Roxy - Friend Turned Family

Author: Daredare205

*019*2023-02-25 02:36

Part 17!

Recap of the six month time skip:

Roxy and crew made the journey to Peace Farms only for Roxy to suffer a mental breakdown and be carried back to the mansion where it took the rest of the day for her to calm back down and get back to her usual self. In her dreams that night, she ended up summoning her father for assistance with her troubled mind. With her father added to the group, the five of them headed to Peace Farms once more and this time, they made amends. Roxy's telepathic connection to her father remained open for the entirety of the visit, keeping her mental state nice and stable. She made sure to communicate that she had no idea what was going on back when she was dropped off, didn't know it was the wrong farm, and formally apologized for hurting their family.

Naturally, she healed them all up better than new before leaving and wishing them safe farming! Stella continued to increase her abilities in Level Four, eventually reaching a strength similar to Roxy when she was in Level Four. Her instincts were razor sharp, her flame growing steadily to an intensity that rivaled Level Three Roxy, and her abilities to find and follow the streams of energy around her were getting more and more potent every day! Daisy's abilities also continued to grow at a fast and steady pace. She's finished getting used to the instincts that'd been suppressed until just months prior, and began developing her abilities.

From time to time, she got bursts of energy that allowed her to surpass Level Four Roxy! She's been focusing on remembering what she'd felt during those short, intense bursts, and now she's attempting to recreate that sensation at will. If she can pull this off, she'll be the most powerful Level Four user of animalized abilities! Kelsey's flame has continued to grow steadily, although her abilities have not increased. It made her feel like she'd hit a wall. This frustration might be what she needs to push through to a new height! But what would that be? She doesn't possess Montorus' light, which is critical to reach Level Five, but since she'd already mastered Level Four, what would be next for her? Was there something between the two? Was there something else to Level Four that could only be achieved by hard work and dedication? Was Kelsey about to discover something unique to only her?

Roxy's mother and grandfather have regained much of their former spry. Not only did they find a new pride in their abilities as well as their children, but being around Roxy (who literally oozes the energy of The Mountain God Montorus) had served to revitalize their aging bodies! During their visit to the Peace Farm, Roxy and her father had remained linked the entire time. It was obvious that her father still had a flame within him, yet he exhibited no animalized features and seemed to lack the energy that usually comes with such a potent flame. His flame burned almost as strong as Roxy's, yet it didn't seem like its power was being used... Almost like something was blocking his animalized instincts and abilities.

###

STORY BEGINS HERE!

"This is excellent!" Exclaimed Lady Sophia, her mouth full of chocolate cake filled with mint flakes and topped with raspberry icing! Lady Sophia was an ox who was currently not displaying her animalized features. She'd come from the Bridle family to relay a message to the head of the Greenfield family.

"Yes, it definitely is! It came from a cookbook that a dear friend gave us a little while back. There's tons of human recipes in there, and they're all delicious!" Exclaimed Roxy, her mouth also full of the amazing cake the maids had prepared!

"This is a human recipe? I thought something like this would have been a closely guarded family secret."

"Yep. Damien gave us this book about a year ago. The maids have made the popular recipes enough times that they've began experimenting with them, often times coming up with delicious variations of the original dishes."

"Wait a minute. Damien as in Damien and Travis, the duo that escorted Kelsey here? From what I hear, they made quite a good impression on dear Kelsey. For humans, they seem rather kind."

"Yes, they are. More than I can put into words." Said Roxy, tears forming in her eyes as her mind went back to the night she shared dinner with the two young men. The way she was told that she was family, not property, had melted her long broken heart back into its proper shape!

"Sounds like the rumors are true. Kelsey was originally a field agent sent to the outside world to confirm rumors that human culture had changed over the last few hundred years and they were no longer as savage as they used to be. She eventually stopped sending us letters, before briefly returning to inform us that she'd decided to live among the humans. Her chameleon form made her the perfect candidate. If she was ever caught, she could hide her features and claim it was a misunderstanding or a costume or something. Either way, her natural abilities made her the perfect candidate for this sort of stealth operation. From what we understand, she's shown her form to many people, and she was usually met with wonder and amazement instead of terror and anger."

"I can definitely confirm that the culture I witness while in the outside world was wonderous and beautiful in its own strange ways. Sometimes I still dream of the lights on the poles beside the streets. Something about them filled me with amazement and it's just stuck with me!"

"Funny enough, I also found myself enamored with them while on my way here. I don't know what it is, they just peak my curiosity."

"Many nights, I'd sit just outside the front gate of the mansion in the city and just look on at the cityscape. It was always so bright at night! In a strange way, it was beautiful!" Said Kelsey, finally feeling comfortable enough to undo her camouflage and reveal that she'd been at the end of the table the whole time!

Wonder if she realizes that just being in Level Four is enough to tip me off that she was there... But the camouflage game was fun... Somehow she'd remained completely silent the whole time as well... Wonder how she camouflaged her clothes tho... Thought Lady Sophia.

"Look, the catching up is nice and all, but I am on a time limit to get back. We really should discuss why I'm really here." Said Lady Sophia, her tone pulling everyone's attention to the new topic.

"You have the floor, Sophia." Said Roxy, her ears rotating like satellite dishes to focus in Sophia's direction.

"Lady Sophia. Don't forget that. I'm the daughter of the family head."

"And I'm Montorus' incarnate, so I'd say if either of us were to call the other a Lady, it should be you addressing me that way." Said Roxy, her tone just playful enough to avoid a conflict.

"Oh come on. We all know Montorus doesn't involve himself in the mortal world. I'm aware of your rather potent abilities, but that's no excuse to call yourself a god."

Roxy sat there, frozen. It took a lot of strength to stop herself from shouting out that everything this girl had said to her was wrong.

"Let's get a couple things straight. Montorus and I are no longer separate. He's no longer a God, and I'm no longer just a mortal. I don't claim to be a God, but I refuse to sit here and let you tell me that I'm not what I am." Said Roxy, using a rather cross tone. Her facial expression and the movement of her tail showed that she was using every ounce of her strength to stop herself from reaching across the table and flattening this brazen ox. But then she had a better idea...

"What? What happened?" Shouted Sophia, her form shrinking to a normal human size and her hair retreating up to her shoulders!

"I disconnected your flame." Said Roxy. "You can't threaten me in that form. Shall we begin our chat?"

Sophia just sat there, her mind trying to come up with any response at all... Eventually, she admitted to herself that this Roxy person was leagues above her, and that she should at least give her some respect...

"If I promise to treat you lot as equals, will you reconnect my flame?" Asked Sophia, her head bowed in shame.

"Of course! That's all we ask for." Said Roxy, reconnecting Sophia's flame and returning her to her previous form.

"Ah, that's better." Sighed Sophia, her mind starting to wind down a little bit..

"So, you were saying something about why you came here?" Said Roxy, switching to a rather neutral tone.

"I was sent by my grandfather to inform the Greenfield family that the Bridle family no longer considers you to be outcasts. You're free to return whenever you like." Something about how she said this sounded a little too generous...

"Don't." Telepathed Stella, who'd been sitting next to Daisy watching the conversation unfold the entire time!

"I'll pretend you only said that because you feel threatened by us. What's the real message?" Asked Roxy.

"That's what I was told to tell you! By order of Master Jacob Bridle."

"Look. We're not falling for your grandfather's trap. I'm well aware he wants us to leave the mansion so he can attack while we're away. Don't think I didn't notice the scouts hanging around the forest, or the fact that they moved in much closer when I went to visit the farm." Said Roxy, using a rather serious tone.

"I... Look, I was just sent to deliver the message. Should I tell him that you've refused his generosity?"

"Yes. We have no intention of letting him kill my grandfather."

"I see. So you think he's after your grandfather?"

"Of course he is! Those were the two that duked it out in what used to be the meadow. I'm not dumb enough to think that they've dropped that grudge. Granddad's only just recently gotten over it, and I'm well aware of how stubborn the elders of the main branch can be."

"You should send a message back. Something more than just 'no.' It might help avoid a larger conflict." Telepathed Kelsey.

"Hm... Let your grandfather know that we respectfully decline. We shall continue to stay to ourselves as long as he does not threaten our safety any longer. Let him know that we request that he withdraw his scouts as well. Oh, and let him know that his battle hymn will no longer work to boost his abilities. Ode to the Mountain God no longer works as a means of boosting your power." Said Roxy, using a rather serious tone.

"I understand. But just to make sure you're aware of what you're signing yourself up for, he'll likely require proof that you've fused with Montorus. To be honest, I don't even believe it fully myself... Not that I doubt your claim that it's possible, it's just a bit much... Your aura is strong, but I don't sense anything godly from it..." Said Sophia, trying her best to maintain a neutral tone.

"I get it. I wanted to avoid a conflict, so I've been suppressing my energy. What you've been feeling so far has just been the little bit that I can't fully contain. Once we're out in the woods, I'll show you that Level Five is indeed real, and you'll make it back to the Bridle estate in record time!"

"How would your powers make me get home sooner?" Asked Sophia, a childish curiosity in her voice.

"I can mold the land around you. Think of it like folding a map so you can skip the space in between." Said Roxy.

"Now this I have to see!"

"Whenever you're ready, we'll head out to the forest and I'll get you going."

"But first, there's something I need to ask..."

"Ask away."

"How is it that there's no disturbance to the flow of energy throughout the forest if you've been changing the landscape? It's all one big flow."

"Honestly, I'm rather surprised you're able to pick up on that. When I move the landscape, it's more of a real illusion, if you will. The energy continues to flow, since the reality is that the real world isn't changed at all. All parties involved briefly enter the illusion and step through before coming back out into reality. In doing so, you skip everything that the illusion skips."

"I bet that really takes it out of you. To create a whole second world just for transport. I've heard tales of this before, some people call it teleportation. Does it send you into hibernation after you use it?" Asked a curious Sophia.

"No, not really. I could probably do seven or eight folds before I tire out. It's really pretty simple. It's just an illusion after all."

"Just an illusion? But that illusion is hundreds of miles long! There's no way that's easy..."

"If you think that's impressive, wait until you find out about her tricks for enhancing our abilities. We covered over eighty miles in just under an hour when we last visited the Peace Farm. I don't know how she does it, but big sis here can create a sort of loop where energy flows through and between all of us and gets amplified each time it goes around. Given a few minutes, it can more than quadruple our abilities. Granted, Roxy here is the only one capable of maintaining a speed above 100mph. I think that's because she's the only one that's reached Level Five. She has a visible aura around her and can sense the essence of the energies that reside within all life, and even the wind obeys her command! We were easily going over 80mph, but we didn't feel much wind. I tried using my telepathy to see around me, and I noticed a flow that was following and surrounding us, essentially moving the air along with us!" Said Stella, bragging up her big sis before the big reveal!

"That's insane!" Exclaimed a mindblown Sophia!

"That's Level Five for ya. I've yet to find a way to go above 120mph though... Every attempt has been met with the wind ripping my aura right off of me, separating me from the energy needed to maintain the abilities that come from Level Five."

"Come to think of it, I have noticed a sort of aura to you... I thought I was just seeing things..."

"This isn't an aura. This is just the energy that's escaping. THIS is an aura." Said Roxy, releasing her restraints on her abilities and letting her energy flow!

Sophia's eyes grew wide as she froze in place! She'd never felt anything like this before! It was like a beam of energy shooting out of Roxy in all directions! It was so potent, it was visible to not only her animalistic senses but her eyes as well!

"You've got to show me this teleportation magic of yours! If you can pull it off, I'll make sure to tell grandfather just how important it is that we not make enemies of your side of the family."

"That was the plan anyway, so why not. Just be aware that this illusion is shaped by your mind. The calmer you are, the more straightforward it will be."

"That's good to know. Where's the start point?"

"Just outside the front doors."

"Well then, what am I waiting for?" Sophia reached out and shook Roxy's hand before departing.

With that, the groups said their goodbyes and Sophia walked through the front door and trotted a few hundred feet along a deer trail before stepping through a wall of fog and ending up right outside the Bridle estate!

End of Part 17!

*020*2023-02-26 01:36

Part 18!

Simultaneously high on caffeine and absolutely exhausted, police officer Carl continued looking for any historical evidence of what started the Bridle vs Greenfield issue in the first place, and he discovered something interesting. There were no records of slavery sales. What he found was much worse. Humans were bought by the Bridle family, animalized, and then sold back at a hefty price. The catch, they were now property. Due to their animalized forms, they were regarded as humanoid pets instead of slaves and were never recognized as an issue by the authorities of yesteryear.

That changed when a man challenged the idea of animalizing humans against their will. He had himself animalized so he could gain the power to fight the Bridle family, received a warriors training and went on several long trips to different parts of the world. His goal was to put himself in the most dangerous forests, jungles, cities, and deserts in the world in order to hone his beastly abilities. What resulted was nothing short of a warrior who'd honed his abilities into a razer sharp blade!

He then hid his animalized features and abilities, made up a huge lie about how his exposure to human culture had diminished his animalized abilities, and said he needed another animalization in order to regain his abilities. He changed his identity several times, totaling thirty-seven visits and, each one gaving him a new set of abilities. He was a Level Three animalized warrior, but he could easily overpower the upper ranks of the Bridle family, who were all Level Four. Keep in mind that the idea of a Level Five hadn't existed back then, and he was basically stacking different Level Three abilities on top of each other until he had what could only be described as an amalgamation of rainbow colored flames burning within him!

He spent the next year meditating, growing his flames and merging his powers into one gigantic flame of insane proportions. After condensing this power and merging it with his seething hatred for the Bridle family, he'd finally unlocked a new ability! From time to time during his meditation, he'd felt a presence within his flame, as if it was alive! One day, he decided to ask if this presence had a name, and ended up meeting Montorus! Montorus taught him the Ode to the Mountain God, and was never seen again. Over three years later, the man returned to the Bridle family with the intension to wipe them off the map!

Upon arrival, he quickly discovered that the newer generations of the Bridle family were not very fond of their elders' traditions and wished to stop the buying and selling of humans, whether they were animalized or not. He had an idea. If he were to start a generational war inside the Bridle family, they might just destroy themselves for him! He'd use his more stealthy abilities to gather information from the younger generations, and formulated a plan of attack. He'd bring in an animalized human who was able to hide their abilities and features, have them marry a member of the Bridle family, and build them a mansion to celebrate the occasion!

He did exactly this, separating a member of the youngest generation from the rest of the Bridle family before refusing every attempt at communication with the main family. Eventually, the new family, lead by Scott Greenfield (the man who married the young Bridle lady), began to lose his abilities and was no longer able to present a threat to the Bridle family. He sent a letter to the family head that he was going to pass down everything he had left to the next generation, putting his flame out for good and lighting new ones in his sons and daughters!

Scott and his wife had three children and hid the only one born with animalized features and abilities, but her powers proved too much for her, and she quickly passed away. Scott changed the corpses figure to match that of a member of the main family, and swapped the two out. The replacement was the daughter of a low ranking mercenary in the main family who didn't have a name yet. He decided to name her Roxella, as that was the name of his daughter who had passed. It didn't take long for the head of the house to realize that this young girl's abilities hadn't yet fully developed. There was still time to make changes.

Scott made several medical concoctions and began a sort of drug therapy on baby Roxella, while the head of the house used his abilities to alter her flame and natural abilities. He chose to bless her with a strong connection to nature, great intelligence, and finally he amplified her abilities before the decision was made to hide the child.

Roxella grew up in the woods, raised by Scott, treated and loved as a true daughter, and was soon observed to show an aptitude for using her animalized abilities much more efficiently than anyone before her. Everything just came naturally to her. She'd picked up on the languages of the animals around her without being taught, increased her abilities without ever calling on her flame or even realizing it was there, and most important of all, her strong connection to nature kept her mind flowing towards the root of where her abilities came from. That's where everything went wrong...

By freak accident, Scott managed to mix up the names of two local farms. One was named Piece farms, and had state of the art military training equipment for Roxy to refine her abilities on, and the other was named Peace farms, a peaceful little farm run by an honest and hard working family. The mistake was made and Roxy was dropped off at the Peace farm before Scott retreated into the city, bought himself a mansion of his own, and found himself missing little Roxy. When he went to visit her, she was nowhere to be found. Fearing the worst, Scott's heart shattered and he retreated back into the city. He converted his mansion into a cat sanctuary in hopes of filling the many holes that'd been blown into his heart, and found a new purpose helping the local strays find caring families.

He went on for years thinking that Roxy had either been killed or stolen, never realizing that he'd made the mistake of dropping her off at the wrong farm. A few months later, the last embers of his flame were reignited with gusto when the head of the Greenfield manor refused a direct command from the main family. Without even realizing it, the head of the Greenfield family had reopened his connection to his old friend Scott and rekindled his animalization! Through this connection, Scott was able to observe the entirety of the battle without ever leaving his mansion in the city.

The act of refusal started a civil war between the Bridle and Greenfield families, leading to the entirety of the Bridle militia marching to the Greenfield estate to slaughter everyone they found! What they saw was incomprehensible. A single man stood in front of the estate and sang a song to a deity. A monstrous battle took place, leveling a portion of the forest! This single man, the same one who'd returned to the Bridle family many times to get more powers, pushed their entire army back on his own! He took down hundreds of warriors, never even breaking a sweat! When the enemy commander finally revealed themselves after hours of fighting, they assumed that the head of the mansion had exhausted his powers in his battle with the Bridle militia.

The commander couldn't have been more wrong. The more this man fought, the more fearsome he became! He didn't tire, didn't fatigue, and his abilities only continued to evolve as the fighting continued into the night! The commander made the decision to enter Level Four, something usually forbidden outside of the Bridle estate, and attempted to put out the warrior's flame. In his attempt to smother it, a fierce heat pushed back and blew his own energy back at him! Never before had the abilities of a Level Four warrior been overpowered by those of a Level Three!

Before the commander could do anything about anything, the head of the Greenfield family leapt over the entire battlefield and knocked him into the ground! The man had a look on his face that said "don't even try it" and the enemy commander followed suit. He'd lost his will to fight. The army withdrew, abandoning the incapacitated members as they disappeared into the distance. The incapacitated members received medical treatment from the head of the mansion as well as Scott's wife, who were both unable to restore the soldiers' animalizations. They could heal their wounds, rekindle their flames, lift their spirits, but the abilities just never came back.

The former members of the Bridle militia were informed that their animalizations had been lost and nothing could be done without them returning to the Bridle family. They were given the choice of a peaceful life here at the Greenfield estate, or an escort back to Bridle territory. The Greenfields made the promise that no matter which they chose, the abandoned soldiers would be respected as heroes who fought for their cause with all their passion. This was the first time they'd been shown such kindness, and from the enemy leader no less! They couldn't help but wonder if the master of the Greenfield family was really their enemy, or their new leader.

They only needed a few minutes to reach the unanimous decision to stay at the Greenfield estate as new members of the family! They vowed to serve their new masters with every fiber of their beings, resolving to make themselves useful in every way they could!

Next was introductions. The new members of the family were introduced to Daisy and Stella, the daughters of Scott and his wife who's name cannot be pronounced by humans. Instead of being organized for a counterattack, the new members of the family were made to swear an oath to uphold a non-violent lifestyle. Their new objective would be to acclimate to a slower lifestyle centered around the health and wellbeing of the two daughters, as well as their mother and the head of the house. Eventually, the new members of the family decided that the best way to accomplish this would be to stop trying to be members of the family, and instead be maids who worked for the family.

The new members would enjoy all the luxury afforded to them by the luxurious Greenfield mansion and bathe in the affection of the two daughters, all without being put in a position where they would have to tell the daughters about where they came from or who they used to be. They all bought maids uniforms that covered their battle scars and they changed their hairstyles to be more casual and less military looking.

To this day, the abandoned soldiers continue to serve the Greenfield family as their staff, and have always been welcomed as part of the family! Little did anyone know, one of the maids was the low ranking Lady from the Bridle family who'd originally given birth to Roxy. This is why she froze and dropped her spade when Roxy suddenly appeared at the estate with human escorts. The presence of the humans didn't matter at all. For a brief moment, she could've sworn her daughter had come back to life!

With Roxy being just an infant when she was taken and replaced with a corpse made to resemble her, she didn't remember anything about her real mother. And given that this Roxella was the property of the Greenfield family, the gardener/maid never told Roxella that she thought they might actually be mother and daughter. This didn't stop Roxy from figuring this out. She'd never directly told anyone, but she'd always made kind and loving gestures to this specific maid. In fact, this maid was the only one to ever hear the entire story of Roxy's time time at Damien's house, accidents included.

What really caught the police officer's eye was the fact that this statement was relatively new. It was given only a couple weeks back and immediately ignored by the higher ups in the department as ridiculous hearsay. The man who submitted the statement was none other than Scott Greenfield! The very man who'd lived in the city and fathered the stolen Roxella as his own, loving her so strongly that she never knew she was stolen! And now, she was living with both her "adopting" mother, and her birth mother! Things truly couldn't get much better, could they?

End of Part 18. I'm planning a reunion with Damien and Travis in part 19, followed by part 20 being the final part of the story.

*021*2023-03-11 19:59

Part 19! Time skip by one month.

Roxy and her family have continued to increase their abilities. For brief moments, Daisy has been able to recreate her enhanced abilities, and is on the verge of obtaining Bolstered Level Four. Stella only became sharper with time, eventually being able to control the forest like Roxy when she was in Level Four. While nobody other than Roxy could create such largescale illusions or use the aforementioned "teleportation" that Sophia used to get back to the Bridle estate, their abilities to sense and alter the flow of energy around them had grown considerably!

Kelsey on the other hand, she was discovering many things about herself. As someone who was born in Level Four, she'd only just now realized how complacent that'd made her. She was born strong and never took time or put in effort to train herself until recently. She has discovered many gifts that she'd been bestowed with, including the ability to sense upcoming changes in her flame, the ability to change her physical form and grow or shrink by about 10%, and most important of all, the ability to predict near future events. This came as she found herself watching birds fly by, only for the rest of the group to not see the birds for another couple seconds. Other small hints continued to show themselves and convince her that she was in fact seeing the near future. Her control over this power was still mediocre, and she often had visions that were either incomplete or just barely different from what was really about to happen.

Damien and Travis were visited by officer Carl, who presented them with a sort of compass made of stone. It was in a small box hidden away in one of the police department's storage rooms, taken from the lost belongings left from the battle detailed in Part 18. It was a mystery how the hands moved, as there were no mechanisms within. Not only that, but it appeared to be one piece of stone. It was covered in marking written in Mountain God, which none of them could read. The decision was made to visit the Greenfield manor for further information on this "compass".

At the Bridle estate, the order had been given to remove all scouts from the forest near the Greenfield manor. The Bridle family had been keeping to itself, silently preparing for an all out attack on the Greenfield family who dared to oppose them. True, some of their abilities had diminished over the generations, but they had an overwhelmingly sized army and the training to back up their sheer numbers. Not to mention, they had all these ancient gadgets forgotten to time... Just what on earth would these contraptions be capable of?

###

Story resumes here.

Back at the Greenfield mansion, a situation was unfolding... A troubled Roxy appeared to be having a nightmare! Although clearly still asleep, her aura had reappeared and her powers were slowly ramping up! Daisy, Stella and Kelsey were awoken be the disturbances in the flow of the energies around them. Heading down the hallway, they passed several maids who were frantically asking if anyone had ever seen anything like this. The entire staff had no idea what to do. Something like this simply doesn't happen. When someone animalized falls asleep, so do their abilities.

While their ears and tail might twitch as they dream, their true abilities would remain dormant. In the truly gifted, sometimes their abilities would wake them, but still, said abilities would never be active while they slept. This is why the staff had always rotated shifts in a way that meant the majority of them were effectively nocturnal. Since animalized people are vulnerable while they're sleeping, that's when they'd need the most protection.

However, what was seen in Roxy's room was something entirely new... When the three girls arrived at the doorway, they saw Roxy, still asleep, in her Level Five form, aura and everything! She tossed and turned as if having a nightmare! Every time she did so, the air in the room would gust like wind and slam into the opposing side of the room! Stella could've sworn that she'd caught glimpses of parts of Roxy's aura that seemed almost solid, before quickly dissolving back into the translucent glow. Pulses of energy formed as waves, creating brighter spots in her aura that raced from head to toe and vice versa! It was enough to make everybody stay clear! Not even Stella risked getting any closer. She didn't need telepathy to know that the amount of raw power surging through Roxy's aura would fry her like a potato if she got wrapped up in it!

Suddenly, Roxy drew claws! Clearly still asleep, she wobbled to her feet. Her ears and tail hung down, arms hanging and gently moving forward and backwards... She muttered something before withdrawing her claws and falling to the floor! Again, the air in the room reached tornado like gusts, slamming into the stone walls, blowing the bed apart, and knocking the dresser over! Again, her aura became more potent! Now on the floor, Roxy once again drew claws and repeatedly slashed at the air in front of her! She snapped awake, her aura flashing to a truly blinding intensity as a sort of string fell to the ground... Her roar shook the mansion as her glow continued to increase, casting a shadow on the wall across from her! She leapt towards the shadow at impossible speed, tackling the invisible intruder straight through the wall before landing in the front yard!

With claws drawn and teeth showing, Roxy growled as she attempted to smother the flame of whoever had tried to get to her sisters! For a brief moment, her aura vanished... Nobody could see what was going on just yet, their eyes still adjusting from standing mere feet away from where Roxy's aura had flared brighter than the sun! Roxy's breath left her, her strength faded, and Daisy was the first to observe what was happening! Roxy's energy was being stolen! A sort of invisible river of energy flowed out of Roxy and into the intruder! It wasn't long before Roxy slipped back into a human appearance, her presence quickly fading before disappearing completely. Although still invisible, the intruder's energy grew so strong that even the maids picked up on it! With a ferocious roar, the intruder leapt off the ground straight towards the hole in Roxy's room where they'd been pushed out!

Without even thinking, Daisy leapt forwards! Nobody could see who the intruder was or what they came for, but a couple things were obvious. They were here to fight, and they could not only steal animalizations, but also the essence of life! Enraged by the loss of her sister Roxy, Daisy briefly entered Bolstered Level Four and delivered a slash capable of mowing down trees for miles ahead of her! This pushed the intruder back, leaving a slight gash and tearing a piece of their clothing from them! For a moment, both of them stopped as their energies surged! Surely, it would only be matter of seconds before one of them finished this!

As Daisy and the intruder took a second to power up for a finishing blow, Stella simply fell to her knees and wept. Tears flowed down her cheeks like little rivers as the only word to leave her mouth was a simply "why" before she completely broke down and couldn't even speak! Kelsey started to kneel down to comfort poor Stella before noticing something... Her telepathy hadn't stopped... Being fueled by Roxy's extra abilities, this must mean Roxy wasn't actually dead! She quickly telepathed this to Stella, feeling that a message delivered directly might reach her better than any words could, especially since Stella was weeping so hard she wouldn't be able to speak anyway...

Before this message was complete, a sudden sensation came over everyone! A single thought entered Kelsey's mind... God is she mad!

Before Daisy could deliver her next blow, she realized something was off and instinctively leapt back! Good thing she did, she was terribly close to being in range of what was about to happen! Too fast for anyone to follow, a glowing blur of light and rage leapt up above the intruder before landing a blow so intense it threw the intruder into the ground and made a small crater roughly thirty feet across!

"HOW DARE YOU" Screamed a voice that snapped Stella out of her fit of tears! She looked up to see Roxy in Level Three, claws drawn, teeth showing, landing beside the intruder in the position of a predator on the hunt! Roxy leapt forward at impossible speeds and swung her mighty claws, narrowly missing the invisible intruder as her slash carved trenches hundreds of feet deep, reaching miles into the distance!

The intruder ran forwards, taking advantage of the time it would take for Roxy to ready herself after such a potent attack that consumed nearly all her energy! In the blink of an eye, the intruder closed the distance between them and landed a powerful punch! This pushed Roxy back several dozen feet, but she stayed on her feet! When she came to a stop, she briefly entered Level Four before ascending straight back into Level Five!

Knowing their game was up, the intruder put everything they had into one final attack! Surely all the energy they'd stolen from Roxy would be worth something, right? They closed the distance at great speed, bouncing about as if a spear guided by reflective walls! Lining up with the back of Roxy's neck, they finally drew their claws and leapt forward at even greater speed! Daisy, Stella and Kelsey couldn't see the intruder, but they could see Roxy quite well! Her aura shifted again, pulling her around to face the other way! Before the intruder could do anything about anything, their view shifted from their target to the ground as they took a blow from Roxy! Daisy, Stella and Kelsey saw Roxy's fist clench as she pulled her arm back and delivered a punch capable of flattening cities to the attacker, flattening them onto the ground before pulling back for another punch, and another, and another! The mansion shook with each blow, the shockwaves shaking the very air around everyone!

Still, Roxy could feel her power being restrained! Something still had a hold of her! Before she could land another hit, she was kicked in the face and sent flying back! Landing on her feet, she roared with fury as her aura returned with all its might! It laid hotly against her skin, melting the surface of the stones behind her! A forced telepathic connection stopped her in her tracks, as she fell to the ground! Her aura dissipated as the saw the mansion crumbling, her sisters crushed and dying before their essence completely vanished, and the intruder laughing in the distance! Just then, Daisy and Stella rose from the rubble, clearly already dead, and only asked one question "why didn't you save us?"

Roxy's aura returned tenfold as sheer rage pulled her from the illusion! She felt something she'd never felt before as it seared her skin, but it didn't seem to hurt... It felt like something was attaching itself to her, rather than trying to hurt her. Ever the dirty fighter, the intruder leapt forward and took advantage of Roxy's apparent confusion. Naturally, they put everything they had into this blow as the earth shook beneath their mighty kicks while they sprinted towards Roxy! Their heart sank as time seemed to slow to a crawl! What should've taken a hundredth of a second seemed to be taking minutes! How long would it take them to reach Roxy? That's when they saw Roxy pulling the last of the strings out and cutting through them with her claws! They didn't see what happened next.

Everyone up in what was left of Roxy's bedroom saw something amazing! Roxy leapt towards the intruder, met them before they could reach her, then withdrew her claws and simply punch them and knocked them out! Nobody knew how, not even Roxy, but somehow she'd managed to stop herself from killing this attacker. As the attacker lie on the ground, unconscious, their invisibility shattered! What was revealed was a cheetah with several devices surgically attached to them! Still unconscious, one of the devices glowed and launched a new string at Roxy! She caught it, cut it with her claws, and quickly shattered the machine!

Roxy's ears twitched as she heard footsteps behind her! Her aura flared again as she drew claws and turned to face... Her sisters and Kelsey, who were coming to check on her... They froze in place, fearing that Roxy had lost control... With a deep breath, Roxy calmed her aura and withdrew her claws. Her aura once again detached from her skin and rested on top of her, going back to its usual subtle glow.

"It's okay guys, I'm fine. Didn't mean to scare you." Said Roxy, walking towards her family! A feeling of exhaustion came over her as she began to sway ever so slightly, her 360 vision fading from her as she slipped back down to Level Four. She barely managed to mutter "I'm so tired" before she had a hard time getting her legs to move any further...

"Somebody catch her she's gonna-" Said Kelsey, interrupted by Stella leaping forward and catching Roxy as she began to fall! Roxy looked up at Stella with a look of utter exhaustion.

"Are you okay?" Asked Stella, a look of worry on her face.

"Yeah, just exhausted..." Said Roxy in a weak voice. She was going to ask for help getting back to bed before remembering that she no longer has a bed...

"DON'T EVER SCARE ME LIKE THAT AGAIN! I THOUGHT I'D LOST YOU!" Cried Stella, pulling Roxy into the hug of a lifetime! Daisy and Kelsey joined the group hug, shedding tears of joy and relief!

"Thank you guys, really..." Said a very weak Roxy as she drifted off to sleep right there in everyone's arms.

"Don't worry about it, just focus on resting up. We'll handle the rest." Said Stella, picking her sister up and walking back towards the mansion.

Roxy slept for 14 hours and woke up to find that it was already 3pm! She shifted in bed and noticed a warmth under her... Don't tell me... She lifted her covers to find that she'd wet the bed, badly. Too embarrassed to do anything, she didn't even telepath her healed injuries to her sisters... She just lied there...

"Don't worry about it. I'll draw a bath to help you relax and calm down." Said a maid, seated in the corner of the room.

"Th-thank you." Said Roxy, climbing out of bed and noticing the glass of milk on the end table. She quickly downed the entire glass, and licked her lips! Delicious!

As the maid drew the bath, she added some scented bubble bath soap to help Roxy relax. She called for Roxy to come to the bathroom, but was concerned when she didn't get a response. She walked back down the hall to find Roxy sitting on the floor, a hand on her forehead, and the other on her stomach. She looked very pale.

"Are you not feeling well?" Asked the maid.

"I feel like I'm gonna throw up." Said Roxy, covering her mouth before nearly vomiting on the floor. A mixture of nervousness and her partially healed wounds were playing games with her stomach...

"Wait here, I'll fetch a pale." Said the maid, who returned with a small trash can in case Roxy would vomit... She also brought a pill to help calm Roxy's stomach and a glass with just enough water to swallow the pill.

"Thank you." Said Roxy, taking the pill and waiting to see if it would do anything... After a few sour burps, her stomach began to calm down. "Shouldn't have chugged all that milk" laughed Roxy, beginning a to feel a bit better.

"When you're ready, your bath is ready. No rush." Said the maid, knowing that she could always drain a little bit and add more hot water if it took too long before Roxy felt ready to stand up.

"Yeah, I'm ready." Said Roxy, standing up and heading for the restroom. Given her nightly accident, she made sure to empty her bladder the rest of the way before getting in the tub. She immediately felt so much better! She'd never taken a bubble bath before! The water felt so nice as it melted away all the tension in her body! Roxy stayed in the bath for about half an hour before getting out, drying off, and looking at herself in the mirror.

Now that she was naked, it was obvious... A few marking had appeared... One on her chest, the Mountain God symbol for Bravery, and one on her stomach, the symbol for Integrity. She didn't know what these meant, and figured she could just bring them up at dinner...

After getting dressed and straightening her hair, Roxy walked downstairs to find everyone waiting for her at the table!

"SURPRISE!" Yelled everyone together!

"Hope you're feeling better." Said Damien and Travis, who'd arrived mid-morning.

"I-I am, thank you." Said Roxy, only just now realizing what was going on!

"Wait a minute! When did you get here?!" Shouted an excited Roxy!

"About 10 o'clock this morning." Said Damien, his eyes following Roxy's beautiful hair as it flowed behind her.

"You waited all day for me?" Asked Roxy, overcome with feelings of joy and compassion.

"Well, yeah! We originally came to find out if you guys knew anything about this strange compass thing, but once I heard what happened last night, we decided to stay and make sure you were okay." Said Travis.

"Thank you so much!" Shouted Roxy as she ran over and hugged the two of them! "You have no idea how much it means to see you guys again after everything that happened last night!"

"Kelsey told us about your fight with that puppet master. I'm glad to see you're okay, although it looks like some of your abilities have yet to return." Said a familiar voice from across the table.

"Dad! When did you get here?!" Shouted Roxy, beginning to cry tears of joy!

"About an hour ago. Couldn't help but worry after I heard what happened." Said Scott.

"Well thank you for coming! I never thought everyone would come so fast when I hadn't even asked!" Said Roxy, beginning to wipe her tears away before taking her seat.

"I know you just woke up, so I had the rest of the staff make breakfast for dinner!" Said Chloe, bringing out a set of plates. Next came omelets with all sorts of goodies inside, and bagels with flavored cream cheese, and of course, strawberry flavored milk!

Roxy ate and ate and ate, having no idea how she'd managed to pack away so much delicious food! The entire group shared their stories, smiling as they ate!

After breakfast for dinner, Roxy's grandfather decided it was time to tell Roxy what'd happened.

Everyone went down to the basement, where a cheetah sat on a comfy couch with handcuffs and legcuffs. All of the surgically implanted weapons had been disabled and all their ammo and power packs removed. Roxy was told that they'd only healed the intruder enough to wake them up, and that it should be her decision on what to do next. After all, it was obvious that she was the intruder's target.

Roxy reached towards the intruder, and they closed their eyes tightly as they prepared for the torture. They were expecting claws or punches, not... Such a pleasant sensation... Roxy was healing them! Before she could finish completely, her "spell" broke and she slipped back down to Level Three before taking a few steps back stumbling into Daisy, who helped steady her.

Roxy insisted she was fine, but it was obvious she still needed time to recover. She was asked to sit down and rest while they handled discussions.

The group had a long chat with the intruder, finding out lots of information! First of all, this wasn't a vicious beast! He was trained by the Bridle family to break into the Greenfield estate and separate Roxy from the rest of the family so the assault could begin, but now that the plan had failed, he genuinely didn't know what the backup plan was, if there even was one.

"Actually..." One of the maids approached the intruder and removed her eyepatch, revealing the broken remnants of a flow detector (another device made by the Bridle family for combat), implanted in her eye.

"Rose?" Asked a very confused intruder.

The maid, known as Rose, took time to explain the historic battle with the Greenfield family head, which had given him the nickname of the Beast Tamer. She also explained how they were all healed, cared for, taken in, and welcomed as part of the family! There was no conflict on this end! Only the Bridle family still thought this, until this morning. Turns out, a messenger had come to check on the intruder's progress, only to be found by the Greenfield estate's staff, and recognize said staff as their old comrades.

The entire mission has already been called off! The army's turned back! The first big step to peace between the two sides of the family had already been taken!

Roxy breathed a sigh of relief, so glad that she wouldn't have to fight like that again! While it felt great to be able to protect people, especially her friends and family, she hated the idea of fighting. Something about it just felt wrong. That's not what these powers should be for. Thought Roxy.

Roxy stood up and asked the intruder his name.

"Tyler, Tyler Bridle." He said.

"I'm Roxella Greenfield, but you can call me Roxy." Said Roxy, smiling and reaching for a handshake.

Tyler accepted the gesture and shook her hand. He was given the choice of staying here and becoming part of the staff, or heading back to his home at the Bridle estate. Naturally, he accepted their hospitality and was welcomed as a new member of the Greenfield family!

After getting a bath and discussing the plan for removing his weapons, Tyler headed to his new bedroom! For the first time in years, he slept through the night without a worry in the world! He dreamed of his new family, and all the things he'd learn starting tomorrow!

End of Part 19!

*022*2023-03-21 13:16

FINAL PART!

In a long, well decorated hallway filled with reds and golds, five young animalized girls jump down the carpet at Mach Speed! Being taught Mountain God from their first moments, they spoke it fluently and didn't even know feline! They'd picked up a few meows from overhearing their parents talking to the neighbors, but that's pretty much it in terms of the feline language for them.

These five precious little darlings had no idea how much their house meant to the history of the world they live in, nor that it was the result of a peace treaty between two sides of a warring family. All they knew was that they could only play seriously with each other, as they were way too strong for any of the neighbor's kids. Things had gone wrong more than once, requiring momma Stella to come over and heal the neighbor's kids before apologizing to their parents. If you thought regular kittens were a handful, wait until you saw these supercharged beasts! They were only 2 feet tall, but they'd already outmatched the neighboring parents in terms of raw strength and hunting abilities.

All the neighbors, except one! The one that powered all their flames! Of course, we're talking about Roxy. Now over 50 years young, Roxy had become quite the respected lady! Every morning, she went for a jog. Of course, this means she circled the entire forest and said hello to all the animals in their respective languages. She'd let her abilities unfold as she walked through town, drastically speeding up the never ending construction that was working to expand the community.

If you hadn't guessed, this community exists where the Greenfield mansion used to be. The doors were always open and new houses were always popping up as members of the Bridle family came to settle down and get away from the military lifestyle at their old homes. Not only that, but there were a few human families living here too! One of which was filled with hybrid children!

"GRANDMA!" Shouted an excited little girl as she burst through the dining room doorway, running over to Roxy before stopping and asking "You're taking us with you today, right?"

Roxy put her hand on the little girl's head, ruffling her hair and massaging her cat ears! "You know why I can't do that. I'll be back before long, don't worry. I'll bring you all back something!"

The little girls pouted, getting absolutely nowhere as Roxy simply leaped right over all of them! These days, Roxy didn't have the stamina to remain in Level Five at all times like she used to. Every now and then, she'd wake up in Level Three and have to stretch and have something to eat before having the energy to return to Level Four for the whole day. Of course, this didn't bother her husband Damien, who'd fallen in love with Roxy from day one!

Roxy walked to the front room, grabbing Damien before heading out for the day. They were going to a meeting that had the potential to completely break down the divide between the Greenfield and Bridle families!

"When are you going to finally get rid of this old thing?" Asked Roxy, waiting for Damien to put the roof down on Onyx so that her tall and muscular form would fit inside.

"Hey, this is a classic!" Announced Damien, turning the key in his 2004 Audi TT Roadster in the year 2045... She fired right up and purred like a kitten... Roxy had to admit, even though it was definitely getting old, it still had that sound that originally captivated her all those years ago when he found her in the woods... Maybe this was why she put up with the old thing...

Roxy and Damien did one last check to make sure they had everything they needed. Hologram notepads: check. Bullet arrestors: check. Voice amplifiers: check. Body armor... Damien brought his, but Roxy chose not to wear hers this time. She wanted to give off a more friendly appearance, hence why she had her hair done up so delicately.

"Roxy, aren't you bringing your armor? You know you don't have the stamina to armor your skin anymore." Damien looked genuinely concerned at this moment, as it was genuinely possible that Roxy could be shot and killed without her armor. After all, one of the children had managed to pounce on her before when she wasn't able to get her guard up fast enough... Old age really can be a pain, and when you have as much power as Roxy, it seems to take a toll a bit sooner...

"Nah, it would ruin the presentation! Besides, I've been saving my energy for this meeting! Haven't you noticed how I've spent the last few days in Level Three?" Answered Roxy, giving a look of determination and resilience.

"To be honest, I thought you were just tired..." Said Damien, disappointed in himself for not thinking of that...

"Seriously, I'm feeling 110% today! C'mon, let's get going!" Said Roxy, urging Damien to finally get a move on.

"S-sure, as long as you're sure." Said Damien, putting the car in gear and pulling out.

The two shared stories of old as they watched the trees go by. They couldn't help but remember that fateful encounter in these woods all those years ago... The beginning of a whole new adventure for both of them!

Finally reaching the edge of the forest where the grasslands began, Damien pulled into a parking spot and shut the car off. He dawned his armor and covered it with his Regalia. Roxy had left most of her extras at home for this meeting... She only brought the more ceremonial pieces of her regalia...

The two looked absolutely stunning as they walked in the front doors of the Great Bridle Training Facility! They took long strides, giving off the energy of well prepared and confident partners as they neared the meeting room.

"You should flare your aura, you never know what they might try..." Whispered Damien, noticing that Roxy was still only in Level Four and not her usual Level Five!

"Nah, it'd get us bad attention. I noticed something last time we were here. and I intend to drive that point home." Whispered Roxy before opening the doors and giving a warm "Good morning everyone! I trust you're all well rested for today's proceedin-"

It's true that Roxy was older and her strength wasn't what it used to be, but things like this were nothing to be afraid of... She simply stepped to the side as a BB flew right past her head and embedded itself in the wall some distance behind her.

"Really?" She said, turning around and beginning to close the doors as the two returned to the hallway.

An elder stood up from the table, showing all his implanted weapons, to the disgust of most everyone at the table... None of them dared to stop him, since he was still technically the head of the Bridle family...

"You think you can just come back here after what happened last time! Look!" Shouted the elder, pointing at the empty seat on the side of the table where one of his trusted aids had sat at the last meeting. "The young lass is so terrified of you that I couldn't even get him to leave the house today!"

Blatant lies... Roxy hadn't scared the young man, she'd opened his eyes!

Roxy gritted her teeth and clenched her fists before reopening the doors and removing her regalia, showing that she was not wearing any armor and did not bring any weapons.

"Only a fool would show themselves unarmed before a warrior!" Yelled the elder, sprinting at Roxy who'd taken a predatorial stance as she readied herself for the fight!

The elder leapt off the edge of the long meeting table and pounced on Roxy who wasn't able to defend herself against such strength! Blow after blow, Roxy felt her strength leaving her as her vision blurred and her ears rang from the punches she was taking! She eventually slipped back down to Level Three, leaving Damien standing there stunned with no idea what to do next!

"How the mighty Roxella has fallen." Said the elder, standing back up and showing a prototype weapon in his arm! He took aim and fired, blasting a hole in the ground where Roxy lied just a second prior! "Vaporized! Even I didn't know it was this powerful!" Shouted the elder, feeling his stamina running out and taking a couple steps back before proclaiming his victory!

"I think playtime is just about over..." Said Roxy, her voice ringing out through the room as the elder's weapons shattered and fell to the floor. The illusion started to fade as it was revealed that Roxy and Damien had already taken their seats and began talks with the other members of the Bridle family! (note that only the elder was in the illusion. Everyone else had already began talks with Roxy.) What lied on the floor was... Nothing! There was nothing there!

"An illusion?" Said the elder, reaching for his sword and finding it missing...

"Looking for this?" Said Damien, turning the sword on its side and stomping on it, shattering the blade into a million pieces!

"I see... It was all planned..." Said the elder, walking out of the meeting room and announcing that he no longer wished to lead a family that would allow themselves to fall victim to such basic illusions...

Roxy simply pulled out one of her holographic notepads and presented a bunch of letters written by former members of the Bridle family who'd recently moved to the Greenfield village! There were so many letters! They told of how great life was now that they didn't have to worry about anything at all since they were under Roxy's protection now! The entire village was like one big family! One letter stood out from the rest...

"Dear mom and dad, I regret to inform you that I will not be returning home from my research here at the Greenfield village. I've fallen in love with the people here and the lives they live, and even found myself a wonderful husband! I hope everything is going good on your end, as I will not be returning. Please note that this will be my last letter, as I no longer care for my old life. However, I want you to know that the doors here are always open. You'd be more than welcome in this community! Thank you for everything you've done for me! Love, Luna" A picture of pregnant Luna smiling from ear to ear while hugging a human was attached, revealing the second ever marriage between a human and an animalized human!

"See? This is what we're all about! If anyone wants to come to our community to start a new life, our doors are always open! Just like your old comrades from when my grandfather turned your army back all those years ago, none of you will be seen as enemies. We can help you remove your weapons from your arms if you'd like, but we don't require it. However, there are rules requiring that your weapons be neutralized within 24 hours of residence. We don't see the need for them anymore." Said Roxy, achieving exactly what she'd set out to do!

The room fell silent before some questions started coming Roxy's way...

"You really don't hate us after everything we've done?" Asked a young man, removing his cap and revealing that he was branded with a stigma from the old war...

"Of course not! Look at me, healthy as could be!" Said Roxy, passing around a bunch of holographic notepads that listed what her community was all about and how everyone was welcome, regardless of race or status!

"I think I'll take you up on that." Said the young man, standing up and walking to the front of the table before extending his hand and giving a firm handshake as Roxy smiled back!

"Phew... Think I'll take this off... It's getting kinda hot under all this armor." Said Damien, showing that he felt comfortable enough to remove his armor in front of the former enemies of the Greenfield family and their new village! As he did so, there was a moment where the top of his head was exposed before putting his 3RK hat on.

No ears... "A human?" Said the young man who'd just shaken Roxy's hand.

"Yep. That's why I wore the armor. I'm not durable like you folk." Said Damien.

"Don't worry about him, he's just weird. He's always so worried of these talks going south that he tried to convince me to wear armor today." Chuckled Roxy, making Damien blush...

"Hey, if you're not scared of what might happen, then how can you prepare for it?" Said Damien.

"True. And you are my hubby and you know I support your decisions, but wearing armor today was probably a bit much..." Said Roxy, still poking fun at Damien.

"What do you mean? The elder pulled a weapon on you!" Said Damien, lowering his volume as he realized he'd just yelled that...

"Don't tell me..." Roxy stopped halfway through her sentence...

"Don't tell you what?" Said a genuinely confused Damien...

Roxy couldn't help but chuckle as she told Damien that those little pea shooters the elder was using weren't much of weapons at all compared to the man who'd broken into the mansion years back, back when she had an upstairs bedroom next to her sisters.

"You mean Tyler? How is he by the way?" Said a middle aged woman from across the table.

"Fine. He's got himself a girlfriend and is expanding on their house!" Said Roxy. She was just so happy that things had gone so well at today's meeting! It was looking like this would be the last one! The barrier between the two sides of the family had been removed!

With the meeting over, Damien and Roxy began the drive home.

"Hey, take it easy babe! All this bouncing around is not being kind to my bladder!" Shouted Roxy, jamming a hand between her legs as she nearly spurted in her pants!

Damien smiled an evil grin as he put the pedal down and drove even harder!

