Roxy - Friend Turned Family

Author: Daredare205

*007*2023-01-06 03:57

Part 7 will be happening in 3 different places at once, joining back together when Roxy and crew return to the mansion in the woods. In this section, I took inspiration from the Hinokami Kagura dance that proliferates itself through Tanjiro's life in Demon Slayer as well as the Dance of Droll from The Seven Deadly Sins which allows Diana to view the animals and landscape around her.

Arriving at the police station with the horn, officer Carl hands it off to an analyst akin to Abby from NCIS. The examination process happens behind private doors, with Carl waiting for results in the main areas of the building. He continues to socialize and enjoys several drinks and snacks in the break room while waiting on results. Finally, he decides he should be doing something with his time and sits down at his desk.

Let's see what I can find out about this Greenfield and Bridle quarrel...

This man had no idea what he was about to uncover. There's a reason the head of the mansion was known as the Beast Tamer...

A territorial dispute... Battle that leveled a large portion of the forest... Mansion abandoned by the Bridle family with only the Greenfields remaining... I already know this. Surely there's more to it... He kept digging for hours, often times finding himself with little pieces of info that didn't make any sense without context. He began writing notes and arranging them on his desk like puzzle pieces. Two hours later he had a working theory. Still full of holes, but sturdy enough to continue pursuing the truth, this theory proved to be very interesting.

Oh my God. The Greenfield and Bridle families are just two halves of the same family. In other words, all beasts are Bridles, some have just changed their names to Greenfield... As for a timeline of events, I'm still missing a lot of info... Maybe whatever info we can get from the horn will help to fill in the holes.

At this point, officer Carl hadn't even considered the possibility of Scott also being a Bridle. Roxy had figured this out from scent, but that wasn't part of what was conveyed over radio from the officer accompanying the sisters at Scott's mansion.

Speaking of which, it's about time to check back in on Daisy as well as everyone else at Scott's mansion.

With Daisy having finished relieving herself and rinsing out the shower, she came out of the bathroom into the hallway. Looking back to the front door, she found it to be closed. The group had already moved to the living room to talk about Roxy's experiences at the farm.

Scott had began the conversation... He spoke carefully, trying his best not to hit a nerve on Roxy. "I understand things didn't go to plan while you were at the Peace farm... Before I ask you to explain, please allow me to explain what the plan was. Is this okay with you Roxy?"

Roxy was doing her best to keep an open mind in this situation. Everything had gotten all messed up. Her tail was tense, a few hairs still on end, a hint of speckles in her eyes (which she didn't even know she had) had made themselves visible, and her limbs still twitched from time to time. With ears aimed at Scott like satellite dishes, she asked him to continue.

"The plan was simple. I would take you from the mansion, across the meadow, and raise you in the woods until you'd learned basic survival and built up sufficient resilience to strength training. Once that was complete, the Peace family would take you in and continue raising you while I hid low in the city. The plan was for you to continue your strength and tactical training at their farm. Their basement is full of cutting edge equipment which should've been plenty to get your reflexes razor sharp, hone your instincts and build up your stamina. That being said, the contract between the Greenfield and Peace families did not formally describe how this training would be conducted. Perhaps it was interpreted in a rather extreme manner. Believe me when I say that what you described is nothing like what was supposed to happen. They were supposed to train you, not torture you."

At this point, the officer spoke up and asked Roxy if she'd mind to go over what exactly had happened. She'd be given the opportunity to press charges if she felt like it.

With ears lying flat against her head, eyes fill with a hollow emptiness and a tail with no spunk at all, Roxy recounted her experiences at the farm. "Honestly, I don't believe dad at all. Cutting edge equipment my ass. I was thrown in a cellar, beat with sticks and whips, shot at with pellet guns, and fed only enough to stay alive. They sprayed me with this disgusting stuff that made it hard for me to smell anything... I don't know what it was, but it was potent. Hints of garlic, sage, and vinegar among other things... I don't know. It just wasn't anything like what you say it was. There was no equipment to speak of. The cellar only consisted of stone walls, a damp floor, and a large metal door that always remained locked. I tried everything, but I could never get it open. Even bashing it down proved impossible. I've broken shoulders, arms, legs, pretty much everything, trying to get that damn door to open!" Without even realizing it, a transformation had begun...

Those speckles in her eyes were growing at a startling rate, their orange-yellow color threatening to completely cover her dazzling green eyes, her hands and feet had begun shaping themselves into paws without fur, her entire being had started to enlarge and even her breathing was sounding more aggressive. The scariest part was that she hadn't realized this was happening. Nervously moving her hand on her lap, her claws had become stuck in her pants...

That's odd, I don't remember extending my claws... Looking down at her hands... Paws... She started freaking out! She didn't even realize she was saying this out loud...

"What the hell is this?! I swear I'm not doing this?! What's going on?!!!" Her eyes fully orange, hands and feet now resembling paws without fur, claws extending from all 4 extremities, a tail shaped like a harpoon and a good 7 feet tall while sitting down, Roxy had truly transformed into a beast!

What a transformation! Just like her grandfather when he turns into an ox or rhino! And such a potent scent! Seems off though... It's kind of all over the place... Like it's not focused... Is this her first time? I need to do something to calm her down! Thought Scott, trying to find any way to deal with the situation.

The officer just sat in owe, quite literally trembling... He knew the Beast Tamer had real beastly blood in him, but he'd never seen a transformation in real life. Just pictures and artist's depictions... And furry artwork that got turned in as 'evidence' from time to time...

A gentle hand grabbed Roxy's paw... She had sank so far into her mental breakdown that she hadn't even noticed that Daisy had entered the room just prior to her transformation... Stella took the opportunity to take Roxy's other hand, and the two just instinctively knew what to do... It was like someone had put instructions right in their heads!

Despite the two being rather poor at speaking feline, lacking the vocal cords necessary to produce certain sounds and oscillations, they immediately began speaking fluent feline... A lullaby... As for where it came from, they didn't know. They'd never heard it before.

Nobody knew exactly what was happening or what would come next... But one thing was for sure... A beautiful chorus was ringing out inside the souls of the three sisters. A burning passion reignited, heritage long lost was coming back to them! For the first time in their lives, Daisy and Stella took in all the peculiar scents and sounds of their surroundings. Even they hadn't realized the ears or tails that had sprouted... They simply kept singing.

Roxy's tail was the first to show signs of returning to normal as its hair began to lie back down and the arrowhead shape on the end seemed to just disappear. This was followed by her padded paws returning to human hands and feet, immediately followed by her form shrinking back down to her normal size. The orange in her eyes slowly retreated back to speckles that remained for a moment before fully disappearing. She closed her eyes, and joined in the song. Even she didn't know where it came from but it was so familiar she could recite it by heart, despite never hearing it before.

Simply amazing! I've only ever heard this once before. That was when her grandfather was fighting. He moved in unison with the song he recited, never missing a beat, never letting an injury disturb his pace... He fought as if he was dancing... It appears as if this song, or maybe instinct, has been passed down to all of his grandchildren. Wonder why I don't feel compelled to join in... Must be specific to their grandfather... Thought Scott, completely frozen in place. Every part of his being was absorbed in the spectacle unfolding right in front of him!

As the song drew to a close, Daisy and Stella's ears and tails began to disappear... Roxy opened her eyes, now back to their usual green, just in time to catch a glimpse of her sisters' features fading away... I knew it! I knew I couldn't be the only one! Something stopped her from announcing her joy, as if the song had taken over... She spoke the last couple words before the trio sat in silence for a moment, processing what had just happened....

"Daisy, Stella... You're not going to believe this! I saw ears and tails! You two had ears and tails!"

"Did we really?! I swear I could see scent trails leading all throughout the house! I could separate the scents of all 77 cats that live here! Hell, I could tell you where over half of them are right now!" Exclaimed Stella, so excited she jumped off the couch to make her announcement!

Daisy didn't follow suit with an announcement. She had realized something while the song was ending... It was as if it controlled their transformations. It brought Roxy's under control, and had caused her first ever animalization! Even if it was short lived, the experience proved that she wasn't without at least some of Roxy's abilities. A new confidence began to blossom in her heart!

Scott decided to address the group, taking the opportunity to get a formal conversation going again. "It looks like that was the first time for all of you. Doesn't look like any of you were truly in control of your transformations. Daisy and Stella, there's no reason you shouldn't be able to maintain your animal forms now that you've already transformed. As for how, you'll have to figure it out for yourself. Think of it like sleeping, it's something that happens when it needs to... The exception being those who are born already in an animalized state like Roxy.

Your beastly transformation was very potent! It seems like you run more on instinct than training or self control... Guess I'll have to take your word for your experiences at the farm... I truly am sorry for everything that happened. If I'd known any of this was even a possibility, I would have come back to get you much sooner. You see, the contract states that I was to wait another 2 years before picking you up from the farm. I see now that thing's couldn't have gone further off the rails. Once again, I offer my sincere apologies."

Roxy was picking up on the scents of genuine remorse, regret, and... Relief... She apologized for misjudging him, but found herself unable to give an apology for her behavior, as it felt as if something else had forced it... That's it!

"Dad. I have something I need to tell you. I don't know if this theory is correct, but it would explain a lot of what just happened... I picked up a horn in the meadow. It carried your scent and resembled a cross between a rhino and a wild boar. Are you... From the Bridle family? I've already put together that the Bridle and Greenfield families are two branches of the same family, and that the Bridles are what granddad calls the Main Family. All I need to know is that I can trust you."

Roxy's father, looking her in the eyes with genuine compassion, took the opportunity to begin repairing their damaged bonds. "Of course you can trust me. After all, I'm the only one to willingly enter into a contract with your side of the family. My side of the family, the Bridles, are too militarized. With so much hatred all day everyday, there's no space to be yourself. I let your father break my horn off and faked my death in the meadow before returning to the mansion and proposing a plan to deal with the tension between the Bridles and Greenfields. It's obvious that they'll eventually come back, and when they find out you're alive and well, it'll be an all out war. We simply can't take another hit like that, it would be the end of us. Your grandfather has grown old, I've lost my animalization, and your sisters cannot transform into true beasts like your grandfather could."

The officer took the moment to deliver some information and try to do a little covert investigating. "And there's no way to give your abilities back? We did find your horn after all. We'll be returning it to you once we figure out what's special about it."

"You have my horn? I thought it would've been destroyed in the battle. I was never able to find it."

"Probably because you couldn't sniff it out with your abilities missing. It made itself rather obvious to me." Interrupted Roxy.

"If I had my horn back, I could reunite with my heritage. That's what being animalized is all about! It's the beastly heritage that burns brightly in the center of your soul! I lost that when I lost my horn. I don't even think I'd need to have it attached, just knowing I have it back might be enough to get at least some of my strength back."

"Sounds like we have a game plan... If nobody has any issues, I think I'm ready to go back home. I don't mean to cut this reunion short, it's just that it's all a bit overwhelming. You're welcome to join us if you'd like!" Said Roxy, her eyes and ears finally back to their usual chipper.

"I think I'll take you up on that. I actually have a few things I need to return to your grandfather. I was going to wait until I was due to pick you up, but it seems it's time to speed things up a bit."

With that, Roxy and her sisters followed the officer to his car. They'd start on their way back while their dad gathered the items to be returned to their grandfather. He'd be right behind them in his own car. Little did they know, everything else was falling into place at the same time!

At the Greenfield mansion, a messenger from the Bridle family had 'just so happened' to arrive for inspection and to make sure there were no new children ready for auction. Naturally, this was met with protest from Roxy's mother and grandfather. The Bridle representative was invited for tea and allowed to wait until Roxy and the others returned. After all, her scent was all through the mansion. Nothing they could do to hide her any longer.

Damn it! Why now?! Of all times for them to just show up! Thought the grandfather. For the first time in over a century, he genuinely didn't have a plan at all.

"This Roxella, she's animalized is she not?" Asked the inspector.

"In a way, yes. She's inherited my feline appearance but lacks the abilities that would be expected to accompany them. It's like we've been saying in our letters, we're losing our animalization being so separated from the main family. There are no children for auction. Daisy and Stella feature no visible traits or abilities, and Roxy only appears feline... She doesn't have the powers."

"I see. I'll need to confirm this, but I see no reason this will be a problem."

The entire time, an intense staring match was unfolding. Surely this messenger still planned to take Roxy as a house worker or something similar. If she appeared feline, she'd attract quite a price at auction as a maid or servant.

Awkward silence filled the room as the staring match continued, the group completely unaware of what the mansion's staff was up to.

Without invitation or warning, the entire staff burst in all at once! They were wearing headbands with animal ears and belts with matching tails, with the headband and belts themselves being cleverly hidden. They'd used what Scott had taught them about creating and erasing scents to make themselves smell feline, and began masquerading around the room. It was utter chaos! Over 70 people were in this one room, screaming and shouting nonsense, everyone pushing and shoving! Throwing food and drinks everywhere, tipping over the furniture and keeping the level of chaos as high as they could, the staff had managed to separate their masters from the inspector.

Excellent! To think they did all this for me without even being asked! Time to show what I can do!

A horrible roar was erupting from the staff, completely covering up the lullaby being whispered by the mother and grandfather. Like a switch had flipped, the entire staff stopped their mayhem and left the room as quickly as possible. The inspector found himself pinned under a couch and table, on the far side of the room from a true beast taking the form of a rhino over 10 feet tall, hunched over to fit under the ceiling. As the lullaby continued, the mother also grew tremendously! She became very spry, hopping across the room and landing on the table pinning the inspector to the floor.

A single scent filled the nostrils of the masters of the mansion. Mortal terror! With wide eyes and a body paralyzed with fear, the inspector simply fainted. He was placed on the front porch with a note on his chest for when he awoke. "Mess with dad and you mess with all of us. Have a safe travel back to your own territory and never again step foot on ours." A water bottle and snacks had been left to the side as a gesture of good will and an attempt to delay the war a bit longer.

"Glad that ended without a fight. I don't know how much I could've really done. I really don't feel like I've got much strength left, even transformed like that." Said the mother, having returned to her normal form.

"I agree. The lack of fighting was a let down, but at least none of us are hurt." Said the grandfather, taking several moments to calm down and fully return to his normal size.

Back at the police station, officer Carl had it all figured out! Discovering the sales into slavery and the true identity of Scott Greenfield, he radioed the officer that was accompanying the trio to visit their father. He reported his findings and stated that the horn was ready to be returned.

Unfortunately, the escorting officer had already left the city limits and was on his way back to the mansion in the woods with Roxy and her sisters. Officer Carl was instructed to bring the horn with him to the mansion, as he should present all of his information to the Greenfield family in person. Nobody knew of what was unfolding at the mansion.

Arriving at the edge of the forest, the group got out of the car and just talked about life at the edge of the forest. Once officer Carl pulled up and got out, he couldn't help but lock eyes with Roxy. A real life furry was right in front of him! Keep it together man! You're a professional, after all. You can do this!

Officer Carl took the opportunity to get his thoughts together before finally addressing the group. "Hello everyone. My name is Carl and I work for Brian here. I'm here to return this horn and give a report to everyone once we're all gathered at the mansion."

Ironically, this was the first time officer Brian had an introduction. He'd always just assumed everyone had read his name on the front of his uniform. I definitely didn't just forget to write his name earlier in the story or anything lmfao

"No need to be so formal man. We're all good here. Just waiting on Scott." Said officer Brian.

"I gotcha. Guess I'll just be over here." Carl took a few paces to the right and ran a search on Fur Affinity for Roxy... Meh... None of these look quite like her. And why are some of these showing housecats on their hind legs? Doesn't matter. I'll just commission someone to draw this once I'm off work.

Roxy's ears once again twitched, panning to the left as she turned her head to look down the road. Can't be... Must just be imagining it.

As the sound drew closer, she only grew more sure of what it was... Soon enough, Onyx was seen bursting out of the last turn before the straight section of road the group was pulled over at. For how fast he was going, Damien sure brought the machine to a graceful stop as he pulled over.

What's with all the police? I just wanted to return her clothes. Luckily, everything Damien had done to help everyone from Roxy to the homeless to the police and public services hadn't gone unnoticed... Neither officer said anything about the fact that he was going more than double the speed limit...

Roxy's ears twitched, her tail pointed straight up, and her eyes filled with cheer as Damien stepped out of his car. "Roxy! I brought you something. Had them fixed up at Stitch n Fit down the road."

Roxy took her clothes back, simply amazed at how good they looked! It was like the last 10 years of wear and tear never happened! For a moment she thought they might just be replacements, before realizing that there was still a hint of her scent on them.

"Thank you so much! I honestly needed a little cheering up with everything that's happened." Said Roxy, ecstatic to see Damien again!

"You're welcome! Something you need to talk about? I'm all ears if you're game." Said Damien, a look and scent of compassion and care radiating off of him. Honestly it was almost like the man had a calming aura to him.

"Uh, yeah... We all just learned a lot about our family today. Turns out I can transform into a beast, although I have no idea how I did it... And Daisy and Stella here can take on an animalized form. I don't know how any of us knew the lullaby that did it... We'd legit never heard it before... We just started singing from instinct I guess. I honestly don't know. Oh yeah, and we met my Dad!!!!! He's been running a cat sanctuary and lying low as part of some plan that went awry or whatever... I'm honestly not sure..."

"Your dad is alive! That's great news! Thought you'd be more happy about it though. Something seems off. You okay?"

"To be honest, I've been feeling a bit off ever since I transformed at dad's house. I didn't do it on purpose or anything, it just happened. I got huge and I sprouted paws with humungous claws on my hands and feet, my tail changed shape or something and I was overcome with an urge to just destroy... Honestly I don't know what would have happened if Daisy and Stella weren't there to stop me... Whatever lullaby they sang to get my abilities under control, it seemed to bring out their animalized forms. They sprouted ears and tails and everything!" As Roxy spoke, she went back and forth between being worried for her control over herself and being excited to meet her dad and her sisters getting access to their abilities. It was all so much at once, it was all running together in her head.

Damien just stood there, taking a moment to process what he was just told... She'd met her father, transformed into a beast, and something about a lullaby causing her sisters to transform... He just didn't get it, although it sounds like this lullaby had something more to it than just the words to a song...

Officer Carl took the opportunity to slip in a question. "Sorry to interrupt. This lullaby, it wouldn't be Ode to the Mountain God, would it? Roughly 300 words in Mountain God, should be about 400-410 words in Feline?"

I wonder if that's what it was... I missed the first part... "Hey Stella, Daisy, you too good? You haven't said anything this whole time?"

"Yeah I'm fine? Stella, you're okay, right?"

Stella was lost in thought. Somehow she'd remembered the lullaby... (Only the first couple verses are written below, They're in English for the purposes of actually being able to read it, as the song itself was in Feline.)

To the winds which caress me,

The blanket of snow which I wear,

The trees which cling to me,

The faraway yodel which I hear,

I offer my compassion,

I offer my heart,

I seek your compassion,

I seek your heart.

To those that climb me,

I grant you my hospitality,

To those that adore me,

I grant you my serenity.

The animals which cling to me,

To the soil which I wear,

The faraway village that amuses me,

The morning sung which I wear,

I offer my compassion,

I offer my heart,

I seek your compassion,

I seek your heart.

This kept going in Stella's head, leaving her completely unaware that everyone around her was worried about the vacant expression on her face and lack of a response to their questions.

"Stella? You still with us over there?" Asked Roxy, concerned for her little sister.

"What? Yeah, I'm good. I've just got this song stuck in my head and I can't get rid of it. Something about it just feels so familiar, as if it's calling me." Answered Stella.

"Well if it's that important to you, would you mind singing it to us? We'd love to hear it!" Said Roxy, curious what kind of songs they sang at the mansion that would've gotten her sister hooked on it.

"Uh sure... Here goes. To the winds which caress me, The blanket of snow which I wear, The trees which cling to me, The faraway yodel which I hear, I offer my compassion, I offer my heart, I seek your compassion, I seek your heart. To those that climb me, I grant you my hospitality, To those that adore me, I grant you my serenity. The animals which cling to me, To the soil which I wear, The faraway village that amuses me, The morning sung which I wear, I offer my compassion, I offer my heart, I seek your compassion, I seek your heart."

Roxy felt something burning deep inside her, as did both her sisters. No transformations this time... Instead, a deep and powerful connection to everything around them. They could hear the heartbeats of everyone around them, feel the rhythm of the forest, see scent trails running for miles, and most importantly of all, they saw the car their father was in. Only about 2 miles out, he'd be there soon.

"You're not gonna believe this. I saw the entire forest! Like one big heartbeat, I could see all the animals in it, follow their scents for miles, and I could even pick up on the heartbeats of everyone around me!" Exclaimed Daisy, realizing the song they all just sang was the same lullaby they'd recited back at their father's mansion.

Roxy went next, feeling like her announcement might have some sort of meaning to it... "I don't know how to say this... I felt a raging fire with the strength of 1,000 suns! I saw all the way to the mansion, felt the energy pulsing through the forest, heard the conversations of the Albatross to the east, and something else... A sense of control, as if I could've made the forest do what I wanted it to. I don't know what that means... If I asked it to, would the animals come to me? Sing that again!"

And so the song was repeated in entirety several times over.

Roxy stood still, summoning the burning fire within her. Every part of her being seemed to simply pause. Her ears didn't move, body didn't twitch, only her breathing remained. She began singing along, started a dance full of twirls and twists. Her long hair followed her and danced in the wind. Her movements caressed the ground under her as she moved without even disturbing the grass underfoot. Before long, even the gentle was in sync with her dance.

Simply amazed, everyone just watched as the trio recited Ode to the Mountain God over and over while Roxy danced along. Deer, bear, boar, birds, squirrels and all the other critters in the nearby sections of the forest had come to watch this beautiful dance, as if it was calling them. Stella and Daisy once again sprouted their animalized features.

Roxy had her eyes closed, but that didn't stop her from seeing that everyone within ears range had come to watch her dance! She felt a potent connection to everything around her. Even a pack of wolves abandoned their patrol to come witness the dance. With everyone here, a new chapter opened for the girls as a change in their singing was observed.

Without even realizing, when they finished the song for the third time and started the fourth, they were singing in Mountain God! Didn't matter that they were only feline, they'd become fluent in the languages of the forest and mountains around them.

Back at the mansion, everyone living there was overcome with feelings of joy and relief. An energy had flowed through them, calming their very souls and providing a new solution to old problems. Something about the energy felt very familiar, as if coming from someone they knew...

The inspector awoke on the front porch. He absentmindedly grabbed the note and supplies for his journey, paying no attention to any of them. His mind was on something else. He'd been summoned. While he couldn't hear the song itself due to the distance between him and Roxy, he felt it calling him. The forest around him seemed to guide him to the source of the song as if it was alive and conscious.

Arriving at the edge of the woods, he stepped between bear and squirrel alike and simply stared at this amazing sight! Two animalized girls singing in unison with Roxy, calling out to everything around her. Even the breeze was dancing in sync with her, blowing her hair around in unison with her movements. A true sight to behold!

After observing the song in its entirety, the inspector spoke up. "Greetings everyone, my name is Gelburt. I'm here in response to your summons, Roxella."

Stopping her dance, her hair falling back down to its normal position along her back, Roxy straightened herself up and stopped singing. Like a light switch had been flipped, the animals broke from their summons and returned to the forest. Even the wolves and bears paid the group no mind as they went back to what they were doing before they were summoned.

"Thank you for coming Gelburt. I'm aware of what happened at the mansion and need to have a word with you. The forest has told me everything, including why you came."

Wow! I feel so alive! That was amazing! Thought Daisy and Stella, just now noticing that their animalizations had not faded away like they had at their father's house earlier. They decided to step aside and explore their newfound abilities. They spent the next 10 minutes having the time of their lives! They could jump, sprint on all fours, react to what was coming up even when running at incredible speed, and best of all, they understood the forest around them!

"I noticed you were singing in fluent Mountain God. Where did you learn that? Even your grandfather doesn't know it. He straight up refused to learn." Said Gelburt, filled with curiosity.

"I'm not sure. Stella started singing and I joined in. Next thing I knew, I could feel the energy of everything around me, almost as if it was in sync with me. I honestly don't know how I learned Mountain God from that. Either way, I feel fully refreshed after that."

"The forest told you. To think you pulled it off so effortlessly, and on your first try. We haven't seen anyone with your kind of talent in over 500 years!"

"Well I guess you could say this was my second try. I found myself singing along to my sisters earlier today when I had lost control of my transformation... At the time, I didn't know what the song meant. I just know it felt familiar, and it seemed to calm me very spirit and focus my mind. Getting my abilities back under control was just instinct after that. The one thing I can't explain is the burning feeling that comes with it. I don't mean like I'm being burnt, more like a passion burning with the intensity of 1,000 suns. I can't say for sure how it makes me feel or what it means, but if it's what lets me do these things, then I'm not gonna worry about it any time soon."

"That's the blessing of the forest. When you fall in sync with the forest, it's only natural to feel its energy pulsating through your soul."

"Either way, did the forest tell you why I brought you here?"

"Yes, it did. I will head back right away and let everyone know what happened today. We have a new head of the family!"

"What?! No! I just want you to tell them to leave us alone! No more selling kids, no more showing up for no reason and stealing our kids, no more aggression towards us at all. Believe me when I say I'm more than willing to fight back."

"And believe me when I say we won't let it come to that. Surely the elder felt your song. I'll head back and let everyone know your wishes, although they probably already know."

With that, the messenger disappeared into the woods. Having stopped the song, he'd inadvertently missed his chance to learn Mountain God, and the forest offered him no aid in his return. Either way, he was more than capable of keeping himself safe on his journey back.

The horn no longer important to Scott, he told the officers to go ahead and put it back in the meadow.

"Well this certainly changes things. Wonder if I even need to make my report at all?" Asked Carl.

"Of course you still need to make your report. I'm sure they heard the song, but who knows if they understood any of it. Mountain God is such a complicated language that even I can't understand any of it. All I know is Roxy made a connection to the forest around her, and used it to communicate with the creatures in it and those with animalized heritages. And you heard what's his name say that her parents don't know Mountain God."

"Well neither did we until just a few moments ago." Said Stella, returning from their exploration of the nearby patch of woods.

And with that, the group made it safely to the mansion.

End of part 7.

*008*2023-01-13 15:14

Part 8! This part will finally give an explanation to what it truly means to be animalized.

I also realize the ending of part 7 may have felt rushed. This is because it all happened so fast to all of the characters in the story that they couldn't keep up with it, so I did the same for the readers. Roxy had made decisions on the spot, and had no idea what any of them actually meant.

Stella was the first to awaken, although problems seemed to present themselves right away... Her eyes wouldn't adjust to the amount of light in the room, the distant bird songs seemed so overwhelmingly loud, and her back was so stiff it wasn't even funny. She sat up in bed, stretching to try to reduce the tension in her back. Another set of stretches were done once she was on her feet, at which point her tail brushed against the back of her shirt and startled her! OH MY GOD I HAVE A TAIL! IT WASN'T A DREAM AFTER ALL!

Turns out that Stella's transformation had fully set in while she was asleep. The obvious things like the cat ears and tail were there the previous evening, but her dazzling upright pupils and the real abilities that come with her transformation were only just now completed and available for use. Just like Neo in The Matrix, Stella's eyes hurt bc she'd never used them before. True, she'd used eyes all her life, but these were different. The upright pupils proved odd... They adjusted to her mood just as much as they adjusted to the amount of light around her. Luckily, it didn't take long for her to get used to this.

Instinct that had laid dormant for her entire life was just now being activated! Not only could she see and hear like Roxy, but her nose had also become very sensitive... Man, she should really scrub her room. Not that it smelled like a sewer, but it definitely didn't smell fresh.

In the next room over, Daisy was having the same discoveries. She didn't have a headache or any difficulty adjusting to any of her new abilities. In fact, when she hopped up from bed, her tail naturally balanced her without her even thinking about it.

They'd both just gotten up and were realizing something else... The usual morning grogginess was simply gone. It'd been less than five minutes since they woke up, and they felt like they were at full energy and strength for the day. Little did they know, this was just the tip of the iceberg... Those abilities were much more potent than either of them could imagine. No wonder Roxy knew where the snakes were and could navigate the forest at the speeds she sprints at.

"Ah-Achoo!" Having just woken up, Roxy got the feeling someone was talking about her... Whatever, it didn't matter... She had more pressing matters to attend to. Two new scents had appeared in the mansion while she slept, and they'd been in the hallway just outside her room. She opened her door and followed her nose down the hall. That's when she saw it, her sisters had kept their transformations from the previous evening, and their feline scents had already set in. I guess this means you'll be keeping those transformations... Gotta admit, it's nice knowing I'm not the only one that has a feline body.

"Morning! You two smell lively today!" Roxy said to Daisy and Stella, who were staring out the window at the birds in the trees. They hadn't even realized they'd focused their eyes on something only 6 inches tall and over 1000 feet away... Just as it should, their instincts had fully set in and they didn't even have to think to use their animalized abilities. But, this was something more. True, cats can hunt pretty well, but senses this refined were on a completely different level... In honestly, if the girls had time to get used to their new bodies, they might give Roxy a run for her money in a skirmish!

"W-What on earth does that mean?" Answered Daisy, honestly taken aback by Roxy's choice of words.

"Uh... How do I say this.......... Your human scents are completely gone. You've both got an aura of energy to you now."

"An aura... Of energy?"

"Yeah, like that restless feeling you get when you know you should be doing something."

"Honestly, yeah. Soon as breakfast is over, I wanna go exploring again! You had an amazing connection going yesterday, and I'm eager to see if I can do it too."

"You mean the song?" Hmmm... I really didn't do anything special... It just happened... "I mean, we could give it a shot and see. But in all honesty, I don't think I could explain it because even I'm not sure how I did it. It just happened. I remember getting lost in thought about this burning passion I was feeling, and next thing I know, I had synced up with the rhythm of the forest around me."

"That guy last night seemed rather shocked by the whole thing too. What I wouldn't give to have power like that..." Said Stella, trying to convince herself that her and Daisy might still have a shot at a display like Roxy had done the previous evenging.

"Really? That's not how I experienced it at all... There was a sort of flow... From the plants to the animals, the forest itself, even the air. Everything seemed to be working as one, and it had a rhythm to it. Almost like one big heartbeat... It was warm and comforting, and I'd love to do that again!" Said Daisy.

"To be honest, I think it'd be best if we waited until tomorrow to try that again. I just feel kind of off, like something's not right. I think my dance last night took more out of me than I'd like to admit..."

"I thought something was off... You've been so full of energy up until this morning. That being said, it's kind of nice for things to slow down so we can just chat like that. Don't worry, I'm sure grandfather knows something about why you're not feeling right. After all, our abilities all come from him."

"Yeah, I'll ask him at breakfast. Speaking of which, we should head downstairs." Said Roxy, aiming her mind at the next positive note of the day. A nice big breakfast should help her get her energy back, no doubt about it!

And with that, the three sisters headed downstairs for breakfast. For the first time in her entire life, Roxy found herself actually using the stairs instead of simply jumping over them. She just didn't have the energy for it.

"My my! You three look amazing!" Exclaimed their mother, sitting at the far end of her table.

"It's good to see your transformations have been completed. You can bug your mother if you need any help adjusting to your new abilities." Spoke the grandfather, sat at the far end of the table. The usual boom was gone from his voice for some reason...

"Roxy, darling, where's that fire you brought with you yesterday? Are you feeling alright?"

"Mom, I need to talk to you about that." Roxy took a moment to explain what had happened the previous evening, and that she'd awoken with her abilities slightly lacking.

"You're low on juice, that's all. If you did what you said you did, then you used more energy in one night than I've ever had in my entire life! It's going to take a day or two for your abilities to restore themselves to their usual potency. What you described as a burning passion, we call that the Beastly Flame. It's the source of our animalization. You said it burns with the intensity of 1000 suns... Does it feel like it's gotten weaker since before your dance?"

"I can't really say. I don't feel it all the time. I only really feel it when I use my abilities like when I lost it and transformed into a monster at dad's place yesterday, and when we sang at the forest later that night."

"You used two different types of abilities back to back in the same day. Normally, you'd have run out of fire before you'd even had a chance to start your dance. But you also say you don't feel it when you're not using your abilities... I can't say I can relate... I'm really not sure what this means. For now, you'd better eat your fill! Your body needs as much as it can get in order to stoke your fire." All 3 sisters had stopped to listen to their mother, as this would likely be useful info for them too. It's likely that their abilities worked similar to Roxy's, if not the same.

"So basically, my fire's just tired? It's nice to know it's something that simple!" Said Roxy, regaining her usual pep in her voice.

"Listen here my grandchildren. There are four levels of abilities that come with being animalized. The first level is what your mother has. She shows the ears and tail, but she lacks the instincts necessary to use them to their fullest extent. She always feels her fire, because her body has to constantly stoke it to keep it going. I've shown her through how use her abilities, and that helped her greatly, but it doesn't entirely bridge the gap. Level two is what Daisy and Stella had before your dance last night. They don't show their features, but their fires burn bright. They're much faster and stronger than humans, but still lack the instincts of truly animalized people.

Level 3 is where you and your sisters are at now. Your flames burn strong, and that powers abilities like heightened senses, great strength and speed, and most importantly, the strong connection between yourselves and your flames gives you the instincts needed to use your abilities to their full extent. Level 4 is something that hasn't been observed in a long time, until last night. Roxy here achieved it for a few moments, although it seemed to consume a lot of her power to do so. At this level, your flame, your body and your mind all work as one. Like one big heartbeat, everything syncs up and you're able to summon incredible abilities like sensing the flames present in the plants and animals of the forest. Once in sync, a sort of interconnectivity forms. It's not unusual to be able to control normal beasts like the animals in the forest."

"So... If I do those dances every few dsays, do you think it'd make it easier for me, or do you think it would wear me down?"

"It should serve to grow your flame. I wouldn't do it too often at first. Once a week should be plenty for the first few months. You need to give your body a chance to keep up with how quickly your flame will grow when you do that. If I had to guess, you feel as if your abilities seem distant from you today, don't you Roxy?"

"Yeah, that about hits the rock on the nose."

"That's because your fire grew to a much greater size in such a short time. Your body needs time to adjust to that change before your abilities are back at full strength. In time, you'll find that 'full strength' will become more and more potent. If you can keep doing those dances for a year, you should be able to maintain level 4 continuously, just like how you're still in level 3 now despite being low on energy."

"I thought you said my fire needed stoked, and now you're saying it's already bigger? That doesn't make any sense."

"When I said it grew larger, I didn't mean it grew hotter or more intense. It still needs to work itself back up to its usual intensity, and that's where a good breakfast and plenty of rest come in. This afternoon, when you're feeling better, I'll show you through what I'm talking about."

"My my, what a lovely group of young girls!" Exclaimed one of the maids helping bring breakfast to the group.

Stella blushed at the idea that the staff here thought her ears and tail were so cute. Daisy just looked down in embarrassment, letting the compliment sink in and add to her newfound confidence.

Making sure to eat as much as they comfortably could, the trio headed to the main hall to discuss what to do with the day.

"How about a picnic lunch in the forest?" Proposed Roxy, trying to come up with something that would work for all of them.

"Sounds great! I'll have the maids whip up a set of lunches!" Chirped Daisy.

"That's the best part! We're gonna do everything ourselves!" Said Roxy, showing her sisters to the kitchen and asking the maids to show them where everything was and let them do their thing.

As the trio prepared sandwiches and packed supplies, they found themselves talking about the silliest things.

Daisy was the one to start it off. "Hey Roxy, you ever notice how much your tail moves when you're just walking?"

"Yeah. I'm more at home on all fours, but that's not that great in small indoor spaces or when I need to reach the tops of counters like right now. I use my tail for balance any time I stand upright."

"KInda figured. I know you run on all fours and you sleep in a crescent moon, it's like you do everything the way a regular cat would. It's honestly really cute!"

"Yeah, definitely! And the way your nose and ears twitch whenever literally anything happens. Like how your ears twitched when I opened the fridge and your nose wiggled when I opened the ham. It's just adorable!"

"Well you two look pretty cute yourselves! Bet you haven't even noticed you've been curling your tails when you told me about my ears and nose hahaha"

Laughing, the trio felt as if a lot of unease had been lifted away. They may not yet know what it meant to be animalized, but that wasn't going to stop their picnic! Besides, they'd find out soon enough.

The trio took a moment to inform the staff that they were leaving for lunch and would be back mid-afternoon.

Making their way to the forest, a chance came over them. Both little sisters began exhibiting the same behaviors as Roxy when she was in the woods. They took in all the smells around them, rotated their ears like satellite dishes to take in everything happening around them, and their irises repeatedly grew and shrank in response to movement around them. Without any of them even realizing it, they'd in fact been endowed with the same instincts as Roxy. No more snake problems in the meadow for these three!

"When we're out in the forest like this, it's important to be able to communicate with the animals around you. Come on, I'm going to teach you girls to speak bear." Said Roxy, filled with Determination to take every step she could to help her sisters make full use of their newfound abilities. Since the instincts towards the forest were there now, Roxy saw no reason they couldn't learn the languages of the animals around them.... Bear was always first on Roxy's mind in terms of safety in the forest since those meanies always started fights over territory. Being able to explain to the bears that you're simply passing through often times prevented the whole conflict in the first place, so it was vital that her sisters get this figured out for themselves.

Stella froze, her ears and nose fixed on something nearby. Multiple scents, multiple sets of heavy footsteps. A whole family of bear on patrol around their territory!

"Now's your chance! Get near them, but don't directly confront them. The first roar will be the start of the conversation. See if you can convince them that you're simply passing through and don't mean to encroach on their territory. And whatever you do, don't run away. I'll step in if you can't figure it out." Said Roxy, giving her sisters a push towards a small group of trees.

Once they'd taken a few steps forward, they saw them. Six bears all lined up, staring at the two sisters only about 20 feet from them. 'Twas only a couple seconds before the largest one stood up. With a heavy thrust and gigantic footsteps, he took two steps forwards on his hind legs and let out a roar at the two sisters.

"What do we do Stella? I don't speak bear!"

"Me neither, we'll just have to figure it out like she said!"

Another couple steps forward, and the father bear let out another roar. This time, it sounded like he had something to say. Getting only bits and pieces of it, the two girls were sure there was a message to be heard. They let him continue his approach and roar again. That's when it started to make sense!

Bear wasn't based on words and syllables, it was based on the oscillation in one's voice paired with their movements!

Stella was the first to take advantage of this, attempting to send a peaceful message. She stood tall, let out a gentle roar filled with understanding while she stepped to the side, as if saying "I'm not here to mess with you, but I'm not backing down either."

The father bear returned to all fours, returning a gentle roar filled with thanks for not starting a fight.

"Did... He just thank me for staying out of his way?"

"Got that right girl. Your roars were a little on the weak side, but you got your message across and that's what matters. Now come on you two, let's get this picnic started!" Said Roxy, congratulating her sister for her first successful conversation with wild animals!

"I have no idea how you figured that out so quickly. I didn't hear any words from either of you." Said Daisy, still confused as to how her sisters had gotten the bears to move on past them.

"Bear is one of the hardest languages to learn because it's not based on words. It's based on the combination between the tone of your roar and your actions. Stepping to the side and roaring without any aggression sent a message of cooperation. This told the father bear that you don't intend to start trouble, and he continued on his patrol without any issues."

A language without any words... How strange. I would've never figured it out. Thought Daisy, amazed at her sister for taking care of the whole situation without Roxy having to step in.

"I may have gotten the message across, but that was still terrifying! He's like 9 feet tall!" Said Stella.

"Yep. That's about how I first learned. I got tired of them bullying me around and decided communication was at least worth a shot." Said Roxy, hoping this moment would sink in for her sisters. This sort of communication without any violence is the key to syncing up with the forest. Whether granddad thought it was possible or not, Roxy was laying the foundations for her sisters to achieve animalization level four. Even if they could only do it for a moment at a time, it was proof that they had the same potential that Roxy did.

Finding a sunny clearing in the trees, the trio opened their baskets and began their picnic. They found themselves talking about how the forest seemed to have a flow to it. Nothing was placed arbitrarily. This tree was here because it belonged here, and the same for the rest of them.

Good. I figured our little excursion would be enough to get that connection going. A strong connection to nature is essential if they're ever going to be able to do what I can. Thought Roxy.

"You seem like you've got more energy to you now than you did this morning. That's good, right?" Said Stella, noticing Roxy's ear and nose movements had become more pronounced in the last ten minutes or so.

"Yeah, definitely. Whatever had me feeling worn down earlier is completely gone now."

"That's great! Glad to hear you're feeling better!" Announced Daisy, cheering herself up after being bummed about not learning bear as easily as her sisters had.

"You know what else is great? Whether you realize it or not, you two have a good flow going right now. Your connection to the forest is growing stronger and stronger! Shouldn't be long before you're able to dance like I did! I haven't told granddad yet, but I intend to show you two how to do it. But first, you need a strong foundation to build on. A strong connection to nature is important, and it'll serve as the first part of our foundation. Next, you'll need to refine your feline abilities. There's no way your bodies will keep up with a dance like that if you're not strong enough to endure it. Hell, look how it knocked me down for over half a day!"

"Yeah, but the important thing is that you're feeling better now." Said Stella.

"Of course! And I've also noticed something else about you two today."

"Hmm? What is it?" Said both sisters, now giving Roxy their full attention.

"You're both so focused on me that you haven't noticed what's brewing. We should head back before it starts to storm." Said Roxy, again reminding her sisters that they'd need to keep improving.

"Sure. Let's pack up and head back." Said Daisy and Stella.

As they walked back to the mansion, a cluster of ominous clouds became visible in the distance. A thunderstorm was coming!

"I see it now! But how did you know all the way back there?" Said Stella.

"How indeed.... I guess it's something you just get used to. If I had to explain it, I'd say it's something to do with changes in pressure and humidity. That'll tell you where the wind will be born and which way it'll blow. The same is true on a larger scale. Large, sudden changes often indicate that storms are coming. Notice how the breeze has stopped, and there's an earie silence to the forest? Even the bears have gone back home."

Now that she'd mentioned it, all three of them had noticed these changes. Daisy and Stella simply didn't make the connection between these subtle changes and the presence of storms.

Arriving back at the mansion, the group unpacked their baskets and left the cleanup to the maids. They sat down the the main room and had a lengthy chat on what all this meant.

While Daisy and Stella didn't fully understand everything Roxy was saying, they'd grasped the basics of what she was trying to teach them about how to use their abilities. It's important to remember that they must each figure out what these abilities meant to them, and how they'd use that to strengthen their minds and bodies. Roxy often times found herself leaping great distances simply because she liked to. She was completely unaware until today that that behavior was her flame reaching out to her and asking her to continue to kindle it by growing her abilities. And this proved to be just the case.

Whether she grew noticeable amounts of muscle or not, her ability to leap further and further never stopped improving. Her senses of hearing and smell and her upright pupils which adapted to the situation around her, they all helped her develop a strong connection to the forest around her. It was this connection that opened to the door to her abilities as a level four user of her animalized abilities. Even if she could only use them for short periods right now, she was sure that her abilities would grow in time. She explained this to her sisters by pointing out that their ears and tails had appeared briefly at their father's house, before finally becoming permanent after they sang next to the road. It was the repeated use of their abilities that cemented them as a part of who they were.

None of them knew that their mother and grandfather were just barely in ears range, and they were so proud of their children! To think they'd progressed this far so quickly! And even more impressive, Roxy had returned to full strength in under a day!

Nobody knew that Roxy's flame had grown even brighter when she was teaching her sisters about the forest. Only recently had she been enjoying using her abilities. Before these last few days, her abilities had been what kept her alive. Suddenly, they were a source of joy and confidence!

If she continued to develop her abilities, she might unlock another level of animalization... One long forgotten about. Even her father and grandfather did not know of the existence of level five.

You see, the way Roxy and her grandfather went about achieving level four were completely different. Her grandfather forced himself on the forest itself, using the power of his Beastly Flame to give birth to the wind and shape the battle as he saw fit. This worked for the situation he was in, after all, raw power was what he needed back then if he was going to keep his family safe. What he didn't realize was that forcing your abilities to do what you want them to do will wear them down, and his flame had lost some of its intensity since the battle. No matter of training or repeated uses of his abilities would restore it to its former glory. He'd lost the spark of joy that came with using his abilities. At this point, they were weapons and shields for keeping his family safe.

For Roxy, her abilities were a great source of pride and joy! Her way of achieving level four was very different. She did not force anything to happen. She fell in sync with the forest, not the other way around. It was the energy of the forest that flowed through her. The only energy she spent was used in broadcasting her thoughts to summon the man who'd arrived from the Bridle family. Having unlocked a new level of abilities and having enjoyed using them had stoked her fire to a new intensity!

Her abilities were getting sharper, her control over them was improving at ungodly speeds, and she was well on her way to level five. If achieved, level five would teach her what this fire truly was and where it came from, as well as how and why it was created.

For now, the conversation continued on how they all felt about their abilities and what that meant to them. This was the first time that Daisy and Stella had paid any real attention to the burning passion within them. Sure enough, it had grown by leaps and bounds within the last day and a half.

End of part 8.
