Roxy - Friend Turned Family

Author: Daredare205

*009*2023-01-19 04:37

Part 9! Three month time skip after part 8.

Damien and Travis were at home. Having restored Travis' car to its original beauty and performance, the two found themselves trading cars when going on trips.

"Weird. Seems you have to launch quickly to get a good start without the clutch chattering... So how does Damien start slowly AND smoothly? The clutch never chatters when he's driving, yet he's not accelerating any faster than the traffic around us..." Uttered Travis, somewhat frustrated that this was his fifth trip driving Onyx, but he still didn't have the launches smoothed out like Damien did. Uphill launches proved even more difficult. Travis often times found himself either almost stalling and having to stop and try again or launching so aggressively that the car would lurch forward furiously...

Meanwhile, Damien wasn't having any trouble with Travis' car. It's true that a Chrysler Towncar is very different from Onyx, with the former being large and heavy and the ladder being small and light. But that didn't stop him from getting it smoothed out in just a couple minutes.

More importantly, the two were nearly at their destination! They'd seen an ad online for help wanted from a rich family only about two hours away, and the payout was amazing! Over $2,000 to help them move valuables, and Damien had managed to score an extra $200 by offering to chauffeur the daughter as she moved to another of the family's mansions. Arriving at the mansion, they had no issue getting past the front gate. They drove for over half a mile before arriving at a circle by the front door.

Parking at the edge of the concrete circle, the duo stepped out of each others' cars and introduced themselves to Kelsey, a beautiful young girl in her mid 20's. Standing at 5'3" and 145lbs, Kelsey definitely caught the eyes of everyone around her! Her perfect ass and breasts were just the right size to tighten the fabric of her pants and shirt without looking overly large. Her mesmerizing blue eyes could cut through the very essence of one's heart and her jet black hair reflected the sun with a brilliant radiance! Simply beautiful!

"Hi, I'm Kelsey! You must be Damien! It's a pleasure to meet you!" She said, extending a hand towards Travis...

"Uh, I'm actually Travis. I know the text said that he owned Onyx, he just let me drive it here. I gotta say, you're in for a good ride once he gets behind the wheel!" Said Travis, trying to keep the situation from becoming any more awkward than it already was. Two guys in two cars at a rich persons mansion picking up a beautiful young girl and her belongings... Couldn't get much more awkward, yet something kept the situation flowing.

"I see you've met Travis. I'm Damien. Pleasure's all mine!" Said Damien, walking over to Kelsey and reach out to shake her hand.

Having exchanged pleasantries, the conversation shifted to the job at hand.

"I'll have you know everything in those boxes is expensive. Everything heavy has already been moved by truck, this is just my personals that didn't fit. I expect you to take good care of it." Said Kelsey. Despite her choice of words, she spoke in a rather pleasant tone.

"Yep. We've read through everything you've sent us. We already know what we're dealing with. Looks like we have about a 3 hour drive ahead of us. Best we get moving as soon as we're ready. It's just warm enough to put the top down too!" Said Damien, filled with excitement!

"3 hours? It's easily a 7 hour drive to the Bridle estate! What do you mean 3 hours?"

"I'm being generous at 3 hours. Probable won't even take that long. I'll help Travis load everything into his car, then we'll be on our way. You need to grab a drink or use the restroom before we leave?" Said Damien.

"Yeah, I'll grab a drink before we head out. Be right back!" Said Kelsey, disappearing through the largest front door that Damien and Travis had ever seen.

Three hours is being generous? I picked back roads on purpose... I know he competes in series 3, but there's no way he can do that casually on roads he's never driven before. This'll be more fun than I thought!

"Lucky bastard! Hope you know that if you make that drive in 3 hours, you'll use all $200 in gas easily!" Said Travis, taking a playful strike at Damien.

"Yep. That's why I requested $200, you egg." Said Damien, taking a jab back at Travis.

The two started giggling like schoolgirls... It was nice to have a day like this. Nothing on the agenda but a high paying job with barely any effort required. Driving was natural to Damien, so he didn't need to do anything special. As for Travis, he was just glad to help. Driving or not, he didn't mind. Although he had bought a dash camera and camera surveillance stickers for his car so that nobody would mess with Kelsey's stuff when he stopped for the inevitable restroom break. 7 hours would be too much to drive continuously. He'd have to stop for one thing or another before he reached his destination...

Having just closed Travis' car doors and making sure everything was secure, the two young men turned to see those enormous doors opening once again. Kelsey stepped out, walking over to Damien and eying up his car. Onyx sure was a beauty. It definitely showed after he'd done a few touch ups to her polish and applied two coats of ceramic coating. He then polished the ceramic coating. She shined like a gem! Kelsey had no idea she was about to get in a true monster or that the man behind the wheel was truly fearsome when he was focused!

"Ready to go, Kelsey?" Asked Damien, taking another moment to admire the beauty that was standing in front of him.

"Yep. By the way, I'll put $100 on your 3 hour estimate. Google Maps says 7 hours!" Said Kelsey, trying to get some of her $200 back by the end of this.

"I'll raise the stakes. You can have the phone to yourself. No need for me to see the gps screen, just tell me where to turn. If we make it in 2 hours and 30 minutes, you'll owe me double. If we can't make it in that time, you won't owe me anything!" Said Damien. He wasn't just showing off, he was truly confident that he'd still have a wide margin to set whatever pace he'd like while still reaching their destination in such a short time.

"You're on!" Kelsey couldn't believe what'd just happened! She was going to get to experience a whole day away from her family, racing through the woods, and she'd get the whole thing for free!

"Only one condition. You added a stop for lunch. That doesn't count towards the time. Go ahead and make a timer for two and a half hours on my phone. We'll pause it when we get to Hoss's and resume it when we leave. Timer starts when we pull out of your main gates." Said Damien, showing he was truly confident in his bet.

"Yeah, that's fine. You've got yourself a deal. We're each paying for ourselves, right?"

"Yeah, that's cool. Now get in while the engine's still warm. We've gotta get started with a good pace if I'm getting my double payout!"

Wow this thing really takes off! I thought it was a sports car, not a race car!

"Hey, I thought you said this car only qualified for Series 3? You've got enough power for Series 2 in this thing!" Said Kelsey, realizing why Damien was so confident in his ability to maintain such a pace.

"It doesn't qualify for Series 2. They don't allow convertibles or open top cars. Hard bodies only, for safety reasons."

"And is this harness really necessary? It's a bit more cumbersome than a seatbelt..."

"It's for your safety. Onyx will pull 1.8G's when I throw her sideways uphill, and there's no way a seatbelt would keep you from sliding to the side of your seat or maybe even into the door."

"Wait. You mean, 1.8 times my weight will be pulling me into the side of the seat?! That's insane!"

"That's Michelin Pilot Sport tires for ya. I've adjusted the suspension on this car to match the rough surfaces on most back roads, so she might feel a bit bouncy. Don't worry about the impact noise, I'm sure we'll hit the bump stops on some of these jumps!"

"JUMPS?! What are you planning to do?!!!"

"I plan on staying above 100mph as often as I can! Don't worry, I'll slow down if I feel it's not safe to stay at that speed."

"Well, we're almost out of town. You'll have your chance to prove yourself here in about half a mile!"

Kelsey took the opportunity to down half of her Sobe Lifewater, adding to the orange juice, milk and hot tea she'd already had that morning.

There's no way he'll be able to maintain that kind of pace. He'll just burn himself out in an hour or so... And I'll keep my money!

"I saw on your racer profile that you have Chromesthesia. I looked that up and Google says that means you can see sounds... What on earth does that mean?"

"It means that every sound that enters my ears comes with a distinct color. The lowest sounds I can hear are deep blues and appear at the bottom left of my vision while the highest sounds I can hear are vibrant yellows and appear at the top right of my vision. They're mostly see-through. Louder sounds appear larger and more colorful as well as slightly less see through. I also have Asperger's syndrome, which is a form of Autism that gives me a very technical mind. With that and my Chromesthesia working together, I just naturally fall in sync with the machinery around me. I don't drive by making the car do what I want it to do. I take time to figure out what it wants to do, then I go from there. Believe me when I say that even at 150mph, I'm still fully in control and I'd never go that fast if I didn't feel safe. You've got absolutely nothing to worry about. We'll be at Hoss's in under an hour."

Damn. Looks like there's a monster behind the wheel, not just under the hood. Wonder if he'll make it in 2 and 1/2 hours... Shit man I don't wanna pay $400 for a ride through the woods!

Leaving the four lane roads of the city, the two found themselves on beautiful country roads! They rocked back and forth, some of them didn't have good width lanes and the shoulders were falling apart. And the turns! My god the turns! These hairpins up the side of half pint hill were brutal!

"JESUS CHRIST DON'T FLIP THE DAMN CAR" Cried Kelsey, getting thrown into the side of her seat. Luckily, the seats in question were Sparco racing seats with raised sides and hip and shoulder supports. Not like poor Kelsey was going to leave the seat or get thrown into the door or anything.

"Calm down, we're fine. That was inner wheel lift, it's where you transfer the car's weight to the outside wheels while accelerating. That takes the weight off the inside front tire and you can actually pick it off the ground by about 2 inches. That tensions the sway bar and increases traction on the other front wheel. It naturally balances itself out. It's getting back down on all 4 wheels without slamming into the ground that takes practice. Said Damien. He spoke in a very loud voice to overcome the wind but was not speaking harshly.

"We're turning right at the top of the hill! Mountainview Road. It's more narrow than this, so be careful!"

"I gotcha, we're fine."

For a moment, Kelsey could've sworn she heard the car revving up while they were slowing down! And once they were down to about 80, Damien slammed back on the gas, now down to 4th gear! Oddly enough, he immediately let go of the gas and began tapping it repeatedly. Sounded to Kelsey like he was focused on keeping the RPM right where it was at.

The two cleared the right turn at 80mph, quickly acceleration back up to 140mph!

"Hey! How'd you do that shit where it was revving up while we were slowing down?"

"I hit the brakes with my toes and kicked the gas with my foot. I was clutched in with my left foot the whole time. It's called heel toe downshifting, and it does a lot for saving time when setting yourself up to enter turns."

He uses all 3 pedals at the same time? I thought you'd need 3 feet to do that... More importantly, there's no way I'm saving any money. Jesus Christ, this guy's a real monster behind the wheel!

Only 10 more minutes of intense driving went by before the duo arrived at Hoss's. They'd hit the halfway point in only 55 minutes!

Pulling into the parking lot, Damien asked Kelsey to pause the timer on the phone. "Something smells toasty!" Exclaimed Damien, still high on adrenaline from the drive.

"Smells like it's burning up! Just don't blow it up, we've got another 130 miles to go."

"That's just the smell of hot brakes. When she'd lean forward before those downhill turns, I guarantee you the rotors were glowing yellow. Don't worry about it, they're rated for those kinda temperatures."

"If you say so."

"We'll wait here for a couple minutes while she cools off. It's actually pretty warm here now that we're out of the mountains, and it felt like the turbo and intake were starting to heat soak."

"Yeah, I've got no idea what that means." Said Kelsey, simply amazed by the fact that Damien hadn't broken a sweat and was still so full of energy!

"It means that the pieces that cool off the air coming into the engine are a bit hot. Once they cool off, she'll be back to full power."

"Wait. When did this happen? You were driving so fast the entire time and the car wasn't at full power?"

"It happened once we got out of the mountains. That's why I was using the lower gears and keeping her revved up. She lacked power at the mid RPM range because she was breathing in rather hot air. Come here and feel for yourself. Put your hand next to the charge pipe here. Just don't touch it, she's HOT."

"Yeah, that's damn hot. I can feel the heat from over a foot away!"

"That's why she's low on power. I'll leave the hood up on the latch when we go in so she can continue to cool off." Said Damien, lowering the hood until it clicked onto the latch but not closing it the rest of the way.

"Well I don't know about you, but I'm starving! I haven't eaten anything since 6:00 this morning!" Said Kelsey. For context, it was now 12:30 in the afternoon.

"Yeah I could use a bit to eat as well. Gotta keep my energy up for the rest of the drive there!"

"Just don't eat so much that you get sick. You drive REALLY fast!"

"Really? I never even hit her top speed. She'll do 182mph, but I never broke 150mph because I didn't think it'd be safe on those narrow roads.

The two walked in to Hoss's, finding there to only be a small line for the counters.

"You should try the Tender Tips! I usually get them medium rare with mashed potatoes and broccoli." Said Kelsey.

"I've been here before. I usually just get the soup and salad bar. They're endless, and I don't have to wait for a meal to be prepared."

"True that. I think I'll do that too."

"Sounds good to me. Looks like we're up next!"

"Booth please!" Squeaked Kelsey, so excited to be eating regular food instead of that rich people stuff she always had put in front of her. Not that it wasn't good, it just gets old. She'd gotten bored at her parents' mansion, and that's why she was moving... Or at least that's what her messages to Damien and Travis had read.

"Listen, Damien. There's another reason for this job. I heard you're the one that pulled Roxy from the woods awhile ago."

"Yes, that was me. But how do you know about that? The police keep everything quiet, since they have some sort of agreement with the Beast Tamer or whatever he's called."

"Please. I'm well aware of what's going on. Roxy has attempted to summon me a few times, but she's not gonna get me to just mindlessly come to her. She's not the only level 4 around here. It's her recent attempts to summon us that've gotten more worrisome. You see, when an animalized person summons another, they sort of put their flame on display... I don't know how to explain it. Thing is, I've never felt a flame like hers before. Calm, controlled, yet burning with the intensity of a million suns. It used to be a brilliant yellow, then it turned blue when she first achieved level 4 when she was singing on the side of the road. Now, it's almost completely white. I've never seen of felt anything like it. If it wasn't so calm, I'd probably be terrified of it."

"Are you talking about the Ode to the Mountain God? Isn't that song meant to bring out one's animalized abilities?"

"No, that's not what it's for. It's for controlling them. One should be able to bring out their abilities on their own. We recite the song from time to time to keep ourselves in check. Losing control of our abilities could be disastrous, especially for someone with a flame as potent as hers. You see, that flame powers our abilities, and continuing to use our abilities kindles our flame. In other words, it's just like exercising to build up your strength before a body building competition."

"I see. I do have one question though... Are you animalized? You don't look like it."

"I'm a Chameleon. I can control whether or not my features are visible."

"Amazing!"

"Yeah, I know! I went to a human school and everything! Nobody knew at all. Well, nobody except for Kevin. He got the snot beat out of him when he threw my books in the men's room."

"Sounds like your flame isn't lacking either."

"Not at all, mine's on the hotter side. I have to recite the song at least once a month just to keep it in control."

"Wait a minute. Roxy had never heard that song until her sisters sang it earlier in the day before she sang it. There's no way she uses that to control her powers. She was in full control when I first met her."

"No, she wasn't. She was wild. I know about her nearly attacking Travis and about her killing the farmers' father."

"She, didn't say anything about killing anyone..."

"That's because she's probably afraid of her power. There's no way she'd want to admit that she'd lost control and murdered people."

"Yeah, I can definitely see that. She is a rather spontaneous person."

"That's what worries me. Her flame is changing too quickly. If this continues for much longer, it'll grow to the point that it'll be uncontrollable."

"I thought you said that it felt calm and controlled?"

"I did. But it burns with such intensity that I don't think it'll stay that way for long. She's been pushing to level 4 several times a day recently. I swear that a couple days ago I felt it continuously for almost 6 hours. She may think she's growing her powers, but she's walking on thin ice. If she were to lose control of such a potent power, it'd tear her abilities to shreds. In other words, her flame would burn so violently that it'd blow itself out and she'd lose her animalization."

"And you think you can stop this?"

"Of course. I am a Bridle after all. The Greenfields aren't the only ones to achieve control over themselves. That being said, many of the elders back at great grandfather's mansion still run on instinct and start fights any time they can."

"Okay, I have a question for you. Are you sure Roxy isn't doing this on purpose? It sounds to me like she's on her way to achieving another level of her abilities."

"I'm sure. There's no such thing as a level 5. Level 4 is when your flame syncs up with the lifeforces around you. That's true control over your flame. That's as far as it goes. Trying to push beyond that has caused many catastrophes. Some of the fights that ensued have had hundreds of casualties, like the one that separated the Greenfield branch from the rest of us. That was great grandmother. She tried to find a level 5, and lost control of everything she'd built up until then. For a few minutes, she was the embodiment of unstoppable power, then it all started going wrong. She forgot who she was, her flame got all twisted and blew out, and she lost her animalization. She came back bruised and battered, and slowly went blind before sinking into disease and she eventually passed away as a human. We held a proper burial and everything, hoping she'd be able to move on. That being said, she doesn't have a very good legacy."

"Trying to grow your powers by over-exercising them leads to a loss of control... Seems like you might be right. Sounds like level 4 is as high as it goes."

"Indeed. I'm a tutor in controlling one's animalization. I wonder if Roxy sensed that at some point and that why she's been trying to summon me..."

"Either way, we should get something to eat. We're not going to make any progress figuring this out or driving back on empty stomachs."

"Yeah, let's eat!"

Back at the Greenfield mansion... Roxy had indeed been achieving level 4 on a daily basis. A few days back, she'd almost kept it going from sunrise to sunset.

Naturally, everyone at the mansion was amazed with how quickly Roxy was improving! She could jump so high even her father's hawk vision would lose track of her! She could sprint at over 100mph! And she had enough stamina to do both of these things all day, every day.

The day that she'd maintained level 4 for 6 hours, she'd had a new experience. She'd heard a voice from the forest itself. It startled her and she lost her concentration, slipping back down to level 3.

She ran back inside to tell everyone what'd happened!

"I found something new! I heard a voice from the forest! It was potent, like the strength of the entire forest was behind it! And there was a vision with it. I saw dad, granddad, and a few people I've never met before."

"Can you describe them? It sounds like the forest is trying to tell you something." Said her grandfather, perplexed by Roxy's new findings.

"Some seemed far away and I didn't get a good look, but there was one that was really close! She's in her mid 20's about 5'3" and she has some sort of half invisible tail... Weird eyes too, they didn't always look the same direction..."

"A chameleon. That sounds like Kelsey. She's a Beast Tamer from the main family. I've heard of her... She keeps her features invisible and lives among humans. She possesses a strong flame and was the only animalized person to be born in level 4. From what I hear, she's never left level 4. She sings Ode to the Mountain God once a week to keep her abilities sharp, but otherwise doesn't use her abilities. Wonder what it means that she appeared to you..."

"I'm not sure. It seemed like she was surprised to see me though..."

"You're sure she saw you?"

"Looked right at me, seemed startled when I first connected with her."

"Interesting. Well, whether we want it or not, we've got her attention now. No doubt she'll be paying us a visit in the near future. Roxy, I want you to continue your practice in level 4. If this goes south, you'll need to be able to overpower little Kelsey. Luckily, your level 3 abilities are incredibly strong. Here's hoping we don't end up with a fight on our hands..."

"I don't think she'd pick a fight. She seemed more concerned than anything else..."

"Concerned about what?"

"I'm not sure... I lost our connection after about 30 seconds..."

"Well, that can't be helped. It was your first time. I'm surprised you were able to see anyone that clearly at all."

"Yeah... I'll try again tomorrow."

"Fine be me. Just be ready. We don't know when she'll come, but there's no way she'll ignore us now."

"Okay..."

"Cheer up sis! Come on, the maids have dinner ready!" Exclaimed Stella, trying to lighten the mood a bit.

"Yeah, I'm starving!" Said Roxy, trying her best to cheer up a bit.

The group had a humongous dinner and Roxy nearly fell asleep right there at the table. She'd found herself tripping on the stairs and everything. That connection had taken more out of her than she thought...

In her dreams, she saw Kelsey again. Roxy had a full conversation with her and got some more information on who she was, what she wanted, and when she was coming. Without missing a beat, Roxy woke immediately. She yelled for staff to come help her and told the maids what she'd found out. She only got about halfway through her story when her legs simply gave out. Roxy collapsed onto one of the shorter maids, nearly knocking her over. Roxy felt like crying! No part of her body wanted to work right, and she had no idea where all this panic was coming from! She hadn't even realized that she didn't finish her story.

Before any of the maids could do anything about anything, Stella arrived at the scene. She'd sensed something was wrong and ran right over, still in her bra and panties...

"Roxy, listen to me! You've gotta calm down! You'll lose yourself like what happened at father's house..." Said Stella, rushing over and hugging Roxy as tightly as she could. Tears formed in Stella's eyes, eventually rolling down her cheeks and landing on Roxy's cheeks.

Roxy too began to cry, her feeling starting to return to her arms and legs. The staff could've sworn the air in the room seemed to shudder for a moment, as if something was controlling it.

"I'm so sorry... I just wanted to explain what I saw... I don't know what happened..." Said Roxy, speaking through a tight throat and eyes full of tears...

"C'mon sis, let's get you sat up on your bed." Said Stella, helping Roxy back to her feet before sitting next to her on the side of the bed. She continued to embrace Roxy, keeping her arm behind her big sister and around her far shoulder. The two sat like this for a few seconds before the tears stopped.

"Look, this is important. Kelsey is coming tomorrow. I don't know how she did it, but she pulled my memories in front of me like a movie. I think she saw all of it... Even what I did while I was at the farm. And she knows about Damien and Travis! I just don't want anyone to get hurt!" Roxy didn't realize she was continually getting louder, her voice sounding more panicked once again.

"Just take it slow... Calm down and you can tell us the rest in a moment. We're all here for you. Take all the time you need!" Said the shorter maid who'd caught Roxy just a moment ago.

Roxy took a moment to take a handful of deep breaths before she felt she'd regained some more of her strength.

"Easy does it. You're already looking a bit better." Said the short maid again, genuinely concerned for the young mistress.

"I'm okay, really. I really need everyone to know this. Kelsey considers herself to be a teacher, and she intends to come here to take away my animalization!" Exclaimed Roxy, still worked up but honestly relieved that she'd managed to get her message across.

"You're kidding! Is such a thing even possible?" Exclaimed Stella, taken completely aback by what her big sister had just said.

"I don't know how she does it, but she's able to blow out people's flames! She uses her abilities as a chameleon to blend in with humans and stays away from animalized people until she strikes and then quickly disappears again." As Roxy said this, the air once again trembled! Everyone felt it! It was definitely more pronounced than the first time.

"Roxy, I need you to try to calm down, okay? Hey Kaitlynn, can you go get mom please?" Said Stella, trying to take control of the situation.

Roxy was just a mess at the moment. Her ears were flat down against her head, her tail wrapped around her waist for some reason, and she was shaking something fierce!

By the time Daisy had arrived with her mother in tow, Roxy had once again collapsed. This time, she straight up passed out right after her legs gave out under her. She'd knocked over one of the maids on her way down and hit the floor HARD! Good thing they had all these decorative rugs in the bedrooms!

Stella was sat on the floor where Roxy had landed, devastated. She could barely breathe, tears streamed down her face, and her ears and tails kept shaking as if they wanted to disappear! With half the staff tending to Stella and the other half picking Roxy up and laying her on the bed, it definitely wasn't what anyone wanted to see in the middle of the night.

Daisy was the first through the door, rushing to Stella and pulling her into a big hug! "You don't have to tell me. Just calm down. It's okay. Look, we're all here!" Said Daisy, trying her best to comfort her sister as she slipped into a panic attack. Luckily, the attack didn't last long. Stella slowed her tears and calmed her shaking before looking at her sister with nothing but a potent fear in her eyes...

"ROXY SAID KELSEY IS COMING TO TAKE OUR FLAMES AWAY!" Exclaimed Stella as she started to collect herself a bit...

"I wouldn't worry about that. Nobody can truly blow out your flame except for yourself. Right now, we need to focus on what's important. Come on, you two need a good shower." Said the mother, motioning down the hall to the master bathroom.

They'd both been so worked up that neither realized it... Poor Stella had emptied her entire bladder onto the floor during the peak of her panic attack! The puddle had reached Daisy and socked into her pajama pants as well...

The two took a long shower, taking the time to collect themselves as they talked about everything that just happened...

"Mom, is it okay if we bring some chairs in? I'm not comfortable leaving Roxy alone right now. I'll sleep in her room with her so that someone's there when she wakes up." Said Daisy, being the first to come out of the restroom.

"Hey, you can't do that without me!" Yelled Stella, just finishing pulling up her new pair of pajama pants.

"Yes, yes, you can crash with Roxy. But only for tonight! I'll keep one of the maids just outside the door in case anything happens. Please let us know if anyone needs anything." Said the mother, asking the maids to bring 2 of the comfiest chairs to Roxy's room.

Naturally, the shorted maid that caught Roxy the first time was the first to volunteer to be on standby outside Roxy's room. She was just so worried about everything that had happened! And who wouldn't be? So much just happened so quickly, no wonder poor Roxy couldn't keep up with it!

What nobody there knew what that something within Roxy was changing while she slept... She dreamed of herself, how she'd have to fight the next day... Then a new dream occurred. A light guided her to the images of her ancestors, showing her the flames of everyone who'd passed their powers down... "I get it now" whispered a sleeping Roxy, not managing to wake anyone else up...

It'd now been 2 hours of sound sleep for the trio... Two hours of torture for the maid outside the room...

Why didn't I ask to go before I signed up for this.... Damn I'm a fucking moron... She thought, her hips swaying side to side as her knees rubbed together and her feet danced below her... She was in desperate need of a toilet, right now! She dared not leave the doorway, in case anything happened... She dared not yell for another staff member or she'd wake the sisters up... All she could do was wait, and she was running out of time...

Her desperation became more and more pronounced as the next half hour went by... She was now leaning her butt against the wall, bend over forwards, locking her knees together and constantly changing her footing as she desperately kept her floodgates closed! She was nearly to the point of tears!

Just then, another staff member came down the hall on their way to bring fresh teabags into the kitchen for the coming morning...

"Help. Can you just stay here for a moment? The sisters are still asleep, and I've gotta go RIGHT NOW!" Said the short little maid, doing her best to keep from yelling and waking the trio inside the bedroom.

"Uhhh, sure... Just, wait here in case they need anything?..."

"Yes! I'll be right back!"

The shorter maid disappeared down the hall, performing a sort of hobbled jog as her bladder churned and boiled within her! Finally reaching the bathroom, she pushed the door open and stepped inside. She froze when she saw the toilet...

PSSSSHHHHH! A hot jet escaped her and warmed her panties!

NOOOOO NOT YET NOT YET she told herself as she furiously grabbed herself, performing one of the most frantic pee dances anyone had ever seen!

Somehow, she'd managed to get her panties down just far enough to...

No time! She simply hover squatted over the toilet as her dam broke! She did her best to keep her maids uniform out of the way... She pissed a high pressure fire hose for nearly a minute before her stream slowed... She took time to wipe herself and the toilet before pulling her panties back up and flushing the toilet.

She left the bathroom and returned to her station, relieving her stand-in...

As the night turned to morning, Roxy stirred from her sleep... She kicked her covers off, grabbed some PJs, and curled up into her usual crescent moon before falling back asleep.

Another 6 hours passed, and Stella was the first up. She didn't want to wake anyone up, so she just stayed walked to the window and watched the morning birds... It would be another 25 minutes before Daisy woke up... She then joined Stella at the window and they whispered something about how cute Roxy was when she slept like that...

Within Roxy, a change was being completed. She'd met with her ancestors and they'd freely given her their power, stoking her flame to hitherto unheard of potency. They explained to her that she was ready for the next step. She was to have a large breakfast full of protein to regain her strength, then spend the rest of the morning in meditation... She needed to picture in her mind what it meant to be animalized... To have these powers... Only then would level 5 be possible. Level 5 wasn't fully explained to her... She would be the first to ever achieve it.

Luckily, she already knew what it took to get to level 5. One must have refined animalized abilities in at least level 3. Prior experience in level 4 is necessary but master is not required... One must be able to feel their flame within them... And they must possess a strong connection to nature... Next came the unknown...

Roxy woke up to two concerned sisters asking her how she was feeling...

"I'm okay. I feel like I did when I used up all my power singing that first night, but otherwise fine. Why don't we get something to eat. I have amazing news for everyone!" Said Roxy, keeping her meeting with her ancestors a secret for the moment. At breakfast, Roxy was surprised to see double the usual amount of maids. The previous nights' staff had stayed up to make sure she was okay! How great it felt to be surrounded by people who cared so deeply for her!

"Everyone, I have something important to tell you." Said Roxy, taking the moment to get everyone's attention before revealing her discovery.

"You don't need to worry about it. The staff already told us. And there's no need to worry about losing your abilities, nobody can take that away from you no matter who they are." Said the mother, doing her best to keep Roxy calm and keep her spirits up... She knew nothing about what the actual news was, or that Roxy was no longer scared of Kelsey.

"No, not that. I met my grandmother, and everyone before them. And granddad, I saw you when you had your full power. I saw everyone. They told me something important, a game changer." Said Roxy, quickly creating a silent room.

"You saw Tiffany?" Said the grandfather, wondering how this could've happened... Nobody had ever had this sort of experience before.

"I did. A light guided be through the family tree per se... Everyone had a chat with me and gave me what's left of their powers. I feel like my flame has grown substantially, despite me still feeling like I'm low on power after last night."

"That's amazing Roxy. My little miracle, you never cease to amaze me!" Said the mother, tears of joy forming in her eyes!

"That's not all. Here goes... There's a level 5. It's something that's passed down and granted, not something that's achieved through hard work alone... After breakfast, I'm gonna go sit up on the roof for awhile. There's something I need to figure out for myself. You see, everyone told me that I need to meditate and picture what my abilities mean to me before I'll reach level 5, and that it'll be a walk in the park once that's done. I think it's something that'll make sense once I get that part taken care of... At least, that's what it seemed like they were trying to say. They also said I'd be the first to ever reach level 5... So they're not quite sure what level 5 looks like or what abilities come with it. They just said I was ready." Said Roxy, continuing to amaze everyone in the room.

"Wow! That's amazing sis! You'll be the first ever level 5! I was gonna tell you last night... But then everything happened... I wanted to tell you that I got to level 4 yesterday! I only managed it for a few seconds, but I definitely experienced being one with the forest, feeling the flow of life around me, just like you said!" Exclaimed Stella, barely able to contain her excitement enough to stay in her seat!

"That's not fair. I'm always the last one to do everything... I couldn't figure out bear, I haven't reached level 4 yet, and I even missed your call for help last night... I don't know what's missing..." Said Daisy, trying her best to hold back her tears...

"Nothing's wrong with you. It's okay, really. You'll catch up sooner or later, I know you will." Said Stella, trying to comfort poor Daisy... She knew Daisy was right, but she'd rather put her efforts into helping her rather than admitting that Daisy was right... Surely there was some way to help Daisy out...

"If you two want to practice level 4, that's fine. I don't think it'd have any effect on my meditation. If anything, it might help me focus, knowing that you two are out there trying your best as well." Said Roxy, taking the opportunity to comfort poor Daisy and offer a lift to her spirits.

With that, breakfast was served and the group ate their fill. Roxy then climbed up to the roof and began meditating...

What do my abilities mean to me... They mean strength... Freedom... Power... They're part of who I am... I feel like I'm overthinking this... They mean... They mean... They mean I'm able to protect everyone around me!

A light once again entered Roxy's mind, once again guided by her ancestors. It guided her spirit to a great flame... It burned with a blinding intensity and blistering heat, yet it didn't hurt her eyes and it didn't burn her... It felt, familiar, somehow...

"Welcome, dear child. I am Montorus. Many refer to me as the Mountain God. I see you're finally ready to learn the secret of what your flame really is, what it means, and why I originally created Beastly Flames."

"I am ready."

"Good. Stay still, and let me show you."

With that Montorus disappeared. All that was left was the enormous light that was originally behind him... It seemed to be calling Roxy to it, and she answered in kind. As she got closer, it seemed to get brighter and hotter... That was it! This was the first one! This light was the source of the flames that all animalized people carry within them! Raw, limitless power! No... Power seemed like the wrong word... More like potential... Whatever it was, it sure was potent! Then it suddenly shrank, condensing itself into a humanoid figure! It looked Roxy in the eye and simple asked if she was ready.

"I am ready. I was ready the moment I came here."

"Good."

The light reached forth, prompting Roxy to do the same. Their hands touched, and the light began to merge with Roxy's very being! Nothing about her body seemed to change, but she felt a humongous change. She'd become so much more than just a person with animalized abilities...

All that was left was ringing in her ears...

"Hey... Hey... HEY!" Roxy awoke from her experience to see Stella desperately trying to wake her! Roxy hadn't left her criss-crossed position that she'd been meditating in... Something was different. She could see the very essence of who Stella was...

"You okay?" Asked Stella, looking at her with worry written all over her face... Not just that... Roxy felt everything Stella felt... She felt everything that Stella was... So this was a level 5 connection... It seemed, deeper....

"I'm okay, really. Why are you so worried about me?"

"There was a light... And then... I felt a change... I don't know how to describe it... Like you'd become someone else..."

"I'm still me. I'm Roxy. But I have gained someone... How do I say this... I met Montorus, the Mountain God. He gave me something. A gift. The essence of the pure light that created the first Beastly Flames that eventually came to be the flames we carry with us now. I don't really get it myself, but I know it's true... I can see you, in more ways than seeing you in front of me. I feel you, your flame, your feelings, your spirit, your very essence. I feel everything around me in that way now. It's as if I've become one with something new..."

"Awesome! Sounds like level 5 to me! If level 4 was feeling the life around you, then it makes sense that level 5 would be the ability to see what lies beneath that. The essence of what life is!"

"I couldn't have said it better myself! I gotta go tell everyone! Can you get Dai-, nevermind, I've got an idea..."

Roxy took a sec to hone in on a presence near the edge of the lawn, the very essence of what made the spirit that lies within Daisy. She called it to her, asking it to meet her in the main hall. There was going to be a meeting.

Back at Hoss's... Damien and Kelsey were finishing dessert when Kelsey suddenly dropped her spoon, her just froze.

"Everything okay? You've been off for a couple minutes now." Asked Damien, concerned for the wellbeing of his customer.

"There's a level 5" She said under her breath, just loud enough for Damien to hear.

"Did I hear that right? Something happened with Roxy, didn't it?"

"Yeah... For a couple minutes, I couldn't feel her at all, as if she'd disappeared. To be honest, I thought her flame went out. But I feel it again now... It's changed again. It's much more potent, and it's not alone. There's a presence along with it. I don't know what it is, but it's incredibly strong. It feels alive, but it doesn't seem to be a person... I have no idea what I'm sensing."

"Sounds like we should get moving again. Come on, let's pay and get back on the road."

"Yeah, good idea. I don't know if this presence is good or bad, or if that even matters... It feels like something... More... I don't know how to describe it..."

"Don't worry about it. Let's just get moving. Your choice if you wanna keep out bet."

"Nah, I'll just give you $200 when we get there."

"Sounds good to me."

And with that, the duo paid and hit the road once again. Damien put everything he had into getting there as fast as he safely could. Little Onyx got thrown sideways back to back, leaping off the road's surface over every crest, eventually reaching the woods where he first found Roxy in under 50 minutes. He's made the whole trip in 1 hour 45 minutes... That's gotta be some kind of record!

Before he could shut the car off, something incredible happened right in front of him!

The trees moved aside and the dirt flattened! A path was being made for them! Them followed it without question, simply wishing to see Roxy and confirm that she was okay.

Looking over, Kelsey saw that the forest was going back to normal right behind the car.

"This explains it. What I was picking up on was the Mountain God. This is his power at work. How on earth would a person end up with his power?"

"That girl. She never ceases to amaze me! Wonder if she still looks the same..."

"I have no idea. I honestly wouldn't be surprised if we got there and she was glowing."

"Me neither"

The two grew silent as they noticed another feat of incredible power! The meadow, it was just gone. It was all just forest now!

"I can't believe it! That meadow was the result of an injury to the forest, and yet it's completely healed in such a short time!" Said Kelsey, her mind running at 1,000mph as she tried to imagine what on earth Roxy had become....

"Just like I said. Always doing something incredible."

The two stayed quiet for the rest of the drive. Arriving at the edge of the mansion's lawn, the ground ceased to flatten itself. Damien took this as his cur to park here and walk the rest of the way. Naturally, Kelsey followed.

They walked to the front of the mansion, not even getting a knock in before the doors swung open. There wasn't even anyone there to open them! Everyone was down in the main hall, and that's where they were supposed to go as well...

End of part 9. Finale coming sometime soon. I've got a lot of doubles coming up at work and some budget stuff to figure out, so I probably won't be doing a lot of writing right away.
