Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 11

Author: Alexxx

*252*2013-05-24 02:22

{{: 

Of course I meant with the omorashi edited out. I have mentioned this to the author previously.

}}

And I remind you that the author responded to this previously ;)

(link to the omo-free, easier to read version

!)

Don't read ahead though! Usually you get stuff first, but they're a bit~ ahead of you. Be patient though, not only are you guys usually ahead, you get the better omo stuff included :3

*254*2013-05-29 20:29

How long had I floated on the water? It seemed like lifetimes; eternities of staring into the blurring stars. There were times where I felt like I was waking up, and there were times where I felt myself slipping away, but into sleep or death I didn’t know. I woke up again, and with no other choice, continued looking up into the night sky.

This…this is how I die.

I gulped with the realization as a smooth wave lifted my body slightly, then lowered it once more. Even staying afloat required some amount of energy, and I knew I wasn’t capable of it much longer. I took a deep breath, and shuddered.

I hope…I hope Josh’ll be okay without me.

I sniffed, instantly regretting it as pain coursed through my face. I cringed instantly, and more pain tore apart my muscles. I lost my steadiness in my agony, and accidentally turned, losing my buoyancy. My head went under first, greeting me with the awful, drying, salty taste of the cruel, uncaring sea. I thrashed - losing precious moments of energy I couldn’t spare – and finally righted myself once more, and took a breath of the sweet air.

Air I may not be able to taste soon…

Careful this time not to snivel, I let a tear fall from my face, and land in the endless seas. It didn’t matter. All I hoped was that Josh would be okay after I died. That he wouldn’t blame himself or Skarr for my-

“Statgggullllph!” A voice cried to my right, swallowing saltwater instead of finishing their cry. I carefully turned my head, but couldn’t see anything in the endless black. I did hear coughing and splashing though, until finally I could make out what the voice was calling out.

“STAAATIC!”

In my haze, I couldn’t tell who the voice belonged to; all I knew was that they were my friend…and maybe I wouldn’t die. They came over to me, but I still couldn’t make out who they were. A strange, mystical light from somewhere illuminated the waters…

“Static! Oh thank goodness. Grab my tail, and I’ll swim us out of here. And can you keep my fire from touching the waves? You don’t know how bad it burns!”

The voice washed over me, but I didn’t quite understand the meaning behind it. Hesitantly, I grabbed an offered tail, mesmerized by the bright flame before me. The creature was orange and had a muscular tail, and had curved, angular features.

“…Charmander?” I asked hesitantly, as he pulled me in a specific direction.

“Not anymore.” The creature laughed, though I could tell he was quickly getting exhausted. Despite his fit appearance, it was likely he didn’t swim often, being a fire type. The Pokémon drew another shaky breath, and continued his relentless pace across the waves.

“Nova?” I questioned, the current tugging me alongside him. “But…but you…you can’t swim.”

“I never said that.” Nova responded. “I just said I was…” he trailed off.

“Afraid. You were afraid of the water.”

Nova didn’t speak for a while. A part of my mind was worried I offended him, but I couldn’t hold on to the thought, and it slipped from my mind. After some time, I felt my grip begin to weaken, and I felt myself beginning to lose consciousness. I saw the Pokémon grab be my collar, and hoist me on their back as they continued the voyage…

“I am afraid. I guess…I don’t know. I knew I needed to do this to save you. I guess…some fears are worth facing.”

…I woke up, and we were on a beach. There were buildings and bright lights, and pretty things. I wasn’t walking…my feet weren’t moving. Something was carrying me…I didn’t know where we were going, but I wasn’t scared. I trusted it…whatever it was. When my eyes closed again, I didn’t fight it.

###

(Josh POV)

“Josh, Pokémon are incredibly resilient. I’m not sure what happened, but I’m sure Static-”

“Not now Sandy.” I held up a shaky hand, and pressed it across my forehead. “J-just…not now.”

We were in the emergency care unit of the Pokemon center. Sandy sat beside me, resting her head on my shoulders. Even if I didn’t want to talk, she knew the small gesture would at least calm me down some amount.

To my right was Wiggly, who was being uncharacteristically quiet. She held a somber expression, and hugged herself with her tiny paws. Skarr sat as a crumpled mess in the corner; his feathers unpreened, and his coat murky and unkempt. Nova laid beside me, wrapped in my jacket. Only moments earlier he had rushed Static to the Pokemon center. He was drenched with seawater, and barely had enough strength to hand Static over to the nurse before collapsing on the floor in exhaustion. I hadn’t even had time to thank him; all I could do was cover him with my jacket as he slumbered beside me.

Static looked…rough. They were stabilizing him now, and they told us that they would update us with results as soon as they had any new information.

I wanted to wake up Nova and ask him, but he was out cold. New information, while perhaps relieving me of some stress, wouldn’t help Static right now. Instead, I laid a calming hand on the now Charmeleon’s back.

Some time passed, and Sandy placed her hand on my shoulder to get my attention.

“Josh. Let’s get some rest, shall we? It’s past midnight. We can get the information in the morning.”

“You go. I’ll carry Nova as well, and put him in my bed.”

“No Josh. I won’t be able to rest with you out here.”

“And I won’t be able to rest while Static’s still…” I bit back what I was about to say. “Look. I won’t be sleeping tonight. If you have a chance to, I would take it.”

“And leave you out here alone?” Sandy looked at me with worried, forlorn eyes.

“I’m not alone.” I motioned to Skarr.

“He’s hardly suitable company, especially in a time like this! You need someone to talk to…or…not talk to, if you prefer.” Sandy pouted. “You need someone here.”

“And I’ll need someone tomorrow too.” I looked up. Sandy visibly flinched when I made eye contact – maybe she hadn’t expected to see my eyes? No doubt they were bloodshot…I probably looked terrible. “It won’t be an admission of weakness to go to sleep. You’re wrong – I don’t need someone. I need you. But right now, nothing’s happening. We’ll get more information in the morning, and i-if things go south…” I choked back a sob.

“Things won’t go south.” Sandy whispered, putting a reassuring hand on my shoulder.

“…then I’ll need you more than ever.” I looked back at her, puffy-eyed and all. “And, I’ll need to make sure you’re awake.” I smiled meekly, poking her in the ribs. She smiled. “Because I certainly won’t be.”

“You promise you’ll be okay for the night?” Sandy pleaded, one last time. I nodded. “Okay. I’ll carry Nova to our room, and set him on the one Myst is taking up. Tell me if anything changes, okay?”

“Of course. Take care.”

Take care? That was…an odd thing to say.

“Y-you too.” Sandy carefully scooped Nova into her arms, wincing slightly at his new found weight. Noticing her discomfort, I fished the room key out of my pocket, and walked her to the door, where I pushed it open for her. After a muffled ‘thanks’ from Sandy, I made it back to the lobby, where Skarr still hadn’t moved.

I walked over to where Skarr was lying and sat down next to him. Skarr looked up at me with wide, scared, guilt-ridden amber spheres that speaked the volumes he dared not to. I placed a hand on his metallic down, and rubbed it softly between my fingers.

"…You should hate me." Skarr concluded, after a long silence.

"I don’t blame you." I responded. Static wasn’t hurt because of him, it was some kind of outer influence; one I would learn about later when Nova or Static would wake up.

"You should." Skarr sulked, placing his head on the smooth, marble floor.

"You couldn’t have foreseen this."

"No, but I could have seen Static, like you told me to."

"Don’t blame yourself for this."

"I have to." Skarr forced a grin, though I could tell it hurt him terribly. "No one else seems to be, for some reason."

"Because it’s not your fault."

Skarr turned away, and resumed his silent ways. I leaned against the wall, trying to stay optimistic, but deep within my soul fearing for the worst. Static had been there for so much of my life. He was almost a part of who I was now, and losing him would…

Losing him…

I took a quick breath, and stood up. Skarr whipped his head around, giving me a questioning gaze, as if to ask why I was leaving.

" I’ll be right back." I assured him. He nodded in understanding, and slumped back to the floor. I turned, and walked down the dimly lit hallway.

###

I shuddered, and clutched the sink with a shaking hand. There were dark circles under my red, inflamed eyes, giving my normal cheery green eyes a haunted, sickly appearance. I cupped some water from the faucet into my mouth, to wash out the taste of bile.

"Josh?" A hesitant thought prodded against my own from a consciousness outside the bathroom. I splashed my face with water, trying to get it to return to its normal color. "Josh, if I don’t hear from you, I’m coming in there."

"I’m fine, j-just give me a moment." I barked.

Calm. You never snap at people. There is nothing to gain from being short tempered. You’re going to go out there and apologize for that.

…after a moment.

I supported myself against the sink again, and sighed. I felt terrible.

I feel like I’m helping everyone else tonight. Why can’t I get mad!? Why can’t I be irrational, and get upset!? Skarr thinks I’m mad at him? I AM! This entire thing could have been avoided if he had just FUCKING listened! And Sandy! She knows I’m grieving, but she would rather lie in bed then-

Deep breath.

I realized I was crying again.

‘You’re being irrational.’ A voice in my head spoke.

‘NO SHIT.’ Another one answered. ‘My best friend could DIE. He might already be DEAD.”

‘Then that’s when you need your friends.’

‘S....s-shut up.’

My rational side was right, of course, but it didn’t help matters. I coughed into the sink again, and rinsed out my mouth one final time before heading outside.

"Josh?" Skarr asked hesitantly. He was standing outside the bathroom, with a look of concern on his face. "Are you okay?"

As soon as the words left his mouth, he cringed expectantly. We both knew the answer. If my eyes didn’t tell the story well enough, the smell of bile told it well enough. Skarr cringed expectantly, ready for a fury of words asking how he could be so foolish to ask if ‘I was okay’. I sighed, and slipped out a mint I got from the service desk.

"Yeah Skarr, I’m okay."

I knew what he meant, of course. ‘Okay’ now had a new meaning. ‘Okay’ didn’t mean everything was fine, or that I was happy. ‘Okay’ didn’t mean that I wasn’t crying, or throwing up in the bathroom sink. Okay now meant ‘are you stable enough to be alone; are you safe? Are you a danger to yourself’, which the answer was an uneasy yes. Skarr nodded, a guilty expression once again crossing his face.

"T-that was phrased poorly on my end…" Skarr gulped, shrinking away.

"I knew what you meant. Want to go sit down again?"

"…Yes please."

And we walked back to the lobby and sat, with fear and hope coursing through our thoughts like the wind on a stormy night...

###

“…j…sh…jo...sh…Josh!”

My eyes regained focus, and I looked up to see a concerned nurse eyeing me from across the room.

“I’m sorry…” I sighed, and shook my head. “I didn’t quite catch what you said.”

“I said he’s ready to see you.”

“Static?” I breathed a sigh of relief, and bounced up from my seat.

“No, sir. Static’s doctor.”

“…Oh.” I felt deflated. The happiness of the moment was stolen from me, and replaced by a similar hole that had slowly begun to drill its way into my heart.

I felt hollow.

“Follow me.” The nurse motioned.

We walked for a short time down a hall. Once we had walked for five minutes or so, she stopped abruptly, and looked to the side. I matched her gaze, and noticed a large viewing window to my right. It appeared to be a surgeon’s room, filled with various medical equipment. A monitor display was present and giving signs of a weak yet beating heart. I hesitantly pressed closer to the glass. The patient was hooked into several different machines, with more than a dozen different cords flowing out of their body. The body was covered, and was far too small to be human.

A small yellow thunderbolt tail hung loosely to the side of the table. I closed my eyes, and focused on my breathing.

He’s Static. He…he can make it through anything.

“This Pokémon was beaten relentlessly, burned, mutilated, and mercilessly harmed.” The nurse spoke in a low, monotone voice. She glanced in my direction with uncaring, cold, heartless eyes. “He never should have been able to withstand this abuse. How his body has held up this long is beyond me. He should have died a while ago.” The nurse turned back to the window, and put her hand on the glass, as if to touch the sleeping Pikachu, or put a warm hand on the patient’s shoulder. “From his wounds, I have no doubt that there were times he wished he could have died. Perhaps it would have even been for the better. I can’t picture the kind of mental scarring someone would collect from this kind of abuse.”

Her words made my insides rot, as if I was being slowly consumed from the inside.

“C…can I s-see him?” I asked, on the verge of tears.

“Why would you want to see that Pikachu?” The nurse hissed with unprofessional scorn. “He’s not yours.”

“What!?”

“Your Pikachu is in one of the recovery rooms.”

My sadness and guilt turned to anger, and I faced the nurse with teary, bloodshot eyes.

“Is this some kind of game to you!?”

“Game.” The nurse turned away, and stared at the Pikachu beneath the sheet. “No, this is certainly no game to me, trainer. I hope it isn’t to you either.”

This nurse has wasted enough of my time.

“I want to see Static.” I demanded.

“Funny; he wanted to see you as well. First thing he said. Not ‘give me more morphine’, not ‘Why am I in the hospital’, or even ‘Thank you for saving me’.”

“Where’s his room?” I growled menacingly.

“Room 224. Find it yourself; I’m not walking you there.” The nurse turned around, and walked away.

I pushed away my scorn for the odd nurses actions, and bolted down the hallway, and up the stairs.

Static was awake!

The thought instantly calmed me, and released my tensed up muscles that I hadn’t realized had been stressed for so long.

…He’s alive. Static…Static’s alive.

I choked back a happy sob. But no—now wasn’t the time for that.

First, I need to see him. First I need to make sure it’s HIM, make sure he’s okay, and make sure he’s not hurt anymore.

Room 224. Here.

I swung open the door, and saw Static lying in bed. He was half covered in the sheets, but from what I could tell, he looked surprisingly good. There was a bandage wrapped around his forehead, and a sling around his waist, but he looked healthy and vibrant. Upon seeing me, he jolted forward, but some kind of restraining device held him in place. His eyes were as big as I had ever seen them, with a mixture of relief and pure joy.

“JOSH!”

“Static!”

I ran forward, and hugged him as gingerly as I could, careful not to aggravate the injuries to his side. He however didn’t have any reservations, and squeezed me as tightly as his little paws could.

I noticed he was crying. He didn’t let go, and held me with all of his might. All I heard was a small sniffing sound, mixed with the quiet hiccup of a sob.

“I though…I thought I wouldn’t wake up, Josh…” Static whimpered, clutching my sides as he shook.

“You’re here now, Static, and you’re okay. You’re okay now.”

After a few moments, he calmed down, and released me from his miniature grip. He instantly wiped his eyes – hurt or not, Static wasn’t one to openly show emotion. This small, perhaps childish act reassured me. No matter what had happened, Static was still himself, even if he was shaken.

“Can you talk about it?” I asked, sitting on the bedside next to Static. I noticed his left paw was cuffed to the bed, and the resulting skin around static’s arm was an agitated red.

Why would they cuff him to the bed? Was he on some kind of dangerous medication, that made him unstable?

“Y-yeah.” Static sighed, and nodded slowly. “But…it’s hard to tell. Can we bring everyone here first? I don’t…I don’t want to tell it more than once.”

“Of course. Let’s wait some time though; I think the others are sleeping right now. I know I could certainly use some rest…”

“Me too, I feel like gar-” The word Static was about to use was lost, as tears welled up in his eyes once more. “H-hey Josh, um, c-could you…”

“Sleep here for the night?”

“J-just for tonight…” Static shook.

“Of course.” I got up and turned off the lights, then flopped on the mattress next to Static. He curled up by my side as much as he could – the restraint seemed to be digging into his arm quite a bit. Thinking quickly, I got out a small Swiss-Army knife from my pack, and dug at the lock mechanism for a moment. After a second or two, I finally disabled the device with a satisfying ‘pop’. Static rubbed his paw appreciatively, but looked at me confusion.

“You…you broke it.” He concluded sleepily, starting into my eyes with concern.

“I fixed it.” I smiled. He grinned, and curled up against me. I sighed one final time for the night; one final, content, sigh.

Static was safe…

*258*2013-06-07 03:09

"…and his tail smashed into me, like, really hard." Static continued his tale. I stood by his bed listening intently, trying to push away my spite for Rough, or Overdose now, as he preferred. I would let him finish his story, but immediately after I would report this to the authorities. This kind of set-up was inexcusable, and I shuddered to think about the amount of Pokémon that had lost their lives to this type of abuse. The only thing that kept me rooted in place was the fact that Static needed me right now.

Static continued talking, occasionally getting lost in the competitive aspects of the battle, but then finding himself again, and shuddering about the whole experience. I didn’t know what drug they had injected him with, but once again, this was a question for a later point.

Static stopped for a moment. "Josh?"

"Yes, Static?"

"Um, can I have a cup of water?"

I bit my tongue. Even if just for a second, Static was beginning to sound like Nova. It wasn’t like him. He was never timid, or at least, hadn’t been in years.

Overconfident and perhaps proud – never skittish. What Overdose did to him shook something inside Static pretty hard to bring this side of himself to the surface.

"Sure, bud." I stood up, and got a water bottle from one of my bags. Finding it empty, I left the room in search for a water fountain. Upon walking out the door, I nearly bumped into the same nurse from before.

“Excuse-” My mind automatically began apologizing for the slight social violation before I saw whom I was addressing, and how disturbingly close she was to the door. “…were you eavesdropping on us!?”

“As if you didn’t realize that.” The nurse scowled.

I gave her a disbelieving look before turning my back to find the fountain.

“I’m not done talking with you.” She spat.

“Do you have news about Static’s condition?”

“No.”

“Well, then I’m done talking with you.” I ground my teeth and continued to walk. She jogged to catch up to me, and turned to me with an angry glare.

“So, how much of that was rehearsed?”

“Excuse me?” Perhaps it was my lack of sleep, or all the stress I had been under, but I was beginning to notice my near-limitless patience for others was draining dangerously thin.

“You know, the whole ‘captured’ storyline your Pikachu gave. It was quite endearing; him playing the part of the victim, and your other Pokémon – Nova was it? That went and swam two miles to rescue him. Truly touching, if it weren’t all a lie.”

I turned sharply, and took a deep breath to steady myself. “My Pokémon aren’t telling lies.”

“And yourself! Perhaps the best actor of them all.” The nurse took a step closer, and jabbed a finder into my chest. “Tearing up at his story, and staying with him as he slept, instead of going to your room. You cover your tracks well.”

“What do you want?” I looked at her with angry incredulity.

“Nothing.” She shrugged, suddenly complacent. “Why would I want anything? Well, I do need one thing. Now that your Pikachu is healthy, you need to leave. Now.”

“What is your definition of ‘healthy’? He’s in more than one cast, and clearly needs bed rest!” I noticed my voice growing in volume, and made a mental note to calm down. I felt my pulse begin to quicken.

“Doesn’t matter. He’ll live, and that’s all I’m obligated to do. We need the room.”

“You do NOT!” I shouted, then quickly steadied myself. “You have dozens of open rooms!”

“Those are for other patients.”

“They’re unfilled! Aggravation of his injuries could take months to heal, if not years!”

“That isn’t my concern, trainer. Get him out of the room.”

Unintentionally, I looked the nurse up and down. It was instinctual; some kind of primitive chemical instinct that triggered before a conflict. She was average height but thin – weak around her upper body, with little muscle to support her frame. I clenched my fist, and stood firm.

“I won’t let you.” I said simply. My breath quickened and my pulse began to race. I had never felt like this before – adrenaline spikes sure, but this was different. I felt angry. Not upset, not disappointed, pure, undiluted anger. The rational part of my mind was screaming at me to get away from this situation before I did something I regretted, but the other side knew I needed to stay and hold my ground.

“Oh? You think you intimidate me, trainer?” The nurse cooed, leaning against the wall.

The last rational point of my mind relinquished its control. I dashed at her, and smashed my fist into the wall next to her face. The wall tore open, releasing a spray of dried paint and drywall. I removed my fist from the wall, and gave her the most intense glare I was capable of giving. Her smirk was erased as her eyes widened in fear.

“Yes.” I growled in a voice that I had never used before. “I think I ‘intimidate’ you. Now let’s get something clear. You will not be releasing my Pokémon until is he is fully healed. I don’t know who you are or how you even became certified to become a nurse with your attitude, but I swear, with every fiber of my being, if you hurt him I will break you.”

She struggled against my grip. I didn’t realize I had grabbed the collar of her shirt in my rage. I released it, never breaking my glare from her eyes. She looked back, terrified yet confused.

“Y…you care about him?” She mumbled back, looking at me with bewilderment.

“Of course I care about him!” I yelled. “He’s my best friend!”

The nurse went quiet for a moment, and stared at the floor. When her gaze turned back to my eyes, she looked different. Not jaded and cruel like before, but meek, and almost…

…broken.

“Do you know what Pokerus is?” She asked, with a hint of a quiver in her voice.

“No?” I felt myself calm somewhat, and my head begin to clear. “Is it some kind of medicine?”

“Hardly…” She sighed, and rubbed her forehead. She couldn’t have been more than thirty, but suddenly she seemed much older. The cruelty in her eyes was replaced by a look of pain.

“What is it then?”

“A drug. Well, Pokerus isn’t just in itself, but mixed with other chemicals it is.”

“Why are you telling me this?”

“Traces of Pokerus were found in your Pikachu – Static, is it? – that indicated he had taken the drug in the last few hours.”

“I wouldn’t say ‘taken’, I would say ‘was injected with’.” I felt a bit of my anger return.

“My apologies.” She took a step back, and bowed her head.

“What does this drug do?”

“Causes selective muscle degeneration, bone decay, skin discoloration, nausea, cancer…” She began listing off the side effects. After a moment she stopped.

“But most of all, it prevents Pokémon from fainting.”

I blinked. “What? So what, are they just invulnerable?”

“No. They’re just capable of fighting to the death.”

I took a breath, and began processing what I had learned. A piece of an unfinished puzzle tore at me like a hangnail, frustrating me until finally the pieces snapped together.

“That Pikachu, in surgery. He’s yours, isn’t he?” I stated firmly. After a moment I realized what I said was rather blunt, but I didn’t care. She looked back at me, and shuddered.

“Actually, no.” The nurse shook her head. “I would never have been part of that arena.”

“If you knew about the arena’s existence, why haven’t you alerted the authorities!?” I demanded.

She bit her lip, and I noticed tears beginning to form on the edge of her eyes.

“Were you paid!?” I demanded, taking a step closer to her. She shook her head. “Does the law enforcement already know, and are corrupt?” Once more, she shook her head. “Then what? Why haven’t you told anyone?”

“B-because they’ll…they’ll kill her.” The nurse broke down completely, sobbing in the hallway. I was slightly taken aback by her extreme show of emotion.

“Who? Who will they kill?”

“C-charity. My Blissey.” She choked.

Now the pieces slid together. I still didn’t know how the Pikachu downstairs played a role in any of this, but I had more information.

“You found out, and they took her, and threatened you with her death if you spoke out.” I concluded. She nodded timidly, tears rolling down her face. “You thought I was with them. You thought I did this to my Pikachu on purpose, and expected your help, despite what ‘we’ did to you.” Another nod. I offered her my hand, which she looked inquisitively at.

“What are you doing?” She asked, starting at my hand.

“Helping you up. We’re going back to the room, and we’re going to figure this out. Come on.” I lifted her to her feet, and we ran back to the room.

###

Everyone looked up when I came back to the room. Static gave me a quick look of confusion at the empty water bottle in my hand, but then a knowing glace once he saw the determination in my eyes. I turned to everyone, and took a quick breath.

"The worst may not be over for us all." I announced. "A Blissey is trapped down there, possibly being forced to fight like Static. I’m going to go down there and rescue her. It’s early in the day, and it’s not likely-"

"BULLSHIT!" Sandy shouted. "You’re not going down there! Josh, you’ve hardly slept, and you couldn’t stand in a fight against a Pokémon! Especially these, they’re trained killers!"

"I’ll go." Static nodded, and tried to shift out of bed.

"You will NOT!" Sandy shouted. "You’re in multiple casts, and you’re terribly weakened!" I made a motion to move. "Neither can you Josh! You’re both being ridiculous!" Sandy snapped at us.

"Let me go." Myst said quietly.

"No." I said instinctively. "It’s not-"

"Josh. Think for a moment. Who else can get in there stealthily? For you it’s a matter of luck; hoping no one will be there. For me, it’s a matter of skill. I take the form of a commoner in the arena, find the Blissey, and return. If I am spotted, I simply change forms until I am not recognized. Simple."

I opened my mouth to object, but I couldn’t find a reasonable objection.

"Tell me where to go, and I’ll go now." Myst nodded.

"Myst, I can’t send you out there after what happened to Nova. I don’t trust this with anyone but myself. If something happened to you-"

"-Which is why I don’t plan on something happening to me." Myst stated firmly.

"Are you sure about this Myst?" Sandy asked. Myst nodded.

"No!" I shouted. "I don’t give her permission. I’m her trainer, and-"

"You’re also not in the right frame of mind." Sandy said calmly. My mind burned with the anger from before, but the rational portion of my mind won me over, and I sat down and began evaluating my behavior. Had I been reckless? I started feeling numb.

"Alright. Let’s start planning then. Wiggly, you know where Static traveled, right? You can get there?"

"Yes!" Wiggly nodded.

"Good. Lead Myst there. Wait for her outside, and alert ANYONE at any sign of trouble. Stay safe. Actually, better yet, I’m going with you. Safety in crowds. Nova, you’re also coming with us. You got a good view of the arena, and you’re going to describe it to Myst as we walk. Once we get there, we’ll be standing right outside, as inconspicuously as possible."

"It’s actually below the city." Nova pointed out. "We would have to stand in the alley, while Myst traveled down."

"Very well. Myst, you’ll scream as loud as you can if the situation gets out of control, and two of us will come down while the third alerts the police. We should resist alerting the police for now, in case anyone from the arena catches wind of it, and decides to honor their agreement with the nurse. Everyone ready? Let’s go." Sandy nodded fiercely, as if she had done this a thousand times. Her eyes were dedicated, and demanded respect and loyalty. My Pokémon were obedient and efficient in her hands.

No wonder she had become a Master so quickly.

They left, and the numbing feeling continued to grow. I felt powerless. Sandy had made a wise choice in cutting me off from the plans. As much as I loathed the thought, I was the weakest link here. Even if Static was brought along, he could hold his own despite his injuries. He would hurt himself of course, but he would be better in a fight then a human. The only thing I could do was yell for help.

…yell for help…

The thought left a bitter taste in my mind. I waited a few minutes after Sandy and the rest had left, and turned to Static. He was resting quietly on the bed, even breaths exiting his small, weakened frame.

Good.

I turned to Skarr. Like I presumed, he was a mess. An outer expression of inner turmoil. I probably agreed I didn’t look much better, but that wasn’t an issue right now.

"Skarr!" I thought roughly in a commanding voice. Skarr’s head shot up at attention, despite his gaunt, haunted appearance. I didn’t use this tone often, but when I did, I expected to be obeyed. "I need to leave. Now. I need you to look after Static, and ensure his safety while I’m gone."

Skarr bent his neck meekly. Now that I could see his frame, I saw how disheveled he really was. Although I got some semblance of sleep last night, it was likely he didn’t gain any at all. His eyes softened at my request, and cringed with guilt.

"You would trust me? With his care?" Skarr whispered in quiet disbelief.

"I would trust you, because I know you will not fail." I stated. Saying such things left a terrible taste in my mouth. I was very empathetic by nature, and I realized the implications of what I was saying. Although on the outside it may have appeared I was only saying I had confidence in him, there was a darker, implied notion. The words ‘this time’ haunted after my phrase, though I did not wield them. It wasn’t necessary, because I knew he still felt their weight.

"I won’t." He nodded gravely. I turned swiftly and left the hospital.

*261*2013-06-14 18:07

(Overdose POV)

The sun burned against my eyes. How long had it been since I had the displeasure of being conscious during the day? I loathed it. I loathed the sun, the bright sky, and the soft grass beneath my feet. Most of all though, I loathed the people I passed, humans and Pokémon alike. Their smiles scorched into me more than the abysmal sun, each of them reminding me that they knew nothing of the world underneath them.

The Arena.

That was why I hated the Overworld. My feet could no longer feel the touch of the grass, for they had hardened with the time only stepping on sharpened rocks and concrete. My skin would scorch quickly from the introduction to the sun that I had so long forgotten, and the sky was not the cool, black night I had come to know.

I kept my head down, and walked briskly to my location. Unfortunately, my form caught the eye of a gaudy, snobbish rich human woman. In seeing me, she held her hand over dramatically to her mouth, and gasped lightly.

"Oh my!" She thought only to me. "Honey, are you alright? You look dreadful. Are you hurt?"

Bitch, you don’t know the meaning of pain.

"I bit, miss. I’m actually on my way to the Pokémon center now. Could you possibly point me in the right direction?"

No reason to be rude, of course.

"Over that way – would you like me to walk you there? You almost look like you were beaten! Are you sure you’re alright? I’ve seen enough Pokémon to know when they’re hurt."

You think you know me? Come down to the arena, and I’ll give you a taste of what I am.

"No thank you." I nodded curtly. "Trust me. This is mostly from a birth defect. I’m mostly going for a check-up, to ensure my symptoms haven’t gotten worse."

Eat my lies, you ignorant piece of shit.

"Oh, well, if you’re sure, honey. Be safe, alright?"

"I will."

Idiot.

###

The automatic whoosh of the pokecenter doors greeted me as I stepped inside. The receptionist looked up when I walked in, and his eyes went wide.

"D-do you want me to call the nurse!?" He yelped, surprised. Interesting. He must be new. Usually when doctors saw me they wouldn’t bother to ask, and they would just attempt to grab me instead, and force me into a room. It’s a mistake they would only make once, but even so I expected it. His inexperience would make my lie easier.

"No thank you, sir. I just have a rare condition, but I assure you I’ve had my monthly checkup. I’m actually here for a friend."

"Oh." The receptionist relaxed somewhat. "Do you know what room he’s in?"

"Yes." I lied.

"Okay. Do come back if you’re experiencing any discomfort, alright?"

"Of course." I smiled back, my lies whitening my sharpened teeth. I turned and walked down the hallway, careful to walk at a calm yet quick pace.

He would be alive. Of course he would be alive.

I peeked in the windows of every room, hoping to catch a glimpse of the elusive Pikachu. Growling to myself, I moved silently from room to room. This would take hours. I half considered going back to the receptionist and asking for his room, but that would begin to unravel my carefully constructed web of fallacies. No, I would bear my inconvenience with my stubborn guile, even if I had to search every damned room.

###

Finally. You’d think I would have found him quicker, considering his room was ten times larger than the others, and had a giant windowpane looking into it.

After making sure no one was inside, I picked the door, and strolled within. He was a wreck. I knew pain, and I knew the agony he must have undergone to achieve the types of medication he was getting. He had multiple bags hooked into him, and machines at both sides, displaying strange symbols. His breath shallowly rose and fell, like the falling of the last leaf on a tree before winter.

My paw inadvertently kicked some piece of metal connected to a machine. I cringed at the unexpected noise, loathing giving away my stealth. Suddenly, he stopped breathing.

His chest gave way to a heavy sigh, and he suddenly shifted positions, sitting upright in bed. His eyes creased open, and a monitor to his side began to beep with an increased frequency.

“…Overdose.” He said simply, smiling a weak smile. “Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?”

“Welcome back to the land of the living.” I spat.

“You seem upset, Dosey. Lose a bet?”

“I almost lost-”

I almost lost a friend.

I held my tongue. “You’re an idiot.”

“Auuugh, but you should have seen it ‘Dose!”

“I did. I was there.” I growled.

“No. SEEN it. You saw it, but you didn’t see it, man.” The Pikachu’s eyes went wide as he grasped at something invisible. “I could feel it. The waves in my hand. I could taste it. I swear, one more dose and I could have summoned it. Think of it – a Pikachu using Hydro Pump. Never been done before! I would have been the first. Ever! I was so close.” The Pikachu slumped back into bed, with a dreamy expression crossing his face.

“It’s not worth you getting killed.”

“Psssssssssh!” The Pikachu laughed. “Dosey, you know we’re invincible. Death can’t even touch us.”

“Don’t call me that, Volt.” I ordered. Volt grinned, then looked at my face. His smile turned to one of bewilderment, before he caught himself, and gave me a smirk.

“Oh? Was the big, bad Overdose worried about me?”

“You almost died. You’re lucky I got you here in time.” I hissed.

“Almost died.” Volt rolled his eyes. “Everyone almost died. We – you and me, ‘Dose – we’re always fine. We’re the ones to stare Death in the face, and watch him blink.”

“What are you going to do next time, Hmm? What if I wasn’t there to pick you up, and rush you here? The Arena sure as hell wouldn’t have saved you. You look like hell, Volt. This is the third time this month, and I’m not going to keep doing this.”

“That’s rich, coming from you.” Volt hissed in turn.

“Excuse me?”

“At least I wear my pain on the outside, ‘Dose. Where’s yours, hmmm? I have broken bones, torn skin. Where is your pain, ‘Overdose’? Where do you store all your hurt?”

If he was anyone else, I would have broken him right there.

“Listen.” I growled dangerously close to Volt. “You don’t know me. You don’t know my story, or my pain. You don’t know what I’ve gone through-”

“Don’t give me that emotional shit, ‘Dose. We’re not girls. I mean your insides, man.”

His explanation caught me off guard. “What?”

“Your insides, ‘Dose. Where do you think all that shit you put in yourself goes, man? It’s a devil’s deal. I only take one dose before my fights, and I only fight like once or twice a week. You fight…damn. How much DO you fight?”

“Most nights, and I go a few rounds.” I admitted, shrugging casually.

Volt shook his head. “A few rounds. And you’re so nonchalant about it. Most only do one, maybe two a week. You go nearly every night, for multiple fights.

And I’ve seen them dose you. I only take one, you take like three!”

Five. I take five now.

“And,” He continued, “where do you think all that goes? I break limbs. I tear my skin. I bleed. Where is your pain? It’s on your insides, man. Your organs.

Your skin shows it. Show me a Raichu that color of gray. You’re not silver, ‘Dose. Your gray. People stop you and ask if your sick man, and that’s ‘cause you are. But you got the kinda sick they can’t heal. You keep this up and you’re just gonna…” Volt shook his head, unsure of how to continue.

“Hah.” I scoffed. “So you’re lecturing me now. The one that almost died. The one who’s blood I washed out of my coat a week ago.”

“I’m just saying, man. I’m still yellow.”

“Raichu are naturally orange gray, you idiot. Just because I’m a bit more gray-”

“Raichu are DARK orange. Not orange gray, not even a hint of gray. And you’re more than a bit gray ‘Dose! You might as well be the color itself! You’re sick, man. You’re sick.”

“I don’t need the drug idled mind of a lunatic making my life choices.” I rolled my eyes, and prepared to leave.

“Drug idled! That’s a bit hypocritical!” Volt shouted as I left the room. “Your namesake is DRUGS, ‘Overdose’!” Volt yelled into the hallway. “It’s not a joke anymore, it’s a warning. You take more than anyone else! One day you won’t be able to take it, and then you really will live up to your name!”

I ignored him, and kept walking.

###

As I walked down the hallway, I noticed myself continuing to check in the rooms. It was partially a nervous tick, and partially a habit due to all the time it took to find Volt’s room. After the third time I tried to stop myself, but after the seventh I stopped caring. Soon I would be back home, in the darkness that I knew as my closest friend. The sweet embrace of-

I stopped suddenly, and backpedalled. The person in the room I just inadvertently peeked into sparked some ancient memory in the back of my mind…

…mixed with a not-so ancient memory of last night.

I took a step back, and looked through the window once more. My eyes didn’t deceive me; Snivel was sleeping soundly on a bed inside the room.

I killed you. You can’t swim. Even if you could, I broke your ribs and your arms. Maybe not your skull, but if I didn’t I came damn close. How the hell are you alive?

I quickly searched the room to make sure he was alone. To my surprise, he was. No one sat guarding him, and no nurse or doctor waited on him. Perfect. People couldn’t get wind that he survived, of course. It would ruin my reputation. And, on a more personal note, Snivel put me into this mess.

Then shouldn’t I be thanking him? I love the Arena, after all. It’s cruelty is what I am.

The thought crossed my mind expectantly. No, I wouldn’t thank him. The Arena was what I loved, yet it was a bittersweet thing. It stirred inside me like a temptress, hurting me and loving me with every movement. Yes, there was more love then loathing, but he still needed to pay for the pain he forced upon me.

But I won’t make it theatrical like yesterday. He’s sleeping. I sneak in, break his neck, walk out. Painless.

Nodding at my plan, I placed a paw on the doorknob, twisting it silently as to not disturb him.

Pain erupted in my temple, throwing the entire world into disarray. Colors swirled around me, and the shapes I had known became meaningless spinning colors. I tried to catch myself, but the smooth floor provided no traction, and I slid gracelessly across the turquoise tiles.

I blinked in rapid succession. The walls blurred, but they appeared. Quickly the world came back into focus, and I sprang up on my feet in one swift motion. What attacked me!?

It was silver. Not a punch or a kick either – it was far too precise. All the pressure of the blow was directed to a single point on my head, not diffused as if it was by a punch or kick. I growled to myself. I didn’t like getting into fights dry. Now I fought with doses. Fighting without my usual substance made me feel lethargic and hollow.

I looked up. A human stood a few yards away, wielding some kind of crude metallic rod, with an odd blunted head. The human stood tall, perhaps six feet in height. He was male and light skinned, with fierce orange hair. He was a trainer, and had multiple Pokéballs strapped to a belt that was nearly hidden by a red jacket. He looked unwell. His eyes looked dark, and they looked at me with an intensity I knew far too well.

I twisted my tail and smashed it against the floor, denting it, and sending a spray of sparks into the air. "To what do I owe the pleasure, human?"

"Cut the shit, Overdose. Why are you here?"

"To see a friend." I almost laughed. That might have been the first true thing I had said since I had awoken this morning, yet it still came out as a lie, and a threat at that.

"Static is no friend of yours." The Trainer positioned the metal rod at a threatening angle.

"Static?" I questioned. "Oh, you mean the Pikachu resting in that room? I should have pictured Snivel would have picked up a new name by now. You’re his trainer then, I presume?"

"You presume correctly." The Trainer hissed. I began circling him slowly, sizing him up.

"And you swam all that way to rescue your Pikachu, hmmm? You must be very dedicated…and very tired…" I trailed off, letting the implications imply themselves.

"I’m going to give you two options." He spoke harshly.

"Oh? Do tell."

"You can surrender. Go and have one of the nurses restrain you to the beds. They’ll heal you to the best of their ability, but afterwards, you’ll have to pay for the crimes you’ve committed."

"That doesn’t sound too appealing." I smirked. "What’s my other option?"

"That, or I kill you." The trainer gripped his weapon with both hands. I sneered.

"You assume you could kill me?" I laughed openly. "Tell me, how would you do it, hmmm? You already got one shot on me, and for that I commend you."

I grinned. "But now that you don’t have surprise on your side, how will you do it?"

The trainer faltered.

"Exactly. Even if you were a match for me, you don’t have the eyes of a killer. Even if you were more than a match for me, you couldn’t do it." I taunted.

"I’m not in the best frame of mind, and you are directly responsible for putting my best friend in the emergency room, with the intent to kill him. Making the assumption that I couldn’t kill you right now is a dangerous gamble." He retorted.

"Your pathetic species couldn’t fight off a normal Raichu, let alone one bred and trained to kill. Don’t worry though." I cooed. "I won’t kill you. Too much attention. But I will electrocute you strong enough to give you minor brain damage, and knock you out awhile. While you’re out, I’ll kill your Pikachu, and no one will be the wiser. Except you, and you’ll be half-brain-dead, and the nurse, which we already have under control."

"Then all that’s standing in your way is me." He snarled, positioning his metal stick between us.

"You’ve already lost, idiot." I smirked condescendingly, and raised my tail, lightly brushing the top of the metal pole the trainer was holding. "Goodnight."

I grinned, waiting for the instantaneous transfer of over ten thousand volts of electricity to rush into the trainer’s body. He convulsed once, jolting backwards, before darting forwards and smashing me with the rod again. I didn’t have time to question how he was still breathing before the third hit came, and rendered me blind and deaf to the world.

###

(Josh POV)

Eight dollars. That’s all my life was worth right now, a freaking eight dollars. Eight. In my sleep deprived state, I almost didn’t buy them.

Almost.

Eight dollar rubber gloves. I knew I needed them, just in case, but for eight dollars I almost turned it down. Who charges eight dollars for gloves?

Of course, if I had known they would have saved me from permanent brain damage and/or death, I would have paid the cashier gladly. Maybe I would have even tipped.

Overdose laid against the wall, bleeding red ooze onto the floor below. I leaned against the same wall I had punched a hole into this morning, and panted. I could have just died. I could have become a vegetable, or at best, a shadow of whom I once was. I owed my life to a pair of overpriced gloves. Freaking eight dollar gloves.

Hell…

Overdose took a breath. I raised my golf-club to finish the job…

…but lowered it. I wasn’t a killer, he was right. Maybe in the heat of the moment, if Static’s life were truly in danger, but even then it would have rotted against my consciousness for the rest of my days. No. I would get the nurses help to restrain him. They could heal him if they wished, just as long as he stayed put.

I looked him over more closely. He was out cold. It would be easy work putting him in a bed, and checking his vitals.

I turned to put away my gloves, and saw a horrified nurse standing behind me. Her face was completely pale, and her entire body was shaking. She was not the nurse from before.

I realized how I looked. I was standing over an unconscious, possibly dead Pokémon with a bloody club raised above my head, in a striking motion. I probably looked like a lunatic.

“Heeeey…” I whispered calmly, setting down my club. “Alright, give me a second to explain-”

There are two, very different screams a human can produce. One is common. It’s either a yell, or a shout. Both are meant to get attention, but neither are as good as it as the second type of scream. The second type is hard to summon, if you’re trying to fake it. It’s an animalistic cry for help that is reserved only for the most dire circumstances. It’s the sound of someone being torn apart, or being attacked in the worst possible way.

Her scream was the second kind. It sent shivers down my spine and she screamed and raced off in the other direction as fast as she could.

Well. That could have gone better.

I looked down at the unconscious Raichu, and back to my bloody golf-club.

This doesn’t look incriminating at all.

Within seconds, thundering sound of heavy footsteps filled the hallway. Officers of all types stormed inside, each carrying a heavy looking gun, and body armor.

How’d they get up here so fast?

“Freeze, and drop your weapon!” One of the ones in the back shouted into a microphone.

Why was I still holding this?

“Sure, um, yeah. I surrender.” I mumbled, and dropped the golf-club. The guards looked a bit confused at my gesture. I grinned sheepishly, and held my arms at the appropriate angle for them to cuff me.

One of the younger officers walked hesitantly up to me, and cuffed me. I didn’t resist. She looked inquisitively at me, and I grinned shyly.

“Are you alright in the head?”

“No.” I confessed. “I’m probably in shock.”

She looked inquisitively at me. “Are you dangerous?”

I thought for a moment. “No, I don’t think so.”

“Okay.” She nodded. “I’m going to take you to the station, alright?”

“Sure, but can you wait a moment? I think I’m going to throw up first.”

She winced. “Alright.”

I took a step back and vomited, then vomited again, slipped in it, vomited once more, then fainted.

*265*2013-06-17 20:30

{{: 

Is Skarr gonna wet himself or not?

}}

(As Zapdos said, Skarr dislikes holding, and views it as both childish and uncouth.All of the times Omo scenes have occurred, Skarr has been away or absent to spare his feelings. I think this makes it a bit more realistic, just because not everyone is into omo :P)

Probably one or two more updates, then there will be an omo scene. :3)

*267*2013-06-20 04:30

(Myst POV)

I took a deep breath of the dank, cellar air. Home. The shadows; finally a place where I felt I belonged. I no longer was black fox standing in a sea of white, no. Now, I was with company. I could blend in, and be whomever my I pleased. I would fit in, for once in a painfully long time.

What would be my mask today? Who would I wear as my disguise, and whose part should I act?

A Weavile. He – for this character would be a male – is an accomplice from a faraway land. He heard about this arena from a ‘mutual friend’, and wanted to see it in action. He had some cash on him, so he might place a bet or two. His REAL reason for visiting however, was much darker…

I took a deep breath, and got into character. My mirage instantly swirled around me, and mimicked a Weavile climbing down the ladder with ease, while I on the other hand had a much harder time. With only four legs and no real hands, this was proving both a slow and dangerous task. Also, the ladder tasted disgusting.

Finally, I reached the bottom, and strolled into the lights of the Arena. It looked very much like Nova had described. Two large circles wrapped around the sides. The inner circle housed the true arena, where a Gengar and a Larvitar fought for supremacy. In the outer, a large crowd sat in makeshift seats, cheering on the bloody conflict. In the back, a small metal door housed secrets. I didn’t see the Blissy at first, and made a quick and reasonable assumption that she was hidden behind those doors, along with many other secrets…

Urk! Pay attention. You’re only objective here is Blissy. Ignore the other treasures, and focus on her.

I casually walked to the back, aware of the two Sableye guarding the door. They turned to me and gave me a strange, alien look.

“Greetings.” My illusion bowed, and I adopted a lower, more masculine tone.

“Greetings.” The pair said in unison. “Enjoying the show?”

“Alas, my curiosity has gotten the best of me. My…friends tell me the Arena has the best entertainment in the area, yet I find myself drawn to this door instead. Might you sate my wonder?”

The gems on the Sableye sparkled. “You see. Not many do. The door is hidden to all but those that see. To them it appears as stone.”

Shit. I didn’t even realize this door was guarded by an illusion! Play this off!

“I’ve learned many talents in my life. One is seeing though falsehood.” My illusion smirked, while I sat quietly within. It occurred to me that they might be able to see me as well. Even so, a Zorua here wouldn’t be a cause of alarm. As much as I loathed admitting, most Pokémon here were dark, poison, and ghost types. Not all of course, but enough to make me grind my teeth.

“Seeing though falsehood is an…interesting talent to have, sir…?”

“Sunbane.” I responded.

Sunbane!? Could you BE more obvious?

“Sir Sunbane, yes.” The two Sableye looked at each other, as if communicating without words. Their syncrasy unnerved me, and made me wonder if they were two or one creature. “You wish to uncover mysteries, yes. That is a dangerous way to live, for not all mysteries reveal themselves so easily…what shall you do to earn your entrance to this passage?”

“There are several at my disposal, of course.” I purred, as my mind raced. What would they want? “I have gold, of course-”

“Gold!” They scoffed.

“-but yes, the Sableye have little need for trinkets.” I finished. They eyed me with interest, or at least LOOKED like they were eyeing me with interest. With Sableye it’s always hard to tell. “Of course, with gold you could buy gems.”

“With enough.” One of them shrugged. The other looked horrified that he had spoken out of turn, and swiped at the other. The other took the blow without complaint, and shook his head. They resumed their mutual tones. “But it is easier to find them ourselves. What you call gems, we call bread. Gems have no more value than a simple loaf to us.”

“Well. Perhaps you are less materialistic. Perhaps you crave what I crave; not gold or food, but information.”

Their eyes twinkled again. Perfect.

“You think you have secrets to sate the wonderlust of a Sableye? We are timeless, and eternal. We know all that roams this earth. You think you have some knowledge that we do not possess?”

“Information I alone hold. It would not be possible for you to possess, unless I were to tell you.”

They looked at each other, and I could feel curiosity against my own.

“The price of this information, sir Sunbane?”

“Entrance to this door.”

“First your secret, then the door.”

I smirked. “As a fellow creature of the night, I think it foolish to reveal my goods before you should reveal yours. Too long have I been victim of a five finger bargain, when I dealt in good faith.”

Their eyes sparkled once more. “You know the Sableye well, Weavile. Very well. I acc-” They both shook their heads once more, and looked sickened. “-we accept this offer.”

“What ails you two?” I asked, out of my own stupid curiosity. They smirked in sync, and their gemstone eyes gleamed a fearsome red as they began opening the large steel door.

“You haven’t paid for that information, sir Sunbane…” They sneered.

“Very well.” I peeked up, and looked around the newly discovered room. It held several cages, but only one was filled as of now, with a surprised but spitefully looking Blissy. The rest of the room –well, cave really—only held small metal cooling containers, which I presumed to be the drug Static was talking about earlier.

“We have paid in full, and expect compensation.” The Sableye responded, now looking more menacing with the dim light of a dying bulb highlighting their dark, elongated claws.

“Alas friends, there is yet one more price you must pay before the information is yours.” I grinned to myself.

“What?”

“Catch me!”

To an untrained eye, the Weavile suddenly dashed off away from the arena. The Sableye howled and tore after it, slowly gaining on the unfortunate fellow. The chase would last a minute or two.

I, however, was beside the cage, mimicking the cool cave air. I walked calmly to the Blissy’s cage, as she stared though me at the commotion beyond the door. She looked up again, then dove behind her bedding, and fetched a small, crude metal device. I watched wordlessly as she shoved the metal piece into the lock, and began tinkering with it carefully.

“My dear.” I spoke, though I appeared as nothing. “Whomever gave you that lock pick would be startled to see you handling it with such carelessness.” The Blissy almost dropped the lock pick out of shock, then shoved it quickly in her pouch.

“Who’s there!?” She demanded, backing away from the cage.

“A friend.” I closed the metal doors, and revealed myself. “Up for a hoist?”

She grinned, and her eyes grew large. “You’re gonna break me out of here?”

“Break.” I frowned. “Why must everything be so destructive with you? Aren’t you a healer?”

She looked down awkwardly.

“Here.” I held out my paw. “Give me the lock pick.”

She placed the lock pick hesitantly in my hands. She had no reason to trust me of course, which made the gesture all the more symbolic. I could have betrayed her right here, of course. Told the guards of her treachery. I could have worked here, and have come to take the lock pick.

Alas, I was on her side, and upon grabbing the lock pick, I inserted it gently into the lock.

“Why are you going at it so slowly?” She hissed quietly. I smirked at her unease.

“What is your name?” I prodded, though I already knew the answer.

“Charity. Why?”

“Charity. Humans have a myth that there exists but one person that you should call their love. This person would always be faithful to you, and would treat you better than any other on the planet. They call this person your soul mate.”

“…Okay? Why is that relevant?”

“Because…” I smiled as the pick began to work. “Humans fashion their tools in a similar manner. Only one key in the world was built for this lock, and for only one lock the key.”

“Then break it?” She suggested.

I peeked up from the lock. “Would you say that to a lover?”

“What?”

I resumed my lock-picking. “When a lock breaks, it often shuts to all keys, even the one meant for it. What my job is, is not to damage the lock at all. Simply mimic the key that it was meant for. Caress it. Convince it that I indeed am its key, and then?” The lock popped open.

“Then?” Charity didn’t escape instantly, and instead waited for me to finish my tale.

“I don’t know.” I admitted. “Perchance leave, the lock never knowing you weren’t it’s key after all. Perhaps stay, and fashion yourself its key anyway.”

“Wouldn’t that leave the world with a lonely key?”

“We’re all lonely keys. Get your lock while you can.” I grinned, and motioned for her to escape. She nodded, and clumsily waddled out of the cage. Very clumsily. Troublingly clumsily.

“Are you alright?” I asked, hesitant for the answer.

Charity blushed and laughed lightly. “Um, I’m expecting.”

“Oh? Congratulations!”

She smiled. “Haha, don’t be too surprised. Us Chansey and Blissey are a bit different than other Pokémon. We lay eggs all the time, but they’re not meant as incubators. Well…” She blushed again. “MOST of them aren’t. They’re more like stones, really. Nothing lives inside them, but those that hold onto them and that have love in their hearts find a bit more luck along their path than usual.”

“Really?”

“Mmmm.” She nodded. “Legend says that the first Togepi actually hatched from our fatherless eggs, but only for one pure of heart. I don’t believe it though.” She rubbed her stomach happily. “I think they’re just little bits of luck for us to give back to the world.”

“Touching.” I smiled.

“Do you have a plan for our escape?” She asked calmly. “Perhaps become invisible once more? Can you do that to me as well?”

“Well, I wanted something a bit more theatrical, but I suppose that will have to do.” I smirked. “You won’t see my illusion, but everyone else will. Even if they stare right at you, into your very eyes, they will not see you. They can FEEL you though, so make sure not to touch anyone, alright?”

“Got it.”

Together, we sneaked though the door. To my dismay, the entrance was much more crowded now, and it would be nearly impossible to walk though undetected.

Like all places though, there was more than one exit.

I glanced at the open ocean. Nova said it was a long fall; from here I estimated about 27 feet. Nearly three stories. I took a step back from the ledge, impressed by Nova’s fortitude. With no other evident escape, I thought about Nova’s hurried but effective solution.

“Psssst.” I whispered to Charity. “How well can you swim?”

“Swim?” She snorted. “Does it look like I can swim?”

I looked her over again, and noticed her rather pudgy frame. Her tiny arms and feet didn’t look particularly adept at long distance swimming.

Damn.

“I can FLOAT really well though!” She giggled. “There’s a story of a man who tried to drown a Blissy. After three days he gave up!” She snorted again. “I can’t swim, but I’ll die from dehydration before I’ll drown.”

I can work with that. Might be a touch awkward, but I could paddle ON her. Save me energy, and get us both to shore. I’ll be faster than Nova too, since I know the way.

“Alright. On three, we’re jumping down there. I want you to stand like a-” I looked at her frame once more, and choose to ignore the diving tips. “…nevermind. On three, we’re jumping into the water.”

“WHAT!?” She hissed in an angry whisper. “Are you INSANE?”

“One.” I prepared to jump.

“I am not going to jump!”

“Two…” I smirked, choosing not to hear her pleas.

“No! Augh, I don’t even know your NAME! I am NOT jumping who-knows-how-many-feet-”

“Three!” I leapt.

“…Damn it!” I heard behind me.

Hah.

My snout stung when it hit the water, despite my perfect dive. The cool ocean reinvigorated me, and I quickly swam up to the surface. When I got there, I was greeted by a very angry and wet Blissy.

“Wow.” I whistled quietly. “You got to the surface faster than me.”

“I didn’t go under!” She hissed. I saw her backside, which was completely red.

“Ouch. You didn’t dive, did you?” I winced.

“Dive? Dive? Oh, if only I had thought of THAT. Because of my extremely aerodynamic frame and all!”

I stifled a laugh. “Come on, let’s get out of here.”

“I CAN’T SWIM!” Charity growled, flailing and kicking at the sky.

“I remember.” I grinned. I sunk slightly under water, then kicked suddenly, pouncing on her stomach.

“Ack! What are you doing!?” She squealed. She rotated wildly, causing me to almost fall to onside, then the other.

“Trying to- oof!” I caught a mouthful of fist as she flailed. “Trying to…swim…with you!” I growled back. “Stop struggling!”

She tried to calm down, and I adjusted myself across her vertically. I pressed my back paws in the water, and started an efficient paddle to shore. I though balancing on her would prove more of a challenge, but one grotesque fact helped our little venture. I was sinking INTO her. She was almost completely made of fat.

‘I bet that’s why she floats so well…’ I grimaced to myself as I sunk entirely too deep into her frame. I glanced up at the cliff face once more, and was pleased to see our bit of splashing hadn’t caught the attention of anyone. My illusions had done their work…

###

The shore. It seemed like days, but at last it was there. With a few more kicks, I propelled us to the shore, panting with exertion.

“Are you alright?” Charity looked down at me with concern.

“You have no idea...” I wheezed, “How BIG you are!”

Charity’s look of concern melted into one of offense. “Hey! You try giving birth every few months, and keeping your figure!”

“At least do some pushups.” I implored, and slowly struggled to my feet. I heard a ‘hmph’ behind me.

“It’s not my fault I lay eggs.” She grumbled to herself. “I like the ‘giving people luck’ part, but honestly, it’s terrible sometimes.”

“Oh?”

“Well for one, it makes me LOOK like an egg.” She growled as we walked. “And giving birth nearly six times a year isn’t pleasant either. But that isn’t the worst part.”

“What is?”

She looked at the floor, and glowered. “Whenever I laugh I pee a little.”

I looked at her with disbelief, before swallowing my witty remark at her expense. At last, we arrived to the Pokémon Center. The Nurse was standing by the entrance, and ran to hug Charity as soon as she came into view.

“Charity!” She yelped, and grabbed her tightly in her arms.

“Astrid!” Charity yelped in return, and grasped the nurse with her tiny paws.

“Are you alright? Did they hurt you?” The nurse kneeled down and pressed her fingers to her paw, feeling for a pulse. Charity pushed her hand away and smiled.

“No, no, I’m fine. Are you okay?”

“I’m fine if you are.” The nurse pulled Charity in another tight, fierce hug. “Oh, I’m just so glad you’re alright!”

“Excuse me.” I prodded at the nurse’s ankles with my paw. “Um, do you know where my trainer is?”

“Ummm…” The nurse hesitated, “Funny story about that, actually…”

*269*2013-07-05 15:59

(Josh POV)

What an insane day. My brain was spinning from the events that transpired. From the arrest, to waiting at the court, to the nurses explanation to the bailiff, it had been an eventful day. As of now, I was content to lay on the cot next to Static’s, and my mind relax after the stress of the past week.

Static snoozed quietly beside me, and I quietly stroked Myst with a subconscious hand. She purred lightly, but appeared somewhat uncomfortable with the closeness of the action. When I noticed this I pulled away, but she instinctively nipped at my fingers, and put her ears back under my hand. Reluctantly I continued, rolling my eyes at her indecision.

She was pleased with herself, of course. Well-deserved. Along with the nurse, I had praised her on a risky job well done. It could have gone much worse, and for now, I was just pleased it hadn’t.

Skarr had also done his job well. He had guarded Static like a hawk until I returned from the hardware store. Although I felt a bit guilty for my slight manipulation, the job I gave him acted as a bit of a repentance for his former mistake. He was able to sleep after I relieved him of duty, and I waited quietly outside. I didn’t actually expect Overdose of course, but when he came, I was prepared.

Overdose was getting treatment now, but not in this facility. They had restrained him, but he had broken out and destroyed some very sensitive equipment, and severely wounded several doctors and nurses. It took nearly four times the normal dose of anesthetic to put him under, and several armed guards to do it. Afterwards, he was flown to a more secure mental facility with better restraints, and supposedly experience with the more difficult patients. Supposedly, he also wasn’t the only one.

The Arena was also swarmed by the police the next night. They caught dozens of Pokémon and humans, under charges of illegal gambling and several counts of assault and attempted murder. I was originally terrified that those that didn’t get arrested would be coming after us before Sandy politely reminded me that they had no idea who we were, and to the best of their knowledge ‘Snivel’ was dead.

Sandy, Nova, and Myst were all in in the hotel room, watching movies, and passing the time. They would check on us a few times a day of course, and we would talk, but they knew we needed our rest. Wiggly would hold Static’s paw while they talked, and hug him lightly when she thought no one was looking. Nova would scurry over to me, and tell me the summery of the last few movies they had seen, ‘so I wouldn’t miss out’. Sandy would sit on the side of my bed, and call me names, but they were meant with a kind heart, even if said with a sharp tongue. We laughed together, and made the most of our time spent recovering.

To my relief, the medical staff was making a full recovery in the careful hands of their peers. Our Battle Park ticket was extended, courtesy of the Battle Park Police Force. We were also apologized to profusely by the B.P.P.F., especially by the kind officer whom I spoke with before passing out. The nurse we helped – Astrid, I believe – also thanked us profusely for our help, and apologized for her earlier rude behavior. I half expected her Blissey to hand Myst a lucky egg for her troubles, but it appeared that Charity wasn’t too pleased by her methods of rescue. Oh well. No good comes from expecting rewards from kind actions, and I wasn’t disappointed. My team was safe, and with some time to rest, we would all be healthy again.

###

“Alright. Let’s get that cast of you, shall we?”

"What are you doing with that electric saw!?"

“Stop squirming, will you? Hold still, this will be over in a moment.”

"JOOOSH!" Static yelped as the saw’s blade moved closer to his neck.

"Relax, static. This doesn’t cut skin, it only cuts the cast. Promise."

Static gulped, and his gaze didn’t break from the saw. "O-okay man, I t-trust you, b-but shit, are you sure!?…"

Astrid quickly cut the cast in half, smiling at Static’s hesitance. “There. All done. That wasn’t so bad now, right?”

Static sat motionless on the bed, breathing heavily, and looking petrified at the saw. He then looked back at me, and checked his fur to make sure it wasn’t cut.

"I can’t BELIEVE that didn’t kill me." He sighed.

“Psssssh!” Nova hissed into his hand. "Josh finds your lack of faith disturbing!"

I rolled my eyes at Nova’s reference.

“Okay. Now, we need to be gentle here.” The nurse stressed. “Even after the cast comes off, that doesn’t mean you’re okay. You still need to be gentle with yourself, and make sure you get plenty of rest, alright? NO battling for at least a week-”

“Oh come ON!” Static pouted.

“-Hey. I don’t want you coming back here, and making your poor friends sit in their rooms all day, all right?” Astrid stated.

“We didn’t mind!” Nova chimed, then backpedaled. “O-or, I mean, I didn’t mind. Did you guys mind? Sorry, I didn’t mean to like-”

“We didn’t mind.” Myst assisted Nova.

“Nevertheless.” The nurse continued. “I want you to take it easy, alright? Promise me.”

“I promiiiiise…” Static grudgingly responded.

“Good. Okay, I’m going to remove your cast now. It might feel a bit strange at first-”

“Augh!” Skarr winced in the corner of the room. “What is that odor?”

“Ewwwww!” Nova covered his snout, and Myst shied away. I winced along with Sandy.

"Now now, that’s normal." Astrid scolded telepathically. "He hasn’t been able to wash his stomach because of the cast!"

"Gross!" Static looked down, and saw his matted, brownish fur. "Ah, it looks all nasty! Will this get better!?"

"Oh yes. You just need to wash it out, and you’ll be right back to normal." Astrid smiled.

"Okay, GOOD. I was worried I would end up like Overdose or something…" Static gulped.

"No, no, no. You only had minor traces of the drug in your system, and you’ve only taken it once. The side effects usually don’t take hold unless you’ve taken a significantly higher amount of the substance."

"Usually!?"

"I wouldn’t worry if I were you." She gave Static another reassuring smile. "For now, I would focus on showering…you ARE a bit ripe…" Static winced, and hopped out of bed. I cringed at his sudden motion, and he gave me a deadpan glare.

"I can still JUMP. Am I allowed to jump? Nurse lady, help me out here."

"I would prefer no sudden movements for at least a few more days…" Astrid mumbled.

"Gawd! I don’t need to be babied here! I’m already not battling, what more do you guys want!?"

"We’re just trying to keep you safe, Stat." I stated calmly, trying to sooth him down.

"Auuugh! Can I at least take shower alone? Or should I not risk injuring myself?" Static growled.

"You should be fine." Astrid mentioned quickly.

"Thank you." Static hissed, and walked out of the room, and towards the door.

"Just be careful!" Skarr chimed evilly. Static gave him a rude gesture with his paw as he walked back to the room.

###

(Static POV)

Useless.

The hot water poured over me, and soaked deep into my muscles, and washing off the filth and grime that had smeared into my coat. The water and steam felt good, after having nothing but the touch of bedding on my body for days.

Useless.

Here we were, at the Battle Park. Josh’s dream. And I was completely ruining it! We should be battling!

We should be meeting people to battle, and learning about battle stuff, and watching people battle, and…

…and instead he’s sitting with me, waiting for me to heal. In a week, we’ll be gone, and back to Kanto. We won’t even be able to battle at the STUPID

BATTLE PARK!

I hit my head against the tile wall in frustration, with the steam bellowing around me. The water was missing me now, and all I had for warmth was the large white cloud, and the water on my face.

Water on my face? Shit, am I CRYING?

I wiped my face angrily with a paw, and stepped back into the water.

Josh must be so bored. Him and everyone else.

I growled, and scrubbed my fur harder.

Ruining a once-in-a-lifetime-

“Augh!” I shouted, and threw the soap as hard as I could. I felt something tear across my side, and I instantly cringed and fell to the floor. The water pelted me as I held my side, clenching my teeth in pain.

“Static!?” I heard Josh yelp from the other side of the door. I opened my mouth to respond, but my snout was pressing against the tub, which was filled with a few inches of water. I gurgled something, but I doubt he heard me.

“STATIC!” He screamed once more. I tried to push myself up, but the pain in my side returned, and I slumped back. The door burst open, and I felt Josh’s hands grasp me, and pull me out of the water. He rushed me to the bed, and placed me there gently but quickly, with a careful yet desperate efficiency. He stared at me for a moment, then breathed a sigh of relief.

"Oh good, you’re breathing." He let out a tense chuckle. "I was gonna me pissed if I had to do mouth-to-mouth."

I laughed a bit, but I held my side. He caught my action, and frowned. "I’m going to call the nurse."

"Don’t!" I shouted, and pawed at his jacket. "I’m fine, really! Please? She’ll put me in a cast again, and then I won’t be able to battle with you!"

"Static, you’re not battling here anyway, you’ll hurt yourself. A week off, remember?" Josh scolded.

"Oh come on! T-this is the Battle Park! You talk about this place all the time, and now that you’re here we can’t do anything, and I’m just being useless and hurt and-"

"Static." Josh rested a calming hand on my head.

"-I’m keeping all you guys from doing anything fun, and you guys are just doing this because I’ve been though some stuff and I was a bit roughed up-"

"Static! This isn’t your fault." Josh said strongly, rubbing one of my ears. I was still upset, but that small motion made me forget exactly what I was mad about.

"Yeah, but…" I trailed off.

"But what? We’re your friends. We’re here to support you, no matter what. Even if you can’t battle, we can find other things to do. Heck, we’re at the Battle Park! At the very least, we can watch other people."

"It’s not the same." I sulked, sinking into the sheets.

"Well…hmmmm." Josh thought. "Do YOU really miss battling?"

"I miss battling for you."

"But do YOU miss battling?" He asked again.

"Um…I don’t know. I guess not. That stuff with Overdose kinda…I don’t know. I’m not feeling it right now, I guess. I’m sure I will, but…" I sighed.

"Okay. So you’re sad because you feel like you’re letting me down, and I can’t battle without you? Is that it?"

"…Yeah." I nodded.

"Alright. Well, I have an idea then." Josh winked, and stood up from the bed. "It’s going to take some convincing from Sandy though. And I’ll need your help." He smirked.

"What can I do, Josh?" I sat up, eager to help.

"First? We need to track down that nurse, and make sure you’re okay. Secondly…well, I’ll tell you after."

"Josh! No, you’ll tell me now. Josh? Josh!" I whined impatiently.

###

"Sandy! Sandy, Sandy, Sandy!"

"Someone’s awake." She giggled, walking into the room.

"Sandy!" I yelped again, making sure to get her attention. "Josh wants to tell you something!"

"I do?" Josh asked.

"Yes! You do! The thing, remember! The thing you needed her help for after we got the cast from the nurse, but you wouldn’t tell me!"

"Oh that." Josh grinned, and I had the feeling he knew what I was talking about from the very beginning.

"Tell her!" I begged.

"Alright, alright. I was wondering if you could do me a favor." Josh turned to Sandy.

"Oh? What?"

"I was hoping to challenge a Frontier Brain while I was here, and I was wondering if you could loan-"

"Palmer!" Sandy smashed her hand to her face. "Oh shit, I have a battle with him soon!"

"Um, what?" Josh looked concerned.

"Sorry, you just reminded me of that with the ‘rental Pokémon’ thing! Argh, I completely forgot about it! I should have been reviewing my notes…!" Sandy pressed her hand to her head again.

"Calm down a sec." Josh placed his hand on hers, and pulled it away from her face. "What do you need to do to prepare?"

"J-just review videos of him battling other brains, and see what tactics I can use against him. Against normal people he’s simple, but he’ll pull all the stops against me. This battle’s going to be televised too, and if I lose I won’t hear the end of it for weeks." She groaned.

"Well, how about this." Josh perked up. "How about we all help you study a bit today and tonight?"

"That would be great, but…" Sandy sighed. "I don’t know. I think I work best alone, for the most part. Tonight would be fine, but I really need to get into my top game over the next few days to fight Palmer. I’m sorry, I thought we would only be here a week…" She trailed off.

"It’s fine, we understand." Josh nodded. "Could we borrow some Pokemon from the Battle Factory though? Rentals of course, just-"

"Yeah, yeah, sure." Sandy waved off the question. "I take them all the time. That’s how I got Krookodile and Charizard."

"Awesome, thanks." Josh smiled. "Alright, so we’ll help you tonight, then we’ll be off tomorrow. Sound good?"

"Mmmm." Sandy nodded. "Yeah. Alright. Is everything good here? You guys are checked out, Static’s alright?"

"Yup. He got a bit of a restraint for his side-"

"Meh." I interjected.

"-he doesn’t like it, but it works." Josh added. "So yeah, we’re good."

"Alright then." Sandy looked up, and shot us both a smile. "So, my place, then?"

###

(Josh POV)

My jaw hit the floor as soon as we reached Sandy’s floor. Her apartment was incredible. An entire wall was dedicated to a massive window, which looked out over the city, and across the ocean. All the furniture was sleek and modern, with smooth, curved edges. Another wall was a large white wall, which I quickly realized was meant for the projector.

Other than the fancy glass and furniture, the place looked a bit…empty. Almost as if it wasn’t lived in, and if everything was more for a theatre set then actually living. Nothing was out of place, and everything was meticulously clean. Not at all like the cabin.

Not to say the cabin was disorganized, however. It just more…alive. Her bed wasn’t made, there were pictures of her and Wigglytuff on the walls, and some dishes were in the sink. It looked cozy. This didn’t look as cozy, and gave off a cool, almost hollow feel. Though it looked beautiful, this wasn’t a home.

Over the next few hours, we all helped quiz Sandy on the different techniques Palmer liked to utilize in battle. I learned that he frequently fought Baton Pass teams, and as a result used a Weavile with a move called ‘Beat Up’, which attacked multiple times in quick succession. Against her though, he wouldn’t likely use such tactics, and would likely fight much more unpredictably. We made her flash cards and tried to help, but by the end of the night it became apparent that we wouldn’t be much help.

"Thank you anyway, everyone." Sandy smiled as the clock ticked dangerously close to midnight. "It’s been fun, but I definitely need some rest. Look for me on T.V. in a few days, alright?" She smirked.

"Will do!" Nova chimed.

"Of course." Skarr bowed.

"Definitely!" Static nodded.

"Certainly." Myst purred.

"I can still help, right?" Wiggly pouted.

"Of course." Sandy smiled.

"Alright, we’ll be seeing you, then." I smiled, and turned to leave.

"W-well, it’s late!" Sandy yelped. I turned and gave her a quizzical look, and she backpedaled in an attempt to save face. "I mean, I have a guest room, if you would all like to sleep here for the night."

I smirked. "Well, I doubt we would all fit on one bed-"

"I have two." She said quickly. "And one for Wiggly, of course."

"Still, I doubt we would all fit on two-"

“Then I GUESS one of you is going to have to sleep with me.” She hissed in my ear. “Preferably, the one most human.”

“Awww, but I thought you were tire-” Sandy flicked my nose. “Ouch! What was that for!?”

“You know what that was for.” She growled.

###

(Sandy POV)

“Bleh.”

I collapsed on my sofa, with a half-finished can of soda clutched haphazardly in my hand. It had been two days since Josh had been here, and coincidentally also two says since I last talked to a sentient creature. I grabbed a stained copy of my notes off my smudged glass table, from where I spilt my coffee from last night.

I looked over the paper, not really reading it, more just going over the motions. I wasn’t overly confident, or really even confident to begin with. In truth, I was just bored. I didn’t want to do this. Battles should be all gut, not statistics and math.

“Bleeeeeeeh…”

Still, it was important that I win this battle. Otherwise I wouldn’t just be mocked by Palmer, I would be on the news for weeks. Not only did I not want the publicity, I would like to be able to spent that time with Josh. Almost all the time I put aside was taken when Static was in the hospital – not that I’m upset about that, of course. It’s expected that he should spend time with Static when he was injured, and not with me.

…and leave me in the room with Nova all day, watching old movies…

“Aaaaaaaughhhh…” I groaned, and tried to clear my head. I loathed looking over my old notes at his battles, but I loathed not doing it more. Lack of preparation was the quickest way to fall in a competitive battle such as this, yet…

I’d take the damn movies with the Charmeleon over this…

It was noon, and I had just woken up, and cracked my first energy drink. Instead of actually reading the notes, I flipped on the projector.

…Just five minutes And I’ll be watching the Battle Station. See, I’m still learning. This isn’t procrastination at all.

I slouched lower in the chair, and my stomach growled loudly. It could have been a complaint from my lack of breakfast, or a grievance from last night’s cheap pizza.

Why am I always out of food? Wait, no! I have a slice of pizza left from last night. Awww yeah.

I stumbled over to my refrigerator, and retrieved the last slice. I sat back down on my chair, and greedily consumed the last slice of the cold pizza. My stomach gurgled with contentment, and I wiped my greasy hands on my notes.

Cold pizza and energy drinks. Breakfast of champions.

I hiccupped from the soda, and slouched further into the sofa, content to left my mind drift for a few moments before I began ‘studying’ once more. To my surprise, Palmer was on the projector wall. I begrudgingly focused a bit more.

“…on your fight against Sandy, later this afternoon?” A reporter asked. Palmer smiled, and waved at the camera.

“She is a worthy opponent, but with my fan’s support, I’m sure we’ll have a rousing battle.”

‘The words of one who knows he’s going to lose.’ I smirked, sipping my soda.

“And what do you think of your other, possible combatant?” The reporter questioned.

Other contestant?

“Only time will tell,” He spoke wisely, “But from what I know, I don’t believe he has even finished the Elite Four. I don’t have high hopes that he will be much of a challenge.”

“Bold words!” The reporter smiled.

“We’ll see if they’re earned.” He smiled coyly.

Combatant? Did a trainer make it through his tower? I haven’t been watching television for a few days, which means this ‘trainer’ would have needed to beat fifty trainers in the span of two days.

My sleep deprived, pizza addled brain slowly began to piece together the clues.

Also, what kind of trainer could beat the fifty trainers in the battle tower, yet not beat the Elite four?

I felt like I was on the cusp of some great discovery, with the answer only a pizza’s breath away.

If they had Pokémon that could beat the trainers, then they would have beaten…they would have beaten the Elite four.

I was so close!

Unless…unless…UNLESS THEY WERE RENTALS!

Ah-hah!

And they were borrowed from the Battle Factory!

I had it!

But who…Only I have access to that.

Oh yeah…

But wait…

Oh?

Josh…Josh made that casual comment about wanting to borrow the rental Pokémon.

He didn’t.

If he had the right Pokémon, and the right items, he’s probably smart enough…Auuugh, now I have to call him.

I reached for my phone on the glass table, accidentally knocking it to the floor.

Auuuughhhhh…

*271*2013-07-20 18:52

(Josh POV)

“KNOCKOUT!”

"Heeeellllll yeah!" Static shouted, hopping on my shoulder. I high fived him, and smiled at my Terrakion. Well, the rental Terrakion, of course. Borrowed with permission from Sandy’s Battle Factory.

The Terrakion snorted with triumph, and looked expectantly at his Pokéball. With a quick shimmer of light he was back inside, and ready for another brawl.

"That’s fifty!" Static chimed. "Now we can battle Palmer!"

"See?"I nudged my Pikachu with my head. "I told you this would be fun!"

"…Alright, fine, this was fun." Static rolled his eyes. "Now we battle Palmer, right?"

"Yup! Let’s get the team out first, though. Then we’ll head downstairs and-"

"Enough talking! I wanna tell them we won!" Static yelped excitedly. I smirked, and sent out our team.

###

"So why are we doing this again?" Nova asked, with an air of hesitancy around his voice.

"What do you mean?"I asked.

"Well…" Nova rung his hands, trying to formulate his thoughts. "What is our goal, here? Is this just for sport? Just because we can? Just because we’re here at the Battle Park?"

I thought for a moment. "Well, yes. Beating a brain is a respectable victory. I don’t think I can name a trainer that’s beaten a brain before beating the Elite four."

"Right." Nova swallowed again. "But…isn’t that kind of Sandy’s fear?"

"Hmmm?"

"Think of it this way." Nova articulated, "Sandy doesn’t like being famous, right? That’s one of the reasons she didn’t tell us that she was actually Alessandria. She likes you for you are as a person, of course, but also because she doesn’t feel like you’re pressuring her to be someone she’s not." Nova looked up at me for confirmation, and I gave him a nod. "Alright. So, and I’m not saying she doesn’t like being in the spotlight, but it’s reasonable to assume that she doesn’t like it all the time. She comes to Kanto to escape all of that, and she’s not widely recognized. But!" Nova paused for a moment to collect his thoughts. "If you become famous by beating Palmer, then you will be put in the spotlight. She will get attention for being with you, and then you both will be in the spotlight, her included, even if she doesn’t want to be."

I stopped for a moment, and pressed my tongue against my cheek. He had a point. If I were to go through with this, and I won, Sandy and I may have even less time to spend together. Suddenly I wasn’t sure if I wanted to go thought with this. What was I trying to achieve?

I suppose my thought process didn’t go much farther than amusing Static, and trying to get the next big, shiny-

"What if you didn’t win?" Myst smirked, interrupting my thoughts.

"Eh. Even losing now would probably draw attention." I waved off her comment.

"No, no, no, you misunderstand." Myst gazed up at me with her hypnotizing red eyes. "What if you didn’t win? What if someone else won? You wouldn’t lose, you simply wouldn’t be the one competing."

"…Explain?" I asked.

"What would you like to be?" Myst grinned. "Black? Tan? Brown-haired? Personally, I always believed you would look good with black hair."

I beamed, suddenly understanding. "You want to disguise me!"

"Great idea, Myst!" Nova grinned.

"There is no one better at disguises then me, my liege." Myst purred.

"And if I was under your illusion, I would still be the one to claim the victory." I considered. "Very nice plan."

"And what shall your guise be then, Josh?" Skarr pondered.

"Something unrecognizable." I responded. "It shouldn’t just be me with a few scars, or like black hair. It should be something…" I trailed off.

"Grander." Skarr finished.

"It should be unique." Myst nodded.

"It should be something people talk about!" Nova chimed.

"I think I have an idea." I smirked. "But, it might be difficult to pull off. Let me talk to Myst for a moment, and see if this is feasible…"

###

(Sandy POV)

"He’s an asshole."

"It’s sure damn annoying."

"When he calls you again, just don’t pick up. Just don’t do it. See how he likes it."

Wigglytuff sat across the couch from me, looking equally lethargic and disgruntled. Josh hadn’t picked up any of my last calls, and I was getting increasingly frustrated.

"That won’t solve anything…" I sighed. "I actually DO want to talk to him. See what the heck is up, and if he is the one that’s fighting Palmer."

"I doubt it." Wigglytuff looked down, and rubbed her belly. "I’m hungry."

"I knooooowwwwwww." I moaned. "You’re always hungry!"

"Because you don’t ever have food!"

"I have food sometimes!"

"Leftovers don’t count!"

"You can eat leftovers! Leftovers are food!"

"Leftovers are NOT food! Food is stuff you get at the store-"

"Shush! The battle’s about to start!"

"But Saaandy! I’m hungr-"

"Shush!"

“Sandy, our next contestant and Frontier Brain will now be facing Palmer, a fellow Frontier Brain in a battle of wits, cunning, and power!” The announcer cheered, shaking the small auditorium. I turned down the volume slightly, and shot Wiggly a worried look.

"The hell? I’m not on till five. Right?" I looked at Wiggly for confirmation. "Right?" She shrugged. I looked at the clock, which read 2:03pm.

“Presenting, Sandy, the Froneer Brai-hhhrm” Abruptly, the announcer coughed roughly, interrupting his speech. He doubled over and held his throat giving way to extremely raspy, harsh sounding coughs. Both Wiggly and I were on the edge of our seats, looking perturbed and worried at the announcer. He continued coughing violently and fell to the floor, with small specks of black flying from his lips, and landing on the floor below. The man shuddered on the floor clutching his stomach as a small pool of black ooze dribbled out of his mouth. His eyes shut closed harshly at first, then relaxed as he slipped into unconsciousness.

Wiggly and I looked at each other, then resumed looking at the projection. Someone in the audience screamed. The auditorium shook slightly, though from the camera or from actual shaking I didn’t know. The lights dimmed significantly, until it was difficult to discern anything on the screen. Suddenly, a low and mysterious voice echoed though the stage.

“There have been rumors though the night, that mortals no longer fear the darkness.” A voice rumbled. The camera panned to the audience, who were all looking horrified. Some tried to run out of the emergency exits. “They tell me that you believe you can hide away, and find safety with the falseness that is your...light.” The screen showed the announcer on the floor, and the small black pool at his lips. Slowly, the black pool began to bubble. “There are those that say that darkness can be defeated…”

“What do you want!?” A woman screamed in the audience. It was a scream of someone who was crazed with fear. The bubbling stopped, and an eerie silence filled the darkened auditorium.

“What do I want?” The voice pondered. “I want…I want to show you the extent of the shadows. There is one by the name of Palmer here, one who is renowned for his battling prowess. I wish to meet this man, and dual him. I wish to prove even he is no match for the dark.”

“N-no one battles Palmer without the sufficient forms!” A receptionist yelled from the back. “Fifty trainers, all in a row! No exceptions!”

“This will suffice.” The voice returned, and mystically, a stack of papers materialized in the air. The receptionist hesitantly walked forward and grabbed the papers, and looked enough them carefully. After a moment, her face grew pale.

“This…this is all in order.” She shivered. “Who…who are you?”

The black puddle began to bubble once more, and slowly, a figure began to rise out of the tar, forming legs, a torso, arms, broad shoulders, and face with glowing red eyes, and spiky hair. The entire being was the same color as the pool; dark and devoid of colors.

“I am the being that will remind you of what the night truly is.” The creature smiled with hauntingly white teeth. “You may address me as Nightshade. Now, bring me this…‘Palmer’.”

After a few moments, Palmer stepped forwards. He stood tall, and wore a light green jacket over a smooth, clean white shirt. His blond hair was slicked back, and he had a determined look on his face, unlike most who were petrified with fear.

“You wanted to face me, aberration?” Palmer glared, a Pokéball fiercely grasped in one hand.

“I do. I want the standard Battle Tower rule set; a three on three battle.” Nightshade smirked, the dim lights reflecting off his pitch black skin.

“What are the stakes?” Palmer looked at the creature with concerned eyes.

“Your SOUL!” The creature shrieked, feinting a diving at Palmer. Palmer jumped back in fright, but the aberration never truly moved. “Or the certificate of victory for the Battle Tower. Either one.”

Palmer took a shaky breath. “And if I should win?”

The creature scoffed. “If you should defeat the darkness itself, I shall disappear forever, and never again shall a human again hear an utterance of the name ‘Nightshade’.”

“…Deal.” Palmer nodded. “Are you ready then?”

“The Darkness is always ready.” Nightshade smiled.

"Duuude what the heeeelllllll?" Wiggly grinned, looking at me with wide, excited cyan eyes.

"I don’t know!" I laughed nervously, content to see how this battle would unfold.

###

(Josh POV)

“Go, Weavile!”

“Arise, one who has abandoned your soul to a shell, and has been birthed anew.”

A Ninjask and a Weavile faced off, each eyeing each other with a practiced caution. I smiled as the shadows melded into nothingness at my fingertips. Myst had truly outdone herself with this guise, and everything was falling into place perfectly. Even the announcer had played his part perfectly – collapsing, and allowing Myst’s illusion to play their role. I made a mental note to thank him later.

But not now. Now, I must focus. First, the painfully, insultingly obvious.

“Weavile, use Fake out!” Palmer shouted.

“Ninjask, Protect!”

The Weavile jumped up, and swung her paw at the flying bug. A silver sheen swept across the Ninjask, and it narrowly deflected the blow.

Now, the game begins.

“Nightshade…” Palmer’s eyes shone suddenly. “…for one born of the night, you make an…odd choice of moves.”

Take the bait, fishy-fish…

“I make the move that I deem necessary.” I quipped.

“You make a move that may have already cost you the battle.” He smiled.

It’s right in front of you Palmer. See the bait, just not the hook…

“Weavile.” He smirked. “Use Beat Up.”

Oh, clever move! One would normally use substitute, but a move like Beat Up hits multiple times, rendering Substitute not only useless, but lethal. In a normal battle, that would have rendered one out of my three Pokémon defeated.

…But this isn’t a normal battle, is it Palmer?

“Return, Ninjask! Terrakion, I summon thee!”

“Terra-, wait, what!?” Palmer shook his head.

“Weava!” Weavile shouted obediently, now attacking her new opponent. A Terrakion appeared out of the familiar red glow, wielding a light blue scarf tied around one horn.

Terrakion instantly received a rain of blows, all cloaked in a dark energy. Only upon the third successful strike did Terrakion manage to throw off the Weavile.

The Terrakion looked well for one that had taken so many blows. In fact, it looked stronger than it once had. Righteous anger burned in its eyes; a memory of a battle long ago. A hard snort erupted from its snout and it smashed a hoof into the ground, hot blooded and ready for battle.

Meanwhile, Palmer’s face grew pale.

“Justified.” Palmer sighed, and slumped slightly. “For every dark type move made against Terrakion, Terrakion becomes more powerful. And since Beat Up hits more than once, you just achieved the equivalent of three Dragon Dances in terms of attack.” He stopped to catch his breath. “You…you turned my strategy against me. You are no ordinary trainer…”

I smirked, but said nothing.

“Setting up to destroy my entire team with one Pokémon is risky…” His cool, calculating eyes burned into my own. “Was the Ninjask just a ploy this whole time?” I could tell he was playing for time, but my next move required his action first. “No…you’re too clever. It may have been a rouse, but your third Pokémon builds off the power the Ninjask. Without it, it will only be…” He gave me a knowing smirk. “A shadow of its potential power. Which means your powerful little plan relies on one crux. You getting that attack boost, and making sure that, if your Terrakion should fall, your Ninjask is the next in the arena.” He concluded.

Woah, he’s right. Well, I suppose that wasn’t an incredible feat of deduction, but…that was certainly more than average. Fortunately, I don’t plan on my Terrakion fainting.

“That is one possibility.” I acknowledged, in Nightshade’s deep, baritone.

“More than just one possibility, wouldn’t you say?” He smirked. “Also, judging by the Choice Scarf tied to your Terrakion, you already have a move selected to use against me. A move, likely, that is super effective to the type you would have previously predicted that I would use against you, and did. Darkness.”

Palmer, I underestimated you...any more inspection, and you’ll find that little hook I have hidden in your bait. My only respite is that I don’t believe a trick like this has ever actually been attempted before in competitive battling.

“And you’re clever.” Palmer nodded again. “You, of course, would pick the move that was not only damaging, but guaranteed my destruction. A fighting type. And with 150% your normal speed, and 250% your normal attack, your Terrakion would be a force to be reckoned with…unless of course…” Palmer gave one last cunning grin. “Return, Weavile! Go, Sableye!”

“Terrakion, use Agility!”

“You fool!” Palmer laughed with a crazed frenzy. “You’ve wasted your choice of moves on a move that not only doesn’t do damage, but doesn’t effect my Pokémon! You’re stuck!”

“Unless of course that was a thrift-store blue scarf tied around his horn, and not one of your league’s precious Choice Scarves.”

Palmer’s grin slowly faded, as realization crossed his face.

“You were so close, Palmer.” I cooed. “You were looking at the bait, and inspecting it from every angle. Your problem was, you were looking at it from the angle of a scholar and a master, not a desperate shadow, hoping for his moment in the light.” I bowed. “You are a worthy adversary, but in this battle it appears I have bested you.”

“What moves does that Terrakion have?” Palmer sighed, and stared at the floor.

“Rockslide, Close Combat, and X-Scissor. Plus Agility, of course.”

My heart pounded in my chest. Had I won? It was rude to ask another trainer their move set, unless the trainer whom asked was about to…

Palmer winced. “…Yes. I-I forfeit. Congratulations, Shadow.” He gave a begrudging smile. “You have indeed bested me.”

It took every ounce of self-control not to jump from excitement.

Deep breaths. For Sandy. You have to keep this guise just a moment longer, then when the cameras are off…

“Your soul, or the certificate then?” I smiled.

“I’ll sign the certificate.” Palmer chuckled. “I’ve become rather attached to my soul…”

*272*2013-07-20 23:41

(Psssst, hey guys! Would any of you be interested if I linked you to my FB page here? I do other stuff besides just this; I have a clean, extended version of this story on Fanfics, and I do reveiws of cartoons, and Let's Play videos. Post your thoughts if you care :3)

