Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 11

Author: Alexxx

*267*2013-06-20 04:30

(Myst POV)

I took a deep breath of the dank, cellar air. Home. The shadows; finally a place where I felt I belonged. I no longer was black fox standing in a sea of white, no. Now, I was with company. I could blend in, and be whomever my I pleased. I would fit in, for once in a painfully long time.

What would be my mask today? Who would I wear as my disguise, and whose part should I act?

A Weavile. He – for this character would be a male – is an accomplice from a faraway land. He heard about this arena from a ‘mutual friend’, and wanted to see it in action. He had some cash on him, so he might place a bet or two. His REAL reason for visiting however, was much darker…

I took a deep breath, and got into character. My mirage instantly swirled around me, and mimicked a Weavile climbing down the ladder with ease, while I on the other hand had a much harder time. With only four legs and no real hands, this was proving both a slow and dangerous task. Also, the ladder tasted disgusting.

Finally, I reached the bottom, and strolled into the lights of the Arena. It looked very much like Nova had described. Two large circles wrapped around the sides. The inner circle housed the true arena, where a Gengar and a Larvitar fought for supremacy. In the outer, a large crowd sat in makeshift seats, cheering on the bloody conflict. In the back, a small metal door housed secrets. I didn’t see the Blissy at first, and made a quick and reasonable assumption that she was hidden behind those doors, along with many other secrets…

Urk! Pay attention. You’re only objective here is Blissy. Ignore the other treasures, and focus on her.

I casually walked to the back, aware of the two Sableye guarding the door. They turned to me and gave me a strange, alien look.

“Greetings.” My illusion bowed, and I adopted a lower, more masculine tone.

“Greetings.” The pair said in unison. “Enjoying the show?”

“Alas, my curiosity has gotten the best of me. My…friends tell me the Arena has the best entertainment in the area, yet I find myself drawn to this door instead. Might you sate my wonder?”

The gems on the Sableye sparkled. “You see. Not many do. The door is hidden to all but those that see. To them it appears as stone.”

Shit. I didn’t even realize this door was guarded by an illusion! Play this off!

“I’ve learned many talents in my life. One is seeing though falsehood.” My illusion smirked, while I sat quietly within. It occurred to me that they might be able to see me as well. Even so, a Zorua here wouldn’t be a cause of alarm. As much as I loathed admitting, most Pokémon here were dark, poison, and ghost types. Not all of course, but enough to make me grind my teeth.

“Seeing though falsehood is an…interesting talent to have, sir…?”

“Sunbane.” I responded.

Sunbane!? Could you BE more obvious?

“Sir Sunbane, yes.” The two Sableye looked at each other, as if communicating without words. Their syncrasy unnerved me, and made me wonder if they were two or one creature. “You wish to uncover mysteries, yes. That is a dangerous way to live, for not all mysteries reveal themselves so easily…what shall you do to earn your entrance to this passage?”

“There are several at my disposal, of course.” I purred, as my mind raced. What would they want? “I have gold, of course-”

“Gold!” They scoffed.

“-but yes, the Sableye have little need for trinkets.” I finished. They eyed me with interest, or at least LOOKED like they were eyeing me with interest. With Sableye it’s always hard to tell. “Of course, with gold you could buy gems.”

“With enough.” One of them shrugged. The other looked horrified that he had spoken out of turn, and swiped at the other. The other took the blow without complaint, and shook his head. They resumed their mutual tones. “But it is easier to find them ourselves. What you call gems, we call bread. Gems have no more value than a simple loaf to us.”

“Well. Perhaps you are less materialistic. Perhaps you crave what I crave; not gold or food, but information.”

Their eyes twinkled again. Perfect.

“You think you have secrets to sate the wonderlust of a Sableye? We are timeless, and eternal. We know all that roams this earth. You think you have some knowledge that we do not possess?”

“Information I alone hold. It would not be possible for you to possess, unless I were to tell you.”

They looked at each other, and I could feel curiosity against my own.

“The price of this information, sir Sunbane?”

“Entrance to this door.”

“First your secret, then the door.”

I smirked. “As a fellow creature of the night, I think it foolish to reveal my goods before you should reveal yours. Too long have I been victim of a five finger bargain, when I dealt in good faith.”

Their eyes sparkled once more. “You know the Sableye well, Weavile. Very well. I acc-” They both shook their heads once more, and looked sickened. “-we accept this offer.”

“What ails you two?” I asked, out of my own stupid curiosity. They smirked in sync, and their gemstone eyes gleamed a fearsome red as they began opening the large steel door.

“You haven’t paid for that information, sir Sunbane…” They sneered.

“Very well.” I peeked up, and looked around the newly discovered room. It held several cages, but only one was filled as of now, with a surprised but spitefully looking Blissy. The rest of the room –well, cave really—only held small metal cooling containers, which I presumed to be the drug Static was talking about earlier.

“We have paid in full, and expect compensation.” The Sableye responded, now looking more menacing with the dim light of a dying bulb highlighting their dark, elongated claws.

“Alas friends, there is yet one more price you must pay before the information is yours.” I grinned to myself.

“What?”

“Catch me!”

To an untrained eye, the Weavile suddenly dashed off away from the arena. The Sableye howled and tore after it, slowly gaining on the unfortunate fellow. The chase would last a minute or two.

I, however, was beside the cage, mimicking the cool cave air. I walked calmly to the Blissy’s cage, as she stared though me at the commotion beyond the door. She looked up again, then dove behind her bedding, and fetched a small, crude metal device. I watched wordlessly as she shoved the metal piece into the lock, and began tinkering with it carefully.

“My dear.” I spoke, though I appeared as nothing. “Whomever gave you that lock pick would be startled to see you handling it with such carelessness.” The Blissy almost dropped the lock pick out of shock, then shoved it quickly in her pouch.

“Who’s there!?” She demanded, backing away from the cage.

“A friend.” I closed the metal doors, and revealed myself. “Up for a hoist?”

She grinned, and her eyes grew large. “You’re gonna break me out of here?”

“Break.” I frowned. “Why must everything be so destructive with you? Aren’t you a healer?”

She looked down awkwardly.

“Here.” I held out my paw. “Give me the lock pick.”

She placed the lock pick hesitantly in my hands. She had no reason to trust me of course, which made the gesture all the more symbolic. I could have betrayed her right here, of course. Told the guards of her treachery. I could have worked here, and have come to take the lock pick.

Alas, I was on her side, and upon grabbing the lock pick, I inserted it gently into the lock.

“Why are you going at it so slowly?” She hissed quietly. I smirked at her unease.

“What is your name?” I prodded, though I already knew the answer.

“Charity. Why?”

“Charity. Humans have a myth that there exists but one person that you should call their love. This person would always be faithful to you, and would treat you better than any other on the planet. They call this person your soul mate.”

“…Okay? Why is that relevant?”

“Because…” I smiled as the pick began to work. “Humans fashion their tools in a similar manner. Only one key in the world was built for this lock, and for only one lock the key.”

“Then break it?” She suggested.

I peeked up from the lock. “Would you say that to a lover?”

“What?”

I resumed my lock-picking. “When a lock breaks, it often shuts to all keys, even the one meant for it. What my job is, is not to damage the lock at all. Simply mimic the key that it was meant for. Caress it. Convince it that I indeed am its key, and then?” The lock popped open.

“Then?” Charity didn’t escape instantly, and instead waited for me to finish my tale.

“I don’t know.” I admitted. “Perchance leave, the lock never knowing you weren’t it’s key after all. Perhaps stay, and fashion yourself its key anyway.”

“Wouldn’t that leave the world with a lonely key?”

“We’re all lonely keys. Get your lock while you can.” I grinned, and motioned for her to escape. She nodded, and clumsily waddled out of the cage. Very clumsily. Troublingly clumsily.

“Are you alright?” I asked, hesitant for the answer.

Charity blushed and laughed lightly. “Um, I’m expecting.”

“Oh? Congratulations!”

She smiled. “Haha, don’t be too surprised. Us Chansey and Blissey are a bit different than other Pokémon. We lay eggs all the time, but they’re not meant as incubators. Well…” She blushed again. “MOST of them aren’t. They’re more like stones, really. Nothing lives inside them, but those that hold onto them and that have love in their hearts find a bit more luck along their path than usual.”

“Really?”

“Mmmm.” She nodded. “Legend says that the first Togepi actually hatched from our fatherless eggs, but only for one pure of heart. I don’t believe it though.” She rubbed her stomach happily. “I think they’re just little bits of luck for us to give back to the world.”

“Touching.” I smiled.

“Do you have a plan for our escape?” She asked calmly. “Perhaps become invisible once more? Can you do that to me as well?”

“Well, I wanted something a bit more theatrical, but I suppose that will have to do.” I smirked. “You won’t see my illusion, but everyone else will. Even if they stare right at you, into your very eyes, they will not see you. They can FEEL you though, so make sure not to touch anyone, alright?”

“Got it.”

Together, we sneaked though the door. To my dismay, the entrance was much more crowded now, and it would be nearly impossible to walk though undetected.

Like all places though, there was more than one exit.

I glanced at the open ocean. Nova said it was a long fall; from here I estimated about 27 feet. Nearly three stories. I took a step back from the ledge, impressed by Nova’s fortitude. With no other evident escape, I thought about Nova’s hurried but effective solution.

“Psssst.” I whispered to Charity. “How well can you swim?”

“Swim?” She snorted. “Does it look like I can swim?”

I looked her over again, and noticed her rather pudgy frame. Her tiny arms and feet didn’t look particularly adept at long distance swimming.

Damn.

“I can FLOAT really well though!” She giggled. “There’s a story of a man who tried to drown a Blissy. After three days he gave up!” She snorted again. “I can’t swim, but I’ll die from dehydration before I’ll drown.”

I can work with that. Might be a touch awkward, but I could paddle ON her. Save me energy, and get us both to shore. I’ll be faster than Nova too, since I know the way.

“Alright. On three, we’re jumping down there. I want you to stand like a-” I looked at her frame once more, and choose to ignore the diving tips. “…nevermind. On three, we’re jumping into the water.”

“WHAT!?” She hissed in an angry whisper. “Are you INSANE?”

“One.” I prepared to jump.

“I am not going to jump!”

“Two…” I smirked, choosing not to hear her pleas.

“No! Augh, I don’t even know your NAME! I am NOT jumping who-knows-how-many-feet-”

“Three!” I leapt.

“…Damn it!” I heard behind me.

Hah.

My snout stung when it hit the water, despite my perfect dive. The cool ocean reinvigorated me, and I quickly swam up to the surface. When I got there, I was greeted by a very angry and wet Blissy.

“Wow.” I whistled quietly. “You got to the surface faster than me.”

“I didn’t go under!” She hissed. I saw her backside, which was completely red.

“Ouch. You didn’t dive, did you?” I winced.

“Dive? Dive? Oh, if only I had thought of THAT. Because of my extremely aerodynamic frame and all!”

I stifled a laugh. “Come on, let’s get out of here.”

“I CAN’T SWIM!” Charity growled, flailing and kicking at the sky.

“I remember.” I grinned. I sunk slightly under water, then kicked suddenly, pouncing on her stomach.

“Ack! What are you doing!?” She squealed. She rotated wildly, causing me to almost fall to onside, then the other.

“Trying to- oof!” I caught a mouthful of fist as she flailed. “Trying to…swim…with you!” I growled back. “Stop struggling!”

She tried to calm down, and I adjusted myself across her vertically. I pressed my back paws in the water, and started an efficient paddle to shore. I though balancing on her would prove more of a challenge, but one grotesque fact helped our little venture. I was sinking INTO her. She was almost completely made of fat.

‘I bet that’s why she floats so well…’ I grimaced to myself as I sunk entirely too deep into her frame. I glanced up at the cliff face once more, and was pleased to see our bit of splashing hadn’t caught the attention of anyone. My illusions had done their work…

###

The shore. It seemed like days, but at last it was there. With a few more kicks, I propelled us to the shore, panting with exertion.

“Are you alright?” Charity looked down at me with concern.

“You have no idea...” I wheezed, “How BIG you are!”

Charity’s look of concern melted into one of offense. “Hey! You try giving birth every few months, and keeping your figure!”

“At least do some pushups.” I implored, and slowly struggled to my feet. I heard a ‘hmph’ behind me.

“It’s not my fault I lay eggs.” She grumbled to herself. “I like the ‘giving people luck’ part, but honestly, it’s terrible sometimes.”

“Oh?”

“Well for one, it makes me LOOK like an egg.” She growled as we walked. “And giving birth nearly six times a year isn’t pleasant either. But that isn’t the worst part.”

“What is?”

She looked at the floor, and glowered. “Whenever I laugh I pee a little.”

I looked at her with disbelief, before swallowing my witty remark at her expense. At last, we arrived to the Pokémon Center. The Nurse was standing by the entrance, and ran to hug Charity as soon as she came into view.

“Charity!” She yelped, and grabbed her tightly in her arms.

“Astrid!” Charity yelped in return, and grasped the nurse with her tiny paws.

“Are you alright? Did they hurt you?” The nurse kneeled down and pressed her fingers to her paw, feeling for a pulse. Charity pushed her hand away and smiled.

“No, no, I’m fine. Are you okay?”

“I’m fine if you are.” The nurse pulled Charity in another tight, fierce hug. “Oh, I’m just so glad you’re alright!”

“Excuse me.” I prodded at the nurse’s ankles with my paw. “Um, do you know where my trainer is?”

“Ummm…” The nurse hesitated, “Funny story about that, actually…”

*269*2013-07-05 15:59

(Josh POV)

What an insane day. My brain was spinning from the events that transpired. From the arrest, to waiting at the court, to the nurses explanation to the bailiff, it had been an eventful day. As of now, I was content to lay on the cot next to Static’s, and my mind relax after the stress of the past week.

Static snoozed quietly beside me, and I quietly stroked Myst with a subconscious hand. She purred lightly, but appeared somewhat uncomfortable with the closeness of the action. When I noticed this I pulled away, but she instinctively nipped at my fingers, and put her ears back under my hand. Reluctantly I continued, rolling my eyes at her indecision.

She was pleased with herself, of course. Well-deserved. Along with the nurse, I had praised her on a risky job well done. It could have gone much worse, and for now, I was just pleased it hadn’t.

Skarr had also done his job well. He had guarded Static like a hawk until I returned from the hardware store. Although I felt a bit guilty for my slight manipulation, the job I gave him acted as a bit of a repentance for his former mistake. He was able to sleep after I relieved him of duty, and I waited quietly outside. I didn’t actually expect Overdose of course, but when he came, I was prepared.

Overdose was getting treatment now, but not in this facility. They had restrained him, but he had broken out and destroyed some very sensitive equipment, and severely wounded several doctors and nurses. It took nearly four times the normal dose of anesthetic to put him under, and several armed guards to do it. Afterwards, he was flown to a more secure mental facility with better restraints, and supposedly experience with the more difficult patients. Supposedly, he also wasn’t the only one.

The Arena was also swarmed by the police the next night. They caught dozens of Pokémon and humans, under charges of illegal gambling and several counts of assault and attempted murder. I was originally terrified that those that didn’t get arrested would be coming after us before Sandy politely reminded me that they had no idea who we were, and to the best of their knowledge ‘Snivel’ was dead.

Sandy, Nova, and Myst were all in in the hotel room, watching movies, and passing the time. They would check on us a few times a day of course, and we would talk, but they knew we needed our rest. Wiggly would hold Static’s paw while they talked, and hug him lightly when she thought no one was looking. Nova would scurry over to me, and tell me the summery of the last few movies they had seen, ‘so I wouldn’t miss out’. Sandy would sit on the side of my bed, and call me names, but they were meant with a kind heart, even if said with a sharp tongue. We laughed together, and made the most of our time spent recovering.

To my relief, the medical staff was making a full recovery in the careful hands of their peers. Our Battle Park ticket was extended, courtesy of the Battle Park Police Force. We were also apologized to profusely by the B.P.P.F., especially by the kind officer whom I spoke with before passing out. The nurse we helped – Astrid, I believe – also thanked us profusely for our help, and apologized for her earlier rude behavior. I half expected her Blissey to hand Myst a lucky egg for her troubles, but it appeared that Charity wasn’t too pleased by her methods of rescue. Oh well. No good comes from expecting rewards from kind actions, and I wasn’t disappointed. My team was safe, and with some time to rest, we would all be healthy again.

###

“Alright. Let’s get that cast of you, shall we?”

"What are you doing with that electric saw!?"

“Stop squirming, will you? Hold still, this will be over in a moment.”

"JOOOSH!" Static yelped as the saw’s blade moved closer to his neck.

"Relax, static. This doesn’t cut skin, it only cuts the cast. Promise."

Static gulped, and his gaze didn’t break from the saw. "O-okay man, I t-trust you, b-but shit, are you sure!?…"

Astrid quickly cut the cast in half, smiling at Static’s hesitance. “There. All done. That wasn’t so bad now, right?”

Static sat motionless on the bed, breathing heavily, and looking petrified at the saw. He then looked back at me, and checked his fur to make sure it wasn’t cut.

"I can’t BELIEVE that didn’t kill me." He sighed.

“Psssssh!” Nova hissed into his hand. "Josh finds your lack of faith disturbing!"

I rolled my eyes at Nova’s reference.

“Okay. Now, we need to be gentle here.” The nurse stressed. “Even after the cast comes off, that doesn’t mean you’re okay. You still need to be gentle with yourself, and make sure you get plenty of rest, alright? NO battling for at least a week-”

“Oh come ON!” Static pouted.

“-Hey. I don’t want you coming back here, and making your poor friends sit in their rooms all day, all right?” Astrid stated.

“We didn’t mind!” Nova chimed, then backpedaled. “O-or, I mean, I didn’t mind. Did you guys mind? Sorry, I didn’t mean to like-”

“We didn’t mind.” Myst assisted Nova.

“Nevertheless.” The nurse continued. “I want you to take it easy, alright? Promise me.”

“I promiiiiise…” Static grudgingly responded.

“Good. Okay, I’m going to remove your cast now. It might feel a bit strange at first-”

“Augh!” Skarr winced in the corner of the room. “What is that odor?”

“Ewwwww!” Nova covered his snout, and Myst shied away. I winced along with Sandy.

"Now now, that’s normal." Astrid scolded telepathically. "He hasn’t been able to wash his stomach because of the cast!"

"Gross!" Static looked down, and saw his matted, brownish fur. "Ah, it looks all nasty! Will this get better!?"

"Oh yes. You just need to wash it out, and you’ll be right back to normal." Astrid smiled.

"Okay, GOOD. I was worried I would end up like Overdose or something…" Static gulped.

"No, no, no. You only had minor traces of the drug in your system, and you’ve only taken it once. The side effects usually don’t take hold unless you’ve taken a significantly higher amount of the substance."

"Usually!?"

"I wouldn’t worry if I were you." She gave Static another reassuring smile. "For now, I would focus on showering…you ARE a bit ripe…" Static winced, and hopped out of bed. I cringed at his sudden motion, and he gave me a deadpan glare.

"I can still JUMP. Am I allowed to jump? Nurse lady, help me out here."

"I would prefer no sudden movements for at least a few more days…" Astrid mumbled.

"Gawd! I don’t need to be babied here! I’m already not battling, what more do you guys want!?"

"We’re just trying to keep you safe, Stat." I stated calmly, trying to sooth him down.

"Auuugh! Can I at least take shower alone? Or should I not risk injuring myself?" Static growled.

"You should be fine." Astrid mentioned quickly.

"Thank you." Static hissed, and walked out of the room, and towards the door.

"Just be careful!" Skarr chimed evilly. Static gave him a rude gesture with his paw as he walked back to the room.

###

(Static POV)

Useless.

The hot water poured over me, and soaked deep into my muscles, and washing off the filth and grime that had smeared into my coat. The water and steam felt good, after having nothing but the touch of bedding on my body for days.

Useless.

Here we were, at the Battle Park. Josh’s dream. And I was completely ruining it! We should be battling!

We should be meeting people to battle, and learning about battle stuff, and watching people battle, and…

…and instead he’s sitting with me, waiting for me to heal. In a week, we’ll be gone, and back to Kanto. We won’t even be able to battle at the STUPID

BATTLE PARK!

I hit my head against the tile wall in frustration, with the steam bellowing around me. The water was missing me now, and all I had for warmth was the large white cloud, and the water on my face.

Water on my face? Shit, am I CRYING?

I wiped my face angrily with a paw, and stepped back into the water.

Josh must be so bored. Him and everyone else.

I growled, and scrubbed my fur harder.

Ruining a once-in-a-lifetime-

“Augh!” I shouted, and threw the soap as hard as I could. I felt something tear across my side, and I instantly cringed and fell to the floor. The water pelted me as I held my side, clenching my teeth in pain.

“Static!?” I heard Josh yelp from the other side of the door. I opened my mouth to respond, but my snout was pressing against the tub, which was filled with a few inches of water. I gurgled something, but I doubt he heard me.

“STATIC!” He screamed once more. I tried to push myself up, but the pain in my side returned, and I slumped back. The door burst open, and I felt Josh’s hands grasp me, and pull me out of the water. He rushed me to the bed, and placed me there gently but quickly, with a careful yet desperate efficiency. He stared at me for a moment, then breathed a sigh of relief.

"Oh good, you’re breathing." He let out a tense chuckle. "I was gonna me pissed if I had to do mouth-to-mouth."

I laughed a bit, but I held my side. He caught my action, and frowned. "I’m going to call the nurse."

"Don’t!" I shouted, and pawed at his jacket. "I’m fine, really! Please? She’ll put me in a cast again, and then I won’t be able to battle with you!"

"Static, you’re not battling here anyway, you’ll hurt yourself. A week off, remember?" Josh scolded.

"Oh come on! T-this is the Battle Park! You talk about this place all the time, and now that you’re here we can’t do anything, and I’m just being useless and hurt and-"

"Static." Josh rested a calming hand on my head.

"-I’m keeping all you guys from doing anything fun, and you guys are just doing this because I’ve been though some stuff and I was a bit roughed up-"

"Static! This isn’t your fault." Josh said strongly, rubbing one of my ears. I was still upset, but that small motion made me forget exactly what I was mad about.

"Yeah, but…" I trailed off.

"But what? We’re your friends. We’re here to support you, no matter what. Even if you can’t battle, we can find other things to do. Heck, we’re at the Battle Park! At the very least, we can watch other people."

"It’s not the same." I sulked, sinking into the sheets.

"Well…hmmmm." Josh thought. "Do YOU really miss battling?"

"I miss battling for you."

"But do YOU miss battling?" He asked again.

"Um…I don’t know. I guess not. That stuff with Overdose kinda…I don’t know. I’m not feeling it right now, I guess. I’m sure I will, but…" I sighed.

"Okay. So you’re sad because you feel like you’re letting me down, and I can’t battle without you? Is that it?"

"…Yeah." I nodded.

"Alright. Well, I have an idea then." Josh winked, and stood up from the bed. "It’s going to take some convincing from Sandy though. And I’ll need your help." He smirked.

"What can I do, Josh?" I sat up, eager to help.

"First? We need to track down that nurse, and make sure you’re okay. Secondly…well, I’ll tell you after."

"Josh! No, you’ll tell me now. Josh? Josh!" I whined impatiently.

###

"Sandy! Sandy, Sandy, Sandy!"

"Someone’s awake." She giggled, walking into the room.

"Sandy!" I yelped again, making sure to get her attention. "Josh wants to tell you something!"

"I do?" Josh asked.

"Yes! You do! The thing, remember! The thing you needed her help for after we got the cast from the nurse, but you wouldn’t tell me!"

"Oh that." Josh grinned, and I had the feeling he knew what I was talking about from the very beginning.

"Tell her!" I begged.

"Alright, alright. I was wondering if you could do me a favor." Josh turned to Sandy.

"Oh? What?"

"I was hoping to challenge a Frontier Brain while I was here, and I was wondering if you could loan-"

"Palmer!" Sandy smashed her hand to her face. "Oh shit, I have a battle with him soon!"

"Um, what?" Josh looked concerned.

"Sorry, you just reminded me of that with the ‘rental Pokémon’ thing! Argh, I completely forgot about it! I should have been reviewing my notes…!" Sandy pressed her hand to her head again.

"Calm down a sec." Josh placed his hand on hers, and pulled it away from her face. "What do you need to do to prepare?"

"J-just review videos of him battling other brains, and see what tactics I can use against him. Against normal people he’s simple, but he’ll pull all the stops against me. This battle’s going to be televised too, and if I lose I won’t hear the end of it for weeks." She groaned.

"Well, how about this." Josh perked up. "How about we all help you study a bit today and tonight?"

"That would be great, but…" Sandy sighed. "I don’t know. I think I work best alone, for the most part. Tonight would be fine, but I really need to get into my top game over the next few days to fight Palmer. I’m sorry, I thought we would only be here a week…" She trailed off.

"It’s fine, we understand." Josh nodded. "Could we borrow some Pokemon from the Battle Factory though? Rentals of course, just-"

"Yeah, yeah, sure." Sandy waved off the question. "I take them all the time. That’s how I got Krookodile and Charizard."

"Awesome, thanks." Josh smiled. "Alright, so we’ll help you tonight, then we’ll be off tomorrow. Sound good?"

"Mmmm." Sandy nodded. "Yeah. Alright. Is everything good here? You guys are checked out, Static’s alright?"

"Yup. He got a bit of a restraint for his side-"

"Meh." I interjected.

"-he doesn’t like it, but it works." Josh added. "So yeah, we’re good."

"Alright then." Sandy looked up, and shot us both a smile. "So, my place, then?"

###

(Josh POV)

My jaw hit the floor as soon as we reached Sandy’s floor. Her apartment was incredible. An entire wall was dedicated to a massive window, which looked out over the city, and across the ocean. All the furniture was sleek and modern, with smooth, curved edges. Another wall was a large white wall, which I quickly realized was meant for the projector.

Other than the fancy glass and furniture, the place looked a bit…empty. Almost as if it wasn’t lived in, and if everything was more for a theatre set then actually living. Nothing was out of place, and everything was meticulously clean. Not at all like the cabin.

Not to say the cabin was disorganized, however. It just more…alive. Her bed wasn’t made, there were pictures of her and Wigglytuff on the walls, and some dishes were in the sink. It looked cozy. This didn’t look as cozy, and gave off a cool, almost hollow feel. Though it looked beautiful, this wasn’t a home.

Over the next few hours, we all helped quiz Sandy on the different techniques Palmer liked to utilize in battle. I learned that he frequently fought Baton Pass teams, and as a result used a Weavile with a move called ‘Beat Up’, which attacked multiple times in quick succession. Against her though, he wouldn’t likely use such tactics, and would likely fight much more unpredictably. We made her flash cards and tried to help, but by the end of the night it became apparent that we wouldn’t be much help.

"Thank you anyway, everyone." Sandy smiled as the clock ticked dangerously close to midnight. "It’s been fun, but I definitely need some rest. Look for me on T.V. in a few days, alright?" She smirked.

"Will do!" Nova chimed.

"Of course." Skarr bowed.

"Definitely!" Static nodded.

"Certainly." Myst purred.

"I can still help, right?" Wiggly pouted.

"Of course." Sandy smiled.

"Alright, we’ll be seeing you, then." I smiled, and turned to leave.

"W-well, it’s late!" Sandy yelped. I turned and gave her a quizzical look, and she backpedaled in an attempt to save face. "I mean, I have a guest room, if you would all like to sleep here for the night."

I smirked. "Well, I doubt we would all fit on one bed-"

"I have two." She said quickly. "And one for Wiggly, of course."

"Still, I doubt we would all fit on two-"

“Then I GUESS one of you is going to have to sleep with me.” She hissed in my ear. “Preferably, the one most human.”

“Awww, but I thought you were tire-” Sandy flicked my nose. “Ouch! What was that for!?”

“You know what that was for.” She growled.

###

(Sandy POV)

“Bleh.”

I collapsed on my sofa, with a half-finished can of soda clutched haphazardly in my hand. It had been two days since Josh had been here, and coincidentally also two says since I last talked to a sentient creature. I grabbed a stained copy of my notes off my smudged glass table, from where I spilt my coffee from last night.

I looked over the paper, not really reading it, more just going over the motions. I wasn’t overly confident, or really even confident to begin with. In truth, I was just bored. I didn’t want to do this. Battles should be all gut, not statistics and math.

“Bleeeeeeeh…”

Still, it was important that I win this battle. Otherwise I wouldn’t just be mocked by Palmer, I would be on the news for weeks. Not only did I not want the publicity, I would like to be able to spent that time with Josh. Almost all the time I put aside was taken when Static was in the hospital – not that I’m upset about that, of course. It’s expected that he should spend time with Static when he was injured, and not with me.

…and leave me in the room with Nova all day, watching old movies…

“Aaaaaaaughhhh…” I groaned, and tried to clear my head. I loathed looking over my old notes at his battles, but I loathed not doing it more. Lack of preparation was the quickest way to fall in a competitive battle such as this, yet…

I’d take the damn movies with the Charmeleon over this…

It was noon, and I had just woken up, and cracked my first energy drink. Instead of actually reading the notes, I flipped on the projector.

…Just five minutes And I’ll be watching the Battle Station. See, I’m still learning. This isn’t procrastination at all.

I slouched lower in the chair, and my stomach growled loudly. It could have been a complaint from my lack of breakfast, or a grievance from last night’s cheap pizza.

Why am I always out of food? Wait, no! I have a slice of pizza left from last night. Awww yeah.

I stumbled over to my refrigerator, and retrieved the last slice. I sat back down on my chair, and greedily consumed the last slice of the cold pizza. My stomach gurgled with contentment, and I wiped my greasy hands on my notes.

Cold pizza and energy drinks. Breakfast of champions.

I hiccupped from the soda, and slouched further into the sofa, content to left my mind drift for a few moments before I began ‘studying’ once more. To my surprise, Palmer was on the projector wall. I begrudgingly focused a bit more.

“…on your fight against Sandy, later this afternoon?” A reporter asked. Palmer smiled, and waved at the camera.

“She is a worthy opponent, but with my fan’s support, I’m sure we’ll have a rousing battle.”

‘The words of one who knows he’s going to lose.’ I smirked, sipping my soda.

“And what do you think of your other, possible combatant?” The reporter questioned.

Other contestant?

“Only time will tell,” He spoke wisely, “But from what I know, I don’t believe he has even finished the Elite Four. I don’t have high hopes that he will be much of a challenge.”

“Bold words!” The reporter smiled.

“We’ll see if they’re earned.” He smiled coyly.

Combatant? Did a trainer make it through his tower? I haven’t been watching television for a few days, which means this ‘trainer’ would have needed to beat fifty trainers in the span of two days.

My sleep deprived, pizza addled brain slowly began to piece together the clues.

Also, what kind of trainer could beat the fifty trainers in the battle tower, yet not beat the Elite four?

I felt like I was on the cusp of some great discovery, with the answer only a pizza’s breath away.

If they had Pokémon that could beat the trainers, then they would have beaten…they would have beaten the Elite four.

I was so close!

Unless…unless…UNLESS THEY WERE RENTALS!

Ah-hah!

And they were borrowed from the Battle Factory!

I had it!

But who…Only I have access to that.

Oh yeah…

But wait…

Oh?

Josh…Josh made that casual comment about wanting to borrow the rental Pokémon.

He didn’t.

If he had the right Pokémon, and the right items, he’s probably smart enough…Auuugh, now I have to call him.

I reached for my phone on the glass table, accidentally knocking it to the floor.

Auuuughhhhh…

*271*2013-07-20 18:52

(Josh POV)

“KNOCKOUT!”

"Heeeellllll yeah!" Static shouted, hopping on my shoulder. I high fived him, and smiled at my Terrakion. Well, the rental Terrakion, of course. Borrowed with permission from Sandy’s Battle Factory.

The Terrakion snorted with triumph, and looked expectantly at his Pokéball. With a quick shimmer of light he was back inside, and ready for another brawl.

"That’s fifty!" Static chimed. "Now we can battle Palmer!"

"See?"I nudged my Pikachu with my head. "I told you this would be fun!"

"…Alright, fine, this was fun." Static rolled his eyes. "Now we battle Palmer, right?"

"Yup! Let’s get the team out first, though. Then we’ll head downstairs and-"

"Enough talking! I wanna tell them we won!" Static yelped excitedly. I smirked, and sent out our team.

###

"So why are we doing this again?" Nova asked, with an air of hesitancy around his voice.

"What do you mean?"I asked.

"Well…" Nova rung his hands, trying to formulate his thoughts. "What is our goal, here? Is this just for sport? Just because we can? Just because we’re here at the Battle Park?"

I thought for a moment. "Well, yes. Beating a brain is a respectable victory. I don’t think I can name a trainer that’s beaten a brain before beating the Elite four."

"Right." Nova swallowed again. "But…isn’t that kind of Sandy’s fear?"

"Hmmm?"

"Think of it this way." Nova articulated, "Sandy doesn’t like being famous, right? That’s one of the reasons she didn’t tell us that she was actually Alessandria. She likes you for you are as a person, of course, but also because she doesn’t feel like you’re pressuring her to be someone she’s not." Nova looked up at me for confirmation, and I gave him a nod. "Alright. So, and I’m not saying she doesn’t like being in the spotlight, but it’s reasonable to assume that she doesn’t like it all the time. She comes to Kanto to escape all of that, and she’s not widely recognized. But!" Nova paused for a moment to collect his thoughts. "If you become famous by beating Palmer, then you will be put in the spotlight. She will get attention for being with you, and then you both will be in the spotlight, her included, even if she doesn’t want to be."

I stopped for a moment, and pressed my tongue against my cheek. He had a point. If I were to go through with this, and I won, Sandy and I may have even less time to spend together. Suddenly I wasn’t sure if I wanted to go thought with this. What was I trying to achieve?

I suppose my thought process didn’t go much farther than amusing Static, and trying to get the next big, shiny-

"What if you didn’t win?" Myst smirked, interrupting my thoughts.

"Eh. Even losing now would probably draw attention." I waved off her comment.

"No, no, no, you misunderstand." Myst gazed up at me with her hypnotizing red eyes. "What if you didn’t win? What if someone else won? You wouldn’t lose, you simply wouldn’t be the one competing."

"…Explain?" I asked.

"What would you like to be?" Myst grinned. "Black? Tan? Brown-haired? Personally, I always believed you would look good with black hair."

I beamed, suddenly understanding. "You want to disguise me!"

"Great idea, Myst!" Nova grinned.

"There is no one better at disguises then me, my liege." Myst purred.

"And if I was under your illusion, I would still be the one to claim the victory." I considered. "Very nice plan."

"And what shall your guise be then, Josh?" Skarr pondered.

"Something unrecognizable." I responded. "It shouldn’t just be me with a few scars, or like black hair. It should be something…" I trailed off.

"Grander." Skarr finished.

"It should be unique." Myst nodded.

"It should be something people talk about!" Nova chimed.

"I think I have an idea." I smirked. "But, it might be difficult to pull off. Let me talk to Myst for a moment, and see if this is feasible…"

###

(Sandy POV)

"He’s an asshole."

"It’s sure damn annoying."

"When he calls you again, just don’t pick up. Just don’t do it. See how he likes it."

Wigglytuff sat across the couch from me, looking equally lethargic and disgruntled. Josh hadn’t picked up any of my last calls, and I was getting increasingly frustrated.

"That won’t solve anything…" I sighed. "I actually DO want to talk to him. See what the heck is up, and if he is the one that’s fighting Palmer."

"I doubt it." Wigglytuff looked down, and rubbed her belly. "I’m hungry."

"I knooooowwwwwww." I moaned. "You’re always hungry!"

"Because you don’t ever have food!"

"I have food sometimes!"

"Leftovers don’t count!"

"You can eat leftovers! Leftovers are food!"

"Leftovers are NOT food! Food is stuff you get at the store-"

"Shush! The battle’s about to start!"

"But Saaandy! I’m hungr-"

"Shush!"

“Sandy, our next contestant and Frontier Brain will now be facing Palmer, a fellow Frontier Brain in a battle of wits, cunning, and power!” The announcer cheered, shaking the small auditorium. I turned down the volume slightly, and shot Wiggly a worried look.

"The hell? I’m not on till five. Right?" I looked at Wiggly for confirmation. "Right?" She shrugged. I looked at the clock, which read 2:03pm.

“Presenting, Sandy, the Froneer Brai-hhhrm” Abruptly, the announcer coughed roughly, interrupting his speech. He doubled over and held his throat giving way to extremely raspy, harsh sounding coughs. Both Wiggly and I were on the edge of our seats, looking perturbed and worried at the announcer. He continued coughing violently and fell to the floor, with small specks of black flying from his lips, and landing on the floor below. The man shuddered on the floor clutching his stomach as a small pool of black ooze dribbled out of his mouth. His eyes shut closed harshly at first, then relaxed as he slipped into unconsciousness.

Wiggly and I looked at each other, then resumed looking at the projection. Someone in the audience screamed. The auditorium shook slightly, though from the camera or from actual shaking I didn’t know. The lights dimmed significantly, until it was difficult to discern anything on the screen. Suddenly, a low and mysterious voice echoed though the stage.

“There have been rumors though the night, that mortals no longer fear the darkness.” A voice rumbled. The camera panned to the audience, who were all looking horrified. Some tried to run out of the emergency exits. “They tell me that you believe you can hide away, and find safety with the falseness that is your...light.” The screen showed the announcer on the floor, and the small black pool at his lips. Slowly, the black pool began to bubble. “There are those that say that darkness can be defeated…”

“What do you want!?” A woman screamed in the audience. It was a scream of someone who was crazed with fear. The bubbling stopped, and an eerie silence filled the darkened auditorium.

“What do I want?” The voice pondered. “I want…I want to show you the extent of the shadows. There is one by the name of Palmer here, one who is renowned for his battling prowess. I wish to meet this man, and dual him. I wish to prove even he is no match for the dark.”

“N-no one battles Palmer without the sufficient forms!” A receptionist yelled from the back. “Fifty trainers, all in a row! No exceptions!”

“This will suffice.” The voice returned, and mystically, a stack of papers materialized in the air. The receptionist hesitantly walked forward and grabbed the papers, and looked enough them carefully. After a moment, her face grew pale.

“This…this is all in order.” She shivered. “Who…who are you?”

The black puddle began to bubble once more, and slowly, a figure began to rise out of the tar, forming legs, a torso, arms, broad shoulders, and face with glowing red eyes, and spiky hair. The entire being was the same color as the pool; dark and devoid of colors.

“I am the being that will remind you of what the night truly is.” The creature smiled with hauntingly white teeth. “You may address me as Nightshade. Now, bring me this…‘Palmer’.”

After a few moments, Palmer stepped forwards. He stood tall, and wore a light green jacket over a smooth, clean white shirt. His blond hair was slicked back, and he had a determined look on his face, unlike most who were petrified with fear.

“You wanted to face me, aberration?” Palmer glared, a Pokéball fiercely grasped in one hand.

“I do. I want the standard Battle Tower rule set; a three on three battle.” Nightshade smirked, the dim lights reflecting off his pitch black skin.

“What are the stakes?” Palmer looked at the creature with concerned eyes.

“Your SOUL!” The creature shrieked, feinting a diving at Palmer. Palmer jumped back in fright, but the aberration never truly moved. “Or the certificate of victory for the Battle Tower. Either one.”

Palmer took a shaky breath. “And if I should win?”

The creature scoffed. “If you should defeat the darkness itself, I shall disappear forever, and never again shall a human again hear an utterance of the name ‘Nightshade’.”

“…Deal.” Palmer nodded. “Are you ready then?”

“The Darkness is always ready.” Nightshade smiled.

"Duuude what the heeeelllllll?" Wiggly grinned, looking at me with wide, excited cyan eyes.

"I don’t know!" I laughed nervously, content to see how this battle would unfold.

###

(Josh POV)

“Go, Weavile!”

“Arise, one who has abandoned your soul to a shell, and has been birthed anew.”

A Ninjask and a Weavile faced off, each eyeing each other with a practiced caution. I smiled as the shadows melded into nothingness at my fingertips. Myst had truly outdone herself with this guise, and everything was falling into place perfectly. Even the announcer had played his part perfectly – collapsing, and allowing Myst’s illusion to play their role. I made a mental note to thank him later.

But not now. Now, I must focus. First, the painfully, insultingly obvious.

“Weavile, use Fake out!” Palmer shouted.

“Ninjask, Protect!”

The Weavile jumped up, and swung her paw at the flying bug. A silver sheen swept across the Ninjask, and it narrowly deflected the blow.

Now, the game begins.

“Nightshade…” Palmer’s eyes shone suddenly. “…for one born of the night, you make an…odd choice of moves.”

Take the bait, fishy-fish…

“I make the move that I deem necessary.” I quipped.

“You make a move that may have already cost you the battle.” He smiled.

It’s right in front of you Palmer. See the bait, just not the hook…

“Weavile.” He smirked. “Use Beat Up.”

Oh, clever move! One would normally use substitute, but a move like Beat Up hits multiple times, rendering Substitute not only useless, but lethal. In a normal battle, that would have rendered one out of my three Pokémon defeated.

…But this isn’t a normal battle, is it Palmer?

“Return, Ninjask! Terrakion, I summon thee!”

“Terra-, wait, what!?” Palmer shook his head.

“Weava!” Weavile shouted obediently, now attacking her new opponent. A Terrakion appeared out of the familiar red glow, wielding a light blue scarf tied around one horn.

Terrakion instantly received a rain of blows, all cloaked in a dark energy. Only upon the third successful strike did Terrakion manage to throw off the Weavile.

The Terrakion looked well for one that had taken so many blows. In fact, it looked stronger than it once had. Righteous anger burned in its eyes; a memory of a battle long ago. A hard snort erupted from its snout and it smashed a hoof into the ground, hot blooded and ready for battle.

Meanwhile, Palmer’s face grew pale.

“Justified.” Palmer sighed, and slumped slightly. “For every dark type move made against Terrakion, Terrakion becomes more powerful. And since Beat Up hits more than once, you just achieved the equivalent of three Dragon Dances in terms of attack.” He stopped to catch his breath. “You…you turned my strategy against me. You are no ordinary trainer…”

I smirked, but said nothing.

“Setting up to destroy my entire team with one Pokémon is risky…” His cool, calculating eyes burned into my own. “Was the Ninjask just a ploy this whole time?” I could tell he was playing for time, but my next move required his action first. “No…you’re too clever. It may have been a rouse, but your third Pokémon builds off the power the Ninjask. Without it, it will only be…” He gave me a knowing smirk. “A shadow of its potential power. Which means your powerful little plan relies on one crux. You getting that attack boost, and making sure that, if your Terrakion should fall, your Ninjask is the next in the arena.” He concluded.

Woah, he’s right. Well, I suppose that wasn’t an incredible feat of deduction, but…that was certainly more than average. Fortunately, I don’t plan on my Terrakion fainting.

“That is one possibility.” I acknowledged, in Nightshade’s deep, baritone.

“More than just one possibility, wouldn’t you say?” He smirked. “Also, judging by the Choice Scarf tied to your Terrakion, you already have a move selected to use against me. A move, likely, that is super effective to the type you would have previously predicted that I would use against you, and did. Darkness.”

Palmer, I underestimated you...any more inspection, and you’ll find that little hook I have hidden in your bait. My only respite is that I don’t believe a trick like this has ever actually been attempted before in competitive battling.

“And you’re clever.” Palmer nodded again. “You, of course, would pick the move that was not only damaging, but guaranteed my destruction. A fighting type. And with 150% your normal speed, and 250% your normal attack, your Terrakion would be a force to be reckoned with…unless of course…” Palmer gave one last cunning grin. “Return, Weavile! Go, Sableye!”

“Terrakion, use Agility!”

“You fool!” Palmer laughed with a crazed frenzy. “You’ve wasted your choice of moves on a move that not only doesn’t do damage, but doesn’t effect my Pokémon! You’re stuck!”

“Unless of course that was a thrift-store blue scarf tied around his horn, and not one of your league’s precious Choice Scarves.”

Palmer’s grin slowly faded, as realization crossed his face.

“You were so close, Palmer.” I cooed. “You were looking at the bait, and inspecting it from every angle. Your problem was, you were looking at it from the angle of a scholar and a master, not a desperate shadow, hoping for his moment in the light.” I bowed. “You are a worthy adversary, but in this battle it appears I have bested you.”

“What moves does that Terrakion have?” Palmer sighed, and stared at the floor.

“Rockslide, Close Combat, and X-Scissor. Plus Agility, of course.”

My heart pounded in my chest. Had I won? It was rude to ask another trainer their move set, unless the trainer whom asked was about to…

Palmer winced. “…Yes. I-I forfeit. Congratulations, Shadow.” He gave a begrudging smile. “You have indeed bested me.”

It took every ounce of self-control not to jump from excitement.

Deep breaths. For Sandy. You have to keep this guise just a moment longer, then when the cameras are off…

“Your soul, or the certificate then?” I smiled.

“I’ll sign the certificate.” Palmer chuckled. “I’ve become rather attached to my soul…”

*272*2013-07-20 23:41

(Psssst, hey guys! Would any of you be interested if I linked you to my FB page here? I do other stuff besides just this; I have a clean, extended version of this story on Fanfics, and I do reveiws of cartoons, and Let's Play videos. Post your thoughts if you care :3)

