Short (kind of) Stories

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-03-13 19:29

So it looks like he is sort of pressing his hand in to his crotch because he needs to pee. The expression in his face makes it seem like he’s looking for something, a bathroom, a place for relief, a distraction to keep him from peeing. At some point he moves over to the half wall and leaks some when he goes to sit, not realizing that it was enough to soak his shorts some. The expression on his face is one of both frustration and satisfaction from a little relief and a little warmth, giving him a bit of a tickle on his pickle, but his frustration is with whomever (person taking pictures?) is preventing him from going and peeing.

He’s not new to peeing his pants because he holds it too long. A couple of weeks earlier he was at a long movie and kept thinking he needed to go to the bathroom. But the isles were full and he was blocked in, and eventually peed his pants then too. He loves the relief that he gets and doesn’t admit to anyone, but he loves the public humiliation where others see him peeing his pants or seeing where he peed his pants.

Alex is kind of a bad boy, yet innocent soul too. He has one kink that gets him extremely turned on, he loves to hold his pee until he can’t anymore. He does it at least once a day, and isn’t afraid to do it in front of someone else. Alex also loves to control when his friends can go too, so he makes sure to be the one driving, and will intentionally go out of his way to make sure he takes a longer route if he even suspects that someone in the car needs to pee.

Vinny and a couple of his friends went shopping. His parents gave him some money to get some new clothes while they were away. So he has his hands pretty full when he starts to realize he needs to pee. At first he fidgets and then breaks away from the group to find a bathroom. As he starts to walk in to the bathroom he feels his tight briefs get warm, not realizing he’s peed some. He gets to the urinal and then realizes his hands are too full and he isn’t able to get his dick out when he begins to pee in his pants. A pair of brothers 14 and 7 walk in and the 7 year old sees Vinny has pee dripping from both sides of his pants legs and on to the floor and says to his brother that “that big boy peed his pants like you did yesterday.” They make eye contact and Vinny has tears running down. The older brother says, “im glad I’m not the only one.” The little boy says, “yeah. Big babies”

Jaden and his older brother decided to take a small weekend getaway to a beach about an hour away. Jaden overslept and was rudely awoken by his brother, who was itching to get on the road right away. Jaden got the last of his bag together and went downstairs when his brother took his bag and said “time to hit the road sleepyhead”. About 30 minutes in to the drive Jaden realized his bladder was aching, he asked about how much longer “we’ve got another 30 minutes or so bud.” He reclined the seat back and attempted to fall asleep. 10 minutes passed by and he rolled to his other side and crossed his leg a little and put his hand between his legs. “You ok bud?” His brother asked, “I’m fine.” He responded with a lie. A few more minutes he shoves his hands a little deeper between his legs. He feels a drop of pee escape. He sits up and tries to play it off as just uncomfortable. Another 10 minutes passes by and his brother says “we are almost there, you excited yet?”

“Mmhmm” is all Jaden can muster trying to hold his pee. They finally arrive and he feels a big squirt escape. As they go to check in to the hotel, and as he is standing at the counter with his brother he feels his legs getting warmer as pee starts to come out and run down his legs. A puddle forms under him.

Matthew has been playing outfield for a while now. He started peepee dancing 20 minutes in to the game and the bathrooms at the ball field are out of order. He has to wait until the next inning to swap out and he able to use the bathroom. The pitcher is up to bat and the ball comes flying in his direction. He starts running. Not realizing with each step that some pee is escaping. He catches the ball and tosses it to second base. Matthew realizes then that he’s in trouble. His light grey pants have a plate sized wet spot at his crotch. His white briefs and his sport cup are soaked where pee ran around it.

He keeps holding it as the next couple of players make their moves. During the long walk from the outfield he’s trying to walk quickly and carefully. But every few steps he begins to pee again. By the time he gets to the dugout, he starts to pee his pants all the way. One of his best friends wraps an arm around him and tries to comfort Matthew as he stands there with pee soaking his thighs, then his knees, and even his socks and shoes. Thankfully Matthews friend has a towel that he uses to shove between his legs to absorb some of the pee. By the time they rotate out, all that can be seen is the wet ring from where he originally peed.

Radu got selected to do a photo shoot with a talent group looking for teen models. He knew that today was the day. It is a warm Friday afternoon, school is out for the day and he is already wearing what he wants to have on. Because he had to check in and meet them at the scene for where they were going to be photographing him, he had to leave school right away- missing one of his regular bathroom stops on his way away from the school. It’s about a 15 minute walk once he gets off school property to make it there, and much to his dismay he realizes there isn’t a bathroom here to use. While he is signing paper work, he slightly crossed one leg over the other, more to put one foot on top of the other than anything else. He and the two photographers discuss the two places where pictures were going to be taken, and how many. They tell him it will take about an hour and they will both get about 200 pictures in total.

At first things are ok and his urgency to pee isn’t too strong. At one point he begins pressing his hand in to his crotch because he needs to pee. The expression in his face makes it seem like he’s looking for something, a bathroom, a place for relief, a distraction to keep him from peeing. They tell him he needs to focus and change positions because he was crossing his legs. The expression on his face is one of both frustration and satisfaction from a little relief as a very small squirt comes out.

He mentions to the photographer that he needs to use the bathroom, where they say “just hold it.” He’s not new to peeing his pants because he holds it too long, more often than he should, or would ever admit. He groans but continues to listen to their direction. Another squirt leaks out an he changes positions to crossing his legs again. Radu could feel his underwear getting wet as pee slowly trickles out in to his underwear. He grins as he feels the warmth spreading more and more, finally relaxing and enjoying the warmth flow freely.

Noah and his family have been on vacation, the picture we see is from the afternoon before they leave from celebrating a holiday and his 16th birthday. The next morning he and his 12 year old brother pile in the back seat of their parents sedan as they take off. Noah falls asleep and sleeps for the first 3 hours of their journey, and is woken up by the car coming to a stop as they pull in to gas up. His mom asks if he needs a bathroom break and he says no, as does his little brother. They both drift off to sleep and sleep for about an hour when Noah wakes up hearing about his little brother asking for a bathroom break. It dawns on him as he’s crossing his right leg over his left that he really needs to go pee too, his underwear were actually already slightly damp. Dad says “y’all are going to have to wait” and points to the traffic getting backed up. The car begins to roll.

“But I really need to pee.” He pleads. “Like I’m about to pee my pants. What am I supposed to do?” He presses legs together really hard as his gray shorts begin to turn darker and darker as he starts peeing. Noah looks at his brother. “It’s probably a bad time to say this, but I need to pee pretty bad too and Nathan is already peeing his pants.” His brother is crying and cuts Noah a look. Noah crosses his legs the other way really tight as he feels a squirt come out. Noah bends forward pressing his hands in to his crotch. Another squirt escapes and Noah turns to look at his brother who is watching in awe as Noah wets his khaki shorts more. Eventually giving in and letting go.

Camden is on a road trip with his big bro, Camren. Camden slept right though his alarm and made Camren wake him up causing them to be late getting on the rode. Since they were late Camden didn’t have a chance to use the bathroom. As he got in the car he felt a slight need to pee but ignored it. He ended up falling asleep again in the car for most of the trip. After 2 hours he woke up and realized he really need to pee crossing his left leg over his right. He asked his bro how much longer they had. “Almost there, about 30 mins” he answered. Camden let out a sigh as he crossed his legs tighter. 30 mins later the pulled in to the parking lot. The pressure was to much for Camden as he felt his bladder release soaking his pants and briefs. He started to cry as his big bro looked over at him. He said it was okay and that he had to pee too and was leaking. He mange to pull down his pants showing Camden his wet briefs. Camden watch in shook as his big bro fully peed himself in the car.

*001*2020-03-14 01:56

After the photo shoot ended, Radu gathered his belonging and went over to his friends house. Kxu was enjoying a little bit of “alone time” in his room while no one was home and his favorite way to jerk off was with a full bladder. He got a text from Radu saying “I’m just a few houses away. Plz hurry, I really need to pee and don’t wanna do it in my pants again.” Since his bladder was only about half relieved, he knew he needed a bathroom quick. Radu knocked on the door and crossed his legs pressing a hand into his still somewhat wet crotch and shorts. Kxu took a minute to let his boner go down, but also to make his best friend hold it some more.

He thought he read that text right, sounding like Radu was saying he peed his pants already at some point. He sent a text to Radu “meet me at the back patio.” Kxu went downstairs from his room and sat down with his legs crossed tight on the outdoor couch as Radu walked around back and sat beside him with his hands pressed in to his crotch and also crossed his legs.

“Why are we sitting out here. I really need to pee again.” Radu said as he felt his crotch get a little warm. Kxu said to him “i dare you to stay here with me and hold it a while”, not realizing that his friend was already slowly loosing the battle. Kxu was really nervous, but Radu said, “ok, but I’m pretty much about to pee my pants. Can I have something to change in to after?” He didn’t even have time to get a response, Radu’s bladder gave way unexpectedly and pee filled his briefs and shorts(gray nike shorts, same ones from the photo shoot earlier); he looked down in shame and relief for peeing his pants in front of a very close friend. Kxu watched as he heard a hiss of pee hitting the fabric, which was too much for him. He tried squeezing his legs tighter but his full bladder won and he too began peeing his briefs and gray shorts.

*002*2020-03-14 04:47

Cole wakes up excited, he has no school or anything today, he has the whole day. He decided that he was gonna hold today till he can’t anymore and pee his shorts. He got ready putting on black shorts and a light pink hoodie, he skipped the bathroom so when he peed his shorts it would be amazing. When he was ready he ran downstairs and out of the door. He walked around for a while waiting for he’s need to get bad.

After a while it got bad and he couldn’t stay still. Without knowing it he grabbed his crouch to hold his pee. He eventually finds a bench and sits down crossing his right leg over his leg tightly. He sat there for a while and he did leak some but he regained himself. He decided to get up, he had a hard time uncrossing his legs and standing up. He walked till he was about to loose it. He quickly grabbed himself and looked around to find a place to piss himself. He found a nice spot against a stop sign in the grass. He waddled over to it and as he sat he felt his bladder release. The pee soaked his briefs and shorts and grass beneath him. His pee made him feel all warm in his briefs and shorts and made he feel good.

*003*2020-03-14 14:42

Gage was hanging with his friends. Gage was a little emo so his friend group was of one. They decided to go to the park and goof around. As they were walking Gage realizes he heed to pee but it wasent bad so he put it to the back of his mind. 15 minutes later they reached the park and ran around playing tag. While the ran Gage bladder reminded him of his need but he ignored it wanting to keep playing and having fun. After a while they stopped and sat on the swings. While on the swings they saw a nice, big tree to climb so they did exactly that. When they all were in the tree Gage remember his need and his bladder reminded him as he leaked hot piss into his white briefs.

“I need to go pee, I’ll be right back” gage told his friends. But the laughed and said “We’re all up here, don’t climb down then back up Gage.” His friend looked around and smiled “We dare you to pee your pants”. At first Gage was confused but eventually let go. A loud hiss filled the air as hot pee left his body. His pee soaked his briefs and jeans and since he was sitting with his back against one tree stump and his legs where stretch out against the opposite side his pee dropped from his butt making a noise as it hit the tree below him. Gage liked the feeling but would never tell. He went on to do it many more times.

*004*2020-03-14 18:08

Another for Gage.

Gage crossed his legs as he sat on his couch watching tv. He was alone so this was the perfect time to pee himself. Earlier he put on some gray Nike sweat shorts and purple briefs. He then sat the couch watching tv and drinking water. After a while he was desperate to pee. Gage crossed his right leg over his left leg as he pushed in his bladder. Finishing his show Gage finally uncrossed his legs and felt himself leak into his briefs. He stood up knowing he couldn’t hold it much longer. As he stood he felt his bladder fully releases, soaking his briefs and shorts as well as form a puddle at his feet. He peed for what felt like hours but was only 1 minute. After he was done he sat back on the couch crossing his legs, smiling to himself as he planned to stay in the soaked shorts all day.

*005*2020-03-14 23:00

Dayna was with his friends like he was every other Friday night. As of yet, his friends heard him mumble of past experiences from peeing his pants, but they never saw it happen. One of his friends brought a drink, one with alcohol, he hadn’t ever had anything other than the sip of beer his dad would let him take from time to time. His body wasn’t prepared for what was going to happen. Because he is more active during the day, he stays pretty well hydrated and tends to pee a lot at night, the alcohol began to get to his bladder faster than he was accustomed to. They were about an hour in to the movie and he at first squeezed his legs together as he began to realize he was needing to pee, even though he just did right before the movie.

Another 10 minutes in he crossed his legs. Thankful for wearing black pants he felt a little squirt escape, he knew there was only about 20-25 minutes left. He sat there squeezing his legs tightly. Another 10 minutes passed and he felt another squirt come out. 5 more minutes passed and another squirt. He changed which legs were crossed and intentionally let a bigger squirt out, making the whole crotch of his underwear get wet. The movie finally came to an end and stood up to go to the bathroom, but it was too late, standing was enough of a shift to make his bladder surrender and his warm pee soaked his underwear and started running down both legs. His friends just sat there snickering as a puddle formed on the carpet beneath his feet.

*006*2020-03-15 02:54

Blaine is at the park with his brother who’s is one year older then him. They been at the park for hours and Blaine was staring to need to pee but he was to busy goofing around with his brother to care. Since there were goofing around and it was a hot day Blaine and his brother were drinking a lot of water. At his last stop for a drink he sat down and took a big gulp of his water. As he did so Blaine felt his crouch get warm. He quickly pressed down on his crouch stepping the flow but saw his brother coming so he just as quickly removed a hand. His brother said “hey, pose for me so I can take a pic”. Blaine did as he was told and posed even though he need to piss. After the pic was taken Blaine went to stand up but the move was too much as he begin to pee. Pee soaked his white Calvin Klein boxers and shorts. Blaine was so ashamed he didn’t know what to do. Blaine stared to cry as his brother looked at him in shock.

*007*2020-03-15 14:36

Jaden is on his last week of filming a new teen scary movie that will be a Nickelodeon exclusive with a few of his fellow actor friends. Even when the cameras aren’t recording, there is one that stays on each cast member the whole time they are on stage, just in case a great scene could still be made out of the raw candid footage, or at the very least, a blooper reel. The director calls “cut” which is the first time that Jaden has in almost 20 minutes to cross his legs and actually make himself more comfortable with his aggravated bladder.

One of his friends comes over and asks if everything is ok, Jaden lies and says yes. He turns for a moment where the camera watching him won’t see it, and grabs his crotch really hard. Jaden actually could tell that he leaked a little at some point and was just about to ask for a bathroom break when the director calls for the zombies to come out. As one of the zombies slips by him they turn and startle poor Jaden and his he feels his bladder give way as he pees his white Calvin Klein briefs and his dark cutoff jeans. As he keeps peeing he goes from having crossed legs to standing with his legs apart a little and pee runs down and forms a puddle between his feet.

*008*2020-03-15 18:23

Cade was in class with a teacher that would never let anyone leave to go to the bathroom. He’s left this class more than once with damp underwear, along with one of his other friends that has a similar situation occur just as often.

Today he’s in some light cutoff jeans that cling on to his thin legs pretty well, with a pair of white American Eagle briefs he had to have his older brother order for him online, which just arrived the day before. As usual, about half way in to class he felt that familiar sensation of warmth escape his dick and slightly dampen his new underwear. He crossed his legs quickly and sat up, leaning forward a bit to try and help. His friend turned to him and asked if everything was ok. Cade had a tear in the corner of his eye, he needed to pee worse than usual and shook his head. A moment later another squirt came out, which made a hiss that his friend could hear.

Another moment passed and he began to feel his control slip as pee flooded his briefs and jeans, puddling in his seat, and then dripping from the front on to the carpeted floor. His friend tried to talk ask a question of the teacher to draw attention and make sure he spoke loud enough to cover the sound of Cade peeing. Cade slouched down when he finished and put his head down and crossed his legs right over left as he started crying. He was familiar with the sensation and was enjoying it, but was so ashamed to have it happen in class. He felt like a kid, but was in love with the sensation of pee pooling under him. He waited to make sure he was the last one to leave the class. The teacher stopped him and asked why his pants were wet. He said to his teacher, “I knew you would tell me “No” so I tried to hold it. I didn’t want to make it noticeable. That’s why Tyler spoke up so much, he was helping me cover up my accident when it happened.”

*009*2020-03-15 23:15

Jaeden is on vacation with his family. He’s been relaxing in a beach chair for a while, and drinking tons of water to help combat the salty air. He last peed about 2 hours ago or so in the water. His parents went back to the resort to get dinner reservations situated and told Jaeden he could stay, he just couldn’t get in the water or go anywhere until they were back. He’s sitting there in some blue nike shorts with the waistband of his white CK briefs sticking out above it. He reaches over to grab the water and feels a big wave of pee needing to escape. He crosses his legs and tries to push back the urge.

But drinking all of the water that he has, is really starting to get to him. He tries to shift positions and recross his legs the other way when a big wave of desperation hits, enough so that he squirts enough pee to soak his whole crotch and the front of his shorts. While he is really enjoying the feeling he looks around to see if he sees his parents. He jumps up real quick when he feels another wave hit his aching bladder and stands there as pee begins to pour out against his will. Pee is dripping from his shorts and running down his legs, and sand begins to soak it up and cling to his feet as it gets wet while he continues to pee.

*010*2020-03-17 02:11

As he finished peeing he decided to sit back down and wait. He looked at his Blue Nike Gym Shorts amazes at his mess, he looks at his pale white legs as they shined with pee and smiles. Within a few minutes his parents come back down and tell him to start packing up. Seeing his parents Jaeden crosses his legs right over left to hide his mess. Jaeden tries to say in his chair as long as possible because he knows the instant he stands up they will notice and probably fuss at him. But he finally finished getting everything packed and stands up. His dad and mom see his darker blue Nike gym shorts and stare at him.

His dad finally says: ”you know you’re going to have to go to dinner like that in your pants. Did you pee in them?” Jaeden lowers his head and nods without making eye contact. “You are to old to be peeing your pants. Hopefully everyone seeing you in those Peed in shorts will be a punishment for acting like a kid. He walks behind his parents with a big grin. They walk to the car and load everything up and he sits down in the back seat. Because of all the water he’s been drinking and the cool air blowing, he crosses his legs as he feels the need to pee approach again.

After a 30 minute drive, they arrive at the restaurant that seats them pretty quickly. He looks around and sees a bathroom sign and starts to get up and says he needs to go to the bathroom. His dad grabs his wrist and tells him to sit back down. “If you have to pee so bad and are going to keep acting like a kid, you may as well sit here and pee your pants again.” Jaeden tries to hold it for a minute and crosses his legs again, not wanting to pee his pants here, but it’s no use. He feels his briefs get warm again, and doesn’t attempt to stop himself as he relaxes and pees his shorts and briefs again, making a loud hissing sound. The pee pools in his seat and when it can’t hold anymore pee it drips to the floor making noise.

*011*2020-03-17 22:22

Tanner went to the mall with his older sister who wanted to go to Victoria Secret. Across the hall was a little cafe, she bought him a snack and a big drink and made him promise to stay there and not go anywhere unless the building was on fire. He agreed and sat down. Tanner loves holding his pee longer than he should. And he’s not unfamiliar with wetting his pants, but he never had it happen while he was in the mall. It was always at home under controlled conditions. 15 minutes passed by and he could still tell she was towards the front of the shop talking to one of her friends that she ran in to, while his bladder began asserting its need for release. His white CK briefs got damp.

A second squirt quickly released after that. He rested his arm on his lap to cover the wet spot that began to appear. Tanner glanced down as he felt another long squirt escaped. He could feel the pee down to his butt, but felt a little relief. He drank more of his drink and about a minute later he couldn’t stop it as pee started flowing out. Because of how he was sitting, pee dropped from the stool and was running down his legs making a big wet puddle on the tile floor below him. And sat there like that until his sister came back about 30 minutes after he peed his pants. She grabbed his arm and pulled him “you are such a dumb kid. I can’t believe you didn’t go to the bathroom, now my car is going to smell like pee, and you best hope I don’t see anyone I know.”

*012*2020-03-20 15:43

BTW the characters in these stories r meant to be 18+. No age is mentioned so the reader can imagine the character is 21 or 36, etc.

*014*2020-03-20 19:27

Thanks for your feedback!! I like guys who enjoy full bladders and put it off as well. like full on wettings though. Which ones would make a good full story in your opinion?

{{1 hour ago, Spectator9 said:

Some of these "short stories" touch upon themes that I have used, and most of them could be expanded to full stories. I'm always keen on a guy who enjoys the feeling of a full bladder, so he puts off peeing and passes up opportunities to relieve himself, and then he finds he REALLY has to go and must hold it longer. I don't often have my characters fully wet themselves.

}}

*015*2020-03-20 22:37

Nico has been stuck at home for a while with all of this “home schooling” business because of the Coronavirus. He’s spent much of his down time in nothing but a pair of briefs. This morning was no different but his mother encouraged him to get out. As the morning progressed and his purple briefs were bulging for attention, he decided that he was going to go to the neighborhood play area. He slipped on a pair of black skinny jeans, a charcoal grey hoodie and took off on his adventure. He hadn’t peed in easily 6 hours, and while there was a little urge to go, there wasn’t any urgency. As he was headed out the door him mom handed him some Vitamin C and a big bottle of water.

“Now Nico, if you’re going out, take this and make sure to drink up. It’s important to stay extra hydrated.” He took the vitamins and had a sip of water and tried to hand the bottle back. “No sir” she said, pushing the bottle back towards him. “You best keep drinking.” He drank some more and left with the bottle. She stood in the doorway. “Don’t forget, don’t touch anything and don’t get closer than 6 feet to anyone else who is out there.”

He began to wonder off, all of that water was making its way through. He realized he should have peed before he left when he had to pause and press his legs together. He finally got to the park and sat on a bench with his legs crossed before eyeing a tree he wanted to climb. “Surely no one else is trying to climb a tree” he chuckled to himself. And went over to a tree that had some easy branches to climb in to. He pressed his butt against the limb and kicked up his legs and had to cross them again to help hold it when a big wave of desperation hit him. As quick as the wave came, it went away, but he also realized that he was a little damp in the crotch.

Nico tried to reposition and his bladder gave way. A couple of boys that lived a few houses down from him came over because they wanted to talk to him, but were stunned when all they could see was a stream running from under him, splashing down on the tree and then to the ground below. One boy started laughing. The older one who was in his class said “Nico, are you doing what I think you’re doing?” Nico covered his face, jumped down and ran in shame. He couldn’t speak up or anything. He made it home. He threw his bottle at his mom, followed by his wet pants and then wet underwear and ran to his room shutting the door behind him.

*017*2020-03-22 02:07

{{15 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Just a caution. Despite any disclaimer, "boys" like Nico do seem to act like they are underage.

}}

Thanks. I will keep that in mind.

*018*2020-03-25 01:27

Tom Holland has been touring around doing different TV interviews promoting the latest Spider-Man movie. Tonight was no different, so he wanted to make it special. He packed his costume and a set of breakaway clothes to wear on top. Because of all of the extra working out he’s been drinking more water than usual to keep up with his body’s needs. He went pee about 30 minutes before hand and thought he’d be ok to get through his time on the show so he went ahead and stripped down to his white briefs and put on the SpidySuit.

He put on the breakaway pants and when he bent over he felt his bladder cringe as he was given the final call to get ready to come out on stage. He bit his lower lip and tried to shake off the now present feeling of needing to pee. The time came he walked out to hear the crowed roaring with cheer and applause. He got close to the host, winked, and ripped off the breakaway suit, leaving him in just his Spider-Man costume. He knew he couldn’t make it too noticeable on camera that he had to pee, so he sat down and loosely crossed his leg.

As the interview progressed, his urgency grew with it, gradually tightening up his crossed legs till. they were knee over knee, to help him hold it. The next guest came out, so he had to scoot down the couch. But the shift in positions didn’t feel so good, a big squirt filled his white CK briefs. They joked and in his laughter another squirt came out, this time his whole crotch was wet and there was a small wet spot on the suit. A few moments later another squirt came out as he was trying to answer another question, followed by another squirt immediately after, then another.

Pee soaked the suit and couch and when it couldn’t hold anymore pee it dripped on the floor at his feet. He bit his lip, put his hands over his face and looked down. They immediately went to a commercial and dimmed the lights while he finished peeing his pants. He stood up as he finished as pee dripped down his legs as it darken the suit and pooled in the shoes of the suit and pooled at his feet. He then ran to his changing room, got dressed and left. He got to his car and was puzzled by his boner and such humiliation. A few minutes in to his drive home he came in his wet underwear that he kept on, now realizing how turned on he actually was.

*019*2020-03-25 17:15

Micheal and his younger brother by a year, Ben was playing Call or Duty. Micheal had brought beer for the both of them. They were in an online team battle and on different teams, Micheal’s team was kicking ass with a 42-15 kill score. But what his team didn’t know, and he hid from his brother, was he had to pee, bad. Micheal has on white CK trunks and tan shorts while Ben has on white CK briefs and white gym shorts. Micheal crossed his legs and put his hand and his controller on his top knee. Since the score limit was unlimited the game went on and on and Micheals need got worse and worse. But what Micheal didn’t know was that Ben also had to pee.

Micheal crosses his legs tighter as he felt a leak into his trunks. He knew he was about to lose it in his shorts if he didn’t get up know but if he did his team would suffer and he couldn’t pause an online game. So he sat there and kept playing uncrossing his legs and crossing them the other way tightly, hoping he could hold it. Sadly he was wrong as he felt another leak, and a leak after that, which lift a plate size wet spot on his shorts. He grabbed his crotch and Ben saw this and started to laugh “do you need to pee!?” he said between laughs.

Micheal shot him a look and said “I’m about to piss myself”. This sent Ben laughing even harder which caused him to leak leaving a baseball size wet spot on his shorts and wetting his briefs. Micheal didn’t see this but it shut Ben up as he crossed his legs as well. Micheal couldn’t take it anymore and let pee soak his white CK trunks and tan shorts with a faint hiss. Pee began to pool in the chair and once the chair had enough it dripped to the floor with a steady stream. Seeing this almost caused Ben to loose it but he managed just to leak.

Micheal seemed to not care that he just peed himself, he just sat there with crossed legs and kept playing. He would never tell Ben but he actually was enjoying it. Ben wasn’t doing well as he leaked again. Ben crossed his legs tightly but got hit by a wave of desperation. The wave was to much for Ben as his bladder released, soaking his white CK briefs and white gym shorts. What happened to his older brother, Michael, happened to him. Ben didn’t like it and looked in shock as tears filled his eyes.

*020*2020-03-26 00:25

Sid is both emo and a little bit of a bully. He always has on black everything, even his nails are painted black. Normally his dirty blonde hair is even colored black or has black and another color. But underneath all of that, he loves briefs and usually wears a darker color, but never black. Tonight is Halloween, he was going to meet up with some friends at a haunted house, they just never agreed on an exact time or specific place. Sid has on a pair of dark purple briefs, ripped black jeans, a black and purple designed shirt, and a black leather jacket. He arrives and sends a text to his friends saying he is going to go ahead and go in. They intentionally chose the scariest location to go, and there are a few people that are leaving in peed in pants. He thought about his bladder after he passed this one couple that both managed to pee themselves and decided he would try and hold it, since he isn’t “scared of nothin” as he would say to his friends.

The first few minutes went ok. He got in to this one room where they shut and lock the door, which closes with a very eerie creak, the music turns extra dark and mysterious and a cool chill gently blows through the room. A dozen zombies jump out of dark corners, one of which grabbed Sid and scared him so much he peed some, his underwear were definitely wet. He realized there was a special door to go through and he ran to the next part of the house. He reached down and could feel the dampness in his crotch.

The next couple of rooms were more tame, but the last room is the really scary one. They designed it to have monitors and cameras that took various pictures of you and showed you being attacked in different ways, all of which lead to you dying. Then right behind him a chainsaw started with a voice saying “it’s your turn to die” as they revved the chainsaw again, he didn’t even realize it but he was peeing his pants in fear. He saw the exit and ran out, pee still dripping from his crotch. -TK

*021*2020-03-26 16:48

Scott is getting ready to go out with his friend to a local bar and drink. Scott puts on his favorite pair of white CK briefs and stops at a mirror in his room to take a full body selfie in his briefs to send to his GF. He finished getting ready after the pic was sent and headed out to his car. Scott was worried since usually when he drink he ends up peeing himself but he couldn’t let that stop him from having a good time, he would just go to the bathroom regularly he thought. He got into his car and begin to drive. He got to the bar in 15 minutes since traffic was nowhere near bad. He got there before his friends so he got them a table and ordered a drink. As he waited for his drink he texted his friends “already there. got us a table.”. He finished the text and sent it putting his phone in his pocket as his drink got there.

After about 20 minutes he finished his drink as his friends arrived. He felt a tingle in his bladder but he ignored it as he didn’t want to leave when his friends just got there. They all ordered a drink and Scott ordered another drink. He finished his drink as he felt a leak wet his briefs. He decided to get up and go to the bathroom but it got worse as he stood. As he walked to the bathroom he felt a leak with every step. When he finally got to the bathroom his jeans were soaked. Once in the bathroom he ran into a stall and closed the door. But as he locked it a wave hit him and it was to much for his drunk self as pee soaked his briefs and jeans. It pooled at his feet. Realizing what happened he looked down in shock as tears filled his eyes. He went back out to his friends who all looked at him in shock for a second but ignored it as they all were in his shoes at one time.

*022*2020-03-27 12:53

Radu was with a few of his friends carpooling to a them park about 2 hours away. It was a rare treat, but one that he was very excited about. They left early and he made sure to drink a big glass of orange juice to make sure he was sugared up for the drive. They all went to the bathroom before they hit the road and agreed that there were no Pitt stops. About an hour and a half in, Radu was instantly regretting his big glass of orange juice, his bladder ached the last part of the ride and he was getting bouncy from all of the sugar. They arrived and got in to the park and he ran to the bathroom. As he was pulling his guy parts out, a little pee escaped.

“Whew that was close” he mumbled to himself. They all reconvened outside of the bathroom now that they were ready to go. After about an hour of riding rides, one of the girls mentioned she wanted a water and went to go get one for everyone. Radu made the mistake of chugging it and was ready to get back to riding rides. They got in line for the newest coaster that has three barrel rolls, multiple flips, it stops and goes in reverse the rest of the way back. They waited almost 20 minutes in line before getting lined up. While talking to his friends the water processed through his body, Radu stood with crossed legs, not even realizing it, but did so to help him hold in his pressing need to pee.

It was their turn to line up. Because this was a standing ride, he had a cushioned plastic piece go between his legs, which kept him from being able to hold in his pee like he normally would. As the train took off he felt a little bit of pee start to slowly trickle out of his weakened bladder. It wasn’t even coming in squirts, it was just a very slow leak. As the coaster came to a stop he began fully peeing his pants as it now went in reverse. He was having so much fun on the ride, he didn’t even care that he peed himself, almost completely soaking his light blue skinny jeans, and his favorite pair of white CK briefs. -TK

*023*2020-03-27 17:40

Nick is a senior in High School. He is enjoying his day at school goofing around with his friends. He is at lunch and is hanging with a bunch of his friends. Nick drinks his milk and juice as long as a water he gets. After they all finish they talk about the usually stuff 18-19 year olds talk about. After a while the bell rings and Nick heads to his second favorite class of the day(after lunch of course) after he says bye to his friends. Once he gets to the gym he heads into the locker room to change.

Nick strips down to his white CK Trunks and puts on his gym shorts and gym shirt, since his school colors are white and dark blue his gym shorts are white and shirt is dark blue. As he was changing he felt the need to pee so he heads to the bathroom but saw that they were busy so he shrugged the need off. He sits on the gym bleachers with cross legs as he waits for the coach, with a few friends talking. The coach arrives and Nick and his friends stand up. Nick feels a leak but he ignores it and walks over to the coach with his friends.

The coach had them all line up to walk outside to the track. As Nick stands there waiting he stands with his legs crossed, he doesn’t even realize till his friend says “why your legs crossed again Nick!? You have to pee or something?” he says jokingly. Nick uncrossed his legs and playful punches his friend. But as he uncrossed his legs he felt a leak and another as he punch his friend. Nick cussed as he grabbed himself. His friends looked at him wide eyed as his one friend says “I guess I was right, you do have to pee”.

All a sudden Nick hears a voice behind him yelling “what’s going on here!?”. This startled Nick as he jumped and he didn’t realize at first but he had start to pee himself. As he realized it was to late as his white gym shorts showed it obviously and became almost transparent. Of course he still grabbed himself trying to stop the flow but it was no good and only soaked his hand. Pee soaked his CK trunks and gym shorts and ran down his legs pooling at his feet. His friends and class watched in shock as a HS senior pees his pants in the High School gym. The pee shined against Nick’s tan skin. Nick couldn’t believe it and when he finished he ran into the locker room with tears in his eyes.

*024*2020-03-28 18:21

Radu is home playing some video games, sitting in his leather gaming chair with his legs crossed left over right. He and a friend are playing live and talking over headsets as they play one game or another. He has recently discovered he likes to hold his pee as long as possible then soak himself and does it as often as he can, and loves to put himself into situations where he can’t easily stop what he’s doing to go to the bathroom and pees himself. He sits there in his cold room wearing dark pants and a black jacket and T-shirt. At one point he thinks the game is almost over, but instead of ending, it immediately opens a new map and a new match begins. He huffs a little, and one of his friends asks if he’s ok.

“Yeah” he lies as he feels pee reaching the tip. “I just really need to pee.” He laughs, in a way of placating his need to pee. One of the boys giggles and says “just pee your pants, if it’s that bad, I do it sometimes too” his friend lies. He crosses his leg the other way(right over left) and grips as tight as he can. He puts he hands and the controller on his top knee as he swing his right top leg. The game progresses and he feels a leak come out. He takes in an inhale, the same boy asks “you still dry?” Radu lies saying yes. But he took in the breath as some pee escaped.

He jumped up out of his seat and kept playing as a leak came out. Then another. And then a leak started that just wouldn’t stop. He stood there in his room peeing his pants. The warmth of his pee almost felt like fire from how hot it was compared to how cold he was from the room being cold. A puddle formed under his feet as pee ran down his legs. Soaking his long socks his pants and all. Radu loves the feeling as he peed his pants and the pee ran down his legs. The game ended and he asked if they were ready to start another one. His friend said “don’t you need to go to the bathroom?” Radu responded “not anymore, I’m good.” He sat back down and kept playing. -TK

