The Maid and Her Client

Author: HPattern

*000*2015-07-01 00:40

Hey guys, this is my first attempt at writing an omorashi story, so I have no idea how good/bad it is. I do know that it was inspired by something on the fiction request thread, so I extend a thanks to all you guys, and the community in general! I'm open to (and hoping for) some criticism and ideas to get better, so don't hold back!

Also, I'm posting from mobile, so let me know if the formatting is really screwed up and I'll see what I can do to get on a desktop and fix it :P

It was, by most accounts, an average day for Jane as she found herself sitting in her car, heading down a congested freeway on the way to her next client, ready to do what she did better than anyone else in town. She was the sole proprietor of her own housekeeping business, a business she grew from the ground up, it's success the result of untold hours of hard work, determination, and plenty of sweat. Maybe a bit too much sweat.

It was a hot day, perhaps the hottest of the year, and Jane was struggling to stay hydrated. Her car, a well worn hatchback proudly displaying her company name on either side, really needed an A/C job, and she was regretting her decision to delay the appointment another week. She'd been through the drive-thru more times than she could count, constantly sipping water and cola as the mercury continued to rise.

Slowly the traffic started to flow, and the breeze through the car's open windows was much appreciated. She glanced at the clock in the dash, pushing the pedal down as she noted the time.

She was behind schedule, something she knew could end in disaster. As she sped through the thinning field of cars, she risked her good standing with Ms. Jennifer Newman, a woman who, while very kind, was known to be particularly strict. Ms. Newman lived alone with her daughter, her husband having left in a divorce years earlier. She was a successful businesswoman herself, managing a large insurance office in town. Between her work and her daughter, her life kept her rather busy, the main reason she had hired Jane.

Jane vey much respected Jennifer, always going the extra mile to please her. There was nothing Jane hated more than being late to a client, and this was no exception. She needed to get there soon, and for more than one reason. She tried to focus on her driving, but the need to relieve herself continued to grow.

She'd been putting it off for a bit, knowing she would have to use Jennifer's toilet as soon as she arrived. Unfortunately, she failed to account for Ms. Davis' ramblings, and the heavy traffic this time of day that she'd only just cleared, making it increasingly likely she would be forced to wait. She wouldn't dream of asking to use a client's toilet before she'd even started her work. She wasn't a child, unable to control her needs. She knew she could handle herself, but the pressure in her abdomen kept her hoping she could take care of things sooner rather than later.

She took the exit onto Main Street, nearing the Newman household, a typical McMansion in an upper-class suburb not much different from any other, her right hand resting on her upper thigh as she stopped at a red light, trying not to think about her filling bladder. She turned the corner and parked along the curb, quickly shutting off the engine.

She stepped out, adjusting her skirt as she gathered her supplies to take inside, pleased to discover the Jennifer's car absent from the driveway. She squeezed her thighs together, fending off a wave of desperation as her bladder sensed relief getting closer. Just a few more minutes she thought, quickly punching the access code into their top-of-the-line security system.

Just as she pressed enter, her heart sank. Instead of the welcoming beep she was expecting, an error code flashed red across the screen, denying her much needed entrance. On any other day this wouldn't be a big problem, but her throbbing bladder was making things a bit more complicated.

Just as she resigned herself to the lengthy wait ahead, she heard a vehicle closing in. Turning around, she saw Jennifer's luxury SUV coming up the driveway. Unbeknownst to Jane, there was something personal that the two women currently shared in common.

###

Jennifer Newman finally reached her driveway, her daughter Jessica still describing her day at school in detail. She regretted not talking much, but her attention was evenly divided between the drive home, and nursing the balloon of golden liquid threatening to mutiny inside of her. She'd hoped to quickly dash inside, with her bladder demanding release as soon as possible, but her plans changed at the sight of a car parked on the curb. Cursing under her breath, she couldn't believe she'd forgotten the maid! She'd have to hold it, she'd be far too embarrassed to open the door and run straight to the toilet like a little girl. That might be something her daughter could get away with, but certainly not a woman of her stature. She took a deep breath as she stepped from the driver seat, careful not to jolt herself as her feet gingerly touched the pavement.

###

While relieved to see them arrive so soon, Jane knew she wasn't out of the woods yet. Jennifer was her best client, and she could hardly afford to appear unprofessional in her presence. She'd have to keep it together, hoping for a chance to excuse herself appropriately.

Jennifer shoved her keys toward the door before Jane could even begin explaining the keypad problem, and barely even said hello to Jane before entering the house. She hurried into the kitchen, dropping her purse on the table, eager to retreat out of sight. She thrust her hand between her legs, bending her knees as spasms wracked her bladder, the sight of her far and away from the professional businesswoman she was.

"Is there anything I can help you with?" Jane called. "No, just brewing some coffee" came the strained reply. Jane grimaced at the thought of adding more fluids to her body, knowing that she had to accept, lest she appear rude and ungrateful. She began to unpack her supplies, with the occasional glance over her shoulder as she squirmed, shuffling around in an attempt to stifle a full-on potty dance.

Jennifer struggled to regain her composure as she poured the fresh coffee into two identical ceramic mugs. Jane managed to straighten her posture as Jennifer entered the room, crossing her legs tightly as her body urged her to resume bending over forward. Even if she'd stayed as she was, Jennifer was in no mind to notice, with her own body distracting her badly.

The two sipped their coffee slowly, both making their situations worse, oblivious to each other's identical struggle. They discussed the news, spotted with large gaps in conversation, unnoticed by either of them as they fought hard against their most basic instincts. As they reached the bottoms of their mugs, and new levels of desperation, they both gained the courage to excuse themselves. As Jane opened her mouth to speak, they heard the unmistakeable sound of a door shutting, and a rush of water through the pipes. Stifling gasps, their faces grew pale as Jessica entered the shower in the homes only bathroom.

Panic filled the women as fate seemed to bestow a cruel punishment on them both. "I'll get started" was all Jane could manage to say as she rose from the sofa, bending over slightly as she stood, taking small steps into the kitchen, a rag and bottle of degreaser in hand. Setting the bottle and rag on the counter, Jane dug her hands between her thighs, squeezing as hard as she could, desperate for relief. She'd never had to pee this badly, and wasn't sure how much longer she could keep this ocean inside of her. All she could do was keep working, hoping against hope that Jessica would be out soon.

Minutes seemed like hours as Jennifer sat writhing on the couch, her hands grasping between her legs, her belt already undone. The waistband of her trousers was torture, her bladder bulging against the tight fabric, screaming at her in pain. She ripped the belt completely off and shucked it under the couch, opening he button on her pants, the zipper opening halfway down as her bladder expanded through the newfound gap. Pressing her hands into her pale pink panties, she knew she was on the brink of leaking, so very near to soaking her couch with a river of hot piss.

The sound of the bathroom door opening was a godsend, both women unsure how they'd lasted so long. Jane scrambled towards the hall as Jessica emerged, and Jennifer quickly pulled her shirt over her exposed panties, struggling to stand up, knowing it was impossible to button her pants now.

"Can you please take a look at the sink? It keeps dripping, even when it's turned off" Jessica asked Jane as she rounded the corner. Jennifer froze in her tracks, listening on in horror, not believing her ears. "I'll fix it immediately" Jane replied, out of breath, still hobbling towards the only thing she could think about.

Jennifer reached the hall just as Jane entered the bathroom, Jen was grasping at straws, trying to think of something, anything, for Jane to do, as long as it was somewhere else. "I'll just close the door, to keep the cleanser fumes from spreading" Jane said, doubled over the sink vanity, trying to look as though she was inspecting the leak. "That's fine, I'll just be out here" Jennifer replied, unable to do anything but stay right where she stood.

Jane groaned as she shut he door, unable to consider using the toilet with Ms. Newman right outside the door, despite the volume of pee she was desperately holding back. Both hands flew under her black skirt, shoved inside her matching panties, pressing harder than she thought possible into her sex. She tried biting her lip as her groans grew louder each moment. This was it. She was running out of options.

Whimpers welling up in her throat, her defenses began to slip. Every fiber in her being was howling for relief, her bladder stretched beyond its limits, burning in her belly, she couldn't move a muscle. Seemingly frozen in time, she willed herself to stay shut, knowing the inevitable was a single movement away.

She knew she couldn't stop the flow as the first drops of urine leaked into her hands. Her mind reeling with the consequences, she looked up in shock as the bathroom door burst open. Jennifer ran in, shoving her pants down her legs as urine sprayed onto the floor. She couldn't even pull her panties down before dropping on the the toilet seat, her piss gushing like a fire hose straight through the fabric. Moaning in relief, she hadn't even noticed Jane still trying to keep her panties dry. She wasn't going to succeed.

The sound of Jennifer's pee hitting the water was just too much for Jane to take. Her body took advantage of her lapse in concentration and sent her bulging bladder into convulsions. A tidal wave of piss exploded from her pussy, spaying through her fingers all over the floor and cabinets, utterly unstoppable. She had reached her limit, far past anything she had ever experienced, and the relief was pure ecstasy. Her moans could be heard throughout the house as pleasure surged all through her body. She didn't care where she was, or who was watching, nothing mattered but the sweet release she felt in this moment.

Through the haze of her own relief, Jennifer starter to take in her surroundings, not quite believing what she had done, or what had just happened. As Jane's moans subsided, leaving her lungs heaving breaths in and out, their eyes met, and they both realized they had some things to figure out. One thing was certain, however. This relationship wasn't strictly business anymore.

*003*2015-08-01 01:53

Thanks for the feedback, guys!

{{:

...characters look like and what they're wearing...

..."J" names...

}}

I really appreciate the detailed response! I'll definitely keep clothing and appearances in mind going forward.

As far as the names, having all three start with "J" was a bit weird, now that I look back on it XD

