The Cold Sniper's Warm Urine (Sword Art Online)

Author: Captain L

*000*2018-03-04 22:41

Author's note: Alright, I actually bothered to check the SAO Wiki while writing this. Are there any glaring canonical inconsistencies this time?!

###

Shino opened her eyes, and the world's light momentarily blinded her. Well, that wasn't entirely accurate, because this wasn't the real world, and her eyes weren't being utilized. This was the virtual world of ALfheim Online, her first time experiencing the fantasy environment. And that meant she was no longer Shino Asada, she was taking on the name Sinon, as she had entered as her player name. This was a brand new adventure, with a brand new her.

Sinon wasn't much of a gamer, but over the last year, she had become a frequent player of another VRMMO, Gun Gale Online, becoming one of the game's top players in the process as she sniped all competition from a distance too far to see. It was there, on the eve of the third Bullet of Bullets tournament, that she met Kirito. After getting caught up in his game of survival against Death Gun, where she very nearly died in reality, she agreed to join Kirito and his group of friends in their MMO of choice.

To say that these sights were alien to her would be an understatement. She had plenty of experience in the video game world, with all the hours she had logged into GGO, but that only made the culture shock worse. GGO was dark, brown, post-apocalyptic, violent and depressing, and the fantasy environment of ALO was...the exact opposite, in every single way. Bright, colorful, and exotic, the empty forest she had spawned in seemed to sing like a cartoon. Sinon smiled, maybe this would be a welcome change of pace from all the recent stress of her other realities.

However, her awe was interrupted by a ding, a small notification popping up at the corner of her vision. Friend request from: Kirito. Accept? "W-wow, how fast is he?" She had seen Kirito's speed in an action in GGO, but that was movement speed. This was a whole other category. "I just made my character!" Regardless, she tapped the circle icon on the window to accept, making her first friend in her new game, she was sure the rest would come flooding in soon. With no idea where she was, she leaned back against a tree and waited for something to happen.

For a while, things were quiet, with no additional pop-ups or other players. In fact, this area seemed pretty empty for a "massively multiplayer" game. Was the world just huge, or were there not many players, at this time or any? She didn't do any research before jumping in, just trusting Kirito's recommendation, along with those female friends of his she met. "So why aren't they sending over friend requests?"

Just before the situation could become depressing, that everyone else who claimed to be her friend was ignoring her, a distant rustling of the tree's branches put her on guard. Out of habit, she reached over her shoulder and gripped, only to be met with empty air instead of the sniper rifle she usually carried. She had to be reminded, this was a new game, and she was unarmed and defenseless. Still, she readied her fists to stand a modicum of a chance in a fight.

She soon discovered, however, that her preparation was for naught, as a black-robed player flew out from the shroud of the green leaves of the forest. He looked different, but Sinon could not mistake that needlessly-dark fashion sense. "Kirito!"

Upon hearing his name, Kirito stopped hovering and looked down. "There you are, Sinon!" He descended, landing softly next to her. "Good to see you didn't spawn somewhere dangerous. There's no control to where you first appear, so long as it's on the overworld."

"How did you find me so fast?"

"Well, you sent me that text that you were about to log in for the first time, so I jumped in and started watching the player list for a 'Sinon'. Soon as I saw it, I sent the friend request, which put you on my map. Then it was just a matter of flying over. So, you went with a Cait Sith avatar?"

That's right, Sinon was given a choice between nine races, and she had chosen the cat-like Cait Sith. "Yes, the stats said they had the best eyesight and accuracy. Why? What made you choose your race?"

"Spriggan? Uh...they...had the ability to use any weapon."

Kirito sounded absolutely unconvincing, no one could possibly fall for that lie. "You picked it because they wore black, right?"

"...oh right! Lisbeth had something for you!" Kirito started tapping through his menus, into his inventory, and selecting a silver bow, materializing it in his hand. "We figured you'd want to continue playing ranged, and from your explanation for picking Cait Sith, looks like we were right."

Sinon took the bow, pulling the string in her arm to get a feel for the tension and raising it to her eye to look down its sights. "So where is everyone else? Didn't you all offer to show me the ropes?"

"Everyone else is busy today with their own things, so it'll just be the two of us."

Just then, something rustled inside Kirito's breast pocket, and the covering unfurled, allowing a small black-haired fairy girl to fly out, coming to rest on Kirito's shoulder. "Don't forget me, daddy!"

"Right, and Yui's here too."

Kirito acted like it was nothing unusual, but Sinon wasn't convinced. "Is that an NPC partner or something?"

"I wouldn't call her that...it's complicated. Anyway, ALO really isn't much like GGO, so you're going to need the rundown on magic, skills, quests, all the standard MMO mechanics. First things first, while you've we still need to head to town and buy your equipment." Kirito flashed a thumbs-up, with a matching smile. "Think of it as paying you back for doing the same for me."

Sinon looked over the black swordsman, suspiciously. "Okay...but it's not ending the same way, not on my watch. I have absolutely no interest in seeing your underwear."

Kirito was not expecting that response, he reeled back in shock and almost fell over backwards because of it. "W-who said that's what I wanted?! I-I mean, Asuna would kill-"

"Come on, take a joke!" She closed the distance and smacked Kirito on the shoulder. "Alright, let's see how well you pay me back. How close is the nearest town?"

"W-well, it's not far, but you can't fly yet. Whether we walk or you try and use your wings, it'll take us around an hour." He began walking back the way he came, deliberately keeping slow pace so as to not outrun Sinon.

Unfortunately, the consideration didn't mean much when she wasn't paying attention to his exit. "Wait, now I have to learn to fly? Hey, get back here!" She chased after him, on their way to the closest village to armor up, the first step on a grand adventure in a brave new world.

Though Yui still had some questions. "What was she talking about, daddy? Did you see her naked?"

"She still had underwear! Listen, you don't need to worry about it, Yui," Kirito assured, nervously laughing to defuse the tension. "I promise, I love your mommy very much, and I would never cheat on her!"

"Okay...but I'm still telling mommy!"

"You don't need to do that!" The two continued to bicker, as Sinon suddenly wondered what she had gotten herself into. This could turn out bad, if these were only part of the weirdos that would serve as her new, only friends.

###

"That's it, Sinon, concentrate," Kirito whispered. "Keep the string pulled back, tension high."

"Trust me, my tension's high enough already," Sinon grumbled. The two were kneeling on the apex of a small hill, looking out over an empty field, a single boar enemy minding its own business out in the open. Kirito had made good on his word of equipping her, even giving up some of his funds to dress her in armor reminiscent of her GGO attire, and now they were working off the debt and getting a combat tutorial done at the same time. Problem was, Kirito was a really annoying tutorial. "I know more about sniping than you ever will, you don't have to give me a lecture on every tiny detail."

"But have you ever fired a bow before?"

"Have you?"

"...just wait for an opening to hit the boar, and...now!"

Upon hearing the command, Sinon let her grip on the bowstring loose and sent the nocked arrow flying...where it landed safely in the grass, not even halfway to the target. The boar didn't even notice, and went about its grazing, oblivious. Of course, there were significant differences to shooting a bow compared to a sniper rifle, but that still seemed pretty pathetic. "That was only, like, a hundred meters! Is that the best a bow can do?"

"Yes, most bows rarely have a higher range stat than yours," Yui informed, reminding Sinon of her presence after she had been quiet this whole time. "The only bows with significantly higher range are legendary bows."

"Then I want a legendary bow."

"Calm down, Sinon. You've been playing this game for two hours, it's way too early to start thinking about legendary weapons. No, you just need more practice." Kirito began contemplating, complete with thumb and index finger outlining his chin, as he looked to the distance for inspiration. Half a minute later, the idea hit him. "Why don't we go to a dungeon? The corridors are narrow, so you won't have to worry about range, and with me to help with higher-level monsters, you'll be learning new skills by the minute!"

"A dungeon? How long is that going to take," Sinon asked, her face falling slightly in nervous worry.

Kirito shrugged. "Couple hours. Why? Do you have something else to do today?"

"W-well...no, not really, it's just...you know, never mind. If you think it's best, then let's do it."

"Nice! Alright, I've got a dungeon in mind, not too far from here! I promise, I'll get you on equal footing with the rest of the team by the end of the day!" With the fire of determination that a clear goal provided, Kirito began running towards the dungeon, requiring Sinon to dash just to keep up. If this was the real world, she'd be out of breath already.

Unfortunately, her stamina was not the only aspect of her real world body that she was thinking about at the moment. Before diving into the game, she hadn't used the bathroom in a decent amount of time. She didn't have to go when her consciousness shifted, but she was still preparing for it, it wouldn't do much good to need to go while she was unresponsive on her bed. She figured this session wouldn't take too long, and she'd be back in her apartment with enough time to make it to the toilet easily. But now, with a dungeon on the horizon that would take a couple of hours to clear, that timing was looking a lot more worrying. What was she supposed to do if she got desperate in that dungeon, alone with Kirito?

"No. Don't panic, Shino," she reassured herself. "You're going to do perfectly fine. You'll be done before you know it, and then the bathroom is right there. You have nothing to be scared of." She was confident, her bladder could handle a minor inconvenience like this.

###

"Now, fire!" Kirito jumped back from the large monster, opening a path for Sinon, hanging high in the air, to fire an arrow. But this was no ordinary arrow, thanks to the skills she had learned from slaying other enemies, it flew through the air like a missile with a misty aura. It pierced the monster's right arm, coating the limb with a thick shell of ice, weighing the creature down and causing it to drop its giant cleaver. And, with an opening created, Kirito ran in, sword glowing and screaming like a lunatic, and sliced a deep gash into its side. A loud roar echoed throughout the chamber, prompting the two to keep their distance, fearing the beast may enter a desperation attack. Alas, it didn't happen, as the creature instead fell over, exploded into polygons, and was no more.

"Phew...that was a war of attrition," Sinon commented, holding her bow at ease.

"Dungeons are supposed to be cleared by huge groups of players," Kirito informed, sheathing his sword. "Bosses in particular are usually near-fifty player affairs. That's why we're in a lower-tier dungeon, and why I'm sure we can do this at all. After all, I'm an experienced solo player from the SAO days."

"Alright, no need to boast. Let's just keep going, so we can fight that boss and get this done." She watched her partner turn away and begin walking away, towards the opposite door from the one they entered from, and found herself pulling her bow back up to combat position. "You ever been told you're really trusting? We still haven't settled our duel from GGO, what's stopping me from shooting you in the back and end our rivalry right there?"

"A bullet, straight from your gun to my heart? You know, some people call that a love letter. You've proven to be honorable, like the swordsmen of old. When we do settle the score, it'll be a true duel with both of us at our best. And it'll be regulation, within the rules of the system."

Everything past the whole "love letter" statement went right past Sinon without her properly hearing. As soon as that was spoken, her face started burning in a blush, the red glow complemented and highlighted by the green hue of her hair and outfit. At least it was kept to herself, as Kirito was still facing away at the time.

Desperate for a distraction, she opened up her in-game menu to check the clock and see how long she had been stuck with this moron. But the time she was presented with put her into a higher panic than their conversation. "It's been two hours already?!"

"Oh, has it," Kirito mused, but without any of the same fear. "But I thought you said you didn't have anything else to do."

"I-I mean, n-nothing planned, but I had other things I still wanted to get done today! You know, get my laundry done and stuff!"

Now that time was the question, Kirito opened his menu to confirm the hour. "It's only 4. There's still a few more floors left to clear, so I'm thinking another hour should do it." He waved his arm in the direction he was going, prodding Sinon on. "All the more reason to get a move on!"

She couldn't argue with that, time would be of the essence now, because she did have an urgent task to attend to back in the real world. The last time she had used the restroom was when she woke up, at around 9 in the morning. And while the only extra fluids she had consumed was a small bit of water with lunch before diving in, nothing could mitigate that seven hours had passed, and she had enough experience with her body to know that meant trouble. After all, she needed the toilet somewhat urgently whenever she came home from school, and that was also close to 4, with her last visit in the morning as well.

The experience was indescribable. She knew she had to be desperate, but she couldn't feel any of it. Despite the inclusion of human needs like eating and sleeping, the lack of a bathroom mechanic within ALO meant her bladder discomfort could not be translated into the virtual environment, so all she could do was imagine. That dull throbbing, that constant prodding, that inescapable desire to press her legs together and bounce in place to stave off the desire to make usage of the alleyways on the walk home because she refused to be alone in the bathrooms at school, all those memories flooded back to her. Even if it could serve no purpose, her instincts took hold as she slightly gripped the front of her black shorts.

And just in case she had any misguided optimism, that maybe she was worrying over nothing, a pop-up notification in the bottom-right corner of her vision was there to dash any possible hope. Warning: Bladder 90%, the terse wording cautioned, with a cartoon silhouette filled in up to the neck with yellow to drive the point home. After the NerveGear controversy with SAO, other VR companies went all-in on assuring the public that their products were safe and wouldn't hijack their user's body, and the most common way to allow the players to ensure their real bodies were safe was notifications about possible health issues. The Amusphere in particular gave alerts about matters such as increased heart rate and dehydration, or in her case, overhydration.

Now she had a quantifiable number to tell her how much danger she was in, one that did nothing to assuage her concerns. And it certainly didn't help that she had been in this exact situation before. Once, back in GGO, she had found herself pinned down by a large boss, all on her own, with nothing she could do but take potshots at it from a safe distance. It took forever to finally kill it, and towards the end, that same bladder warning was constantly bothering her, urging her on to end it quickly or give up. While it was nice to receive Hecaté for her patience, she was running back to a safe zone to log out and just barely made it to her toilet.

Without any confidence that she could wait the extra hour to clear the dungeon, Sinon moved onto her next option, opening her menu and hovering her finger over the Log Out button. In GGO, if a player logged out outside a town, their body would drop where it was and go unconscious, while their real body woke up. She could leave the game, take her pee, and be back in a minute, two tops.

If only it wasn't a plan riddled with more holes than a player on the receiving end of machine gun fire. She had no idea whether ALO's log out worked the same way, but she knew Kirito would freak out if she suddenly passed out. The only way to avoid either problem would be to make her need known, something that absolutely had to be avoided at all costs. He may have saved her life, but that didn't suddenly entitle him to any knowledge of her bodily functions.

"Is something the matter, Sinon?" And he wasn't the only one. Little Yui had left her place on Kirito's shoulder, and was now flying in front of Sinon's face. From what she had gathered in the conversations between the two, Yui was some kind of creation of the system, an artificial intelligence that regarded Kirito as her father. Bottom line, she was a program, not a human, so the chances she'd understand bathroom needs were slim. If Sinon were to be honest, she'd either get a lot of uncomfortable questions, or worse, Yui would ask Kirito.

No, none of that could be allowed. "No, nothing's wrong! Nothing you need to worry yourself with!" Even she knew, that was bad, she sounded so suspicious.

Good thing Yui was a naive little program. "Okay, if you say so," she chirped, happily flying back to her daddy, her task seemingly completed. Holding her breath, Sinon released a heavy sigh, relieved that her secrets remained a mystery.

Though, if things continued to go downhill as they were, it couldn't stay a mystery much longer. The bladder notification, which had since faded away, returned into view, a percent higher this time at 91%. "That hour better be a generous estimate," she worried, running off towards the door Kirito was leaving through, eager to finish this dungeon as quickly as humanly possible.

###

"How much health does this guy need to have?!" Sinon had allowed her spirits to raise when they reached the boss room in 45 minutes instead of an hour, because that meant the bathroom was all the closer. Unfortunately, it never crossed her mind that Kirito had accounted for that in his calculations.

"Three health bars? A half hour? That's pretty standard for this game!" With a second sword drawn, Kirito was going to town slashing at one of the giant minotaur's legs, very slowly draining the boss's first health bar. All the while, Sinon was pelting its face with explosive arrows, staggering it enough that it wouldn't immediate counter the tiny swordsman attacking its ankles.

Their assault was ferocious, but Kirito wasn't lying earlier when he talked about how many players usually took on one of these bosses. At this rate, it'd take another half hour to beat this guy, time Sinon was absolutely sure she didn't have. In the intervening time, her bladder meter had risen to 98%, a fact it made sure she was aware of, with the rapid red flashing it had taken to as of late. It was very possible, likely in fact, that she had minutes left before the soaking failure fast approaching.

It was still incredibly surreal to understand she was full to bursting without being able to feel even the slightest twinge, but the knowledge of her desperation was getting to her, producing a learned response, even without the proper stimulus. It didn't matter that she wasn't in any pain, her right hand still bolted to her shorts, gripping her crotch with all her strength, an attribute archers didn't have many points in. She was bouncing on her toes too, doing all she could to hold in her pee, even if she knew it would accomplish nothing.

One more tick on her notification, now at 99%. "No, I'm...I'm out of time!" If she didn't just go for it and act right now, it'd be too late. This boss needed to die in the next ten seconds, and the only way to possibly achieve that was to go all out in the battle. She had to hit this boss hard and fast, and there was only one way to do it: point-blank. No hesitation, she ran forward, jumping high into the air in her approach, high above Kirito and meeting the minotaur's face. "Eat this!" She fired off the strongest skill she had, a piercing arrow with the force of a bullet, straight through her target's head. With all her experience as a sniper, she felt confident this would end it.

Too bad this wasn't a human opponent. Her shot only dealt enough damage to leave a barely noticeable drop in the health bar, and only served to piss the beast off. Now, she was falling directly before the boss, it was angry at her, and it could still swing its axe. And her meter just jumped up to the full 100%. "Uh-oh."

"Sinon!" In a flash, Kirito flew between Sinon and the boss, holding his primary sword vertically in front of him, in a defensive position. It would have been a charming gesture, if the axe he was attempting to block wasn't huge and heavy. The minotaur swung with all its might, cutting through both of them in a single stroke. That one attack was all it took to drain both their health bars to zero, killing them both instantly. Good thing this game had no penalty for death, aside from some item loss.

Ordinarily, death to an ALO boss fight would result in the player turning into a Remain Light for ten minutes, to allow for another player to revive them. However, with no more players in the arena, the game knew not to waste everyone's time, and just deposited the two in the center of their most recently visited town, Swilvane. "That was awesome," Kirito exclaimed, throwing his arms up in celebration. "Just the two of us, and we took out a whole health bar! Just...why did you jump in like that at the end?"

Sinon didn't respond. She had all but given up, resigning herself to the accident about to happen. It probably already had, she could just imagine the soaked bed she'd be greeted with when she exited the game. But if that was the case, then why was the bladder warning still visible? It hadn't decreased, it had actually gone up again to 101%. "How?"

That was it! She was going past her acceptable limits, she was surely on the ropes, but she still had time! She just had to act fast. With a frantic speed to rival Kirito's, her fingers flew through her menus, ready to slam the Log Out button and return to the real world.

"Sinon! You're shaking!" In her distraction, she hadn't even realized Kirito was calling out to her, not until he closed the distance and grabbed her by the shoulders. "Is something wrong?" He sounded pretty panicked, not surprising considering what they had previously survived together. It was kind of nice that he was scared for her safety, but she still couldn't tell him. Looking right into his eyes, she poked the button, as her vision faded and her in-game body crumpled to the ground.

###

Shino's eyes shot open, as she looked at the white ceiling of her apartment through the tinted visor of the Amusphere. Inhabiting her real body once again, she was prepared to be struck by the worst pain imaginable emanating from her bladder ready to explode. For a second, she worried how she'd even be able to stand up and make it to her bathroom in this condition.

It turned out that fear wasn't necessary, as the shock of her consciousness changing worlds was the final jolt she didn't need. There wasn't as much pain as there should have been between her legs, but there was a lot of something else: heat. Her thighs felt warm, hot even, and there was a sticky wetness accompanying the temperature discrepancy. Not only that, but she could also hear a slight, muffled splashing.

"No..." All these sensations together were the telltale signs of pee soaking into blankets, and that meant she had failed. "After everything?!" She went to such lengths to avoid this outcome, but even a little thing was out of her grasp. A 16-year old girl couldn't prevent herself from having an accident, and that was the most depressing part of it.

Gulping, she looked down at her legs, incredibly stiff, eyes continuously darting upwards to avoid it. She couldn't avert from the sight forever, and in plain view, a yellow puddle growing outwards as it discolored her sheets and pajama shorts, staining them both with the proof of her inadequacy. Her bladder emptied, but all those fluids were staying with her, remaining on her in the worst way possible.

And another aspect to add to the shame, the cause of all this, her bladder was also somewhat small. While this meant the hissing and spreading urine ended sooner, it did little to ease her misery. "I can't even hold in this much..." Her whole goal in GGO, the reason she needed to win the BoB tournament, was to prove to herself that she had grown past the traumatized little girl she used to be, and proving she still had the holding capacity of a little girl was enough to make her rethink her development.

Either way, sitting in her own urine, wallowing in sorrow wasn't going to solve anything. Reaching up to her head, she pulled the Amusphere off and placed it on her nightstand, moving her glasses off the wooden surface and placing them on her face. Now she could see her accident in finer detail, a sight she couldn't stomach. She needed to turn away, swinging her legs off the side of the bed, feeling little drops run down her skin as she dragged her butt through the puddle before she could stand up.

The first step towards ridding herself of all the disgusting pieces of ruined fabric she left was to undress. Her light-colored shorts were totally discolored, the crotch a completely different hue now, she winced as she slid them down her legs and dropped them in the laundry hamper, careful not to touch any of the wet patch. She did need to do her laundry today, so they'd be cleaned soon. In comparison, her black panties hardly looked out of place, aside from the reflective sheen in the center and all across the back, but the wetness on her sensitive girlhood didn't lie. Into the hamper they went.

Shino lived on the second floor, and her curtains were shut, so there was no fear of anyone being able to see into her apartment. With that in mind, she didn't think it a priority to wipe her legs dry and put other pants on, she could afford to stay half-nude long enough to make her bed at least. She looked over the blankets, the puddle soaking down towards the mattress, and she let out a drawn-out, exasperated sigh. This was a sight she never liked seeing, no matter how many times she did. Thanks to the childhood trauma she carried, one that frequently flared up and turned her into a crying mess, semi-frequent bedwetting was just something she had to live with. That was the reason a plastic mattress cover awaited her as she tossed the sheets into the hamper as well, the large addition overflowing the container. At least her mattress wasn't destroyed.

She had done her duty in cleaning up after herself, now she could take a quick shower and rinse herself off. Slipping her shirt and bra off and gently placing them on the pile of sheets and shorts erupting from the hamper, she took a new set of clothes with her into her small bathroom, placing both them and her glasses on the sink counter. Actively attempting not to look at the toilet she failed to visit, she turned the water in the shower stall on and up to her desired temperature, stepping in and closing the glass door behind her. Letting the warm water wash away the other warm water, she couldn't help but allow the flowing fluid from the shower head hide the new batch of bodily fluids running down her cheeks.

Even the act of bathing was an unpleasant experience, and once she was sure she was tidied up and soaped down, she turned the water off, grabbing a towel to wipe down every inch of her skin and make sure she was dry. She hung the towel on the wall rack and put her new clothes on, allowing herself to feel relief at being in clean clothes. It couldn't have been more than ten minutes since she woke up, but it was a pleasant change nonetheless.

Grabbing a tissue to sop up the few drops that would have fallen from her legs to the floor on the walk in, she exited the bathroom, keeping a close look on the wood floor for any small splatters. However, she was distracted by the phone on her nightstand, vibrating loudly with the screen lit up. "Someone's calling me?" She didn't really have any friends anymore that would call her cell, and that curiosity drew her from her previous task. Though the call had stopped, what awaited her on the screen was the last thing she wanted to see right now. 8 missed calls from Kazuto Kirigaya. "Kirito..." She really didn't want to talk to him right now, but at this rate, he'd be calling all night until he got a response. Very hesitantly, she grabbed her phone and tapped the notification, automatically calling him back. It wasn't even a full ring before the other end picked up. "Hello?"

"Sinon?! Ah, thanks for finally answering! You just suddenly logged out without any explanation! Did someone break into your apartment again?!" He sounded very scared, very unlike his usual demeanor, even when facing down his own death.

"No, nothing like that," she assured, though quiet and monotone. "I'm sorry, I'll log back in now."

"You don't need to do that. We respawned in a safe zone, so our virtual bodies aren't in any danger once we log out. So, what happened, if you don't mind me asking?"

Shino felt like she had nothing left to lose, and gave up on hiding anything. She already wet her pants, what harm could it do? "Just me being stupid. I had to use the bathroom and I couldn't hold it long enough for us to finish."

Kazuto was silent, allowing Shino's mind to race with all the possibilities of what his response would be. Would he just hang up, or say something about that being gross before doing so? Maybe it would be some sort of empty comfort, where he says nice things that anyone could tell he didn't mean. Hell, she had no proof it wouldn't suddenly get creepy.

Still, once again, he surprised her. "You know you can just say you're logging out for a minute anytime, right? I mean, outside a fight, of course. No one cares, we all do it."

Shino was speechless. He just...didn't care. It wasn't weird to him. She was the one making a big deal out of it by assuming he would too. So why didn't she trust him? After everything they'd been through, when she had opened up about her dark past and he had been there to listen and not judge. She told him about the time she killed someone, why was it so hard to just say she needed to visit the restroom?

She was unable to say anything for half a minute, long enough that Kazuto started calling her name to make sure the call hadn't been disconnected, when her words found her. "Why didn't you tell me that before?! You could have saved me all this trouble if you had just shared that little tidbit!"

"I-I assumed it was the same in GGO! It just didn't feel like a necessary bit of information to include!"

"You know what I had to deal with, all because you didn't think that was important?! Next time we meet in person, you're giving me the yen to pay for the laundry!" Two strong-willed teenagers, their argument continued for quite some time, and Shino wasn't letting up on the verbal assault. Yet, despite that, she found herself smiling as she shouted. There was something nice about having a friend she could yell at. Maybe she was already letting her guard down around him, without even noticing. Still, she swore; if word of this story ever got out, she wouldn't hesitate to shoot him in the back with an arrow.

