The New Girl. Part 2

Author: bes31

*000*2015-08-17 22:21

This the 2nd part of a story that I put out about a year ago. I suggest you read it so you understand the characters of Tracy and Elisa.

%https://omorashi.org/topic/22795-the-new-girl/

Chapter 2: Tracy

I meant to go at least a year into this new high school before coming out as Lesbian to another school, it was what got me out of my last school, some creepy Catholic private school that acted as if they were the voice of God. My sexuality was a secret for almost five years before I was caught by a parent making love to their daughter, and that was all for me and the girl.

But, it all changed when I met Elisa. Elisa Studer was perfect for me, funny, awkward, out-going, beautiful and supportive. I love to remember the first time I met her, as I was waving my desperation with my hand to the teacher and Elisa jumped in front, I made a vow to hate that girl. It is ironic how things work like that.

Funnier than that was how Elisa and I’s relationship always seemed to focus on pee. We both were lesbians with bonds for each other turned on by desperation. I had no choice than to announce to the world that we were dating. Barely anybody knew me so it didn’t affect me, and a few bigots turned on Elisa, but she gained even more friends by stating her sexuality, and guess what, no expulsion.

That said, I did feel the need to get even for some occasions. Like the day where Elisa stopped me before the bathrooms to talk to me, even though my sides were bursting, or that first day, I wanted to get Elisa the sole desperate one. That was the plan on the day of the project, but I got lost in my own desperation.

But I would get my revenge, in Michigan. My family had traditionally spent the first week of summer in Michigan, starting off on a high note. In Michigan we would hike, go to a lake, hang around and bond as a family. This year we were going again, but this time I also wanted Elisa to come.

About a week before school ended, I asked my parents about the possibility of inviting Elisa to Michigan. They were well aware of me being a Lesbian and knew about Elisa, but were doubtful at first. There are arguments were mostly that it would take away from the family, and that we “Make-out” and stuff.

In the end, they agreed, but at the cost that Elisa and I could not engage in anything sexual past kissing, it was fair, though I wasn’t planning on following the rules for this part.

Elisa agreed to, and a week after school, she met at my house. She was in a pair of jeans and a purple t-shirt, a large bag of luggage in her hand. Elisa had already become regular with my family, my mother Janet, my father George, and my little brother Michael.

Shortly after meeting, we entered the car, me in the middle, Elisa on my left, Michael on my right. It was a seven hour drive with constant rest stops, mostly more Michael, which was disappointing as Elisa never truly got desperate.

We arrived at night and slept through the first night, and went to the lake for the first day. After one day of being sun-burnt and tired, I was tired of not seeing Elisa not desperate, so I was ready for day two.

Day two was the big day, and when the sun rised in the morning, I woke to Elisa sleeping on the other side of the bed, over the covers, in just a bra and panties. I disrobed, and slid down my underwear and replaced it with a large yellow sundress. I walked outside in just the sundress, the morning wind blowing through my entire body, it was chilling and relaxing. Now, I needed to begin my preparations.

I walked to the kitchen, where my parents were cooking breakfast.

“Hello Tracy, you want some breakfast?” My dad spoke, I sat at the table, my legs double-crossed so my parents couldn’t see under my skirt.

“Sure.” My Dad passed a plate of an omelet to me, I grab it and take a few bites, my mind engrossed in the plan. “I’d like to stay home today with Elisa, if that’s okay.” My dad looked at me, with a small smirk.

“Today we are going hiking, you used to love hiking, why today?”

“I don’t know, I just want to relax, I’m very tired after yesterday.” My father looked down, discouraged, but allowing.

“Okay, but no fooling around, you got that Tracy?” I nodded my head in false agreement. It was quiet as I finished my omelet. I had a twinge in my bladder so I walked over to the bathroom and pissed in the toilet, quickly and easily. This was step one, having our bladders mis-matched.

Step two followed, wake up Elisa. I walked over to Elisa, who looked comfortable lying in her bed, and I whispered her name close to her ear. The whisper was loud enough that the girl opened her eyes to greet me, I pecked her on the lips and she followed suit.

“Good morning Tracy.” Elisa spoke, she was standing up in her underwear looking amazing, her arms rung up as she stretched, she put out a massive yawn. “What are we doing today?”

“Today, we have the whole morning to ourselves.” Elisa smiled at me and I returned the smile back at her.

“Are your parents gone?”

“In fifteen minutes, and will be gone until 12:30.” It was currently 8:40. To give you a sense of surroundings, we were in a log cabin, four room, a kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Michael and my parents shared a room (normally Michael slept in my room, but we had to change that), Elisa and I slept in our own room. There was only one bathroom, an old, cabin bathroom with a half-working shower and a old, but clean toilet. Each door had a lock and currently, the door to our room was locked.

“Well, I need to use the girls room.” Elisa started walking, tired and thoughtlessly.

“Elisa, wait.” Elisa stopped. “I have to tell you two things, first, don’t go out to my family in panties and a bra.” Elisa nodded and walked back to her bag, she picked out a wavy black mini-skirt and a white t-shirt. “Secondly, the toilet is broken.” I lied, and Elisa stopped where she was going.

“What? How?” Elisa looked rather surprised by this lie, I calmed her down.

“Michael broke it in the middle of the night, overflowed. There is a plumber coming around four, but the toilet is off limits till then.”

“Well shit! I need to pee.”

“I know, me too. I woke up with a full bladder, and it sucks.”

“Well, how are we going to solve this one.”

“Well, we could always have a holding contest.” This was step three, set up a holding contest between full Elisa and empty me. I crossed my leg and rolled my ankle to look desperate.

“A holding contest?”

“Yeah, we each drink a bottle of water every hour or so and whoever pees themselves first wins. The rules are no peeing outside, no spurting, no nothing. Winner goes outside and gets to pee in the bushes.” Elisa nodded and I nodded to. This was a holding contest that was destined for me to be the victor. Elisa did look uneasy, like anybody before their morning piss, a fullness, not desperation, but fullness.

“Okay.” Elisa speaks and I hear the front door close, meaning that my family had left the cabin. It was time for fun. Elisa and I walked to the kitchen and drank our first bottle of water. I could tell that she was unnerved. Elisa’s legs were crossed, visibly shaking, she still maintained a smile and a laugh as we discussed random things. This was also the first time I realized the one problem with the plan, what if she holds more than I can and I end up desperate. It was a funny thought, though I was almost sure that my bladder was larger and held more than Elisa.

“Let’s go outside.” I told Elisa, she nodded in agreement. We both walked to the nearby woods, a small woody area that was right on the coast of Lake Erie. It was beautiful and chilly, the morning sun still in sky. There was also wind, but I gave no thought to my dress, Elisa had already seen anything.

Still though, a gust of wind must have picked up my dress as we walked to the woods, and Elisa noticed. “Going Commando, I see.” I blushed and turned around, nodding in acceptance.

“Why not, it’s just us, and it feels so good.” I lifted my skirt to show Elisa everything all the meanwhile holding a smirk on my face. “Come on, you would like it.”

Soon, Elisa agreed and she rolled down her white panties down to her ankles and lifted her feet and they were on the ground. “We’ll save it for the lucky bastard that finds it.” The wind lifted her skirt, revealing her cleanly shaven pussy. “It does feel good, but it does make me have to pee more.” Elisa shuffled her feet.

We spent an hour in the woods, or feet sore from the wood chips, our bare bodies, only covered by the thin clothes set upon us chilled from the wind. The temperature did begin to rise soon, so we left and we entered the house. We drank the second bottle of water. By the second one I felt a strong twinge in my bladder, even after being emptied only an hour or so before, the two bottles were a lot. This was also true for Elisa, by the time she finished gulping down the second bottle, she was in some sort of agony, she could still maintain conversation but she could barely sit still. This was expected, from the other time I truly saw her desperate.

I remember her house, and watching her get so desperate. At first I had no desire, but as I realized that she was getting pleasure out of my agony, I returned the favor. I was drawing, lying on my stomach, composed. Though my right hand was drawing, my left hand was holding my crotch. I reached the conclusion not from the agony (though it was painful), but from my drawing getting constantly worse. My hands were shaking and my hands were sweating.

“I need to pee Elisa, where is the bathroom.” I jumped up, her eyes were tall and she was quiet as if she was trying to find an answer to the question. Her face looked disappointed at something, though I wasn’t sure what it was.

“Door to your right.” She said, begrudgingly though. I tried to make sense but I was desperate so who cares. I walked into the room, closed the door and in the first moment being alone, I fell to my knees in desperation, holding myself between my legs. I was fucked, and being next to the toilet made it worse.

Then I figured out why she looked so sad, I made a conclusion before that Elisa and my constant need for the toilets for school were somewhat related. Most of that conclusion came from the day before, when I almost peed myself because of Elisa. Also, everyday Elisa would run to the sign-out before I could reach it so I wouldn’t be able to pee before Ms. Fisher started class. I thought it was creepy at first before I got to know Elisa.

I reached this conclusion at an odd spot, I was on the toilet, panties on the ground, dress lifted up and urine begging to come out, squeezing itself out of my body. It was there that I decided that if she was going to make me desperate, she wasn’t getting off easy. I had noticed that she was desperate, she had been leaning on the wall almost dancing around for an hour now. Two could play that game, and I could remember her direct fear of spiders, and I screamed.

That day was the first time I had seen Elisa desperate, I could say my first day, but I wasn’t really focused on her. It had been awhile now, and I was ready for another one.

“Alright this is number three.” We chugged down another bottle of water. This one was more discouraging than the other ones, I drank mine down quickly, Elisa did, slowly and precisely. She was desperate, and it was incredibly hot. “Damn Tracy, you do not look like you have to pee.” I looked at her, and was generally confused, because I was desperate, not seriously desperate, but the small twinge had turned into a large pain in my bladder. I guess I was better than I thought at hiding it. She was in fairly rough shape, she could not stop moving, she would walk around, back and forth, trying to put her mind off of something.

“I need to sit down Tracy, I am dying for a piss.” She began to walk, gingerly and concise, every move calculated in a slow walk. The couch was small, too small for both of us, but good sized for Elisa. She sat down and immediately crossed her legs, swinging them up and down and pushing them into her body. Elisa bit her lips frequently, giving out high pitched moans as she slowly maintained her gusher.

I copied suit, I would dance around, not knowing how real it looked. Sometimes I would go for my crotch, maybe rub under my skirt at times, and blurt out lines like “I am bursting” or “This sucks.” I thought it was a clever ruse, and it worked for now, and maybe because I was beginning to feel it. Though what I was feeling was nothing compared to what Elisa was doing, her hands perched, dancing around, her skirt slowly lifting so I can see her cute ass. I enjoy these moments of agony from her as much as she enjoys them of me.

I remember my worst case of desperation, at my old school it never seemed to happen, but it became a them at the new school. Thursday, the day before my first date with Elisa, I had to visit a counselor.

I remember it as if it was yesterday, I was in a long white dress, my hands rubbing and squeezing, and fully contemplating just the consequences of peeing myself on campus. I was bent over, in constant pain, my bladder bursting. The male counselor seemed not to notice or didn’t care, either way, anybody else would have seen me and carried me to the nearest toilet.

“So you want no changes to your schedule Tracy?” I looked at the man with regard and blurted.

“Yes! Yes.” I looked at the bathrooms, part of me wanted to run as far away as possible, have questions later, but enjoy this piss. I was on the verge of dying, I clapped my heeled shoes as we slowly walked across the main hall. I was going to piss myself in a white dress, hopefully people were accepting of a large yellow stain.

That was when I caught sight of Elisa, she looked curiously at me. I knew from the very first time we met that she wanted me for one reason. We locked eyes for a brief second that probably looked like a help signal as I wobbled over to the counselors office for a few final signings.

“Are you okay, Tracy?” The man asked, and I nodded my head. It was great we were at a desk, because one of my hands was under the dress, holding for dear life. The other one held a pen finalizing my class schedule.

“Just gotta pee, that’s all.” The counselor chuckled, I don’t know why. I always figured that he thought that I was a little peckish on the bladder scale, and not the mammoth hold I had been holding on to all day long.

Squirt. The pen went off the line, my face tensed up. My panties caught it, but I didn’t have much time. I looked down at the paper and gave the fastest signature I had ever done.

“Thank you Tracy. Goodbye.” I jumped up from out of the chair and ran to the bathrooms. I was running with one hand still in my skirt, without any care if Elisa or anybody saw me in this state of absolute desperation

“Hey Tracy, whats up?” Elisa was talking, this couldn’t happen. I dance around as I stop to respond to the girl.

“I’m…. good.” I squander a few words as another few drops exit my body and into my panties. Oh my God! I am literally fifteen feet away from the toilet and I was going to pee myself. But I liked this girl, so I act polite “Just heading for the bathroom.”

“You have a second?” I don’t, but I stop. God, at least she wouldn’t be angry if I urinate in front of her.

“Uh… Yeah sure.”

“Do you want to be partners for the English assignment, the poster and such.”

“Sure. What time?”

“We’ll set it up during class, now use the bathroom before you pee yourself.” I sprint into it, I hated her for a second, but I was going to get relief after all. Suddenly, the stinking, dirty stall became a heaven. I lifted my skirt while in the sinks and ran with my wet panties showing into the toilet. And I peed, for what seemed like forever.

It always amazes, looking back, that our entire relationship is founded upon Elisa wanting to see me piss myself. She could have talked to me during class, but instead talks to me when we both knew that I was reaching the limits of my bladder's capacity and she decides to make a decision to invite me to her house that fateful night. In a way it is weird, but also romantic.

Elisa was losing it, very quickly. I always figured that she had a weaker bladder, but now I might be corrected. Elisa was on the bed, looking forward I could see her soft vagina through her commando skirt, and she was in tears. She shook around the bed looking for a comfortable spot, but it couldn’t be found.

“I can’t do this, I give up.” Elisa spoke as she stood up to pee outside.

“No!, don’t you remember, no squatting. We must wet ourselves.” Elisa moaned as she continued standing, hunched over, in agony.

I understood her, my bladder was full. I always figured this would be a walk in the park to get Elisa desperate, but my partaking had put me in the picture as well. I was dancing around, floating my sun-dress in the air, there was no pretending in these signs.

The clock struck 12:00 and once again we were ready to drink, though I didn’t know if either of us could put it down. Around ten minutes before was the first time where Elisa commented on my desperation, it was very quickly getting worse. I was bouncing around, my body alive but cramped under the intense pressure inside of me. I felt like I could hold it, but I couldn't pretend anymore that I wouldn’t. What was more amazing is that Elisa actually thought about me and not her massive lump of liquid. I could visibly see the bladder over her tight white shirt and it amazed me, I had never seen her so desperate and I was incredibly turned on by her.

“Please! Don’t make me drink!” Elisa yelled, but I had other plans. This wasn’t solely because of how hot Elisa was, her loose black skirt jumping with the motions her agony set for herself. Every moment she would dance around and go into the same position, a slightly crouched hold with her knees bent in and her hands pushing into her body and she would be dead still as she muttered her pain. There was another problem, my parents would be home in thirty minutes and we can’t have a mess of pee in the cabin.

“We have to, I don’t want to drink either.” I begin to prepare the two glasses of water, my eyes trying to avoid the liquid as I attempt to pour with only one hand. I spill a bit but most gets in. I call Elisa over, and she waddles in. Her knees constantly bent, body reeling from the pain inside of her. I don’t know why she has held the way she had today, but its amazing. I figure that it is either because she is worried to pee in my families cabin or her plain competitiveness. I’m not sure, but I am also worried that I might lose this thing.

Elisa slowly grabs her water and gulps it down and immediately shrieking. I look at her and see a small puddle of piss on the ground under her. “I’m leaking!” She yells, and I can tell.

“I can see, looks like you are about to lose.” Elisa bends over fully, she is bursting from head to toe, and she is only maybe five minutes away from losing it all.

“Please let me go outside. I don’t want to make a mess.” That is a good point, I don’t want a mess either so I permit her. I had seen enough, I was already wet and was willing to gift a little mercy.

“You can go.” Elisa looked at me and began to run for her life (as fast as a person with a ocean for a bladder could go) to the outside. It was a bit warmer now, and a bit humid. Elisa immediately saw the nearest bush and jumped over to it. But as I saw her begin to pee, I saw something.

“Elisa! The neighbors.” Elisa stood up and looked around, seeing a older couple enter the driveway, they made eye contact with me. They could see nothing with the bush in the way, and seemed not to notice Elisa peeing. But as Elisa turned around, it started.

A few drips exited and Elisa was frozen, peeing standing up, her skirt getting fair parts of the residue. She gleamed with pleasure on her face as the drips became a jet stream. Elisa, after the first wave had come and gone squatted back down, the pee beginning to near me, which did not help my desperate situation. In fact, none of this did, I began to dance around to this look.

It took about a minute or so but Elisa finally finished, with pleasure on her face and an empty bladder next to her stomach, she stood up, and looked at me. “Well congrats! Going to pee now?”

“Yeah.” I spoke while doing the dance, “But in the toilet.”

“What?”

“I lied, the toilet is working, it was always working, in fact I went in the morning before you woke up.”

“You piece of shit!” I looked at her and began chuckling. She began to look furious, and suddenly she began to run. With my full bladder I couldn’t keep up as she entered the bathroom and locked the doors. I hobbled over, but the door was already jammed.

“Elisa. Please open up, I have to pee.”

“Do it outside, your rules.” Tracy responded, she knew my fear of humiliating myself with strangers, scaring me to pee outside with the neighbors home.

“I can’t, the neighbors are home.”

“Well, too bad.” It was 12:10, twenty minutes before my family would be home. They couldn’t see an accident on the floor, or their girl peeing outside. I was in a tough spot, I paced back and forth. My hand caressing my cramped bladder. It was full and I was certainly desperate.

“I’m serious, let me pee.” Elisa laughed. I heard the continuation of her piss on the toilet, this time through the bathroom door, I struggled to not think about it. Relief, pleasure, toilets, water. Everything was making me burst right now, I danced around, my sun-dress flying up, my body reaching its fullest.

“So, you always said that I had the weaker bladder.” Elisa yelled out of the door. “I hold onto 10 hours, and lose it, compared to your five hours. I think we know who the stronger one is.”

“I DON’T CARE OPEN THE DOOR.” I screamed at her, kicking at the door. I had to pee so bad, my palms began to sweat, my body fidgeting, my bladder pounding. I couldn’t hold on for much longer as the water from just before was entering my system.

And then suddenly, the front door opened.

“Hello!” They were fifteen minutes early. I fixed my posture as I looked at my early mother and father. I was so fucked. “We had to leave early because Michael needed to pee and refused to pee outside.” My little brother ran to the bathroom door doing a potty dance, looking at me. I could do the same thing, as I tried to keep still. My legs were still fidgeting.

“OK, I’m just going to go before Michael, alright.” I spoke to my parents and they looked at me.

“Come on Tracy.” My father spoke, “Let him go to the bathroom before you, you had all day to go.”

“I need to pee!” Michael yelled and Elisa must have heard because she opened the door. There it was, the porcelain throne, I would kill my brother at the moment to get in front of him, and I meant it. I bent over again as Elisa walked out.

“You’ll go later Tracy, come one.” Elisa grabbed my hand and walked me into out to the bedroom. I could barely stand, hobbling over as I was being pulled back into the bedroom, away from the bathroom, and relief. I feel as if I am about to completely explode, my bladder had turned from urgent strain to full out pain, all of the water I had drank rumbling inside of me.

“What are you doing Elisa.” I danced around as the door closed by behind me.

“I’m helping you, now be quiet.” Elisa took her hand and rubbed my full bladder, my body squirming as a response.

“Helping?”

“Or punishing, you choose.” I moan as she takes me to the bed. I had begun to regret trying to trick Elisa into making her burst.

“What are you doing, Elisa?”

“I held on for nearly four hours after sleeping for five. For the sake of fairness, you should stay in bed for five hours.

“What?”

“This is punishment for lying to me, to embarass me. Don’t leave the bed.”

“Or what? What would you do?!”

“I don’t think your parents would be happy to know about how you lied to me.” I had started to become overwrought with emotions. I never knew Elisa had this in him, being creul, and punishing to me. I felt the incredible pain, and my sundress rubbing the bed, knowing that I couldn’t get out of this bed and was going to piss myself, embarrassing me. Before I even know, I begin sobbing onto the bed. I hear Elisa’s anger to immediately quiet.

“Are you crying?” She asked in a sweet confused tone. I nod between tears. “You know I’m joking, right?” I nod again. I had completely lost control of my feelings, all I could feel is my absurdly full bladder. As I stare down at the bed, I feel Elisa come from behind, lying next to me, brushing my hair.

“I’m sorry, kitty.” i continue to cry, though I accept her apology. It is out moment of zen, her calming me down from this absurd breakout, and me slowly regaining control. We are there for fifteen minutes, just silent, slow and in complete bliss. Elisa begins to spoon me, giving me warmth. But then one squeeze…

“Ahh!” I shriek, in her embrace she had pushed right onto my bladder. I immediately realize that my wall had been cracked, and urine started pushing out. I jumped out of bed pushing off of Elisa, who looked up at me. I can feel my sundress begin getting wet, it was only slightly leaking, but one move and it was completely coming out. I crossed my legs and bent over, in complete pain.

There was only one thing I could do. I took all of my strength and pushed it into my crotch, and ran for the outside area, the door still open from earlier. When I moved my legs I could feel urine begin to splash out at absurd degrees, I am in a sprint, my sundress ruined by this point, urine all over the ground. I push through the door and the moment I see soil, I let go.

It was a complete gusher, a tsunami. It was pure white and clear from how much I drank. I pulled up my sundress, which was completely wet, revealing my nude bottom and urine rushing out. I checked the nearby houses for wandering eyes, and found none. And finally, I was able to relax, squat down and fully experience relief.

Behind me I can sense Elisa, and I look behind to see her, looking lovingly, holding a towel.

“I still won.” She joked, I nodded back and we both laughed. As I finished urinating, I could feel the warm towel over by cold skin from the chilly day. Then she embraced me, hugging me as I lifted from the squat.

“I can’t wait till we’re alone.” Elisa said. “To truly punish you.” We laughed again, and we lovingly kissed, long, warm and beautiful.

“Me too, baby. Me too.”

