Fifteen Minutes Too Long

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-11-22 22:31

Yeah...this is a Phoenix Wrght fanfic. The idea came to me in the middle of the night, and usually when that happens, something bad follows, so....XD Oh, yeah, and it takes place when Phoenix, Larry, and Edgeworth are in 4th grade. Just thought I'd mention that.

###

ONE--

It was long before the D-L6 case, about a week after Phoenix's stupid "class trial." Phoenix and Larry were kicking a soccerball around, and Miles Edgeworth was sitting underneath the monkeybars that he dared not climb, a book in his left hand and a pen in his right. He placed the book on his lap for a moment to sip from a water bottle, then, unknowingly, crossed one leg over the other. His mind wandered back to that morning, and the boy groaned inwardly as he recalled the tall glass of juice he had gulped down before leaving. He shrugged it off, thinking it wouldn't be too much of a pain to wait until after recess.

Phoenix kicked the ball back to Larry, his bladder protesting at the sudden movement. As true as it was that Phoenix and Miles both unknowingly shared a common dilema, Phoenix surely needed a toilet much more urgently than his ambitious friend.

Phoenix hadn't been paying attention when Larry kicked the ball back. It hit Phoenix in the stomach, and he yelped. The impact caused the spiky-haired boy to loose control of his bladder for a few seconds. A jet of warm yellow liquid escaped his body, leaving a small wet patch on his shorts.

The ball rolled behind a tree, and a lightbulb went off in Phoenix's head.

Miles crossed his legs again, his thighs pressed tightly together. He bit his lip, unable to focus on his book. There was still a good half hour left of recess, and poor Miles was beggining to doubt whether or not he could even manage to wait half of that time. He placed his book down next to him and stood up, thinking over and over again, I can't have an accident. I need to control myself.

The second Miles stood, his legs quivering as he allowed them to stretch, he was hit with a sudden desperation.

He clenched his fists, using every bit of strength in his ten-year-old body to stop himself from leaking. He bit down on his lip, chewing on the soft flesh until it bled. Grabbing himself and struggling against his own body, Miles silently but frantically repeared himself firmly.

Can't have an accident. Need to control myself.

Phoenix grabbed himself between his legs, trying not to have a accident. He was already leaking, though, and he was thankful for the cover the tree provided. Dancing from foot to foot tightening his grip, he blushed as he considered what would have happened if someone found him behind the tree, practically peeing himself. Phoenix shuddered. That would certainly be bad. As if agreeing with him, Phoenix's body released another bust of warm golden liquid into his pants. He yelped loudly, jumping up and down. He yanked his shorts down just as his bladder voided. There was a loud hissing as Phoenix allowed his bladder to empty onto the autumn leaves underfoot. It seemed like several minutes until his stream gradually stopped, and a feeling of pure bliss washed over him.

"Yo, Niiiiiiiiiiick!" Larry called, waking Phoenix from his trance. Phoenix pulled his shorts up, then, grinning kicked the ball out from behind the tree.

Miles grabbed his crotch as a sudden wave of desperation caused his bladder to throb and leak. He felt his face grow warm, as did his thighs. He quickly rubbed his legs together, swearing under his breath. He squeezed himself harder and bit down on his lip. Tears of pain and shame threatened to spill over his eyelids, and Miles had to mutter to himself, "I wonder which would be worse; wetting myself like a preschooler, or crying in front of everyone...?"

Sighing, he put down his book so he could hold freely with both hands. 

*001*2012-11-23 01:44

(Cont.)

The bell suddenly rang, signaling the end of recess. It startled Miles, and he felt himself accidentally let go. He forced himself to stop, but the temporary relief had felt so good. He stood up, holding his book in front of his crotch to hide his accident. As he entered the school,he heard Phoenix call his name, startling him yet again.

Miles said nothing as Phoenix caught up. They walked in silence., and the bathroom came into veiw.

In a moment, Miles would finally be able to-

Miles doubled over, crying out in pain. He crossed his legs and jammed his hands into his crotch. Phoenix was at his side at the drop of a hat, placing a hand on his friend's shoulder.

"Phoenix...I'm gonna p-p-p-p..."

It was too late.

The dam burst, and Miles began rappidly flooding his pants. He was still grabbing himself, still trying to stop himself from drenching his clothes. But there was nothing he could do. He sobbed loudly, the warm, sticky liquid making him feel dirty and uncivilized. Tears streamed down his cheeks almost as fast as the urine that streamed down his legs. Before he knew it, Miles was knealing in a pool of his own pee, sobbing and wailing loudly. He was crying. He had wet himself. But the worst part was that he had an accident right in front of the bathroom door, and with Phoenix watching him! He choked and sobbed, placing his forehead in his hands.

Phoenix knelt down next to him, his voice soft and comforting.

"It's okay, Miles. It was just an accident. You couldn't help it."

Miles sniffled loudly, then whispered softly, "How will I ever be a great defense attorney if I can't even control my own body?"

Phoenix frowned.

"Miles, you wanna know something? I had an accident behind the tree in the playground. See? We all make mistakes. It would have happened to anyone if they held it as long as you."

There was a long pause.

"Now come on. Let's see if the nurse has anything for you to change into."

*003*2012-11-23 04:36

Thanks!

And on the realism part: I can't believe I forgot about that. I had a couple rough rafts...in one of them it was simply that the teacher wouldn't let him (thats one mean teacher. then again, she called Phoenix a theif...O.O) and in another Larry was being a pest and wouldn't let Phoenix or Edgeworth walk away...but you're right...I completly forgot this time...TTATT

