Stealing is Wrong

Author: Axis

*000*2012-11-09 00:40

"Ooh! I wanna go in there!" Charmy squeaked as he pointed to the museum.

"OK, OK. Calm down sweetie." Amy said. She looked at Rouge, "Is that alright with you?"

"Whatever the kid wants. Maybe now he'll stop whining in that shrill voice of his."

"Oh stop. Weren't you ever a kid?"

"No."

"Sure you weren't." Amy refocused her attention on Charmy. "Come on, let's go. Hold my hand."

"Yay!" yelled Charmy. "Let's go!"

All three walked up and went inside. Amy paid admission and immediately Charmy buzzed from one interesting thing to the next.

"Ooh look at this! Hey what's that? And what is THAT!?"

Amy yelled after him."Slow down! I promised Vector I'd look after you! Come back!"

While she was chasing him around the building, Rouge stayed put. She wasn't one for goofing around. "I wonder where the bathroom is." She looked around until she found it. Closed. "Figures." she said to herself. When she turned around to look for another one, something caught her eye. It was big, shiny, and begging to be taken. She walked over to it. "Boy, what a tinkle- err twinkle. I really do need to pee." Just then, Amy came back with an upset Charmy in tow.

"Hey." Amy said, huffing and puffing. Rouge ignored her and laid one hand on the jewel.

"Rouge, what are you doing!?" Amy whisper-shouted. It was no use, she was mesmerized.

"ALERT! ALERT! THIEF! THIEF!"

Rouge snapped out of it and quickly looked around. As she heard security approaching, she spotted a storage room. She grabbed the other two and rushed inside. She heard the guards outside the door.

"Where did he go?"

Rouge rolled her eyes. Can't women commit crimes too?

"I don't know I don't see him!"

"Maybe he went this way!"

And with that, they ran away from the door as Rouge sighed in relief.

Then Charm spoke up. "I'm bored. There's nothing in here but stupid boxes."

The two girls shushed him.

"Way to go, Rouge." Amy whispered sarcastically. Rouge ignored her, partly because she was upset that her kleptomania got the best of her, and partly because of her growing desperation.

After a few hours of waiting, Charmy whispered. "Miss Amy? I need to go potty." He started into a little pee-pee dance as he struggled to hold it.

Amy comforted him. "I need to go too. Rouge, when are getting out of here? Rouge?" At this point, Rouge could barely contain all the pee inside her.

"I-I d-don't k-know." she stammered. She could still hear the guards searching for her. Suddenly she couldn't hold it anymore. With her hands shoved into her crotch, pee slowly started flowing into her panties and down her butt. A yellow puddle started seeping from under her. Rouge kept trying to stop, but she couldn't. She sobbed softly as her bladder finished emptying itself.

"Rouge? Are you OK?" Amy asked.

"Yes, I'm fine. I just couldn't hold it. I'm sorry I got you into this mess."

"It's OK I know it's hard to resist sometimes." She gave Rouge a hug. As they did, a loud faucet-like sound came from Charmy.

"Miss Amy, look! I'm going potty like Miss Rouge!" he said, beaming.

Amy quickly dived over and cupped his stream with her hands to muffle it.

"You hear something?" said a guard.

"Nah." said another. "I think we should call it. It doesn't look like he took anything.

"Sounds good. I gotta take a pee."

As they left, the three snuck out the back exit and started walking home. On their way, Amy kept grabbing her crotch and hopping from foot to foot.

"Miss Amy, if you need to go potty, just go in your panties!" then he giggled because he said 'panties'.

Amy smiled. "You know what? You're right Charmy." Amy stopped and spread her legs. Not a moment later, a large stream of urine came from under her dress and hit the sidewalk. Amy sighed with relief as she had a much needed pee.

Charmy smiled. "This was fun. Can we go potty on the floor again sometime?"

"I'm up for it, as long as there's no guards involved this time."

They all laughed as they headed home hand in hand, all with pee-stained crotches.

