They do everything together

Author: Little Widow

*000*2015-07-17 18:33

Hey. so yeah, this one gave me fits. :/ kind of makes me question the whole Rusher thing but LO IT IS COMPLETE! :D another request for Lyndeyla0669 (sorry if I spelled it wrong!). She wanted some BTR (mainly Logan) wetting. Here we goooo!!!

___

"Damnit!" Kendall swore. He and all four of his best friends were locked in a janitor's closet.

"I blame you," Logan grumbled, bouncing from foot to foot. "You and your stupid 'let's throw Katy a surprise party' plan! If it weren't for you I... I...." He stopped short and looked down with a blush, hands in his pocket.

"It's my fault too, I was the one who challenged you to that soda drinking contest," Carlos said, crossing his legs and bouncing. "I still think I could've won though." Logan winced at the thought. "Kendall, do you have cell service?"

Kendall whipped out his phone, and shook his head. "Vents?" He asked.

James shook his head. "None in here and I don't think Logie's in a position to crawl," He said.

Logan whimpered. "So we're stuck?" He asked nervously. He literally felt like he was about to explode. Stupid drinking contest, stupid caffiene being a diuretic, stupid- "Ah!" He felt a small spurt wet his boxers, shoving a hand in between his legs.

James and Kendall shared a look before they started banging on the door, yelling for help. Logan took this opportunity to slide down an empty wall and squirm.

"Hey, it's gonna be okay." Carlos said, trying to be optimistic. "Someone might here them, and then we could go home and-"

"Don't finish that sentence," He begged. "If I even think about it...." He blushed again. Carlos nodded in understanding, still wiggling himself. He had to go pretty bad too, but he was seriously beginning to doubt if Logie would even be able to make it ten more minutes, let alone however long they were gonna be stuck in here.

It actually happened about twenty minutes later. Logan gasped, squirming more before he felt his hands become warm against his will. He tried and tried but it was no use. He let his body sag before he started crying, feeling his butt and jeans flood with warmth, a faint hissing sound coming with it.

"Aw Logie," Kendall said gently.

"I'm s-s-sorry!" He sobbed.

"Shh, no you tried your hardest, we know that, right Los?" Kendall asked.

Actually, Carlos was reaching the same level Logan had been at, hands between his legs and full on potty-dancing, crossing and squeezing his legs, hopping from foot to foot. Logan sniffled, knowing he wasn't gonna be alone in his state for long. James, trying to be helpful, suggested that they try and play I Spy, or try to break down the door. In all honesty that might have been a good idea, but Kendall said they might hurt themselves. He grabbed the roll of paper towels and helped Logan clean up at least the mess on the floor, but the sight of the puddle was too much for Carlos. He was next.

He didn't try to fight it nearly as hard as Logan had, but that didn't mean the Latino didn't blush a new shade of scarlet. He closed his eyes, slowly removing his hands from between his legs as he soaked himself, whimpering. James bit his lip, beginning to feel his own need arising.

"I'm sorry," Carlos finally mumbled when he had finished. Kendall rubbed his shoulders, looking at James. In truth Kendall had to go too, but he wasn't anywhere near as desperate as the others. James though.... He was getting there.

It took all of about an hour before someone finally found them, and the four boys bolted, Katy's party supplies forgotten, as James was nearing a catastrophic level of desperation. Unfortunately, as soon as they got in the elevator, James swore loudly, having an accident himself. It gushed forth, leaving him dripping and a huge puddle inside the elevator. His cheeks heated, and he prayed to God no one saw them.

"Hey, it's okay," Kendall assured him. His friends looked at him expectantly, and Kendall sighed. It was only fair. His wasn't an accident per se, but it sure felt good to finally let go. When they were all finally cleaned up and in fresh clothes, Kendall finally spoke up.

"Today never happened, agreed?"

"AGREED," the others said vehemently. Kendall smiled, knowing that they did everything together, as the four of them. Even this.

*002*2015-07-18 05:14

{{:

This was so perfect! (and super cute)

It's also really well written, and I love the scenario!! thank you sooo much for writing this!

}}

You're so very welcome! It felt good to get back inside my BTR mindset, and It was super fun. I'm so glad you love it!

