Desperate Friendships - Page 5

Author: 222foxface222

*100*2012-06-04 04:27

{{:

Both heartbreaking and fantastic at the same time. My heart sunk at ''His father had hated when his mother kept him in pull-ups on occasions far past his sixth birthday, and had once beat him for wetting it while they were travelling.'' and I had to laugh at “But you better keep that bed dry, you little weakling.” It's really fascinating how I can feel the emotions when reading this story. Sometimes I feel just as hurt as Draco is, simply because I feel sorry for him.

The happenings between Draco and Ron were expected, but I never thought you would let Draco ask Ron to beat him. Very well-written though and it fits in the story. The diaper part surprised me as well, especially because I am not too fond of diapers. But luckily you didn't write anything explicit about it, so that's great.

Other than that I have nothing else to say! Only that I can't wait until Snape gets back in the story. I expect a marvelous piece of writing when it comes to Snarry... ;) Keep up the good work!

}}

Thanks for your thoughts, Wolf! I'm glad you're connecting with the characters and that the Draco/Ron pairing worked okay for you. The diapers were just a quick mention and don't really factor into the story too much, so don't worry! I just picture Arthur Weasley, being so into everything muggle-related, coming home one day with Goodnites or something all excited as he passed them out to his sons, haha. Snarry is the chapter after the next, and I'll do my best to make it live up to expectations--I know I've been making you guys wait for quite a while now, so it's going to have to be really good! Thanks for commenting--new chapter up in a few minutes :D

*101*2012-06-04 04:40

Can't sleep, so you guys get an update! Harry and Draco work things out and share some wetting in this chapter. A bit shorter than some of the others, but not by too much. Next up will be the long-promised Snarry scene, which I'm still tweaking a bit, so if you have any last minute ideas for it, let me know. Have a good night, guys, and thanks for reading.

Chapter 21

Draco was unable to sleep, lying awake in the darkened room, listening to the insects outside. There was a mosquito in the room, buzzing around incessantly, and although Ron had fallen asleep long ago, Draco had not been able to quiet his mind enough to feel even slightly fatigued. He lay, staring up at the ceiling, as a strange feeling of concern came over him. He wanted to be near Harry, wanted to talk to him and hold his hand. Any betrayal he had felt over the boy’s actions earlier had dissipated as the night wore on, dissolving into trifles as he spent his night locked in Ron’s bedroom, as he kissed his second Gryffindor goody-two-shoes in the space of a month.

Rather than regretting or resenting what had occurred between he and Ron, Draco was grateful for it, finding a nearly emotionless attachment that revolved around sexual fulfillment far more than emotional dependence. He was aroused by Ron, by the way he sneered and degraded and hit, and yet he did not care for Ron in nearly the same way he cared for Harry. He knew a friendship had formed between he and Ron, one that was stronger than many of the cursory friendships he had forged throughout much of his life, and, while grateful, he had come to realize just what he had found in Harry’s embrace.

He crawled off the cot, biting his tongue as he stubbed his toe so as not to wake Ron. He needed some air, needed to organize his thoughts. He couldn’t very well appear at Harry’s feet and beg him to pay attention to him; he would appear weak and childish. Besides, he was not about to let him off the hook for the way he had treated him earlier that night; drunk or not, he was convinced Harry had been the cause of him wetting himself. And yet, as he wandered down the rickety stairs, stepping lightly so as not to create noise and alert the others that he was awake, he couldn’t help but wish once again that he was alone with Harry, back at Grimmauld Place, setting the table while he watched the other boy cook dinner. The house was quiet, but as he set foot on the ground floor, he noticed that he was not the only one awake; someone was sitting at the kitchen table, hunched over with their hand curled around a cup of tea.

“Couldn’t sleep either?” Draco asked, causing Harry to lift his gaze.

“Headache,” was all Harry mumbled; it was obvious he was already feeling the effects of the alcohol he had consumed earlier.

Draco nodded once before taking a seat at the end of the table, a few seats over from Harry. The dark haired boy looked pitiful, his eyes half-closed from either pain or sleepiness, his face pale. A part of Draco enjoyed seeing him like this, seeing his retribution so clearly depicted. And yet he only allowed himself the pleasure of watching Harry suffer for a moment. He soon stood to wet a cool cloth in the sink, bring it across the kitchen, and drape it across the back of Harry’s neck. Harry moaned and leaned back against Draco’s hand on the nape of his neck, closing his eyes as he felt the pleasant coolness of the cloth.

“You’re amazing,” Harry said, clearly grateful for even the smallest bit of relief.

“Do you feel sick?” Draco asked, but Harry shook his head slowly.

“I feel like my head is being torn apart,” he managed.

Draco knew that his Uncle Snape occasionally suffered from migraines, and had ever since he was a little boy. He had seen first-hand the blinding pain, the debilitating effect of feeling as if your brain were too large for your skull. Taking Harry’s hand in his, he sat next to him and encouraged him to lay his head down on the table. The kindness of Draco, combined with the pain, seemed to be too much for Harry, whose eyebrows came close together as tears began silently falling down his cheeks.

“I was such a jerk to you,” Harry said. “I’m so sorry, Dray.”

Draco was surprised at just how content the use of Harry’s nickname for him could make him feel. Despite the blinding anger he had felt only hours before, he felt as if an entire lifetime had passed, that he no longer looked at himself in the same way he previously had.

“Harry,” Draco said, heart beating as he worried over Harry’s potential reaction. “I sort of...kissed Ron.”

Harry opened his eyes and twisted his head slightly until he could look the blonde in the eye.

“And?”

Draco shrugged.

“And it only made me wish it were you lying on top of me.”

Harry looked at him for a long minute before closing his eyes once again, burying his face in his arms on the table.

“Okay,” he said.

Draco could not help but smirk. Leave it to the Gryffindor Golden Boy to be as laid back and forgiving towards sexual liaisons as he was about nearly everything else. Draco leaned down and kissed Harry on the cheek and the nose and then the forehead, slowly, taking his time with each part of his face. After a time, as Harry began to drift to sleep, Draco led him to stand and encouraged him to try to make it upstairs to bed. Supporting him, he guided Harry up the stairs, hoping the others were deep sleepers; he was unable to keep Harry quiet despite the fact that neither of them were wearing shoes. It took a considerable amount of effort, but eventually Draco succeeded in getting Harry upstairs, where he nudged his way back into Ron’s room and let Harry collapse onto the spare bed. Taking the blanket back from the cot, Draco spread it across Harry before climbing in next to him, wrapping his arms around the boy and humming until he fell completely asleep.

###

Draco woke to the feeling of a warm stream of pee trailing down his thigh. Groaning, he lifted the blankets, still half-asleep as he watched Harry pee his pants, dark wetness quickly spreading throughout the boy’s crotch and down his legs. The stream was forceful enough to appear spurting out from the darkened fabric at times, bubbling up and streaming down his pants and onto the sheets below. Draco crooked his knee as he moved his thigh closer to Harry’s crotch, closing his eyes as the hot urine saturated his pajama pants and coated his skin. He squirmed in place, having to pee himself, willing his bladder to hold on long enough for him to gain the full satisfaction of feeling Harry pee on him.

Harry seemed to pee for long over a minute, the pent-up alcohol finally released from his overtaxed bladder as the dark haired boy seemed to go on sleeping soundly. Draco wriggled and could not help but leak a bit into his briefs, the wetness making him bold enough to stay in bed just a bit longer, to see just how long he could hold it in the face of Harry wetting on him, taunting and teasing him with the wetness spreading on the sheets below them and the slight smile appearing on Harry’s face unconsciously. Draco had yet to see Harry wet his bed accidentally, and it was a sight he prayed he would be allowed to see again in the near future. If this was the result of Harry’s drunk escapades, it may just make up for how nasty his attitude became when he was smashed.

Letting a slight whimper escape, Draco felt more pee dribbling into his dampened underwear. He closed his eyes, pressing his legs together, and very nearly gasped when he felt a hand press up against his crotch. It was Harry, who blinked his eyes open and smirked at Draco, his hand cupping the blonde’s slightly wet crotch and squeezing gently.

“Gotta go?” Harry asked, either oblivious or apathetic towards the fact that he had just wet the bed.

Draco nodded, closing his eyes again as he arched his back in order to press his crotch up against Harry’s hand, grateful for the pressure. He felt small spurts of pee escaping every few moments, but somehow retained little desire to get out of bed and use the loo. He liked the way Harry looked at him, the way he lay in a puddle of cooling pee as if it were the most normal thing in the world. He had missed him; there was no doubt about that.

“I’m sorry for the way I acted,” Harry said quietly. “It was just so strange that you were here at the Weasley’s. And I wanted to spend time with you, but I knew Ron would feel jealous, and Ginny...”

“Shh,” Draco nearly moaned. “Don’t talk, please.”

He closed his eyes and lifted one thigh up over Harry’s waist, moving closer to him as he shoved his groin into the boy’s large hand, begging him to hold him, to keep the pee from escaping. He didn’t want Harry to talk, didn’t want to be brought back to the reality of the everyday. He wanted to remain within the dreamlike state between sleep and awake, where no one had to answer for just how nice it felt to let yourself soak your pants and sheets and mattress.

He groaned as a long jet of pee was released, relief so close and yet so confusing. But he pushed aside any thoughts of shame as he crossed his arms to his chest and leaned against Harry’s chest, letting the larger boy wrap his arms around his back as he squirmed against him, humping his waist to keep the pee from escaping. Harry pressed between his legs, moaning gently each time a fresh trickle or spurt of liquid could be felt against his hand. He lifted his face and found Draco’s lips, relieved to have met with the closeness of his boyfriend once again.

They kissed until Draco whined from the pressure, until he furrowed his eyebrows and scrunched up his eyes and started breathing quickly, they kissed until Draco began to wet himself uncontrollably, until the urine burst into his briefs without warning and he arched his back and relaxed his bladder, hoping the stream of pee coating his crotch and his legs and the hip he was lying on as it met the puddle of liquid already beneath them would never finish.

“Merlin, did I miss you,” Harry mumbled, smiling as he sucked on Draco’s earlobe and kissed his neck.

Draco panted as his stream of pee trickled to nothing, panted because Harry had not let go of his crotch, because he could feel pressure of another kind building as his large hand pressed against him. He opened his eyes reluctantly, but was comforted by the warmth he found in Harry’s gaze. The Gryffindor cocked an eyebrow and then bent his neck as he lifted the sheets, surveying the damage done to the mattress.

“Didn’t know one person could pee that much,” he teased, unable to keep the grin from his face.

“Fuck off,” Draco joked, laughing quietly. “You’re the one who wet the bed first. And you didn’t even wake up.”

“Who, me?” Harry asked, playing innocent. “Nah, I would never do something like that.”

Draco rolled his eyes and hit Harry on the chest with the back of his hand. Harry caught him by the wrist and reached a hand down to run up and down the blonde’s torso, tickling him until he was squirming in the wet bed, gasping for air as he begged him to stop.

“Oy, mates,” Ron groaned from his bed, voice husky from sleep. “Get a room and let us poor souls get some sleep.”

Harry raised his eyebrows at Draco before he jumped out from under the sheets and climbed over the cot between the two beds in order to jump into Ron’s, reaching below the blankets to tickle him. The youngest Weasley boy swore up and down as Harry tickled him, and yet his shouts of threatening words eventually gave way to giggles as he became helpless to Harry’s torture. Draco couldn’t help but stare when the blankets were kicked off the bed, revealing Ron wearing only a t-shirt and a wet pull-up, and he went to pull Harry off of the redhead because he wanted to get a closer look.

“You’ve had your fun,” Ron said, out of breath as he yanked a pillow over his head and curled his knees up to his chest. “Now, let me get some sleep.”

“Okay, okay,” Harry laughed, draping an arm around Draco’s shoulders as he led him back to their own bed. They climbed back in despite the fact that they were both nearly soaked from head to toe after rolling around, tickling each other in the puddle of pee. Harry guided Draco’s head down onto his chest, and bent down to kiss the top of his head.

“Harry?” Draco asked after they had been silent for a few moments.

“Hm?” Harry asked, leaning down to find Draco’s head craned up towards his.

“Can we go home now?”

Harry smiled and rubbed Draco’s back, resting his chin on the top of the boy’s head.

“Sure, Dray,” he said simply. “I’d like that.”

###

*106*2012-06-09 13:35

I know it's been so long since I've posted, so just wanted to assure all of you that the next chapter is on its way, I promise! I hadn't planned to make you guys wait this long, it's just that work has been incredibly insane, and I've been working crazy hours. I still need to put the finishing touches on the next chapter, otherwise I would have posted it already! Sorry for the delay, but I should have it posted within the next day or two! Hopefully it will have been worth the wait!

{{:

That was very cute... :)

}}

Aw, thanks, Sev! Glad you see you're still reading :D

{{:

Thanks for another chapter!

}}

You're very welcome--thanks for commenting!

{{:

Oh my, I haven't left a comment yet. Well, I loved it once again, but you know what I am going to say right?

Please, please, please post the Snarry chapter! :D

}}

The Snarry chapter is coming soon, Wolf! I feel bad that I've kept everyone waiting--work got crazy at the worst time in terms of this story. Just when I promised Snarry, I barely have a minute to even check my e-mail, let alone post the next chapter. But I promise you won't have to wait too much longer! As you wait, just imagine Snape and Harry both squirming around waiting for the loo, trying not to hold themselves... ;)

{{:

I realy enjoy your writing style, cant wait to read more of your work.

}}

Thanks, jizzle--that means a lot! :D

*107*2012-06-11 05:46

Sorry for the long wait, everyone! Here is part 1 of the Snarry section. I meant to get right into the Snarry fun, but couldn't help but place the scene a bit first, and provide a bit more background for Snape. I wasn't sure his motivation/willingness to take part in some...games...with Harry would be clear enough without this first section. I promise the next chapter will be full on Snarry omo, so get ready! I also hope to post it within a day or two, considering how long I've made you wait for this one (much longer than just a few days since I've last posted, because I know I've been teasing this chapter FOREVER). Anyway, thanks for bearing with me and indulging me. Hopefully this chapter is almost as hot as the next one will be!

Chapter 22

Severus Snape was pacing back and forth along the length of his office in the dungeons. He had responded four days ago to his nephew’s request, the request asking for more time in which to make a decision regarding his residence for the rest of the summer, but had yet to hear back from the boy. He half expected the boy to appear unannounced at any moment, fuming in anger matching that which he had shown storming down the hallways the last time they had met.

Snape was conflicted over the actions he knew he needed to take regarding the boys. On one hand, he had never seen his nephew as worked up and passionate as he had been after he had warned him he needed to forget Potter or tell his father what he had truly been up to all summer. He appreciated the friendship Draco seemed to have found, and while he was not thrilled by the fact that he knew far more of his nephew’s sexual life than he had ever wanted to, he knew the boy deserved a bit of happiness, and was loathe to take that away. On the other hand, he was risking his own life by hiding what would seem to be a fortuitous development from Voldemort and the other Death Eaters, not the least of which was Draco’s own father.

If the relationship came to light, Snape’s loyalty would be greatly questioned, and it was a given that, even if he were not killed, he would no longer be allowed within hearing distance of any of the Dark Lord’s plans, thus ruining his ability to aid Dumbledore in protecting Potter. On top of it all, if Voldemort did not murder Draco for befriending the Boy-Who-Lived, Lucius most certainly would. There was no question about it; Draco needed to put an end to his friendship with Potter.

Cracking his knuckles absentmindedly, Snape paused in his pacing and attempted to plan out what he would say to his nephew. He had given him until today to make up his mind, and knew he should expect the boy sometime that day. However, it was still early, the sun having just risen. Snape had not been able to sleep, and he was not looking forward to a day spent in anticipation of his nephew’s arrival. Sighing, he walked purposefully towards the storage closet and took out the pensieve that had last been used to display the boys’ most painfully embarrassing moments. He had another purpose for it today, and he spelled his doors locked as he settled behind it at his desk. There were few in the building besides a handful of professors who had yet to depart for their summer homes, but Snape knew he could never be too careful.

Unlocking the lowest, smallest drawer on the left side of his desk,, he yanked up the false cardboard bottom, revealing ordered rows of colorful vials. These were his most secret memories, most of the substances deep blues and greens among the occasional red. The drawer mainly held memories of each gathering of the Death Eaters, memories detailed enough to include exact speeches made by Voldemort himself as well as detailed debates over the proper ways in which to exact his revenge on Harry Potter. He was so in the habit of storing away each of these memories that he had taken to preserving each meeting of the Order of the Phoenix as well, and he supposed the collection as a whole would be extremely valuable were it to fall into the hands of the opposite group.

Far in the back of the drawer, next to a few stray vials tinged a soft yellow that were all that remained of Lily Potter, he glanced over four or five orange vials. It was one of the brightest orange vials that he removed from its place in the straight line, running his fingers over the coded title etched neatly into the side of the glass. He had ensured that no one would be able to decipher his system of labeling, and yet he knew without a second glance that this was the memory he was looking for, that this memory had been at the back of his mind for over a week now, that this was the memory he had not been able to forget, although it had been years since he had last taken it from the drawer. He knew without a second glance that the orange vials contained his memories of Sirius Black, and that this memory in particular would allow him to escape his concern over Draco for at least a few moments.

He uncorked the vial and let the memory settle down into the stone basin, placing his hands flat against the cool wood of the desk as he leaned forward, grateful for the ability to escape into the past. The moment before he slipped into the memory, he felt a taunting twinge in his bladder; he hadn’t used the loo since before dinner the day before, and the pressure was pleasing to him, comforting in an ironic way, especially in light of the memory he was about to see...

He was tied to a chair, Sirius Black pacing around him slowly, glancing down at him every so often, his hands clasped behind his back. Severus was dressed in his pajamas, his face still lined from the impressions of his pillow. He had been dragged from his dorm room in the middle of the night only moments before, blindfolded and gagged to keep him from screaming out. And yet, despite the cold fear that had settled within him, deep down he was sure it could be none other than one especially troublesome Gryffindor. He kept up the charade of defiance for good measure, although he knew he had been waiting for this ever since the day he had peed himself in the train car of the Hogwarts Express.

“Let me out, Black,” he said because he knew what was expected of him, knew the thing Sirius wanted possibly as badly as Severus himself did. His voice was raspy from sleep, and he still felt as if he had not properly woken up.

Sirius didn’t answer, simply continuing his trek around the chair. They were in the middle of the room of requirement, which seemed to have changed into little more than some kind of bedroom. It was a bedroom not unlike those Severus had seen in the few muggle movies he had watched, bedrooms of teenage boys complete with sports trophies, muggle text books for subjects such as Geometry or Biology, and posters of movie stars. He wondered idly why the room had brought them to such a place, and yet he knew without a doubt that such a stereotypically non-wizard surrounding seemed to give him and Black permission to possibly act a bit outside of their character. He felt as if he were immune to the rules of Hogwarts or the wizarding community, and could only assume that the Room of Requirement had guessed that would be the case for both boys.

“I thought I told you to stay clear of Lily,” Sirius spat after they had remained in silence for a moment longer.

“I have,” Severus said, weakly.

They both knew Lily was the farthest thing from their minds at the moment, but the game had to be carried out; neither was about to explain their true desires without remaining under the shadow of some supposed ulterior motive. Sirius needed a reason to tie Severus up without telling him he had not been able to stop thinking of the day he had watched him wet his robes.

“You’ve got a pretty pee-poor way of showing it,” the curly-haired boy said, obviously making a conscious effort to place animosity in his voice.

Severus knew that was his cue to squirm just a bit. He was glad he hadn’t pissed before bed; he had taken to filling up on juice or water at dinner under the pretense of keeping well hydrated. In actuality, he enjoyed the feel of a full bladder as he lay in bed before falling asleep, imagining just what it would be like were he to be taken from his bed and tied up in just the way he was now. Somehow, without speaking, the boys had been prepared for this night longer than either would care to admit.

“Sit still,” Sirius ordered, pausing to look Severus up and down. “I told you there would be consequences were you to keep following Lily around like a pathetic love-sick dog.”

Severus nodded, choosing not to remind Sirius that those threatened consequences involved James Potter rather than Sirius himself. He swore under his breath as the ropes dug into his lower belly, cutting across his bladder, voice just loud enough to ensure Sirius would hear.

“Something the matter, Snapey?”

Sirius was teasing him, the corner of his mouth curled upward as he narrowed his eyes, surveying him. He knew all too well what the matter was; Severus could see the evidence of the boy’s knowledge stirring in his thin Gryffindor pajama pants.

“Fuck off, Black,” Severus tried, but the hatred did not come easily.

Sirius glared at him, taking menacing steps closer and raising a hand as if he were about to strike him.

“Say that again and you’ll regret it,” the boy warned, ready to strike.

Severus swallowed.

“I said fuck off, Black.”

He couldn’t help but close his eyes as he prepared himself for a smack, but the sting of the other boy’s hand did not come. Instead, he felt the boy’s strong lips pressed against his own, felt himself open his mouth to taste the other boy, felt himself squirming against the ropes to get closer to the Gryffindor’s presence.

Sirius had both his hands along Severus’ jaw, guiding his head roughly towards him, stabilizing the boy’s head to give himself the best angle to snog him. At some point, Sirius straddled Severus’ chair and set himself down on top of the Slytherin, sitting in his lap, chest to chest as they kissed. Severus squirmed beneath the boy’s muscled thighs, wanting to feel his bladder pulsing beneath him, wanting to feel the desperation he knew was only a few moments away.

But as he clenched his muscles and humped the chair in his arousal, he began to become aware of a scalding warmth spreading throughout his crotch. Looking up as the other boy’s lips were pulled from his, he saw Sirius, head thrown back and eyes closed, breathing heavily as he arched his back. Glancing down, he saw the darkness spreading from the boy’s pajamas down onto his own, fast rivulets trickling along the fabric to meet between Severus’ own legs.

“You’re fucking wetting yourself,” Severus breathed, unsure whether he was meant to act disgusted or turned on.

“Don’t talk,” Sirius mumbled, squeezing his legs tight around Severus’ outer thighs as he reached down a hand to fondle his crotch, often manhandling Severus’ as well. The pee streamed through his fingers and he panted, dropping his head down once more to kiss Severus.

Severus kissed him back, more aware than ever of the pressure in his own bladder as well as the stiffness making itself known despite his need. The feeling of the hot saturated fabric between his legs, plastered to his thighs, was doing nothing to alleviate the need for a pee except making him hard enough to hold it back a bit longer. He longed to let his pee join the other boy's, yet he knew somehow that he was not to be given the same freedom in release as Black had given himself. He couldn’t help but moan as Sirius finished peeing, his hard-on pressing against his briefs, painful and yet lessening as a wave of desperation made him feel as if he were about to lose it any second.

“Black,” he warned, pulling out of the kiss in order to concentrate.

“Gotta wee?” Sirius asked, moving his hand slowly down Severus’ chest to rest in the boy’s wet crotch. He smirked at him, a crooked smile that was as menacing as it was seductive.

Severus nodded, swallowing, unable to speak. He felt a tiny jet of pee escape into his briefs and could not help but swear under his breath, his voice tense as he struggled to keep himself in control.

“If you go in your pants I’ll tell Lily first thing tomorrow morning,” Sirius said close to the other boy’s ear, causing Severus to gasp as he jammed his hand between the Slytherin’s legs and squeezed his crotch. “You better hold it.”

But Severus was too aroused to care, too desperate to think. Smirking right back at the cheekiness of the Gryffindor, he felt himself losing control, realizing a fast, powerful stream of pee was beginning to pour into his pajama pants and thus into Sirius’ grasping hand. Rather than scold him, Sirius kneaded and pressed against the boy’s crotch, playing with the stream of urine as he moaned and frotted his hips back and forth in Severus’ lap. Severus’ eyes fluttered closed as he groaned in the ecstasy of release, conscious of the tight, painful ropes keeping his hands from being allowed to touch himself. He relaxed completely, feeling the pee pool in the chair beneath him, coating him in warm urine and trailing down his legs or streaming directly from the seat of the chair onto the carpeted floor.

When finished, the boys sat in the chair, Sirius still rocking gently back and forth, grinding his hips against Severus, who had come almost immediately after he had finished wetting, the stimulation of Sirius’ hands and hips too much for him to take.

“I told you not to do that,” Sirius said, raising his eyebrows slightly.

Severus shrugged, letting his head fall back as he caught his breath, his cheeks flushed from exertion. “Couldn’t help it,” he explained.

Sirius grabbed his head roughly and kissed him again, lips moving from the boy’s face to his neck and ears and even partly down his chest. His hands reached behind the chair as he kissed him, untying the knots with a quick tug to allow Severus the freedom to put a hand down his pants and finally touch his sopping wet briefs, to finally rest his palms against Sirius’ frotting hips and pull him down onto his crotch once more...

Snape fell back into the chair of his office with a moan both appreciative and desperate. The memory was just as good as he had always believed, and yet he was always left with the need for more, the longing for the feel of Black’s tight forearms, his slim hips. He hadn’t appreciated Black while he had been alive nearly as much as he should have. He gathered the memory back into its vial with a sigh and placed it in its spot within the drawer, kicking the drawer closed. It had been a bad idea to relive the memory; all it had left him with was a sadness and a raging hard-on.

He carried the pensieve back to its place on the shelf, realizing just why they were advised against for most wizards; it was far too easy to live in the past, to become obsessed with what had once been. Sirius really had told Lily the next morning, making it seem as if he had come across the boy desperate to pee and had witnessed him not making it, and she had come to ask Severus about it later that day, concerned for him. He had been embarrassed beyond measure, and yet, as angry as he had been at Sirius, he knew the boy's actions had served a purpose, for it was only a week later that Severus had snuck into the Gryffindor dorms and, after drugging Sirius, had dragged him to the Room of Requirement, where they had played their little games by his rules. But there was no use dwelling on what could no longer be, and rather than cheer him up, the memory had depressed him quite a bit, had filled him with an exasperated anger.

He whipped his head around as he heard a knock on the door, ready to display his temper to whomever had chosen this moment to disturb him. He did not want visitors, but the one positive element of his frustration seemed to be that he was finally ready to face his nephew; the relationship between Draco and Potter was sure to lead to confusion and unresolved ends in the same way his relationship with Black had ended. He no longer had any qualms about forcing the boys apart; indeed, he thought he might just find a way to enjoy it.

Standing to his full height, he threw the door open and glared down at what he expected to be his blonde, pointed nephew. Instead, he found himself staring down at Harry Potter's mess of black hair. The boy was hunched over on his threshold, head down and feet close together. After a moment, the boy straightened a bit and glanced up at him with round, glassy eyes; if Snape wasn’t already fully aroused from the memories he had just relived of Sirius Black, the sight of the boy’s concerned look and his hand pressed down onto the front of his jeans ensured that he was almost too hard to function.

“Please, Professor,” Potter breathed. “I was in Hogsmede and I realized I really gotta go. I don’t think I can hold it anymore!”

Snape nearly groaned out loud, but managed to hide his arousal with little more than a quick flare of the nostrils. The boy looked just like his imp of a brazen godfather when he was so needy and desperate, dangerously close to wetting himself. And yet, he knew the boy had not come to him to use the loo. After all, there were no less than five bathrooms between the entrance of the school and the dungeons. Potter could have stopped at any one of them. No, the boy had come for something else, and Snape, grabbing the boy by the upper arm and yanking him into the office before locking the door and casting silencing charms, was intent on finding out just what the Gryffindor Golden Boy’s purpose truly was.

###

*110*2012-06-15 18:00

So sorry for the wait! I've been working double shifts this week, so no time to write. Thanks for the feedback, Ryoku and Wolf--you guys are the best and I was definitely thinking of you when I wrote this chapter! Hopefully the Snarry lives up to your expectations--I must say, it's a bit more graphic than I first expected, so warnings if you're not into mentions of more than just omo! And, Wolf, to answer your question, yes, I am now writing these chapters currently.

I have more chapters of this story from the first time writing it, but as I've said before it veered off into a totally different direction last time, so now I'm writing new ones to keep up the current story lines. I recently found a Draco/Snape short fanfiction that I wrote a while ago, and I think I may post that one for you guys tomorrow as an apology for taking so long to update this one, lately! Anyway, look out for a new post from me, and here's the next Chapter--really long, but, honestly, once the Snarry gets going, who wants it to stop?

Chapter 23

Harry closed his eyes tight as he was dragged into Snape’s office by his arm. He pressed his legs together, the jolt of movement causing him to feel a jet of wetness escape, soaking into his briefs. It was rare that he was quite this desperate. Normally he only held his pee until it was mildly uncomfortable, and he would then use the loo or, if he was in bed, wet his pants. Even on the days he planned to wet himself, like the past few days he had spent with Ginny, he was rarely unable to hold on until he actually lost control completely.

He generally let himself go and simply put on the act of having an accident; his bladder was far too strong at this point, and he could rarely get to the point of intense, true desperation. But he knew he was close at the moment. He had made sure of that, knowing it was the only way he could ensure he would actually go through with his plan in regards to his Potions Professor. He needed the decision to be taken out of his hands, otherwise he would more than likely abandon the plan in favor of not disgracing himself in front of his most hated and yet most desirable teacher.

He hadn’t pissed since after dinner the day before, having resisted the urge to pee in the bed when his bladder had woken him in the middle of the night. It had been tempting, considering it was he and Draco’s first night back at Grimmauld Place and he wanted to have some fun, but he knew he had to save himself if he were to pull off what he had been planning. Draco had been nagging him to give him an idea of the plan he had formed, but Harry hadn’t been able to speak to him about Snape or his plans to show up at his office bursting for the loo. He was unsure whether he was too embarrassed or too excited to speak of his intended actions to Draco, and had simply promised him he was taking care of the situation, that they would no longer need to worry that the blonde’s Uncle Severus would rat them out to Lucius or Dumbledore.

He had waited outside Snape’s office for nearly forty-five minutes before knocking, building up the nerve as he drank from a water bottle which was magicked to refill itself. He hadn’t wanted to get too desperate while he wandered around Hogsmede, still a bit nervous about public wettings since the day after the movies when Draco had been ashamed of his accident, and so had snuck into Hogwarts early, retreating to the Gryffindor Common Room to bide his time while his bladder nagged. When he found himself unable to stand still or keep from pressing the front of his jeans every few minutes, he worked his way down to the dungeons, standing outside Snape’s office and praying to every god he knew that no one would walk by and see him squirming like a little boy. The last thing he needed was to be detained and kept from his mission, although he would have welcomed some sort of distraction.

His heart was beating quickly as he felt the time approaching. Sooner or later he would need to knock on Snape’s door and hope he had been right about the Professor’s interests. He felt ready to pee himself at the very thought of Snape glaring down at him, raising an eyebrow as he opened the door to find him helpless on his doorstep. But, at the same time, the thought left him breathless with anticipation, and he only wished Draco was there to join in the fun as well.

Dropping the water bottle to the ground and standing stock still, his thighs pressed together with every muscle he possessed, he reached up and knocked on the office door. It was thrown open a moment later, and Harry was ready. He clutched at his crotch and put on his most helpless expression, begging Snape to let him inside so he wouldn’t wet himself. He had expected Snape to sneer, or laugh in his face. He hadn’t expected the man would drag him inside by the arm and nearly throw him against the desk.

###

“What is the meaning of this, Mr. Potter?” Snape sneered, standing close as Harry found himself pressed against the desk, nearly leaning back onto it.

Snape caught himself and stepped away from Harry, beginning to pace back and forth in front of his deak. The boy looked too much like Sirius, his hair falling into his eyes as his mouth opened, breathing heavily in need. It seemed to him that the roles had been reversed, that this time he had the chance to dominate Sirius, to put him in his place in a way he had never been able to while the man was still alive.

The years Black had been in Azkaban had been hard on Snape, and he had not been able to keep his mind from envisioning the man tied up, snivelling on the floor of his cell, put into a state Snape had always longed to facilitate in their games with each other. But it had never come to that. Although Sirius had given him many hints that he would be okay with a switch in their roles, that he would gladly enjoy being the one tied up or locked in a closet or held down, Snape had never taken the first move, worried that somehow he would do something wrong, that he would not be strong enough or forceful enough.

If only he had known how easy it truly was to be the disciplinarian, how enjoyable, he would have gladly given in to Sirius’ desires. But by the time Severus had realized this, by the time he had been hired by Dumbledore and established himself as the least forgiving Professor at Hogwarts, Sirius was in jail, too far away to witness Snape’s transformation from mousy teenager to no-nonsense authority figure. But here was a chance for Snape to have what he had always wanted, a chance to prove just how strong he truly was. And yet, this was not Sirius. The boy had a far too serious demeanor to truly pass as Sirius, and none of his tall, awkward lankiness that had become so familiar to Severus.

“Sit down,” Snape demanded, nodding towards the wooden chair in front of the boy.

Potter obeyed, but not without squirming around the moment he sat down, one knee jiggling up and down as his hands pressed down against his thighs. It was obvious the boy was doing all he could to keep from grabbing his crotch like a child, his face strained and his body tense from the effort. But Snape knew this was just what the boy wanted, that he had come with one purpose in mind. It was simply fortuitous that Snape had been waiting for this exact same moment, that he had woken up only days before from his first wet dream since he had been a aroused, sex-deprived sixteen year old with visions of Potter still in his mind.

“I’m--I’m sorry, sir,” Harry mumbled, glancing up. Snape knew the concern in the boy’s voice was more than likely no longer an act, that he truly was moments away from soiling himself. He watched intently as the boy’s eyes widened before he beared down and squeezed his crotch once again. “I d-didn’t --shit! --didn’t know where else to go.”

“Language, Mr. Potter,” Snape drawled, standing behind his desk with his palms flat against old papers and opened books, looming over the boy. He looked small and helpless, squirming in the large, wooden chair.

They both knew Harry’s explanation was a lie, that there were plenty of places within Hogsmede he could have found a loo as well as numerous loos within the Hogwarts hallways throughout the path he had obviously taken to the dungeons. And if he had truly been unable to find a toilet, they both knew he would have flooed home at the first sign of a fireplace. But, for Snape, the obvious attempt to simulate a desperate situation only aroused him more; it was somehow endearing and immensely attractive that the boy had taken the trouble to keep the encounter from appearing too casual, too welcomed.

“It seems you have still not learned the proper way to keep your bladder under your own control, Mr. Potter,” Snape sneered, acting disgusted despite the hitch he could not keep from his voice. “You’re still the pathetically frightened first year soiling himself in my detention.”

Harry looked up at that, possibly surprised that Snape remembered the memory. It had not been a sexual experience for Snape, considering the age of Harry at the time and the obvious distress the boy had been in. But that did not mean he couldn’t tease the boy with the memory, couldn’t recall earlier times in order to shame him, to taunt him and condescend to him.

“Please, Professor Snape, I need the loo.”

Snape shook his head as he took a seat behind his desk.

“I believe we have matters to discuss,” he said. “Unresolved issues that require your input.”

“S-sir?” Harry asked, finally able to take his hand out from between his leg. Snape nearly groaned when he noticed a tiny spot of wetness on the fly of the boy’s jeans. Harry seemed to follow his gaze, and reddened before throwing his hand back on top of the wetness, trying to casually hide it from the man.

“Mr. Malfoy can no longer remain under your roof,” he said in a breath, down to business.

“He’s not leaving! He--” Harry paused and hunched over, his fingers closing down around his crotch, his lips pressed tightly together.

“Do stop carrying on,” Snape said, raising his voice over Potter’s. “You’re making a fool of yourself, Mr. Potter, and the vulgar touching needs to stop immediately.”

“I-I can’t help it. I'm about to wet myself!”

Snape slammed his hand against the desk, causing the boy to jump.

“I doubt that very much, Mr. Potter. You are seventeen years old, and can handle a bit of discomfort. Now, cease your inane prattling.”

He placed a hand as causally into his lap as he could, no longer able to resist stroking his own crotch, his hardened state making it hard to concentrate. The fullness of his own bladder kept him nearly light-headed, and he voluntarily released a small stream of pee into his robes with a shudder. He stopped immediately, still in control of his body in a way Potter obviously was not.

“Mr. Malfoy can no longer remain under your roof,” Snape repeated. “The possible ramifications of your little tryst are far too great to risk, and I expect you to be cooperative in ending the relationship. I’ve expressed this to him, and expect him to come stay with me for the remainder of the summer.”

Harry shook his head, both hands now between his legs as his knees bounced up and down.

“He--he needs more time,” he stammered, bearing down as he hunched over once again. “He--oh, Merlin--he has to decide what’s b-best for him.”

“Sit up straight, Mr. Potter,” Snape snapped, standing from his chair as if prepared to discipline the boy. “I expect you to look me in the eye when I’m speaking to you.”

“Please, Professor, can I go to the loo?”

“I am sure you can,” Snape leered. “But you may not. You should have taken care of the need before arriving at my office unannounced.”

Harry whimpered, biting his bottom lip. Despite his desperation, he could not help but imagine the tall, dark man without his shirt on, could not help but wonder what it would be like to be yanked over the man’s lap and spanked, or to be pressed up against him, held close as he pissed all over both of them. He whined as another spurt of pee escaped, glancing up at Snape, pleading with him, his eyebrows concerned.

“I can’t hold it much longer, Professor Snape,” Harry said quietly, his cheeks blazing. The boy looked close to tears, more than likely turned on beyond meas presure and yet still unaware as to whether Snape were enjoying this or not. Snape knew he was not only desperate to pee, but desperate to wet hard and fast into his jeans and underwear, to soak himself in Snape’s presence.

“Please, sir,” Harry begged, tears finally springing to his eyes as it must have become painful to hold himself as the pressure became almost unbearable. “Please, I’m about to...oh, fuck--fuck, please!”

Snape sat back down hard and drew his hand to his crotch, imagining another spurt of pee, longer this time, soaking the boy’s briefs and trickling through to his jeans, clutched beneath his hands. Envisioning the feel of the boy’s heart beating as he moaned, he saw when the boy managed to stop the leak, but he knew there would be a wet spot on Harry’s pants that would betray him.

“Oh, shit, I can’t--”

“Mr. Potter, I will not tolerate that language in my office,” Snape warned, standing once again from his chair and looming over Harry, gaining a closer look. “Take your hands off of yourself this instant. You are not a filthy animal!”

“I can’t hold it,” Harry whimpered. “I need to wee.”

Snape nearly collapsed against his desk, his knees going out from under him as his mouth opened. Harry panted and Snape became fully aroused, recognizing Sirius’ debauched passion and Lily’s sincere innocence in the boy’s eyes, a combination he realized was hotter than anything he had ever before fantasized about. It caught him off-guard, and he barely recognized his deep, husky voice when he next spoke.

“Stand up. Come here.”

It was an order, but unlike the ones he had been giving before. The charade of disrespectful student and domineering Professor was over; neither wanted to pretend any longer. Harry hurried behind the desk, where Snape immediately placed a hand over Harry’s stomach, feeling his full bladder. Harry moaned, felt more wetness stream into his pants, and shot his hands to his crotch.

“I’m about to pee,” he warned, tears falling as he continued squeezing himself non-stop. “It’s bad. I can’t hold it!”

Without a word, Snape yanked Harry’s hands away from his crotch, causing the boy to double over, moaning and scissoring his legs as he tried to pull his wrists from his Professor’s grasp.

“You’re already wetting yourself,” Snape sneered, a scoff sounding from the back of his throat. “You’re already going in your jeans. You wouldn’t make it to the loo if you tried.”

Sitting down onto the chair, he yanked the boy down onto his lap, holding him sideways so he could still watch the boy’s grasping, desperate fingers return to squeeze around his groin.

“Oh Merlin, oh fuck,” Harry chanted as they both watched a stream of pee snake down past his hands onto his leg, hot and fast. Snape could sense that the boy wanted to let go, wanted to be given permission to soak himself. He was moving around non-stop, trying to get free. “I’m losing it.”

Snape pulled Harry closer towards him, his own erection stimulated by the weight of the boy’s squirming body. Taking a breath, he plunged his own hand between the boy’s legs, holding his hand over Harry’s and squeezing tightly. The boy pressed his thighs together tightly around the two sets of hands, closing his eyes and throwing his head back as he whimpered and cried, begging Snape to let him go.

“What would the others think?” Snape said, his voice little more than a husky whisper in Harry’s ear. “The Boy-Who-Lived wetting his pants nearly steps from the loo? How disgraceful.”

Harry nearly screamed as the pressure grew, leaning forward and humping his professor’s hand, needing the pressure to keep in his pee. But with a sinking dread, he felt a hot wetness against his hand, and knew his bladder had released, that he was going pee in his jeans.

“No!” he moaned, pinching himself until it burned. “I can’t...I won’t...I...”

“Don’t you dare soil yourself, Potter!” Snape bucked up against the boy’s thighs as they jiggled on his lap. “Don’t you dare pee your trousers!”

But Harry no longer had any control, and despite reaching a hand inside his jeans to hold himself through his completely soaked, yellowed briefs, the stream of fast, hot pee would not relent. His thighs became wet as the urine streamed out of him, soaking his crotch and snaking down around to his ass, where he knew he would wet his Professor’s lap.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, it’s fucking bad,” Harry moaned. “I’m wetting! I’m doing it in my pants!”

Snape groaned, nearly screaming out when the first sign of hot wetness soaked through his robes and down into his lap. He wrapped his arms around Harry’s waist and pressed the boy down against him as he could no longer take the pressure. Forcing his spare hand beneath the boy, he rubbed himself through his sopping robes, panting heavily as he watched the boy’s pee spread and heard it splatter onto the floor beneath them. And, as soon as he touched himself, he was so close to an intense, disorienting climax, aware of nothing but the wetness streaming through the boy’s jeans onto the back of his wrist and down onto his crotch, of the pressure of the boy’s body against his own, of the tiny whimpers escaping from the back of Harry Potter’s throat as he disgraced himself fully and completely.

“I can’t stop,” Harry sniffed, his cheeks flushed and his face a mess of tears. “Fuck, fuck, don’t tell anyone, please!”

And with that, Snape shuddered and lost complete control of his body, reaching an orgasam so debilitating he did not at first notice he was releasing the long pent-up pee he had been toying with all day. He cried out in relief as he realized it was streaming out of him and soaking into his robes, adding a torrent of hot pee to the liquid already released by Potter, pooling in the chair beneath him with such force that it almost immediately was too much, and thick streams splattered from the edges of the chair directly onto the stone floor.

The boy was barely breathing, his hand still between his legs. He looked up at Snape when he felt the extra wetness, when he realized what was occurring beneath him, and quickly unbuttoned his jeans and shoved a hand inside. He must have finished wetting, because he yanked himself off to climax with a shout of pleasure and then collapsed against Snape, his head falling over to rest on the man’s shoulder.

Snape took the boy in his arms, catching his breath as the final spurts of pee left him. He was wet down both legs past his knees, and was sitting in a thick pool of urine that was both his and the boy’s. He could feel the boy’s pulse quick and fast throughout his body, and Snape realized that his own was nearly as frantic, that he was almost as spent in pleasure as the boy had been.

Harry drew his knees to his chest, curling up in the Professor’s lap and closing his eyes. Nothing needed to be said, and they both sensed that the only thing to do was settle what they had both begun.

“You will accompany Draco back to Hogwarts, where you will both remain under my care for the remainder of this summer.”

Harry nodded, mumbling something in assent which Snape did not catch. They knew it was the only solution. Harry and Draco could still be together, and yet it would be easy to pass off their joint presence at Hogwarts. Lucius already believed Draco was spending the summer with Snape, and they would simply explain that Potter had returned due to a mix-up with his relatives sometime over the course of the last few weeks. It would only make sense that Dumbledore would assign Snape to care for Potter, considering he was already watching over the Malfoy boy.

Lifting him in his arms, Snape carried the boy from the office and into his adjoining rooms, where he spelled him clean and laid him to rest in his own bed.

“Tell me now if you still wet the bed,” Snape warned. “I will need to protect the mattress.”

“No,” Harry mumbled, half-asleep. “Not for a long time, now.”

Snape smirked at the boy’s innocence, his obvious pride at overcoming his past bedwetting problem. Raising his wand, he spelled the mattress anyway, placing waterproof spells he, as head of house, performed on every mattress within the Slytherin boys’ dorms before the start of term. Boys simply couldn’t be trusted; if it wasn’t one kind of wet dream, it was another.

###

*112*2012-06-18 15:28

{{:

After reading this chapter I had to read the chapter again in which you wrote about Harry's first experience with wetting his pants in Snape's office. I find it interesting how different these two chapters are. I prefer it when it's not something that's planned, so normally I wouldn't like this chapter as much. On the other hand though, it's not really only planned. You very well described how he really couldn't hold it anymore and that made it interesting. The fact that Snape sat Harry on his lap made it really sexy. I would love to sit on someone's lap and pee myself completely. The fact you wrote it so well, made it damn interesting. I could almost feel Harry's desperation.

I am really curious about what is going to happen when Harry and Draco will be staying at Snape's dorms. Surely there must happen some things. Now tell me, does Snape has only one bathroom in his quarters...? ;)

}}

I know what you mean about pre-planned vs. unintentional desperation, Wolf, and I have to agree with you that unintentional is a million times hotter! I did need this chapter to be pre-planned just to fit into the storyline, but rest assured there will be plenty of non-planned wettings to come!

I have some interesting things planned for the boys while they're staying with Snape, and, yes, there is only one bathroom in his rooms. Living alone, he never would have had the need for more than one!

Thanks so much for being a loyal reader/reviewer--you're wonderful! Next chapter posted soon!

*113*2012-06-18 15:56

Next chapter. No real warnings here, just some angsty-Draco/Snape and some innocent desperation on Draco's part. Enjoy!

Chapter 24

Draco bit at his thumbnail as he watched the sky darkening outside. Harry had been gone for far longer than expected, and he was beginning to worry. He had begged the dark-haired boy to tell him where he was going and what he was planning, but all Harry had agreed to tell him was that he was handling the Snape situation, that they would no longer need to worry that their relationship would be brought to light. Still, Draco knew there was a reason Harry hadn’t given him the whole truth, and he had a nervous, sinking dread in his stomach as the hours grew later that was only heightened by his realization that he was the only one in the old, creaking house. He had never slept alone in a house, going straight from his father’s manor to Hogwarts. He did not enjoy the feeling of solitude and emptiness. He almost missed the crowded, over-extended feeling of the Weasley’s home.

It seemed Harry had explained the situation to Hermione and Ron, for they had both agreed it would be best were they not to come back with the boys to Grimmauld Place. They would happily visit, and although Ron had seemed a bit depressed to be left behind, Draco knew he understood the reasons. But, as Draco worried that Harry would not return that night, he began to wish the Gryffindor’s friends had not remained at the Burrow, or that he had remained as well, and was back on the cot in Ron’s room, hearing Mrs. Weasley down the hallway demanding that the twins stop setting off fireworks from their bedroom window. He hated being alone, memories he tried to forget always seemed to surface when he spent too long solitary and withdrawn from others.

Draco wandered downstairs and tried to read by the fireplace, hoping to come face to face with Harry, and trying to remaind optimistic that he would appear at any moment. He assured himself that Harry would have told Draco were he staying out all night. Or, at least, Draco hoped he would have.

Unable to concentrate on the book in his hands, he sat back in the chair, keeping his mind focused on Harry and their past few days at the Burrow rather than memories of his father or the meetings he had witnessed of the Death Eaters. His father had hosted many gatherings, and nothing had been done to ensure Draco remained in his room while the proceedings were occurring. His mother had advocated for his safety, but Lucius would not hear of it, preferring that Draco be witness to the tortures, humiliations, and murders in order to toughen him up. Draco had been unable to look away, and the images still remained with him, hiding in the shadows of the darkened old house.

When the fire blazed and a figure stepped into the living room, he shrunk back, drawing his legs up onto the seat of the armchair as he dug in his pocket for his wand. The presence was too tall and looming to be Harry, and, in the darkness of the room, Draco had a hard time identifying the man. He raised his wand and began an incantation, but before he could get the words out, he recognized his Uncle Snape with a sigh of relief.

“You scared me to death,” he admitted, not bothering to hide his nervousness.

It was comforting to be alone in his Uncle’s presence; he could not remember the last time they had been, and as he almost immediately settled into the casualness of their private relationship, he realized just how much he had missed spending time with the man. As he had grown older, he had shied away from his Uncle, his father having made it clear that Snape would in no way be showing him favoritism whilst the boy remained at Hogwarts. Draco had a sinking suspicion his father had even instructed Snape to be harsh on him, although he knew any animosity Snape had shown had been merely an act.

“Are you ill?” Snape asked, stepping forward to get a closer look at the boy. “You look pale.”

Draco shook his head, swallowing. He may feel comfortable in his godfather’s presence, but he was not about to admit that he had been terrified of the prospect of staying alone in an old house that had once belonged to Sirius Black, who, although Harry’s godfather, remained a suspected criminal and dangerous man in Draco’s mind. A man who only caused him to remember the gruesome, horrible deaths he had seen all those years ago.

“I’m fine,” Draco rasped.

Snape nodded, then seemed to become mildly distracted, glancing around the dark living room, his eyes lingering over door frames and fraying rugs as if he were seeing them again after many years. He walked past Draco and crossed to the opposite wall, where he lifted a tattered piece of wallpaper to reveal a hidden cabinet. He turned to find Draco craning his head up over the back of the armchair and immediately let the wallpaper fall back into place, clearing his throat as he clasped his hands behind his back.

“Go and gather your things,” He said, returning to his spot in front of the fireplace, where he leaned an elbow on the mantelpiece. “You and Mr. Potter will be spending the remainder of the summer under my care at school.”

“Where’s Harry?” Draco asked. “Is he alright?”

Snape cleared his throat and Draco could not help but stare. His Uncle looked mildly uncomfortable, his eyes flicking around the room rather than remain boring down into Draco himself.

“He is sleeping in my quarters, obviously exhausted after the barbaric hours the two of you kept while traipsing around the Burrow,” Snape mused.

“You knew where we were?” Draco gaped.

“Yes,” Snape told him, not offering any means of explanation. “Now kindly gather your things. It’s far past the time you should be asleep.”

Draco nodded and scampered up the stairs to pack some clothing, all too aware that, despite a level tone of voice, his Uncle was getting close to impatience. He packed his own things as well as a bag for Harry, consciously leaving their school books and half-completed assignments on the desks of their bedrooms. He knew his Uncle would make them work over the course of their time with him, but he hoped they could at least make it a week or so without him noticing. Spending time around the Weasley twins had rekindled his appreciation for mischievous behavior, and he had been meaning to nag Harry for having turned him into such a goody two-shoes in such a short time span.

Hurrying down the stairs, he found his Uncle once again wandering the living room, pausing every so often to touch a photograph or wipe dust from a bookshelf. It was strange behavior from the man, but Draco knew Snape often let his guard down when they were alone. Draco knew his Uncle possibly better than anyone else knew him, could understand his harshness and stoic personality. And the same was true for Snape, who knew details about Draco that no one else knew, including his parents. They understood each other better than any other single person understood them, and had an unspoken agreement in regards to keeping each others’ secrets. At least, they had, while Draco was growing up.

Now, he wasn’t quite sure. Watching his godfather survey the house with an intensity almost resembling sorrow made him believe much had happened to the man after they had transitioned into their distant relationship as teacher and student. It made Draco believe his Uncle had found a replacement for him as confidant, had known someone intimately, to a greater extent than he had thought possible.

“I’m ready, Uncle,” Draco said gently.

Snape barely glanced up from a book he had taken off the shelf, tracing his fingers along the spine.

“Use the loo before we go,” the man said, distracted.

Draco blinked. It had been the kind of thing his Uncle would advise when he had been a child, the kind of phrase that had become an idiom spoken before day trips when he was seven years old. Draco scoffed to cover his embarrassment; he would have been angry at the suggestion if it hadn’t been for the fact that he had never seen his Uncle quite so absent-minded.

“We’re only going by floo, aren’t we?” Draco asked, louder, trying to pull his Uncle out of his confusion.

There was a sharp intake of breath as Snape snapped out of his trance and turned his head to stare at Draco. He set the book back onto the shelf without a second-glance, stalking towards the fireplace and holding out a hand to help the blonde with the bags.

“Let’s go,” he ordered, stiff-backed and present once more.

Draco nodded, and stepped into the fireplace as his godfather threw the floopowder, pushing to the back of his mind the thought that he actually did have a need for the loo, realizing a twinge of fullness in the pit of his stomach.

###

The walk from Hogsmede to Hogwarts had begun as mildly uncomfortable for Draco, whose need to pee was only heightened by the cool summer night. He had no idea of the time, although judging from the stars and moon, he knew it was past midnight. Whether Snape sensed his need or was simply being accommodating, he had taken both bags from Draco and shrunk them down to fit inside the pockets of his robes, leaving Draco free to simply follow him without having to carry any extra weight. Nevertheless, the lack of distraction only allowed Draco to focus on his growing need. Sometimes, he hated the fact that the Hogwarts’ floo system was restricted during the summertime to keep curious or bored students from appearing unannounced. Snape would have been able to floo into his office, but Draco would not have been allowed, and unless his Uncle carried him, they would be too large to travel together.

Draco was pleased when the castle came into view. His godfather had made them stop halfway back, and had made Draco find a sweatshirt in his bag to wear.

“You’re shivering,” he explained when Draco set to argue. “I have no desire to nurse you back from sickness were you to catch cold.”

He tried not to squirm as Snape resized the bag and gave it to him to dig around in, not bothering to mention that the man had resized Harry’s bag rather than Draco’s own. He simply grabbed the first sweater he came across and yanked it down over his head, unable to keep from shifting his weight from one foot to the other.

“Ok, can we go now?” he asked, rolling his eyes.

Snape warned him to control his attitude, and had made a comment about how this was why he kept his Slytherins on tight sleep schedules and did not let them stray from the set hours, even on the weekends. Draco simply sighed and continued to follow his path, grateful his godfather seemed to believe him only cranky from lack of sleep rather than nervous he was going to start leaking into his underwear. He hurried behind him, and more than likely would have walked straight into Snape were the man to stop suddenly.

The warmth of the castle seemed to alleviate Draco’s need, but only for a moment. His initial relief was hampered by the realization that he would now need to follow Snape down to his quarters in the dungeons. He could not stop to use a loo on the way, because he had already laughed at the suggestion that he go before they left Grimmauld Place. He shoved a hand into his pocket, pressing against himself in a way that he hoped was inconspicuous. Sighing, Draco resigned himself to the fact that he had to hold his pee, at least for a few minutes longer.

“Almost there, now,” Snape said, turning to glance at Draco’s hunched shoulders.

Draco blushed. Had Snape seen him hold himself? Could he tell that he needed the loo, or was he merely making conversation? Grunting, he made his way past Snape and walked down the stairwells he knew would lead to the dungeons, the darkness of each step reminding him of his first night at Hogwarts, seven years ago, the night he sneaked out of his dorms to find Snape’s quarters, and had gotten lost. He hadn’t been able to sleep, and although he knew it was babyish to go running to his Uncle, he had needed to be close to the man. He spent the entire night curled up outside the door to his quarters, unable to bring himself to knock because he knew Lucius would never approve. Snape had found him before breakfast, shivering on the stone floor in a puddle of his own pee, having wet himself at some point during the night.

Draco took a breath and walked purposefully down the hallways, putting the memory out of his mind. And yet, as he turned the proper corners and made his way lower into the castle, he couldn’t help but feel a semblance of the comfort he had found while curled outside his Uncle’s rooms. He couldn’t help but realize he felt safer in the man’s presence, as if he could finally begin to relax once he was back living with Snape, because his godfather would take care of him. It was an extension of the feeling he had come to know in Harry’s presence, only deeper, since it was memory as much as reality.

Upon reaching the entrance to his Uncle’s rooms, Draco realized he had lost Snape at some point in the journey. Groaning, he turned to the doorway and pressed his thighs together. It was torture being directly outside the Professor’s rooms, including his loo, and being unable to enter. When he glanced over his shoulder and still did not see his godfather, he risked a quick squeeze of his crotch, nearly moaning over the relief that small gesture had given him.

Hearing Snape’s footsteps, he stood straight and turned away from the wall, keeping still apart from the tapping of his foot against the floor. He was desperate, and hated the feeling. He was sick of his small bladder, and his constant fear of wetting himself. Harry had done much to teach him to enjoy wetting every once in a while, but their private games did nothing to alleviate the shame he felt when he was caught short at other times.

“Open the door,” Draco blurted out when his Uncle came around the corner. “Please.”

Snape only looked at the boy and held out his hand, palm facing upwards.

“Wand,” he prompted.

“What?”

Draco stuck his hand back into his pocket, praying the darkness of the hallway would be enough to keep his Uncle from realizing that he had actually resorted to holding himself.

“Neither you nor Mr. Potter will be allowed a wand while under my care,” Snape explained, his eyes lingering over Draco's waist. “There should be no need for either of you to utilize one.”

Normally, Draco would have fought against the rule. If he had been thinking clearly, he would have realized just how defenseless he felt without his wand, just how vulnerable. He would have remembered the hassle of living without magic, or the prospect of Lucius appearing at any moment ready to strike, or even the drying spells he had been practicing with Hermione. As it was, he would do anything at the moment if it meant he would be allowed to pee. He was beginning to lose control, and a fast spurt escaped as he withdrew his wand from his pocket and nearly threw it at his Uncle.

Snape glared at him when he flung the wand towards him, more than likely chalking the moment up as additional evidence of Draco’s crankiness due to lack of sleep. He turned after a moment to flick his wand at the door, mumbling the counter-charms to whatever spells had been placed for security. The second the door opened, Draco shouldered himself past his Uncle and inside the living room, no longer bothering to hide his desperation as he had felt another spurt release. Pinching himself, he hobbled to the loo off the kitchen hallway, barely unbuttoning his jeans and yanking his briefs down before he began wetting.

He sighed at the relief, yet closed his eyes in shame at the spectacle he had made of himself in front of his Uncle. He wanted to be close to Harry, needed to see him and feel his arms around him. He was angry at himself, and disgusted by his lack of control.

Snape was waiting for him outside the loo after he had finished and washed his hands. He was already regretting his loss of a wand, as his briefs were quite damp, and could have used a quick drying spell. He blushed as his Uncle held out the bags for him and raised his eyebrows slightly, but was relieved when he didn’t mention anything about Draco’s obvious desperation.

“Go sleep in the master bedroom,” he said, nodding down the hallway. “Potter should already be asleep. I will take the guest bed for tonight.”

Draco nodded, unable to look his Uncle in the eye as he began carrying the suitcases down the hall. He felt his Uncle watching him, felt as if he had lost any independence he had gained while living at Grimmauld Place with Harry. Maybe the feeling of security he remembered from his years spent in his Uncle’s presence wasn’t quite as positive as he had initially thought.

“And, Draco,” Snape called, causing the boy to stop, although he did not turn around. “You may leave your wet things in the laundry hamper in the corner of the loo.”

Cringing, Draco dragged the suitcases down the hallway as quickly as possible as his stomach sank in shame. He did not turn back or respond to the man, simply wanting to escape his Uncle’s presence. How was the man so aware? How had he known that Draco’s briefs were so soaked he could feel tiny dribbles of pee running down his inner thighs each time he moved? He closed himself into the master bedroom and began stripping out of his wet things, seeing that there was a wet patch on his jeans that he had not noticed before. He knew without a doubt, however, that Snape would not have missed the wetness.

Tossing his jeans and underwear into the hamper, he dragged on clean briefs and a pair of flannel pajamas before climbing into his Uncle’s bed. There was another sinking feeling in his stomach as he promised himself he would not wet the bed. It would be too much; although his Uncle was well aware of Draco’s bed wetting, or at least had been aware of it when he was a child, he doubted the man suspected he still wet almost every night. He was torn; part of him longed to be protected by Snape, to be taken in by him, while the other part of him wished for nothing more than to be back at Grimmauld Place with Harry, carefree and far away from the strict, regimented lifestyle led by Severus Snape.

“Hey, there,” Harry mumbled, rolling over to look Draco in the eye. He was smiling, eyes half closed as he seemed to be attempting to make out who had just gotten into bed with him.

“Hi,” Draco mumbled, letting Harry’s hands find his chest and then letting him wrap his arms around his waist.

Harry nuzzled up against Draco, kissing him on the neck, jaw, and then lips. Draco relaxed into the kiss, closing his eyes and immediately gaining comfort from the other boy’s presence. The night had put him through an array of emotions, and he was spent, wanting nothing more than to sleep and start fresh the next day.

“What are you doing here?” Harry asked, pulling away from the kiss and laying his head on Draco’s shoulder.

“Snape came to get me,” the blonde explained, and Harry nodded. Draco opened his mouth to admit to his boyfriend just what had happened on the trip to Snape’s rooms at Hogwarts, but a small part of him questioned the admission, embarrassed despite Harry’s self-professed appreciation for the blonde’s frequent desperate dashes to the loo.

“Everything okay?” Harry asked, sitting up on an elbow to look Draco in the eye. He reached a hand over to the nightstand and fished around for his glasses, hooking them onto his ears as he inspected Draco’s expression.

“No,” Draco admitted, shaking his head. He leaned his head back against the headboard and glanced up at the ceiling.

“What’s wrong, Dray?”

Draco rolled to the side, placing his back to Harry and yanking the sheet up to his shoulders.

“Nothing,” he mumbled, not wanting Harry to see that he was dangerously close to tears. He cursed his emotionality, blaming the late hour and his overtaxed mind. How had he become so soft? How had he managed to show such a complete absence of control that he not only peed his pants, but cried about it? He shuddered to think what would happen were he reduced to tears in Lucius’ presence. He needed to stay strong and harsh, and, he realized with a sigh, that may require him to begin separating himself from the Gryffindor in bed with him.

But Harry’s chest pressed up against his back and his whispered words soothed Draco, who could not help but believe the dark-haired boy when he promised that everything would be alright. He would begin reclaiming his attitude and sternness tomorrow. What happened between then and dawn did not have to count.

###

*115*2012-06-20 17:16

I've been inspired to write lately, which means more frequent updates for you guys. If you're still reading, please let me know--I'm extremely grateful for Wolf and Ryoku, but I'd like to know if anyone else is still reading, too! Maybe the story's just too long for people to keep up with?? Have you guys lost interest?

Anyway, for those of you still reading, I hope you like this chapter. There is wetting but no desperation, although there is some major Snarry going on in this uber-long chapter, so you've been warned! ;) Have a good day, guys.

Chapter 25

Harry woke with a gasp as he felt a hot wetness stream against his hip. Turning over in bed, he glanced down to see Draco deep asleep, and yet there was no doubt that the blonde was wetting the bed. Draco mumbled something incoherent as he remained in the throes of a dream, and Harry could not help but crook his knee in order to angle his thigh towards Draco’s crotch, enjoying the feel of the pee coating his leg through his pajama pants. The sheets beneath the boy were becoming saturated in urine as he continued to pee, and Harry sighed, deeply aroused and yet guilty to be enjoying Draco’s accident. He knew the blonde would be upset to have wet the bed, especially considering they were not at Grimmauld Place, but in Snape’s room at Hogwarts.

The thought excited Harry, and he imagined the look on Snape’s face were he to discover that such an immature, childish act had occurred beneath his sheets. Harry suspected the man would find it all extremely unseemly, that he would sneer at the soiled bed linens and threaten to punish Draco for his lack of control. And yet, despite the threat of discipline, Harry wished it had been him to pee the bed, wished he had realized just what position it would have put him in.

He had been wondering what would come of the excitement he had found the day before in Snape’s presence, and had not been able to stop thinking of the way Snape had yanked him into his lap, the way he had pissed himself beneath Harry. He became hard even remembering the moment, the warm liquid spreading up towards his hips as Draco released his bladder unconsciously only aiding in his desire for debauchery. He knew Draco would be shamed by wetting himself, and yet he was grateful for the boy; he had just allowed him to realize the perfect way to find himself at the mercy of Snape once again.

Harry chose to let Draco sleep, wanting to give the boy a semblance of peace and restfulness for as long as possible. He knew, if the boy was tired enough, wetting would not be enough to yank him from sleep, and it would only be the next morning that the blonde would realize he had been sleeping in a puddle of his own pee. Unfortunately, however, it seemed that tonight was not a night for Draco to sleep through his bedwetting, and it was only a few moments before the boy began to stir, rubbing his eyes as he woke up.

“Hey,” Harry said, turning to face the boy. He gave him a small smile, knowing it was only a matter of seconds before Draco realized what he had done.

“Hi,” Draco mumbled, rubbing his eyes.

The blonde paused as he began to wake up, obviously having felt the familiar clamminess of soaking wet sheets and pajama bottoms. He glanced up at Harry in fear and embarrassment, his eyes almost immediately filling with tears. Harry had been expecting the reaction; Draco was always the most emotionally weak when he was battling a lack of sleep.

“Hey, it’s okay,” Harry prompted, kissing Draco on the temple.

“I...I...” Draco stammered, kicking the wet top sheet off of himself as he mumbled something incoherently. He sat up and stared at his wet crotch and legs before immediately glancing up at the door in fear. Harry knew he was thinking about Snape, about what would happen were he to be found out.

“Don’t worry,” Harry soothed, taking Draco’s hand in his own. “We’ll fix it.”

Draco simply looked towards Harry and began to cry, his face crumpling as he shrunk down onto the bed and drew his knees up to his chest. He looked small and pitiful, nervous energy taking over as he began to pull at the bottom of his lip, a habit Harry had seen whenever he was particularly stressed which he assumed was a carry-over from childhood.

“Don’t tell Uncle Severus,” he whispered, controlling his sobs as Harry stroked his cheek. “He can’t know.”

Harry nodded, although he mused that Draco’s fear of his Uncle learning of his bedwetting was more than likely not necessary. Snape missed very little, and Harry had a sinking suspicion that the head of Draco’s house would almost certainly be made aware of a student’s nighttime accidents, particularly those of his godson.

“Stop crying,” Harry told him, rubbing his shoulder. “You just had an accident.”

He hated to see Draco upset, particularly over something he believed a small problem considering what they had both suffered throughout their childhoods. Nevertheless, he knew Draco was ashamed of himself, that he would be mortified were his Uncle to learn of what he had done. And, not having their wands to hide the evidence, Harry began to realize there were very few options available to them.

“Take off your pants,” Harry said, climbing out from under the blankets and beginning to remove his own pajamas. “Switch with me. He’ll think I did it.”

Gawking, Draco stared up at him and shook his head, beginning to cry once more.

“It’s alright, Dray,” Harry said, stripping completely naked before handing his pajamas and briefs across the bed to Draco. There was a large wet spot on the thigh of his pajama pants, stretching from his leg up onto his hip, and yet his briefs were dry, so he knew Draco would not be entirely uncomfortable. “Switch sides of the bed with me.”

Draco looked skeptical, but shifted out of the wet spot on the mattress until he was resting on the dry half of the bed. After a moment, he followed Harry’s lead, beginning to strip out of his sopping wet clothes.

“You don’t have to do this,” he sniffed, passing a bundle of his pee-stained clothing towards the dark-haired boy.

Harry nodded, standing out of bed to yank on Draco’s yellowed, cooling briefs. He could not hide the erection that formed as the saturated material was dragged up his legs to meet his crotch, as he smelled Draco’s urine on the briefs and felt tepid liquid on his fingertips.

“I know,” he said, stepping into the peed-in pajama bottoms. “But I don’t mind.”

In fact, Harry was excited by the situation. As he did up the buttons on Draco’s pajama shirt, he stiffened even more in the wet briefs, knowing he would need to admit to Snape that he had pissed the bed, that he would need to get the man to clean up the bed before they could go back to sleep.

“Thank you,” Draco sighed, looking up at Harry as if he had just saved his life. Harry smiled and bent down to take Draco’s lips in his own, kissing deeply as the blonde ran his hands up and down Harry’s stomach. He moaned in pleasure, frotting his hips against the side of the bed, the friction of the wet fabric against his stiffness nearly too much to bear. But he knew there was possibly more to come that night, and he pulled away with reluctance.

“Go back to sleep,” Harry instructed, and waited until Draco had at least lain his head on the pillow. The Slytherin looked strange dressed in the deep crimson color of Gryffindor House, but Harry hoped the boy was too tired and stressed to realize that Snape knew exactly what each of their pajamas looked like, hoped he would simply fall back asleep and let Harry take care of his problem.

“I’m sorry,” Draco mumbled, turning to look Harry in the eye.

Harry simply shook his head and bent to kiss the blonde on the forehead.

“It was an accident,” he said. “You didn’t do anything wrong, baby.”

Draco sighed and nodded, although Harry knew he was unconvinced. Patting his back for a moment, Harry waited until his head was back on the pillow and he seemed to be calmed before leaving the room, stepping out into the nearly pitch-black hallway and closing the bedroom door behind him.

He did not remember the layout of Snape’s rooms, having seen them for the first time the day before, when Snape had carried him through. He remembered the man’s strong arms supporting him, remembered trying to recall the last time he had been carried, the last time someone had held him in their arms. Thankfully, the rooms were small, and Harry knew there were only three rooms off the hallway leading from the open-plan kitchen and living room. One was the master bedroom, from which he had just come, and one was the loo, the door of which had been left open. That only left one closed door, which was obviously the guest bedroom, where Snape was resting at that very moment.

Despite his excitement, Harry could not help but feel an overwhelming apprehension as he reached to open the door of the guest bedroom. Draco’s pee against his thighs and crotch caused him to squirm and draw the fabric away from his skin with an almost constant plucking motion. He was imagining a multitude of scenarios in his mind as to what Snape’s reaction would be, and yet the unknown was causing him nervousness.

Rather than open the door of the guest room, Harry took a breath and ducked into the loo, flicking on the light and shutting himself into the small room. He instantly caught a glimpse of himself in the full-length mirror on the back of the door as he closed it, smirking as he saw the true extent of the wetness spread throughout his pants. Not to mention the flushed face--whether from arousal or sleepiness, Harry would never know--and tousled hair, giving him a general look of dishevelment that was all too fitting with the obviously unkempt state of his nearly dripping pajama bottoms.

Giving his crotch a quick squeeze as the sight thrilled him, he smiled mischievously and, closing his eyes, sat fully-clothed on the toilet. Concentrating, he released his half-full bladder into his pants, allowing his own urine to stream through the already wet fabric. The feeling was euphoric, and he tucked a hand between his legs to feel the liquid surge through the cotton of his pajama bottoms and stream down towards his backside as well. He stifled a moan as he opened his eyes to glance in the mirror, watching himself peeing in his pants. He wanted to be sopping wet, wanted to trail drips of pee down the hallway that Snape would find the next morning.

When he was completely empty and Draco’s pajama bottoms wetter than ever, he stood from the toilet. The liquid that had still yet to be absorbed dripped down his legs, causing him to shiver as the trails tickled his inner-thighs until he pressed his legs together, allowing the wetness to be absorbed by dry sections of fabric. He was desperate to orgasm, to gain relief, and yet he knew the moment he climaxed, he would lose his nerve. He had to face Snape now, while adrenaline and testosterone were on his side.

Fiddling with the wet fabric at his crotch, Harry crossed the hallway to stand in front of the guest bedroom. He shook a leg as a trickle of urine dripped from his wet briefs and rolled down his leg, trailing down out of his cuff of his pant leg and onto the stone floor. His bare feet were freezing against the coolness of the dungeon hallways, and he lifted one to rub against the calf of his pajamas for warmth, but only succeeded in getting it covered in pee, and subsequently leaving a wet footprint on the threshold outside the doorway.

Swallowing, his arousal spurring him on, he turned the handle of the oversized door and let the door open slightly. He did not believe it possible, but it seemed even darker in the guest bedroom than it had been in the hallway, and as he looked behind him, he realized he had forgotten to turn the light off in the loo. He peered into the room, feeling for all intents and purposes like a five year old running to his Mommy and Daddy after a bad dream. He kept the door closed enough to hide the wet state of his lower half, scanning the room for any signs of Snape, and yet the man was not there.

Opening the door wider, Harry stepped into the room, noticing the sheets on the bed had been pulled back, as if someone had recently slept in them and then gotten out of bed. Which meant Snape was awake, that Harry would not force him to get out of bed in order to help him change the sheets. He was unsure as to whether he was relieved or more nervous as he closed the door of the bedroom and headed towards the living room and kitchen, expecting his Professor to show himself any moment, and demand he explain his reasons for being out of bed.

Harry had heard from the occasional Slytherin that Snape was not one to be lenient on curfews or lights-out times. He expected his students to be in bed when he said they should be, no exceptions. Harry imagined timid first years, or even nervous fourth or fifth years clutching between their legs in the middle of the night within the Slytherin dungeons, scared to leave the bed to pee because Snape had forbidden it, and finally gasping as they lost control, as they pissed themselves helplessly in their beds. The thought made him shudder, and he placed Draco in the fantasy, wriggling about, desperate to go but also to please his Uncle, and he was forced to breathe deeply, to stifle the urge to touch himself right there in the hallway. He was so turned-on, even as the pee became cold and began to itch he was grateful for it, for the excuse it gave him to find the Potions Professor and present himself to the man, needy and vulnerable.

He was not in the kitchen, nor was he in the living room, and Harry knew the only other place to look would be the man’s laboratory, which provided the connection between the Professor’s classroom and office and his rooms. Taking a breath, he pushed open the door gently, his arousal decreasing a bit as nervous energy and, he had to admit, fear, set in.

“Professor?” Harry asked, caught unaware as his voice was raspy and thick from sleep. He cleared his throat and rubbed his eyes, realizing for the first time that he had forgotten to put on his glasses. That was why everything had appeared so misshapen and blurry in the darkness. It was out of character for him to have left his glasses behind, but a part of him must have known that it would only make him less prepared, more exposed and defenseless as he went to meet the other man.

He could just barely make out the outline of Snape, sitting across from him behind what could only be a pensieve and orange vials of memory stacked beside it. It appeared the man was not in the throes of a memory, however, and Harry assumed he had been lost in thought for some time, eyes unfocused as he replayed a past life.

“Professor Snape?” he asked again, forcing himself to speak louder as he opened the door a bit more. He was surprised at just how nervous he felt, despite his anticipation. Swallowing thickly, he unconsciously dropped a hand to cover some of the wetness of his crotch. He hoped the man had not yet noticed, that the door was still hiding his little problem.

The dark man stood from a stool and quickly whisked the vials of memory into an opened drawer, realizing that he was not alone with a slight growl that Harry knew did not bode well.

“Mr. Potter, are you unaware that bedtimes are strict in this household, that they are to be obeyed unless you would like to suffer extreme consequences?”

The man’s voice was thick and deep, his lips pursed together as he stood glaring at Harry threateningly. The boy could not help but stumble a step backwards, his heartbeat quickening in his throat.

“I-I’m sorry, sir,” Harry mumbled, nearly incoherent. He had hoped Snape would be amenable to fooling around once more, that the sight of him in wet pants would spark arousal within the man, and he would once more be pulled onto his lap and held close.

“It is nearly three o’clock in the morning, Mr. Potter,” Snape spat, gathering the pensieve and shoving it back onto a shelf with a sneer of anger. “What possible reason could you have for disturbing the entire household by prancing about the hallways like an undisciplined house elf at such an ungodly hour?”

Harry did not speak, knowing he would simply make a blithering, stammering fool of himself were he to try. It was clear the man was in a foul mood, that whatever memories he had been viewing in the pensieve had either been infuriating or extremely painful. Harry should have simply laid a towel under Draco, taken him out of his wet clothes, and left Snape to deal with his own godson in the morning. Except now he had gone and bothered Snape, now he had pissed through the pajamas himself, had brought himself into what should have simply remained Draco’s indiscretion, and there was no pretending it had never happened.

“Come here,” Snape ordered, pointing in front of him as he turned to the door and stood at his full height. Harry was unused to this anger from Snape, as the anger he showed in class or during detentions had never felt quite so unguarded as this, had never felt as volatile. He worried that Snape would strike him, and had the same sinking feeling in his stomach that overtook him when his Uncle Vernon used to discipline him with wooden spoons or old shoes or even, once, a garden hoe.

“I-I’m sorry, Professor,” Harry mumbled, backing away from the door. “I’ll g-go back to b-bed.”

Harry turned to retreat, but Snape was too quick for him, storming to the door and yanking it open wide enough to cause it to slam against the wall of the laboratory.

“I told you to come here,” Snape said sharply, and even without his glasses, he could feel as he turned around that the man’s eyes were intense and cold.

As Snape stepped out of his laboratory and came face to face with the boy in the living room, Harry was surprised to find whimpering noises coming from his own throat. He had suddenly been reduced to the nine-year-old he had once been, cowering from his Uncle’s fists, praying that, for once, nothing would be broken and no blood would be shed. He stood as straight as possible, doing his best to prove to himself that he was seventeen, that he was braver than he had once been, and yet feeling quite unsuccessful in his attempt. He vowed that he would not cry; that would only give them the satisfaction.

“I...I’m sorry,” Harry began, cursing himself for already admitting his culpability by apologizing. His hands drifted to the front of his crotch, attempting to casually cover the darkness spread across his thighs and down his legs, although he knew it would not go unnoticed.

Snape grabbed him roughly by the upper arm and yanked him into the laboratory so hard that Harry stumbled off his feet, being dragged across the threshold as Snape glowered in anger.

“Did you not, Mr. Potter, inform me that you no longer pissed your sheets?” He demanded, throwing Harry against the wall and bending down to bore into his eyes.

“Y-yes,” Harry said, pitifully, closing his eyes as the momentum caused his head to slam against the wall.. “B-but I--”

“Which means that you were lying to me earlier, does it not?”

Harry opened his mouth, but could not think up any excuse. Even if he told the truth, Snape would not believe him. He pulled at the hem of the pajama shirt, wanting to point out that the clothes he was wearing were Draco’s, that they were nearly too small on him and in the wrong color. When had Snape ever seen Harry wear the emerald green of Slytherin House?

“Answer me, Potter!” Snape yelled, slamming his hand against the wall dangerously close to the side of Harry’s head.

Harry cringed, turning his head away as he squeezed his eyes closed.

“N-no,” he said without thinking. “It-it wasn’t m-me.”

Snape nearly roared as he took Harry by the shoulders and shook him, then threw him back against the wall and grabbed the boy roughly between the legs, causing Harry to gasp and shove himself as close to the wall as possible, shuddering with either terror or stimulation. Snape squeezed Harry’s crotch, causing a splatter of liquid to splash onto the floor.

“Then would you care to explain why you’ve been wandering around my rooms in soiled clothing? Would you care to enlighten me as to why you think it acceptable to trail your stinking, revolting pee through my hallways like some kind of feral dog?”

Harry was barely breathing by the time Snape released his crotch, and he crumpled down to the ground as soon as the man let him go.

“Fuck you,” Harry spat, unable to keep his anger in check any longer. He knew it was wrong to fight back, knew his Uncle would simply smack him around for longer were he to show any signs of animosity, and yet he was unable to restrain himself as he stood back to his full height and faced off against his Professor. “You didn’t seem to mind a bit of carnality when you pissed yourself dry into your robes earlier today, when you dragged me onto your lap and wouldn’t let me go, when you marked me, claimed me like some piece of meat and proved just how untamed you really are.”

Snape slapped him across the mouth but Harry barely flinched. He had been hit harder by his Aunt Petunia. Squaring off, he walked himself towards the man, reaching forward and grabbing Snape’s crotch through his many layers of robes. He was shocked to feel that the fabric was still damp, that the man had changed back into the clothing he had pissed in.

“Watch yourself, Potter,” Snape warned, although Harry knew he was enjoying this immensely.

The Potions Master groaned as the Gryffindor pressed against him, as he fondled him and his damp clothing.

“I didn’t pee your fucking bed,” Harry spat. “Draco did.”

Snape shoved the boy away from him and once more threw him against the wall. He pressed himself close, bending a knee to shove against the boy’s crotch as his own groin found pressure humping the boy’s hip. He ran a rough hand over the boy’s cheek and down his neck to curl his fingers threateningly around his pounding throat.

“I am quite aware of that, Mr. Potter,” Snape whispered.

And with that, he bent down and shoved his mouth against Harry’s, reducing the boy to pleading moans as he begged for it to continue, as he lost himself in the powerful lips and the opened mouth of his Professor, who raised his thumb from the boy’s sensitive throat up beneath the boy’s jaw, pressing it there to keep him from pulling away, pressing it there to remind him that he was in control, and that there was nothing the sixth-year Gryffindor could do about it.

###

*118*2012-06-30 14:55

{{:

10 points for foxface for being extremely original once again!

I believe I never read this kind of thing before. Swapping pajama pants right? As if Snape wouldn't notice... Silly, silly Potter.

I said this before, but I am going to say it again: I love the difference between Draco and Harry. Draco being so terribly embarrassed and Harry being so damn turned on. Snape being a total asshole about Harry wandering through his quarters made Harry feel embarrassed as well and that was a great switch and also (yet again) a big surprise. I could feel Harry's anger, his fear of being wrong this time. But Snape isn't able to control himself this time and I love that. You describe it very well... His anger cracks up to being aroused in a matter of seconds - probably his pensieve already forgotten. I suppose that's the reason he was so angry in the first place anyway.

Ah well, written really well once again. I am sorry that there aren't more people commenting on your story, but I hope I am able to keep you encouraged. :)

}}

Thanks so much, Wolf, and sorry it's taken me so long to respond to your very nice comments! I'm glad you liked this chapter and the switching of pajama pants--I was fond of it myself! ;)

I'm really happy to get the feedback about Snape's characterization in this last chapter, and I'm glad it seemed to work for you. It gets a bit tricky when I'm trying to figure out Snape's anger versus his arousal as well as his reaction to Harry appearing in wet pants, so let me know if you think there's anything I should improve on in those kinds of situations!

Thanks so much and hope you're doing well in general :)

{{:

I've been reading this for a while now, and I thought I owed you a reply now since I actually made an account!

This story captured me from the first chapter. Not many people can pull off such a well written and beautifully portrayed omorashi fic such as this! Tied in with the angst (goodness gracias, I love angst), it really is just almost perfect. There are hardly any typos, which in incredibly excellent, and the characters are very nicely portrayed.

You've also opened my mind to Ron/Draco, which I never thought I'd like before! And while I don't enjoy Snape/Harry very much (I prefer Snape/Draco), even I couldn't just skim through the last few chapters (as I often do with stories on this site). It was all just too perfect.

I cannot wait for the next update. You truly are an amazing writer.

}}

Wow, thank you so much, and welcome to the site! I'm glad you made an account, and hope you have fun here.



I'm also a fan of angst (obviously) so I'm glad to find someone else on board with it--it just works so well for these characters, because they're all so needy at times and have been neglected at one point or another (I guess the whole Lucius/Draco thing isn't exactly explicit in the books, but there's no way that kid had a normal childhood). Thanks for your encouragement and I hope you'll keep reading.

No one really writes much Ron/Draco, but I do think it has the potential to be a really great pairing, so I'm glad I was able to get you thinking about it. I'm also glad that you're still reading even though you're not a huge fan of Snarry--not sure if there will be anything too explicit in terms of Snape/Draco, but I'm expecting there will be a few...developments...in their relationship. ;)

Anyway, thanks so much for reading and thanks even more for commenting!

*119*2012-06-30 15:06

Here's the next update--I've been away for a while so haven't had time to post. Hope you've all been well! Enjoy!

Chapter 26

The next morning, Draco could not help but blush as his Uncle surveyed the damage done to his bed, the large wet-spot still stained against the bed, the edges dried slightly to give the white sheets a yellow tinge. He had to keep himself from apologizing, and instead hung his head in his desire not to look at his Uncle. If only he had been allowed to keep his wand, this would not have happened. He could have hidden it from the man; he could have cleaned himself up and not felt like such a misbehaving child. He clenched his jaw, suddenly angry, convinced that his Uncle enjoyed seeing him in such a vulnerable position, that he liked making Draco rely on him in his weakness.

“The two of you need to get cleaned up,” Snape said, calling to Draco’s mind the words he had spoken after finding the boys playing their game of teacher-student back in the Slytherin common room. “Breakfast is in twenty minutes.”

The man could have easily cleaned the sheets with a flick of his wrist, and yet he instead spelled the sheets off the bed, revealing the damage done to the mattress. The sheets were sent to a bundle next to the doorway, and Draco caught Harry eyeing them, and saw a look pass between his godfather and the other boy. Something had happened between the two of them, and the blonde could not help but think of his trysts with Weasley, of the way the boy had yelled and struck and spanked; Draco felt sick to his stomach when he realized he was getting aroused imagining Snape dominating Harry, and he quickly left the room to take a shower in the hallway loo. Harry had sacrificed his own dignity for Draco, and here he was wishing he had witnessed the boy’s punishment, wishing that he had listened harder in case he had been able to hear the other boy’s stifled screams.

Breakfast was fast and quiet, Draco barely glancing up from the food on his plate. He was not hungry, although his godfather was not one to let food go to waste. He knew he would be required to at least make an effort of eating the food that had been made for him. He gulped juice and tried to work up the stomach for his toast and eggs. It had been a bad idea to bring Harry to his godfather’s. He was already dreading the prospect of wetting the bed that night, the prospect of Harry having to cover for him once more. He knew he would not be able to let him without the guilt eating him alive, and once again cursed himself for getting attached, for becoming soft enough to care that the Gryffindor was becoming his whipping-boy.

Harry, for his part, seemed unaffected apart from an eagerness which Draco could not place a motive to. He was eating heartily, seemingly chipper as he rambled on about this or that on occasion and kept up a conversation with Dobby, who had brought their breakfast up from the Hogwarts kitchens. Draco had not gotten the opportunity to speak with him before they had been summoned to the kitchen table; he kept trying to look at him apologetically, to signal to him that he was grateful for whatever it was Harry had endured on his behalf, but the boy did not make eye contact with him, and was soon helping Dobby with the dirty dishes.

“Leave that, Mr. Potter,” Snape prompted from his seat at the head of the table. “Gather your school work and bring it out here. Mr. Malfoy, I’d like you to do likewise. I assume neither of you has made even a semblance of progress since I last supervised.”

Draco paled, remembering that he had left both his and Harry’s assignments back at Grimmauld Place in a burst of defiance against his Uncle. He had been intrigued by the idea of behaving more like his old, misbehaving self, had been inspired by the Weasley twins to prove his power and strength through mischievousness, and yet now he regretted the decision wholeheartedly. Once again, he was liable to get Harry in trouble, and he had already been beating himself up over the guilt from last night.

“I...I think I forgot to...” Draco swallowed, hating the timid, scared excuses that he was beginning to form. He sighed and sat up straight in his chair as he squared off towards his godfather. “I left our school work behind,” he stated, fighting the urge to glance away.

“And what, pray tell, would possess you to do that?” Snape asked, voice tempered with annoyance.

Harry began to speak, obviously about to fabricate some excuse that would take the blame off of Draco and put it onto himself, but Draco cut him off, standing at the table and shrugging.

“I didn’t feel like bringing the books, sir,” he said, the corner of his mouth turning in a smirk. He felt more like his old self, felt the first hints of power in his disrespectful tone. He felt like the Slytherin bully that had been able to make his father at least marginally proud. “But I’m sure you have plenty for us to work on.”

Rising from his place, Snape stood to his full height, his facial expression a warning to Draco, a dare to continue the defiance.

“I’ll go get them,” Harry said, obviously wanting to displace the tension, but Draco was not having it.

“You’ve probably memorized our assignments, anyway, haven’t you?” he mused, turning from the table and his half-finished breakfast. “I’m sure you’ll be able to dictate each subject matter specifically.”

Snape’s hands were resting flat against the kitchen table, and they tensed as Snape glared at Draco. The man jerked a hand towards Dobby, signalling for him to leave, and the house elf disapparated without so much as a word. Harry looked as if he were torn between defending Draco, and staying quiet so as to keep him Snape from fury.

“You would do well to control your tone of voice, Mr. Malfoy,” he drawled, his gaze boring into Draco. “A lack of sleep due to...particular circumstances...does not excuse your defiance or disrespect.”

Swallowing, Draco could not help but roll his eyes in a futile attempt to cover up his embarrassment as he reached for a wand that was not there. It was cruel of his godfather to allude towards him wetting the bed, and he knew if any of his dorm-mates had mentioned the problem in that way, he would have attacked, would have had his wand drawn and curses would have already been thrown. His Uncle was supposed to care for him, and yet, at the moment, he felt entirely unwelcome.

“What are you going to do? Give me detention?” It was not his most original retort, although he knew it would have the desired effect. He caught Harry’s eye, and smirked at him; despite his godfather’s obvious anger, it felt good to back-talk, to defy the rules. He was comfortable playing the role of roguish student; he had done it for years.

Snape stood slowly to his full height, his lips pursed in anger.

“I’m not sure who you are showing off for, Mr. Malfoy, but I can assure you that such impolite flippancy regarding my authority will not be tolerated while you are staying here. And, as you once again seem to enjoy acting the part of impudent child, I will be all too happy to treat you as such. Stand in the corner.”

Draco scoffed, plopping down into his seat and crossing his arms over his chest. Now that he had begun, he was damned if he wasn’t going to see it to its conclusion. There was no way he would willingly go to time-out like a penitent five year old.

“Mr. Potter,” Snape said, turning half his gaze towards Harry. “I regret to say that, should Mr. Malfoy continue to disobey me and the rules of this household, he will not be permitted houseguests. Please pack your things.”

“Fine,” Draco sighed, rolling his eyes once more. He scrambled from the chair and yet walked slowly across the living room, dragging his feet before he settled into the far corner behind an armchair. If he had had just a bit more nerve, he would have flipped his Uncle off behind his back on his way past. But the truth of the matter was he was no longer angry; and he realized with a bit of shame that he had acted out for the attention, and that he had enjoyed it, despite its negative outcome.

###

Harry was sent to Grimmauld Place to retrieve the forgotten schoolbooks and assignments. Snape was overlooking his progress, monitoring each assignment in turn as they sat across from each other at the kitchen table. Draco had been in the corner for nearly and hour and a half, and ever so often Harry watched as he shifted on his feet, but whether bored or uncomfortable he could not tell from his view of his back. He had a sinking suspicion that the boy would need a pee sometime soon, as Harry was already feeling the need and had drunk less than Draco at breakfast. Then again, maybe the blonde had pissed before breakfast; Harry had been holding it since he peed through his pajamas the night before, his full bladder a reminder of just what had happened between he and his burly Potions Professor.

“He just wants the attention,” Harry said quietly, keeping his voice from travelling across the living room towards Draco as he scribbled out the proper incantation for a Transfiguration assignment. “You know he only acts out to get a rise out of you.”

“And you believe such behavior should be rewarded?” Snape asked, sarcasm heavy in his voice as one eyebrow raised. “You would do well to punish negative outbursts of energy immediately should you ever become a teacher. Students are the same whether they are eleven years old, or seventeen.”

Harry nodded, but could not help glancing up cheekily at the man, and making a comment to the effect that they simply became hornier as they got older. Snape gave him a warning glance, although Harry was unconcerned. Something had happened between the two of them, something akin to the barriers that had been broken between he and Draco after that first night they were sequestered in the Slytherin common rooms. He was still far from trusting the man, or even liking him as a human being outside the context of some sexual situation, and yet he no longer feared the man. He had seen another side of the Potions Professor, and he knew he had gained an upper hand by becoming witness to the man’s desires.

“Do your work,” Snape said before turning back to his own papers. From what he could see, it looked to Harry as if Snape were compiling a book of potions. The man seemed to be editing pages he had previously put together, potions recipes as well as descriptions and uses of each.

Harry casually placed a hand into his lap, on top of his tensed thighs, although he did not yet grasp himself. Glancing across the room at Draco, there was no doubt the boy needed a pee. He was moving in place despite his obvious effort to stand still, and Harry could see that his legs were tensed, pressed together as he stared at the corner.

“How long are you going to keep him there?” Harry asked, prompting Snape to glance at Draco just as the boy bent slightly at the waist. Harry had a suspicion that at least on hand was pressed into his crotch, a stab of need having hit him.

“Continue your assignment,” Snape said, ignoring the question as he returned to his editing.

“Are you writing a book?” Harry asked, too aroused and preoccupied to concentrate on his schoolwork. He hooked his ankles around the legs of the kitchen chair and scooted himself farther under the table, squeezing his crotch without the chance of detection.

“Continue your assignment, Mr. Potter,” Snape repeated, not looking up from his work.

Harry sighed, setting his quill pen down on the table and leaning back in his chair as he pulled a textbook towards him. He could at least make it appear as if he were reading. Fifteen minutes passed before Harry spoke up again. He had been keeping his gaze half on Draco, not reading but simply flipping pages when he felt it was appropriate, and he knew the blonde boy was in trouble. He kept lifting one leg up off the floorboards and twisting in on himself. His hands were shoved down his pockets for a time, obviously holding himself, but eventually even that stopped working, and Harry saw the boy press himself as far as possible into the wall as he openly squeezed his crotch with one hand. It was not hard to guess what was going on, even watching from behind.

“You know, he’s not going to last much longer,” Harry said, nodding with his chin towards the corner in which Draco was squirming.

“Unless you’d like to join Mr. Malfoy in the corner, it would behoove you to work quietly,” Snape snapped, obviously his patience for Harry was spent.

Harry fiddled with the waistband of his jeans, feeling the hard, full bladder at the base of his stomach. Was Snape trying to punish Draco? Did he want him to embarrass himself and have an accident? It was possible that was the point, that the Potions Master was planning to make Draco see the error of his childish ways by wetting himself, although Harry doubted Snape would use such a tactic, knowing Draco’s father had abused his child in much the same way. And yet, the dark man seemed to have no sympathy towards his godson, who had bent down to lean his forehead against the wall, who had two hands between his legs, grasping himself.

“If you’re that aroused,” Harry began, speaking bluntly because he knew it would draw Snape out of his preoccupation with his manuscript, “I’ll pee myself for you. I’ve been bursting since just after breakfast. But you’ll only make it worse for Draco if you force him to do it; he doesn’t like it the same way. It only embarrasses him.”

Snape’s nostrils flared as he slowly looked up from his manuscript, glaring at Harry in unadulterated exasperation. His attention was drawn from the dark-haired boy’s inappropriate suggestion, however, when they heard a strangled whimper coming from the corner, where Draco was nearly squatting, bent at the waist with his thighs glued together.

“He’s about to do it,” Harry said, willing Snape to see reason. “He’s almost doing it now. His briefs are already wet, I guarantee it.”

He couldn’t help but be aroused by Draco’s desperation, and yet he felt for the other boy, knowing how ashamed he would be once he went in his pants. He beared down against his own lap, Draco’s predicament making his own all the worse as he became nervous for what Draco was about to do. Snape shrugged, and seemed to be unconcerned.

“I never knew quite how over-dramatic you could be, Mr. Potter. I would not have expected it from you, although I suppose your father was the type as well.”

Harry glowered at the negative mention of his father. Why was Snape acting this way? Didn’t he see that Draco was in pain, that this was torture for the boy? He could hear the boy sniffling in the corner, knew he was remembering all the times his father had forced him to hold his pee, all the times his father had embarrassed him or used his own needs against him simply to put him in his place.

“His father used to torture him like this, too,” Harry said, glaring as he closed his books with a thump. “You’re no better than that slime if you make him do this.”

“Leave this table,” Snape demanded, teeth clenched. “Go to your room.”

Shoving himself away from the table, Harry gathered his papers and books in a huff before storming off. And yet, he knew it had not been in vain, that something had resonated with Snape, for as he closed himself into the guest bedroom, he heard Snape’s deep voice dismiss Draco from the corner. From inside the room, he could hear the boy scramble into the next-door loo and, minutes later, heard the toilet flush. The movement from the table to the guest room had made Harry even more aware of his desperate state, and he clutched himself, pacing back and forth between the two small beds which Snape had transfigured out of the previous larger one.

The door opened and Draco scurried inside, his eyes red-rimmed and teary. Harry could see a patch of wetness to the right of his zipper which extended halfway down his thigh.

“It’s alright,” Harry said, prying his hand from between his legs to take Draco in his arms. “It wasn’t your fault.”

Harry could never tell whether to expect anger or despair from the other boy after incidents like this, and so had learned to prepare himself for either and both.

“I hate him,” Draco mumbled into Harry’s shoulder, and yet he said nothing more, resting his cheek against the taller boy’s body until Harry was required to pull away, grabbing himself and moving his hips back and forth.

“I have to go,” Harry admitted. “It’s really bad now.”

Draco took in Harry’s hunched demeanor and leaned in to kiss the boy on the lips. Harry obliged, grateful for the comfort of familiarity and acceptance. Snape may be hot as hell, may be new and different and exciting, but he would never be for Harry what Draco had become. He was simply a good lay, and Harry had no plans for him to be anything more.

“Will you hold it for me?” Draco asked timidly. Harry glanced down and smiled crookedly when he saw the stiffness in the blonde’s jeans, and he nodded, reaching a hand down to tease Draco, running a finger back and forth over the wetness which was obviously hiding a pair of nearly dripping wet briefs.

“I might not be able to make it, though,” Harry whispered. “I’m about to wet my pants.”

Draco kissed Harry again, shoving him backwards to fall on his bed before crawling on top of him, sitting with his knees on either side of his waist. Harry gasped and a burst of pee bloomed through his briefs and onto his jeans.

“Thank Merlin for that,” Draco sighed, kissing the boy open-mouthed as he waited for Harry to lose control, as he listened to him groan and whimper and, after a valiant effort, felt him go still as his pee streamed into his clothes.

###

*123*2012-07-06 16:17

{{:

Can't wait to see whats next! i love the concept! simply amazing

}}

Thanks! Glad you're enjoying the story, and thanks for commenting!

{{:

OKAY. I'm here now, and I'm reviewing, though I'm only going to review this chapter, because if I also review all the ones I've missed, we'll both be here forever- me writing, and you reading.

I LOVE THIS STORY. And I've been horribly neglecting it, like a bad parent... or something. lol

I could get into the Snarry that I've been waiting for, but like I said, we'd be here forever if I did that. Just know that I love everything you do, especially the Snarry..... okay, I can't resist saying one thing about it. The moment in the first Snarry chapter when Snape nearly collapses against his desk when Harry looks at him, and the description of Harry being a combination of Lily's eyes and innocence and Sirius' messy black hair... that was the best part of the chapter. Hands down. Fo realz.

}}

I'm so glad you're back, Ryoku! This story wouldn't be the same without you! I'm really glad the Snarry works for you. I love writing it, but I think it definitely turned some people off from this story, so I'm glad to see that you're at least appreciative of it (as I know a few others are as well!).

{{:

But moving on: fantastic chapter! I loved Draco's moment of rebellion, however brief! Obviously, like I've mentioned before, I really like the hard-headed, stubborn and obnoxious Draco, and even though I really like your vulnerable Draco too, it's nice to see him just being an ass once in a while. haha. I think it was made especially better with your charaterization of being vulnerable, though, because then it really gives a reason for him acting out and talking back. And Harry defending him was great, too. I love that he's not shy about telling Snape how terrible he is if he treats Draco the same way Lucius does. And he's got such a foul mouth, too! I laughed when he was telling Snape that he needed to pee, and that he would do it willingly as opposed to Draco being forced into wetting.

Harry's constant chatter was hilarious. It's so fitting with his character that he can't make himself focus, and just wants to talk the whole time he and Snape are sitting there, like asking him about his book and whatnot. And even though he gets the shortest response to every thing he says by Snape, he's always got one more thing to say. I loved that.

}}

You're such a fantastic reader/reviewer because, as I've said before, you catch on to the smallest details and always understand exactly what it is I'm going for. I was a bit worried that Draco's rebellion would seem out of character for my characterization of him, but you understood that he is acting out because of the vulnerability that has become a constant for him, and not despite it. And you're spot-on with your interpretation of Harry's characterization in this last chapter. I wanted his interactions with Snape to be both entertaining and an extension of the kind of debauchery which took place in his laboratory, which has given Harry a bit of a new-found cheekiness in his relationship with Snape.

{{:

I felt really bad for Snape, though, when Harry was thinking to himself that Snape is just a good lay. I don't know how Snape feels about Harry in this story (for example, if Snape would even come near the word "love" or if he's just physically attracted to Harry due to his resemblance to the two people he's loved and lost), but the fact that Snape has never really had a significant long lasting and stable partner in his life made that thought of Harry's seems so... like he wasn't taking Snape into account, and was just using him because Harry is physically attracted to him. It made Harry sound a bit insensitive to Snape, becoming intimate with him but willing to drop it any time he feels like it, regardless of Snape's, for lack of a better word, feelings (I hate to say feelings because it sounds so sensitive) for Harry.

Harry wouldn't be with Snape if it turned out that Snape actually did love him; it wouldn't matter to Harry because he doesn't love him back, and knows that Draco is really the one he wants. I don't mean to say anything bad about your story while writing all this, but I'd like to see more about how Snape's sees their.... "relationship" and how he expects things to turn out between them. In my head, I figure Snape isn't expecting much, because he isn't the Romantic type of guy in the sense that he expects everything to turn out well, and for Snape to get what he wants (in this case, Harry, if he does care for Harry that much). And with his involvement in the war and his "allegiance" to the Dark Lord, I'd imagine Snape wouldn't be so naive as to expect his love (if it exists) to work out. I hope I'm explaining my thought process well enough, because while it all makes sense in my head, it may come across differently to you while reading this.

}}

I understand exactly what you're saying, and I agree that it was an insensitive thing for Harry to think. I wanted this to seem like a fleeting thought on Harry's part (since at that moment we are in his mind in terms of point of view), because, as you'll see a bit in this next chapter and even moreso in the chapters to follow, Harry realizes that his appreciation for Snape is not purely physical, and his feelings become far more complicated.

Once again, you've already anticipated the realization Harry has in the coming chapters! Can you say best. reader. ever? Or, maybe we're just far too similar in our thought-processes regarding characterization, becasue I can never seem to get anything past you--you always know what is coming next!

You will see more in terms of Snape's feelings as well--chapter 28 is from his perspective, and gets inside his mind a bit more in terms of what he's feeling for Harry.

{{:

This chapter is actually relatively small in terms of plot changes or significant content, but is every bit as enjoyable as the others. I actually really like the small moments like this, when they're just enjoying their fetish together. I think one of the best things about this story is the amount of wetting and the circumstances behind it. I can't remember where you mentioned it- probably in a chapter that had no wetting- but I remember you saying that you didn't like stories with wetting in every chapter because it just gets ridiculous and unrealistic (and I agree).

I think your story has perfected when to include wetting, and it has most certainly perfected the circumstances behind the wettings. Not every wetting is an accident, which I think is one of the biggest things that makes your story so enjoyable. In fact, pretty much every time Harry wets is on purpose, and if Draco ever wets or comes close, it's because of his small bladder. The fact that Harry wets on purpose makes this story that much more enjoyable than most other stories, mostly because I don't like humiliation and Harry is rarely embarrassed by wetting, but also because he gets as much enjoyment out of his own wettings as the readers do (and Draco does XD). The fact that he wets because he is sexually charged makes the wettings so much more fun to read.

Anyway, hooray for another exhausting long review from me! Woo! Can't wait to do it again! *nods approvingly*

}}

You're too good to me in these reviews, Ryoku! I'm very glad you feel that the omo has found its place in this story. I try to keep it in the forefront considering this is an omo site, but I never want the wettings to seem unrealistic or contrived. I also think keeping the characters contantly desperate or having unintentional wettings can get somewhat boring after a while, so I try to come up with new scenarios or throw in the occasional intentional wetting here and there. I know its a little out of the norm to have a character aroused by his own wetting in omo stories, but I think it's that much more interesting to portray Harry as an omo-lover himself, and gives me so many excuses to put him in situations where he is wetting himself or looking out for desperation in others!

{{:

(EDIT)

And I LOVE how much Snape misses Sirius! And that he looks for the intimacy he missed out on with Sirius in Harry. Like I said in that paragraph above, I don't know how Snape feels about Harry, but if he loved Sirius then it seems like this is a hollow way to live the fantasies he wasn't able to with Sirius. If that's the case, though, that makes me kind of sad. Because it's not real love that will make Snape... happy? That's totally not the right word for Snape, haha, but you know what I mean. It seems like it would only cause Snape more grief about Sirius' death, because it makes him realize just what he can't have anymore. I'm probably also not explaining this right, so I'm going to stop now. haha, update again!

}}

The whole Sirius/Harry/Snape thing will get even more complicated in chapters to come (you'll see the beginnings of this in the next chapter), and Snape will continue to try to figure out just why he is attracted to Harry. Does he only like him because he is aligned with Sirius and Lily in his mind, or is there something else? We'll have to wait and see ;)

Thanks for reviewing and reading and being amazing!

{{:

Just noticed I haven't replied on this yet. Started to miss your story already... ;)

Now, what am I supposed to say after that huge (!) comment of Ryoku-the-fox? I seriously don't know what else to say then 'loved it again, please gimme more!'

}}

Thank you, Wolf--I think you officially win the award for most consistent reviewer (with Ryoku a close 2nd place), and, if I haven't told you before, you're wonderful and generally just great!

{{:

Oh, and something else: I really don't understand why there is such a lack of comments on this story, because it's brilliant. I wouldn't mind this lack of comments though. Probably people loose interest when things get really complicated. Or well, that's what I think... Now I wanted to ask you: do you have anything interesting to read that doesn't involve omorashi? Because I really would like to read more from you. If you feel comfortable with that of course. :)

}}

I do have to admit the lack of comments has been getting to me a bit, which is probably why there's been such a long lag-time between updates lately, but I know I shouldn't let it affect me, and I know I have some wonderful readers who I don't want to leave hanging! I agree that the story has gotten very long and involved, and a lot of people like quick updates and may not have the time to read through such long chapters. I am honestly so grateful that I have a few loyal fans, so I need to stop whining--I just think I was spoiled earlier by the number of comments I was getting in the beginning chapters!

I do write things that do not involve omorashi, but for some reason am much more self-conscious about my general fiction than the omorashi fanfiction that I write. I guess it's because I put too much pressure on myself when it's not a fanfiction, and sometimes second-guess myself. But if I ever write something I'm happy with, I'll send it along! :)

New update momentarily!

*124*2012-07-06 16:39

I kind of can't believe that I'm up to chapter 27 of this story--it's essentially novel-length at this point, so those of you still reading, thanks for sticking with me! I'm going to try to update at a quicker pace--I've been slacking these past few weeks but don't want to keep you guys waiting for too long.

This chapter involves a lot of exposition and not too much omo, but gives the context for the way the boys live while staying with Snape and is hopefully still interesting. Thanks again for reading and hope you all have a good end to your week!

Chapter 27

After a week or so of settling into their arrangement, Snape and his two unexpected charges fell into a rather comfortable routine. It seemed both Harry and Draco had resolved themselves to the arrangement, and, as a result, there had been fewer power struggles displaying their stubborn pride and their Potions Professor’s dominating personality. Snape found himself almost enjoying the company, almost enjoying that his days were once again scheduled in blocks of wake-up calls, study halls, lunch hours, and bedtimes.

He ran his house as if the boys were back at Hogwarts, and thus they had easily settled back into the strict order of it all, having gotten used to it over the years. Harry received a small taste of what it was like to be under the eyes of the Slytherin Head of House, and had to admit that it was not all that different from being under the care of McGonagall, especially considering Snape seemed to almost come close to displaying his own brand of compassion during times of stress or concern, particularly in regard to Draco.

The younger Slytherin continued to wet the bed, and it was not hard to see that the entire situation was wearing on his self-confidence, as it always had. As a result, Draco seemed to have days of fierce rebellion towards his Uncle, days he would back talk and roll his eyes and refuse to obey the rules, days he spent the afternoon sequestered in a corner or to his room as punishment.

And yet Snape seemed to understand how to handle the problem with the least amount of embarrassment possible for his godson. He sent Harry and Draco to bed at ten, the curfew they were used to during the school year. Snape himself had always been a horrible sleeper, and had come to appreciate the silence and solitude he found in the middle of the night. Just before he went to bed himself, he would check on Draco, spelling clean his bed had he peed or taking him to the loo if he was dry. All of this was done in such an efficient, quiet way that many nights Harry slept through the ritual, never knowing one way or another whether Draco had wet himself unless he had wet after the 2am wake-up call and found his sheets soaked in the morning.

Harry had been having his own problems sleeping, as his nightmares seemed to be making a resurgence as he slept in the dark, claustrophobic dungeon rooms. He dreamed of Voldemort, of his parents’ death, and sometimes he dreamt that Ron, Hermione, and Draco had all been murdered, and that he was the only one left. But, more than anything else, he dreamt of Sirius’ death, a death he had seen with his own eyes, one that haunted him night and day. On nights Harry couldn’t sleep after waking up from a nightmare, he lay in bed pretending to be asleep, hearing Snape comforting Draco, assuring him, however brusquely, that there was nothing to be embarrassed by, that he had not done anything wrong.

In some part of him, Harry resented Draco’s relationship with Snape. It almost seemed fatherly, comfortable in a familial way. And, as the sleepless nights continued, as he saw Snape for the man he was when no one was looking, he knew that he was most resentful of the fact that it was Draco being comforted, and not him, resentful that Draco had been given two fathers, while he had none.

Harry hadn’t seen Snape alone since the first night they had stayed in his rooms, the night he and Draco had switched pajamas and the Potions Professor had kissed him. He suspected the man were waiting for Harry to make the next move, suspected that he did not want to push something onto the boy that Harry did not want. And yet the Gryffindor became confused, unsure of Snape’s feelings. He missed Snape’s attention, the way he had looked at him, even the way he had hit him. But how was he supposed to tell the man this when he wasn’t even sure that Snape wanted it to continue?

He had returned to his business-like nature in dealing with Harry, and the boy began to doubt that anything had happened between them at all. Snape had set up a daily itinerary for the boys, which at first they grudgingly followed but soon came to unconsciously appreciate for the structure and balance it brought to their often chaotic lives. After breakfast, Snape monitored their schoolwork, and would accept nothing more than perfect answers, perfect penmanship, and perfect sentence structure. They were constantly re-doing their assignments, and Harry and Draco knew that, even once they had finished their assigned summer work, Snape would have supplemental materials for them to work on.

After their allotted schoolwork had been completed in the morning, they would eat lunch in the Great Hall for a change of pace, often seeing Dumbledore and a handful of other teachers as well, all of whom had presumably been given some story concerning the presence of Draco and Malfoy. Snape often sat with the other Professors, leaving the boys to their own devices. Whenever they ate alone, Harry had Draco nearly falling off his seat laughing as he made up what it was each of the Professors were saying to the others at their table. He played out imagined conversations between a bored Snape and a clueless Madame Pomfrey in which she gave him far too much information about her simple-minded cousin Walter, who, due to the misuse of a love potion, had gone completely mute although twice as poetically inclined.

“I’m telling you, he’s a clearly gifted poet,” Harry would mimic in a high-pitched, worried voice he put on to play Sprout. “If only he could regain control of his tongue or learn to handle the unfortunate drooling problem he seems to have developed.”

Every once in awhile, however, Snape would inexplicably sit with Harry and Draco, and if he were in a good mood they could get him to relay stories in which their parents played key roles. Harry could always hear the disdain in the man’s voice whenever his father became a key character in the story, which angered him, although Snape’s obvious admiration for his mother and proclivity to discuss her more than the others made up for his bias. The most entertaining stories by far were those about Lucius Malfoy, whom Snape seemed to know almost as well as himself, relating stories of first kisses and pranks played on teachers as well as their fellow Slytherin dorm-mates. Harry and Draco laughed just as much then as they did while making up dialogues between Dumbledore and Professor Sprout outlining the proper way to deal with an unfortunate case of back acne.

After lunch, Snape would lead his charges back to his rooms, where they were required to rest for an hour before being allowed to play Quidditch outside or roam the hallways of the castle. They were sequestered to their room, and Snape expected them to read or sleep, saying a time of rest in the middle of the day was good for their constitutions as well as their health. He frowned on them talking, and would guide one out into the living room if he heard them goofing off rather than resting. In light of this, Harry and Draco had gotten very good at fooling around quietly, and often took the hour of rest for an hour-long make-out session.

The afternoons were theirs to spend how they liked, and most days they roamed around the grounds outside or, if the weather was bad, spent time searching for secret passageways in the castle, referring to Harry’s Marauder’s Map, or, if they were feeling ambitious, simply setting out to search themselves. They sometimes snuck into the restricted section of the library, although neither of them felt much like studying, and preferred to stray to the old Hogwarts’ yearbooks, where they could find old pictures of their parents and the occasional photo of a sallow-skinned, pale boy with greasy hair that could only be their Potions Master.

There were times Harry felt a pang of sadness after hearing Snape’s stories regarding his parents or mulling over pictures of them resting at the edge of the castle grounds. On these days, he would retreat alone to his old dorm room and have a good cry on the bare mattress within the empty room. Even the maroon curtains had been taken off the bed canopies to be washed and ironed before the next school year, but Harry didn’t mind; at times like those he simply needed to be alone.

“Everything alright?” Snape would ask when Harry re-emerged from the Gryffindor dorms, his eyes red-rimmed despite the glamour charms he had tried to use on himself.

“Fine,” Harry would sneer, hiding his vulnerability with the pretense of annoyance and disrespect. Snape would raise an eyebrow in warning, but seemed to understand that there may be more going on inside the Gryffindor than Harry let on, and left him alone.

Snape had dinner waiting for them promptly at seven, and they would eat in his rooms before playing a game of Wizard’s Chess or exploding Snap. By 9:30, Snape would glance up from his newspaper to announce that it was time to get ready for bed.

The three men had grown used to one another, and at times even Harry felt vaguely at home, as if he were welcomed and expected. But he could not help but wonder when Snape was going to turn on him, when he would decide enough was enough and send him back to live alone at Grimmauld Place. He worried he was beginning to overstay his welcome, worried that Snape was annoyed with his presence in his rooms. As the days passed, he began to wish Snape would simply send him back to Grimmauld Place for good, where he could forget that he had ever seen a new side of his Potions Professor. After all, maybe there really was more to the man than his toned body and quiet, skilled hands, and maybe Harry shouldn’t be made to hope for a relationship that could never be.

###

It was two weeks after they had moved into Snape’s rooms, and Draco had abandoned his own bed in favor of Harry’s as soon as Snape had turned out the lights. They knew they chanced detection were Snape to find them together or were Draco to wet Harry’s bed, but that was the point, as Harry had gone far too long without a chance to pee himself, and he wanted to be able to without his current guardian becoming suspicious.

“How long have you been holding it?” Draco whispered, his head resting on Harry’s chest as his fingers played with the string at the waistband of the Gryffindor’s pajamas.

Harry shrugged, not much in the mood to talk. He had decided it would be best for him to return to Grimmauld Place. After all, Snape could look out for Draco by himself. The blonde didn’t need him anymore. Snape hated Gryffindors, and it was obvious he had grown tired of Harry’s presence.

“Dray, I don’t think it’s such a good idea for me to stay here anymore,” he said after a time.

But Draco had fallen asleep, passed out next to Harry, breathing slowly. It was a change from the sleep-deprived Draco he had grown to know while staying at Grimmauld Place. He was amazed at just how quickly the boy had become comfortable under his Uncle’s care. Draco had lost much of the neuroticism he had clung to at Grimmauld Place, when he worried his father was about to detect their relationship at any time. Snape had taken away his fear, and Harry had never seen him so care-free.

Sighing, the boy lay back and closed his eyes, resolving himself to the fact that he would leave the next day, whether Draco wanted him to or not. The Slytherin would be blinded by his appreciation of his godfather; he would never understand that Harry would be better off alone, that he was not made to fit into a familial structure.

When he finally settled into sleep, he dreamed of Sirius’ death once more, only this time his mother and father were present as well, holding hands in the background as Harry watched his godfather die. The nightmare usually ended with Sirius’ death, with the sight of his body crumpled to the ground. But, this time, it went further. His parents came forward to hunch down over their old friend’s corpse, his mother crying and his father glancing around, wand out to find who had murdered his best friend.

And he turned on Harry. Leaping to his feet, James Potter ran at his son, an Unforgivable Curse already on his lips even as Harry tried to explain that he had not murdered Sirius, that he had meant to save him, that he hadn’t meant for it to happen. But his words were said to no avail, and he felt his body collapse beneath him, writhing in pain as his father stood, watching his slow, painful decline. And, as he looked up from his place on the ground, his twisted body contorting painfully, he watched his father morph into Voldemort, watched the dark wizard cackle in pleasure as he watched the boy’s death.

Harry was screaming, his body flailing in bed as he tried to pull himself out of the dream. Draco jumped awake and began shaking the boy’s shoulder, encouraging him to wake up, but nothing seemed to work, and Harry continued to yell and kick at the blankets. Draco glanced down to see that the other boy had started to pee in his pants.

Snape barrelled into the room just as Harry began soaking the sheets, taking in the situation at once glance. He gestured for Draco to move aside and the blonde scrambled onto his own bed, watching with wide eyes, worried as Harry remained caught within a nightmare. His nerves made him aware of his own full bladder, and he watched in fear, sitting still on the bed, hands in his crotch, holding himself as he barely breathed.

He expected the Potions Professor to jerk Harry out of sleep or spell him awake, but the man approached slowly, and simply laid a hand against the boy’s cheek, holding it in place as Harry thrashed about. Sitting on the bed, Snape lifted Harry from the wet sheets and set him in his lap, wrapping his arms around him to keep him still, avoiding flailing arms and legs as he spoke softly to him, encouraging him to wake up.

“You’re alright,” he said over the heart-wrenching screams. “Only a dream, Harry. Wake up, now.”

He rocked the boy back and forth as he pressed his own arms around Harry’s, barring him from movement as he held the boy tightly. Draco could not stop babbling on, wriggling against the hands between his legs as he told his godfather to do something, asked him whether Voldemort could have gotten ahold of Harry’s body somehow, could have possessed him. Snape did not respond, all his energy focused on Harry, who thankfully began to stop screaming and calm down, eventually going limp as he blinked awake.

Opening his eyes, Harry seemed disoriented and scared, eyes darting around the bedroom as if he expected something or someone to be waiting for him, posed to attack. It took a moment for him to even realize he was being held, and he looked up with a start to find himself on the lap of his Professor. What was worse, he could feel the cooling liquid between his thighs, understood that he had pissed the bed, that there would be no passing it off as another one of Draco’s accidents. With a jolt, Harry scrambled away from his Professor, shamed to have been found in such a precarious situation. But he was dizzy and out of sorts from the dream, and tumbled directly out of the man’s lap onto the stone floor, where he yelped in pain as his shoulder dislocated.

“Harry, are you alright?” Draco worried, rushing forward to stand over the boy on the floor. He paused when Snape held out a hand to Draco and kneeled on the floor himself, telling Harry not to move, to lie still so as to not do more damage.

Whether from the fear of his nightmare or the pain of his shoulder, Harry mumbled incoherently before fainting away, tears falling from the corners of his eyes as his head fell back and his body went limp. Draco cried out, watching in fear, barely aware that he was wetting his pants, that his hand between his legs was coated in warm urine that fell through his fingers to splatter onto the bedroom floor and drench his pajamas down past his knees.

###

