Desperate Friendships - Page 5

Author: 222foxface222

*119*2012-06-30 15:06

Here's the next update--I've been away for a while so haven't had time to post. Hope you've all been well! Enjoy!

Chapter 26

The next morning, Draco could not help but blush as his Uncle surveyed the damage done to his bed, the large wet-spot still stained against the bed, the edges dried slightly to give the white sheets a yellow tinge. He had to keep himself from apologizing, and instead hung his head in his desire not to look at his Uncle. If only he had been allowed to keep his wand, this would not have happened. He could have hidden it from the man; he could have cleaned himself up and not felt like such a misbehaving child. He clenched his jaw, suddenly angry, convinced that his Uncle enjoyed seeing him in such a vulnerable position, that he liked making Draco rely on him in his weakness.

“The two of you need to get cleaned up,” Snape said, calling to Draco’s mind the words he had spoken after finding the boys playing their game of teacher-student back in the Slytherin common room. “Breakfast is in twenty minutes.”

The man could have easily cleaned the sheets with a flick of his wrist, and yet he instead spelled the sheets off the bed, revealing the damage done to the mattress. The sheets were sent to a bundle next to the doorway, and Draco caught Harry eyeing them, and saw a look pass between his godfather and the other boy. Something had happened between the two of them, and the blonde could not help but think of his trysts with Weasley, of the way the boy had yelled and struck and spanked; Draco felt sick to his stomach when he realized he was getting aroused imagining Snape dominating Harry, and he quickly left the room to take a shower in the hallway loo. Harry had sacrificed his own dignity for Draco, and here he was wishing he had witnessed the boy’s punishment, wishing that he had listened harder in case he had been able to hear the other boy’s stifled screams.

Breakfast was fast and quiet, Draco barely glancing up from the food on his plate. He was not hungry, although his godfather was not one to let food go to waste. He knew he would be required to at least make an effort of eating the food that had been made for him. He gulped juice and tried to work up the stomach for his toast and eggs. It had been a bad idea to bring Harry to his godfather’s. He was already dreading the prospect of wetting the bed that night, the prospect of Harry having to cover for him once more. He knew he would not be able to let him without the guilt eating him alive, and once again cursed himself for getting attached, for becoming soft enough to care that the Gryffindor was becoming his whipping-boy.

Harry, for his part, seemed unaffected apart from an eagerness which Draco could not place a motive to. He was eating heartily, seemingly chipper as he rambled on about this or that on occasion and kept up a conversation with Dobby, who had brought their breakfast up from the Hogwarts kitchens. Draco had not gotten the opportunity to speak with him before they had been summoned to the kitchen table; he kept trying to look at him apologetically, to signal to him that he was grateful for whatever it was Harry had endured on his behalf, but the boy did not make eye contact with him, and was soon helping Dobby with the dirty dishes.

“Leave that, Mr. Potter,” Snape prompted from his seat at the head of the table. “Gather your school work and bring it out here. Mr. Malfoy, I’d like you to do likewise. I assume neither of you has made even a semblance of progress since I last supervised.”

Draco paled, remembering that he had left both his and Harry’s assignments back at Grimmauld Place in a burst of defiance against his Uncle. He had been intrigued by the idea of behaving more like his old, misbehaving self, had been inspired by the Weasley twins to prove his power and strength through mischievousness, and yet now he regretted the decision wholeheartedly. Once again, he was liable to get Harry in trouble, and he had already been beating himself up over the guilt from last night.

“I...I think I forgot to...” Draco swallowed, hating the timid, scared excuses that he was beginning to form. He sighed and sat up straight in his chair as he squared off towards his godfather. “I left our school work behind,” he stated, fighting the urge to glance away.

“And what, pray tell, would possess you to do that?” Snape asked, voice tempered with annoyance.

Harry began to speak, obviously about to fabricate some excuse that would take the blame off of Draco and put it onto himself, but Draco cut him off, standing at the table and shrugging.

“I didn’t feel like bringing the books, sir,” he said, the corner of his mouth turning in a smirk. He felt more like his old self, felt the first hints of power in his disrespectful tone. He felt like the Slytherin bully that had been able to make his father at least marginally proud. “But I’m sure you have plenty for us to work on.”

Rising from his place, Snape stood to his full height, his facial expression a warning to Draco, a dare to continue the defiance.

“I’ll go get them,” Harry said, obviously wanting to displace the tension, but Draco was not having it.

“You’ve probably memorized our assignments, anyway, haven’t you?” he mused, turning from the table and his half-finished breakfast. “I’m sure you’ll be able to dictate each subject matter specifically.”

Snape’s hands were resting flat against the kitchen table, and they tensed as Snape glared at Draco. The man jerked a hand towards Dobby, signalling for him to leave, and the house elf disapparated without so much as a word. Harry looked as if he were torn between defending Draco, and staying quiet so as to keep him Snape from fury.

“You would do well to control your tone of voice, Mr. Malfoy,” he drawled, his gaze boring into Draco. “A lack of sleep due to...particular circumstances...does not excuse your defiance or disrespect.”

Swallowing, Draco could not help but roll his eyes in a futile attempt to cover up his embarrassment as he reached for a wand that was not there. It was cruel of his godfather to allude towards him wetting the bed, and he knew if any of his dorm-mates had mentioned the problem in that way, he would have attacked, would have had his wand drawn and curses would have already been thrown. His Uncle was supposed to care for him, and yet, at the moment, he felt entirely unwelcome.

“What are you going to do? Give me detention?” It was not his most original retort, although he knew it would have the desired effect. He caught Harry’s eye, and smirked at him; despite his godfather’s obvious anger, it felt good to back-talk, to defy the rules. He was comfortable playing the role of roguish student; he had done it for years.

Snape stood slowly to his full height, his lips pursed in anger.

“I’m not sure who you are showing off for, Mr. Malfoy, but I can assure you that such impolite flippancy regarding my authority will not be tolerated while you are staying here. And, as you once again seem to enjoy acting the part of impudent child, I will be all too happy to treat you as such. Stand in the corner.”

Draco scoffed, plopping down into his seat and crossing his arms over his chest. Now that he had begun, he was damned if he wasn’t going to see it to its conclusion. There was no way he would willingly go to time-out like a penitent five year old.

“Mr. Potter,” Snape said, turning half his gaze towards Harry. “I regret to say that, should Mr. Malfoy continue to disobey me and the rules of this household, he will not be permitted houseguests. Please pack your things.”

“Fine,” Draco sighed, rolling his eyes once more. He scrambled from the chair and yet walked slowly across the living room, dragging his feet before he settled into the far corner behind an armchair. If he had had just a bit more nerve, he would have flipped his Uncle off behind his back on his way past. But the truth of the matter was he was no longer angry; and he realized with a bit of shame that he had acted out for the attention, and that he had enjoyed it, despite its negative outcome.

###

Harry was sent to Grimmauld Place to retrieve the forgotten schoolbooks and assignments. Snape was overlooking his progress, monitoring each assignment in turn as they sat across from each other at the kitchen table. Draco had been in the corner for nearly and hour and a half, and ever so often Harry watched as he shifted on his feet, but whether bored or uncomfortable he could not tell from his view of his back. He had a sinking suspicion that the boy would need a pee sometime soon, as Harry was already feeling the need and had drunk less than Draco at breakfast. Then again, maybe the blonde had pissed before breakfast; Harry had been holding it since he peed through his pajamas the night before, his full bladder a reminder of just what had happened between he and his burly Potions Professor.

“He just wants the attention,” Harry said quietly, keeping his voice from travelling across the living room towards Draco as he scribbled out the proper incantation for a Transfiguration assignment. “You know he only acts out to get a rise out of you.”

“And you believe such behavior should be rewarded?” Snape asked, sarcasm heavy in his voice as one eyebrow raised. “You would do well to punish negative outbursts of energy immediately should you ever become a teacher. Students are the same whether they are eleven years old, or seventeen.”

Harry nodded, but could not help glancing up cheekily at the man, and making a comment to the effect that they simply became hornier as they got older. Snape gave him a warning glance, although Harry was unconcerned. Something had happened between the two of them, something akin to the barriers that had been broken between he and Draco after that first night they were sequestered in the Slytherin common rooms. He was still far from trusting the man, or even liking him as a human being outside the context of some sexual situation, and yet he no longer feared the man. He had seen another side of the Potions Professor, and he knew he had gained an upper hand by becoming witness to the man’s desires.

“Do your work,” Snape said before turning back to his own papers. From what he could see, it looked to Harry as if Snape were compiling a book of potions. The man seemed to be editing pages he had previously put together, potions recipes as well as descriptions and uses of each.

Harry casually placed a hand into his lap, on top of his tensed thighs, although he did not yet grasp himself. Glancing across the room at Draco, there was no doubt the boy needed a pee. He was moving in place despite his obvious effort to stand still, and Harry could see that his legs were tensed, pressed together as he stared at the corner.

“How long are you going to keep him there?” Harry asked, prompting Snape to glance at Draco just as the boy bent slightly at the waist. Harry had a suspicion that at least on hand was pressed into his crotch, a stab of need having hit him.

“Continue your assignment,” Snape said, ignoring the question as he returned to his editing.

“Are you writing a book?” Harry asked, too aroused and preoccupied to concentrate on his schoolwork. He hooked his ankles around the legs of the kitchen chair and scooted himself farther under the table, squeezing his crotch without the chance of detection.

“Continue your assignment, Mr. Potter,” Snape repeated, not looking up from his work.

Harry sighed, setting his quill pen down on the table and leaning back in his chair as he pulled a textbook towards him. He could at least make it appear as if he were reading. Fifteen minutes passed before Harry spoke up again. He had been keeping his gaze half on Draco, not reading but simply flipping pages when he felt it was appropriate, and he knew the blonde boy was in trouble. He kept lifting one leg up off the floorboards and twisting in on himself. His hands were shoved down his pockets for a time, obviously holding himself, but eventually even that stopped working, and Harry saw the boy press himself as far as possible into the wall as he openly squeezed his crotch with one hand. It was not hard to guess what was going on, even watching from behind.

“You know, he’s not going to last much longer,” Harry said, nodding with his chin towards the corner in which Draco was squirming.

“Unless you’d like to join Mr. Malfoy in the corner, it would behoove you to work quietly,” Snape snapped, obviously his patience for Harry was spent.

Harry fiddled with the waistband of his jeans, feeling the hard, full bladder at the base of his stomach. Was Snape trying to punish Draco? Did he want him to embarrass himself and have an accident? It was possible that was the point, that the Potions Master was planning to make Draco see the error of his childish ways by wetting himself, although Harry doubted Snape would use such a tactic, knowing Draco’s father had abused his child in much the same way. And yet, the dark man seemed to have no sympathy towards his godson, who had bent down to lean his forehead against the wall, who had two hands between his legs, grasping himself.

“If you’re that aroused,” Harry began, speaking bluntly because he knew it would draw Snape out of his preoccupation with his manuscript, “I’ll pee myself for you. I’ve been bursting since just after breakfast. But you’ll only make it worse for Draco if you force him to do it; he doesn’t like it the same way. It only embarrasses him.”

Snape’s nostrils flared as he slowly looked up from his manuscript, glaring at Harry in unadulterated exasperation. His attention was drawn from the dark-haired boy’s inappropriate suggestion, however, when they heard a strangled whimper coming from the corner, where Draco was nearly squatting, bent at the waist with his thighs glued together.

“He’s about to do it,” Harry said, willing Snape to see reason. “He’s almost doing it now. His briefs are already wet, I guarantee it.”

He couldn’t help but be aroused by Draco’s desperation, and yet he felt for the other boy, knowing how ashamed he would be once he went in his pants. He beared down against his own lap, Draco’s predicament making his own all the worse as he became nervous for what Draco was about to do. Snape shrugged, and seemed to be unconcerned.

“I never knew quite how over-dramatic you could be, Mr. Potter. I would not have expected it from you, although I suppose your father was the type as well.”

Harry glowered at the negative mention of his father. Why was Snape acting this way? Didn’t he see that Draco was in pain, that this was torture for the boy? He could hear the boy sniffling in the corner, knew he was remembering all the times his father had forced him to hold his pee, all the times his father had embarrassed him or used his own needs against him simply to put him in his place.

“His father used to torture him like this, too,” Harry said, glaring as he closed his books with a thump. “You’re no better than that slime if you make him do this.”

“Leave this table,” Snape demanded, teeth clenched. “Go to your room.”

Shoving himself away from the table, Harry gathered his papers and books in a huff before storming off. And yet, he knew it had not been in vain, that something had resonated with Snape, for as he closed himself into the guest bedroom, he heard Snape’s deep voice dismiss Draco from the corner. From inside the room, he could hear the boy scramble into the next-door loo and, minutes later, heard the toilet flush. The movement from the table to the guest room had made Harry even more aware of his desperate state, and he clutched himself, pacing back and forth between the two small beds which Snape had transfigured out of the previous larger one.

The door opened and Draco scurried inside, his eyes red-rimmed and teary. Harry could see a patch of wetness to the right of his zipper which extended halfway down his thigh.

“It’s alright,” Harry said, prying his hand from between his legs to take Draco in his arms. “It wasn’t your fault.”

Harry could never tell whether to expect anger or despair from the other boy after incidents like this, and so had learned to prepare himself for either and both.

“I hate him,” Draco mumbled into Harry’s shoulder, and yet he said nothing more, resting his cheek against the taller boy’s body until Harry was required to pull away, grabbing himself and moving his hips back and forth.

“I have to go,” Harry admitted. “It’s really bad now.”

Draco took in Harry’s hunched demeanor and leaned in to kiss the boy on the lips. Harry obliged, grateful for the comfort of familiarity and acceptance. Snape may be hot as hell, may be new and different and exciting, but he would never be for Harry what Draco had become. He was simply a good lay, and Harry had no plans for him to be anything more.

“Will you hold it for me?” Draco asked timidly. Harry glanced down and smiled crookedly when he saw the stiffness in the blonde’s jeans, and he nodded, reaching a hand down to tease Draco, running a finger back and forth over the wetness which was obviously hiding a pair of nearly dripping wet briefs.

“I might not be able to make it, though,” Harry whispered. “I’m about to wet my pants.”

Draco kissed Harry again, shoving him backwards to fall on his bed before crawling on top of him, sitting with his knees on either side of his waist. Harry gasped and a burst of pee bloomed through his briefs and onto his jeans.

“Thank Merlin for that,” Draco sighed, kissing the boy open-mouthed as he waited for Harry to lose control, as he listened to him groan and whimper and, after a valiant effort, felt him go still as his pee streamed into his clothes.

###

*123*2012-07-06 16:17

{{:

Can't wait to see whats next! i love the concept! simply amazing

}}

Thanks! Glad you're enjoying the story, and thanks for commenting!

{{:

OKAY. I'm here now, and I'm reviewing, though I'm only going to review this chapter, because if I also review all the ones I've missed, we'll both be here forever- me writing, and you reading.

I LOVE THIS STORY. And I've been horribly neglecting it, like a bad parent... or something. lol

I could get into the Snarry that I've been waiting for, but like I said, we'd be here forever if I did that. Just know that I love everything you do, especially the Snarry..... okay, I can't resist saying one thing about it. The moment in the first Snarry chapter when Snape nearly collapses against his desk when Harry looks at him, and the description of Harry being a combination of Lily's eyes and innocence and Sirius' messy black hair... that was the best part of the chapter. Hands down. Fo realz.

}}

I'm so glad you're back, Ryoku! This story wouldn't be the same without you! I'm really glad the Snarry works for you. I love writing it, but I think it definitely turned some people off from this story, so I'm glad to see that you're at least appreciative of it (as I know a few others are as well!).

{{:

But moving on: fantastic chapter! I loved Draco's moment of rebellion, however brief! Obviously, like I've mentioned before, I really like the hard-headed, stubborn and obnoxious Draco, and even though I really like your vulnerable Draco too, it's nice to see him just being an ass once in a while. haha. I think it was made especially better with your charaterization of being vulnerable, though, because then it really gives a reason for him acting out and talking back. And Harry defending him was great, too. I love that he's not shy about telling Snape how terrible he is if he treats Draco the same way Lucius does. And he's got such a foul mouth, too! I laughed when he was telling Snape that he needed to pee, and that he would do it willingly as opposed to Draco being forced into wetting.

Harry's constant chatter was hilarious. It's so fitting with his character that he can't make himself focus, and just wants to talk the whole time he and Snape are sitting there, like asking him about his book and whatnot. And even though he gets the shortest response to every thing he says by Snape, he's always got one more thing to say. I loved that.

}}

You're such a fantastic reader/reviewer because, as I've said before, you catch on to the smallest details and always understand exactly what it is I'm going for. I was a bit worried that Draco's rebellion would seem out of character for my characterization of him, but you understood that he is acting out because of the vulnerability that has become a constant for him, and not despite it. And you're spot-on with your interpretation of Harry's characterization in this last chapter. I wanted his interactions with Snape to be both entertaining and an extension of the kind of debauchery which took place in his laboratory, which has given Harry a bit of a new-found cheekiness in his relationship with Snape.

{{:

I felt really bad for Snape, though, when Harry was thinking to himself that Snape is just a good lay. I don't know how Snape feels about Harry in this story (for example, if Snape would even come near the word "love" or if he's just physically attracted to Harry due to his resemblance to the two people he's loved and lost), but the fact that Snape has never really had a significant long lasting and stable partner in his life made that thought of Harry's seems so... like he wasn't taking Snape into account, and was just using him because Harry is physically attracted to him. It made Harry sound a bit insensitive to Snape, becoming intimate with him but willing to drop it any time he feels like it, regardless of Snape's, for lack of a better word, feelings (I hate to say feelings because it sounds so sensitive) for Harry.

Harry wouldn't be with Snape if it turned out that Snape actually did love him; it wouldn't matter to Harry because he doesn't love him back, and knows that Draco is really the one he wants. I don't mean to say anything bad about your story while writing all this, but I'd like to see more about how Snape's sees their.... "relationship" and how he expects things to turn out between them. In my head, I figure Snape isn't expecting much, because he isn't the Romantic type of guy in the sense that he expects everything to turn out well, and for Snape to get what he wants (in this case, Harry, if he does care for Harry that much). And with his involvement in the war and his "allegiance" to the Dark Lord, I'd imagine Snape wouldn't be so naive as to expect his love (if it exists) to work out. I hope I'm explaining my thought process well enough, because while it all makes sense in my head, it may come across differently to you while reading this.

}}

I understand exactly what you're saying, and I agree that it was an insensitive thing for Harry to think. I wanted this to seem like a fleeting thought on Harry's part (since at that moment we are in his mind in terms of point of view), because, as you'll see a bit in this next chapter and even moreso in the chapters to follow, Harry realizes that his appreciation for Snape is not purely physical, and his feelings become far more complicated.

Once again, you've already anticipated the realization Harry has in the coming chapters! Can you say best. reader. ever? Or, maybe we're just far too similar in our thought-processes regarding characterization, becasue I can never seem to get anything past you--you always know what is coming next!

You will see more in terms of Snape's feelings as well--chapter 28 is from his perspective, and gets inside his mind a bit more in terms of what he's feeling for Harry.

{{:

This chapter is actually relatively small in terms of plot changes or significant content, but is every bit as enjoyable as the others. I actually really like the small moments like this, when they're just enjoying their fetish together. I think one of the best things about this story is the amount of wetting and the circumstances behind it. I can't remember where you mentioned it- probably in a chapter that had no wetting- but I remember you saying that you didn't like stories with wetting in every chapter because it just gets ridiculous and unrealistic (and I agree).

I think your story has perfected when to include wetting, and it has most certainly perfected the circumstances behind the wettings. Not every wetting is an accident, which I think is one of the biggest things that makes your story so enjoyable. In fact, pretty much every time Harry wets is on purpose, and if Draco ever wets or comes close, it's because of his small bladder. The fact that Harry wets on purpose makes this story that much more enjoyable than most other stories, mostly because I don't like humiliation and Harry is rarely embarrassed by wetting, but also because he gets as much enjoyment out of his own wettings as the readers do (and Draco does XD). The fact that he wets because he is sexually charged makes the wettings so much more fun to read.

Anyway, hooray for another exhausting long review from me! Woo! Can't wait to do it again! *nods approvingly*

}}

You're too good to me in these reviews, Ryoku! I'm very glad you feel that the omo has found its place in this story. I try to keep it in the forefront considering this is an omo site, but I never want the wettings to seem unrealistic or contrived. I also think keeping the characters contantly desperate or having unintentional wettings can get somewhat boring after a while, so I try to come up with new scenarios or throw in the occasional intentional wetting here and there. I know its a little out of the norm to have a character aroused by his own wetting in omo stories, but I think it's that much more interesting to portray Harry as an omo-lover himself, and gives me so many excuses to put him in situations where he is wetting himself or looking out for desperation in others!

{{:

(EDIT)

And I LOVE how much Snape misses Sirius! And that he looks for the intimacy he missed out on with Sirius in Harry. Like I said in that paragraph above, I don't know how Snape feels about Harry, but if he loved Sirius then it seems like this is a hollow way to live the fantasies he wasn't able to with Sirius. If that's the case, though, that makes me kind of sad. Because it's not real love that will make Snape... happy? That's totally not the right word for Snape, haha, but you know what I mean. It seems like it would only cause Snape more grief about Sirius' death, because it makes him realize just what he can't have anymore. I'm probably also not explaining this right, so I'm going to stop now. haha, update again!

}}

The whole Sirius/Harry/Snape thing will get even more complicated in chapters to come (you'll see the beginnings of this in the next chapter), and Snape will continue to try to figure out just why he is attracted to Harry. Does he only like him because he is aligned with Sirius and Lily in his mind, or is there something else? We'll have to wait and see ;)

Thanks for reviewing and reading and being amazing!

{{:

Just noticed I haven't replied on this yet. Started to miss your story already... ;)

Now, what am I supposed to say after that huge (!) comment of Ryoku-the-fox? I seriously don't know what else to say then 'loved it again, please gimme more!'

}}

Thank you, Wolf--I think you officially win the award for most consistent reviewer (with Ryoku a close 2nd place), and, if I haven't told you before, you're wonderful and generally just great!

{{:

Oh, and something else: I really don't understand why there is such a lack of comments on this story, because it's brilliant. I wouldn't mind this lack of comments though. Probably people loose interest when things get really complicated. Or well, that's what I think... Now I wanted to ask you: do you have anything interesting to read that doesn't involve omorashi? Because I really would like to read more from you. If you feel comfortable with that of course. :)

}}

I do have to admit the lack of comments has been getting to me a bit, which is probably why there's been such a long lag-time between updates lately, but I know I shouldn't let it affect me, and I know I have some wonderful readers who I don't want to leave hanging! I agree that the story has gotten very long and involved, and a lot of people like quick updates and may not have the time to read through such long chapters. I am honestly so grateful that I have a few loyal fans, so I need to stop whining--I just think I was spoiled earlier by the number of comments I was getting in the beginning chapters!

I do write things that do not involve omorashi, but for some reason am much more self-conscious about my general fiction than the omorashi fanfiction that I write. I guess it's because I put too much pressure on myself when it's not a fanfiction, and sometimes second-guess myself. But if I ever write something I'm happy with, I'll send it along! :)

New update momentarily!

*124*2012-07-06 16:39

I kind of can't believe that I'm up to chapter 27 of this story--it's essentially novel-length at this point, so those of you still reading, thanks for sticking with me! I'm going to try to update at a quicker pace--I've been slacking these past few weeks but don't want to keep you guys waiting for too long.

This chapter involves a lot of exposition and not too much omo, but gives the context for the way the boys live while staying with Snape and is hopefully still interesting. Thanks again for reading and hope you all have a good end to your week!

Chapter 27

After a week or so of settling into their arrangement, Snape and his two unexpected charges fell into a rather comfortable routine. It seemed both Harry and Draco had resolved themselves to the arrangement, and, as a result, there had been fewer power struggles displaying their stubborn pride and their Potions Professor’s dominating personality. Snape found himself almost enjoying the company, almost enjoying that his days were once again scheduled in blocks of wake-up calls, study halls, lunch hours, and bedtimes.

He ran his house as if the boys were back at Hogwarts, and thus they had easily settled back into the strict order of it all, having gotten used to it over the years. Harry received a small taste of what it was like to be under the eyes of the Slytherin Head of House, and had to admit that it was not all that different from being under the care of McGonagall, especially considering Snape seemed to almost come close to displaying his own brand of compassion during times of stress or concern, particularly in regard to Draco.

The younger Slytherin continued to wet the bed, and it was not hard to see that the entire situation was wearing on his self-confidence, as it always had. As a result, Draco seemed to have days of fierce rebellion towards his Uncle, days he would back talk and roll his eyes and refuse to obey the rules, days he spent the afternoon sequestered in a corner or to his room as punishment.

And yet Snape seemed to understand how to handle the problem with the least amount of embarrassment possible for his godson. He sent Harry and Draco to bed at ten, the curfew they were used to during the school year. Snape himself had always been a horrible sleeper, and had come to appreciate the silence and solitude he found in the middle of the night. Just before he went to bed himself, he would check on Draco, spelling clean his bed had he peed or taking him to the loo if he was dry. All of this was done in such an efficient, quiet way that many nights Harry slept through the ritual, never knowing one way or another whether Draco had wet himself unless he had wet after the 2am wake-up call and found his sheets soaked in the morning.

Harry had been having his own problems sleeping, as his nightmares seemed to be making a resurgence as he slept in the dark, claustrophobic dungeon rooms. He dreamed of Voldemort, of his parents’ death, and sometimes he dreamt that Ron, Hermione, and Draco had all been murdered, and that he was the only one left. But, more than anything else, he dreamt of Sirius’ death, a death he had seen with his own eyes, one that haunted him night and day. On nights Harry couldn’t sleep after waking up from a nightmare, he lay in bed pretending to be asleep, hearing Snape comforting Draco, assuring him, however brusquely, that there was nothing to be embarrassed by, that he had not done anything wrong.

In some part of him, Harry resented Draco’s relationship with Snape. It almost seemed fatherly, comfortable in a familial way. And, as the sleepless nights continued, as he saw Snape for the man he was when no one was looking, he knew that he was most resentful of the fact that it was Draco being comforted, and not him, resentful that Draco had been given two fathers, while he had none.

Harry hadn’t seen Snape alone since the first night they had stayed in his rooms, the night he and Draco had switched pajamas and the Potions Professor had kissed him. He suspected the man were waiting for Harry to make the next move, suspected that he did not want to push something onto the boy that Harry did not want. And yet the Gryffindor became confused, unsure of Snape’s feelings. He missed Snape’s attention, the way he had looked at him, even the way he had hit him. But how was he supposed to tell the man this when he wasn’t even sure that Snape wanted it to continue?

He had returned to his business-like nature in dealing with Harry, and the boy began to doubt that anything had happened between them at all. Snape had set up a daily itinerary for the boys, which at first they grudgingly followed but soon came to unconsciously appreciate for the structure and balance it brought to their often chaotic lives. After breakfast, Snape monitored their schoolwork, and would accept nothing more than perfect answers, perfect penmanship, and perfect sentence structure. They were constantly re-doing their assignments, and Harry and Draco knew that, even once they had finished their assigned summer work, Snape would have supplemental materials for them to work on.

After their allotted schoolwork had been completed in the morning, they would eat lunch in the Great Hall for a change of pace, often seeing Dumbledore and a handful of other teachers as well, all of whom had presumably been given some story concerning the presence of Draco and Malfoy. Snape often sat with the other Professors, leaving the boys to their own devices. Whenever they ate alone, Harry had Draco nearly falling off his seat laughing as he made up what it was each of the Professors were saying to the others at their table. He played out imagined conversations between a bored Snape and a clueless Madame Pomfrey in which she gave him far too much information about her simple-minded cousin Walter, who, due to the misuse of a love potion, had gone completely mute although twice as poetically inclined.

“I’m telling you, he’s a clearly gifted poet,” Harry would mimic in a high-pitched, worried voice he put on to play Sprout. “If only he could regain control of his tongue or learn to handle the unfortunate drooling problem he seems to have developed.”

Every once in awhile, however, Snape would inexplicably sit with Harry and Draco, and if he were in a good mood they could get him to relay stories in which their parents played key roles. Harry could always hear the disdain in the man’s voice whenever his father became a key character in the story, which angered him, although Snape’s obvious admiration for his mother and proclivity to discuss her more than the others made up for his bias. The most entertaining stories by far were those about Lucius Malfoy, whom Snape seemed to know almost as well as himself, relating stories of first kisses and pranks played on teachers as well as their fellow Slytherin dorm-mates. Harry and Draco laughed just as much then as they did while making up dialogues between Dumbledore and Professor Sprout outlining the proper way to deal with an unfortunate case of back acne.

After lunch, Snape would lead his charges back to his rooms, where they were required to rest for an hour before being allowed to play Quidditch outside or roam the hallways of the castle. They were sequestered to their room, and Snape expected them to read or sleep, saying a time of rest in the middle of the day was good for their constitutions as well as their health. He frowned on them talking, and would guide one out into the living room if he heard them goofing off rather than resting. In light of this, Harry and Draco had gotten very good at fooling around quietly, and often took the hour of rest for an hour-long make-out session.

The afternoons were theirs to spend how they liked, and most days they roamed around the grounds outside or, if the weather was bad, spent time searching for secret passageways in the castle, referring to Harry’s Marauder’s Map, or, if they were feeling ambitious, simply setting out to search themselves. They sometimes snuck into the restricted section of the library, although neither of them felt much like studying, and preferred to stray to the old Hogwarts’ yearbooks, where they could find old pictures of their parents and the occasional photo of a sallow-skinned, pale boy with greasy hair that could only be their Potions Master.

There were times Harry felt a pang of sadness after hearing Snape’s stories regarding his parents or mulling over pictures of them resting at the edge of the castle grounds. On these days, he would retreat alone to his old dorm room and have a good cry on the bare mattress within the empty room. Even the maroon curtains had been taken off the bed canopies to be washed and ironed before the next school year, but Harry didn’t mind; at times like those he simply needed to be alone.

“Everything alright?” Snape would ask when Harry re-emerged from the Gryffindor dorms, his eyes red-rimmed despite the glamour charms he had tried to use on himself.

“Fine,” Harry would sneer, hiding his vulnerability with the pretense of annoyance and disrespect. Snape would raise an eyebrow in warning, but seemed to understand that there may be more going on inside the Gryffindor than Harry let on, and left him alone.

Snape had dinner waiting for them promptly at seven, and they would eat in his rooms before playing a game of Wizard’s Chess or exploding Snap. By 9:30, Snape would glance up from his newspaper to announce that it was time to get ready for bed.

The three men had grown used to one another, and at times even Harry felt vaguely at home, as if he were welcomed and expected. But he could not help but wonder when Snape was going to turn on him, when he would decide enough was enough and send him back to live alone at Grimmauld Place. He worried he was beginning to overstay his welcome, worried that Snape was annoyed with his presence in his rooms. As the days passed, he began to wish Snape would simply send him back to Grimmauld Place for good, where he could forget that he had ever seen a new side of his Potions Professor. After all, maybe there really was more to the man than his toned body and quiet, skilled hands, and maybe Harry shouldn’t be made to hope for a relationship that could never be.

###

It was two weeks after they had moved into Snape’s rooms, and Draco had abandoned his own bed in favor of Harry’s as soon as Snape had turned out the lights. They knew they chanced detection were Snape to find them together or were Draco to wet Harry’s bed, but that was the point, as Harry had gone far too long without a chance to pee himself, and he wanted to be able to without his current guardian becoming suspicious.

“How long have you been holding it?” Draco whispered, his head resting on Harry’s chest as his fingers played with the string at the waistband of the Gryffindor’s pajamas.

Harry shrugged, not much in the mood to talk. He had decided it would be best for him to return to Grimmauld Place. After all, Snape could look out for Draco by himself. The blonde didn’t need him anymore. Snape hated Gryffindors, and it was obvious he had grown tired of Harry’s presence.

“Dray, I don’t think it’s such a good idea for me to stay here anymore,” he said after a time.

But Draco had fallen asleep, passed out next to Harry, breathing slowly. It was a change from the sleep-deprived Draco he had grown to know while staying at Grimmauld Place. He was amazed at just how quickly the boy had become comfortable under his Uncle’s care. Draco had lost much of the neuroticism he had clung to at Grimmauld Place, when he worried his father was about to detect their relationship at any time. Snape had taken away his fear, and Harry had never seen him so care-free.

Sighing, the boy lay back and closed his eyes, resolving himself to the fact that he would leave the next day, whether Draco wanted him to or not. The Slytherin would be blinded by his appreciation of his godfather; he would never understand that Harry would be better off alone, that he was not made to fit into a familial structure.

When he finally settled into sleep, he dreamed of Sirius’ death once more, only this time his mother and father were present as well, holding hands in the background as Harry watched his godfather die. The nightmare usually ended with Sirius’ death, with the sight of his body crumpled to the ground. But, this time, it went further. His parents came forward to hunch down over their old friend’s corpse, his mother crying and his father glancing around, wand out to find who had murdered his best friend.

And he turned on Harry. Leaping to his feet, James Potter ran at his son, an Unforgivable Curse already on his lips even as Harry tried to explain that he had not murdered Sirius, that he had meant to save him, that he hadn’t meant for it to happen. But his words were said to no avail, and he felt his body collapse beneath him, writhing in pain as his father stood, watching his slow, painful decline. And, as he looked up from his place on the ground, his twisted body contorting painfully, he watched his father morph into Voldemort, watched the dark wizard cackle in pleasure as he watched the boy’s death.

Harry was screaming, his body flailing in bed as he tried to pull himself out of the dream. Draco jumped awake and began shaking the boy’s shoulder, encouraging him to wake up, but nothing seemed to work, and Harry continued to yell and kick at the blankets. Draco glanced down to see that the other boy had started to pee in his pants.

Snape barrelled into the room just as Harry began soaking the sheets, taking in the situation at once glance. He gestured for Draco to move aside and the blonde scrambled onto his own bed, watching with wide eyes, worried as Harry remained caught within a nightmare. His nerves made him aware of his own full bladder, and he watched in fear, sitting still on the bed, hands in his crotch, holding himself as he barely breathed.

He expected the Potions Professor to jerk Harry out of sleep or spell him awake, but the man approached slowly, and simply laid a hand against the boy’s cheek, holding it in place as Harry thrashed about. Sitting on the bed, Snape lifted Harry from the wet sheets and set him in his lap, wrapping his arms around him to keep him still, avoiding flailing arms and legs as he spoke softly to him, encouraging him to wake up.

“You’re alright,” he said over the heart-wrenching screams. “Only a dream, Harry. Wake up, now.”

He rocked the boy back and forth as he pressed his own arms around Harry’s, barring him from movement as he held the boy tightly. Draco could not stop babbling on, wriggling against the hands between his legs as he told his godfather to do something, asked him whether Voldemort could have gotten ahold of Harry’s body somehow, could have possessed him. Snape did not respond, all his energy focused on Harry, who thankfully began to stop screaming and calm down, eventually going limp as he blinked awake.

Opening his eyes, Harry seemed disoriented and scared, eyes darting around the bedroom as if he expected something or someone to be waiting for him, posed to attack. It took a moment for him to even realize he was being held, and he looked up with a start to find himself on the lap of his Professor. What was worse, he could feel the cooling liquid between his thighs, understood that he had pissed the bed, that there would be no passing it off as another one of Draco’s accidents. With a jolt, Harry scrambled away from his Professor, shamed to have been found in such a precarious situation. But he was dizzy and out of sorts from the dream, and tumbled directly out of the man’s lap onto the stone floor, where he yelped in pain as his shoulder dislocated.

“Harry, are you alright?” Draco worried, rushing forward to stand over the boy on the floor. He paused when Snape held out a hand to Draco and kneeled on the floor himself, telling Harry not to move, to lie still so as to not do more damage.

Whether from the fear of his nightmare or the pain of his shoulder, Harry mumbled incoherently before fainting away, tears falling from the corners of his eyes as his head fell back and his body went limp. Draco cried out, watching in fear, barely aware that he was wetting his pants, that his hand between his legs was coated in warm urine that fell through his fingers to splatter onto the bedroom floor and drench his pajamas down past his knees.

###

