Desperate Friendships - Page 5

Author: 222foxface222

*113*2012-06-18 15:56

Next chapter. No real warnings here, just some angsty-Draco/Snape and some innocent desperation on Draco's part. Enjoy!

Chapter 24

Draco bit at his thumbnail as he watched the sky darkening outside. Harry had been gone for far longer than expected, and he was beginning to worry. He had begged the dark-haired boy to tell him where he was going and what he was planning, but all Harry had agreed to tell him was that he was handling the Snape situation, that they would no longer need to worry that their relationship would be brought to light. Still, Draco knew there was a reason Harry hadn’t given him the whole truth, and he had a nervous, sinking dread in his stomach as the hours grew later that was only heightened by his realization that he was the only one in the old, creaking house. He had never slept alone in a house, going straight from his father’s manor to Hogwarts. He did not enjoy the feeling of solitude and emptiness. He almost missed the crowded, over-extended feeling of the Weasley’s home.

It seemed Harry had explained the situation to Hermione and Ron, for they had both agreed it would be best were they not to come back with the boys to Grimmauld Place. They would happily visit, and although Ron had seemed a bit depressed to be left behind, Draco knew he understood the reasons. But, as Draco worried that Harry would not return that night, he began to wish the Gryffindor’s friends had not remained at the Burrow, or that he had remained as well, and was back on the cot in Ron’s room, hearing Mrs. Weasley down the hallway demanding that the twins stop setting off fireworks from their bedroom window. He hated being alone, memories he tried to forget always seemed to surface when he spent too long solitary and withdrawn from others.

Draco wandered downstairs and tried to read by the fireplace, hoping to come face to face with Harry, and trying to remaind optimistic that he would appear at any moment. He assured himself that Harry would have told Draco were he staying out all night. Or, at least, Draco hoped he would have.

Unable to concentrate on the book in his hands, he sat back in the chair, keeping his mind focused on Harry and their past few days at the Burrow rather than memories of his father or the meetings he had witnessed of the Death Eaters. His father had hosted many gatherings, and nothing had been done to ensure Draco remained in his room while the proceedings were occurring. His mother had advocated for his safety, but Lucius would not hear of it, preferring that Draco be witness to the tortures, humiliations, and murders in order to toughen him up. Draco had been unable to look away, and the images still remained with him, hiding in the shadows of the darkened old house.

When the fire blazed and a figure stepped into the living room, he shrunk back, drawing his legs up onto the seat of the armchair as he dug in his pocket for his wand. The presence was too tall and looming to be Harry, and, in the darkness of the room, Draco had a hard time identifying the man. He raised his wand and began an incantation, but before he could get the words out, he recognized his Uncle Snape with a sigh of relief.

“You scared me to death,” he admitted, not bothering to hide his nervousness.

It was comforting to be alone in his Uncle’s presence; he could not remember the last time they had been, and as he almost immediately settled into the casualness of their private relationship, he realized just how much he had missed spending time with the man. As he had grown older, he had shied away from his Uncle, his father having made it clear that Snape would in no way be showing him favoritism whilst the boy remained at Hogwarts. Draco had a sinking suspicion his father had even instructed Snape to be harsh on him, although he knew any animosity Snape had shown had been merely an act.

“Are you ill?” Snape asked, stepping forward to get a closer look at the boy. “You look pale.”

Draco shook his head, swallowing. He may feel comfortable in his godfather’s presence, but he was not about to admit that he had been terrified of the prospect of staying alone in an old house that had once belonged to Sirius Black, who, although Harry’s godfather, remained a suspected criminal and dangerous man in Draco’s mind. A man who only caused him to remember the gruesome, horrible deaths he had seen all those years ago.

“I’m fine,” Draco rasped.

Snape nodded, then seemed to become mildly distracted, glancing around the dark living room, his eyes lingering over door frames and fraying rugs as if he were seeing them again after many years. He walked past Draco and crossed to the opposite wall, where he lifted a tattered piece of wallpaper to reveal a hidden cabinet. He turned to find Draco craning his head up over the back of the armchair and immediately let the wallpaper fall back into place, clearing his throat as he clasped his hands behind his back.

“Go and gather your things,” He said, returning to his spot in front of the fireplace, where he leaned an elbow on the mantelpiece. “You and Mr. Potter will be spending the remainder of the summer under my care at school.”

“Where’s Harry?” Draco asked. “Is he alright?”

Snape cleared his throat and Draco could not help but stare. His Uncle looked mildly uncomfortable, his eyes flicking around the room rather than remain boring down into Draco himself.

“He is sleeping in my quarters, obviously exhausted after the barbaric hours the two of you kept while traipsing around the Burrow,” Snape mused.

“You knew where we were?” Draco gaped.

“Yes,” Snape told him, not offering any means of explanation. “Now kindly gather your things. It’s far past the time you should be asleep.”

Draco nodded and scampered up the stairs to pack some clothing, all too aware that, despite a level tone of voice, his Uncle was getting close to impatience. He packed his own things as well as a bag for Harry, consciously leaving their school books and half-completed assignments on the desks of their bedrooms. He knew his Uncle would make them work over the course of their time with him, but he hoped they could at least make it a week or so without him noticing. Spending time around the Weasley twins had rekindled his appreciation for mischievous behavior, and he had been meaning to nag Harry for having turned him into such a goody two-shoes in such a short time span.

Hurrying down the stairs, he found his Uncle once again wandering the living room, pausing every so often to touch a photograph or wipe dust from a bookshelf. It was strange behavior from the man, but Draco knew Snape often let his guard down when they were alone. Draco knew his Uncle possibly better than anyone else knew him, could understand his harshness and stoic personality. And the same was true for Snape, who knew details about Draco that no one else knew, including his parents. They understood each other better than any other single person understood them, and had an unspoken agreement in regards to keeping each others’ secrets. At least, they had, while Draco was growing up.

Now, he wasn’t quite sure. Watching his godfather survey the house with an intensity almost resembling sorrow made him believe much had happened to the man after they had transitioned into their distant relationship as teacher and student. It made Draco believe his Uncle had found a replacement for him as confidant, had known someone intimately, to a greater extent than he had thought possible.

“I’m ready, Uncle,” Draco said gently.

Snape barely glanced up from a book he had taken off the shelf, tracing his fingers along the spine.

“Use the loo before we go,” the man said, distracted.

Draco blinked. It had been the kind of thing his Uncle would advise when he had been a child, the kind of phrase that had become an idiom spoken before day trips when he was seven years old. Draco scoffed to cover his embarrassment; he would have been angry at the suggestion if it hadn’t been for the fact that he had never seen his Uncle quite so absent-minded.

“We’re only going by floo, aren’t we?” Draco asked, louder, trying to pull his Uncle out of his confusion.

There was a sharp intake of breath as Snape snapped out of his trance and turned his head to stare at Draco. He set the book back onto the shelf without a second-glance, stalking towards the fireplace and holding out a hand to help the blonde with the bags.

“Let’s go,” he ordered, stiff-backed and present once more.

Draco nodded, and stepped into the fireplace as his godfather threw the floopowder, pushing to the back of his mind the thought that he actually did have a need for the loo, realizing a twinge of fullness in the pit of his stomach.

###

The walk from Hogsmede to Hogwarts had begun as mildly uncomfortable for Draco, whose need to pee was only heightened by the cool summer night. He had no idea of the time, although judging from the stars and moon, he knew it was past midnight. Whether Snape sensed his need or was simply being accommodating, he had taken both bags from Draco and shrunk them down to fit inside the pockets of his robes, leaving Draco free to simply follow him without having to carry any extra weight. Nevertheless, the lack of distraction only allowed Draco to focus on his growing need. Sometimes, he hated the fact that the Hogwarts’ floo system was restricted during the summertime to keep curious or bored students from appearing unannounced. Snape would have been able to floo into his office, but Draco would not have been allowed, and unless his Uncle carried him, they would be too large to travel together.

Draco was pleased when the castle came into view. His godfather had made them stop halfway back, and had made Draco find a sweatshirt in his bag to wear.

“You’re shivering,” he explained when Draco set to argue. “I have no desire to nurse you back from sickness were you to catch cold.”

He tried not to squirm as Snape resized the bag and gave it to him to dig around in, not bothering to mention that the man had resized Harry’s bag rather than Draco’s own. He simply grabbed the first sweater he came across and yanked it down over his head, unable to keep from shifting his weight from one foot to the other.

“Ok, can we go now?” he asked, rolling his eyes.

Snape warned him to control his attitude, and had made a comment about how this was why he kept his Slytherins on tight sleep schedules and did not let them stray from the set hours, even on the weekends. Draco simply sighed and continued to follow his path, grateful his godfather seemed to believe him only cranky from lack of sleep rather than nervous he was going to start leaking into his underwear. He hurried behind him, and more than likely would have walked straight into Snape were the man to stop suddenly.

The warmth of the castle seemed to alleviate Draco’s need, but only for a moment. His initial relief was hampered by the realization that he would now need to follow Snape down to his quarters in the dungeons. He could not stop to use a loo on the way, because he had already laughed at the suggestion that he go before they left Grimmauld Place. He shoved a hand into his pocket, pressing against himself in a way that he hoped was inconspicuous. Sighing, Draco resigned himself to the fact that he had to hold his pee, at least for a few minutes longer.

“Almost there, now,” Snape said, turning to glance at Draco’s hunched shoulders.

Draco blushed. Had Snape seen him hold himself? Could he tell that he needed the loo, or was he merely making conversation? Grunting, he made his way past Snape and walked down the stairwells he knew would lead to the dungeons, the darkness of each step reminding him of his first night at Hogwarts, seven years ago, the night he sneaked out of his dorms to find Snape’s quarters, and had gotten lost. He hadn’t been able to sleep, and although he knew it was babyish to go running to his Uncle, he had needed to be close to the man. He spent the entire night curled up outside the door to his quarters, unable to bring himself to knock because he knew Lucius would never approve. Snape had found him before breakfast, shivering on the stone floor in a puddle of his own pee, having wet himself at some point during the night.

Draco took a breath and walked purposefully down the hallways, putting the memory out of his mind. And yet, as he turned the proper corners and made his way lower into the castle, he couldn’t help but feel a semblance of the comfort he had found while curled outside his Uncle’s rooms. He couldn’t help but realize he felt safer in the man’s presence, as if he could finally begin to relax once he was back living with Snape, because his godfather would take care of him. It was an extension of the feeling he had come to know in Harry’s presence, only deeper, since it was memory as much as reality.

Upon reaching the entrance to his Uncle’s rooms, Draco realized he had lost Snape at some point in the journey. Groaning, he turned to the doorway and pressed his thighs together. It was torture being directly outside the Professor’s rooms, including his loo, and being unable to enter. When he glanced over his shoulder and still did not see his godfather, he risked a quick squeeze of his crotch, nearly moaning over the relief that small gesture had given him.

Hearing Snape’s footsteps, he stood straight and turned away from the wall, keeping still apart from the tapping of his foot against the floor. He was desperate, and hated the feeling. He was sick of his small bladder, and his constant fear of wetting himself. Harry had done much to teach him to enjoy wetting every once in a while, but their private games did nothing to alleviate the shame he felt when he was caught short at other times.

“Open the door,” Draco blurted out when his Uncle came around the corner. “Please.”

Snape only looked at the boy and held out his hand, palm facing upwards.

“Wand,” he prompted.

“What?”

Draco stuck his hand back into his pocket, praying the darkness of the hallway would be enough to keep his Uncle from realizing that he had actually resorted to holding himself.

“Neither you nor Mr. Potter will be allowed a wand while under my care,” Snape explained, his eyes lingering over Draco's waist. “There should be no need for either of you to utilize one.”

Normally, Draco would have fought against the rule. If he had been thinking clearly, he would have realized just how defenseless he felt without his wand, just how vulnerable. He would have remembered the hassle of living without magic, or the prospect of Lucius appearing at any moment ready to strike, or even the drying spells he had been practicing with Hermione. As it was, he would do anything at the moment if it meant he would be allowed to pee. He was beginning to lose control, and a fast spurt escaped as he withdrew his wand from his pocket and nearly threw it at his Uncle.

Snape glared at him when he flung the wand towards him, more than likely chalking the moment up as additional evidence of Draco’s crankiness due to lack of sleep. He turned after a moment to flick his wand at the door, mumbling the counter-charms to whatever spells had been placed for security. The second the door opened, Draco shouldered himself past his Uncle and inside the living room, no longer bothering to hide his desperation as he had felt another spurt release. Pinching himself, he hobbled to the loo off the kitchen hallway, barely unbuttoning his jeans and yanking his briefs down before he began wetting.

He sighed at the relief, yet closed his eyes in shame at the spectacle he had made of himself in front of his Uncle. He wanted to be close to Harry, needed to see him and feel his arms around him. He was angry at himself, and disgusted by his lack of control.

Snape was waiting for him outside the loo after he had finished and washed his hands. He was already regretting his loss of a wand, as his briefs were quite damp, and could have used a quick drying spell. He blushed as his Uncle held out the bags for him and raised his eyebrows slightly, but was relieved when he didn’t mention anything about Draco’s obvious desperation.

“Go sleep in the master bedroom,” he said, nodding down the hallway. “Potter should already be asleep. I will take the guest bed for tonight.”

Draco nodded, unable to look his Uncle in the eye as he began carrying the suitcases down the hall. He felt his Uncle watching him, felt as if he had lost any independence he had gained while living at Grimmauld Place with Harry. Maybe the feeling of security he remembered from his years spent in his Uncle’s presence wasn’t quite as positive as he had initially thought.

“And, Draco,” Snape called, causing the boy to stop, although he did not turn around. “You may leave your wet things in the laundry hamper in the corner of the loo.”

Cringing, Draco dragged the suitcases down the hallway as quickly as possible as his stomach sank in shame. He did not turn back or respond to the man, simply wanting to escape his Uncle’s presence. How was the man so aware? How had he known that Draco’s briefs were so soaked he could feel tiny dribbles of pee running down his inner thighs each time he moved? He closed himself into the master bedroom and began stripping out of his wet things, seeing that there was a wet patch on his jeans that he had not noticed before. He knew without a doubt, however, that Snape would not have missed the wetness.

Tossing his jeans and underwear into the hamper, he dragged on clean briefs and a pair of flannel pajamas before climbing into his Uncle’s bed. There was another sinking feeling in his stomach as he promised himself he would not wet the bed. It would be too much; although his Uncle was well aware of Draco’s bed wetting, or at least had been aware of it when he was a child, he doubted the man suspected he still wet almost every night. He was torn; part of him longed to be protected by Snape, to be taken in by him, while the other part of him wished for nothing more than to be back at Grimmauld Place with Harry, carefree and far away from the strict, regimented lifestyle led by Severus Snape.

“Hey, there,” Harry mumbled, rolling over to look Draco in the eye. He was smiling, eyes half closed as he seemed to be attempting to make out who had just gotten into bed with him.

“Hi,” Draco mumbled, letting Harry’s hands find his chest and then letting him wrap his arms around his waist.

Harry nuzzled up against Draco, kissing him on the neck, jaw, and then lips. Draco relaxed into the kiss, closing his eyes and immediately gaining comfort from the other boy’s presence. The night had put him through an array of emotions, and he was spent, wanting nothing more than to sleep and start fresh the next day.

“What are you doing here?” Harry asked, pulling away from the kiss and laying his head on Draco’s shoulder.

“Snape came to get me,” the blonde explained, and Harry nodded. Draco opened his mouth to admit to his boyfriend just what had happened on the trip to Snape’s rooms at Hogwarts, but a small part of him questioned the admission, embarrassed despite Harry’s self-professed appreciation for the blonde’s frequent desperate dashes to the loo.

“Everything okay?” Harry asked, sitting up on an elbow to look Draco in the eye. He reached a hand over to the nightstand and fished around for his glasses, hooking them onto his ears as he inspected Draco’s expression.

“No,” Draco admitted, shaking his head. He leaned his head back against the headboard and glanced up at the ceiling.

“What’s wrong, Dray?”

Draco rolled to the side, placing his back to Harry and yanking the sheet up to his shoulders.

“Nothing,” he mumbled, not wanting Harry to see that he was dangerously close to tears. He cursed his emotionality, blaming the late hour and his overtaxed mind. How had he become so soft? How had he managed to show such a complete absence of control that he not only peed his pants, but cried about it? He shuddered to think what would happen were he reduced to tears in Lucius’ presence. He needed to stay strong and harsh, and, he realized with a sigh, that may require him to begin separating himself from the Gryffindor in bed with him.

But Harry’s chest pressed up against his back and his whispered words soothed Draco, who could not help but believe the dark-haired boy when he promised that everything would be alright. He would begin reclaiming his attitude and sternness tomorrow. What happened between then and dawn did not have to count.

###

*115*2012-06-20 17:16

I've been inspired to write lately, which means more frequent updates for you guys. If you're still reading, please let me know--I'm extremely grateful for Wolf and Ryoku, but I'd like to know if anyone else is still reading, too! Maybe the story's just too long for people to keep up with?? Have you guys lost interest?

Anyway, for those of you still reading, I hope you like this chapter. There is wetting but no desperation, although there is some major Snarry going on in this uber-long chapter, so you've been warned! ;) Have a good day, guys.

Chapter 25

Harry woke with a gasp as he felt a hot wetness stream against his hip. Turning over in bed, he glanced down to see Draco deep asleep, and yet there was no doubt that the blonde was wetting the bed. Draco mumbled something incoherent as he remained in the throes of a dream, and Harry could not help but crook his knee in order to angle his thigh towards Draco’s crotch, enjoying the feel of the pee coating his leg through his pajama pants. The sheets beneath the boy were becoming saturated in urine as he continued to pee, and Harry sighed, deeply aroused and yet guilty to be enjoying Draco’s accident. He knew the blonde would be upset to have wet the bed, especially considering they were not at Grimmauld Place, but in Snape’s room at Hogwarts.

The thought excited Harry, and he imagined the look on Snape’s face were he to discover that such an immature, childish act had occurred beneath his sheets. Harry suspected the man would find it all extremely unseemly, that he would sneer at the soiled bed linens and threaten to punish Draco for his lack of control. And yet, despite the threat of discipline, Harry wished it had been him to pee the bed, wished he had realized just what position it would have put him in.

He had been wondering what would come of the excitement he had found the day before in Snape’s presence, and had not been able to stop thinking of the way Snape had yanked him into his lap, the way he had pissed himself beneath Harry. He became hard even remembering the moment, the warm liquid spreading up towards his hips as Draco released his bladder unconsciously only aiding in his desire for debauchery. He knew Draco would be shamed by wetting himself, and yet he was grateful for the boy; he had just allowed him to realize the perfect way to find himself at the mercy of Snape once again.

Harry chose to let Draco sleep, wanting to give the boy a semblance of peace and restfulness for as long as possible. He knew, if the boy was tired enough, wetting would not be enough to yank him from sleep, and it would only be the next morning that the blonde would realize he had been sleeping in a puddle of his own pee. Unfortunately, however, it seemed that tonight was not a night for Draco to sleep through his bedwetting, and it was only a few moments before the boy began to stir, rubbing his eyes as he woke up.

“Hey,” Harry said, turning to face the boy. He gave him a small smile, knowing it was only a matter of seconds before Draco realized what he had done.

“Hi,” Draco mumbled, rubbing his eyes.

The blonde paused as he began to wake up, obviously having felt the familiar clamminess of soaking wet sheets and pajama bottoms. He glanced up at Harry in fear and embarrassment, his eyes almost immediately filling with tears. Harry had been expecting the reaction; Draco was always the most emotionally weak when he was battling a lack of sleep.

“Hey, it’s okay,” Harry prompted, kissing Draco on the temple.

“I...I...” Draco stammered, kicking the wet top sheet off of himself as he mumbled something incoherently. He sat up and stared at his wet crotch and legs before immediately glancing up at the door in fear. Harry knew he was thinking about Snape, about what would happen were he to be found out.

“Don’t worry,” Harry soothed, taking Draco’s hand in his own. “We’ll fix it.”

Draco simply looked towards Harry and began to cry, his face crumpling as he shrunk down onto the bed and drew his knees up to his chest. He looked small and pitiful, nervous energy taking over as he began to pull at the bottom of his lip, a habit Harry had seen whenever he was particularly stressed which he assumed was a carry-over from childhood.

“Don’t tell Uncle Severus,” he whispered, controlling his sobs as Harry stroked his cheek. “He can’t know.”

Harry nodded, although he mused that Draco’s fear of his Uncle learning of his bedwetting was more than likely not necessary. Snape missed very little, and Harry had a sinking suspicion that the head of Draco’s house would almost certainly be made aware of a student’s nighttime accidents, particularly those of his godson.

“Stop crying,” Harry told him, rubbing his shoulder. “You just had an accident.”

He hated to see Draco upset, particularly over something he believed a small problem considering what they had both suffered throughout their childhoods. Nevertheless, he knew Draco was ashamed of himself, that he would be mortified were his Uncle to learn of what he had done. And, not having their wands to hide the evidence, Harry began to realize there were very few options available to them.

“Take off your pants,” Harry said, climbing out from under the blankets and beginning to remove his own pajamas. “Switch with me. He’ll think I did it.”

Gawking, Draco stared up at him and shook his head, beginning to cry once more.

“It’s alright, Dray,” Harry said, stripping completely naked before handing his pajamas and briefs across the bed to Draco. There was a large wet spot on the thigh of his pajama pants, stretching from his leg up onto his hip, and yet his briefs were dry, so he knew Draco would not be entirely uncomfortable. “Switch sides of the bed with me.”

Draco looked skeptical, but shifted out of the wet spot on the mattress until he was resting on the dry half of the bed. After a moment, he followed Harry’s lead, beginning to strip out of his sopping wet clothes.

“You don’t have to do this,” he sniffed, passing a bundle of his pee-stained clothing towards the dark-haired boy.

Harry nodded, standing out of bed to yank on Draco’s yellowed, cooling briefs. He could not hide the erection that formed as the saturated material was dragged up his legs to meet his crotch, as he smelled Draco’s urine on the briefs and felt tepid liquid on his fingertips.

“I know,” he said, stepping into the peed-in pajama bottoms. “But I don’t mind.”

In fact, Harry was excited by the situation. As he did up the buttons on Draco’s pajama shirt, he stiffened even more in the wet briefs, knowing he would need to admit to Snape that he had pissed the bed, that he would need to get the man to clean up the bed before they could go back to sleep.

“Thank you,” Draco sighed, looking up at Harry as if he had just saved his life. Harry smiled and bent down to take Draco’s lips in his own, kissing deeply as the blonde ran his hands up and down Harry’s stomach. He moaned in pleasure, frotting his hips against the side of the bed, the friction of the wet fabric against his stiffness nearly too much to bear. But he knew there was possibly more to come that night, and he pulled away with reluctance.

“Go back to sleep,” Harry instructed, and waited until Draco had at least lain his head on the pillow. The Slytherin looked strange dressed in the deep crimson color of Gryffindor House, but Harry hoped the boy was too tired and stressed to realize that Snape knew exactly what each of their pajamas looked like, hoped he would simply fall back asleep and let Harry take care of his problem.

“I’m sorry,” Draco mumbled, turning to look Harry in the eye.

Harry simply shook his head and bent to kiss the blonde on the forehead.

“It was an accident,” he said. “You didn’t do anything wrong, baby.”

Draco sighed and nodded, although Harry knew he was unconvinced. Patting his back for a moment, Harry waited until his head was back on the pillow and he seemed to be calmed before leaving the room, stepping out into the nearly pitch-black hallway and closing the bedroom door behind him.

He did not remember the layout of Snape’s rooms, having seen them for the first time the day before, when Snape had carried him through. He remembered the man’s strong arms supporting him, remembered trying to recall the last time he had been carried, the last time someone had held him in their arms. Thankfully, the rooms were small, and Harry knew there were only three rooms off the hallway leading from the open-plan kitchen and living room. One was the master bedroom, from which he had just come, and one was the loo, the door of which had been left open. That only left one closed door, which was obviously the guest bedroom, where Snape was resting at that very moment.

Despite his excitement, Harry could not help but feel an overwhelming apprehension as he reached to open the door of the guest bedroom. Draco’s pee against his thighs and crotch caused him to squirm and draw the fabric away from his skin with an almost constant plucking motion. He was imagining a multitude of scenarios in his mind as to what Snape’s reaction would be, and yet the unknown was causing him nervousness.

Rather than open the door of the guest room, Harry took a breath and ducked into the loo, flicking on the light and shutting himself into the small room. He instantly caught a glimpse of himself in the full-length mirror on the back of the door as he closed it, smirking as he saw the true extent of the wetness spread throughout his pants. Not to mention the flushed face--whether from arousal or sleepiness, Harry would never know--and tousled hair, giving him a general look of dishevelment that was all too fitting with the obviously unkempt state of his nearly dripping pajama bottoms.

Giving his crotch a quick squeeze as the sight thrilled him, he smiled mischievously and, closing his eyes, sat fully-clothed on the toilet. Concentrating, he released his half-full bladder into his pants, allowing his own urine to stream through the already wet fabric. The feeling was euphoric, and he tucked a hand between his legs to feel the liquid surge through the cotton of his pajama bottoms and stream down towards his backside as well. He stifled a moan as he opened his eyes to glance in the mirror, watching himself peeing in his pants. He wanted to be sopping wet, wanted to trail drips of pee down the hallway that Snape would find the next morning.

When he was completely empty and Draco’s pajama bottoms wetter than ever, he stood from the toilet. The liquid that had still yet to be absorbed dripped down his legs, causing him to shiver as the trails tickled his inner-thighs until he pressed his legs together, allowing the wetness to be absorbed by dry sections of fabric. He was desperate to orgasm, to gain relief, and yet he knew the moment he climaxed, he would lose his nerve. He had to face Snape now, while adrenaline and testosterone were on his side.

Fiddling with the wet fabric at his crotch, Harry crossed the hallway to stand in front of the guest bedroom. He shook a leg as a trickle of urine dripped from his wet briefs and rolled down his leg, trailing down out of his cuff of his pant leg and onto the stone floor. His bare feet were freezing against the coolness of the dungeon hallways, and he lifted one to rub against the calf of his pajamas for warmth, but only succeeded in getting it covered in pee, and subsequently leaving a wet footprint on the threshold outside the doorway.

Swallowing, his arousal spurring him on, he turned the handle of the oversized door and let the door open slightly. He did not believe it possible, but it seemed even darker in the guest bedroom than it had been in the hallway, and as he looked behind him, he realized he had forgotten to turn the light off in the loo. He peered into the room, feeling for all intents and purposes like a five year old running to his Mommy and Daddy after a bad dream. He kept the door closed enough to hide the wet state of his lower half, scanning the room for any signs of Snape, and yet the man was not there.

Opening the door wider, Harry stepped into the room, noticing the sheets on the bed had been pulled back, as if someone had recently slept in them and then gotten out of bed. Which meant Snape was awake, that Harry would not force him to get out of bed in order to help him change the sheets. He was unsure as to whether he was relieved or more nervous as he closed the door of the bedroom and headed towards the living room and kitchen, expecting his Professor to show himself any moment, and demand he explain his reasons for being out of bed.

Harry had heard from the occasional Slytherin that Snape was not one to be lenient on curfews or lights-out times. He expected his students to be in bed when he said they should be, no exceptions. Harry imagined timid first years, or even nervous fourth or fifth years clutching between their legs in the middle of the night within the Slytherin dungeons, scared to leave the bed to pee because Snape had forbidden it, and finally gasping as they lost control, as they pissed themselves helplessly in their beds. The thought made him shudder, and he placed Draco in the fantasy, wriggling about, desperate to go but also to please his Uncle, and he was forced to breathe deeply, to stifle the urge to touch himself right there in the hallway. He was so turned-on, even as the pee became cold and began to itch he was grateful for it, for the excuse it gave him to find the Potions Professor and present himself to the man, needy and vulnerable.

He was not in the kitchen, nor was he in the living room, and Harry knew the only other place to look would be the man’s laboratory, which provided the connection between the Professor’s classroom and office and his rooms. Taking a breath, he pushed open the door gently, his arousal decreasing a bit as nervous energy and, he had to admit, fear, set in.

“Professor?” Harry asked, caught unaware as his voice was raspy and thick from sleep. He cleared his throat and rubbed his eyes, realizing for the first time that he had forgotten to put on his glasses. That was why everything had appeared so misshapen and blurry in the darkness. It was out of character for him to have left his glasses behind, but a part of him must have known that it would only make him less prepared, more exposed and defenseless as he went to meet the other man.

He could just barely make out the outline of Snape, sitting across from him behind what could only be a pensieve and orange vials of memory stacked beside it. It appeared the man was not in the throes of a memory, however, and Harry assumed he had been lost in thought for some time, eyes unfocused as he replayed a past life.

“Professor Snape?” he asked again, forcing himself to speak louder as he opened the door a bit more. He was surprised at just how nervous he felt, despite his anticipation. Swallowing thickly, he unconsciously dropped a hand to cover some of the wetness of his crotch. He hoped the man had not yet noticed, that the door was still hiding his little problem.

The dark man stood from a stool and quickly whisked the vials of memory into an opened drawer, realizing that he was not alone with a slight growl that Harry knew did not bode well.

“Mr. Potter, are you unaware that bedtimes are strict in this household, that they are to be obeyed unless you would like to suffer extreme consequences?”

The man’s voice was thick and deep, his lips pursed together as he stood glaring at Harry threateningly. The boy could not help but stumble a step backwards, his heartbeat quickening in his throat.

“I-I’m sorry, sir,” Harry mumbled, nearly incoherent. He had hoped Snape would be amenable to fooling around once more, that the sight of him in wet pants would spark arousal within the man, and he would once more be pulled onto his lap and held close.

“It is nearly three o’clock in the morning, Mr. Potter,” Snape spat, gathering the pensieve and shoving it back onto a shelf with a sneer of anger. “What possible reason could you have for disturbing the entire household by prancing about the hallways like an undisciplined house elf at such an ungodly hour?”

Harry did not speak, knowing he would simply make a blithering, stammering fool of himself were he to try. It was clear the man was in a foul mood, that whatever memories he had been viewing in the pensieve had either been infuriating or extremely painful. Harry should have simply laid a towel under Draco, taken him out of his wet clothes, and left Snape to deal with his own godson in the morning. Except now he had gone and bothered Snape, now he had pissed through the pajamas himself, had brought himself into what should have simply remained Draco’s indiscretion, and there was no pretending it had never happened.

“Come here,” Snape ordered, pointing in front of him as he turned to the door and stood at his full height. Harry was unused to this anger from Snape, as the anger he showed in class or during detentions had never felt quite so unguarded as this, had never felt as volatile. He worried that Snape would strike him, and had the same sinking feeling in his stomach that overtook him when his Uncle Vernon used to discipline him with wooden spoons or old shoes or even, once, a garden hoe.

“I-I’m sorry, Professor,” Harry mumbled, backing away from the door. “I’ll g-go back to b-bed.”

Harry turned to retreat, but Snape was too quick for him, storming to the door and yanking it open wide enough to cause it to slam against the wall of the laboratory.

“I told you to come here,” Snape said sharply, and even without his glasses, he could feel as he turned around that the man’s eyes were intense and cold.

As Snape stepped out of his laboratory and came face to face with the boy in the living room, Harry was surprised to find whimpering noises coming from his own throat. He had suddenly been reduced to the nine-year-old he had once been, cowering from his Uncle’s fists, praying that, for once, nothing would be broken and no blood would be shed. He stood as straight as possible, doing his best to prove to himself that he was seventeen, that he was braver than he had once been, and yet feeling quite unsuccessful in his attempt. He vowed that he would not cry; that would only give them the satisfaction.

“I...I’m sorry,” Harry began, cursing himself for already admitting his culpability by apologizing. His hands drifted to the front of his crotch, attempting to casually cover the darkness spread across his thighs and down his legs, although he knew it would not go unnoticed.

Snape grabbed him roughly by the upper arm and yanked him into the laboratory so hard that Harry stumbled off his feet, being dragged across the threshold as Snape glowered in anger.

“Did you not, Mr. Potter, inform me that you no longer pissed your sheets?” He demanded, throwing Harry against the wall and bending down to bore into his eyes.

“Y-yes,” Harry said, pitifully, closing his eyes as the momentum caused his head to slam against the wall.. “B-but I--”

“Which means that you were lying to me earlier, does it not?”

Harry opened his mouth, but could not think up any excuse. Even if he told the truth, Snape would not believe him. He pulled at the hem of the pajama shirt, wanting to point out that the clothes he was wearing were Draco’s, that they were nearly too small on him and in the wrong color. When had Snape ever seen Harry wear the emerald green of Slytherin House?

“Answer me, Potter!” Snape yelled, slamming his hand against the wall dangerously close to the side of Harry’s head.

Harry cringed, turning his head away as he squeezed his eyes closed.

“N-no,” he said without thinking. “It-it wasn’t m-me.”

Snape nearly roared as he took Harry by the shoulders and shook him, then threw him back against the wall and grabbed the boy roughly between the legs, causing Harry to gasp and shove himself as close to the wall as possible, shuddering with either terror or stimulation. Snape squeezed Harry’s crotch, causing a splatter of liquid to splash onto the floor.

“Then would you care to explain why you’ve been wandering around my rooms in soiled clothing? Would you care to enlighten me as to why you think it acceptable to trail your stinking, revolting pee through my hallways like some kind of feral dog?”

Harry was barely breathing by the time Snape released his crotch, and he crumpled down to the ground as soon as the man let him go.

“Fuck you,” Harry spat, unable to keep his anger in check any longer. He knew it was wrong to fight back, knew his Uncle would simply smack him around for longer were he to show any signs of animosity, and yet he was unable to restrain himself as he stood back to his full height and faced off against his Professor. “You didn’t seem to mind a bit of carnality when you pissed yourself dry into your robes earlier today, when you dragged me onto your lap and wouldn’t let me go, when you marked me, claimed me like some piece of meat and proved just how untamed you really are.”

Snape slapped him across the mouth but Harry barely flinched. He had been hit harder by his Aunt Petunia. Squaring off, he walked himself towards the man, reaching forward and grabbing Snape’s crotch through his many layers of robes. He was shocked to feel that the fabric was still damp, that the man had changed back into the clothing he had pissed in.

“Watch yourself, Potter,” Snape warned, although Harry knew he was enjoying this immensely.

The Potions Master groaned as the Gryffindor pressed against him, as he fondled him and his damp clothing.

“I didn’t pee your fucking bed,” Harry spat. “Draco did.”

Snape shoved the boy away from him and once more threw him against the wall. He pressed himself close, bending a knee to shove against the boy’s crotch as his own groin found pressure humping the boy’s hip. He ran a rough hand over the boy’s cheek and down his neck to curl his fingers threateningly around his pounding throat.

“I am quite aware of that, Mr. Potter,” Snape whispered.

And with that, he bent down and shoved his mouth against Harry’s, reducing the boy to pleading moans as he begged for it to continue, as he lost himself in the powerful lips and the opened mouth of his Professor, who raised his thumb from the boy’s sensitive throat up beneath the boy’s jaw, pressing it there to keep him from pulling away, pressing it there to remind him that he was in control, and that there was nothing the sixth-year Gryffindor could do about it.

###

*118*2012-06-30 14:55

{{:

10 points for foxface for being extremely original once again!

I believe I never read this kind of thing before. Swapping pajama pants right? As if Snape wouldn't notice... Silly, silly Potter.

I said this before, but I am going to say it again: I love the difference between Draco and Harry. Draco being so terribly embarrassed and Harry being so damn turned on. Snape being a total asshole about Harry wandering through his quarters made Harry feel embarrassed as well and that was a great switch and also (yet again) a big surprise. I could feel Harry's anger, his fear of being wrong this time. But Snape isn't able to control himself this time and I love that. You describe it very well... His anger cracks up to being aroused in a matter of seconds - probably his pensieve already forgotten. I suppose that's the reason he was so angry in the first place anyway.

Ah well, written really well once again. I am sorry that there aren't more people commenting on your story, but I hope I am able to keep you encouraged. :)

}}

Thanks so much, Wolf, and sorry it's taken me so long to respond to your very nice comments! I'm glad you liked this chapter and the switching of pajama pants--I was fond of it myself! ;)

I'm really happy to get the feedback about Snape's characterization in this last chapter, and I'm glad it seemed to work for you. It gets a bit tricky when I'm trying to figure out Snape's anger versus his arousal as well as his reaction to Harry appearing in wet pants, so let me know if you think there's anything I should improve on in those kinds of situations!

Thanks so much and hope you're doing well in general :)

{{:

I've been reading this for a while now, and I thought I owed you a reply now since I actually made an account!

This story captured me from the first chapter. Not many people can pull off such a well written and beautifully portrayed omorashi fic such as this! Tied in with the angst (goodness gracias, I love angst), it really is just almost perfect. There are hardly any typos, which in incredibly excellent, and the characters are very nicely portrayed.

You've also opened my mind to Ron/Draco, which I never thought I'd like before! And while I don't enjoy Snape/Harry very much (I prefer Snape/Draco), even I couldn't just skim through the last few chapters (as I often do with stories on this site). It was all just too perfect.

I cannot wait for the next update. You truly are an amazing writer.

}}

Wow, thank you so much, and welcome to the site! I'm glad you made an account, and hope you have fun here.



I'm also a fan of angst (obviously) so I'm glad to find someone else on board with it--it just works so well for these characters, because they're all so needy at times and have been neglected at one point or another (I guess the whole Lucius/Draco thing isn't exactly explicit in the books, but there's no way that kid had a normal childhood). Thanks for your encouragement and I hope you'll keep reading.

No one really writes much Ron/Draco, but I do think it has the potential to be a really great pairing, so I'm glad I was able to get you thinking about it. I'm also glad that you're still reading even though you're not a huge fan of Snarry--not sure if there will be anything too explicit in terms of Snape/Draco, but I'm expecting there will be a few...developments...in their relationship. ;)

Anyway, thanks so much for reading and thanks even more for commenting!

