Germaphobia

Author: secretomoact

*013*2022-02-10 17:51

If Emmett moved his hands, he was gonna pee his pants. No question about it. His hands, pressed firmly against his trembling pee-hole, were the only things preventing the gallons and gallons of liquid inside his body from spraying out in an uncontainable rush. The universe had shrank ages ago; All that existed anymore was his bladder and the urine contained within it. Minutes had become hours. Hours had become days.

He looked out the window of the bus, seeing that they still had not moved an inch. He was going on an overnight trip with his class. It was supposed to have been fun, but now they’d been caught in horrific traffic for hours, and Emmett’s kidneys had been pumping along the whole time.

He hated it. He’d been smart this time, he really had. He’d bitten the bullet and had one last pee before getting on the bus; He’d forced himself to use the gross school toilets even though it made him scared. But, even if he’d entered the bus as empty as he could be, he was now bursting within an inch of his life. Still, he was glad he’d used the restroom right before leaving. He shuddered to think how atrocious his bladder would be feeling right now if he hadn’t. He probably would have already peed himself, hands or no hands.

He was grateful that he had the window seat, Nova was beside him, so it wouldn’t be as easy for anyone to notice the position of his hands. Even if someone saw and commented, even if they made fun of him, he knew he’d still be unable to move them. A pang of need soared through his bloated body and he squeezed even harder, his thighs tightening around his hands. How was it even possible to need to pee this badly? Surely there had to be a limit to how much a person’s bladder could hurt, right? But, every few minutes, it was noticeably worse than before.

He hadn’t told Nova that he needed the restroom yet, but he doubted that she didn’t already know. He was the picture-perfect example of someone that was on the verge of wetting themselves. He was doubled over, holding himself, thighs clenching, legs pretzeled together. He wouldn’t be surprised if he even looked a little swollen around the edges.

Indeed, Nova could tell very easily what the issue was, “Once the traffic is clear,” she said. “I’ll go ask the teachers to stop somewhere for you.”

Emmett blushed all over. He bounced his legs, crossed his thighs, almost curled himself up into a ball. His hands were working overtime trying to pin his opening closed. “I—“

“I know, gas station toilets are… Difficult for you,” Nova added. “But, you’re hurting yourself, you need to…” she bit her tongue, certain that if she even said the word ‘pee’ at this point, Emmett would proceed to do exactly that all over the seat. “You’re just gonna have to make do with whatever they can find.”

Emmett hadn’t even been thinking about how nauseatingly grotesque the toilet the bus stopped at was likely to be. His heart pounded violently in his chest at the thought of the repulsive situation he was going to have to force himself into… But, then his heart pounded with even more fervor when he realized how incredibly unlikely it was that the bus would stop at all. Even if the traffic ever did move, he doubted if the teachers would agree to a stop so a single student could empty his bladder; Even if said student’s bladder was close to exploding.

Emmett was scared now. It really did feel like he was going to explode. He knew that that couldn’t actually happen, but he did know that there was something else that definitely could.

His bladder could rupture.

He knew that it could. If too much pressure built up in there, the organ could rupture.

Now that he’d thought about ruptured bladders, he couldn’t stop thinking about them.

This was something that happened to him often. He would think of a potential, awful outcome, and his brain would latch onto it, like a frog flinging its tongue out to capture a fly. His brain would refuse to let go of it, it would snuggle up to it like glue and before Emmett could even try to stop it, before he could try to diffuse and calm down, the thoughts would begin to fly.

He knew the symptoms of a ruptured bladder. Things like pelvic and lower abdominal pain, tenderness, leakage of urine, back pain… Things that he was experiencing right now. Things that, logically, he knew were only happening because he had to pee really, really badly. He was experiencing a very desperate need for a urinal, not a medical catastrophe. But, knowing this, telling himself this, trying to use logic and reason, none of those were decent enough weapons to use against the illogical, thrumming panic inside his brain.

His brain told him that his bladder was going to rupture. His brain told him that his bladder rupturing was life-threatening. His brain told him that he was literally going to die a horrific, agonizing death very soon if he didn’t pee.

And, just like that, he was in a panic.

His heart was thumping in his ringing ears, his chest was erupting with pain, he could hardly breathe, and cold sweat rolled down him in buckets. Through his terror, he told himself to just let go, to just pee his pants… But, he couldn’t do it. Now his body was so tight and tense and so far from his control that he couldn’t even force himself to have the accident that he’d been so sure was inevitable.

“Hey, hey,” Nova said. “Shhh…” she was rubbing his arm now. “Breathe. It’s okay,” she soothed. “In and out now… Hold my—“ She stopped, she was about to tell him to squeeze her hand for comfort, something that usually helped him calm down out of his panicked state. But, currently both his hands were wedged firmly between his thighs and she doubted he could move them.

So, instead, she just kept stroking his arm. “It’s okay, you’re okay.” And slowly, his breathing returned to normal. Or, at least as normal as it could be when his entire body was brimming with pee.

He mumbled out that he felt like his bladder was going to rupture, that he needed to go to the hospital.

“Shhh…” Nova repeated, then wondered if she should stop making that noise when she noticed how much tenser Emmett’s thighs got at the sound of it. “I mean, it’s alright. That’s not going to happen. You’ll… Uh… Empty out before THAT happens,” she said. She continued rubbing his arm. She’d seen him needing the toilet really urgently a few times, and ordinarily thought the little dance he couldn’t help was weirdly cute, but it wasn’t cute now. Not when his need was making him feel so scared.

Emmett started to exhale when he felt the bus moving again at last. Then he yelped and dug his hands even firmer into his crotch when it suddenly stopped again just a couple seconds later. They’d barely moved at all!

Nova let go of him when he’d made that noise. She still wanted to comfort him and keep him calm, but she didn’t think her touch alone would be enough to do it anymore. No, the only thing that would make him feel better would be peeing. She picked up her bag, hoping she had something that would make a decent emergency toilet for him. She realized as she searched that, if she did find something, that meant he’d… do it in front of her.

The idea of that made Nova feel really funny inside. She wasn’t even sure what to call the feeling. It was like she both really, really wanted to see it, but also really, really didn’t think she SHOULD want to see it. And, those two conflicting feelings swirled around inside her to become a deeply confusing maelstrom.

Nevertheless, it didn’t really matter. There was nothing in her bag that could be used to hold any amount of liquid, and definitely not the gallon of it Emmett was clearly holding onto. She wondered if she should try asking someone else if they had a bottle. Emmett would be humiliated if she went around the bus asking if anyone was willing to provide him with a urinal, though…

Maybe he’d be at least a little less embarrassed if she just asked his sister? “Hold on,” Nova told him, giving his arm another stroke. “I’m gonna try and get you something.”

Emmett did hold on. He wasn’t sure how, but he held on. He kept holding on. Even though it felt impossible. Maybe it wasn’t, though? After all, while he was absolutely coming apart at the seams and felt like he was going to pee any second, his need had more or less stagnated for a bit now. Maybe he could just keep at it and put up with it for another ten minutes. Then another. Then another. One step at a time, until he was finally able to release his bladder. Like how swimmers approach each race one lap at a time…

Whyyyyy did he just think about water!?

The throbbing, the burning, the pain, it went on and on and on as he sat there and waited, and begged for the traffic to go away. He was dreaming of flying down the road at lightning speeds, the bus stopping, himself rushing from it to find a urinal right there just as he escaped this miserable prison. He was imagining unzipping himself, letting it all flow away, and—

Hsss!

He leaked again, he strained his thighs together more.

Nova returned with a disappointed look on her face. “Sorry,” she said. “Shelby didn’t have a bottle, either…”

Emmett barely heard her. All he could hear now was the screaming in his bladder and the monotonous litany inside his head; ‘GOTTA PEE, GOTTA PEE, GOTTA PEE!!’ He was rocking back and forth and back and forth and back and forth. His body was acting on its own, and he just needed to go so bad, and he couldn’t take it, and it hurt, and he would do anything to pee, and—

Finally, he felt the bus start to move. To really move. Not the starting and stopping, but actual movement. They were on their way again. He looked to Nova with a plea on his lips. He needed the bus to pull over, needed it to bring him to a toilet. He didn’t even care if it was the grossest toilet in the country, so long as he could pee in it and not have to feel this way anymore.

Nova stood and walked to the front of the bus, and Emmett felt a glimmer of hope.

It shattered like a faberge egg on concrete when Nova returned just a minute later, frowning. “They said no stops, we’re already behind their schedule because of the traffic.”

“I can’t…” Emmett whimpered. “I’ve n—never felt it like this before.” He started to breathe harshly again.

“It’s okay,” Nova said. She was running out of ways to keep him calm. His desperation was clearly scaring him, and the only way to get rid of it would be to have him pee his pants. And she didn’t think that wetting himself when their entire class was on the bus with him would help him feel relaxed and calm, either! “We should be there soon.”

“What if there’s more traffic?”

“Don’t think about that.”

“What if I can’t wait?”

“Don’t think about that.”

“What if my bladder ruptures first?”

“Don’t think about that.”

“Wh—What if…” Emmett moaned. “I’m really sorry about this. I’m disgusting.”

“You’re not. You’re not disgusting because your body has needs,” Nova said.

“But… I’m…” he lowered his voice. “I’ve been… leaking. And—“

“It’s okay,” Nova said. “I don’t think you’re gross. You can’t control it.”

“I’m so—“

“If I thought you were gross, I wouldn’t do this,” Nova said, and leaned in for a deep kiss. Finally, some of Emmett’s taut, straining muscles melted while her tongue found its way into his mouth. They’d probably be in trouble if one of the teachers saw, but they were all way up front. And, this was a very welcome distraction from needing to pee. After a minute, their lips separated.

“You’re okay,” Nova said. “You can make it.” The second statement was one Nova was a little less certain of. Truthfully, the fact that he was only just ‘leaking’ right now seemed like nothing short of a miracle to her.

The next half hour was not the least bit easy. Emmett couldn’t keep himself from bouncing, and it took a concentrated effort not to pull his hands away from his dick in disgust when he felt his crotch growing warm and damp from all the leaks he couldn’t stop. He felt so vile, his hands coming into contact with his own bodily waste. The bodily waste that he was unable to contain inside himself… His breathing was ragged and he had to focus really hard on each breath, and on staring straight ahead to keep from working himself into another anxiety attack.

Finally, the bus stopped again, and they were at their destination; A somewhat upscale campground that consisted of a series of cabins and other small buildings. Nova was gently urging him onto his feet, and once he was doing the closest thing to ‘standing up’ that he could manage in his current state, she was tugging him towards the door. They were in the back, so they were supposed to wait for everyone else to get off first, but Emmett couldn’t handle any more waiting, and Nova knew it.

They were the first two off, even beating the teachers. Nova was turning about, trying to find the restrooms, and hoping for Emmett’s sake that they wouldn’t be too gross.

“W—We have to wait for the t—teachers, we’ll get in trouble,” Emmett managed to squeak.

“You can’t wait,” Nova stated the obvious. She finally saw a sign on one of the buildings, designating it as a restroom. “Okay, come on. Just a little further.”

Emmett was still scared about being in trouble for wandering off, but his bladder couldn’t care less. Even if the school administration decided that rushing for the toilet before he’d gotten permission was worthy of expulsion, it would be worth it if he could actually pee.

They arrived at the building, and Nova reached to get the door to the men’s room for him. But, it was locked. This was confusing, because it was too big to just be a single use stall. She pounded on the door instead, while Emmett jumped up and down beside her. She looked at him with sympathy, trying not to notice the dark patch going down one of his pant-legs.

A man opened the door, “We’re cleaning the restrooms right now,” he informed. “Come back later.”

And the door shut before she could argue that it was an emergency. “Eheh… Uh. At least you know they clean them now?” she offered.

Emmett doubled over on himself, before crouching down in the dirt. He was folded totally in half, his forehead brushing the dirt and his knees buckling under him.

“It’s okay,” Nova said, stroking a hand down his tight, knotted spine.

But, it was obviously very far from being okay. Pee was pattering into the dirt beneath Emmett’s curled body. He was having an accident, though clearly not as big of one as he needed to.

Nova wanted to tell him to just go, to just give up and let it happen.

But then she remembered that, technically, this was a camping trip. And, usually when people went camping, they peed in the woods… Just because there were toilets here, that didn’t mean the trees had to be off limits, did it? “New plan,” she said. “You’re gonna go in the woods.”

Emmett’s voice was soft and tiny. “I can’t, I forgot my hand sanitizer at home, so I won’t be able to—“

Nova was stunned that he actually had the capacity to still CARE about how he was going to clean his hands off after he’d finished peeing. “I... I brought some for you just in case, you’ll be fine!” she informed.

Emmett yanked himself up, unwrapping from his coiled form and getting to his feet shakily. “O—Okay,” he said, and Nova helped him take tiny steps towards the wooded area.

“Almost there, just a little further,” she said. “You can do it.”

And, a minute later, they were there. Concealed by the bushes and trees. Now that he’d found somewhere to release, Emmett was met by his next obstacle.

If Emmett moved his hands, he was gonna pee his pants. No question about it.

He needed to move his hands to get his zipper down, though.

“Nnnhhh…” Emmett whimpered, jumping in place. He removed one hand from over his crotch, but the spill that started immediately thereafter made it tuck itself right back where it had been. “I can’t—“

Nova noticed him struggling… This… Really wasn’t how she’d THOUGHT the first time she touched his zipper would go, but… “Want some help?”

“Please!?”

Nova rushed to his side, and reached between his coiled wrists to unbutton his fly. “Move your hands for just a tiny second,” she said. “Just a second.”

Emmett did, painfully, and Nova yanked his zipper down in one fast tug. Her fingers were a little wet as she pulled her hand away, and Emmett’s own hands frantically dove into his boxers, rescuing his leaking cock. Now that the pressure of his hands was gone from his opening, the leaks had turned into a torrential downpour that he aimed blindly into the dirt.

Nova was still right at his side. No doubt WAY closer than she should have been to a guy while he was urinating. But, she found herself unable to move. Emmett was peeing a huge, forceful waterfall against the ground, his head tilted back, eyes fluttering shut in utter bliss.

Nova couldn’t look away either. That face Emmett was making was gorgeous. There was no other word to describe it. His eyes gently closed, his lips parted. A few seconds later, a moan fell from them. “Ahhhhh…. I’m so sorry, Nova. I know you don’t want to see… Ohhhh…”

Nova didn’t respond. She couldn’t. The sounds he was making were intensifying the fascination she felt. She knew she shouldn’t do what she did next, but her eyesight dropped down a bit to his dick and the liquid that was erupting from it. A clear, consistent stream of long-held pee spraying the dirt with the force of a fire hose and creating a fizzing puddle of relief.

The entire thing was just so interesting. His expression, the sounds— both from his throat and from his hissing stream itself— the forcefulness of his pee… It was cute. It was cute that simply peeing had turned this usually anxiety-stricken person into a shivering, shuddering moaning picture of total relaxation. She had the weird urge to hold him a little as he shook with relief. He probably wouldn’t appreciate that very much, though.

After almost two full minutes of nonstop spraying, Emmett’s bladder finally ceased its gushing. He stood there in a daze for several seconds before he remembered himself enough to zip back up and button his fly. He turned a little to face Nova. “I’m… I’m so sorry,” he said. He was positive that Nova was only still here because the revulsion she felt had stunned her into a standstill. “I should have waited for you to leave before I… Did that. I tried to, I promise, I just—“

“It’s okay,” Nova said once more. “You’re… Uh, you’re kinda cute when you do that. That’s probably weird to say, but you just looked… Really calm, I guess? You don’t normally look that way. It’s nice to see.”

Emmett bit his lip, and he looked as anxious as ever again. “I wasn’t really trying to be cute…”

“That’s a good thing, that means you’re cute all the time, even when you don’t mean to be!”

“Um, thank you…” Emmett said, blushing. “Um, can I have the hand sanitizer now please?” His hands felt so dirty. He’d gotten so much pee on them when he’d still been struggling to hold everything in. He now felt as desperate to clean his hands as he’d felt to pee!

“Of course,” Nova said.

*014*2022-02-11 18:04

‘Why didn’t I go before we left the museum?’ Emmett asked himself for what must have been the fiftieth time. He tapped his feet against the floor of the car and cringed as it careened over yet another speed bump. His bladder slammed upwards, and he felt like the pee inside his body had reached up to his throat. He stared out the window, and he couldn’t recognize anything, so he knew they weren’t even back inside his city yet. They were nowhere near the relief he needed.

His class had been on a field trip out of town to a museum all day. Dad had chaperoned to drive him and his sister there and back. The museum had been interesting, and the restaurant inside it had the most delicious lemonade Emmett had ever tasted… He just wished he could have known it was going to shoot through him this quickly.

The worst part, Emmett thought, was that there was really no excuse for him not to have peed before leaving the museum. The restrooms there were perfectly clean, sparkling even. Shelby, Dad and several of his classmates had stopped off to use them, so Emmett would not have wasted anyone’s time by doing the same.

No. The only reason he hadn’t peed like he should have was purely because he’d been too distracted. By a really big rock the museum had on display. A rock. A freaking rock.

What was even wrong with him?!

He didn’t know. He’d just… He’d never seen such a huge rock before, and the information on the placard beside it was interesting, all about how it had been formed by a volcano erupting, and… And he just hadn’t felt like he’d NEEDED to pee then, so he kept reading it. And then they were out the door and at the car. It wasn’t until they’d been driving for about half an hour that he realized he really, really should have peed when he’d had the chance.

The need had just slammed into him all at once, he hadn’t felt it building up. Just, one second he was okay, and the next he was squirming in his seat and wishing the car would move faster. The good news was that if he asked for a stop, Dad would probably give it to him, something that would be much more unlikely if he was riding the bus with the rest of his class. The bad news was that the only options they’d passed by were those disgusting, revolting, absolutely nightmare-inducing abominations that had been forged in the ninth layer of Hell by Lucifer himself. Some people called them ‘gas station toilets’, but Emmett did not think that phrase was enough to adequately describe their evil.

He’d peed in one only once, and had vowed never to do it again. That time had been one of the worst bladder emergencies of his entire life, a time when he’d had about two seconds to get his zipper down before he’d have an accident. He’d… Actually begged Shelby to come with him so SHE could touch the door handle and turn the sink on for him. She’d been about to tease him, before noticing the wet spot already forming at his crotch and realizing that she’d better just give him what he needed.

As Shelby held the door for him, he rushed in to find that the urinal had been torn off the wall by some vandal, so that wasn’t going to be an option. He’d whirled around to face the toilet instead, but it was… badly clogged. And people hadn’t stopped using it in spite of the clog… And someone had tossed their empty beer can into it as well. True, Emmett wouldn’t have needed to sit down on it, but there was still a serious risk of splashback, and he didn’t want to tempt fate.

He wasn’t proud of what he’d ended up doing. He’d told himself that the room was already so ridiculously filthy that it didn’t matter if he added to the stains and puddles that were already prevalent there. Still, as he unzipped and opted to just hose down the wall since it was the option that disgusted him the least, he felt far more shame than he did relief. He knew he really shouldn’t feel guilty, obviously he wasn’t making a mess anyone would have to clean up because evidently no one had cleaned the room since before the Roman Empire had collapsed… Nevertheless, it still made him feel bad.

To his surprise, Shelby hadn’t even teased him about it. No, instead she’d told him “…Yeah, that’s what I would have done, too…”

Even if he hadn’t touched a damn thing in that room, apart from with the soles of his shoes since he’d unfortunately lacked the ability to float above the floor, for the rest of the day Emmett had felt like a grimy, yet invisible, coat of paint was coating his body. He hadn’t managed to feel clean again until he could finally take a shower and scrub himself so hard that most of his skin flamed pink.

After that he’d vowed that he would never, ever do that again. No matter how badly he had to pee, he’d do whatever it took not to place himself into a room like that again for the rest of his life.

He tried to banish this memory from his brain now, not just of the disgust, but of how he’d actually PEED that day. Thinking about past times he’d relieved himself was making him need to do it again SO much worse!

Well, that and the sound of his metal water bottle sloshing in the cup holder… He glared at it as the liquid it contained rolled back and forth, the liquid contained in his bladder seeming to move in time with it. The noise was getting on every single one of his nerves, and making his urethra sting as he clenched his muscles as hard as he could.

He wished he could empty it… But, he couldn’t pour it out the window without attracting notice. And the only OTHER way he could empty it would be to… Drink it. And, obviously if he did that he’d explode into ten million tiny little pieces and literally die.

Well. Maybe not anything quite that dramatic. But still. If he drank one more sip of liquid, it would definitely hurt really, really bad.

They kept driving down the seemingly endless stretch of road. It felt like the drive back was about five times as long as the drive there had taken earlier in the day. Emmett’s bladder was pounding with need, liquid trying to force its way down his pipes, and no matter how tightly he clenched his thighs, it just kept getting worse.

“Emmett?” Shelby asked from his side. “You okay?”

“N—Never better,” Emmett managed through his gritted teeth.

Shelby gave him an odd look, “Are you sure?”

“Positive.”

“… If you need Dad to pull ove—“

“I’m fine!” Emmett insisted. “I’m perfectly fine, and I can hold it until we get home!” He had to be fine, because there was no room in the car for him NOT to be. He couldn’t pee on the seat, and he couldn’t pee in a gas station toilet, so he just couldn’t pee. That was all there was to it.

Shelby shrugged and looked out the window. “I think we’re about an hour from home?” she guessed. “Can you handle that?”

The thought of an HOUR squeezed a fist around Emmett’s bladder and he palmed his crotch against a massive wave of need. “Y—Yes,” he said uncertainly.

“Okay…” Shelby said.

The drive continued. Emmett bounced in his seat, crossed his legs, and glared at his noisy, sloshing water bottle. At one point he unlatched his seatbelt. He knew it was unsafe, but just the pressure of the strap over his middle had become too much for him to deal with. A little while after that, he had to unbutton his pants as well. When he did this, his knuckles brushed themselves against the hard, distended curve of his full bladder and an urgent pulse swept through it that made him nearly double over.

Now that his pants weren’t so tight around his waist, he felt a little better. But, the relief was so close to the feeling of actually peeing that he needed to cross his legs even more tightly together. Before long, the awful tight feeling was back, and he went ahead and unzipped as well.

Shelby heard his zipper coming down and whipped around to look at him. “What are you—“ Before she could finish her question, the car jerked to the side. Emmett yelped in surprise and plunged a hand into the open flaps of his pants to grip himself properly, cringing with disgust when he felt the fabric of his boxers growing warm and damp.

The reason the car had jerked like that was because Dad had pulled over at a gas station. He got out and started to refuel the car.

Shelby took off her seatbelt, took her brother by the wrist, and basically dragged him from the car. “Okay, yeah. You’re gonna pee here.”

“I can’t!” Emmett whined. “It’s too gross!”

“You don’t even know if the toilet here is gross,” Shelby said. “You haven’t seen it yet!”

“It’s a gas station on a highway in Florida, Shelby!” Emmett said. “Of course it’s gross!”

Shelby sighed. “Well, even if it is, you’re gonna use it. Look at yourself, like eighty percent of your body’s gotta be pee right now.”

“Shelby!” Emmett exclaimed.

She continued leading him around the side of the building to the restrooms. “GO,” she ordered.

“I can’t!”

“You HAVE to.”

Emmett trembled from more than just desperation then. “Could you check first? Tell me how bad it is?”

Shelby groaned and rolled her eyes. “If THAT’S what it takes to keep you from peeing your pants…” she said. She opened the door to the men’s room and stepped inside. And…

It was bad.

Like, the stuff of nightmares.

It looked like someone had poured bucket after bucket of chili onto a rotating helicopter blade if the stains and globs coating the walls were anything to go by.

And the stench was like that of a dying animal. Shelby felt like her eyes could smell it.

But, if SHE thought that this was bad, then to someone like Emmett it would probably look like something straight from the boiler room of Hell. She wasn’t going to try and convince him to use this. Urging him in here would be downright cruel, like she was just TRYING to trigger him into having a panic attack.

Odds were, if he went in that room, he WOULD have a panic attack, and then he’d freak out more because he’d been breathing heavily while surrounded by so many germs, and… Would he even be capable of peeing while mid-anxiety attack? She didn't think that sounded possible, since in order to urinate he’d need to relax at least a little, and obviously if he was panicking and breaking down, that wouldn’t be happening. Or, maybe freaking out like that would cause him to go in his pants instead.

So, even if he did go inside that restroom, then at best he’d be so tense that he wouldn’t be able to pee, and at worst he’d start hyperventilating and either wouldn’t be able to pee or would just do it in his pants. It would be a pointless endeavor, she would have only succeeded in putting him into a very uncomfortable, scary situation that didn’t offer him any type of reward.

She exited the room. Emmett was looking at her with trepidation and perhaps even a little hope. “Um…” She said. “One moment…” She then ducked into the women’s room, hoping it would be better. It may end up taking some convincing to get him to use a ladies’ toilet, what with him being such a stickler for rules, but surely it had to be better than—

It was even worse.

Shelby wasn’t sure how that possible, but it was. This room was even grosser than the men’s had been.

She backed out of the room and returned to her brother. He looked at her with big, watery eyes. “Is it—“

“Bad doesn’t even cover it,” Shelby said. “I… Honestly think straight up peeing yourself is the best decision you can make right now.”

“I can’t do that!” Emmett cried, horrified. He squeezed himself even tighter as his bladder threatened to make him do it in spite of his protests. He turned around a few times, searching for something that might save him. But, the area was barren. Absolutely nothing to hide behind. No trees, no bushes, not even a garbage can he could duck behind. And there were roads on all sides of the building, each one with several cars zooming by that would see if he decided to relieve himself on a wall…

He was screwed. There was no way out of this. He was going to pee his pants.

He at least wanted a little privacy for that, so he stumbled his way back to the car. Dad was finishing up with the car and told him he needed to go inside to pay. Emmett wondered if maybe there was an employee bathroom inside the building that was nice and clean, and maybe if he begged hard enough they’d let him use it. He doubted it.

Shelby had caught up to him. “I’m really sorry,” she said. “You should have gone at the museum…”

“I know, Emmett whimpered, rocking from side to side. He’d opened his car door so he’d have something to hide behind when his bladder finally gave up… And then he found an answer! He dove into the car, twisting his hips and shuddering as he sat down.

“Emmett, if you’re gonna wet yourself, don’t do it inside of the—“

“I’m not going to,” Emmett insisted. He tore one hand away from his crotch and picked up the metal water bottle that had been torturing him all through the ride. Now, it was going to save him.

He unscrewed it as fast as he could with one hand and, dreading what he was about to do, reached to dump it onto the pavement outside the door.

“What are you doing?” Shelby asked, though that was fairly obvious. “You’re gonna ruin it…” she said.

Since Emmett had already unzipped, he’d only needed to fish himself free from his boxers and aim into the opening of the bottle. Then, the air was filled with the sound of liquid tinkling against metal, rapidly replaced by the sound of liquid hitting liquid. “Ahhhh….” Emmett sighed, allowing his eyes to shut.

Shelby stared at him. She didn’t really want to, of course. It was just… She was stunned. Her brother, her germaphobic, neat-freak brother who would rather tear out all of his own eyelashes than make a gross mess of anything… Was now filling up his own water bottle with wave after wave of urine. And, if that expression on his face and the moans erupting from his mouth were anything to go by, he was loving every second of it too. It both looked and sounded like there was nothing in the world he’d rather do than continue just sitting there, emptying out into the bottle.

She couldn’t help but snort, “Heh… What the Hell?” she giggled.

Emmett cracked his eyes open. He felt like he was floating, his body was so loose and free and empty… “Don’t watch!” he said, albeit a little halfheartedly. He didn’t mind all that much… He felt too good to mind anything at all.

“You’re ruining it,” Shelby said, still laughing. “You can’t ever drink from it again.”

“It can go through the dishwasher,” Emmett said. “It…Hahhhh…” he shivered as his deluge finally began to slow down, shaking off a little before replacing the cap on the bottle. He reached into his pocket and retrieved his hand sanitizer, squeezing a little out into one of his palms before rubbing them together.

“It can go through the dishwasher,” Shelby repeated. “You threw out your book-bag because a spider got squished under it once and you didn’t think the washing machine would clean it well enough. But you’ll—“

“Spider guts are grosser than urine,” Emmett said, as if that was just a known fact everyone should have already been aware of.

“You don’t make sense sometimes,” Shelby said, shaking her head. “Feeling better though?”

“A lot better,” Emmett said. “I was bursting…” He placed the bottle back into the cupholder, looking at the label on its side. “Wow…” he said.

“What?”

“I filled this thing up almost all the way,” he said. “So, I peed out an entire liter…”

“That is a lot…” Shelby said. “Do you really want to finish the drive with it next to you like that, though? You can pour it out before Dad comes back…”

Emmett shook his head, “No way, some might splash on my shoes if I pour it out here!”

“… I really don’t get you,” Shelby said.

*015*2022-02-12 17:49

Little bit of female desperation in this one.

***

Nova was getting a LOT better at differentiating Emmett’s usual ‘I’m feeling very nervous right now’ squirming from his more frantic ‘Ohh, I really, really gotta pee!’ squirming. But, even as she grew more and more adept at working out when he had to relieve his bladder, a part of her always wanted to pretend that she couldn’t tell. When he told her he needed to be excused for a bit, she would try to act like she didn’t know why he was leaving for a few extra minutes. Just to force him to admit to her that he was desperate. She knew that this was wrong, in any other case Nova’s first instinct was always to help Emmett, to soothe him and to give him whatever he needed if she was able to.

But, he was just so undeniably cute when his face got all red and he mumbled to her that he was bursting for the toilet.

She also couldn’t deny that she kind of wanted to see him… DO it again. She doubted that this desire was normal, but seeing Emmett’s body go so loose, seeing all of the tension leave it… She’d never seen him so relaxed before. Even when he was asleep he was scrunched into a tight ball and still looked nervous.

Nova was thinking about pee and Emmett’s tense sleeping patterns because she was currently desperate to relieve her own bladder, and Emmett was asleep and gripping onto her so tightly that she couldn’t get up.

She was sleeping over at his house tonight. And she’d been so concerned that she’d accidentally do something weird in front of him that peeing before bed had completely slipped her mind. She was regretting that now. She knew she should just wake him up, but knowing he suffered from frequent bouts of Insomnia, she didn’t want to rouse him when he was getting some badly needed rest.

So instead, Nova had been trying to just squirm out of his grasp, but that had proven difficult. His hands were both clung tightly to her arm and she couldn’t manage to force his fingers to uncurl. Eventually, she gave up on the endeavor, resolving to just hold it in until morning. She tried to fall asleep in order to speed that process along a little bit, but sleep just refused to come. Every time she felt herself starting to drift off, her bladder would jolt and she’d feel right on the cusp of letting it all flow into the bed. She’d clench her thighs, her heart pounding with adrenaline, and by the time the spasm passed she’d be wide awake once more.

Miserably, she realized that she was going to be up all night, enduring a heinous need to empty her bladder.

***

Emmett was scared.

He was in the hospital again, like he was when he was little and had gotten so sick. The doctors were talking to each other, they were saying the illness was back. This both terrified Emmett and confused him; He didn’t understand how his illness could be back again. The last time he’d had it, his appendix had been taken out so that he could get better. He couldn’t possibly be sick like that again if the thing wasn’t even in his body anymore, right?

When he was little and had gotten sick like that, he’d thrown up a lot. Emmett couldn’t remember throwing up today, and if he HAD thrown up, he definitely would have been able to remember it. It was the thing he was most afraid of, after all.

When he was little and had gotten sick like that, he’d also had an agonizing pain in his stomach, like being stabbed repeatedly every few seconds. He didn’t feel that now. He did feel a great deal of pain, though. But, this pain was below his stomach. He had to pee so much that the screaming urgency in his bladder was almost loud enough to drown out the words of the doctors around him.

He remembered that when he’d had the operation and his appendix had been removed, he’d rested in a hospital bed like this one for a long time afterwards. He’d been really weak and had had a hard time talking, and he was so scared that he couldn’t even really remember how to. After a while, he’d needed to go pee very badly. But, he knew he wasn’t supposed to get out of bed, and he was too sore to try anyway. Emmett could barely understand what had happened to him, just that he’d been in a lot of pain, had thrown up everywhere uncontrollably, and then he’d had to come to this scary place and be cut up. He hadn’t looked at his stomach under his gown yet. He was too frightened of what he might see there. He didn’t understand how he could have been cut apart and put back together again; surely his insides were falling out even if he couldn’t feel it.

The hospital was scary, and the doctors were scary, and Emmett couldn’t find his voice to tell any of them that he needed to pee.

So, he’d just stayed in bed and held it, even though it hurt really, really bad and it was so hard to keep it from coming out. Eventually, he needed the toilet so urgently that he started to cry. He cried a lot, struggling to breathe through his sobs. The crying made it even tougher to keep all the pee inside, but he couldn’t stop the tears from coming.

After he’d spent several minutes crying through his pain, a nurse entered his room to check on him. “Oh, dear… What’s the matter?” she asked.

The nurses scared Emmett too, he was worried he was going to get cut open again. So, even though he wanted to tell her he was about to have an accident, he couldn’t find the words.

“Are you still in pain?” She came closer to his bed and saw that he was pressing his hands very tightly between his legs. “Oh, do you have to use the bathroom?”

Emmett nodded frantically. Yes, yes he did! Please! Can’t hold it anymore!

“Poor dear,” the nurse said. She went to a cabinet and rummaged around, when she came back to his side she’d been holding a bottle. She unscrewed the cap and handed it to him. “There you go, honey. I’ll just give you some privacy.” And then she’d left.

Emmett was able to figure out that apparently he was supposed to use this bottle now instead of a toilet. He didn’t really like this, because he’d known he was only supposed to pee in toilets. But, his pee couldn’t stay inside anymore, so he’d hidden the bottle underneath his gown and let it out. It felt good, but he was still worried that he’d done something wrong.

When the nurse had come back into the room and saw the bottle, her startled reaction made Emmett more worried he’d broken a rule. Had he been wrong? Was the bottle NOT for peeing, after all? But, when she’d spoken to him, she wasn’t angry. “Oh, you poor thing…” she said. “All of that was in you? Did no one give you a bottle until now?”

Emmett had shook his head then. He hadn’t known anyone was supposed to have given him a bottle to pee into…

“That’s unacceptable… I can’t believe they forgot to…” The nurse stopped. “You are feeling better now?”

Emmett had given her a nod. He did feel better. Still sore, but now neither his appendix nor his bladder were at risk of bursting.

Now, as Emmett sat confusedly in a similar bed in a similar room, history was repeating itself. He tried to regain his ability to speak so he could ask for a bottle without having to endure the same level of agony he’d withstood when he’d been small. But, the doctors were talking to each other, and everything they said made Emmett’s voice shrivel more and more.

“We’re going to have to operate again,” one doctor said. “He should have known this would happen.”

“He hasn’t washed his hands enough,” the other doctor agreed. “He’s let in all manner of infections.”

“He touched a doorknob last week and didn’t use hand sanitizer until two minutes later,” the first doctor said. “And he touched his lips before sterilizing his hands. It’s no wonder he’s so sick.”

“He realized his mistake at least,” the second doctor said. “When he figured out the germs had gotten into his body, he swallowed some of his sanitizer. But, it was too late.”

Emmett was unsure how the doctors knew all of that. He did remember panicking when he’d realized his unclean hand had brushed against his mouth. He did remember forcing himself to swallow a pump of hand sanitizer to make up for it. But he didn’t remember telling anyone about that, or anyone being around to see it happen.

Not that any of it had ended up mattering. He was sick again, and he was going to be cut open again, and—

He was startled by a burst of warmth between his legs and began to clutch himself as he whimpered.

The doctors turned to look at him. “What’s the matter?” The first doctor asked.

Emmett tried to answer and say that he needed to pee RIGHT NOW, but he couldn’t find the words. Tears formed in the corners of his eyes.

“Looks like he needs the bathroom,” the second doctor said.

Emmett nodded very quickly. ‘Please,’ he thought. ‘You can do anything you need to do to me! Just let me pee!’ As he continually nodded, more and more leaks dribbled from his tip. ‘Hurry!’

The first doctor went to the cabinet and got out a bottle. Emmett eagerly held out the hand not clamped around his dick. ‘Please, I can’t wait!’ he thought as he grasped onto the bottle. ‘Oh, finally!’ He couldn’t wait for the doctors to leave the room. He couldn’t even wait for them to turn around, either. He was gonna have to let it out with them right here, and he didn’t care, he just couldn’t hold it anymore. Nothing mattered anymore, nothing. He was about to relieve himself and it was going to feel wonderful…

***

Nova continued enduring the thrashing madness taking place in her bladder. Her thighs were clamped together, and the hand Emmett wasn’t locked onto was squeezed between them. She felt her fingers growing wet as squirts of pee continually shot out of her body without her consent. She was NOT going to last until morning. She had no choice, she HAD to wake him up, or she’d piss all over herself and the bed. Emmett probably wouldn’t ever be able to look at her again if she did that.

Emmett had been doing a great deal of thrashing around during the last half hour. Even more than he’d been doing before. She wasn’t sure if he was having a bad dream, or if this was just how a person with severe anxiety slept.

Hss—

She startled at the noise of trickling liquid and pressed her hand more firmly against herself… But, she didn’t feel any new warmth there. She hadn’t peed another drop.

Confused, she glanced towards Emmett’s crotch and saw it starting to glisten. “Emmett, wake up!” she said urgently, both from her own desperate need to pee and from a desire to keep Emmett from having what would surely be a very traumatic accident. “Wake up!”

Emmett’s eyes cracked open. He was breathing heavily. “Wha’…?” he asked blearily, sitting up— And then his hands flew off of Nova’s arms as he frantically shoved them against his crotch. “Ah—!” His eyes popped wide open as he struggled to clamp off the stream he realized was trickling into his pajamas. He was shocked that this was happening; He had NEVER wet the bed before in his life, and now he’d very nearly done it the first night his girlfriend was sleeping beside him?! He immediately jumped out of bed and instantly regretted it as all the liquid he was holding back made a fierce rush down towards his urethral opening, which he was still trying his hardest to pinch shut. “I gotta go!”

Nova did not tease him this time. She didn’t ask him ‘Go where?’ or try to make him admit that he was about to pee his pants. “I do too,” she said.

Emmett, whom had been in the process of hurrying to the toilet as quickly as his bladder would allow him to, stopped right at the door to his room. He shimmied his hips, bounced on his heels, didn’t dare let go of his cock, and turned around. He noticed now that Nova had sat up and was cupping her hands between her own legs, obviously in dire need of a pee.

This presented a problem.

His house DID have two toilets, but to get to one of them, a person would have to go through his Dad’s room. His Dad was a very light sleeper, and Emmett had inherited his penchant for insomnia from him. Going in there while he slept would almost certainly wake him up, and waking him up would most likely render him unable to get back to sleep. Dad would be grouchy all the next day. It had taken a lot of work to get Dad to agree to let Emmett have his girlfriend spend the night. Emmett had needed to emphasize to him how responsible he was, how he was very mature. And, he was pretty sure that causing his Dad to lose sleep because he could not for the life of him hold onto his pee for a few extra minutes would disprove all of his claims of maturity.

But, the thing was, Emmett knew he really COULDN’T hold onto his pee for a few extra minutes. He’d already started going, after all. And, sure, he’d managed to shut off his flow when Nova woke him, but stopping midstream was one talent Emmett never managed to master. Whenever he started to pee, that was it; He was going to finish. There had been a few times he’d been urinating and something happened that necessitated him stopping— The time he’d needed to void himself into Dad’s bathtub and the awful day he’d gotten locked in the janitor’s closet and had had no choice but to empty his aching bladder into a bucket came to mind. On both those occasions, someone had walked in on him and so he’d tried to plug himself shut again. And, both those times, he’d only managed to restrain his stream for a second or two before it exploded out of him once more.

Stopping before he’d finished was downright torture for Emmett. It was one of the worst feelings in the world to him; It always resulted in this really intense, awful sensation, almost like he was being pinched in the most sensitive part of his body. It burned and stung and was enough to bring tears to his eyes. He was feeling ALL of that right now, his bladder begging him to let it keep doing what it had been doing into his pajama pants a couple minutes ago. The only reason he hadn’t started letting loose again was because his hands were doing a very good job at turning themselves into corks; He just wasn’t sure how much longer that was gonna last.

Hopefully, it would last long enough for Nova to go. “N—Nova, please try and go fast, okay?” he requested, stomping his feet so much it looked like he was trying to do a strange march.

Nova had managed to get out of bed, and she hadn’t moved her hands from their spot underneath herself. She was pressing her fingers firmly into her groin, wincing at the very small patch of warm wetness she could feel just below her fingertips. She WANTED to go first. She was DYING to go first. But, seeing Emmett in a vulnerable state always made her feel so protective… “Y—You can go first,” she said as the two of them shuffled down the hallway towards the restroom.

‘Do it,’ Emmett’s bladder begged him. ‘Do it, do it! Please? You’re going to explode!’ To emphasize its point, his bladder spasmed and a squirt of urine flowed forth. “Hnnnh…” he whimpered, thighs quivering and straining against his clutched hands. “Y—You’re a guest here,” he whispered. “I— Oh!— I can hold it!”

Nova had been able to hear Emmett’s last leak hissing out of him and knew that he absolutely COULDN’T hold it. But, she could also feel more heat flowing into her own cupped hands and knew that SHE couldn’t last one more minute either… She wished there was a way they could BOTH go. But, since she’d have to sit down, they obviously couldn’t just stand side by side and relieve themselves into the toilet. And she seriously doubted that Emmett would be willing to use the sink as a urinal, no matter how full his bladder was.

She supposed, however, that there was ONE way they could both use the toilet. She could just spread her legs apart some and let him aim his stream in between them. That should work, right? Writhing on the spot, her bladder weakening more and more now that they were at the door to the restroom, she asked Emmett if he liked this idea.

Immediately, he turned bright red. He HAD shared a toilet with another person before a few times. Once had been when he was pretty little and he and another boy both really had to go, but the restroom attached to their classroom only had one toilet. That hadn’t been TOO strange. Emmett had been way too young to feel very bothered by it. There was also one time when he and Dad got stuck in traffic on their way to visit someone, and when they got there neither of them could wait another second. Emmett had been older then and it had felt a LITTLE more uncomfortable, but it was still JUST his Dad so it wasn’t too big of a deal.

The weirdest though was when he and Shelby shared a toilet. Shelby had taught herself how to pee standing up like a guy, which kind of freaked him out, but he supposed it DID make situations like that a little easier.

He knew that doing this with Nova would feel MUCH stranger than any of those experiences had. She was a girl. And, yeah, so was Shelby, but that was different. Shelby could go standing up, which Emmett doubted Nova could. And, Shelby was just his sister. His twin sister. They’d seen each other naked from time to time growing up, and Emmett of course felt no physical attraction towards her. The same couldn’t be said for Nova; He’d never seen those areas of her body before, and he was very, VERY attracted to her.

He was able to get a clear image of his head of how exactly they could use the toilet together. Nova would be sitting right in front of him, her underwear down, her nightgown pulled up, her legs spread apart… And he’d have his dick out. And he’d have to be LOOKING right between her legs in order to aim it properly, and—

Hsss—!

His bladder squeezed in on itself, rejecting yet another tiny spurt of its burden. Emmett’s brain may not have been totally on board with this idea, but his bladder had definitely made up ITS mind already. “… Okay,” he said, and when his voice popped he wasn’t sure if it was from the heinous pressure inside or from the nerves. “Let’s, um… Let’s do that.”

Nova was relieved to hear him agree, but not nearly as relieved as she was about to be. They went into the restroom and Nova groaned at the sight of the toilet. She started to pull up her nightgown and hook her fingers around her underpants, then she stopped. A bead of urine rolled down her legs, but her hands were frozen in place. It had only just now really hit her what she was about to do.

She’d known for a long time that, one day, she would be showing her whole body to Emmett. There was no one else she’d ever want to give her virginity to, and she’d daydreamed about what that would be like many, many times. She was excited for it, and she knew he was as well, but neither of them felt quite ready for it just yet. And, she knew that this was definitely not about to turn into THAT so it wasn’t like she was rushing into something before the right time had come, but still… Even if she knew that both of them would be keeping their hands to themselves, this felt like a new step.

Emmett saw her hesitate and knew what she must have been feeling. He was more than a little apprehensive about whipping it out in front of her right now himself. And, she’d have to expose even more. He couldn’t stop trembling, both from the anxiety at the new and unfamiliar situation and from the intense crushing weight of his full bladder. He was leaking every few seconds now, his bladder crying with need. He didn’t dare say anything about how much he needed to go, however, fearing that the words “I can’t hold it!” that were caught in the back of his throat would end up sounding like he was pressuring her to do something that she wasn’t actually ready to do.

Emmett bit back the whining plea for relief, and instead managed “You don’t have to do this. You can go first. I’ll wait outside.” Another jet of liquid pulsed out at his words, his bladder disagreeing with him but his brain and heart knowing that there were some things more important than his need to urinate.

Nova’s heart started to slow down a little. It was still thrumming loudly in time with the pulsing quakes inside her bladder, but his words were soothing to her. They reminded her that he cared for her, respected her, and would never use this as an excuse to pressure her into something that she didn’t want. “I…” she winced at another gush of lost liquid. “I don’t mind. I trust you,” she said, quickly lowering her underwear, lifting the lid on the toilet and throwing herself down onto it.

Once there, a little spurt of liquid splashed into the bowl below her, but with a cringing moan she made it stop, her legs pressing together. “Hurry!” she begged.

Emmett, who had one hand pressed into his crotch and the other hesitating at the waistband of his pants, fought down his wary shyness and finally lowered them, not wanting her to restrain her body one second longer on his behalf. ‘If she’s willing to… show herself like that, you can do it too,’ he thought. He stumbled closer to the toilet and realized Nova’s legs were squeezing together, giving him nowhere to aim his stream. A small, pale yellow droplet had collected on his tip and he begged it not to fall onto her legs. “I’m ready,” he said. Good God, was his bladder ready…

Blushing, but eager for relief, Nova parted her legs as much as she could, hoping it gave Emmett enough room to release his bladder. As soon as her legs had separated, her own bladder collapsed in on itself and a gush of liquid began to splatter and pulse below her. “Ahhh….” she blushed as a sigh fell from her lips.

Several drops fell from Emmett’s cock, but it took him a few seconds to work himself up to an actual stream. Instinct was yelling at him not to look at the area between Nova’s legs, to not stare at the delicate folds there, to give her privacy as her urine poured out of her body. But, rationally he knew that his bladder was going to burst at any second, and when it did he needed his eyes open and alert. Looking at Nova’s body when she’d already given him permission to do so was obviously a lot better than accidentally peeing onto her would be.

His bladder DID burst just a second later, his hesitant dribbling turning into a tsunami of a stream. “Ohhhh…” he moaned out, beginning to shiver a little with relief. The horrid, pinching burn that had been assailing his opening for the past ten minutes faded away as the pressure drained out of him. He wanted to close his eyes and tip his head back as he gave into the pure relaxation that this utter bliss provided him, but the space he was aiming into was a lot narrower than what he was used to and he had to be extra careful not to get any of his urine where he didn’t want it.

Nova felt less embarrassed about the way she couldn’t stop gasping and sighing when she heard her boyfriend moan like that. He couldn’t help vocalizing how wonderful he was feeling, either. She noticed the pink tinge to his face and knew that the same coloration was no doubt spreading across her cheeks as well. She wanted to tell him not to feel embarrassed; She was peeing in front of him too, after all. But, she couldn’t find her voice, all she could do was keep gasping and trying to catch her breath as her pee ferociously hissed away below her.

Emmett was now running into a different kind of problem. He was peeing, and it felt incredible, but he was also looking at his girlfriend’s half-naked body. And that was causing heat to flow all through his own. He felt dangerously close to… Something. Something that would make it very difficult for him to continue urinating, and something that he really, REALLY didn’t want to have happen when his exposed dick was at Nova’s eye-level.

‘Oh, God… Oh, God…’ he thought, panicked. ‘Don’t let THAT happen. Don’t. Please don’t. Think unsexy thoughts. Think unsexy thoughts. Oh… Oh, God… Um, okay; Roadkill possums. And… And, your history teacher. And— The state governor, yeah. Your history teacher licking jam off the governor’s nipples, and—‘

As Emmett continued trying to flood his mind’s eye with thoroughly unappealing images, Nova’s pee finally slowed to a trickle and faded away, leaving nothing but a delightful emptiness and a slight tingling. Except, Emmett still hadn’t finished up, so she had to keep sitting there as he kept gushing away. And now that her bladder had emptied and she no longer had her own relief to focus on, the fact that she was sitting right there and watching Emmett pee was making her feel strange, just as it had they day she’d seen him go in the woods. It made her feel even stranger this time, actually. They were so close together, and that deep blush on his face was so cute, and the way he was shivering and sighing, making it so obvious how good he felt… She knew it was weird, but she couldn’t help it; Emmett was absolutely adorable when he was urinating.

And, her position granted her a spectacular, breathtaking view of the whole process as well. She tried very, very hard not to, but her gaze kept going back to his dick, watching as his stream steadily pulsed from his pee-hole. It was bizarrely mesmerizing. The jet of pee started to slow down eventually, then receded away entirely. For some reason, she was almost disappointed to see it stop, even though he’d just let out an enormous quantity.

Emmett stood there for a second, shifting on his feet. “Er… I… I have to… Shake it off some now,” he said. “And, I don’t want to… I don’t want to get anything on you, you know?” He backed up and allowed her to stand from the toilet before shaking the last few drops from his tip, then he quickly stuffed his cock back inside his pants. “I… Am SO sorry,” he said. “I hope that wasn’t too uncomfortable for you.”

It hadn’t been uncomfortable for Nova. Aside from the initial shyness at exposing her own body parts, which had only lasted for a bit, she hadn’t minded anything about the experience. She felt much better now that she no longer had to pee so badly, and watching as Emmett’s relief soothed over his usually anxious features had been a nice treat. “It was fine,” she said. “You’re okay with it, right?”

Emmett thought about it. It hadn’t been the most comfortable thing he’d ever done, but it hadn’t been awful either. His bladder was nice and empty, and he’d managed to tamp down the involuntary… reactions that he’d been so worried about. Still, he was a little shocked at himself for doing that when, a few months ago at the mall, he’d been too shy to tell Nova he even NEEDED to pee, much less actually DO it in front of her like that. “I… Well, I mean, I feel a lot better, anyway.”

Nova felt a funny smile forming on her lips and knew she was turning red. “You should!” she said. “You had to go VERY bad, didn’t you? I could tell!” she wasn’t sure what the Hell she was doing, why some part of her wanted to tease him so badly and see him blush. Why some part of her wanted him to talk to her more about this, tell her all about just how much he’d needed to go. Why some part of her really, REALLY wanted to ask him to recount stories to her about other times he’d been desperate to empty his bladder.

“…Yeah,” he said softly. “I… I did, I guess…”

Trying to sound as casual as possible, she asked “Was that the worst you’ve ever had to go? I— I mean, it looked like it was hurting you a bit…”

“No,” Emmett said, blushing. Definitely not the worst. “The day of that field trip was REALLY bad. And, you heard what happened that day we had to take those tests.”

Nova HAD heard. She was glad she hadn’t seen it. She didn’t like seeing Emmett cry and get so upset. She especially didn’t like seeing someone be cruel to him. She liked seeing him feel good. “Is it weird that I think you look cute when you’re…”

“When I’m what?”

“When you’re… Going,” Nova said.

Emmett was blushing more now. “You… Really think I’m cute when I’m peeing? I always thought you were just saying that to make me feel less gross.”

“No,” Nova shook her head. “I mean it, you look… I don’t even know what to call it. It’s adorable.”

“When I’m… Peeing,” Emmett said.

“Yes,” Nova said. “I know, it’s weird. I don’t even know why I like it so much. I think it’s mostly because of how relaxed you get, or something. And, you’re cute when you NEED to go, too. All the squirming, and your eyes get super big and wide, and… I don’t know why it’s so cute, it just… Is.”

Emmett didn’t say anything for a while, and Nova worried that she’d upset him, that he was disgusted that she felt this way. Finally, he said; “…Okay. Now, I’m not like… Upset. Or freaked out now. Or… Anything like that. I can’t say I understand it, but it’s… It’s fine with me if you… I guess, like to watch me pee?”

Nova looked down. “I don’t understand it either,” she said. “And, don’t say it like that. That makes me feel like a pervert.”

“Sorry…” Emmett said. “I didn’t mean it like that.”

“I know you didn’t…”

Emmett sighed, “I guess… I guess a part of me is kind of relieved?” He winced at his own word choice, considering the topic at hand. “I was always so embarrassed to tell you when I had to go, and I thought for sure I’d gross you out if I ever had to do it in front of you for some reason. But… I mean, if you LIKE it, then I don’t have to worry anymore, right?”

“Right,” Nova said. “Thank you for not being mad, or thinking I’m disgusting.”

“I could never think you’re disgusting,” Emmett said. “I’m not going to lie and say I don’t think this is… weird, but it’s okay. I don’t mind it.”

“Thank you,” Nova repeated. “And thank you for not… For not trying to ‘push’ for anything when we had to take some of our clothes off like that.”

“I promise, I won’t ever do something like that if you don’t want to,” Emmett said. “I’m not even ready for that yet myself.”

She felt better hearing him say that. She knew sometimes one person got impatient if their partner didn’t feel up to advancing their relationship quickly enough. But, Emmett recognized that neither one of them was ready for that step yet. It made her more certain that, once it finally came, their first time would be something very special.


*016*2022-11-01 16:09

Written for the Omovember prompt "At A Party". 

*** 

“Emmett, I know it’s not easy for you, but—“ 

“I can’t!” Emmett interrupted his girlfriend, leaping between his feet with his hands crammed between his legs. His bladder was FULL. It was BEYOND full. He had enough liquid in him right now to hydrate an entire football team. He had to PEE. He would do ANYTHING to pee. He would chop off his left arm if it meant he’d get to pee. He would give away his autographed first edition Lord of the Rings collection— his most prized possessions— if it meant he’d get to pee. He would give all of his bank and credit card information to an anonymous email address claiming to be a wealthy Nigerian prince if it meant he’d get to pee. 

But, he would not ever, EVER enter that absolutely revolting, disgusting, crawling-with-at-least-seventeen-deadly-diseases, Hellish, can-smell-it-from-fifty-miles-away portable toilet that had been sitting in the hot Florida sun for God only knew how long. Not even if it meant he’d get to pee. 

He would rather hold it until his bladder grew arms and strangled him to death out of rage than ever do that. 

Nova looked at him sympathetically. She understood that the thought of touching any part of that portaloo— Even just the door— must have been filling him with more terror than he could manage. But, seeing him crumpled over and clutching himself while his entire lower half twisted in endless, urgent motion told her that she had to convince him to go in there anyway. “It’s… I get it, I can’t stand touching those things, eith—“ 

“I can’t!” Emmett repeated. “I’d— I’d have to— I’d have to set my hands on fire to ever feel clean again! I can just hold it!” 

Nova sighed. She wouldn’t be surprised if half the sweat rushing down her boyfriend’s face was actually urine trying to find any possible escape path. No way could he still ‘just hold it’. 

They’d been at a party for one of their classmates all day, Bianca Teller. Neither one of them was very close to her, but she’d scheduled it at a park the two went to often, and on the invitations she’d written that one of Emmett’s favorite bands was going to show up. So, they’d gone. 

Except then it turned out that when Bianca wrote the name of the band performing, what she SHOULD have written was that her younger brother who had taken two weeks of guitar lessons would be attempting to cover some of their songs. He’d tried his best, Emmett was sure of it, but it was still obvious that he’d only been playing a guitar for two weeks. 

There were other events, though. Like carnival style games and competitions. One of which was a punch drinking contest. Emmett usually didn’t like to chug a bunch of liquid all at once, fearful it would upset his stomach, but the prize was a copy of a zombie movie Nova really liked, signed by the director since Bianca’s parents had gone to college with him. Emmett made himself ignore his worries about accidentally making himself sick so that he could win the movie for his girlfriend. 

There was plenty of good news, he DID win the movie, he DIDN’T make himself ill, and the punch itself tasted pretty good anyway. But, half an hour after downing the winning number of sixteen cups of punch, Emmett’s bladder was fuller than any bladder should ever be and he’d made the terrible discovery that the only place in the park he could empty it was in a portable toilet that he’d sooner french-kiss a grizzly bear than ever go inside of. 

Even with as many times as he’d gone to this park, he’d had no idea the bathroom situation was so bad. He’d just never needed to go that much while he was here! But, today he DID have to go ‘that much’. He had to go MORE than ‘that much’, and every few minutes it felt like another one of those fruit punch cups was dumped into his bladder. “I can just hold it,” Emmett repeated, unsure if he was telling Nova or himself. Or if he’d even said the words out loud. He had to pee so badly that he felt sort of delirious. 

“Emmett, I don’t think you can…” Nova said. “I just saw you drink, like, ten cups of punch in under eight minutes.” 

“It was sixteen…” Emmett whimpered, miserably. 

“My point stands.” 

“I—It’s a park,” Emmett stammered, uncrossing his legs and swiftly re-crossing them in the other direction. Then doing that again. And again. And again. His legs wouldn’t stay still! “Tr—Trees everywh—“ 

“People everywhere,” Nova corrected. “Our classmates.” 

“So what?” Emmett said. “I’d rather have them watch me pee than go in there.” 

“You might get in trouble,” Nova pointed out. God, how bad did the poor guy need to go? He was usually the first person to think of every possible way something could go wrong, never one to take unnecessary risks like peeing in a public park in broad daylight where anybody could catch him. 

“I don’t care!” Emmett moaned. 

Okay. Yeah. He was so full that the piss was damaging some part of his brain, whichever area it was that typically made him think through all his decisions as thoroughly as possible. Why couldn’t it have just destroyed whatever part controlled his germ fear for a few minutes? 

“You’ll feel better after…” Nova tried to reason. 

“I wouldn’t!” Emmett insisted. “I— I need to hold it.” 

So, he’d gone from insisting that he was CAPABLE of holding it to just insisting that he HAD to hold it. Nova sighed. Her heart clenched. He was in so much obvious pain, but his fear was stronger than the need for relief. She wished she could help him somehow, and she felt awful that she couldn’t stop thinking about how cute his intense, desperate pee dance was. She’d never seen him quite THIS squirmy before. The need had hit him so suddenly after all that punch that it was like his body was struggling to keep up with itself now. Practically every muscle in him seemed to be mid-spasm. 

Most of the party’s activities were a fair distance away from the smelly portaloo, but still Nova found herself doing her best to shield Emmett from everyone else’s view. Once he was emptied out and finally capable of rational thought, he’d be mortified to realize how blatantly obvious he’d allowed his need to get. 

But, first he needed to GET emptied out, and it was perfectly clear now that there was no way Nova could coax him into using the portaloo. She couldn’t exactly blame him, even people who didn’t have severe contamination anxiety hated touching those things, and she knew Emmett couldn’t HELP his fears, nor could he just spontaneously get over them in a matter of minutes because his bladder really needed him to. 

She glanced around, Emmett was right, there were a lot of trees. Except, all of them had people nearby, or some booth that had been set up for Bianca’s party. Emmett HAD said that he was beyond the point of caring about privacy, but from the brief interaction Nova had had with Bianca’s mother today, she’d made it clear that she was the sort of woman that wanted everything to be absolutely perfect for her daughter’s special day. A little bit before the punch drinking contest, Bianca’s mom had shouted at a man just for walking his dog through the park and allowing it to bark at all the activity. 

Someone whipping it out and pissing an entire ocean against a tree in the middle of the party wasn’t going to fly with her. Nova could already picture the woman screaming at Emmett before he’d even managed to finish up, her face turning red as spit flew from her mouth, just as it had done when she’d yelled at the dog-walker. Emmett HATED being yelled at, it never failed to make him cry, and every time he got in trouble he’d stress out for days, beating himself up over it. 

Emmett’s bladder may have been too full for privacy to matter to him anymore, but he STILL needed a secluded spot to go if he wanted to avoid a lot of yelling, drama and embarrassment once his ability to think finally returned to him. Nova dropped the idea of convincing him to use the portaloo altogether and made finding him a place to discreetly urinate into her new goal. 

The thing was, this park WAS within walking distance of BOTH their houses. It was closer to hers, just a few blocks. A few blocks, and Emmett would have an actual toilet to pee into and nothing left to worry about. But, a few blocks didn’t seem POSSIBLE for his bladder, and she had a suspicion that all that punch hadn’t made it through him yet. There was still more fluid heading down to a container that was already in serious danger of overflowing. 

She needed to find somewhere that was discreet AND extremely close… And she needed to do it FAST. 

There were stores across the street from the park, but they were all small. The ones that DID have public bathrooms made people buy something from them first to be able to use it. She didn’t have any money with her. Emmett looked like he’d trade his life-savings for a piss right now, though… “Do you have any cash?” she asked. “We could try a store…” 

Emmett shook his head. “I left my wallet at home.” He gnawed on his lip and jiggled up and down. “Ohhh, can’t wait… Can’t wait…” 

Nova stared at him a moment longer, her chest aching from how needy he looked. She wanted some way to just make it all better! 

Nova was relieved when she spotted Shelby heading in their direction. She laughed as she took in her brother’s intense pee-dance— hands crammed between his legs, folded over on himself as he shook violently from head to toe. “Found out they only have those nasty portable things here?” 

“You knew that already?” Emmett asked, miserable. “Why didn’t you say anything BEFORE I drank all the punch?” 

“I thought it would be funnier if you found it out on your own,” Shelby said. 

Emmett didn’t think anything about this was remotely funny! He felt like he was going to pee his pants any second now! “Shelby, that’s— Ohhh, I can’t hold it!” 

“Then go pee,” Shelby said. 

“He can’t,” Nova said. “And he can’t help it. We should try to find him another spot.” 

“Jeez,” Shelby said. “You’d really rather wet yourself than be disgusted for a few minutes?” 

Emmett shook his head back and forth. He didn’t want to do EITHER of those things. He looked at the portaloo, the thing that he KNEW would grant untold amounts of relief to his poor bladder, and tried to convince himself that everything would be OKAY if he went inside of it. He could just rush in, unzip, stand super, super still so he didn’t accidentally touch anything, hold his breath… Then, he could push as hard as he could so his piss would all spray out as fast as possible— Maybe even so fast that he could empty out before he ran out of air and had no choice but to start breathing in all the toxins he knew lurked inside that thing. 

But, he’d have to touch the door to open it. And even if Nova or Shelby opened it for him when he went in and came back out, his SHOES were still going to touch the floor in there. He could wash them at home… Which would require touching them with his hands… Which would… 

Nope! 

Unless he spontaneously acquired the ability to levitate within the next few seconds, there was no way he could force himself in there. It was impossible. If he went in, he would have to leave the party IMMEDIATELY after he was finished, so he could pour a whole bottle of Bleach over his shoes and scrub his body in the shower until he was bleeding. He didn’t WANT to do those things, but he knew that he would. He would NEED to. He wouldn’t have an option. He wouldn’t be allowed to make a different decision. He didn’t make the rules, that one messed up part of his brain made them. He only got to follow them. 

 And, right now, the biggest rule was that he wasn’t allowed to relieve himself inside the portaloo unless he wanted to spend the next several hours cleaning himself up, before heading to bed and struggling to sleep as he grew more and more certain that something horrible had seeped its way into his bloodstream anyway and that he would be either dead or terribly sick come morning. 

The thing was, he KNEW these things were illogical. He knew that, if he went in there and peed, chances were he’d be FINE even if he DIDN’T go through the vicious cleaning process he knew his brain would force him to initiate. He knew that, in all likelihood, the only thing the portaloo would give him would be a nice, empty bladder. But, knowing all these things didn’t make him feel better, it didn’t make the screaming in his head go away or even quiet down. 

Peeing his pants actually WAS better than the things his mind would subject him to if he touched any part of that toilet— Even if it was just with his shoes. 

“I— I can’t,” Emmett said. “I need— I need somewhere else… Please?” 

Shelby sighed, “I can understand you not using that thing if you only KINDA needed to go, but… I mean, I’ve seen you nearly have an accident lots of times, and I’d say you have, like, five minutes before you explode right now…” 

“That’s why we should take him somewhere to go,” Nova said. “I don’t think he can make it home— Or to my house, and he can’t use a tree right now either… The stores all charge to use their bathrooms, so we can’t do that…” 

Emmett cringed and started to bend at the knees, still gripping himself so painfully tight. Hearing Nova list off all the places he WISHED that he could piss right now wasn’t helping him at all! He’d give anything to be in his bathroom at home, gushing away. He yearned for everyone else to leave the party so that he could release his waters unnoticed and un-punished onto a tree. He wished Nova lived just a tiny bit closer to the park, so that he’d be capable of walking to her house without drenching his pants. He cursed himself for leaving his wallet at home, he’d spend every last penny he had if it would get him to a toilet! 

He just… He just wanted to pee… 

“Okay…” Shelby groaned. “You really just… CAN’T do this, huh? Well, if you can hold it for a couple more minutes, we can go to the game store across the street.” 

“I don’t have any money,” Emmett reminded. 

“I know,” Shelby said. “But, Eric’s working today. If I’m with you, then I’m sure he’ll let you go even if you can’t pay.” Eric was an employee at the store whom Shelby had been friends with for a long time. 

“O—Okay,” Emmett said, it was the first time something other than desperate pain had entered his voice in a while. 

The walk out of the park and to the other side of the street wasn’t long, but it felt like a massive voyage to Emmett’s poor bladder. He’d stood in one spot for so long that suddenly walking again was making his bladder jiggle painfully. The urine inside him no longer felt like it was sloshing around. His bladder was entirely full now, there wasn’t enough space left inside it for anything to move. His first drip escaped as they waited at a crosswalk, he alternated between walking in place and standing still so he could double over. Neither move helped much anymore. 

A second dribble snaked its way down his length, blooming warmly between his thighs. He stared, expression pained, at the crossing light, trying to will it to change. “Come on…” he mumbled. “Come on, please…” 

Nova had put a hand onto his shoulder, squeezing him gently. “Almost there…” she told him. ‘I wish you’d been able to use the toilet in the park…’ she didn’t add. It wasn’t his fault, she didn’t want to scold him for his refusals. If anything, it just pained her even more to know that his suffering wouldn’t have reached this fevered pitch had his anxiety not been so controlling. Sometimes it seemed like Emmett was in an abusive relationship with his own brain. 

The light changed at last, and Emmett fumbled his way across the street. He felt, with each step, like it was about to be all over. That he would have gotten so close to relief, only to explode and drench himself during the final few minutes. He could still feel his leakage drizzling down his legs, warm droplets trickling out in a nonstop, dribbly trickle. He started to hold his breath, only sucking in air when his lungs REALLY demanded it. Just breathing had become too much for him, every inhale adding another pound of pressure onto his searing bladder. 

Finally, he’d made it to the other side. He looked up and saw Shelby was ahead of him. He stumbled after her, grateful for the comfort of Nova’s hand on his shoulder. If he DID pop and wet his pants, at least he knew she’d be there to make him feel better afterwards. 

Shelby pushed open the door and gave a wave to the guy behind the counter. “Hey, Eric!” she said happily. 

Eric waved back, “Hello there, what brings y— Is your brother okay?” 

“No,” Shelby said. “He needs to pee SUPER bad. Like, his bladder is SO full of piss that he’s about to wet his pants. He’s probably already started doing that, actually.” 

“Shelby…” Emmett whined, twisting his hips and crouching down a little. “Please?! You’re embarrassing me…” 

“I am NOT,” Shelby said. “Anyway, can he use the bathroom here, Eric? He’s definitely gonna pee everywhere if you don’t let him, and then none of the games are gonna work ‘cause they got too wet, and—” 

“Shelby,” Nova groaned. “Stop that.” 

Eric was laughing, but obviously trying very hard to pretend that he WASN’T. “Okay, yeah. Wouldn’t want him to do that…” 

Emmett tried to fight away all the humiliation he felt as he hurried in the direction of the toilets at the back of the store. He felt more liquid slosh out of him as he moved, and he picked up the pace, really not wanting Shelby’s prediction of him ‘peeing everywhere’ to come true. He opened the door and rushed inside, he was so eager to piss that he didn’t bother with locking the door, and was already unbuttoning his pants before he’d located the urinal he needed so much. 

When he spotted it, a loud gush of pee hissed into his boxers just from the sight of it, and he could neither stop peeing nor restrain his leaks back down into little droplets. His bladder didn’t care that he wasn’t QUITE in the right place yet, it had recognized a toilet and had decided that had to be good enough. 

Emmett scrambled to get himself in front of the urinal, tugging down the waistband of his damp boxers and pulling his already-peeing cock out overtop of them. Finally, with his urine landing into the correct place, his shoulders slackened and he sighed loud enough that it echoed off the walls. “Hahhh…” 

Crystal clear pee hissed noisily and furiously into the urinal, making it look like he was letting out pure water. Definitely too much punch… If the suddenness of his immense desperation hadn’t been enough to clue him in, the lack of any coloration in his stream was an obvious indication that he was over-hydrated. 

And, as his release carried on with no end in sight, Emmett thought that ALL sixteen cups were coming out of him right now. It must have been almost a minute so far of nonstop, intense spraying, and still more was pumping its way forth. He didn’t feel like he was close to being done, either. There was still a harsh pressure at the base of his cock, his bladder still sending him signals that it was FULL even though he’d been allowing it to empty for so long already. 

His body was going so relaxed, and as he started to feel a weird, sort of floaty sensation from the relief, he thought back to his earlier wish for the power of levitation. He felt so light now that he felt like he actually could fly… 

Nearly another full minute passed before his flow slackened down to a dribble and slowly stopped. He kept standing where he was, however, unsure if he was really emptied yet. One more squirt of pee shot out of him. Then another. Then a third. And then, he finally couldn’t get any more out. He staggered back as he fumbled himself back into his pants and zipped them, struggling to re-adjust to a world where he wasn’t about to explode. 

He washed his hands for a while with hot water, and splashed some of it on his face as well. He felt dizzy, exhausted, and so relieved that he was surprised he was still able to stand up. He felt a cold, clammy sensation encasing his length and cringed as he recalled the leaks he’d been unable to hold at bay. He knew that feeling was of his own pee starting to dry from his clothes… He glanced down at himself, noticing a small dark spot next to his zipper. 

From how wet the insides of his pants felt though, he thought he was pretty lucky that was ALL that was showing… 

He… Really wanted to change out of these clothes, though. His boxers felt gross, and the more he kept thinking about how his skin was coming into contact with his own urine, the more he wanted to change. Not to mention that damp patch, while small, was in an incredibly obvious place. Everyone at the party had seen him chugging down all that punch, they all knew it had needed to go somewhere afterwards. And— He shuddered now at the realization— a lot of them had probably seen him pee-dancing by the portaloo earlier, too. Maybe they’d even heard him moaning and whining about how he couldn’t use it, but couldn’t hold his bladder any longer, either. Before, he’d been so focused on keeping his pee inside himself where it belonged that he hadn’t THOUGHT about how he must have looked, but now it was ALL he could think about. 

If he went back to the party now, walked around everyone who’d seen him chug sixteen cups of punch, a few of whom had definitely seen and heard him having an emergency shortly afterwards… If he went back around all those people NOW with a wet spot over the crotch of his pants, it would be clear as day that he HADN’T totally made it in time. 

Home. Home was good. 

Covering his crotch up with his hand, he left the restroom. Eric was still behind the counter, “Um… You okay?” he asked. “You were in there for so long, I was worried you’d… Um…” 

“He thought you pissed your pants the instant you saw the toilet and that he was gonna have to mop it all up,” Shelby said. 

“I— I didn’t!” Emmett protested. “I’m fine! Just… Took a while, that’s all!” 

“You’re alright?” Nova asked. “Feel better?” She was curling her hands into fists. She’d… Maybe stood a little closer to the restroom door than she should have. She’d heard his stream blasting out with an impressive force, had heard it gushing away for an amazing length of time, had heard his… Adorable, little moan as he’d let it out. She just wished she could have seen the look of relief on his face, it must have been unbearably cute! 

“Y—Yeah,” Emmett said. “Way better.” 

Nova hugged him against her. “Aww, good!” 

Emmett blushed. “Heh, yeah… I wanna go home now, though… Um…” he lowered his voice. “A little… A little came out before I was ready for it to…” 

Nova didn’t stop hugging him, even after he’d confessed to wetting his pants a tiny bit. That made him feel even better than peeing had. 

*018*2022-11-03 02:29

{{5 hours ago, hydroStorm said: 

Always love to see Emmett storys, you're incredible at writing 

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you like him 🙂 He'll be getting two more fics this month! 

*020*2022-11-06 00:53

{{6 hours ago, Alex62 said: 

Amazing stories! Well written! I’m glad Devon got what as coming to him. Karma is a bitch 😂 I just wish Emmett would pee his pants more. Hopefully that will change in future stories. 

}}

I'll be sure to write some more wettings for him in upcoming chapters 🙂 

*022*2022-11-07 19:46

{{On 11/5/2022 at 8:52 PM, Schmeigar said: 

I've been a quiet reader of your stories for quite a while now and just want to tell you that you are AMAZING! For real. There is so much variety from you alone and you do an excellent job on everything! Especially this story grew to my heart since Emmett is kinda similar to me both from shyness and the hygiene aspect (I'm not that extreme though).

Also I've wondered. Is Devon going to show up again? He is somewhat of an antagonist here and I've wondered what happened to him after he got what he kinda deserved. 

}}

Glad you like these! 

Devon will be coming back once I do some more school chapters. 

*023*2022-11-08 20:15

Written for the Omovember prompt "Public Pool". 

*** 

Emmett liked to swim, and he loved going to the water park. The only problem was, going there required him to turn off certain parts of his brain. If there was one place he knew he SHOULD be uncomfortable, it was in a big vat of water that was full of tons of people, many of whom could have been sick recently, some of whom may lose a band-aid and leave it drifting through the pool, and others who would cough or sneeze into the water. 

But, the peculiar thing was, when he was at the water park— or the neighborhood pool, or the ocean, sometimes even just out in the rain— and he told himself to stop thinking about something and calm down… He ACTUALLY stopped thinking about it and calmed down. He didn’t understand what it was, but being anywhere near a large amount of water just naturally soothed him. The anxious corners of his mind would say “Why are you here? You’re swimming in a petri dish. Get out and clean yourself. Now.” And he’d tell those thoughts “Go away, I’m having fun.” And then it WOULD go away. Just like that! It was so strange, and he didn’t understand why it couldn’t work that way all of the time. 

Maybe it was the sound that water made, or just the fact his brain associated water with cleanliness, or the way it felt on his body. He didn’t know the reason, he just knew that water, and being close TO it, calmed him down. 

He’d been at a small indoor waterpark with Shelby and Nova for a few hours now, and was starting to feel one of the less pleasant effects of being surrounded by water— It made him need to use the restroom more often. 

Making himself use a public toilet was easier at the water park too, though. The swimming shoes he was required to wear while inside the park had thick bottoms that he trusted to protect his feet from any contamination while he was in there. And, this park had one of the urinals directly between the door and the sinks. Most guys would bemoan how un-private that was, but Emmett didn’t mind. With all the places he had to go being so close together, he could hold his breath and get in and out quickly enough that he didn’t have to inhale again. 

The hard part was just informing the others of where he was going. He and the girls were playing in the wave pool, and Emmett actually failed to notice he needed a pee break until one of the waves slammed against his midsection and he felt his bladder spasm wildly. Suddenly, he went from not realizing he had a bladder at all, to tightening his thighs in an attempt to prevent it from bursting. When had THAT happened? He’d been having so much fun, the steady build up in pressure had failed to register. 

Nova noticed the concerned look pass over his face and asked what was wrong. 

“N—Nothing,” Emmett said, blushing. He headed to the side of the pool. “I’ll be back in a minute.” 

“Where are you going?” Shelby asked. “I haven’t dunked you under water enough times yet today. You can’t leave.” 

“I’ll be right back!” Emmett said. “I just need to pee!” 

“Then why are you getting out of the pool?” 

Emmett sighed. “Because it’s kind of urgent?” he offered, annoyed. The more he TALKED about this, the worse he was needing to go. Why did he have to get interrogated just because his bladder was full? 

“Yeah, but why don’t you just piss in the pool?” 

“That’s disgusting,” Emmett said. 

“It’s chlorinated,” Shelby said. “It doesn’t matter.” 

“It does to me, alright? I don’t want to swim in pee.” 

“Hate to break it to you,” Shelby told him. “But, you already are.” 

“Shelby!” Emmett snapped. “Did you just—“ He cut himself off. The water didn’t feel any warmer than before. 

“No,” Shelby said. “Don’t have to go now. But, everybody else has probably pissed in it.” 

Emmett turned away from her. He knew, deep down, that she was likely correct. Most people probably DID pee in pools, even if they didn’t admit to it. It was just another one of those things he didn’t think about, one of those things he banished from his brain, and one of those things he was actually ABLE to ignore because swimming was just so very relaxing to him. He didn’t appreciate being REMINDED about it, though. 

“Well, I’m not going to,” Emmett said. “I’m going to use the toilet. Like a normal person.” 

“Normal people pee in pools,” Shelby corrected. 

“They don’t!” Emmett insisted as he reached the edge of the pool. 

Nova raised her hand, “I haven’t ever done it!” she said. 

“That’s great…” Emmett said, climbing out and sucking in a sharp, pained gasp as his lower body left the water. 

Wow… He’d thought his situation was bad before, but that was nothing compared to what he was feeling now! It was like another cup of liquid had just been dumped directly into his stretching bladder, filling it up and making it spasm. He realized that being in the pool had actually been HELPING him a little bit. It had diminished the effect gravity had upon his bladder, creating a bit of a buoyant effect that he hadn’t noticed before. Now that the pressure of the water had been taken away, gravity was slamming on top of him with full force, trying to pull his pee downwards. 

His hands immediately fluttered around near his waist, palming his crotch for just a moment before he forced them back by his sides instead. He really had to hurry if he wanted to stay dry— 

Er… 

He really had to hurry if he wanted to make sure he only stayed wet in the way that he LIKED. 

There was only about a minute long walk between his current position and the men’s room. Every step hurt, the slick puddles all over the ground kept almost making him slip, and each time his bladder would jolt and crash hard within him. The sound of all the rushing water was no longer as soothing as he made himself keep walking. 

He rounded a corner, a relaxed smile spreading his face. Almost there. He was so close. The pressure would all be gone very soon, he was finally going to— 

Oh. 

Crap. 

His eyes had settled upon the little yellow triangle in front of the men’s restroom, designating that it was closed for cleaning. His bladder cramped up as he took in the sight, he hurried to the door anyway, then shifted from foot to foot in front of it. How long had they been cleaning it? Would they be done soon? He bounced a couple times, and when he heard a flush from the women’s room he nearly doubled over. He couldn’t believe that he hadn’t noticed he needed to pee sooner! It was an emergency now and he’d barely had time to react! 

He hesitantly knocked on the door, and a janitor opened it a second later. “Uh—Um… H—How much longer is it g—going to take?” he managed to ask. He felt so awkward talking to strangers in a NORMAL situation, telling one that he needed the bathroom badly was so much harder! 

“We just started a few minutes ago,” the janitor said. “It will be about an hour.” 

Emmett worried at his lip. Every muscle inside of him was clenching. His arms and legs had gone stiff. His shoulders were rigid. His thighs were straining… “Uh— er… I… I need to… I have to pee,” his voice got softer with each word. “It’s sort of… Um… Bad.” He noticed that he’d started to step in place again, and tried to stop. Then, he realized it probably helped illustrate the severity of his need a little better, so he allowed himself to squirm. “Is… Could I maybe—“ 

“Sorry,” the janitor said. “We got all the cleaning chemicals and stuff out. It’s gonna be a while.” 

Emmett winced, his hand pressing against his crotch for a second again as his hips swayed. “O—Okay…” he said. “Is there another restroom somewhere?” This was the only one he’d ever SEEN at this small park, but maybe he’d just missed a second one. 

“No,” the janitor said. “But, hey. Could be worse. At least you’re at a pool, right?” 

Emmett blinked. Was the janitor seriously suggesting that he— 

“Oh, and if you ever heard that thing about pee-detecting colored dye in swimming pools,” the janitor said. “It’s a myth. Don’t worry about it.” he laughed. “Knock yourself out.” 

And then, the door was shut again. The urinals blocked off, and Emmett still as full as ever. 

What was he supposed to do NOW?! He couldn’t make it another hour, his bladder was twitching and spasming, and it was taking everything he had not to grab himself and start dancing around even more obviously than he already was. 

He just needed to distract himself, that was all. He hurried back to the wave pool, every last step sending extremely painful vibrations up through his legs and straight to his overburdened bladder, shaking the pee within him every time one of his feet touched the ground. 

He nearly slipped on a puddle again, and a spurt of pee squirted into his swimming trunks. He totally froze, stock-still, eyes widening as he squeezed his thighs together. One warm trail of liquid dribbled down his legs, feeling especially pronounced when it was surrounded by so many cold droplets of water. 

With a pained groan, he forced himself to start moving again. He made it back to the pool and got back in. There was a bit of relief in that, the water once more aiding him in his fight against gravity. He didn’t feel QUITE so close to exploding anymore. Plus, he could hold himself beneath the water and it would be harder for other people to see what he was doing. 

Shelby and Nova swam closer to him. “Feeling better?” Nova asked him. 

For a second, he thought about lying to her and pretending that his toilet trip HAD been perfectly successful. He knew it wouldn’t be long before his body was forcing him to squirm again, though, so he shook his head. “They’re cleaning the bathroom right now. I have to wait,” he explained. 

“So, you gonna piss in the pool now?” Shelby asked. 

Emmett glared at her, squeezing his crotch more firmly against several harsh, throbbing bolts of pain coming from within. “No! I’m not going to pee in the pool, alright?” 

“I thought you had to go real bad, though?” 

“I do,” Emmett said. “I’m just gonna have to hold it. I barely even noticed I had to go when we were swimming, let’s do that again.” 

“You’re being silly,” Shelby said. “Just pee. No one will even know.” 

Emmett shook his head, because that wasn’t true at all. HE would know that he’d urinated in the water, even if nobody else noticed it. And, he had to WORK not to think about the fact OTHER people had probably peed here. He had to banish the thoughts from his brain every so often so that he could focus on having fun. If HE peed in the pool himself, he wouldn’t be able to stop thinking about how he was swimming in urine. He’d KNOW. Every inch of him would KNOW, and he’d feel grimy and disgusting and just like that he’d have ruined the park for himself forever. 

“Shelby,” Nova said. “If he doesn’t want to pee in the pool, he doesn’t have to.” She took him by the arm and led him towards the deeper end of the pool. “Let’s have a race, okay?” she said. “That will take your mind off it.” 

Emmett agreed, and they were off. 

But, it DIDN’T take his mind off of his need. If he’d thought walking around with a bloated bladder was a challenge, SWIMMING while desperate to piss should have been an Olympic sport all on its own. Every kick made him feel closer to leaking, his legs were forced to spread apart and his muscles grew weaker with each pump. Not being able to press his legs together was very painful, and with his arms busy helping him maneuver through the water, his hands couldn’t grasp onto his dick anymore like he NEEDED them to! 

Oh, it felt like the urine was right at the edge of his urethra, like it wouldn’t take any effort at all to let it out… 

But, he couldn’t. He couldn’t let it out. He couldn’t, he couldn’t, he couldn’t! He didn’t want to submerge his body into a place where he’d voided his own waste. That was absolutely revolting. His skin was crawling just THINKING about it! It would feel like swimming in a toilet— Or a sewer! He couldn’t do it! 

“I win!” Nova declared as she reached the wall. Emmett made it there a few seconds later, one hand holding onto the wall while the other clamped onto his cock, his legs crossing back and forth beneath the water. “Heh, first time I’ve ever beaten you!” 

Emmett looked away. “Well, I am a little weighed down right now…” he mumbled. His bladder felt so heavy, like it was going to pull him down to the bottom of the pool if he released his hold on the wall. 

Nova frowned. Truth be told, she’d actually suggested they have a race because she’d thought swimming around, doing a full body workout, would put so much pressure on Emmett’s abdomen that he’d pee and stop hurting himself. Apparently not. “You need to go really bad?” she asked. She knew the answer, but she wasn’t questioning him just to tease him, not this time. She did genuinely feel bad, this was a terrible situation for him. 

“Yeah,” Emmett nodded, clinging to the wall as the sound of water splashing against water, lapping the sides of the pool and sloshing against his body seemed to grow louder and louder. All the noises went directly from his ears to his bladder. “H—Has it been an hour yet?” 

Nova shook her head. “Sorry… I’ll tell you when I think it’s been long enough.” 

Emmett turned around and pressed himself against the wall, trying to place some pressure against his tired sphincters. He fought not to squirm against the rough material, he didn’t want to cut himself on it. 

“Want to do another lap?” Nova asked. 

Emmett shook his head. “I can’t. I’ll explode.” 

‘That’s the idea…’ Nova thought, but she said “Wanna go back to the shallow end, then?” 

That, Emmett agreed with. He didn’t swim on his front again this time, that would be well beyond what his bladder could take. Instead, he swam on his back until he was on the shallow end. His bladder throbbed tyrannically once he’d made it there, begging him to let it relax as soon as possible. He crossed his legs beneath the water and jiggled, shifting from side to side. Every time he moved, water sloshed against his abdomen, bashing against his bladder and trying to prompt a release. “Nnnh..” he whimpered, clutching his crotch with both hands to keep his flood at bay. 

He couldn’t pee in the pool! He couldn’t let himself do that! Ever! 

Besides, he felt SO full right now that he was sure letting his bladder spill would OVERFLOW the entire pool and they’d have to close it! 

“Emmett,” Shelby said, floating on her back beside him. “Just pee here. It’s real easy.” 

“It’s not that I don’t know how to!” Emmett snapped. 

“Shelby, leave him alone about it,” Nova said. “He doesn’t HAVE to do that.” 

“Sure looks like he does…” Shelby remarked. 

Emmett was curling in on himself, gripping the crotch of his swimming trunks and gnashing his teeth. He was clutching himself so tight that it was painful. “I— I can’t…” he whimpered out. “I can’t hold it…” 

“Then GO,” Shelby said. “Sheesh. I’m, like, ninety percent sure urine’s sterile. Hell, we can get outta this pool after you’re done and go to a different one if that makes you feel better.” 

Emmett opened his mouth to argue. He wanted to say that the wave pool was his FAVORITE one here, and that if he was going to soil one of them, he wanted it to be a DIFFERENT one. But, he stopped himself. Getting out of the water was going to make the painful effect of gravity take hold again, and he COULDN’T let go of his dick anymore without pissing. He didn’t know if he could WALK to another pool, and even if he could, his problem would be obvious— And the solution would be as well when he suddenly relaxed once he was in the water. 

He hated himself for this, but he HAD to relieve himself right where he was. He just had to hope that it didn’t turn out as awful as he thought it was going to. “O—Okay…” he said. “I’ll… I’m sorry. I can’t wait…” He was apologizing to HIMSELF for what he was about to do. He released his crotch from his hands, and forced his legs to untwist, then he told himself that it was time to pee. 

A few seconds passed. 

Then thirty. 

Then an entire minute. 

Then another. 

Emmett’s bladder stayed full. His opening seemingly welded shut now that he’d given his body permission to let go. 

“Um… Feeling a little better?” Nova asked finally. 

Emmett shook his head. 

“You must feel at least a TINY bit better…” 

“I…” Emmett struggled. “Um… I can’t…” 

“You can,” Nova encouraged. “I know this feels gross, but you’ll—“ 

“No,” Emmett said. “I mean… I mean I… I can’t.” 

“You can!” Nova said. “No one will notice, and like Shelby said we’ll just swim somewhere else for the rest of the day— And there’s rides we haven’t been on yet, too! Even if you don’t wanna stay here after—“ 

“That’s not what I—“ Emmett cut himself off. “I mean… I’m telling myself to pee right now, and… It’s not letting me go.” 

“What’s not letting you go?” 

“I— I don’t know!” Emmett said, frustrated. He realized he’d spoken too loudly when he noticed a group of kids staring. He lowered his voice. “But, I’m trying to go, and I just can’t.” It should have been so simple! The sound of trickling, sloshing water all around him, taunting him with thoughts of relief. But his body didn’t want to release! His body didn’t want to let him pee where it knew he wasn’t supposed to! He made a quiet, low noise of frustration. “I can’t do it…” 

“Ohhh,” Nova said, finally understanding. “You mean you… Can’t.” 

Emmett shook his head, miserable as he did his best to relax, to unclench his aching muscles, to achieve the relief he was dying for. He didn’t understand it— Water was so relaxing! It should be nice and easy to pee here, especially when he had to go so badly! “H—Has it been an hour yet?” he asked desperately. He was not looking forward to trying to run from the pool to the restroom without exploding, but since his bladder was choosing to be stubborn right now he believed he’d be able to make it. If he couldn’t piss his trunks deliberately, that meant he couldn’t do it by accident, right? 

“It hasn’t,” Nova said apologetically. 

“Try thinking about water,” Shelby suggested. 

Emmett stared at her. 

“Right… I guess that’s not working for you?” Shelby gathered. 

“It’s not,” Emmett said. “I— I don’t think my body will let me pee anywhere that isn’t a toilet.” 

“That’s not true,” Shelby said. “You pissed out your window once. And in a bathtub. And in a bottle. And on trees. And—“ 

“Well, I can’t HERE!” Emmett interrupted. Again he flinched when he saw other people turning to look at him. He hoped they hadn’t figured out what he was talking about… 

“I bet you can,” Shelby said. 

Emmett had returned to clutching at his dick. He didn’t mean to, he knew that doing so would make it even harder to pee, but the pressure of his hands against his opening made the pain a little less severe, brought him the smallest fraction of relief. It didn’t last long though, when the waves started back up in the pool, he felt a full body shudder and gasped as his bladder pulsed sharply. A dribble of urine burst past his trembling sphincters and instinctively he clenched up his muscles to make it stop. Then groaned when he was successful. He shouldn’t have done that! He should have allowed it to keep pouring out! 

“Why don’t you just freaking piss?” Shelby asked. 

“I’m trying!” Emmett whined. “I almost— I almost did it, but I can’t get it to work.” 

“How about you try taking some deep breaths,” Nova said. 

Emmett did as she’d instructed, but all he accomplished was ensuring that the walls of his bladder felt even more irritated and stretched out than they had before. “Has it been an hour yet!?” he pleaded when he realized the deep breathing was getting him nowhere. 

“No…” Nova said. “Just… Forget about how long it’s been, and try to concentrate on going for now.” 

“That’s all I CAN concentrate on,” Emmett moaned. 

Nova reached for him beneath the water. “Hold my hand, maybe?” she offered. “That helps you relax, right?” 

“Y—Yeah, sometimes,” Emmett agreed, clutching her hand tightly. “B—But, if I… If I start…” 

“It’s okay,” Nova said. “Focus on relaxing yourself right now.” 

Emmett tried. He shut his eyes and tried to block out everything that wasn’t the feeling of Nova’s hand in his own, that wasn’t the sound of all the hissing, trickling water. Anything that wouldn’t help him pee, he tried his best to ignore. 

Finally, he felt urine rush down his urethra, creating a small bit of warmth in the water surrounding the tip of his cock. He flinched at the sensation, the liquid he was submerged in was growing warm from the heat of his own bodily fluids. Gross, gross, gross! He was soiling the water, soiling HIMSELF, and he’d done this on purpose! 

The worst part was how, underneath all the visceral disgust, this felt wonderful. His swollen bladder was loosening up, becoming less bloated as it emptied. The tension that had been twirling through his belly and roosting to the base of his dick was fading away. It didn’t take long for his hesitant trickling to turn into a harsh deluge, and he half expected it to begin making a torrential hissing noise. It didn’t, of course, and that only reminded him even more of the fact that he was actually relieving himself in the pool. 

His eyes flew back open and he shuddered, unsure if it was with revulsion or relief. He was so sickened by himself, so nauseated by the feeling of his pee warming all the water around him. But, at the same time, he was so, so, so freaking grateful to be GOING. It was so intense, so much better, urinating for the first time in hours. 

The relief was nearly great enough for him to forget where he was, forget that he was defiling the water, forget that someone might be looking at him and realizing exactly what he was doing. After a moment, all he could understand was that he was PEEING and that it was one of the best feelings in the world. Everything else vanished from his brain. 

After well over a minute of him just peeing and peeing and peeing, his stream started to fade. Emmett released a long overdue sigh of relief, pushing to get the last few spurts out of his body. Slowly, his brain started to regain its function. The first thing he felt was the unsettling heat of the water he was submerged in. “Yiiiick…” he muttered, dying to get out of this pool. 

Nova laughed at the sound of his whining. “Guess that means you’re done…?” she asked. 

Emmett jumped, remembering now that he was still holding her hand, and that meant a lot of his piss had probably washed onto her as well. “I’m sorry…” 

“Don’t be,” Nova said. “I’m just glad you finally went. I was starting to get worried.” 

“Yeah,” Shelby said. “It would suck if we had to leave the park early because you exploded your bladder and needed to go to the hospital.” 

“Shelby, I don’t think it can ACTUALLY explode,” Emmett said, hurrying out of the pool. “Just feels like it sometimes… Come on, I want to go on more slides now and forget about this.” 

“Hold on,” Shelby said. “I have to piss too.” 

“Shelby, no…” Emmett complained. “The women’s bathroom is OPEN, you don’t have t—“ 

“Ahhh…” Shelby sighed as she apparently started to urinate in the water. “Hang on, if the women’s room isn’t closed, why didn’t you just say it was an emergency and ask if you could use IT?” 

Emmett stared at her, struggling to come up with a response. 

“Did you seriously just not even think of that?” 

“I… I didn’t,” Emmett admitted. “Next time though, I guess…” 

