LoZ Wind waker arylls desperation

Author: RyuRyan

*000*2012-08-30 12:34

It hadn’t been long since Link’s younger sister, Aryll, had been rescued from the Forsaken Fortress, and had been sailing with Tetra’s crew ever since. She just waited for link to finish his quest so they could go back to their home on Outset Island. She was young and blonde, and had her normal blue dress with multiple flower printings on it. She sighed while looking out into the sea as the waves splashed against the ship and rocked it back and forth. The sunset was reflected in the water, and the sky began getting darker and darker as the sun went down.

Aryll felt a hand on her back. She looked behind her and saw Tetra in her usual blue vest with a red neckerchief. Her blonde hair seemed a bit shinier in the sunset’s light. “Hey, kid, something wrong?” Tetra asked knowing Aryll had only been with them a few days. “Oh hey, Tetra… I’m just worried for my brother…” she responded to her. Tetra scratched her head, trying to think for a second on what to do until she had an idea. “Well you do have nothing else to do, so you need something to keep your mind off him. How would you like to work for my crew?” Tetra offered her. Aryll was just thinking it over as the night began setting in.

“Yeah, sure… I guess,” Aryll responded as she shook Tetra’s hand and smiled. “Alright kid, though you won’t get paid as much as the rest of the crew, got it?” Tetra asked Aryll. She sighed, but she nodded, understanding why she had to get less pay. Tetra patted her on the back. “Alright, go get some sleep,” she told her before they both walked off and headed to their rooms for the night.

Aryll just lied down. She was trying to sleep but she ended up tossing and turning in her bed. She was unable to sleep because she was excited for tomorrow to start working and helping the pirates. She just sat up irritated as she began wandering the ship during the night. Soon she came across the galley and saw a pirate in green shirt with a red bandanna, putting up barrels which appeared to have grog and ale filled in them.

“Hey, Gonzo,” Aryll greeted him. Gonzo was Tetra’s right hand man for when she needed something he’d normally be the one to help. “Oh, Aryll, I didn’t know you were still up,” Gonzo responded, surprised that she was up as late as she was.

“Yeah, sorry, I just wanted a drink or something to help get me to sleep,” she responded rubbing her eye. Gonzo rubbed the back of his head. “Sorry, but our water ran out. We only got grog and ale, and Tetra would tie me to the mast for a week if I let you even take a drop of that,” he said, apologizing that they had no other drinks.

Aryll sighed as Gonzo scratched his chin and snapped his fingers with an idea. He dug around in a box and pulled out a jar with Red Chu Chu Jelly in it. He handed it to her. “There you go. Normally it’s drank as a healing potion but it should quench your thirst just as good,” Gonzo claimed before walking away. He headed back to his own room, tired from the long night of working hard and to the bone like usual from Tetra.

Aryll however noticed a label on the jar, which was written, ‘This was written by The-Armored-Toad at deviantart.com, and proofread by The-Irish-Clover of deviantart.com.’ She didn’t know what it meant, thinking it was a label they put on all their potions, but she asked herself how a potion could possibly be written or proofread. She shrugged it off as she popped the cork off and began drinking it. Aryll smiled happily once she finished the red potion and put it away in the box before she headed back to bed for the night.

Early the next morning, Aryll was resting until she heard a loud creak and got shaken awake. She saw Tetra standing there in a red rain slicker jacket. “Hey, Aryll, we need some help above deck,” Tetra said to Aryll. She nodded and jumped up, not caring about her messed up hair as she put on her blue rain slicker and followed Tetra above deck on the ship. From what they saw, a heavy storm had rolled in, rain was pouring and the ship was rocking from the heavy sea’s wrath. Gonzo was trying to keep the sail steady and other crew members were trying to keep cargo from falling overboard or trying to keep the ship unharmed.

Aryll noticed a pressure from her bladder. She gulped, starting to regret the Chu Chu Jelly she had drank last night as it was starting to catch up to her. “What do you need me to do, Tetra?” she asked her in concern. Tetra pointed her to the steering wheel. “Just keep it from moving the best you can,” Tetra responded and patted her on the shoulder before running off to help her crew. Aryll gulped while climbing up the steps and got behind the steering wheel. The rain was sliding down her coat and pelting onto the floor. It just reminded her of her bladder’s growing need for relief, and it tended to remind her that it needed to go soon.

Aryll couldn’t just leave at a time like this as she saw the steering wheel about to spin. She grabbed it, gritting her teeth as she tried to keep it still. The wheel felt like it was trying to continuously turn. Aryll struggled to keep it steady, but she suddenly felt a twinge from her bladder. A spurt of urine escaped her and went into her underwear. She gasped, crushed her thighs together and threw a hand into her crotch, while trying not to lose control. The wheel’s strength was stronger than her one arm could handle and spun out of her grip. The ship radically went to the right and scraped against a rock.

“What are you doing up there!? Keep it steady!” Gonzo shouted while he was holding onto a rope, trying to tie it down. Aryll just gulped, removing her hand from her girlhood as she grabbed the steering wheel again and tried to keep it straight. She was just glad there was no water damage to the side of the ship.

It didn’t take much longer for the storm to pass as Aryll was panting. Before long she noticed Tetra and Gonzo sitting by the front of the ship after fixing the sail and getting through the storm, and they were trying to catch their breath. While they were distracted and the ship was finally at ease, Aryll lifted up her rain slicker and dress to check out her damage. She saw a dark spot on her white panties. She quickly covered them back up and blushed. Aryll didn’t hesitate to remove her rain slicker and head back down to the bathroom in the lower level of the ship.

When Aryll arrived to the bathroom, she tried to open it but groaned when the door wouldn’t open. “H-hey, who’s in there?” Aryll squealed in agony from feeling her full bladder’s pent up urine. Her urethra was burning from her pee, needing to be released desperately. “Aye, I might be in here a while,” she heard a man respond. It was Niko, another crew member on the ship who normally ran training for the crew.

Aryll just cringed, clamping her crotch with her hands and crossing her legs as she tried to hold it in while waiting for Niko to get out of the only bathroom on the ship. Usually if the boys had to go, they would go off the side of the ship, but Aryll couldn’t do that. “Ahoy, we’re docking on Windfall Island,” Tetra said as she came down to Aryll, who was just starting to have tears welling in her eyes as she straightened up, trying not to let her know of her desperate need to relieve her bladder. She stood straight in front of her.

“Come on, I’ll take you to the coffee shop to celebrate. You deserve it,” Tetra said, claiming she was taking the crew to Windfall’s Coffee Shop before planning to get supplies. Aryll gulped, thinking she could use the Coffee Shop’s bathroom, but was worried she would not be able to hold her bursting bladder during the trip. While Aryll was trying to keep her composure she accidently let out a spurt of urine that went into her underwear. She knew she had to do something or Tetra would find out. “L-let’s go then,” Aryll said nervously as she followed Tetra from behind.

As Aryll got above deck, she was having trouble keeping up with Tetra from crushing her thighs together secretly, and whenever she got a chance she’d grab her crotch with her hand as tight as she could for relief, but she was mostly gritting her teeth and trying to hold her pent up pee long enough to make it to the coffee shop. The crew had already left for it as the two began making their way through Windfall Island.

Tetra and Aryll were walking through the calm peaceful island. The town shops were open and the people were walking about on the streets. Aryll was trying to keep up with Tetra, still crushing her thighs together and slowly ending up behind a while and gulping, always having to break her legs apart and rush to catch up, but Aryll eventually stopped. Tetra heard her feet hit the ground harder than usual. When she turned around she saw Aryll clamping her crotch with both hands extremely hard while biting her lip.

“Kid, what’s wrong?” Tetra asked her. Aryll just sniffled, embarrassed to admit it but she had no choice, now that she was putting on an embarrassing display in front of her ‘captain’. “Um… I-I haven’t gone to the bathroom s-since last night, a-and I stole a Chu Chu Jelly when I got thirsty. N-niko was holding up the bathroom and I need to go… r-right now!” Aryll explained with her shrill voice how she was about to burst. Her warm urine was teasing her pee hole for release at this point.

Tetra nodded understanding her predicament as she looked around, seeing an alley nearby. “Listen, you go in the alley and I’ll just look out, in case anyone starts coming,” Tetra offered her. Aryll was unsure about it, embarrassed to go in public even if it was a secluded area. It didn’t feel right but she didn’t feel she had much a choice as another spurt of urine escaped Aryll and went into her underwear. She cringed and rushed right into the alley. Tetra kept to the front of the alley to stay on guard for her.

Aryll walked to the back of the alley in the darkest part. Before looking around she squatted down and lifted up her blue dress, seeing her very damp white panties that now had a big dark spot on the front of it. She pulled her panties down to her knees and stayed squatting, thinking she’d be able to release easily.

Aryll stayed squatting in place for a little but nothing happened, no splashing sound at all. Aryll just groaned, trying to think of something to help her release her pee. She was not used to going in public, which was what was causing her to not be able to go. She began thinking of Fossett’s running water hoses, rain and waterfalls before she felt a spurt of urine escape her urethra and splash against the ground. Aryll was about to release completely until she heard a ‘meow’ noise.

Aryll gulped, seeing a cat walking around the alley as well. Aryll tried to ignore it and continue to relieve herself but was unable to release her pee. The cat made her uncomfortable with how it watched her.

Aryll just sighed, standing up and pulling up her underwear. The warm dampness felt somewhat nice but Aryll shook it off, rushing to Tetra with her hands on her crotch. “Well are you done?” Tetra asked. Aryll shook her head, saying she wasn’t. In fact, all the thoughts of water and the spurt she had released made her need to go even more, like it was sending a false message to her brain to release her grip on her bladder. “T-there was a cat, a-and I couldn’t go,” Aryll said. Tetra sighed in disappointment. “Come on, let’s just hurry to the coffee shop,” Tetra offered. She nodded and dashed ahead with her hands on her crotch, not caring about who saw as long as she could relieve herself.

Tetra was following as Aryll slowly began leaking. She let out a spurt of urine that splashed a bit into her panties, dribbling down her leg. She groaned in agony as the warm urine ran down her left leg into her shoe. She was starting to let out longer and longer spurts of urine as Aryll let out another spurt, but it was a lot longer than the last. It nearly overflowed her panties and ended up flowing down her legs. As they arrived to the Coffee Shop, Tetra opened the door as they both entered.

Tetra’s crew was drinking happily, getting drunk on grog and ale. The splashing and seeing of the drinks made Aryll desperate as she quickly went to the worker behind the counter.

“E-excuse me! Please tell me w-where your bathroom is!” Aryll said jumping up and down with her hands jammed into her crotch tightly. A long spurt of urine escaped into her panties but they were so full now that some of the urine went through her panties and onto the floor. The worker however didn’t like it and threw her a rag. “I suggest you clean that up before I tell you anything,” the worker said, not liking how some of her urine went on the floor, but was oblivious to the fact that a lot more would be if Aryll didn’t get to a bathroom soon.

Tetra stepped forward with a stern look on her face. “Unless you want to be robbed tonight and have three of your fingers from your good hand cut off, I suggest you talk,” she threatened him. The worker became scared stiff and nodded. “U-up the steps… s-sorry ma’am, I’ll get it,” he said apologizing. Aryll just gave Tetra the rag before running upstairs of the coffee shop. She now had lost control and the flood gates had opened. A strong torrent of urine began bursting out of Aryll, beginning to soak her panties and pour into the floor. She was crying while her hands had urine running through it as well, and her socks squished from the urine starting to wet them.

Aryll got to the bathroom, crying after leaving a partial trail of urine behind. She rushed inside, closing the door behind her.

Aryll spent the next few minutes crying to herself while sitting on the basin of the toilet, peeing through her blue dress. Most of it stayed in her panties but some went into the toilet. The floor of the bathroom in front of the door from where Aryll entered had a small puddle. She had to go very badly and was surprised by how much her bladder had held.

After a few more minutes of sitting on the basin and peeing a little more, Aryll got up and went to the mirror. She sniffled, looking down and seeing a very dark patch on her regular clothing. Her blue dress, even at the back was even more soaked. Aryll’s clothing felt warm from her wetting incident. She sniffled in disgust as she began slipping her panties off. As she held them they were dripping urine. Just by the looks of it, the white panties now had a big yellow spot on them now. As she saw a trash can right beside the sink and she put her panties in it, trying to bury it under the paper towels.

Aryll heard a knock at the bathroom door. “Hey, you okay?” it was Tetra and she was asking if Aryll was alright. Aryll opened the door, with tears falling from her eyes. Tetra sighed, seeing what she feared would happen. “You didn’t make it in time,” she said. Aryll nodded completely upset. “I’m just a dumb girl who doesn’t deserve to be in your crew,” Aryll claimed, blaming herself for the accident. “You’re better than Niko, that’s for sure. Come on, let’s get back to the ship,” Tetra told her as she gave Aryll a towel. She wrapped it around herself, still upset while they walked downstairs.

Aryll was surprised to find out that Tetra’s crew were all too drunk to even care or pay attention. She felt a little better, and the workers didn’t even seem to want to look at her or Tetra. Aryll noticed it as well. “They’re acting weird,” she pointed it out while holding the towel around her lower body. “I told them I’d burn their shop down in the middle of night if they said anything,” Tetra responded with a grin while they continued their way back to the ship. They went through the most secret paths they could find by going through the alleys to the docks.

Once back at the ship, Tetra led Aryll to her room. “Alright, here you go. I got this for you while you were in the bathroom,” she said and showed Aryll a red dress that had a skull print on the side. Aryll gasped at the sight of it and smiled as she hugged Tetra like an older sister. “Thanks,” she cheered before taking the outfit and heading into her room.

A minutes later, Tetra saw Aryll come out in the red dress, smiling like she had never had an accident in the first place. The dress looked perfectly fitting as well. “I feel like a real pirate,” Aryll claimed. “Heh, of course… alright, come on. We got some supplies to get,” Tetra implied. Aryll nodded and followed her off the ship, heading to town to get their supplies for the ship.

*003*2012-08-30 14:16

{{: 

I liked this story a lot, in part I think because Wind Waker had some characters I got really attached to despite a lack of screen time.

Though one thing I notice that's slightly different from your other stories. I'm not sure where this could happen in the game, unless it's a sort of alternate scenario.

Still loved it regardless, and kind of hope to see something with Wind Waker's other girls.

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it nonetheless.

{{: 

I always felt like tetra had a caring heart deep down, even as a pirate. This is a good story and I look forward to reading more.

}}

Thank you i'm glad you liked it.

*005*2012-08-31 11:05

{{: 

I liked this story a lot, in part I think because Wind Waker had some characters I got really attached to despite a lack of screen time.

Though one thing I notice that's slightly different from your other stories. I'm not sure where this could happen in the game, unless it's a sort of alternate scenario.

Still loved it regardless, and kind of hope to see something with Wind Waker's other girls.

}}

Well to be honest it was set around what aryll would be doing while she was with tetra's crew after she was rescued from forsaken fortress, in one letter aryll claimed she got rupee's from tetra for helping around the ship and aryll sent them to link in said letter.

So that's where i got this idea.

{{: 

This is a very nice story! Thanks a lot for putting your time and effort into it. I really liked how you made Tetra so nice and sisterly. I have nothing but praise and look forward to more of your zelda works! :) If I can do a bit of a request I've been wanting to see oot link desperate after his 7 year sleep for a long time. I'd love you forever. Kudos on a good peice of fiction Squirming!

}}

Thank you glad to hear your liking my work.

*008*2012-08-31 20:04

{{: 

This is a great story, i thoroughly enjoyed it :)

}}

Thank's i'm glad to hear you did.

