Summer Fun

Author: G-Force

*000*2012-10-21 03:45

I've decided to take another crack at writing a story here. For a while now I've wanted to do a new one, but lacked the ideas or motivation. This one just kinda came to me, so I ran with it. Hope you enjoy it, and remember that feedback is always appreciated. ^_^

The grey sedan pulled away from the lake at a steady pace. It was no different than any other on the road at the time... that is, excluding its passengers. Mina sat in the back-right seat, her younger sister Nora situated to her left. They say to live life with no regrets, but Mina was regretting a handful of things on her ride home. Unbeknownst to either of her parents, she was in urgent need of a rest stop, and had been for most of the afternoon. She kept her right hand placed subtly between her legs, gently pressing against the green fabric of her bikini bottoms. Nora seemed to be paying no mind to Mina's predicament, though Mina suspected her sister to be well aware of the situation at hand; what she thought of it was unknown. Looking out the window at the abundance of trees they flew by, Mina recalled the afternoon's events, and how they had led her to be in this position.

"We're here, everybody," spoke Corey, Mina's father. Slowing down the sedan, Corey pulled into the parking lot just outside of the beach. The family had been planning this day for weeks in advance, and all four of them were more than ready to have some fun in the sun. For Mina, though, it would have to wait. During the car ride there, Mina had noticed her bladder begin to signal her that she needed to go. Knowing not to take any chances, Mina made a mental note to stop at the public restrooms first thing upon arriving. Surely she would be fine if she went right away.

The two young girls practically flew out of the back seat of the sedan. Of the four of them, they were looking forward to this day the most by far. 13-year-old Mina quickly dressed out of her t-shirt and shorts, exposing her newly developed figure covered only by a green, two-piece swimsuit. 12-year-old Nora, still flat as a brick, did the same to reveal her blue, one-piece swimsuit, and the two quickly ran out onto the sand. Corey and Anna, their mother, soon followed behind, carrying the beach towels and whatnot. "Kids, huh," Anna said to her husband with a hint of playful exasperation.

Mina thoroughly scanned the beach, and soon spotted the restrooms a fair distance away. "Wait here Nora, I've gotta go to the bathroom real quick," she said to her sister before running off. Nora didn't bother to respond, and merely allowed their parents to catch up. In truth she greatly enjoyed spending time with Mina, but would never admit it. Being left behind like that was a constant occurrence, and it did get annoying after a while.

Soon Mina arrived at the restroom, hiding the faintest bit of irritation at how far it was from her family's spot. She certainly wasn't looking forward to the possibility of a second trip if she had to go again before they left. Approaching the door, Mina gripped the handle tight and pulled - the door didn't budge. She tried again, but with a push this time - still nothing. She thought she could hear a faint voice call out the word "occupied" from behind the door, but it was too hard to tell. Assuming the best, she headed back to the others having decided to try again later. The day progressed, and amidst the fun of the beach Mina had forgotten about her need... for a while at least.

When it resurfaced it had increased at least two fold. Mina quickly returned to the restroom, but sadly found the same result as when she had tried earlier. Either she had really bad timing, or somebody was taking way too long in there. When she rejoined her family she was noticeably desperate, which Nora made a point of inquiring about.

"What's wrong, sis?" she asked. "Somebody's hogging the bathroom," Mina replied, softly bouncing from foot to foot. Nora paused for a moment before suggesting, "Why not just go in the water?" Mina was shocked at the response. To her, peeing in the water at a beach was just as bad as peeing in a pool, despite being much easier to get away with. She pushed the thought out of her mind and went on enjoying herself once again, though it became more difficult to do so as time passed. Growing more desperate, she recalled Nora's suggestion. Pee in the lake? Never, she thought, It's wrong... right? Laying down on a beach towel with one leg over the other, Mina found herself unable to relax. Tossing and turning ever so slightly, she began to wonder how much more she could take. Going in the water was starting to sound like a good idea right about now.

Meanwhile, Nora was stepping back onto dry land, having just relieved herself in the cool waters. She found it to be quite convenient, and actually enjoyed the devious aspect of it - another thing she would never admit. Grabbing a spare towel to dry herself off, she noticed Mina shifting uncomfortably on the sprawled out towel below. Nora too began to wonder now how exactly Mina was going to handle her situation. She had reached a point at which muscle strength alone wouldn't do her much good, but holding herself in such a public place certainly wasn't an option. Mina stood from the towel and looked ahead at the lake. It was now or never. Step by step, she approached the water with a subtle gait.

As the light waves fizzled out on the shore they splashed cold water onto Mina's feet. The sudden chill rapidly ran up her body and immediately struck her bladder, causing it to contract and shoot a brief spurt into her bikini bottoms. It felt warm, almost nice, but distress and embarrassment easily overpowered that feeling. Mina threw her hands between her legs to ebb the impending flow of urine. Having regained control, she quickly removed her hands in hopes that nobody had seen her. Now more used to the cold splashes, she stepped forward again, only to hear an utterly dreadful call. "Don't go back in the water, hun. We're leaving soon and you won't have time to dry off." It was Anna, and she had cried the words which Mina had wanted to hear the least right now.

The family packed up their things and soon returned to the sedan in the parking lot. Nora slipped back into her clothes, but Mina elected to only put her shirt back on. The added pressure on her bladder from her shorts might be too much. The four reentered the sedan and Corey pulled it out of the parking lot, ready to return home after a long day of fun. Mina sat cross-legged in the back-right seat once again, now greatly doubting her ability to make it home. She was a big girl now, though. She could hold it... couldn't she? With such an unignoreable pressure in her abdomen, she was starting to believe otherwise.

Slow as molasses did the minutes pass. The trip home seemed to take infinitely longer than the trip there. How Mina's bladder could play such a trick on her mind, she was unsure of. None the less, it was a cruel trick. A cruel, cruel trick indeed. At this point she could no longer refrain from pressing at least one hand down upon her innocent girlhood. Any less and she was sure her inner levee would burst in a golden deluge. Mina's foot rhythmically tapped on the floor of the sedan in a futile attempt of distraction, something her parents assumed she was doing along to the music of the radio. Suddenly the road hit a bump, catching Mina completely off guard. Unprepared to the sudden lift, her bladder shot another spurt into her bikini bottoms. Needing both hands to maintain control, Mina's situation had become blatantly obvious to anyone paying attention, which at this point was only Nora. This was certainly a major problem, and with no solution in sight, Mina began to lose hope.

Nora had been watching her sister out of the corner of her eye almost the entire time. For some inexplicable reason she was fascinated with Mina's plight, wanting nothing more than to see the outcome. It was like watching a television show with a suspenseful climax, except this was all too real. Snickering to herself in her mind, Nora thought about how Mina should have just gone in the lake when she suggested it. But on the other hand, if she had then there would not be such a show to be put on. Overall Nora was torn between feeling bad, smug, and even a little excited.

As Mina rocked back and forth in her seat, she looked out the window once more to see her salvation. "Rest Stop - Next exit" was printed on the sign at the side of the road. "Dad, dad, can we stop?" she said, sounding a little more eager than she wanted to. "I supposed we could," Corey replied, "We have been driving for a while." A couple of minutes later, Corey pulled the sedan into the parking lot of the rest stop. As soon as they came to a stop, Mina threw her door open and jumped out of her seat. "I'll be right back!" she called, already on her way to liberation. Running so fast, she leaked another few drops into her bikini bottoms, but that was trivial at this point. Mina dashed into the rest top and headed down the hall marked with the ladies room sign. But there was another sign at the end of the hall, one which Mina absolutely dreaded, a sign that read "Out of Order". So close, and yet so far. Relief had been dangled in front of her nose and then pulled away at the last moment.

Mina bounced from foot to foot with both hands between her legs. There had to be something she could do. Heading back down the hall, she looked past the exit and spawned a sketchy idea in her mind. Opposite the hall to the ladies room was another identical hall leading to the men's room. It was wrong on so many levels, but it was her only option. Not wasting any time arguing with herself, she made her way down the hall and approached the door. After knocking first to make sure the room was empty, Mina reached for the door handle and slowly pulled it open. Peeking her head inside, she was greeted with a horrifying sight, and an equally horrifying smell. The room was in the worst condition imaginable, lacking any sort of cleanliness and filled with an indescribable stench. A disgust of this magnitude could overpower any need, including Mina's own need for relief. She would much rather have an accident than set foot in such a terrible place.

With nothing left for her to do inside, Mina hobbled her way out of the rest stop, her hands still buried between her thighs. Each step led her to leak another drop, and the small stain left on her bikini bottoms would soon not be so easy to hide. Mina crept outside, scared to face her parents while on the brink of wetting herself, something she hadn't done in years and had no desire to go back to. By this point though it was unavoidable, and something she would have to face... or would she? Her parents weren't paying attention, and she took the opportunity to sneek behind the rest stop. Her bikini bottoms would remain dry yet, and with luck any evidence of her struggle would go unnoticed. Hidden behind the small structure, Mina knew it was now or never. Having leaked one last time, she stood facing the wall and squatted down. Pulling her bikini bottoms to the side, she closed her eyes and let loose.

An audible hiss filled the air as Mina emptied the contents of her bladder onto the wall of the rest stop. The golden stream shot out of her with much force, the pressure built throughout the afternoon being released all at once. Mina sighed with relief. There was nothing quite so satisfying as finally letting go after a long hold, and Mina definitely felt that satisfaction right now. Her urine struck the wall and splattered over the ground below, some of it reaching her sandals and feet. At this point she didn't care. All that mattered was that she was finally free from the annoying tug of a full bladder.

As her stream slowed to a trickle, Mina opened her eyes and looked down to admire her handiwork. She was amazed at just how much she had gone, the wall in front of her completely drenched. Suddenly Mina heard what sounded like footsteps coming from around the corner, and quickly stood up, moving her bikini bottoms back into place over her dampened lips. She ran the other way around the building and returned to the sedan, acting as if she had simply gone about a normal bathroom break.

Mina opened the door and slid into the back seat, almost immediately noticing that Nora wasn't there anymore. "Hey, where did Nora go?" she asked. "Oh, she decided to go to the bathroom as well," Anna replied, "Did you not pass by her in there?" Mina was silent. The footsteps, could that have been Nora? Did she see what Mina had done? When Nora returned she said nothing of the matter. Either she hadn't seen a thing, or just didn't want to say anything about it. Mina couldn't be sure, but rather than spend the rest of the day suspicious of her sister, she simply sat back and enjoyed the fact that she made it through the day accident free.

Well, there you have it. Be sure to tell me what you think. I'm rather fond of these characters I've come up with, so let me know if you'd like to see more of them in the future.

*005*2012-11-02 15:39

I appreciate all the positive feedback so far. You'll be happy to know that I've begun writing the next installment. Hopefully it won't take too long.

