Victorious - Page 2

Author: Nimbus

*026*2012-06-18 19:19

Hope you like this chapter, I think it may be over the top but I digress. enjoy.

Tori woke up to the ringing of her pear phone. She was laying face down into her pillow as she reached onto her bed stand. She struggled to find it without looking before she finally groped it and pulled it to her ear. "Hello?" She asked tiredly.

"Hey Tori!" Cat squealed from the other end of the phone. Tori winced from the sudden high pitched noise.

"Hey cat." Tori mumbled.

"I was wondering when the slumber party is?" Cat sang.

"It's just a sleep over cat, me and you. You can come over at seven." Tori replied tired.

"Ok, bye!"

"bye." Tori hung up and sighed. She rolled over for a moment as memories of the previous night darted through her mind. She found her face burning as it shifted a shade of scarlet. "I can't believe I wet the-" She was cut short as her a pang from her bladder sent her doubled over. She added pressure to her clit and shuffled to the bathroom awkwardly. She felt her face grow hotter as she made her way towards her bathroom and just made it onto the toilet with her panties off as urine exploded from her urethra. She sighed in relief as the sudden pressure was gone.

She slipped off her clothes and stepped into the shower, quickly running the hot water as she began to scrub herself clean. She forcefully cleaned herself, trying to forget about the past week as she showered. She grit her teeth bitterly as she washed shampoo out of her long luscious hair, hot water rushing through her hair. Her mind kept returning to the accidents she had. Even in the privacy of her own house, she was utterly humiliated at what had happened last night.

Her eyes brimmed with tears as she stepped out into the cold air and dried herself with her towel, dabbing her watering eyes before wrapping her body with the towel and heading to her bedroom. She might not have worn the towel though, since she didn't run into anyone on her way. Rather than dress right away, she slid beneath her blankets after tossing her towel into her hamper.

She dozed off again and woke up a few hours later still feeling miserable but head over to her dresser and got dressed anyway. She pulled on white lace panties and bra, black yoga shorts and a light blue tank top before rushing down stairs to answer the door. The ringing door bell was getting more erratic as she got into the living room where Trina was lounging on the couch.

"You couldn't answer the door?"

"That's not my job." She replied as she continued to watch some show on the telveison. Tori rolled her eyes and pulled open the door to find Cat dressed in denim shorts and a violet t-shirt.

"Hey Tori." She said as she walked into the house.

"Hey Cat." Tori smiled as she began to shut the door when someone stopped it. Tori glanced back to find Jade in the door way dressed in black skinny jeans and a black leather corset. "What are you doing here Jade?"

"Beck's at Andre's for the night so I decided the deal with you."

"Fine. No stupid pranks on me or Cat though."

"Deal."

Hours later Tori somehow managed to slip asleep after repeated rushing to the bathroom through out the day. She was curled up in a long blue t-shirt and a red soffe as she slept on her couch covered by a thin blanket. On the floor was Cat dressed in a long red night shirt, and just out of sight was an adult diaper around her teenage groin. She was tucked into a blue sleeping bag, though, further concealing her diaper. Jade lay awake in her green sleeping bag dressed in grey sweat pants and a green camisole.

Jade sighed bitterly as she crawled out and hatched an evil idea. "Never made any promises for Trina." She smirked and made her way into the Vega's kitchen where she grabbed a bowl and filled it with warm water, dipping her hand in it to test its warmth. Her bladder twinged on contact with the water and a spurt dribbled into her lime panties. "I got to stop holding it so long." She muttered. True, Jade liked the feeling of desperation, and the relief and warmth wasn't so bad either, but she never preferred to wet herself. Especially in public. She sighed and carried to bowl into Trina's bedroom.

Trina was dressed in a yellow t-shirt and light blue boy shirts as she snored softly. Jade carefully lifted Trina's hand and dipped it into the bowl. Jade waited as she stared at Trina's crotch as a dark stain slowly began to form. Jade smirked again, despite the pain in her bladder. Suddenly Trina slowly began to rouse. Jade's eyes went wide as she dropped the bowl beneath Trina's bed and dashed back into the living room where she slipped back into her sleeping bag as another spurt dampened her underwear.

She heard Trina enter the living room and forced herself to remain silent and still, despite her screaming bladder and tingling Urethra. She grit her teeth and curled her toes as she straightened herself out.

"I know one of you did this to me!" Trina accused as she stood in the center of the living room. Her shorts were soaked and darkened around her crotch and butt. Warm urine still dripped between her legs, some streams still visible on her legs as she inspected Tori. "Tori!" She urged shaking her younger sister, however Tori just mumbled something in her sleep and turned over. "Ok, then what about you Cat?" She bent down, her butt near Jade's face. Jade could now smell her urine and she wrinled her nose as urine finally began to stream out into her own panties. "Cat wears diapers?" Trina asked herself.

"And uses them apparently.... That leaves you Ja- You're wetting the bed!" Jade forced herself to play possum and didn't react to Trina's announcement despite the warm urine soaking her her pants and making a loud hissing as it sprayed the sleeping bag and began to pool beneath her butt. "Gross." Trina muttered and left the living room. Jade tried to stem her flow, but the damage was done. Her clothing was soaked from her mid back to her ankles as urine filled her sleeping bag. Finally the streams stopped and she slipped from her sleeping bag her face scarlet.

She gingerly lifted her sleeping bag as urine sloshed around inside the water proof fabric and she began to sneak out of the house, pouring out the urine on the front lawn before discreetly running back to her own house in her soaked clothing.

A few minutes after Jade's fiasco, Tori's bladder gave out without warning and without her consciousness to stem the flow her soffe darkened as urine began to trickle onto the couch cushion. The seat absorbed most of the urine as it poured from Tori's urethra and out of her darkened soffe as a dark wet patch expanded on the cushion and some urine began to cascade off of it and onto the floor. Tori remained asleep through her entire wetting.

"Tori! Tori!" Cat woke up Tori once again. "You wet the bed!" Cat exclaimed.

"what?" Tori asked as she sat up and quickly became aware of the cold wetness of her lower body. Her eyes grew wide as she stared at the stained couch. "My parents are going to kill me!"

"Maybe we can clean it?"

"Yeah sure, let's go to the furniture cleaner. Get dressed now!" Tori commanded as she ran into her bedroom and stripped naked before pulling on new clothes: pink converse, black yoga leggings, a violet bralette top before she rushed out to meet Cat, who was then dressed in skinny jeans, black high heels and a cobalt blue off the shoulder tee. The two took the cushion and ran off to the furniture cleaner. The paid to have it clean and left, told to come back in two hours. Cat decided to go back home and Tori head over to a burger joint where she ordered a large soda and two large order of fries and ate in silence, Utterly embarrassed.

Remember to leave feedback, please and thank you.

*031*2012-06-19 01:40

{{:

Oh man that was the best chapter yet! Loved Jade getting hoist(or in this case moist ;) ) by her own petard.

}}

I'm really glad you liked it:)

{{:

Well now I can't watch an epaiode of victorious without wishing they'd pee themselves

}}

I know what you mean, I just watched an episode of it and for a moment I was confused why none of them wet themselves until I realized that the omorashi concept was just me living in my own imagination (I'm lame)

{{:

That was one of the best things I have ever read. Keep making chapters like that for all your new ones.

I forgot to mention, I think it would be a little more better if you put a tiny more emphasis on the actual wetting. Not too much and not too little.

}}

Actually do to the fact the episodes don't really have a continuous plot, the plot of this story directly revolves around wetting. Thanks for taking the time to reply:)

*039*2012-06-22 23:29

{{:

Read this again and I loved it again!!

}}

Thanks, glad you like it. An update should appear by Sunday night depending on your time zone:)

*041*2012-06-24 21:11

This post will be a little short, but hope you enjoy it, nonetheless:)

Jade, who had left early that morning and made it home without incident, had fallen asleep still dressed in her soaked clothing. She woke up to find Beck's face hovering above her own.

"What are you doing here?"

"I thought I could do something nice and surprise you." He grinned.

"Well just go away." Jade muttered pulling the blankets above her face to cover the redness of her cheeks. She felt so sure Beck could smell the scent of urine coming of her pants. Suddenly Beck ceased the blankets and tugged it off the bed, revealing Jade's mess.

"Jade... you wet the bed?" He asked startled.

"No I didn't!" Jade cried and rolled away not looking him in the eye.

"Jade," He started, regaining his composure. "I can see the stain on your pants."

"I didn't wet the bed." She said sticking to her story.

"...Look," He said lightly turning Jade so she was forced to look Beck in the face. Before she could close her eyes he continued, "Jade, why don't you go get cleaned up and we can go out to a movie."

Jade was stunned, but she forced herself to keep her cynical nature. "Whatever." She muttered, still a smile stole its way onto her face.

Meanwhile Cat who left Tori was desperately making a dash for her house. Her right hands was forced into her crotch as she tried to keep her tiny bladder in control in her left dangled her two high heels. She gasped as a spurt trickled into her panties thighs and she pushed herself harder. Finally at the edge of the street she saw her house. She sprinted to the best of her ability as a small amount of urine began to leak down her thighs. She pushed through the doors as more urine ran down her legs leaving a dark stain on her butt and a small trail down to her mid thigh, however she made it into the bathroom and tore off her bottoms and sat on the toilet, avoiding too much of a disaster.

Tori was just finishing her third order of fries and second refill when Robbi entered the restaurant. For once he wasn't carrying around Rex and he looked rather upset. Tori sighed and called him over to her. "Hey Robbie, what's wrong." She said after taking a sip from her soda.

He made his way over to his friend and between sobs informed her on his problem. "I... got... dumped."

"You had a girlfriend?" Tori asked.

"Sorta... she asked... and I said yes... and then two hours later... it was.... a dare." He sobbed.

"It... will be ok." Tori tried to cheer Robbie up when suddenly she felt a sharp prickle in her urethra and a dull aching in her bladder.

"No... it.. won't..." He mustered between sobs.

Tori rolled her eyes as she tried to contain her suddenly bursting bladder. A spurt pulsed its way into her panties. She gasped. "Hey Robbie I got to-"

"Bail... on me.. right?"

"No, I just-"

"No I get it!"

"Robbie look I need-" Suddenly the urge subsided. Tori relaxed herself with a smile and then the warmth spread. A loud hiss was audible to the both of them as Urine gushed from Tori's urethra. A yellow puddle quickly filled the seat she was sitting in and caused the fabric of her yoga tights to ripple as rivulets rushed along her thighs before the puddle began to cascade down the sides of the chair. Streams of urine ran down the back of her calves before it fell in a large stream splashed onto the tile floor around her chair.

Tori sat still her cheeks burning red and her mouth agape as more streams spilled from different angles of the chair, causing a puddle to form around her chair. She was far too shocked to try and contain her bladder as the warm urine saturated her chair and butt until the flow slowed to a stop. "I got to go now." She said flustered. She took of in a sprint, drips of warm urine still falling off her legs. She decided to spend the rest of her time running. Fortunately the dark fabric mostly hid the fact that she wet herself, only the glistening of the wetness, but she kept herself moving fast enough that no one could get a good view of her. She tried to keep her mind off her embarrassment but she kept coming back to it.

Finally though it was time to get the cushions. She picked it up and left after the cleaner mumbled something about her needing to learn bladder control. Then Tori made her way back to her house where she replaced the cushion took a shower where the cold water mingled with her tears.

*043*2012-06-25 00:40

{{:

Still loved it!! No matter the length!!

}}

Thank you very much:)

*044*2012-06-27 23:57

Nothing much to say about this chapter other than too apologize for its shortness

Tori had fallen to sleep early Saturday night and awoke early Sunday morning with a full bladder. She quickly shoved her hand between her legs, forcing her pale blue pajama pants into her crotch as she grabbed up a bundle of clothes and dashed off to the bathroom. She just had time to drop her clothes and sit on the toilet as she peed into the water below. Relief instantly filled her as she finished urinating. She then proceeded to take a cold shower. She quickly scrubbed her body down before emerging and drying herself off.

Next she pulled on a pair of matching black, bra and thong, skinny khaki pants, a red blouse and tennis shoes. She started to blow dry her hair when she got a knock on the door.

"Hurry up Tori, it's almost time for church."

"I'm hurrying." Tori called out as she brushed her hair, applied deodorant and dashed out to the kitchen where she scarfed down a plate of fried eggs. She gulped down her orange juice and made her way to the family car. As they drove down towards their church she got a text on her pear phone. She found a text from Jade who sent her a link to the slap.com. She clicked on the link and it pulled up a trending topic: "Teenage student can't contain her bladder, Tori Vega, pop star or pee star. OMG girl pees herself" Each post had an image of Tori at the burger joint with wet pants.

Tori fought back tears and shut off her phone and stared out the window as the car sped towards the church. They pulled up into the parking lot and the family hurried inside to the church where the choir had begun the service by singing several Hymns. The family took their spot in the front where they stood while the music played for around twenty minutes. Despite having recently voided her bladder, Tori felt an urge as they sat on the pews and the preacher began to give a sermon. She brushed it off and laid her hands on her lap, adding slight pressure to her crotch with her finger tips.

Ten minutes into the service the need had become urgent and Tori was pressing her finger tip forcefully onto her urethra as she tried to prevent herself from squirming. The sermon went in one ear and out the other as she turned all her focus onto not peeing in the pews. On a normal day she might have gone to the bathroom, but she didn't want to bring any attention to herself so she tried to contain herself. Another fifteen minutes passed and she crossed her legs tightly and tapped her right foot and wiggled her left, her hands trying to hold back the urine flow.

Another five minutes and the preacher finished his sermon and the choir set off into ten minutes of hymns, allowing Tori to dance slightly as she tried to contain her bladder. She teetered from side to side as she slipped her hands against her pants and pressed her finger tip onto her urethra and had her other hand raised in the air as she tried to feign worship rather then desperation. She began to hop from foot to foot as she felt the burning sensation in her urethra grow more intense along with the stabbing pain in her lower abdomen.

Finally the service ended but the preacher called for a moment of silence so he could address an issue and the church sat back down into the pews. Tori squirmed in her seat as she tried to contain herself, unfortunately the inevitable came. Urine gushed out of her urethra and soaked the seat of her pants and urine began to cascade of the pews while Tori sat, helpless. Trina leaped off the pews to avoid the expanding puddle on the pews. Tori lurched to her feet and the remaining urine ran down the length of her legs, soaking the back of her legs as her pants began to glisten and darken. Finally the flow ended and Tori gasped.

"Tori, I think you should excuse yourself." The preacher muttered flustered. Tori nodded her head and she dashed from the room, utterly humiliated as she ran all the way back to her house, giving a few kids to add more pictures to her trending thread on the Slap.

*047*2012-06-29 18:31

{{:

I'm so happy I decided to come back to this site after a week off. And I'm happy I started with your story!

}}

Well thanks, I'm glad you gave it a chance:)

*048*2012-07-01 18:13

Thought I ought to bring this up before my next installment. There will only be five more chapters too this story, I really enjoyed writing this and I'm glad you all liked it as well. Thanks for the support:)

