Vul-pees (Final Draft)

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-03-27 22:02

Vulpix yawned and stretched out in her bed of rags.

"G'night." she whispered to herself, shuddering at the eerie silence that never usually bothered her.

She was an orphan; she was used to it.

Vulpix opened her eyes.

She was no longer in the overturned bathtub in the old attic of the abandoned mansion.

She was in a dark and unfamiliar place. Everything was black besides a dark figure standing over her.

"Blastoist!" she screamed, turning and running.

But the Blastoist was much faster. It was gaining on her.

She was suddenly surrounded by water.

This was her greatest fear, yet in somehow seemed calm. Relaxing…

The water rained down on her.

It felt nice and warm.

But something was odd…

She sat up in bed and moaned.

The rags were darker around her legs and tail, and she smelled of urine.

"Well THAT'S embarrassing!" she said to herself, climbing out from under her soaked, smelly sheets.

She washed herself up as best as she could and headed out.

Vulpix stepped out into the noisy streets and headed to the Hob, her town's Black Market where she went to buy and sell goods.

The previous night had been awful, she just wanted to relax.

Or become completely out of it.

She walked up to Urasring's Bar, wondering what to get.

Maybe this was a bad idea after all…

"Kid, what's the deal?! GET A MOVE ON!"

Vulpix jumped back. She then straightened up.

Right, er…

"G-gimme one." she snarled, shaking with fear.

Ursaring eyed her carefully. Clearly she was underage, but man, was she loaded!

"Here ya go, Kid." the cash and the drink slid past each other and Vulpix dashed off with the bottle.

She arrived home after trading some cloth and berries.

She popped open the can, wincing at the stench of alcohol.

"This REEKS! Adults really DRINK this stuff?!"

Vulpix took a deep breath and sipped. The stuff burned her throat and made her want to vomit, but somehow she managed to hold the liquid down and take another sip. She spat it out, though.

"Yuck! No more…" she moaned, falling over…

The Blastoist was back, and this time he meant business.

Vulpix laughed as a Pidgy flew circles around it, pecking it.

"Hehe. Funny Pidgy!" the nonexistent Pokemon split into two and blurred…

Vulpix sat up.

Her stomach seemed upside down and her head hurt, but the thing that had woken her was her soaked sheets…

"No more of THAT!" she promised, avoiding the Hob and heading to a playground out of town.

A beautiful Skitty sat atop a play structure smiling, shouting orders at the others.

"Hey you! Vulpix! Get over here! NOW!"

"Y-yes?"

Skitty grinned.

"Wanna rootbeer?"

Vulpix smiled. She was SO thirsty, that DID sound refreshing.

"Okay!"

Vulpix learned alot about the Skitty.

1.) She loved soda

2.) She loved sports

3.) She had a crush on a Wailord

"So, Vulpix, wanna play Pokeseek?" she asked.

"Sure!" giggled Vulpix, freezing as her bladder tugged.

"Skitty, wheres the bathroom?"

Skitty's face fell.

"I'd hoped you knew…" she said shyly.

"Oh. I-it's fine, then." Vulpix said knowing it wasn't. She then contradicted herself by moaning and doubling over with paws squeezed tightly together.

"Hehehe." a Tododile said.

"Bathrooms that way. Woods, hehehe."

"Oh," said Skitty.

"I guess we'll hold it."

"I CAN'T!" moaned Vulpix.

"Alright, alright." Skitty said, heading to the woods.

"Now what?" asked Skitty.

"Um, over there!" Vulpix rushed behind a bush and squatted down to pee.

"EEWWW! Not THERE I won't." mewed Skitty.

"Okay, meet you at the playground!" Vulpix giggled when she finished.

HSSS!

"Eek!" Skitty cried, leaking.

FSSSHT!

A spurt.

SPLSHHH!

Another.

"Th-this isn't happening. It CAN'T be happening!" moaned Skitty.

SP-SP-FSHH-SHH!

"NOOOO!"

FSPSHHHHHHHHHT!

Skitty looked down at the puddle.

"…Ahhh…Now THAT felt good!"

*002*2012-03-29 10:09

:)

