Tour Guide Desperation

Author: ILoveOmorashi

*000*2012-01-18 09:50

My first contribution. I hope you like it (even if I'm not the best writer in the world)

###

It was Midori’s first day on the job as a bus tour guide, and that morning, she was very optimistic about it.

They had told her everything she needed to know during orientation.

Well, almost everything.

For some reason, nothing about restroom use was mentioned.

But Midori wasn’t thinking about that right now as she was eager to make an impression, especially since she was hired on a 30-day probationary period.

However, when she first got on the tour bus that morning, she discovered with dismay that it didn’t have a toilet! Worse yet, tour guides weren’t allowed to leave the buses while they were in motion during a shift.

As the tourists (all of them middle-aged salary men) and the driver boarded the bus and it started driving away, Midori hoped there would be a restroom near the Mt. Fuji area, which was the tour bus’s destination. Unfortunately, she didn’t count on a highway traffic jam popping up. About an hour into it, she started to feel the need to urinate. A half an hour later, the need grew worse and she noticeably started to fidget. In an attempt to keep her mind off it, she decided to talk to the passengers. She stood up with a portable microphone, trying her best to stand still.

“As you can see, we are currently experiencing traffic problems. Apologies for the inconvenience.” Then she bowed while discreetly pressing both hands in her crotch. Another forty minutes passed and there was still no let-up of the traffic. Midori was now even more desperate. She sat with her knees pressed closely together and both hands pushed into her crotch. A couple of the tourists began to notice and she could hear them murmuring and snickering. Soon after, some of the tourists and the driver got off the bus to go urinate in a field on the side of the highway, leaving Midori to sit there and suffer.

She already knew there was a surveillance camera on the bus, so she didn’t dare leave herself (not that she’d want to pee in such a manner even if she could, of course). From her vantage point, she could also see a distressed-looking woman sitting in the front passenger seat of a car next to the bus. Midori could tell she was extremely desperate to pee as well. She turned to say something to her husband who was driving, and even though Midori couldn’t hear them, she had little difficulty making out what they were saying.

Please, I really need to pee!

Her husband was unsympathetic.

No, you can hold it!

A few minutes later, the woman burst into tears and Midori saw the crotch of her jeans turn wet while her husband started screaming at her. Midori averted her eyes rather quickly.

The traffic started moving again after about an hour and they arrived at the tour area near the mountain’s base another forty minutes later. She had to stay on the bus and watch as the tourists got off at the rest area to eat and use the public restrooms.

Another half an hour went by as the bus drove upward. Midori was shifting from foot to foot uncontrollably as she talked on the microphone. Then the bus stopped so the men could step off and take photos of Mt. Fuji, which was coming in quite clear that day. One of them decided to go to the other side of the road to take a pee, which Midori unfortunately had to see through the window. It made her grab her crotch with both hands and moan.

Another hour passed and Midori’s need to urinate was now total agony. She could barely even talk on the mike and she couldn’t even attempt to keep still anymore. “A-And M-Mount Fuji looks even more b-beautiful from this v-view!”

“Miss, do you need to use the toilet?” a tourist in his late 50’s asked.

Midori’s face turned red with embarrassment. “No, I’m fine.”

After another hour which seemed like an eternity, they finally stopped at another rest area that also had a bus depot. It was time for a brief break for the tour employees. Midori hobbled as fast as she could to the restrooms, but as soon as she got to the first stall in the ladies’ room, her heart sank as she noticed that they were pay toilets! Worse yet, she didn’t have the required 200 yen. She let out a loud cry of despair and shock and hobbled back outside.

She didn’t know what she was going to do---if she didn’t get to sit on a toilet soon, she would pee in her uniform. Her job duties forbade her from making any real small talk with tourists, so she couldn’t ask them for any spare change. She walked back to the bus in sheer pain and struggling to keep from losing control. That’s when she saw another tour company bus parked next to it and another young female tour guide standing next to the bus. She had on a uniform that was similar to Midori’s (pumps, pantyhose, skirt, blazer, white blouse, white gloves and hat) only it was light yellow instead of navy blue. And like Midori, she was doing a definite pee-pee dance.

The other tour guide said something first.

“Didn’t have any change, either, huh?

“No, I didn’t,” Midori replied. “I don’t know what I’m gonna do ... I’m about to wet myself!”

“Me, too,” the other tour guide said. “Wait, I have an idea: we can both pee behind the bus and be lookouts for each other!”

At first, Midori was hesitant about this, being someone who was reluctant about peeing outside. But in the condition she was in now, it was either that or having an accident.

“Okay,” Midori said. “You can go first.”

“Thanks!” the woman said, starting to loosen her clothes. “My name’s Noriko, by the way.” Noriko extended her hand and Midori shook it.

Midori looked the other way as Noriko squatted behind the bus, but as Noriko started urinating loudly, the sound of it suddenly made Midori think about her own bursting bladder even more than she was already. A spurt of urine escaped from body and into the crotch of her panties. Midori gasped and squeezed her thighs together tightly, using all of her willpower to keep from losing total control.

“All done!” Noriko exclaimed as she jumped back up, completely relieved.

“Thank you,” Midori said, running behind the bus. “I’m already starting to pee!”

Midori unzipped the back of her skirt, yanked it down along with her pantyhose and already-wet panties and squatted and let go. She let out a loud sigh of relief as she peed, amazed at the amount that came out and splattered on the ground. It felt good to finally to get to relieve herself, but would she be able to manage like this every day?

*002*2012-01-18 19:30

Glad you liked it.

In that case, you'll probably like my latest story better, then. :)

