Military Discipline - Part 2

Author: GaijinJohn

*000*2012-05-13 08:00

For the great number of soldiers stationed at the Khordokovsky Barracks, business was as usual. For Private Natalya Ilyichna Vasilyev, this day would change her life, though she did not realise that as she leapt out of bed, pulled on her uniform and then adjusted the creases in front of the mirror. It was obvious why she attracted so much (mostly unwanted) male attention. Her pale, symmetrical face with its long brown hair was the kind which would be splayed across the cover of a pornographic magazine, along with the rest of her toned body, if she had been forced into that occupation.

But as a feminist she did not care for such things. She believed, in her green youth at 19, that women could do anything men could do and do it just as well, and that included serving in the army. From the perspective of her commanding officers, this was certainly the case. Her uniform was always immaculate. She never got drunk or had a fight. She had won an award for the best-behaved private in the barracks. Twice. Mostly she was received well by her male comrades, with one exception. That exception was standing outside her door as she opened it to go to the canteen.

"Your body is sexier than ever," sneered Private Ivan Vasylich Kutuzov, her constant tormentor and only real enemy. One of only 2 men in the barracks that could beat her in a fight, he made that fact clear incessantly. His mountainous musculature would have made Arnold Schwarzenegger proud. Despite her hatred for him, Natalya knew that he was attractive in a rouguish sort of way. A fat cigar drooped over his stubbly chin. "You really need to stop sleeping in your underwear. I nearly had to change my trousers." (He wasn't talking about pee).

"You really need to stop spying on me. It's disgusting. Even when she's sleeping you still treat a woman like a blowup doll. Well, you'd better go back to your blowup doll, because I would sooner die than sleep with you."

"What if I gave you no choice but to sleep with me?" he asked, mocking her euphemism. He blew smoke in her face. Natalya recoiled in disgust, both of the smoke and him.

"Then I would report it and you would go to prison."

"Only 6% of rapists are ever caught. I don't think running for your handsome hero is worthwhile."

"You might not get arrested. But Vitali will still smash the senses out of you."

"How ironic! The little feminist, thinking that women are as good as men - he dropped his dog-end on her boot - goes running behind her boyfriend when things get rough. Live by your own rules. I do."

Natalya was filling with fury at this blatant threat. This man would ravish her in the corridor if he didn't think that someone would stop him. But worst was that she could do nothing to defend herself against him, save asking a man to protect her, something she had never considered doing until recently. If she had to be protected by a man, though, she knew which man it would be, and it was the man walking down the corridor now - the only other man in the barracks who could beat her in a fight - Private Vitali Ivanovich Orlov.

If she was the perfect example of a beautiful Russian girl, Vitali was the perfect example of the handsome Russian man. His figure was similar to Vasily's, with mighty muscles connecting his powerful bones. Even his face was similarly stubbly. The difference lay in the eyes. While Vasily's eyes were filled with lust and wrath, Vitali's were kind and calm. Despite his potential for violence, Vitali never lost face and was often a mediator in fights between other men. Like any other straight, single man in the barracks, Vitali took a fancy to Natalya. Unlike any other straight, single man on the barracks, Natalya took a fancy back.

That's enough for now. I'll continue it tomorrow.

$

*004*2012-05-14 15:57

{{:

PLEASE finish this. This is going to be amazing.

By the way, have you seen this thread? http://omorashi.org/...age__hl__sports

It seems like it could be relevant here.

}}

Yet another reason to get my wife to exercise! I'd love to see her pee those tight shorts of hers... *snaps back into reality* No, I wouldn't...

And we won't be getting to any wetting for a LONG time. Sorry.

###

"Ah, Vasily," Vitali began. "I really wasn't expecting to see you here."

"Getting jealous, are we?"

Natalya subconsciously stepped back beside Vitali. In a little-wanted way she felt a lot safer with him around. Why did women have to feel so vulnerable on their own? They didn't have to, she told herself. It was all cultural.

"Come on, Natalya," said Vitali, hoping to break the sullen silence, "let's go to breakfast. Vasily, if you want to camp outside Natalya's door, do. But don't expect us to bring anything back for you."

Natalya and Vitali began to walk towards the mess hall. Vasily followed about 2 paces behind. Natalya's hand brushed against Vitali's. That brush became a faint grasp before Vasily alerted her to her obvious advance.

"Holding hands now, are we? How long will it be before that little hand of yours finds its way to his dick?"

"Don't say anything, Natalya. Don't feed the trolls." The one thing Natalya wanted to do was say something - something loud and offensive in Vasily's direction. Vitali decided to change the subject.

"Who do you think will be the new Corporal?" The previous Corporal had perished in a brutal and complicated incident involving a flamethrower, a bottle of vodka and a bear.

"Aleksandr, maybe. Who do you reckon?" Natalya had to look up at quite a large angle to look Vitali in the eyes.

"Well, I reckon it'll be...you."

For a brief moment, Natalya's face became an incarnation of joy. When that brief moment passed, she spoke again.

"Do you think the officers will choose a woman? Some of them are real chauvinists. Besides, some privates won't take orders from a female superior." She turned her head back to Vasily. "Their superior in several ways."

"Don't antagonise him."

Breakfast passed as usual until the Captain stepped up to announce the new Corporal. The level of noise fell to a murmur.

"Now's your moment, Natalya."

"I haven't been chosen yet!" She too was starting to believe that she was the one.

The Captain cleared his throat and left an ominous silence before finally making his announcement. "The next Corporal for Leonid Section will be Vasily Sergeyovich Kutuzov. Today Leonid Section are going on an overnight exercise in the forest. Corporal Kutuzov will be leading this exercise. All members of Leonid Section should make their way to the BTR-80 parked outside." A ripple of surprise ebbed over the other ranks at the tables. Natalya and Vitali had their premature hopes washed from their mouths. Across Vasily's face grew a cruel, mocking smile. Whatever happened on this exercise, it was not going to be fun for Natalya.

I'm afraid that's all I have time for now. BTW, I called Vasily Ivan the first time. I subconsciously started calling him Vasily after the perverted mobster from my novel "The Hibernating Bear" and now I can't go back and change it. I'm such a moron. I'll try to do some more tomorrow.

*006*2012-05-15 16:01

Unfortunately Vasily had to get the promotion, otherwise he could not abuse his new powers...

###

As Natalya, Vitali and their comrades trudged out of the barracks towards the BTR-80, a cloud of dread condensed above their heads. Every member of Leonid Section knew far more of Vasily's brutality than he (or, in Natalya's case, she) would ever have wished to. (I ended a sentence with a preposition. Come at me, Grammar Nazis.) Vasily was striding triumphantly ahead of them, holding his corporal's stripes on his arm. The section filed into the APC and seated themselves inside. Vasily took his unrightful place in the front passenger seat, beside the driver. His bristly head turned back and Natalya's eyes met his savage gaze.

"The Captain wanted me to sew these stripes onto my uniform, but I feel that it is unseemly for that task to be performed by me when we have a far more suitable person on board. Natalya - sew on these stripes." He pulled off his tunic and handed it back to Natalya. Natalya refused to move and let it drop on the ground.

"What makes me more suitable than you? It's your uniform."

"Natalya," he said, feigning the demeanour of a patronising schoolmaster, "look down."

She looked down and saw nothing but her tunic and trousers. She looked back up and saw Vasily still waiting for an answer.

"Natalya, it's because you're a girl." The APC rippled with whispers. "Quiet." Vasily was not respected, but he was feared, and silence settled again. "Natalya, do as I say, or I will dismiss you and send you back in disgrace." Natalya seethed with indignation. How did this misogynistic moron become corporal over her? But as a lower rank she had to obey him. She bent down, picked up the tunic and stripes, pulled out a needle and thread and began to sew.

The engine of the BTR-80 rumbled and the vehicle's wheels began to roll. It turned 90 degrees and crawled out of the barracks before gaining speed and trundling down the rocky forest road. Inside a severely disgruntled Natalya was finishing her assigned task. She threw the tunic forward over Vasily's head. He grabbed it and shrugged it on without turning round.

"Good girl," he cooed in his schoolmaster's tone.

"He's gone too far, hasn't he?" whispered Aleksandr Nikolayevich Isinbayeva, one of Natalya's closest friends. "He really hates you."

"He hates women," Natalya replied, also in a whisper. "He thinks we should all be in the kitchen with one hand cleaning and one hand giving him a good old-fashioned." (If you don't know what that means, I don't want to deflower you.)

"If you can't stand him anymore, I'll stand up for you." Vitali's calm, deep voice was an uncomfortable comfort for Natalya - it made her feel safer, but she knew she shouldn't need a man to make her feel safer.

"I'd say the same, but he'd beat the shit out of me," added Aleksandr. Aleksandr was by some measures (not mine, but I'm stunned by what some women find attractive) handsome, but his diminutive figure was puny enough to be an object of mockery. Natalya had decked him a few times during the sparring they did together. It helped to reaffirm her sense of strength after Vitali had accidentally knocked her senseless. She knew that Vitali reduced his power when sparring with her because of her gender, and greatly resented that fact. When he did increase his power, though, it never turned out very well for her. At least she knew he did not mean to harm her, which could not be said of Vasily. She had only sparred with Vasily once, and had finished unconscious on the floor. She had no desire to repeat that experience.

That's all I have time for now. More coming tomorrow.

Another thing - is there any way to remove a tag from a topic? I might include some male material in this story, and then the Female tag would cease to be appropriate.

*007*2012-05-16 15:59

I'm going to have to double-post here since I am unable to edit my last post.

###

The BTR-80 pulled into a clearing by the road and stuttered to a standstill. Leonid Section filed out in brisk order, with Vasily emerging last, brandishing his corporal's stripes on his arm.

"Before we begin our march, I'm going to give you a quick inspection. Stand to attention!" The privates moved in unison. Vasily strode down the line, gazing into the eyes of each man and chilling him to the core. When he reached Natalya, standing faultlessly straight in an immaculate uniform, he stopped and turned to face her. He threaded his fingers through Natalya's curtain of brown hair. Her heart rate increased considerably - not from romantic tension but from primal terror which she was failing to control. She had to run...

"Stop it, Vasily. You didn't do this to any of us." It was Vitali. His promise was true.

"NO TALKING IN THE RANKS!" snapped Vasily. He revelled in the recoil of the cowed privates. But Vitali did not step back.

"Stop it, Vasily. If you're going to advance on her, you should advance on us as well."

"But you are not girls. You are men, although I sometimes struggle to believe so" - he struck Aleksandr with an iron glance - "and I am not a faggot." Vitali was enraged. He was not going to retreat, nor allow Vasily the last word.

"What difference would it make if you were gay?"

Vasily was genuinely stunned by this shocking suggestion. This brief moment gave Natalya the chance to back off, which she did with rapid alacrity. Her heart was pounding harder than on even the most arduous physical exercise. If she had not been tensing her pelvic floor, she would probably be standing in a puddle. Why was she so scared of this man? What was he going to do to her? She did not want to consider the workings of his contorted mind.

"I would be a faggot, a pussy and a waste of space," Vasily said, cold and calm once more, "and I would not be fit to command you."

The oppurtunity presented itself to Vitali in a great fanfare. "Like you are now, then."

Several privates gasped, stirring the silence. Natalya was in awe of Vitali. She would never have had the courage to say that...no, she would. A woman can do anything a man can do, and do it just as well. She forced her maxim through her panicked head.

Vasily seemed unfazed by Vitali's slur until his mouth opened again.

"Vitali," he said, once again in his schoolmaster's tone, "get back inside the vehicle. You shall not be coming on this exercise, and I shall be sending you back to base for a court-martial."

Vitali turned and began to walk towards the BTR-80. As he seated himself he winked at Natalya. At that precise moment she realised that she needed him to come with her. She couldn't protect herself, but he could protect her. Either he was coming, or she wasn't.

"Vasily-"

"That's Corporal to you," Vasily spat.

"Corporal, if you don't let him go, I won't go either."

"Awww. You want your handsome prince to protect you? What happened to feminism? Oh, that's it - reality just happened."

Natalya began to walk back to the BTR-80. Vasily realised that she was serious about this threat. He couldn't let her go - he had a lot of fun planned for her. Well, it was more fun for him involving her.

"Alright, Natalya. Your boyfriend can come too. But if his mouth comes out with any more bullshit, you will both be punished."

Vitali stepped out of the APC looking somewhat astounded. Without thinking he walked over to Natalya and embraced her. This lasted for about a second before he noticed the stares of the fellow privates and stepped back.

"Purely platonic..." said Natalya, her voice slipping into a giggle.

"Grab yourself an AK74 from the APC," said Vasily, "except Natalya. I don't trust girls with automatics."

When the fact that Natalya was the third best shot in the barracks, after Vitali and Vasily, was considered, this was ridiculous. The real reason was obvious. Vasily didn't want someone he'd just sexually harrassed to have the ability to shoot him. The soldiers turned and walked back to the APC. Each one took an AK74, with 2 exceptions - Natalya keeping her hands empty, and Vitali taking 2 rifles, with one slung across his back. He wasn't going to let Vasily's sexism obstruct Natalya's ability to defend herself.

That's all I have time for now. More coming tomorrow.

*010*2012-05-17 15:58

The desperation starts now. Most of the more hardcore stuff is near the end.

###

"Natalya," called Vasily, "I have a special job for you. Come over here." Natalya reluctantly walked towards him. He wanted to come over her. She knew that with a 100% confidence.

"Obviously we can't have women in combat roles," Vasily continued, "so you will be carrying the medical supplies." He thrust a large medikit into her hands. If Vasily's will was unbridled it would not be just his hands which were thrusting. "I'm sorry if I disturbed you earlier. In fact, I feel I must apologise further." He pulled out a flask from his pocket. "Drink this. It will keep your fragile female body warm during the march." Natalya's first thought was "ketamine". Her second was "date rape". Her third was "fuck".

"It's very generous of you, but I don't want to drink on duty." Vasily's facade of kindness collapsed.

"Drink it. That's an order."

As Natalya opened the flask, carried it to her mouth and tipped it back, she felt her instincts screaming at her to run, or fight, or do anything but her present actions. Her friends wouldn't let her be raped, would they? Vitali wouldn't let Vasily have his way with her. If it was spiked, Vasily would be caught and sent to prison. Suddenly she was struck by a grim epiphany. She was no longer in control of her body. She was entrusting her care to her male comrades. What was she doing? She was supposed to be a feminist. A woman can do anything a man can do, and do it just as well...The flask ran dry. She gave it back to Vitali. Before long Vasily would be giving it to her...no, he would not. Vitali would save her. Her mind screeched with incongruity. She had never really had a serious boyfriend before...would her virginity really go to Vasily? She felt a brawny arm across her back. "Come on, Natalya." It was Vitali's voice. "Everyone else is waiting for you."

"Good girl," said Vasily as they walked towards the rest of the section.

Leonid Section marched in single file into the forest, with Vasily in the lead and Natalya in the rear. (No, I'm not going to make another pun. Make your own.) Vitali was marching in front of her. She had to march considerably quicker to stay close to him. "Natalya," he whispered. "Take this." He handed her the other AK74 he had picked up in the APC. "Thank you," she replied.

"What were you doing back there?" asked Aleksandr. "Cuddling each other, I mean."

"We were just expressing our friendship," said Natalya, making maximum effort to seem sincere. "There's nothing innately sexual in a man embracing a woman."

Vitali blushed a little. Although nobody had noticed, he had developed a 25cm erection while holding Natalya, and was very glad that battledress trousers were loose-fitting. He felt like a complete pervert. But then, no one could really accuse him of being a pervert with Vasily in command.

"Vitali, do you fancy Natalya?"

"Doesn't everyone?" Vitali blushed deeper, but everyone's cheeks were red from the frigid (not in that way) air which hung (not in that way) without the faintest breeze.

"I don't." Although he had not officially emerged from the closet, Aleksandr made no effort to disguise his homosexuality. No one but Vasily cared very much.

"Well, obviously not. But I've seen at least half the section trying to position themselves from a glance down Natalya's shirt."

Natalya could second this.

The march went on for several hours, and Natalya was carefully monitoring her body for the signs of poison. Even at her most sensitive she could detect nothing but a rapidly growing urge to relieve herself. This was the one situation when she truly wished she could temporarily change sex. All a man had to do to relieve himself was open his flies. A woman had to take her trousers down and squat, which was far more inconvenient and obvious. She'd been out to this camp before - there wasn't much further left. She could hold it until then. That confidence ebbed away as the urge grew inexorably stronger. She squeezed her legs together as she marched.

"I'm going to take a pee," said Aleksandr before dashing behind a tree. Natalya decided to take this oppurtunity to put her aching bladder at ease. "Me too," she said before stepping out of line. She didn't want a man to see her with her trousers down, not even a gay one, although perhaps she could trust Vitali...no, she had to get some privacy. She walked deeper into the trees.

"What are you doing?" came the yell from Vasily. Natalya's bladder contracted in shock. She bent over and shoved a hand into her crotch. "Come back here."

"I'm relieving myself, and I want some privacy."

"This is the Army! We don't do privacy. If you're going to take a pee, you'll do it right in front of my eyes."

"Actually, I don't need to go that badly." She ran back to the marching line and tried to regain her rhythm while simultaneously tensing her pelvic floor.

That's all I have time for now. The desperation has begun...

*011*2012-05-18 15:22

The desperation continues...

###

"I need to go so badly," whispered Natalya.

"You'll just have to go in front of Vasily," answered Vitali. "I won't let him do anything to you."

"No, I can hold it until we get there. I have no idea why I need to go this much. I haven't had much to drink recently." Natalya was renowned for her ability to go without relief for hours. Why had she suddenly contracted this urge? The thought presented itself before her. Vasily had given her diuretics. Why would he do that? She wondered if she really wanted to know. She did not. Her brain was slowling filling with calls to empty her bladder. She wasn't going to give in to Vasily's licentious impulses. She would and could hold it until they arrived. She repeated that thought as her bladder stretched with every step of the march.

After a short period of time stretched in her perception by her discomfort Leonid Section emerged from the woods and marched into the deserted camp. Ivan Section had left a few hours before. After she had removed her pack and gun Natalya immediately sprinted for the latrines. A harsh grip on her left arm brought her to an abrupt halt and caused her bladder to spasm again. She bent over and let out a slight squeal. She turned round and saw the cruel features of Vasily looking down on her from a peak of chauvinism.

"Where are you going? I didn't give you permission to do as your little mind may please."

"I need to use the bathroom." Inside the savage mind of Vasily Ivanovich Kutuzov ran a multitude of salacious fantasies. Those immaculate trousers of hers would not stay such for much longer.

"Did I give you permission to use the bathroom?"

"No, but I really need to go and you wouldn't let me go on the march."

"Bollocks. If you weren't so fucking self-conscious, you would have just gone in front of me. You can't need to go that badly."

Vitali, who had been listening to this conversation with increasing disgust, finally decided to intervene. Vasily was not going to make his...friend humiliate herself.

"Vasily, are you trying to make Natalya pee herself?"

"No!" snapped Vasily, feinging indignation. "I just don't think that she has a decent excuse to disobey orders."

"I'm not going to pee myself!" Natalya felt patronised. She wasn't going to soil her trousers like a little child. She could hold it. She might be more desperate than she could ever remember, but she could hold it.

"See? She doesn't really need to go. Now, both of you, get back in line. Now!"

Natalya and Vitali walked back into line, holding hands behind their backs for a few seconds before coming to their reasonable senses.

Siberian days are short in the winter, and the sun was already slipping out of view. Vasily, however, devoted no time to marvel at this sight. As he strolled down the line giving each man his duties, Natalya was thinking one thing - "Don't make me a sentry. Don't make me a sentry..." But even in her head she knew this hope was false. For reasons beyond her blithe understanding, Vasily was trying to make her soil herself. As expected, Vasily nominated her and Vitali as sentries, while everyone else went to dinner. If she did have an accident, at least the one man who saw would be the one she truly trusted...but she was not going to have an accident. Her bladder might be stretched beyond what she formerly thought possible, but she would not have an accident.

"Have fun, sweethearts." Vasily was speaking in his schoolmaster's tone again. "Natalya, if you have a little accident in your trousers, I'm sure Vitali will be only too happy to clean you up."

That's all I have time for now.

BTW, we've had an awesome evening, nudge nudge. The amount I've written indicates how long Kimiko usually spends in the shower.

GTG now.

*013*2012-05-19 14:16

Now for the climax (excuse the pun)...

###

Until this time Natalya had tried and succeeded to conceal her desperation. Now that was no longer possible. Hopping from one foot to the other bent over at 20 degrees with one hand rammed into her crotch, even the most unobservant pervert would know that she was in dire need of a bathroom. She looked at her watch. There were still 45 minutes left until relief. She could not hold it that long...

"Vitali," she said, in a faint whimper, "I don't think I can hold it."

"You mean...you're going to pee yourself?"

Her bladder spasmed. She bent over and squealed.

"Yes..." Her voice was quavering and her eyes began to cloud with tears. She was an adult woman. How could she be in this situation? How could she be minutes from utter humiliation in front of the man she loved? How could Vasily be so cruel?

"I'll cover you while you go."

"I'll go behind this hut. Watch out for Vasily."

Natalya waddled behind the hut, loosened her belt and began to lower her trousers.

"Natalya! Who gave you permission to leave your post?"

Natalya pulled up her trousers and let out a squeal of shock. As she settled again she realised that the squeal was not all she had let out. Her underwear was warm and damp. For the first time in her life, she had wet herself. Despite this leak she still felt more desperate than ever before. Thankfully her trousers were still dry. Vasily did not know that her bladder had failed her, and neither did Vitali...who was standing beside Vasily.

"Vitali was still watching..."

"Vitali doesn't have eyes in the back of his head! We need people looking both ways!"

"I'm desperate for the bathroom. I was only going to take a few minutes..."

"If you're desperate for the bathroom, you go at your post. As a man, that means undoing your flies and wetting on the floor. As a woman, that means going in your trousers. If you don't like that idea, I'm sure I could get you some diapers. Maybe Vitali could change you, and give you a spanking while he's at it."

Vitali could not just stand there speechless. This bastard was not going to humiliate Natalya. "Stop it, Vasily. Corporal Chuikov always let us go."

"In case you haven't noticed, I'm not Corporal Chuikov. And that's stop it, Corporal." Vasily smacked Vitali across the face with the back of his hand. Deep in the recesses of Vitali's mind, the conflagrant aggression he had hidden all his life was stirring. His mighty muscles tensed for action. He was still barely in control of himself. So, so barely.

Meanwhile Natalya was about to lose control of herself, but in a very different way. Her damp underwear mocked her feminine body. If she was Vitali she could have avoided this. If she was a man she could have avoided this...at least no one knew. As that thought passed through her her bladder, unaware of the circumstances, contracted again with hereto unseen force. She bent over almost to a right angle and whimpered. Beside the agonising crush of her bladder she felt warmth growing in her groin. She urinated for about a second before regaining control. She surveyed the damage to her trousers. Her thick underwear had saved her from visible humiliation again, but it was saturated to its limit.

She could not wet herself in front of the man she loved most and the man she hated most. She had to run. Without thinking she sprinted away from the hut. Vasily smirked and started after her. No matter what your position is on gender equality, there is no doubting that in equal circumstances a man will outrun a woman, and these were not equal circumstances. Vasily's legs were much longer than Natalya's and he was not trying to hold in a litre of urine. After a few metres Vasily grabbed Natalya round the abdomen and stopped her instantly. He jerked her back against his body. She felt a hard object poking into her back. For once in her life she hoped it was a gun. She was wrong.

Vasily watched in bitter ecstasy as the litre of urine Natalya had been battling for hours soaked through her trousers and into his. The dark patch grew down the inside of her legs and entered her boots, which began to fill with pee. Vasily stroked Natalya's agonised crotch as it poured out more urine than he had passed in a day. Natalya's attention was on her crotch, but she was not concerned about her complete failure to control her own body. She was concerned about Vasily's dextrous hand rubbing her in a way that made her feel terrified but also strangely pleased. As a virgin who had never even masturbated she had little experience of sexual arousal. The only experience she could compare it to was one time when she was riding in a truck with a heavy diesel engine and her genitals began to feel strange. That was no comparison to this.

She had to fight back. Using her elbow she jabbed into Vasily's solid abdominals. Most men would have keeled over and wheezed, but Vasily felt nothing. He tightened his left arm around Natalya's neck, drove his knee into her groin and struck her in the back with his right arm. Her body folded over and crumpled to the ground. (This is a genuine takedown as practised by ninjas. Don't try it at home.) Placing his left boot on Natalya's chest, Vasily opened his flies to reveal an erection that went past the "this is going to feel nice" stage to the "holy shit it's going to rip my vagina" stage (that comes from my wife, by the way. Mine is in the "this is going to feel nice" area. It's odd, considering she's only slept with one man in her entire life). Natalya felt nothing but dread and terror. She was going to lose her virginity - her precious virginity, which she was saving for that special man - to this monster. She screamed in despair. Vasily shoved his boot in her mouth.

"Be glad it's only a boot."

Then she passed out.

I'm leaving it on a cliffhanger. I'm a complete bastard. Tomorrow I'll finish it off.

*014*2012-05-20 07:21

Now for the conclusion of this story. Actually, it might not be...

###

Natalya's eyes opened to see the roof of a BTR-80 rattling above her head. Beside her stood Vitali, looking battered. There was a stab wound on his right side, just below the lung. She looked down at her body. She was still in her sodden trousers. She could not feel anything oozing out of any orifice. That was a good sign.

"Vitali!" came a cry from another man. "She's come round."

Vitali picked up Natalya's head and kissed her.

"Did he...have his way with me?" Natalya asked.

"No," Vitali's voice calmed her. "You're still a virgin."

"Where is he now?"

"Nowhere. I killed him."

Natalya sat upright. "How?"

"Do you want the long version or the short version?"

Natalya giggled at the innuendo, as did most of the crew of the APC.

"Personally I'd like the long version."

Just as Vasily was crouching down to pull down Natalya's trousers, he heard pounding footfalls behind him. He stood up, turned round and pulled out his knife. Vitali was sated with shock and rage. He crashed into Vasily with his right shoulder and both men fell to the ground. Vasily stuck his knife into the soft side of his abdomen. The adrenalin prevented Vitali from noticing. He shot his fingers into Vasily's throat. Vasily knocked the blow aside and headbutted Vitali's chest. Vitali fell backwards, winded. Vasily stood up to finish him. Then he felt his maculinity being emasculated as a mighty boot smashed into his aroused genitals.

He crumpled over and collapsed, groaning. Vitali had tricked him. Bleeding vigorously from his side, Vitali grabbed the knife from Vasily, who was finding his feet again. Vitali slashed him across the backs of his knees (a Malaysian technique. Don't try this at home.) and Vasily collapsed again. Vitali lurched to his feet, his vision suffering from loss of blood, and stamped his right foot onto Vasily's neck. His hands were insufficient protection from this crushing blow. As strike after strike after strike crushed his vital systems his arms slackened. Vitali crouched down. He knew it was the wrong thing to do. But no one was going to rape Natalya. He drove the knife into Vasily's temple. Vasily's savage eyes rolled upwards, his mauled throat gurgled and, as victims of fatal brain injuries do, he soiled his trousers. A fitting end for him, in a way. That was Vitali's last thought before he also collapsed from loss of blood.

"OK...so how did you get here? And why are you standing up?"

"I found him," said Aleksandr. "And Vitali, you shouldn't be standing up. It should be Natalya doting over you. Lie down."

Vitali reluctantly lay down again. "Have you ever heard of double standards?"

"What are those?" asked Natalya.

"Most men are tougher than most women, so it should always be the man who suffers and gives things up for his love."

"Do you agree?"

"Yes, I do."

Vitali had saved her from a fate that made death seem like fun. Could she have saved him? No.

"You know, I think I do too."

That's the end, for now anyway. I hope you enjoyed it.

