Accident at school

Author: Omo-Homo

*000*2012-10-15 21:23

This story is based of a dream i had a while ago, so enjoy.

Ashley woke up on the morning of the SAT test. She didnt want to go today but if she didnt, she woudnt go to college.

She decided to wear dark wash skiny jeans, white shirt, and a black bra, not to mention a thong. She also wore her favorite UGG boots. They were silver and sparkely.

Before she went to school, she stopped at a cafe, where she got a 32 ounce coffe and a cookie. She downed the coffe and got a sip at the water fountain before she left.

She arrived a minute before they started. She noticed a slight discomfort in her bladder, but didnt think much of it at the time. And she knew she woudnt be allowed to use the restrooms until everyone was done.

Halfway through the test, she noticed her urge had become quite bad. Her thighs were pressed together under her desk.

After she finished the test, her urge had doubled. Her lower stomach and her bladder were in severe pain. As she went to turn it in, she decided to ask to pee

"Uh, Mr.Omorashi"

"Yes Ashley"

" May i use the restroom?"

"Sure, but you have to take a boy with you"

She scanned the room and only one was done. His name was Sam. He was an imposing 6 foot 8 inches and he was wide. So she hobbled over to him and asked

" I need someone to go to the bathroom with, can you come?"

"Sure"

So they walked out by the lockers when she got the thought "What if i do pee myself?". So she hobbled over to her locker to take off her UGG's when she knew for certain she woudn't make it.

"Sam, come here."

"What?"

Stand in front of me and make sure no one comes over here"

"Why?"

"Just do it!"

So he did what sh sai and stood in front of her. She had a locker in the corner, so it was easier than if it was in the open.

She was frantically trying to open her locker. When she finally got it open, her bladder burst. A humongous dark stain on her jeans. Sam could hear a peeing noise and saw that she had peed herself.

She almost started crying when she just launched herself into Sam's arms. Thats when she started bawling. Sam inspected the damage. Her jeans were soaked and her boots were soaked. She changed into another outfit she had, her cheer practice stuff.

She told him not to tell anyone. He said he woudnt then, much to his suprise, she kissed him. Then she said " See you tommorrow big boy". She winked at him then went back to class. He sorta stood there for a while, staring into space with a dreamy look in his eyes. Then he went back to class.

So, how did you like it? I might write another part.

Well for now just read and review.

Thanks, Omo-Homo

*003*2012-10-19 21:57

Alrighty folks, im going to write another chapter, but i want YOUR input. I would like to know what clithes you want her wearing. Can be anything but nude and panty wetting(Not because i dont like them, but i suck at writing them). So, give me your feedback, Thanks.

*004*2012-10-20 20:57

Alright, since there was no feedback on clothing, i decided to do leggings. These leggings are like wetlook leggings and they are green but they have a zipper on the front. I know it doesnt exist but it does now, so enjoy.

"That dinner was amazing!"

"I know, red robin is my favorite place."

Ashley and Sam had just gotten done with dinner, and were walking home. Ashley had drank a lot of soda, but didnt go pee, so she kinda had to pee. And cold weather wasnt helping.

Ashley was wearing Green Zip-Up leggings with a black shirt. Sam was wearing a sweatshirt and shorts.

After a little but of walking, she needed to pee really bad. At this point, she was walking in short steps and had both hands in her crotch. By suprise, a littlespurt came out, dampening her panties but didnt show on her leggings.

After another 15 minutes of walking, she was at her bursting point. She stopped every 16 steps and doubled over. It got so bad she said she needed to pop a squat. They were in a forested area, so it would be easier. She asked him to stand guard and he did.

She got behind the trees. She was about to burst when she started to unzip her leggings. But there was 1 problem.

The zipper was stuck.

She frantically worked to get it down when she burst. She was still trying to unzip them while she was peeing. She knew she lost the nattle and gave up.

Sam cane back to check on her."Are you ok, i heard noises?" but then he saw her leggings and knew it all. "Its like everything bad happened in one day, first during the test today and now this? Its like today is cursed or something" She then tugged at her zipper and it opened. "Oh now it works!" she said.

So then they treked to Sams house where she was going to spend the night. When they got to Sams room he reached for her bag but she pushed him onto his bed. She got on top of him and said"I think we both deserve some fun tonight". So then they started "Having fun". After fun time was over, Ashley sprawled out next to him. "Arent you going to change?" he asked. Shesaid no and he was fine with that.

As he was drifting off into sleep, Ashley whispered into his ear"I love you Sam"

"I love you to Ashley"

So how did you like it. Feedback is appreciated as alway, so yeah. Read and review Thanks.

