Ganymede Womens' Penitentiary Station

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-02-02 06:47

(So far, I've written a sci-fi fiction and a crime fiction. So I was wondering, what if I combine both? So as previous people have pointed out, my stories are kind of unrealistic, which means Ill do my best to overcome that. It is set in space, so Ill definitely get some physics concepts wrong, im not an astrophysicist lol. Ill also include more omo into my story, while developing it. It seems that having unlikable protagonists adds a sort of excitement for their wetting, so ill carry on that theme. You guys know whats next: enjoy! and please leave criticisms, it helps me write stuff that you guys can enjoy! :3)

Morgan Stephens was bobbing her leg up and down, fast. She bit down on her lower lip. She could not stay still at all. Her bladder was dangerously full. The shuttle flight to the station affected her bladder, and by the time the ship reached the station, Morgan was already struggling with a full bladder. There was gravity on the ship, like on Earth, as the ship was moving fast enough to have its' own "mini-orbit"

The guards had her hands handcuffed behind a pole, leaving her stuck to the pole on the bench. She was told to sit down, and wait. The time wasn't specified, so Morgan could be taken to a cell with a toilet at any time. Could be in the next few seconds, or next few hours. But she couldn't wait that long. Please, just come already, let me use the toilet...

She tried her best to tell the guards about her need. There was one problem though: she couldn't talk. She was mute. Since her teenaged years, she lost her voice due to a severe throat infection. Even like that, she was able to rise as the founder and CEO of one of the most powerful private military firms on Earth, Mars and Europa.

She squirmed and whimpered while with the guards, but they only ignored her. Her body language was denied, responded with "quit your bullshit!", before being handcuffed into the holding cell with four other prisoners. All five of the ladies had their mouths shut with tape, so even if Morgan could speak, it wouldnt matter. She looked around, hoping one of the four other women would be desperate, so that the humiliation could be at least shared, maybe the other one could have an accident to divert attention away from Morgan. But nobody else looked as strained as her. Two stood still in tiredness and defeat. One was crying, but not squirming or doing anything that looked desperate. And one was actually asleep.

Just then, the guards came in.

"All right, ladies, time to go on a little trip" one of the guards yelled out. The guards went to each woman, uncuffing them, only to re-cuff them once they weren't bound to the pipe.

Morgan crossed her legs tightly, and jumped up and down while the guard was handling her, hoping that the guard would understand her.

"Stay still, quit moving"

Morgan stopped jumping up and down. She felt tears of desperation water her eyes. She could only wait until they put her in a cell with a toilet. Her fight was no longer trying to get the guards attention, but to stay dry. She hoped it would be soon.

The prisoners were walked to a small room, that looked kind of like a classroom. There were five rows of seats lined up. There were a few other prisoners, sitting by themselves, handcuffed and gagged like the others. Standing in the front was a woman with a sinister smile on her face. She had an petite build, with great legs outlined by tight fitting slacks, and her small and perky chest outlined by a frilly dress shirt under a grey business jacket. Her hair was tied up in a long ponytail that reached her lower back. Her framed glasses gave her a sort of "nerdy" look. Through those glasses, she gave each prisoner that came in an intense stare with her deep green eyes.

Morgan could have sworn the girl was no older than 18. But with all the breakthroughs in biotechnology and nanotechnology in the last few hundred years, there were no 19-year olds. Morgan herself looked like she was in her teens through nanotherapy, despite being 185 years old. She had an athletic build, flat chest, feathered blond hair, blue eyes and creamy white skin.

She kept squirming slightly while being walked to a chair.

"I told you to stop fidgeting around, quit playing around"

Morgan whimpered. She didn't want to wet herself. While changing out of her usual business wear on the stations processing area, they gave her an orange jumpsuit with the zipper on the back, with "PR 20123, WAR CRIMES" printed on the left side of the zipper, and "STEPHENS, MORGAN" printed on the front under a pocket on her shirt. The jumpsuits were tight, made out of a cheap fabric. They let her keep her matching red and black-polka dot bra and hipster panties. But the guards were clear: that was the only clothes they would be getting, because they weren't going to spend money on keeping prisoners comfortable. If Morgan were to wet herself, she would be forced to wear her soiled uniform until it eventually dried up. It gave her a good reason to fight back.

She kept on squirming and whimpering in her seat. She was shameless about it, wanting to prevent any embarrassing accidents. As Morgan kept moving around, she couldn't help but notice that the girl in the front of the room was staring at her with those green eyes, and a small smile. Morgan moved her eyes to look directly at the girls eyes. She knew then that the girl was definitely looking straight at her, ignoring everyone else. The look on her eyes gave Morgan some sort of bad vibe. But she didn't have time for that, her bladder was more urgent.

The girl snapped her fingers, and a guard when up to her. She whispered something quickly into the guards ear, while looking over to Morgan. The guard then walked to Morgan, and took her out of her seat.

"C'mon, we'll give you the best seats in the house"

With that, Morgan was taken to the front row. She noticed that she was the only one in the front row. The second row was empty. The third row, only two other prisoners were sitting. Everyone else was in the fourth or fifth row. Now Morgan was seated directly a few feet away from the girl with the green eyes, who was still fixating those eyes on Morgan. Morgan put her head down, trying to ignore the girl, who was now talking.

"Is that all of them? The shuttles are clear?"

"Yes Director" yelled out a guard.

"OK, lets begin with them."

The guards shut the doors, and walked around with a clipboard, checking off things as they walked behind the rows.

"So yes, welcome ladies, to the Ganymede Women's Penitentiary, the only space station dedicated to holding up trash of the female kind, such as yourselves. My name is Amanda Thalasakos, and I am the warden and director of Ganymede"

Morgan was concentrating more on her bladder, so she didnt really care who the girl was, or what she wanted to say. She just needed the bathroom as soon as possible.

"Ganymede was made to house the worst female criminals who are serving long sentences for heinous crimes on Earth and the Colonies. Some of you are murderers, deviants, and pure evil. Others are just white-collar brats with a long record of embezzlement, tax fraud and other things that amount to strong punishment"

Please, just get on with it, I need to go, I cant hold it!

"Our goal here at Ganymede is to reform each and everyone of you. All prisoners here have sentences no lesser than 1000 years, so we have all the time in the world to reform you back into respectable and decent ladies. As you may have noticed, the guards are all female. Ganymede has an all-female staff, due to the controversies risen from having male staff at female prisons on Earth. Don't believe that it means we will treat you with high respect or sisterhood, just because we have similar anatomy in between our legs."

Oh no, no, no, I'm about to burst. I cant do this....

"We hold criminals from all over the world, making us an international institution, so we are not represented by any government, not even the United Nations. That means we are allowed to use any and all necessary means to get you all back into....uhh..."

Just hold it in, keep calm and-

"Is there an issue? Am I perhaps boring you?"

Whoa, who is she calling out?

Morgan looked up, only to see Thalasakos staring right at her. She looked around, the noticed the other guards and prisoners were looking at her.

"Yes, you in the front, I'm asking you a question. Am I boring you?"

Morgan turned red in embarrassment. She was now the focus of everyone's attention, and in a very bad way. Thalasakos walked slowly towards her.

"Ever since I started talking, I haven't seen you looking up and paying attention. You can either pay attention or leave."

Leave? To a cell?

Without thinking, Morgan nodded her head "yes".

"Yes, you are bored and want to leave?"

Morgan nodded yes again.

"Good. I truly appreciate your honesty. But if I may ask, why leave?"

Morgan didnt now how to respond. Thalasakos went up to her, and carefully peeled off the tape from her mouth. She made direct eye contact with Morgan, with a look more intense than ever.

"Well? What is it that you'd like to do that is more fun than hearing me speak?"

B...but...I cant speak! I need the bathroom, but cant say it!

"She's mute, Director Thalasakos, that's what her record says" said a guard from the back.

"Ahh, I see. I apologize for that. I didn't mean to neglect your disability, Miss.....umm...."

"Miss Morgan Stephens, Director. Prisoner 20123, charged by Interpol with war crimes"

"Oh, war crimes? Her? She's a poster child for conservatives though."

"Background says she was the CEO of a primary military firm. She purposely ordered several massacres in Central America, under a contract with a corrupt government"

Morgan looked down in shame. With the desperation, along with guilt and humiliation, she felt tears run begin to run down her cheeks

"Really, are you telling me this angel is capable of inhumanely ordering the deaths of poor farmers for money? Sure it wasn't a bad court decision or a mistake? She looks so....innocent". Some of the guards snickered, and Thalasakos herself suppressed a giggle.

"No ma'am. About a thousand or so deaths at the hands of her firm, from Guatemala to Panama, they had no chance and Miss Stephens knew it. Evidence tab here says that she wrote in an e-mail, and I quote, 'Intimidate the population, go into a few villages and unleash Hell, they are just coffee farmers, they shouldn't show the troops any sort of resistance', end quote. The paycheck was in the tens of millions. She even brought herself a new yacht on Earth afterwards, without a worry in the world"

Morgan felt sick to her stomach. Her bladder was about to burst any second, and what she least needed was to be reminded of her crimes, which she now finally repented.

"Wow. Unleash hell? On coffee farmers? Ganymede has seen some evil people, but you take the cake sweetheart."

Morgan shuddered as Thalasakos laid a gentle hand on her arm, and brought her mouth to her ear. She whispered softly into Morgan's ear.

"My love, the only one here that deserves Hell is you, and I'm here to bring it to you"

Thalasakos backed up, pressing her hand down on Morgan's bladder to get up. Morgan moaned in pain.

"So tell me, after all of this, you are still shameless enough to be bored. What is it that you want to do"

I....no....I'm guilty but....I didn't mean....I...

"Bathroom, and really urgently too."

Morgan had a look of surprise. How did she know?

"You seem surprised. I'll have you know I'm good at body language, and psychology in general. I studied criminal psychology under Dr. Joanna Whitestone at Harvard, specializing in body language for my thesis. I've seen my share of desperate prisoners."

Thalasakos began to walk back to the front of the room, giggling along the way

"I'm sorry Miss Stephens, but your record has led me to take back the little sympathy I have for you. It seems you won't make it out of here dry, I'm afraid"

Oh no.....

"I will be a little nice, won't tape you mouth up. It's not like it'd make any difference."

Morgan groaned. She felt her bladder begin to push back on her muscles that closed it up. The floodgates were ready to blow.

"Anyways, I'm sorry for the setback ladies. Shall we continue?"

A leak went out. Morgan bent forward. She was losing control.

"Since 2181, when the UN took this station from Chinese control after the Sino-Russian War, we've used this facility.."

Oh no....ohhh....nooo....

What started out as a small dribble into her underwear turned into longer, uncontrollable spurts. Morgan was wetting herself. The warm liquid pooled in her seat, spilling into the floor. By now, she was sure her underwear was soaked, and the entire bottom of her jumpsuit. She sobbed quietly at the discomfort and humiliation.

"...society deserves to be safe from degenerates such as yourselves, while.....oh my..."

Morgan had her head down in shame. She shut her eyes tightly when she heard the laughter of the guards. The only ones not laughing loudly were the other prisoners, who Morgan was sure would be enjoying her humiliation too, had their mouths not been taped up. Thalasakos wasn't laughing as well, as she instead took to humiliate Morgan further.

"Seems like you couldn't control your urges. Lucky you, in your only given uniform on your very first day here too..."

She grabbed Morgan by her cuffed hands, and stood her up, letting the others behind her see her soaked butt and thighs. Even though Morgan couldn't see it, she was sure that the tight jumpsuit outlined her firm butt and panty lines.

"Wouldn't you just love to take a shower and get into dry clothes? Too bad neither is offered. I suppose you should get to a cell now, I'll give you the presentation later, in private. I wont forget. Take our soaked friend to cell E-6."

Still sobbing, Morgan stood there, as two guards, still laughing, went up to her, and walked her out.

"Keep your head up high Miss Stephens. I'll have an eye out on you"

