School girls bathroom line thread

Author: DesperateQueue

*000*2020-11-02 17:13

$/63299-school-girls-bathroom-scenario/

See above for info. This info outlines a scenario of girls desperate to pee in a school setting between classes in a bathroom line, but they canobevlate or use the bathroom during class. Post comments or opinions in that thread, or down below.

*002*2020-11-06 05:08

{{On 11/3/2020 at 10:02 AM, Anji said:

Seems interesting. I'll be following your post

}}

Thanks. This is what I have to add as clarification for that original post. Let's take a look at Elizabeth on that list as an example. She gets to the restroom at the 2 minute mark (120 seconds), and short of actually leaking in her pants, she is about as desperate to pee as you can get, but if she doesn't get to a toilet quickly, she will pee her pants. Unfortunately for her, all the s talls are occupied and there are 5 girls ahead of her in line for 3 toilets, and she only has 3 minutes to wait in line, pee, and get to class.

Anyway, she waits in line for over 2 1/2 minutes and doesn't get to a stall until less than 30 seconds before class starts, but even though she'll get some type of punishment for being late, she has no choice but to pee and be late because of how desperate she is. After about a minute and a half, she exits the stall already over a minute late for class, and that doesn't take into account time to wash and dry hands plus head to class. My question is, what is going on in her own mind in this scenario?

And for those who didn't see my original post, it is right here. Let's say this scenario happens between third and fourth periods.

{{On 11/2/2020 at 2:28 AM, DesperateQueue said:

Before covid-19 started, it may have been common in some places at school for middle school or high school girls to encounter long bathroom lines during passing time between classes (with only 4 or 5 minutes between classes, and you can't be late and can't use the bathroom during class without some type of consequence). I've made some scenarios in the past, but I wanted to post a chart of an example of what might happen in a possible scenario and see what you think.

General guidelines are as follows:

1) 5 minutes between classes, 50 minute class periods (6 or 7 of them per day with lunch typically between fourth and fifth periods), and 3 stalls in each girls bathroom (of which there are say 3 of in the building).

2) All the girls in this scenario are between grades 9 and 12.

3) It takes each girl a minimum of 1 minute to pee (maybe longer if they are desperate). The chart below indicates many girls will need longer since they are so desparate.This means that in a 5 minute passing time, each stall can probably be used by 4 girls max, and with 3 stalls, that means only 12 girls get to use a stall before the tardy bell for class rings, and even some of them may be late (oh, we could let more girls use the stalls after the bell rings, but there will probably be consequences). And this doesn't take into account time needed to wash and dry hands and still get to class (that probably will take at least another minute or two on average). And make no mistake about it, this pandemic emphasizes the need for good hand washing, so they can't really skip that part. While doing #2 is possible, let’s assume only #1 for this scenario.

4) The first 3 girls are seniors, the next 3 are juniors, the next 3 are sophomores, and the remaining girls in line are all freshmen (just to make it more interesting and unfair).

5) Each girl is wearing either light blue jeans or blue jean shorts, so if they pee their pants, it will be noticeable to others unless they somehow are able to clean themselves up. Also, none of them have a spare set of clothes to change into

6) Cutting in line is not allowed, regardless of desperation. Peeing in a water bottle, sink, trash can, floor, desk, or chair is not alllowed either.

7) Any girl that is late for any reason (long bathroom line is not a valid excuse unless one or more of the toilets are stopped up, which we will assume is not the case) will face a one-hour afte school detention to be served the next day, and their parents will have to sign the form (and the detention will say reason is "tardy to class" or something like that)

Here's the chart of the scenario. All times are in seconds related to when previous class ended unless noted otherwise. Any girl with a desperation of 90 or more is about to pee her pants within the next 5 minutes or so, and probably needs at least a minute and a half to pee. Please look through it and post any thoughts down below:

Name

Arrival Time

Number ahead in Line (as of arrival time)

Desperation (scale of 0 to 100)

Next available stall time/enter stall time

Wait time

Stall use time

Exit stall time

Heather

15

0

50

15

0

75

90

Michele

20

0

55

20

0

73

93

Heidi

25

0

60

25

0

70

95

Stephanie

40

0

65

90

50

75

165

Tiffany

45

1

70

93

48

80

173

Tina

50

2

75

95

45

77

172

Angie

60

3

80

165

105

80

245

Brandy

75

4

85

172

97

86

258

Courtney

90

4

90

173

83

114

287

Danielle

105

3

90

245

140

94

339

Caitlin

110

4

95

258

148

95

353

Elizabeth

120

5

95

287

167

90

377

Jennifer

125

6

95

339

214

91

430

Jessica

130

7

95

353

223

94

447

Laura

135

8

95

377

242

90

467

}}

