Ideas

Author: Guest 0blivi0usly

*000*2013-02-10 07:19

Okay so i have an idea for like a school bus driver, who's a woman, who basically gets screwed over and ends up wetting herself out of desperation, and I was wondering if it would be worth writing?

*003*2013-02-10 18:37

Thanks guys, i'll try.

*004*2013-02-10 18:50

This is the first chapter.

*006*2013-02-10 22:28

I just hate the texting format on here. :/

*010*2013-02-12 01:16

Chapter 1

###

It was the Afternoon and June had pulled up with the school bus at the Junior High with an ever increasing need to use the restroom, knowing if she couldn't it could be a little hazardous.

She sighed as she opened the doors and the bell rang. She rushed and grabbed the keys out of the ignition so that the treacherous little devils wouldn't get any ideas.

She was jogging up the sidewalk of the bus drop off when the principal walked out and said to her, "miss you need to get back on your bus the kids will be coming out any minute." She said "Mr Johnson you have to understand I have an overactive bladder and I just finished the preschool route a few moments ago…I really need the loo."

He pointed to the bus and she attempted to rush past him and made it as he said "I'd suggest you listen or I will report you disobedience to your boss." She thought about it a moment as her bladder throbbed from her intake of liquids and sighed. Her boss was a cruel man, who didn't give a rip about humiliation. He'd fire her. Mr Johnson held his cell phone out to show her and she hung her head as she rushed to the bus.

When she sat on the driver seat she thought of what she could do. She could stop at a rest area, and risk torment from them when she got back, or she could wait it out…this was very perplexing to her, because the kids made her cry a lot, over the stuff they said, she didn't want to know what would happen if she was known as a small-bladdered person. They'd probably try and humiliate her again. Her only other option is to wait it out.

*012*2013-02-12 06:14

Hmm i'll work on it, see, i've been working on this forever on going story for awhile, about 3 years now. this is like a side story from it.

*013*2013-02-12 06:45

It was the Afternoon and June had pulled up with the school bus at the Junior High with an ever increasing need to use the restroom, knowing if she couldn't it could be a little hazardous. She had been at the bus barn, not watching the time, as she ate her lunch, with her favourite drink, iced tea, a natural diuretic. The announcement to start the route came to a surprise as she had been sitting there chatting with old friends. The time had slipped away from her. As she got up she felt the urge, but knew she didn't have the time, so she boarded her bus, not thinking much of it. But during the preschool route, it escalated, and now she was stuck. She sighed as she opened the doors and the bell rang. She rushed and grabbed the keys out of the ignition so that the treacherous little devils wouldn't get any ideas.

She was jogging up the sidewalk of the bus drop off when the principal walked out.

She stopped knowing he'd tell her to go back and sure enough, he said to her, "miss you need to get back on your bus the kids will be coming out any minute." She said "Mr. Johnson you have to understand I have an overactive bladder and I just finished the preschool route a few moments ago…I really need the loo."

He pointed to the bus and she attempted to rush past him and made it as he said "I'd suggest you listen or I will report you disobedience to your boss." She thought about it a moment as her bladder throbbed from her intake of liquids and sighed. She put a hand on her abdomen and she thought at it. Her boss was a cruel man, who didn't give a rip about humiliation. He'd fire her on the dot. Mr. Johnson held his cell phone out to show her and she hung her head, feeling the urge once more as she rushed to the bus.

When she sat down on the driver's seat she thought of what she could do. June was a slim beautiful woman. Who, today, was wearing a floating black shirt with a cardigan sweater. She had soft blonde hair, so blonde it was almost white, but she wasn't very old. In her early twenties, her skin represented her youth with a remarkable pale olive skin tone, a soft beauty mark right on her left collarbone, which was shown slightly through on her chest; a reasonable size, C cup breasts. She was one you'd often admire from afar. Freckles dotted her arms in a pale brown but none were on her face. A lot of the High school boys used to have crushes on her, but for some reason that changed, and they despised her.

She was chased up in her thoughts of what to do as she sat there contemplating. She could stop at a rest area, and risk torment from them when she got back, or she could wait it out…this was very perplexing to her. It was perplexing because the kids made her cry a lot, over the stuff they said. They were harsh and cruel, they swore like her mother used to, when she threw beer bottles at her head…It always brought bad memories up if they worded it like her mother used to…Bringing her to tears. She didn't want to know what would happen if she was known as the small-bladder person. They'd probably try and humiliate her again, just as she had been humiliated time and time again, by previous life events. Her only other option is to wait it out. She sighed, knowing it was most likely a terrible idea; but the only way to not risk humiliation, in her paranoid eyes.

 
