Wet summer days

Author: Infinite

*000*2012-07-19 00:11

I wrote another oneshot involving Jamie and Matthew. If you want to, you can read my other oneshot involving these characters. This story refers to that one, but you don't necessarily have to read it. Again, I want to say that English isn't my first language, even though people told me it's fine. It just irks me that I sometimes can't use the best words or that I'm not always sure of the grammar. Anyways, enjoy! ^_^

Jamie was walking to his friend’s house in his swimming shorts. Matthew had invited him to come over to swim in their brand new pool and of course Jamie agreed. It had been hot all week and he did not have a pool at home. The public pool was crowded by thirteen years old boys and their giggling girlfriends. Jamie would rather not get involved with them. When he rang the doorbell he was surprised to see Matt’s mom. “Oh hi miss Anderson!”

“Hi Jamie! Matthew is already in the pool. Wait, I’ll get you some ice cream.” Matt’s mom came back with two Magnum ice creams. “There you go. The pool is continually filtered, so don’t trip over the filter. There’s also a dispenser for the chlorine floating around, please watch out for that one and be careful not to throw it out of the water. Don’t jump or dive into the pool, that’s dangerous because the pool is not very deep.”

“Yeah, of course I’ll be careful, don’t worry miss Anderson.” Jamie liked Matt, but his mom was so overprotective. Very annoying. “Oh and just so you know, there’s a chemical in the water that will turn the water purple when you pee in it.”

“Eh okay. I’ll go now. Bye!”

Jamie walked through the garden doors to the pool. Damn. Now he had to get out of the pool just for peeing. He was used to just letting go in the pool. “Hey Matt, I got ice cream!”

“Oh you saw my mom? She probably told you all about the pool, huh?”

“Yeah. Don’t jump or dive, and watch out for stuff floating around.”

“She instructed you very well. Come on, get in the pool!” Jamie made it into the pool without jumping or diving. The water was a bit cold, but nice compared to the hot summer sun burning on his skin. He immediately felt the urge to let loose, but he ignored it. He didn’t want a big purple cloud giving away what he had done in his friend’s pool. Matthew’s mom came often outside to give the boys some food or drinks so they won’t dehydrate in the hot sun. After an hour they settled down on the grass. Jamie’s urge to go to the bathroom became bigger thanks to all the drinks. But he wasn’t going to tell Matthew, even though he knew he should. He remembered last month’s event, he had almost pissed himself at the beach. That was another reason why he wanted to pee in the pool, he had really enjoyed sitting in his pee and he hadn’t had a chance to relive that moment.

Thinking about it made things worse, and soon enough he felt a small spurt running over his inner thigh. He looked at his friend who was laying down on his back with his sunglasses on. Jamie wasn’t sure if he was asleep or not, so he didn’t dare to put a hand between his legs, which resulted in more pee flowing over his leg. Jamie was now sure he wasn’t able to hold it for long. He just hoped his friend was asleep or couldn’t see anything from there. He slowly relaxed his muscles and allowed himself to let go in the grass. The warmness spread itself all over his shorts, it was a nice feeling. His hand went to his lap and he felt the warm liquid run over his fingers. It felt very comfortable.

When he was done he sat in a big patch of wet grass. He wasn’t sure if it was very noticeable, since the grass could also be wet from his swimming shorts. He moved a bit away from the patch. It was very big, too big to be from his shorts. He hoped Matt wouldn’t notice it. “Hey wake up, let’s get into the pool again.” He shook Matt to wake him up. “I wasn’t even sleeping, I was relaxing. You were very quiet.”

“Yeah, because I thought you were sleeping. Now come on, I’m getting very hot.”

Jamie climbed into the pool again and Matthew followed him. They started to play a game where they just swam in circles so there would arise a tornado. After a while they would stop swimming and just let themselves be carried by the water. It resulted in them almost drowning and giggling like young girls. Matthew’s mom remembered her job as a waitress and kept the drinks and snacks coming. After the fifth glass of juice Jamie felt his bladder screaming again, but he ignored it. How did he have to pee the whole time, but was Matt apparently blessed with a strong bladder? The guy hadn’t even gone inside to pee and showed no signs of being desperate, while he was practically bursting again even though he had pissed on the grass! He casually pressed his hand between his leg while Matt made attempts to start the tornado game again. Jamie joined in, but wasn’t very concentrated since his attention went out to pressing his legs together and focussing on not letting go.

Matthew noticed it and he stopped swimming. “Wow, you suck, are you already tired?” Jamie nodded, maybe they would get out of the pool and he could do his business on the grass again. Matt started laughing. “You are just lazy!” He pushed Jamie, who didn’t expect that and fell over. The desperate guy almost lost it, if it weren’t for his hands immediately finding his crotch and pressing down. “What are you doing, this is very awkward you- oh wait, not again.. Jamie if you need to pee you can just tell me okay! I cannot imagine you being shy about something! Come on, just let go!” Jamie was shocked about the fact that his friend just gave him permission to pee in his pool, but he shook his head. “Why not? You’re desperate, I can see it. Don’t worry, I don’t care, this pool has chemicals in it you know.”

“I don’t want the water to turn purple, your mom will see.” Jamie’s cheeks had turned a nice shade of red.

Matthew raised his eyebrows. “What are you talking- oh come on, you don’t believe that story do you? My mom probably told you?” Jamie nodded. Matthew laughed. “Oh gosh, I didn’t know you were so gullible. There is no chemical in the water that will make it turn purple. Look.” Matthew pointed at the water. “See?”

“I don’t see anything.”

“Exactly. I’m peeing right now, and there’s no purple.” Jamie didn’t expect his friend to pee next to him, he could feel the warm water flowing past him. He didn’t feel disgusted, he kind of liked it. “Just let go, nothing will happen.” Jamie let go of his crotch and immediately he felt the warm liquid coming out. It made him feel all nice again, it felt even better than the time he went in the sea. This water wasn’t moving, so the warm water didn’t flow away immediately.

Jamie enjoyed the moment, just wetting in his swimming shorts and nothing to worry about. He didn’t even notice Matthew looking at him with a smile on his face. When he was done, he let out a sigh of relieve. “Did it feel good?” Jamie nodded. “I thought so. Oh hi mom, ice cream again? Are you trying to make us obese?” Miss Anderson smiled. “I just don’t want you guys to starve okay?”

“Hey Jamie, you want to come over tomorrow again?” Jamie nodded, he would definitely like another day of this.

*003*2012-08-03 19:07

Thank you for commenting! ^_^ Haha yeah I was always scared of that stuff! And no, I wasn't planning on adding romance in it, but I feel like Matthew has a bit of a crush on Jamie :p I don't know how to explain it, it just happens when I'm writing it <_<

