Izzy’s Into Urinals

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-09-14 15:08

Izzy found herself at the skate park every other day. She liked to skate, but it was only partially the reason she frequented the park.

She would only go there at an odd time, a time where there wouldn’t be too many people. It was a pretty small park, with a public restroom off to the side. She’d skate around and hit the water fountains every time she’d pass by it. On top of that, she wouldn’t pee all day. By the time she had a pretty large amount of urine saved up, she’d make her way to the toilets, go in the men’s room, and relieve herself into the urinal.

It was a bizarre fascination she had. Izzy wasn’t quite sure why she found the act so alluring, but she did it all the time, sometimes even stopping there twice in one day.

One day, she was skating around bursting for a wee, still sipping from the water fountain pretty frequently. Every time she came back, she pushed herself a little further to hold it longer, pee a little more. It was really hard to keep her balance and focus on the board, but she was doing alright. Stumbling here and there, but composed for the most part, despite her aching urge to urinate.

One trick was a little too risky. She ended up falling on her butt, squirting a little bit of pee out as she made contact with the ground. She gasped, gripping between her legs and freezing still for a moment, her peehole stinging. She hurriedly got up, grabbed her board and her crotch, and ran on foot into the men’s bathroom. She kicked her shorts and underwear all the way off, lifted one leg and rested her foot against the wall, spread her pussy a little, and was pissing hard before she was entirely ready. She sighed and dropped her head back, relief radiating in waves through her privates. She smirked and bit her lip, admiring the act. From the pressure of her stream against the back of the urinal, she was confident she’d have some distance if she tried. Her stream, although it was strong, went on for about a minute before tapering off. Without wiping, she hurriedly got her shorts back on and took her leave.

The next morning, she woke up with an unusually full bladder. She decided to take advantage of it and go straight to the skate park. She sucked down a capri-sun on the ride there, the urgency of her need teetering on desperation.

When she got there, her heart dropped a little. She was already ready to use the urinal, maybe a few minutes more of waiting, but there was a group of three or four boys riding around. She acted casual, minding her own business, but she really needed to relieve herself.

After about twenty minutes, she was agitated. She didn’t even feel like skating, she just wanted to pee. Liquid was sloshing around inside her with every kick. By this point, she was seriously busting to pee, pulling her shorts up every chance she got to press the fabric against her crotch. She kept it simple, worried that another crash might make her have an accident in front of this group of guys.

After another ten minutes, she was dying. She rode behind something where they couldn’t see her, stepped off the board, and cupped her hands over her crotch, dancing on the spot. She doubled over and winced, swaying her butt side to side and crossing her legs. She was pretty sure she was going to have to cut her losses and go to the women’s room. She hopped around for a minute and shook her wrists, waiting for the wave to pass, then got back on the board, ready to ride to the toilet to boringly use her gender’s bathroom.

As she emerged from behind the ramp, she didn’t see the boys anywhere. What luck! She held herself as she rode over to it at mach speed, letting her board roll into the grass as she bolted into the men’s room. Izzy jumped around like a crazy person as she frantically yanked her button loose, already leaking before her shorts were below her knees. As they fell to her ankles, she thrusted her hips forward and pulled her pussy lips up and apart, allowing her stream to spray forcefully into the basin in front of her. She couldn’t help but moan from the euphoria she felt, spreading through her body as she drained her swollen, overfilled bladder. Her shoulders rose and fell from her heavy breathing, the corners of her mouth curling with titillation. Maybe next time, she’d be able to pee even more.

“Whoa…” the word startled her so badly her entire body jumped. A male voice from the entrance.

Her stream was cut short pretty quickly, but not before it splattered down her legs and into her underwear and shorts. She frantically yanked them up, stumbling into a stall and avoiding eye contact completely. She sat down on the toilet and cupped her hands over her mouth, utterly shocked and mortified. Her face was hot with embarrassment. Izzy had never felt so humiliated. She could never come to this skate park again.

She listened to him urinate and wash his hands. After he was done, though, he didn’t leave right away. What the hell is he doing? she thought, You did your business, now get out of here already!

“Hey, uh…” he suddenly started to say. Izzy practically gasped. “I hope you know I’m not judging you or anything. I didn’t even see your face, really…”

She held her breath. There was no way in hell she was going to respond.

“I just wanted to say, I’m here around this time every week. Sometimes more, but this is always my day off so…” He sounded nervous. “If you ever wanted a lookout.”

Izzy didn’t know if she heard him right.

“I’m not, like, trying to look at you when you do it, that’s not what I mean!” he awkwardly added, “like, I’d face the doorway and make sure the coast is clear. No looking your way when you do it… Even though, like, I kind of already saw everything…”

She buried her face in her hands, cringing hard. Please leave. Please leave.

“Think of me as like, offering my services. To you and anyone else who might walk in on you. Man, I could’ve been anybody. Maybe you don’t want to tell anyone that you do this, but you can’t just…” He paused. “Again, I’m not judging you at all, I just don’t want the wrong person to walk in and see you like that.”

She heard his footsteps receding. She felt like crying, but she was in such disbelief that she just kind of sat there. Noticing the aching urge to pee still pulsing away inside her, she pulled her shorts down and finished urinating, taking the opportunity to dry some of her leakage with some toilet tissue.

*007*2022-09-18 22:41

{{On 9/14/2022 at 5:01 PM, bibibibi said:

Will there be a chapter two?

}}

Yes!

{{On 9/15/2022 at 2:32 AM, Jimmy Olsen said:

Thanks for posting this! It's kind of rushed but lots of fun. I like that we got to see Izzy's bold side and her self-conscious side in the same brief chapter. I look forward to future installments!

}}

I appreciate your input! I will work on some steadier pacing in future installments, especially because I’d like to write some more detail in the actual urinal scenes.

{{On 9/15/2022 at 7:08 AM, rebeljaffa said:

If it walks like a duck, looks like a duck and quacks like a duck it's gotta be Quackduck, back with another fun piece!

}}

️️️️️

{{On 9/15/2022 at 2:46 PM, Lapis Lazuli said:

Izzy is objectively right and also the best.

}}

Unequivocally!

{{On 9/16/2022 at 3:46 PM, Harumaru said:

Can I just say this is one of my favorites already? XD I like these types of stories and I would love to see more! Izzy sounds really cute too, like there's more facets to her character since she is already quite bold yet at the same time a bit shy too. I love it! There isn't enough stories about girls who pee standing up or even more rarely, not enough stories about girls who can use urinals like a man.

}}

Thanks so much!

{{On 9/17/2022 at 12:59 AM, Ms. Tito said:

This is a pretty good one!

}}

Thanks!

*008*2022-09-18 23:41

Part 2

It had been a long time since Izzy had indulged her secret, guilty pleasure. The last time had effectively scared her into avoiding the practice entirely. She missed it. She even saved up a bunch of pee and urinated into her sink a few times, but it wasn’t the same.

She found herself at a coffee shop one day, tapping her feet and bouncing her knees off of each other while she worked on her laptop. Coffee went right through her, and she had long finished her second cup. She finished up her work and closed her computer, hurriedly slipping it into her bag and rushing to the toilets. That’s when she noticed something she’d never thought about before. The bathrooms were single person, but they were gendered. She took a cautious look around, then peeked into the men’s bathroom.

A urinal, standing there in all it’s glory, beckoning her in. It was placed right next to the toilet like some kind of comparison. The choice was easy. One more look around, then she slipped inside.

Izzy had to hop around, the urgency hitting high gear now that she was in such close proximity to relief. She dropped her bag, unbuttoned her pants, kicked off her shoes, and pulled her pants and underwear all the way off. Then she realized something. She had all the privacy she could want at that moment. She could take her time.

She stood potty-dancing in front of the mirror for a minute. She sipped sink water from her cupped hand while her legs jiggled crazily underneath her. She pulled her shirt off and unclipped her bra, crossing her legs tight. She honestly wasn’t sure what she wanted to do with her extra time. She was simply enjoying it.

While Izzy paced around, grabbing her crotch and lurching forward every few seconds, there was the sudden sound of somebody jiggling the door handle. She jumped out of her skin, nearly pissing on herself right there. Then there was a knock.

“Occupied!” she called in her lowest voice, hurriedly stepping up to the urinal. Both feet planted on the ground, she spread her pussy lips. It didn’t take long for her stream to start. It began as a dribbling leak, falling annoyingly to the floor between her feet and leaking down her legs. Then, it suddenly grew to a hissing jet. It messily splattered into the urinal, light splashback gently coming back at her and pattering against her thighs. Relieved, she sighed as quietly as she could, giggling to herself a little. It felt like she was revisiting an old, favorite video game. She moved her hips to spray her stream from side to side like she was putting out a fire.

Just for shits and giggles, taking even further advantage of her privacy, she suddenly clenched her stream short, grabbing her dribbling crotch as soon as she’d stopped peeing all the way. “Mmph! Nnh-“ she whimpered to herself, finding the task considerably more difficult than it seemed in theory. She bent over and bobbed her butt up and down, her urethral muscles screaming at her to continue. As soon as she was back in position, she was pissing hard immediately. She gasped at the sensation of resuming like that. It hissed on for about thirty more seconds before tapering off. She waddled over to the toilet paper roll, dripping onto the floor on the way over, and wiped her privates dry.

She sat down on the toilet to catch her breath, lightly drumming her fingers between her legs. She’d forgotten what a thrill it was. Still, she felt like there was something… missing. She couldn’t quite put her finger on it.

She got dressed and left. The man waiting outside the door did not look pleased.

“This is the men’s bathroom,” he told her. “Didn’t you notice the urinal?”

She looked back inside. “Man, I didn’t even see that.”

