Master and Servant

Author: Sunny

*000*2014-10-07 01:05

Master and Servant

### Draco/Hermione: Draco notices Hermione's aversion to school bathrooms and decides to play a little game... ###

((Hey guys! I know its been AGES since I posted anything on here, but I was recently inspired to start writing again! Let me know what you think! Personally this a fun project for me and I'm writing the second chapter right now :) Leave your comments, questions, concerns at the bottom, they're greatly appreciated! ))

Chapter 1: Origins of the Game

The very first time Draco ever saw Hermione Granger wet herself was in their first year, on the second Tuesday in November. It seemed like, ever since she'd nearly been murdered in one on Halloween, Little Miss Mudblood had developed a fear of using any of the school bathrooms outside her dormitory. He'd caught on to her little phobia, or at least realized the issue itself, by watching her; purely by accident of course. It wasn't his fault that she was always seated directly in front of him for all the classes they shared, but it did provide a perfect vantage point for watching her squirm during their lessons.

At first, he'd figured she was too much of a brianiac to take a few minutes from class to ask for the loo, but then he'd noticed she'd never be among the group of girls that always went together after each lesson was over. No, she'd go class to class, squirming and fidgeting and dancing all the more in each one until the end of the day. It was a wonder her friends hadn't noticed—No, nevermind. Her friends were the biggest bunch of dunderheads Hogwarts had ever seen, of course they wouldn't have noticed. Regardless, at the end of the day she'd always announce an urgent need for a book, some parchment, a quill, or the library and rush off before Potty and Weasel could say anything else. Draco wouldn't see her again till dinner, but he always noted she was no longer dancing.

Draco hadn't any idea why he was so facinated with the girl's need for the toilet. He supposed it had something to do with how rediculous it seemed to hold it like that all day long, despite having plenty of time to go between classes. But whatever, what the stupid girl did with her body wasn't any of his buisness...except that, very, very privately, he wished she'd oversetimate her bladder one day and have an accident. The more this thought lingered, and grew stronger every time he watched Hermione squirm in class, the more he knew he absolutely had to see it.

So, on that second Tuesday in November, Draco Malfoy had come up with a most ingenious plan to watch Hermione Granger wet her panties. On this day in particular, he knew they had double potions directly after lunch. He also knew that Hermione always left lunch early when she could, presumably for the toilet in Gryffindor tower, so he couldn't let that happen. It was all too easy for him to convince Crabbe and Goyle to ignore their food to go and pester the Gryffindorks. His taunts, as always, were geared toward Potter, but he was watching Hermione out of the corner of his eye.

Oh yes, he noted with glee, she definitely had been planning on running off to the loo before he came over. Her lips were pursed and she kept shooting anxious looks toward the door. Ah, but she couldn't leave, now could she? Not with her two idiot friends in the middle of a could-be fight. Draco harrassed the lot of them until Weasley damn near jumped over the table to take a swing (this earned a sharp “Sit down, Ron!” from Hermione) and Draco smirked, the bell for class ringing just in time. He noted how distressed she looked as he sauntered off to the dungeons.

Double potions proved to be extremely entertaining that day. Snape had barely finished the lecture before Hermione started to fidget. Making the actual potion made him almost snicker with glee as he watched her try to squirm descretely and chop up her ingrediants at the same time. They filled their cauldrons with water, Draco making sure to do his especially loud behind her, and she was crossing her legs. Draco smirked, watching her every movement. It would spoil his plans a bit if she lost it in the middle of potions, but seeing her humiliated in class like that, especially Snape's class, wasn't a bad consolation prize. Still, he watched her squirm during the making of the potion and she was, almost regrettably, still dry when Snape dismissed the class. No matter, they still had History of Magic before their lessons were done, one more hour of class.

Hermione was probably thankful, Draco had figured, that Potter and Weasley had fallen asleep during this particular lesson. Even they would have noticed something was troubling their princess know-it-all had they been awake. Hermione Granger could not sit still, not even for a minute. She rocked in her seat, crossed and uncrossed and then recrossed her legs, bounced on her bottom, and at one point even put her hand between her legs to hold herself. Draco's blood was pounding, excitement he assumed from finally being able to see her have an accident, the entire time he watched her.

With ten minutes to go in History of Magic, and Hermione still dissapointingly dry, Draco was starting to lose hope. Maybe her bladder had more ability than he'd given credit for. He took notes glumly, still glancing at Hermione. She had been dancing in rhythm of the past half hour, apparently having found the correct fidget-patterns to hold back her flood. Draco gave himself comfort that, even if she managed to make it till the end of class, there was no way she could make it up seven floors to the Gryffindor dormitory to go. All he had to do was follow her and he'd see what he'd been waiting for. He grinned, imagining her gasping right in front of the Fat Lady as she suddenly peed herself. And then, Hermione suddenly gasped for real.

His eyes snapped up to her, widening in realization as he took in her position. Her body was tense, hand half way down to hold herself. Time seemed to slow as he watched her tremble and then relax, jerking her legs apart as she did. That was it! That had to be it, Draco thought in glee as he waited for the inevitable flood to come pouring down her chair, there was no way Granger wasn't wetting herself right then. He was on the edge of his seat as he saw a stream trickle over the edge of her chair, splashing onto the stone below. No one else would have noticed unless they were watching for it, but that was all he got.

Much to his dismay, she slammed her legs together a second later, both hands holding herself, and regained control. Still, Draco had to work to control his breathing. He was a little hot in the face, heart racing. Even just that little bit had been such a thrill...but he knew there was no way she'd make it to her dorm after class! He'd definitely get to see it all if he followed her. He grinned, anxiously watching the clock just like Hermione was, only for a completely different reason.

The bell finally rang and Hermione all but punched her two friends awake.

“Class is over! Honestly you two, if you don't stop sleeping through it you're gonna fail! I'm going to go to the library, you two better catch yourselves up!” she lectured as she rushed to collect her books and darted out of the room.

Potter and Weasley were dumfounded, but Draco just packed up and left at a normal pace. Couldn't rush after her, now could he? That would be too obvious. Besides, he found he didn't much need to rush. Hermione was walking pretty slowly, especially in the populated areas. As badly as she obviously had to go, he was still a little surprised that she passed two girl's rooms and ignored them as she walked on, Draco tailing at a safe distance behind.

Once they'd passed the Great Hall, the student body thinned considerably and Draco watched with joy as she started to hold herself openly as she walked, if a little faster. They were nearing the library now and she kept having to stop and hold and bounce and squirm. Draco was eating it up, best plan he'd had all year! Hermione took a particularly long pause, whimpering loud enough for Draco to hear. He swore to himself, realizing he'd got too close and darted quickly behind a tapestry.

From his hiding place he watched her dance, gasping and whimpering with her hands between her legs. He could have sworn he could see wet trails making their ways down her thighs to her knee high socks. But again, he was denied that final flood as she managed to right herself and start walking again. He cursed softly, aloud this time. Maybe he should just curse her. She'd never know what hit her in her state and he was sure she'd really wet. Full Body Bind? Good plan. He pulled his wand out and stepped a bit from behind the tapestry, magic about to fire when suddenly Professor Flitwick came out from around the corner. Draco snapped back into hiding and Hermione froze in place.

Draco could have killed the old fool for thwarting his plans but then, as he watched the tiny professor strike up a conversation about what a wonderful (barf) job she'd done during class, he'd realized it was a blessing in disguise. Hermione chatted as though nothing was wrong, but he could see how tense she was, how tightly her legs were pressed together, and how her hands kept balling into her skirt. After what seemed like ages, the professor finally took his leave and Draco watched Hermione watch him go. The moment he was out of her sight, she held herself desperately with both hands, looking around like a toilet would magically appear to save her. Her eyes fell on Draco's tapestry.

He gasped, still for a moment as he thought he'd been spotted. The panic furthered when she started hurrying for his hiding spot. He backed up until he hit a wood wall, no where to go, and she was gonna catch him and probably kill him...wait. Wood? He glanced behind him and thank Merlin's cloak, it was a door! He jiggled the handle, could have whooped at finding it unlocked, and tucked himself inside the most randomly placed storage closet ever just as Hermione threw back the tapestry. He smirked, watching through the crack in the door, thinking how he'd nearly escaped death. But Hermione didn't seem to be interested in finding anybody in particular.

She danced in place, one hand between her legs, whimpering softly as she looked back and forth around the tapestry, checking to make sure she was alone, before coming inside.

“Aaaaah....Oh God oh God oh God!” Draco heard her gasp as she danced, legs crossing and uncrossing as she hitched up her skirt. For the first time in his life he saw a girl's panties, Hermione's in particular were innocently white with lace around hems. Not so innocently, they were also soaked at the crotch. He watched as she suddenly squatted, spreading her legs out right in front of his slightly cracked door. In this same instant, his eyes widened and his cheeks darkened, ears ringing with the only sound in the room:

Pssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssst

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh...” Hermione moaned in relief a moment later, her pee splashing thunderously against the stone floor in the room. She hadn't even tried to pull her panties down, she just peed right through them, a full waterfall errupting from her. Draco watched, slack jawed in awe, as trickles moved down her open thighs and dripping down to the floor to join the puddle her jetting stream was making. The room was filling with the light aroma of a girl's pee and Draco felt heat rushing straight down between his legs, blushing more as he realized he was getting hard while he watched this.

All too soon, Hermione was finished with her wet. He watched her tremble, blushing as she seemed to realize what she'd done. She stood up, carefully stepping away from her puddle. She nibbled her lip and pulled out her wand, casting a vanishing charm on the mess she'd made before she checked the damage on her clothes. Panties were obviously soaked through, but her skirt and her socks were wet as well. She seemed to consider this, checked her watch, and pondered it again. Draco could almost hear her thinking, “Well, I do have time to change while everyone is at dinner....”

She picked up the books she dropped before wetting herself and headed out the way she came, having apparently made up her mind.

As for Draco, he shut the door completely after she'd gone and stuck his hand down his pants, touching himself for the first time with the memory of her wetting right there in front of him. After he'd finished with his own pleasure, he knew, undoubtly, that he'd have to see that again.

*002*2014-10-07 03:42

Thanks Garrus! I'm actually gonna put the second chapter up in a few minutes, just fine tuning. This is my first time writing female omorashi...as far as it goes, I think I actually enjoy it more ;)

*003*2014-10-07 04:04

Chapter Two: Game Start

For the next three years, Draco devoted almost more class time to watching Hermione than to his work. His grades, of course, reflected otherwise and none of the other students were aware of his lingering gaze on her. He had learned two very important things from his daily observations over the years. Number one: he most certainly had wetting fetish. Number two: so did Hermione Granger.

He was absolutely certain of that second fact too. Naturally, he'd pieced together through the course of their first year that Hermione had a phobia of Hogwarts toilets that were not in her dormitory. He'd overheard her make some of the most rediculous excuses not to use them and no one ever questioned it because she was the acclaimed “brightest witch of her age”. More fun for Draco though. He'd utterly mastered the skill of stalking thanks to her, which had come in handy for multiple occassions past sneaking around to watch her wet herself. Hermione, much to his sheer pleasure, had developed a skill of her own. That girl, he reveled with the glee of it, had completely mastered wetting herself in public. Intentionally, at that.

No one ever saw her wet but him, either. She was so careful, so descrete (or so she believed) and assumed her public wettings were always in privacy. Such a naïve little Mudblood she was, but he was thankful for it. Thanks to that, he'd seen her wet more times than he could count. In fact, he went ahead and bought himself a Pocket Pensive so he could rewatch the memories of his favorite wettings whenever he started to feel the slightest bit horny.

The best part of all of it, besides getting to see a girl who just got more attractive every year wet her panties, was that he knew she enjoyed it. Her moans when she finally let go were sinful, and the only spell she'd ever cast on herself was an aromafier. And there was the fact that two of his top favorite wettings involved her touching herself through her freshly soaked panties until she had an orgasm. He absolutely loved watching her, but as the last three years progressed, he found himself fantasing more and more about participating rather than observation alone.

Not on a romantic level of course. She was a Mudblood for starters, and she hated his guts for another thing. It would never in a million years happen. Still, their Fourth Year was briging about new changes, not only in the school but in himself as well. He wanted it. And When Draco Malfoy made up his mind to want, he also made up his mind to get.

Her first wetting wasn't too long after term started and they started settling into their classes. It was in mid September, and Draco had watched her sit throug the entire lunch period in the library with only a self-refilling bottle of water. She was pouring over the most ancient text book he'd ever seen, translating ancient runes. Lucky for him, he was in that very same class, so he had the excuse of doing the same thing...with a much less ancient book, of course. Still, he watched her more than he did his homework and he inwardly smirked at what he found. She was draining the water bottle absentmindedly while she worked, already fidgeting in her chair.

He had to wonder in times like these if she made herself overly desperate on purpose just to wet later. The thought of it made a rush of heat pulse through his body and he had to focus on his homework in order tame his hormones. He glanced back up at her as she bounced her left knee. She definitely had to pee. She probably hadn't peed since that morning and he'd seen her drink several times from her goblet at breakfast. How many times had that water bottle refilled itself? Twice? Three times? Another pulse of excitement went through him. Yeah, he was definitely gonna see her wet today.

Their last class of the day was one they had together, Arithmancy. It was Draco's favorite for several reasons. One, it was one of two he had with Hermione alone, and two, he sat right beside her. He got a clear view of every movement and could watch her face contort and blush as she tried desperately not to wet herself in class. This particular Arithmancy class was proving more exciting than others.

She really hadn't been to the bathroom all day, he could tell by her movements, and she was desperate. He watched out of the corner of his eye as she rocked in her seat, legs crossed, and body tense. She was copying down Professor Vector's lecture furiously, as though lingering on every word, frowning as though she were horrified to miss something. Draco smirked slightly. He knew the truth. Her face wasn't screwed up in an attempt not to miss something deeply important, it was screwed up with the attempt she was making not to piss her panties in the middle of the lecture.

Hermione squirmed endlessly in her chair, shifting her weight from left to right rapidly as she rubbed her thighs together. Her body was tense and trembling, and Draco could hear her breathing getting slightly irregular, not that anyone beside himself would truly notice. But she definitely had to really go if she was letting herself start to get noticably fidgety like that, especially in this class. She always tried to exert extra control around Draco, he'd noticed, which was a true pity.

To counteract it, he completely ignored her existance, which seemed to work quite well. Her hand suddenly darted between her legs, her quill going still on the parchment as she bit down on her lip. Oh this was really a treat. She was absolutely dying for a pee if she was holding herself right beside him. He glanced down at his own notes, perfectly timed, as she glanced his way to make sure she was still being ignored. Success. He grinned when she looked away and dared to glance again. The quill was down, she had both hands between her legs, rocking into them desperately.

Draco's heart hammered. A double hold? Was she gonna wet in class? He could see her lips forming silent “oh no's” over and over, face red as her house color. Regrettably, she managed to contain her bladder and focused on the rest of the lesson, but only just. She was all over the place by the time Vector dismissed the class. Instead of bolting out she had to take her time, trembling all the while as she packed up slowly lest she completely void her bladder then and there. Draco got up and left before she did, taking one of his usual places behind a large suit of armor to watch her leave the room. No one was around when she did, which let the girl groan and grab herself, crossing her legs as she looked around to consider her options.

Their classroom was on the 7th floor, same as her dorm, but Draco knew that Hermione was too desperate to make it there. That option was out. A little whine escaped her and Draco watched with a smirk as she started to lose it right there. Thin trails of pee were running down her crossed legs, darkening her skirt in the front where she held herself. Wherever was semi-private and closest then, Draco noted. She was going to go for the empty classroom he was standing next to when she got ahold of herself. He slipped into the door silently and headed into a dark corner, sliding behind a stack of desks just as Hermione hobbled in through the door and slammed it shut. He noticed that pee was still flowing down her legs as she shut the door. He grinned at the thought of her leaving a trail, but focused on the girl as she finally stopped leaking.

“Mmmm....I have to go, I have to go, I have to go...” she gasped, whimpering to herself as she danced in place, lifting up her dampened skirt. Blue, very wet, panties with white stripes today. She gasped again, legs crossed and still trying to hold back but it was impossible.

“Ohhhhhhhh....” she groaned, head tossed back as a torrent of liquid burst out of her, gushing down her still crossed legs. Draco licked his lips as he watched pee running down her legs, soaking into her socks and shoes before puddling around her. His manhood throbbed in his pants, mouth going dry. This was definitely going into his Pocket Pensive. His eyes lit up. That was perfect! Why hadn't he thought of it before!? She could have been his all along!

A wicked smirk crossed his face as he slowly stood up. He tossed a nonverbal locking charm on the door, which Hermione didn't notice as she voided endlessly down her legs. He guessed she was about half done, with her sighing in euphoric biss at her release just as he walked out of the shadows.

“Well, well, well....what do we have here?” he drawled. At the first syllable Hermione gasped, turning as he spoke, still peeing he might add. She dropped her skirt, hands shoving between her legs, looking visably pained as she stopped her wetting.

“Oh please,” he smirked “don't stop on my account. You looked like you were enjoying that.”

“What are you DOING here, Malfoy!?” she gasped, indignant. Humiliated. Her voice was high, her eyes were bubbling with tears, and she was dancing again as she tried not to continue peeing in front of him.

“Came to see the show, obviously,” he smiled as he walked closer to her, “you do so like to piss yourself, don't you? Filthy Mudblood.”

“Get out of here!” she shrieked at him.

“Oh sure,” he said, walking toward the door, “I'll go tell everyone that Hermione Granger is wetting herself in the unused classroom on the 7th floor shall I? What will they think, what with a loo right across the hall? You must like it.”

Her face burned, confirming his original assumption. She said nothing, so he shrugged.

“Well carry on then,” he shrugged, heading for the door.

“Wait!” she called, desperate. Either because she needed to finish her pee or because she didn't want him to tell. He knew it was both. He smiled and turned around nonchalantly.

“Yes,” he he drawled, sneering at her.

“What...what do you want?” she asked, gasping as she held back tears. And urine.

“Me? I think the real question here is what do you want?” he smirked.

“What?” she whimpered, gasping as a torrent of pee escaped and shot down her leg, running off her knee and splashing to the puddle below her.

“Oh don't be daft,” he said, chuckling darkly, “what do you want, Granger?”

“For....aaah....oooh....for you not to...to tell...a-anyone!” she moaned out, blushing horribly as more urine streamed out of her desperate hold.

“Conditional,” he said with a low smile, stepping toward her again. “And what else?”

“N-never, ever tell anyone....” she tried, moaning as she started dancing in her half made puddle.

“Again, conditional. You want something else though. Its pretty obvious,” he said, stepping into her puddle, the splash of it making him giddy as he cupped her cheek.

“Malfoy, stop...get away...oohhhh...” she moaned, eyes locked with his defiantly before blushing and closing them tightly shut as another stream of pee escaped her. This had to be mortifying, the thought happily, for her to lose all control with him so close and touching her.

“You want to piss, don't you?” he asked with a smirk. He noted the way she trembled.

“Shut up!” she fought with a growling whimper.

“Answer me,” he said firmly, making her look at him “Do you want to piss?”

Her eyes welled with tears as she looked at him with mortified desperation, the tinkling sound of liquid on liquid below her a sign that she was starting to give in.

“Answer me,” he pressed again, dropping his hand from her face so he could grip her wrists. He yanked her hands away from the front of her skirt and she cried out, buckling as she pressed her legs together, crossing them tightly against the flood she was barely holding back. The tinkling turned into a steady hiss.

“Yes! Ohhhhh.....yes.....I really....” she gasped, moaning as a heavy spurt splashed down her legs and into her puddle. He smirked.

“Then do it,” he said, pinning her wrists against his chest. The response was amazing. She moaned, body relaxing, pee streaming out of her even as she she uncrossed her trembling legs. He watched as the front of her skirt darkened, pee dribbling from it as she finally let go of the rest of her water, her finishing stream splashing against his leather shoes. She continued to pee for about another forty-five seconds, her puddle considerably wider. Urine was still dripping from her skirt and trickling down her legs as her wet came to an end.

“Are you done?” Draco asked her with a smirk. A few more dribbles relieved themselves from her as she forced everything out. Finally, she nodded. He released her wrists and she sunk bonelessly into her puddle, which Draco stepped back from. She would not look at him and he leaned against the door, waiting.

“You said...what I wanted was conditional,” she finally spoke, looking away from him. Her face was bright red, but he had to give her credit for witholding her tears. She was a lot stronger than most people, himself included, gave he credit for.

“I did,” he said, “I won't tell anyone as long as you agree to a few conditions of mine.”

“Are you blackmailing me into sex?” she asked bluntly, glaring up at him.

“What? No why in the hell would I want to shag a nasty girl like you?” he spat. She blushed darkly, embarrassment in her eyes, but it was quickly covered up with a small, meek smirk of her own.

“You're hard,” she observed. He scowled, she was right, “You liked watching.” Right again. Whatever, he could play that to his advantage.

“You're right, I do like watching. I've been watching,” he said with an evil smirk. She rolled her eyes.

“Well obviously,” she said, utterly killing his moment.

“I beg your pardon?” he said.

“You've obviously been watching. You knew exactly where I was and were here before I came in here to...You were coming out of the far corner. You couldn't have come in after me,” she said, blushing and stammering through her accusation, but it was an accusation none the less. Fine.

“And you do know what that means, don't you, Granger?” he smirked

“Enlighten me,” she said dryly, shifting uncomfortably in her cooling pee.

“I've seen almost every single 'accident' you've had since first year,” he smirked. Her look of horror was enthralling. He pulled out his Pocket Pensive.

“Do you know what this is?” he asked. The color draining from her face told him she did, but he continued anyway, “Its a Pocket Pensive. Every single memory I have of you wetting yourself is in here.”

“Why!?” she blurted out angrily, jumping up from her puddle, “Why have you been...that's....that's private, you sick and twisted pervert!”

“Maybe,” he said, knowing she wouldn't hurt him, “but unless you calm down, the whole school won't just hear about your little wetting fetish, but see it too.” Her jaw dropped.

“Why you...” she growled.

“Have totally, and completely, one upped you, Granger,” he finished for her with a smirk. She looked humiliated and like she wanted to rip his head off at the same time. It was oddly alluring.

“So what then,” she asked tersely, “are your conditions.”

“Thought you'd never ask,” he grinned gloatingly.

“Get on with it!” she snapped at him, arms crossing indignantly.

“We're going to play a game, you and I,” he said, “I'm sure you've heard of it. Master and Servant. The roles, I assume, are obvious to you.” Her glare increased and she refused to answer, so he continued.

“I will be your master, you will be my servant. You are going to do anything and everything I ask.”

“What are the rules?” she asked, glaring hotly.

“Simple, you play the game, firstly. Refuse to play and I leak the memories of your wetting frenzies,” he said, loving the way she blushed scarlet and looked away, “Secondly, you obey me, but the most important rule of this game is that I am in charge of when you get to piss.”

She looked back at him now, eyes wide.

“What?” she asked in sheer shock and disbelief. He smiled.

“I am in charge of when you get to piss,” he repeated, smirk widening, “You are to tell me when you have to pee and you're not allowed to go until I give you permission. If you dissobey me, you will be punished. And when I do let you, I watch.”

“You're disgusting! I'm not going to—-”

“Then I'll go show everyone these memories of mine,” he smiled, shaking the pocket pensive full of memories.

“What if you're bluffing, how do I know?” she asked. The ever present sneer widened further and he popped the lid on the Pensive.

“Come and find out, Granger,” he taunted, holding it out to her. She scowled, but boldly stepped forward and thrust her eye into the opening.

((As I said before, I'm having too much fun writing this! Chapter three will be up tomorrow probably. Leave any comments or creative criticisms below please :) ))

*005*2014-10-07 21:13

((Thanks again for the encouraging commentary! This chapter is a little bit long, sorry about that. For the story's sake I had to try and fit three wettings in here...Hope I did okay, I was trying to make them detailed, but not too long. Thanks for reading and leave any comments at the end :) ))

Chapter Three: (Hermione) Seeing Is Believing

The nerve of that foul loathsome snake! Hermione thought as she was whirled down into the Pensive. Inky black swirled in front of her, forming the school grounds. She was not impressed. She stayed where she was, waiting for the memory, if that's what this even was, to begin. She crossed her arms, looking around. It was after finals, first year judging by Lavender Brown's significant lack of make up as the girl walked past. She watched how the people around the very edges shimmered slightly, voices echoing as the non-important walked away. Yes, this was a memory. The verification was sour in her mouth. Fine. Might as well see what Malfoy had against her, better to be prepared.

“I've always heard Hogwarts end of the year exams were frightful! But I found them rather enjoyable,” Hermione heard a younger, more shrill version of herself say from behind. She turned around to watch.

“Speak for yourself,” Ron scoffed before they both turned their attention to Harry, who's scar was hurting him.

“Let's go do something to get your mind off it,” Hermione said soothingly, “I've got a no spill, self-refilling pitcher of lemonade in my bag. We can go sit down by the lake and talk.”

Hermione felt heat rise in her cheeks. She remembered this day. It was the last day of finals their first year, and she had definitely wet her panties. She'd been so frightened about being late to one of her tests that she couldn't eat lunch. Instead, she just drank goblet after goblet of pumpkin juice and ended up squirming all through her Transfiguration final. Despite really needing to have a pee, she ended up knowing every question and feeling really confident at the end of her test. It put her in such a good mood that she forgot her need. Plus, they were out of classes early and it was a nice day. She'd kept that lemonade on a chill-spell too, knowing she'd want to share it with her friends when they were all finished. She'd forgotten all about it until Harry needed cheering.

Hermione watched her younger self walk down to the lakeside with her friends, keeping a bit behind them. That's when she noticed him. Draco, the little maggot, was following slowly and silently, keeping in the trees. She saw his eyes trained on the younger version of herself, face flushed a little with impish glee. She remembered that he'd sat behind her during that test. Her face heated more when she realized the little pervert had probably been watching her fidget during the test, and knew she had to use the toilet. Oh Merlin, she had a bad feeling about this...

Her train of thought broke when they got to the lakeside, Draco keeping cover in the trees off to the side of the path. Her younger self, Harry, and Ron all picked out their usual shady spot, away from everyone else. Hermione watched herself pull the pitcher of lemonade out of her bag and three glasses. She handed it to Harry first, who smiled a little as he poured the yellow liquid into the glass. Hermione bit her lip as she watched her younger self's face pale a little, eyes widen.

Yes, she remembered that too. How abruptly her throbbing need to use the loo came back the second Harry started pouring lemonade into his glass. The sound and sight of it made her nearly let go right there into the grass. Hermione watched herself shift and fidget as though trying to get comfortable. In reality she was trying not to pee her panties in front of her friends. She was desperate, she remembered it, and how horrified she was that she couldn't leave to find somewhere to go. She'd been the one to suggest the lemonade after all.

Ron poured his glass and Hermione moved again, but pouring her own was the very worst. It was cold in her hand and she'd accidentally poured too much so that it spilled a bit over her fingers. Hermione remembered how her body almost mimicked the action and she'd made a face, blushing.

“Whoops, better drink that down,” Ron chuckled. He had misinterpreted the face she made, thank God, but she nodded meekly and had to take a couple gulps of the cold drink. She could almost feel again how the gulps had gone straight into her bladder. Harry had simply asked her if it was sour when made a face at nearly wetting again. Hermione watched the scene unfolding with a dark blush on her cheeks, glancing back at Draco who was grinning at each desperate movement her younger self was making.

Younger Hermione sipped at her lemonade politely through their conversations, her movements discrete and slight despite how badly she was busting for the loo. She only drank big gulps of lemonade when her friends pointed out that she wasn't, but they had quit pestering her about it after the conversation turned to Quidditch. And then the boys were lost, practically ignoring Hermione all together. At the time, Hermione couldn't have asked for more, even though she'd normally be annoyed. They weren't paying her any attention, so she was able to squirm and hold herself without them noticing.

Hermione watched the scene with an ever present blush on her cheek, glancing now and then to Draco who was grinning with glee as he watched her. It creeped her out, what a little pervert! Who gets off at watching girls pee themselves, anyway? Probably the same type of pervert who gets off on peeing themselves, a little voice snickered deep inside her, sharply reminding Hermione of her wet panties and stained skirt. She forced the feelings away and watched the scene again.

“Hey look its the squid,” Ron pointed out as the creature surfaced and started swimming lazily across the lake. Its tentacles slapped loudly against the water and Hermione watched her younger self freeze up with a look of horror on her face.

“What's wrong, don't like the squid?” Harry asked, though Hermione hadn't remembered him saying anything. The sound of the squid's tentacles slapping against the water had been too much for her over full body to handle. Hermione blushed and fidgeted as she looked on, privately recalling how a hot stream of pee had suddenly soaked her panties and started flowing into the grass where she sat.

“Hermione?” Harry asked again, obviously having been worried. When he called her name it snapped her out of it and she cut off the stream mid flow. She couldn't wet herself in front of her friends, she just couldn't!

“I'm fine,” she lied, “But I am starting to get a little cold.”

“Let's go back to the castle,” Harry agreed, “My head hurts.”

“Maybe you should see the nurse...” Ron started to say as Hermione packed up the glasses and the pitcher. She could almost feel it again, how careful and slow she had to be, fearing she was going to have a full accident right there. She started walking with them down the path that led to castle, her body stiff from her efforts. Hermione remembered how hard it was, how painful. With each step her body was trying to release the contents of her bladder. It didn't care who was watching, just that it was full and it needed to be emptied, and had been needing to be emptied since before her Transfiguration final. They were half way, just a bit past the boat house when another hot stream shot out into her panties. Hermione gasped and dropped her bag, squatting down to pick it up.

“You okay?” Ron asked her, frowning in concern when she didn't get up. Hermione's face burned with shame as she watched from lower on the hill, standing next to where Draco was hiding. From that angle, he could see everything and so could she. Pee was running down her thighs and spurting into the grass from under her skirt. Hermione could recall how mortified she was that she was having a real accident in front of her friends. She pretended to be checking the bag, muttering something about thinking the glasses broke as the stream of pee slowed to a trickle and then stopped.

“Actually, I think I left my book back at the lake,” Hermione said as she stood up, holding the bag in front of her, just in case she had a wet spot on her skirt, “I'll catch up.” The boys shrugged and headed off while Hermione watched herself hurry back down the path, rolling her eyes as Draco scuttled off into the trees, following.

She couldn't go very fast, but at least with the boys gone she could hold herself. She dropped her bag on the path, not caring about the glasses, knowing she could repair them if they broke. Right now all that mattered was finding somewhere to have her accident without anyone seeing. Well, anyone besides the sick pervert following her in the memory. She followed Draco, watching herself from his perspective. Her younger self was wiggling and bouncing, moaning softly with her hands between her legs, shifting from foot to foot. They way she was moving was definitely suggestive at the very least. She watched herself look around desperately, eyes finally falling on the boathouse.

It was very much a beacon of hope to her. She knew no one ever went inside and it was probably unlocked. Her bladder gave a sharp pang and another small leak warmed her panties and wet her thighs. She had no time left. Memory Draco and Hermione both watched, following as she made a mad dash for the boat house door, ripping it open and slamming herself inside. They watched from the windows as she did a full potty dance while pulling up her skirt, showing off her pale pink cotton panties. Hermione blushed darkly as she watched herself squat down, spreading her legs so she wouldn't get anything else wet, and then moan in pleasure, loud enough to hear through the windows even, as she finally started peeing.

Hermione couldn't take her eyes off herself, surprised at how she looked while she had her accident. Her head was tossed back, eyes closed as her whole body relaxed while an impressive sized puddle grew around her. Worse, Hermione could remember just how great that had felt. She'd had to go so badly and every time she'd leaked it had felt so good...releasing everything like this after holding it for so long was the best feeling she'd ever had. Was this really how she'd gotten into her habit?

She glanced over at Draco and actually gave a yelp to find that he had his hand down the front of his pants as he watched her through the window. Gross! But still...on a logical level, she understood. They were elven, and even to Hermione back then, wetting her panties had given her a thrill like no other. She figured it had much done for Draco. She understood, but she didn't appreciate it in the slightest.

The scenery suddenly changed, warping. Second year, she knew it immediately. She was in the corridor where the Heir had written his threatening messages on the wall. Oh no, don't tell me...Hermione thought, blushing already. There was no WAY he could have seen this too! She could die right there and shut her eyes in mortification.

She'd almost been caught by Filch when she wet this time. Everything was just so stressful for her at the time, she recalled, with the Heir running about and attacking Muggleborns like herself. So that morning when she got up and used the loo, she'd left her panties on. It had felt so good to pee through them, it gave her a little rush and she felt a lot more relaxed. Plus...having them wet against her privates felt really nice. And yet, a little voice deep inside her reminded her just how good it would feel if she got really desperate and had to find somewhere to have an accident again...

It had almost cost her dearly that night. She'd gone through breakfast, drinking several goblets of pumpkin juice and hardly touching her food, and then did the same at lunch, had water between classes, and then the same at dinner. She remembered how full she was, but somehow knowing she was doing this on purpose gave her a greater sense of control. Throughout the day, whenever her desperation peaked too high, she purposefully let out a stream discretely to get the edge off. Draco must have been watching like a hawk, she realized as the memory played. She walked around the corner to the charms class room to wait for herself. She could see Draco already, hiding behind a suit of armor.

Hermione had forgot she'd agreed to do extra work after dinner. Flitwick had reminded her while she was draining her third goblet of pumpkin juice. Her original plan had been to wander around the castle after dinner, maybe going up to the astronomy tower, until she absolutely had to wet herself. Now, she had to go sit for lord only knew how long with Professor Flitwick. It had put her out of her control and it had nearly undid her during her advanced lesson. When he finally released her, she was far past desperation and knew she need to find the nearest place to let go, and fast.

Stomach twirling, Hermione watched herself leave the charms classroom and immediately double over, holding herself. She looked around, knowing there was no where immediately close and she had to get far enough away from the charms room. The sheer humiliation of Flitwick were to walk out and see her peeing in her panties...She shook her head and took a sharp corner. There had to be something, somewhere, anything down this way. An alcove. A broom cupboard. Something! Hermione watched herself quicken down the hall way, hand between her legs as she looked around. Nothing.

“Ohhhh....” she heard herself moan, having to stop and cross her legs, her other hand reaching to hold herself too. She didn't have long. She was going to pee any minute now. She looked around frantically her eyes fell on it. Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. Water had soaked the floor leaving a massive puddle. Myrtle had thrown another tantrum and Hermione felt fear growing up inside her chest. She hated using the public toilets around the school, and Myrtle's was the very worst of all of them. But...but there was no where else and she was about to pee her panties! Hermione watched herself as she hobbled toward the lavatory. She could almost feel the anxiety swelling in her chest, which had done nothing at all to help her bladder. Hermione glanced back to see Draco watching from behind the corner she'd turned, looking disappointed. Obviously he thought she was going to disappear the bathroom and his watching her wet was going to be thwarted. Oh, but he was about to get a surprise.

Hermione watched as she hobbled closer, sloshing toward the door through the puddle. She could barely move, her need was so great, and she had to support herself with one hand on the wall. She could feel her heart pounding, her bladder pulsing, and each time she stepped down in the water, it reminded her of every accident she'd ever had. All she wanted to do was pee. Hermione had to stop and hold herself again, but made the mistake of looking down. All that water under her...such a huge puddle...And Hermione couldn't take it.

Hermine gave a startled gasp as her body suddenly began to relieve itself without her consent. Her eyes widened as she felt her cool, damp panties bloom with heat that wasted no time pouring down her thighs and splashed down into the water puddle below. She shuddered, knowing there was nothing at all she could do to stop when she was going full force like that. She trembled, hand still on the wall for support as she had a real accident. And on the one night she'd planned to wet her panties on purpose, too!

“What's going on up here!” came the low grumbling voice of Filch. She gasped, still peeing forcefully. She couldn't stop, and she couldn't move. Filch was going to catch her peeing in the hall! Hermione looked back at Draco, because it was far too humiliating to look at her past self. She could see that he looked just as fearful and rooted to the spot as she was. But Filch was coming up the hallway, he was gonna turn any second and see Hermione, helplessly wetting herself into Myrtle's water puddle. Hermione watched Draco as he looked back and forth. If Filch came closer, Hermione realized, he'd catch Draco watching Hermione pee. Wait...No, he couldn't have...Did he? Hermione thought as she walked over to where Draco was, watching him intently.

He took a look at Hermione, peeing desperately harder now, trying to finish before Filch caught her, and then back down the hall where he could see the old man starting to come up. He nibbled his lip, and darted into the smaller hallway. Hermione followed, watching in awe as he ran right up to a towering suit of armor and shoved it over as hard as he could. The crash was deafening and Hermione remembered that she'd heard it even over where she was having her pee.

“What the blood hell is going on!?” Filch raged, running into the hall. Draco had ran down and into a stair case, hiding, as Filch came around the corner.

“PEEVES!!!” he shouted, “DAMN IT I'LL HAVE YOU OUT THIS TIME FOR SURE!!!!”

The scene changed, swirling in inky black again, but Hermione was too distracted by what she'd just seen. Draco had saved her from Filch catching her wet. She had always thought it really had been Peeves who'd crashed something in the hall. Why would Draco do it? It made no sense at all. Was he trying to say that she owed him? She shook her head, putting it out of her mind for now as she watched the next scene.

It was last year, Hermione noted, as the Great Hall swam into view. She knew immediately just from looking at the Gryffindor table. Harry and Ron were sitting at one end, and she was sitting alone at the other. It was in the middle of the fight she'd had with Ron, who was absolutely convinced that her cat had killed his rat. Harry, of course, had sided with Ron. With no friends to speak of, too many classes to handle, and helping Hagrid with Buckbeak, the stress levels running through Hermione's 13 year old body were far, far too high. Not to mention the dementors were amplifying every negative feeling she had. She'd peed her panties so many times that year, just for the sheer pleasure of it.

On this particular day, Hermione remembered she was holding on purpose. It was lunch and she'd skipped going to the bathroom that morning even. She wasn't eating anything, only reading and drinking pumpkin juice. Well, pretending to read anyway. Hermione knew that she was draining goblet after goblet all the while holding herself under the table. She was busting already and Hermione blushed as she noticed Draco watching her intensely from the Slytherin table. God, what a show she didn't realize she'd been giving him. Hermione shifted her attention back to herself, knowing her hand was pressed hard against herself as she crossed and re-crossed her legs. She checked her watch, nibbling her lip. She was barely holding on now and she had double potions after lunch. She started packing up her books and Draco smirked, standing also. Hermione knew where her memory self was going to end up, so she followed Draco curiously.

The Slytherin boy told his friends he'd left his potions book back in the dorm as he excused himself, heading out of the Great Hall while Hermione was still packing up her things. She frowned, wondering how Draco would see her if he was leaving before hand. Curious, she kept near him and walked out. He walked calmly, hand in his pocket as he headed down the corridor that led to the library. About half way to it, around the area near the teacher's lounge, he stopped by a tapestry and Hermione gasped. No way! That...that...complete ARSE!!! Ugh!!! She thought, practically screaming aloud and stamping her foot. It was the first place she'd ever openly wet at Hogwarts—granted when she did it had been because she was about to have an accident and had no choice. But since then it had become one of her favorite spots to have a secret pee. And if he knew about it....he really had been watching her almost every time she wet. Stupid, sneaky, raunchy bastard!

She followed Draco inside the space behind the tapestry and watched him open the supply closet. She blushed rubbing her face. How had she never noticed there was a door right there? She could kick herself. She leaned against the wall as Draco shut the door, waiting. Sure enough, a few minutes later Hermione slipped into the space as well, whimpering and groaning aloud now that she was able to. Hermione saw the door silently creek open, Draco's eye appearing in the small space between the door as she set down her books, dancing.

“Ooooh...Merlin, do I need a wee,” Hermione gasped softly, standing still in the middle of the room, facing Draco's door. She spread her legs and slowly lifted her skirt, testing her endurance and unknowingly giving Draco a show. Again. Her pale yellow panties with little white polka dots were still dry, but not for long. She stood there, holding her skirt up with her legs spread, panting softly as she slowly relaxed her body.

“Nnnn.....wait, wait...not yet...” she gasped, whimpering to herself as a wet patch suddenly blossomed against the crotch of her panties. She tensed again, body trembling. Heat flooded Hermione's cheeks as she watched herself, knowing exactly what she was doing. She was acting out the fantasy of having a real accident. And Draco Malfoy, of all people, was watching her do something so private from behind the stupid store room door.

“Ohhhh...” Hermione moaned softly as she relaxed again, more wetness soaking into her panties. She pressed her thighs together, bending at the knees as her light liquid started running down her skin. She squirmed again, dancing from foot to foot before moving her legs apart. Trails of pee were running down her legs and into her knee socks while her soaked panties started dripping on the stone floor.

“Oh no...Oh no...Ooooh its starting to come out...” Hermione moaned, her anxious words filled with pleasure when she spoke. Hermione blushed as she watched herself. That felt so good every time she did this...it made her shift a little while she watched, her own panties still damp from peeing earlier. A different kind of heat bloomed between her legs and she nibbled her lips. Bugger. If I'm getting hot watching myself, I can only imagine what Malfoy is doing in that bloody store closet...She thought. She shook her head, embarrassed, and focusing on watching herself. She'd crossed her legs again, bending down into a half squat as spurts of pee ran down her thighs and pattering lightly onto the floor.

“I'm gonna have an accident...I can't hold it anymore...” Hermione whimpered through a moan. Tendrils of pee were running down her trembling legs and splashing down, forming a small puddle as her wet came in sudden spurts. She was losing control. She danced in place, pressing one hand against her crotch as her pee burst through her soaked underwear, spraying through her fingers and into her slowly growing mess. She gave a sudden gasp, pulling her skirt up high as she squatted down quickly, moving her hand as a torrent of liquid burst from her.

“Ahhhhhhhhh....” she sighed happily, smiling with her eyes closed as her water hissed out of her in full force, splashing loudly onto the stone below. Hermione watched herself, a bit transfixed, as she did her wee. Her womanhood was pulsing against her cool, damp panties. She bit her lip, balling her fists. She absolutely would not give in inside one of Draco's memories....

“Nnnn....oh no, I wet my panties...” Hermione giggled when she was done, “God that felt so good...” Hermione covered her mouth in shock as she watched herself sit down in her puddle, balling her skirt up so it wouldn't get wet, and move her hand between her legs again. She gasped and tremble as she touched herself through her warm, wet panties, hips rocking into her fingers. She got quite enthusiastic, splashing in her puddle as she moved, breathing heavily until she gave another loud moan of pleasure. Hermione stood there, trembling and hot as she watched herself get off in a puddle of her own pee. Her hand instinctively pressed against the front of her skirt, making her sigh softly. No! She scolded herself, yanking her hand away, not in Draco's memories! Still, she couldn't help rubbing her legs together, now that she was aching.

The scene suddenly whirled around her, vanishing below and she realized she was being pulled up and out of the Pensive. She stumbled back into the empty classroom, feet splashing in her cold pee puddle and glared defiantly at Draco. He only smirked.

“You look a little hot Granger,” he drawled.

“Go and stuff yourself,” she growled threateningly, hot in the face from anger and humiliation. She hated him! He rolled his eyes, which only angered her more.

“No way to talk to your new master,” he sneered, “or are you gonna opt out and let me show everyone that you're a filthy piss girl?” Hermione wanted to punch him.

“How long do we play your stupid game for?” she demanded to know.

“Until I get bored, obviously,” he shrugged.

“And what happens when you get bored?” she asked, eyebrow raised.

“Depends how good of a player you are,” he smiled with a wicked gleam in his eye. Hermione scowled. He had her stuck, she had no other options.

“Fine, we'll play.”

*007*2014-10-08 01:45

{{: 

I have no criticism. Just make more please.

}}

I'm halfway done with Chapter 4 now. It should be up very soon. :)
