Yellow Ink: A Splatoon FanFic

Author: PPP

*000*2015-06-29 16:29

In the not-too-distant future, rising sea levels caused the extinction of nearly all surface-dwelling creatures. Invertebrates rose from the ocean to take their place, eventually evolving into strange creatures that could shift between humanoid and squid form at will. These creatures were known as Inklings…

“Hey! Wake up!”

Celia Dea groggily sat up and brushed her hair-tentacles out of her eyes. A male Inlkling was standing over her bed. He was already dressed in a hoodie and armed with the .52 Gal ink blaster.

“Seth? Is that you?” she asked.

“The one and only,” Seth Lopod replied. “Now get dressed and grab your gear. Cap’n Cuttlefish wants us topside in five.”

“All right,” Celia groaned. “Now do you mind getting out of my room?”

As soon as Seth left, Celia rolled out of bed. She didn’t want to be up this early, but she also wasn’t one to disobey an order from the Cap’n. She walked up to her closet and stood there in her underwear. She picked out a white t-shirt and black shorts, plus a Splattershot ink shooter. As Celia pulled on her shorts, she felt a slight pain in her bladder.

Ignore it, she thought. You’re fourteen, you can hold it.

Celia dashed to the plaza, where she saw her three teammates assembled.

“What did Cap’n tell you?” she asked Seth. As the most experienced he was the squad leader.

“Not much,” he replied. “Only that it’s a Turf War.”

“No problem,” said Squidney. The eager new recruit, he was the only one fully awake. “We’re gonna paint the town red. Or in this case orange.”

“This is stupid,” yawned Emma Knight, the (s)platoon sniper. “Who holds a Turf War at four in the morning?”

“I’ll tell you who,” came a crusty voice. “Our sworn enemies, the Octarians!”

Cap’n Cuttlefish, elderly war hero, stepped out of the shadows.

“It seems they’ve grown bold lately, and it’s all come to this. They’ve challenged us to a Turf War at Urchin Underpass, Inklings vs. Octolings.”

“But why at this hour?” asked Celia.

“They must be counting on you being too tired to fight. Luckily, we don’t need sleep! Why, I’ve been awake since the Great Turf Wars. Now listen up, squids. This is the plan of splattack…”

Celia groaned. Cap’n Cuttlefish’s speeches could go on forever, and they tended to be filled with really bad puns. The pain in her bladder was growing worse, and she didn’t dare interrupt the Cap’n to ask for a pee break. She just crossed her legs and hoped against hope that he would be done soon. After what seemed like an eternity, the blathering ceased.

“Now move out!” he ordered.

“Aye-aye, Cap’n!” Seth yelled. Cap’n Cuttlefish had provided an ink path to Urchin Underpass. The Inklings morphed into squid form and swam along the trail.

“Um, Seth?” asked Celia. “Could you repeat the battle plan? I wasn’t listening…”

“I don’t blame you,” he laughed. “Emma and I will cover the main road. You and Squidney take the side alley. We meet up at the plaza and paint the enemy base.”

“Maybe I should stay behind,” said Celia, getting an idea. “I could paint our base.” And pee, she thought.

“That’s all right,” said Squidney. “I got a Splat Roller; I’ll do it.”

Celia cursed under her breath. She should have just asked for a pee break before the mission...

To be continued...

*002*2015-07-01 00:51

It's just a pun on the name Sidney. The obscure one is Celia Dea. Can you guess it?

*004*2015-07-24 01:18

Without further procrastination, here's the conclusion.

###

“Inklings, move out!” yelled Seth. Celia headed down the asphalt, shooting ink on the ground behind her. She winced at the splattering sound it made. It was not helping her desperation. By the time she reached the alley, Celia was at her breaking point. She grabbed her crotch and doubled over. If she took another step, she feared she would wet herself. There was nobody around; this was her best chance to relieve herself.

In one swift motion, Celia pulled down her shorts and panties and squatted. Her bladder immediately let go and a torrent of pee flowed out of her urethra. She yanked her shorts out of the way just in time as her pee splattered on the ground. Celia moaned with relief and watched as her pee pooled and mixed with her team’s ink.

Just then, Celia heard footsteps coming up behind her.

“Squidney, you pervert!” she yelled, turning her head. “I’m gonna-”

Her words died in her throat as she saw three kids with matching gray uniforms and ink blasters. The Octolings! Celia quickly rose and pulled her pants back up. Unfortunately, she wasn’t done peeing yet. Warm urine flooded her shorts and streamed down her legs. Celia sobbed at the fact that she had let her team down and wet herself. She sat down, defeated, as she waited for the Octolings to blast her.

SPLAT! A jet of orange flew from the rooftops above and hit one of the Octolings square in the chest. He exploded in a shower of blue ink. Celia looked up and saw Emma, armed with her Splatterscope sniper rifle. Before his companions could react, Seth leapt down from the roof. With a few well-placed shots, he reduced the Octolings to ink.

“Celia!” he cried. “What happened? Where’s Squidney?”

“Coming!” called a distant voice. “I had to make sure we had every inch covered.”

Seth groaned at this incompetence. Then he noticed the puddle of urine Celia was sitting in. His eyes went wide with shock.

“Please don’t let the others find out,” Celia whispered, tears in her eyes and her cheeks bright red.

“What’s going on?” asked Emma, starting to get suspicious. She and Squidney were moving in and they would soon notice Celia’s wet shorts.

I have to distract them, thought Seth. But only one thing came to mind.

“Pee break!” he yelled. The others stared at him. “Yeah, we’ve got this match in the bag, uh, so let’s take a break to take a pee.”

“Okay,” said Emma. “I’ve been holding it for a while now.”

“Same here,” said Squidney.

“All right,” said Seth. He pointed to a nearby wall. “In that case, boys on the left,girls on the right.”

“Aw, who cares?” inquired Emma. On the spot she pulled down her jeans and squatted. She sighed in relief as she let out a spurt of urine, which quickly grew into a stream.

“I certainly don’t,” Squidney replied as he unzipped his fly. His pee stream went in a high arc, soaking the wall.

“Oh, why not?” Seth said to himself. He took out his penis and relaxed his bladder. He took aim and golden stream flowed out, hitting the ground with a loud hissing sound. As the Inklings peed together as one, Seth looked back at Celia.

“Thank you,” she whispered.

“No problem,” Seth replied in equally hushed tones. “But next time, just tell me if you have to go.”

THE END

