Magical Warriors

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-03-05 00:44

Two girls were thrown into the dungoun together. They were magical warrior girls, and they would let nothing happen to them. One girl had golden locks down to the floor and pirceing green eyes. She held her curls in place by a bright blue bow with red beads hanging off. Her warrior robe was an orange kimono with golden lacy sleeves. Her shoes were black velvet with pink cherry blossoms on them. She was a healer, so she didn't actually do any fighting. Her friend had short blue hair with matching blue eyes. Her outfit was a blue tunic with golden lines and crosses on it. Her boots were silver with black stockings, and her skirt was crushed red velevt. The blonde was Callie and the blue-haired girl was Karly. As most magical girls, they never thought of using the bathroom before transforming and going off, and now they were paying the price.

Karly was laying on the cold concerte floor, then she nudged her friend with her foot gently. "Hey Callie?" she whipsered. "What?"

"I kinda have to pee. You think they'll let us out soon?" Karly moved her leg really quick. Callie shook her head no, which was hard to tell in the dark light. "No. They wanted to capture us, and now they'll kill us. I guess you just have to wait. I kinda have to pee too." She laid down next to her friend.

Karly crossed her legs. "But maybe we could tell a gaurd or somebody. I don't want to wet mtself in front of you!" she cried. Callie giggled at that. "Well, if someone comes in, we can ask. Villans always, ALWAYS let the captives out to use the bathroom. If we go, then kick their butts, they'll never want to capture us again." Callie whispered proudly. She never made a plan that failed.

Karly stood up and tried crossing her legs. "I can't wait until someone comes in! I need to go now!" She grabbed her friend's arms. Callie shushed her. "Keep your voice down. Why don't you just go into that dark, sulced corner over there, and I'll turn my back, and you can just let it out now." Callie told her friend. "In fact, why don't I try it first?" Karly grabbed Callie, bringing her to the floor.

"No, I'll just wait." She despreatly danced her feet on the floor, making a clicking noise with her heels. Callie felt bad for her. She stood up and felt her friend's forehead. Karly had some sweat on her forehead and she bit her lip. "Please, I just need to go! I wanna relive the tension!" She glanced over at the corner and sunk to her knees, bringing Callie with her.

"Promise you'll turn around?" she asked. Callie smiled and nodded. Karly glanced once more, then swallowed. "Alright." Their holder had came in right then, scaring the girls. She had brown hair held in place by green and pink bows then went down her back. She was dressed in a pink school uniform, and she smiled, holding a glowing purple energy ball.

Karly screamed. She felt her bladder muscles contracting and having spasms. She despreatly grabbed her crotch and felt warm the second she did. Hot, salty tears pushed their way down her cheeks. Her black panties did nothing to prevent the flow.

She fanally let go of her crotch, then sighed in relief as the salty fuild forced out of her bladder wall and soaked her socks. She was sitting in a warm, wet puddle. She saw Callie softly sobbing next to her. "What's wrong?" Karly dared to ask. Callie looked up from her wet green eyes. "I just peed myself, in front of our holder." The girl grinned.

Karly stood up, the last remaining drops clinging to her skirt. "You have brought nothing but shame and misfortune to innocent warriors! Leave now, or I'll destroy you!" Karly reached into her belt, but grabbed air. She despreatly searched her tunic for her sword, then realized she left it where she was taken captive. "A warrior is nothing without her sword!" She threw the spinning ball at Callie. She screamed, and the puddle grew larger.

"Callie, look out!" Karly jumped in front and grabbed her friend. She ran right past the enemy. Karly was a fast runner. She stopped near where they were captured. Callie sighed heavily. A yellow stream trickled out for a minute, then stopped. "Why didn't you just pee yourself compleatly in there?" Karly asked. She set her friend down, her kimono looking like a soaked, bulging balloon. "Because, I was embrassed. But, you weren't, and I admire you for that." Callie ran her fingers through Karly's hair, then smiled.

She started walking down the hill. "Well, come on! We have a long walk home." She grinned.

*002*2011-03-05 01:57

{{:

Just reading this story only makes me realize how geeky I am when I always seem to be in to magician girls.

Cute story, not much more to say out of me.

}}

I actually love magical girls now, so I was thinking of that picture I uploaded a few days ago, and thought of this. Glad you liked it! :)

*004*2011-03-05 17:02

{{:

This is a pretty good story. i wish there was a bit more detail and a little less filler but on the whole it was enjoyable

}}

Glad you liked it!

