The Futuristic Wetting

Author: Heyaself

*000*2011-07-17 07:03

Hello, I'm the user who made a few posts after joining and never did anything else. Now I want to become a writer!

But on a more serious note, I was looking through the fiction stories I created on my free time to find one a made about omorashi. Thinking that I needed to contribute to this awesome forum somehow, I took it, fixed some spelling and grammar errors, added more description, and here it is, a story about a normal girl from the year 2065. Enjoy!

Fun Fact: Since I was never planning to post this anywhere, Sarah was originally called "Jane Doe" because I was too lazy to come up with a name.

"Number 14, please enter Dr. Dinner's office. Number 14, please enter Dr. Dinner's office."

Sarah Sanders sighed as she got up to go to her X-ray. The poor high schooler was one of the victims of the robot bumblebee malfunction at the Museum of Natural History. From what she gathered from the news, some mentally insane college student thought it would be funny to reprogram them while the place was closed. Really, the appointment was unnecessary. It didn't even hurt! Still, everyone who was stabbed by the sharp, artificial stingers needed to get an X-ray immediately...for some...odd reason. Wait a second, why was that? It's not l-

"Last call for number 14. Please enter Dr. Dinner's office."

Whoops. She ran to the nicknamed doctor's office hastily. Nobody but his siblings actually knew his real name, but he was her uncle, so her mother got a discount. The girl took her seat and waited for the doctor. She had already changed into the white shirt and pants that were required here for whatever reason. Other than her green bra and panties, she was completely white. Her pale skin matched the outfit even more. Five minutes later, he still wasn't there. At this point, she was starting to feel the urge to pee. Why was he not even there? Did someone steal his car or something? Did someone get severely injured? Even so, two or three seconds of healing from one of their machines should be enough. Surely the stings aren't THAT bad, right?

She checked her watch. 15 minutes have passed. How long was this gonna take? The urge to go was getting worse. Why did she have to go this bad when she could usually wait hours? She was trying her best to stand still in her seat, but she couldn't. Maybe she could just rush to the restroom before-

"I'M HERE!" Called out the distraught doctor who practically flew in. "PATIENT, COME WITH ME!" he shouted as he ran off again. Sarah tried her best to keep up with him, but it was difficult to run with an urge to go. Eventually, they arrived at the back of the building, where the X-ray machine tubes were located. "GET IN THERE, QUICKLY!" Startled, the desperate girl ran into the nearest tube while the doctor closed the door and quickly pressed several multicolor boxes to start up the machine. Why was he starting it up that way instead of using the default set-up? Was she already getting a treatment?

Dinner sat down, obviously trying to catch his breath. He wasn't the most athletic man in the world. "The last patient, and no casualties. What a relief!" Wait, casualties? "Hey, kid," he said with his eyes closed, "Sorry about the rush. You okay?" Sarah remained silent, partly from focusing on her increasing bladder, but mostly because she hated speaking. It's not that she wasn't a good speaker, because she was a genius, but she was more of a silent thinker kind o-

"Hey, kid!" he said again. Still no answer. He opened his eyes to check on the girl. "Wait, Sarah? You got stung?"

Sarah nodded, not really paying attention. "Well, you could of-" He paused, probably thinking about what the mute girl could have done. "Uh, you know what? It doesn't matter. I'm guessing you want to know what's going on?

"Yeah..." she quietly mumbled.

"Well, the person who reprogrammed those bee things was a college student. Upon further inspection, the guy made it only attack females. For whatever reason, the stinger puts a tiny machine in the bladder that dispenses liquid into it. We don't know why someone would do that, but he did. The problem is the machine is faulty and can randomly send out electricity into the body. The X-ray disabled it, but we're running a post-X-ray, just to be sure."

Sarah was pretty shocked to hear about this. She had a bomb inside of her? She didn't really care, however, due to the fact her bladder was bursting. She wanted to mention she had to pee, but she wasn't going to. "Well, I'm going to check to see if my other patient's extraction is complete. I'll be back in a few minutes." Sarah watched him walk away. Why is he moving so slow? She continued watching him as he went out of sight.

When she was sure he was gone, Sarah grabbed herself with as much force as possible. The bladder growing slowed down, but it didn't even matter now. She couldn't hold it much longer. As much as she tried to hold it, a small amount of pee escaped the death grip on herself. The serious pain caused by the how full her bladder was made her decide to drop her pants and panties and just pee right there. She attempted to pull them off, but the X-ray that was going on made her too weak to be able to. Then, she had an idea.

She rammed the glass as hard as she could, and again, and again, and again. The glass was cracking, but it just wouldn't break. Not that it made her stop. Smash! Smash! Smash! Crack! Crack! Crack! POW! The defeated glass shattered as she fell through the tube.

....OW, THAT HURT! Why did she do that? Oh yeah, the X-ray affects the brain, too. In her defense, they should make stronger-oh, she need to go! Interrupting her thought yet again, she ran by the big screen that read, "X-RAY-FAILED" and into the hall. The place was deserted, for most people had already went home. Another spurt went into her panties. She had to find a bathroom NOW! She began randomly going through the hall, looking for a bathroom. Left.

Right. Left. Right. Right. Left. Right. Left. Left. Left. Up. Up. Down. Down. Left. Right. Left. Right. B. A. They all looked the same!

"Sarah?" A doctor behind her said. Please don't be Dinner. She turned around. Dinner.

"...You broke out of the tube, didn't you?" She nodded her head, hoping that he would just let her go for now.

"Well, looks like we found the old tube. We were replacing the worn out tubes when the idiot installing them lost track of the ones he did replaced, and since we didn't have enough money for 20 more new tubes, we kept the old one in." It seems he was so caught up in his explanation he didn't notice his niece jumping around. "You did us a big favor. Thanks!" She was a bit upset that he didn't ask if she was hurt, but she couldn't be upset about that now. She needed to find a bathroom!

Sarah quickly took off. The doctor was too busy ranting about how thankful he was to notice. After a while, a wooden door with "RESTROOM" on it came into view. Finally, a bathroom! She lifted one hand to open the door, but a long jet of pee rushed out, forcing her to put her hand back.

She couldn't open the door! Upon looking down, she realized the stain was now bigger than her hand was.

She began working it out in her head. She would quickly open the door, rush in, pull her pants down, and sit on the toilet, all at the same time. She didn't really like the idea, but she didn't have time to think it over. She jumped up, pulled the handle-locked!? Noooooo!

The inevitable peeing happened as Sarah held herself hopelessly. The liquid filled her now dark white pants, getting her hands wet with pee in the process. The puddle under her feet continued growing as she cried silently. This can't be happening! She felt like a little preschooler, having an accident right in the hall.

After around what seemed like forever, the wetting stopped. Thankfully, she found some clean clothes in the laundry room. She always complained about the required outfits, but she was now thankful for them existing. Having changed into them, throwing the wet pants into the washing machine with the rest, and cleaning the puddle, she sat down, back against the wall, and sighed a breath of relief.

"Ah, there you are!" Dr. Dinner said, out of breath from running around. "Where did you run off to?"

The girl just stared at him, not speaking at all.

"Wanting to go home or something? Go ahead, you've had a long day. We can begin the extraction tomorrow." Pleased, Sarah muttered a quick thank-you and left.

*002*2011-07-19 13:00

You mean the omorashi fic itself or the future setting? I was wanting to try my hand at some video game fics, but I could take a request. Also, this was written quite a while ago, so I could probably write better fics.

Either way, thanks for posting!

