Date Panic! - Page 20

Author: OmoCommando

*476*2014-05-05 22:18

I apologize profusely to the followers of "Date Panic!" I'm being treated for carpal tunnel at the moment, wearing a rather cumbersome wrist brace, so I'm unable to make any drawings, and will likely remain this way for the next two weeks or so.

"Date Panic!" will be on hold until then, but rest assured, the story will continue.

(I realize how poorly timed this is, and once again, I'm sorry)

*492*2014-05-21 04:01

Thank you all for your patience. You've waited long enough.

###

“You can’t move?” You ask.

“That’s what I said, wasn’t it?” Nikki snaps.

“Well um… I can carry you there.” You suggest.

“U-Uhm…” Nikki ponders the option. “I guess that might work.”

You gaze at her partially wet behind. “I’ll put you on my shoulders. Open your legs.”

“N-No!” she shouts. “I’ll lose it if I do that! Just carry me in your arms!”

You wouldn’t really mind if she “lost it” while being carried on your shoulders, but it’s probably best to comply with her wishes. You approach her from behind, placing one arm at her knees and the other around her neck, you lift the girl up. She’s lighter than she looks. Probably just under 45 kilos.

“Please be careful!” she whimpers.

“We have to move fast before it’s too late!” you exclaim. With the girl in your arms, you quickly walk into the bathroom.

“Gaahhhh!!! I’m losing it!” she cries. “I can’t hold it! I can’t hold it!”

Warm liquid begins to trickle down your hand. You pause for just a minute, wondering and hoping that a little more might-

“Come on, dammit! Put me down!”

POW!

Your face suddenly meets a fist. You lose your balance and drop the girl. She quickly catches herself, then begins to slide her pants down. A yellow stream emerges from between her legs and splatters onto your bathroom floor, as she quickly seats herself upon your toilet.

The room practically echoes with what may be the loudest sigh of relief you’ve ever heard, coinciding with the pitter-patter of a strong stream crashing into the water within the toilet.

“I almost didn’t make it…” she groans. “Ohhh that feels so good…”

You look at the girl’s bare lower body as she sits over the toilet, but the punch left you fairly dazed. She hits hard for such a small girl. You see the trail of yellow puddles leading over to the toilet, and the partially soaked pulled-down pants. Well you kept her desperate for a pretty long time, but unfortunately, she didn’t completely wet herself. Nikki shoots you an irritated look.

“I think you were trying to get me to wet myself!”

“No! Not at all!” you protest. “I took what I thought to be the best course of action, given the circumstance.”

"Hmph!" She pouts. "Well I'll let you clean up what spilled on the floor then!"

Finally, the sound of urine hitting water dies down. Nikki pulls her pants back up and then looks at the wet spot. “Do you think it’s too suspicious?”

“Not really. Why?”

“Because we paid for that ice cream and I want it.” She answers. “But I don’t want people staring at me, thinking I wet myself.”

“Well you can stay in the car and I’ll bring the ice cream back out.”

Nikki nods. “Seems like a good idea.”

—

You exit the ice cream shop with your cones in hand. You walk back to the car and are greeted by a delightful smile. You hand Nikki her ice cream and she begins to lick it joyfully.

“Mmmm… almost makes everything worth it!”

“I hope the date wasn’t too terrible.” you say.

“Bathroom issues aside, I did have a good time.” Nikki replies. “I think I’d go on another date with you.”

Date ended.

Desperation points: 300

Accident Points: 40

Trust Level Points: 170

Difficulty Modifier: x1.5

Total: 765

Rating: Good

Unlocked: Free choice - date location

So concludes the first round of “Date Panic!”. If you enjoyed it, we can begin again, either by going on a second date with Nikki, or trying out a date with a different girl. (secret character unlocked at 800 points)

Edit: Math fail. Thank you Mydnight68.

