My summer of love (A fanfiction) - Page 4

Author: Little Widow

*075*2015-04-15 04:56

This feels so weird to be posting again. O_o in any case, I hope y'all like this little come back chapter. :)

Chapter 26:

Katie awoke to the smell of burning cinnamon. She sighed and slowly untangled herself from Kendall, who for once was sleeping like a baby. She quietly stepped outside into the hall, making sure to shut the door when she heard it: James and Logan talking in low voices.

"I just wanted to make you something special baby," James whimpered, two small tear streaks running down his floury cheeks.

"Shh, I know sweetie, it's okay," Logan cooed. "it's the thought that counts." Katie watched intently from the top of the stairs.

"But it's our anniversary today," James sighed. "I.... I love you Logie Bear, and I wanted to show you."

"Oh honey," Logan cooed, pulling James close as he placed a passionate kiss on his lips. Katie gasped, separating the two prematurely. "Oh geez," he breathed.

Katie chewed her lip, slowly slinking down the steps when James motioned for her. "What are you doing up?" he asked, arm protectively wrapped around Logan's hip.

"I-I smelled the burnt cinnamon," she said skittishly. "I-I didn't mean to interrupt."

James took in the tiny girl who looked like she was about to cry and sighed. "Look, just don't tell anyone, alright? We're.... We're still not sure about any of this. We're just sort of.... Going with what feels right."

Katie nodded frantically. "I-I promise," she said softly. Logan let out a sigh of relief, which stung Katie for some odd reason.

James looked around at the mess in the kitchen before turning to Logan. "Help me?"

"Always," He said with an adorable smile. Katie slowly backed out of the kitchen and ran back upstairs, burrowing herself back into the blankets and Kendall as the tears began to flow. Her emotions weren't making a lot of sense. She doubted Logan had meant anything, but it still stung that neither of them had really trusted her.

Kendall woke quickly once he heard her sobs. "Aw baby, what's wrong?" he asked, brushing the hair out of her face with his hand.

"Nothing, just a bad dream," she hiccuped, hoping he didn't push the issue. "I-I don't wanna talk about it."

Kendall nodded, just holding her as she tried to calm down. Once she did, she realized her little plan had worked. "The bed is dry," she mumbled.

"My pull-up isn't," Kendall said with a blush.

Katie nuzzled his neck. "That's okay though," she said softly. "That's why we have them."

Kendall shrugged. "I guess," he said glumly. Katie frowned, worried he was getting depressed over it. "Quit worrying about it honey. I'll get used to it eventually. What's up with you? I've never seen you like that before."

Katie looked away, feeling her chest tighten in anxiety. "I told you, I don't want to talk about it," she whispered, not looking Kendall in the eye.

He sighed, rubbing her back. "Is he bothering you again?"

Katie choked on a sob, trying to pull herself together. The answer was yes, but she didn't want Kendall to know. He got super protective over her whenever her ex bothered her. Kendall could read her better though. "Baby-"

"Just leave me alone," she said, going to the bathroom and starting the shower. She shut the door and locked it, looking at herself in the mirror. She took shaky breaths, trying to just shove it all inside. She had to if she wanted to get Kendall off her back and Logan to trust her.

MEANWHILE DOWNSTAIRS...

"Don't you think you were a little hard on her?" James asked as he and Logan sat down to their breakfast.

"Maybe," Logan said. "I'm just... Nervous about anyone else knowing about us."

"Baby," James said, "It's been a year. We can't stay in the closet forever. I mean... I'm scared too. But..."

"Just give me a little more time, please?" Logan said, almost begging.

James frowned. "A little. But I'm not gonna stay in the closet past the end of summer."

Logan frowned with James. "You don't understand. My parents are.... They're really closed minded. And do you know what coming out could do to the band? To our fan base?"

James sighed. "Maybe we should just take it slow. Come out seperately, and then just... Ease into the whole Jagan thing."

"Jagan?"

"I hear that's what our ship name is," James chuckled. Logan rolled his eyes. "Just ease up on K. She's better at keeping secrets than you would think."

"I'll work on that," Logan chuckled. "Love you."

"Love you more," James cooed, pecking Logan on the lips.

*076*2015-05-15 22:11

I just realized I have a couple of updates for this one. :D

Chapter 27:

Katie stepped out of the shower, much calmer as she unlocked the bathroom door. She knew Kendall would barge in, which he did.

"Don't scare me like that," he said, crushing her to his chest. "You should have told me."

"I know, but... I guess I just didn't want to worry you," she sighed.

"I worry more though, especially when you pull this stuff," Kendall said, tilting her chin up. "Did you hurt yourself?"

Katie shook her head, releasing her towel and showing him her arms. Kendall couldn't help but smile. "What?" she asked.

"You're just... So beautiful," he said with his heart melting smirk. "Ya know, I could use a shower too..." Katie giggled, kissing him wildly.

HEHEHEHEH, ONCE THEY WERE BOTH SHOWERED.....

"Mmm, I love you baby," Katie said, pulling on her shorts.

"Love you more," Kendall chuckled. "You excited for the mall?"

Katie shrugged. "I've never been real fond of shopping," she said honestly. "And what the heck with you and Carlos last night? Why were you two so eager for me and Lex to get our nails done?"

"We kind of thought it might help you two bond or something," Kendall admitted sheepishly. "Plus, we thought it might get your mind off whatever it was that was making you so self-conscious."

Katie rolled her eyes. "You two are something else," she muttered, finishing up with her outfit.

"Pleeeeease?" Kendall begged. "It would make her so happy."

Katie let out a sigh. "We'll see. Now let me do my hair!"

Kendall chuckled, leaving her to it.

LALALALA TIMESKIIIIIIIP:

"Oooooh! Look at those dresses!" Alexa squealed as they walked in to Macy's. Logan and James rolled their eyes, but Carlos just shook his head with a smile.

Katie on the other hand, slowly followed behind, Kendall right by her side, examining a rack full of different red dresses. She sighed and brushed a few with her hands, lingering on a red pragmatic cut tube dress with a knot in the middle.

"You should try it on," Kendall said from behind her, making her jump a little.

"But what if someone takes a picture? You know my mom would have a fit if she sees it," Katie said.

"you're nineteen though," Kendall said. "Plus, it would be perfect for Friday."

"You gonna try anything on with me?" Alexa asked, her arms full of dresses far more revealing than the one Katie was looking at. She nodded, picking up the dress and following Alexa

*077*2015-05-20 02:02

Time for another chapter! :D this one is really cute in my humble opinion.

REVISED Shot in The Dark: Chapter 28

Revised shot in the dark

Chapter 28:

Katie sighed, turning around so she couldn't look in the mirror as she slid the dress over her head. She sighed and stepped outside of the changing room to face Kendall. "What do you think?" She asked softly.

"Baby you look amazing," he said happily.

Alexa stepped out of her dressing room in a dress far shorter than Katie's and covered in gold sequins. "aw K you look adorable," she said.

Katie faked a smile, feeling hopelessly plain next to the other girl, but managed to say, "Thanks, so do you."

"Come on, I'll get it," Kendall said.

Katie nodded, changing back before she heard Alexa whine. "I should probably go help her," she said with a small sigh.

"I'll miss you," Kendall said, slowly brushing his fingers down her arm before he walked away.

Katie smiled before she knocked on the door. "Lex, you okay?" She asked.

"Ummm.... I'm kind of stuck," she said, opening the door. Katie bit back a giggle and stepped into the room. She quickly shut the door and locked it before helping Alexa out of the dress. "Thanks," she said with a smile.

"No problem. Are you gonna get it?" Katie asked.

"I don't know, it's so hard to get in and out of," Alexa said longingly.

"I think I saw my dress in black."

"Yeah but you looked so much better in it," Lex said. "I don't want to steal your look."

"Alexa, when have we ever worn the same thing the same way?" Katie asked seriously.

Alexa thought for a moment. "I guess you're right," she admitted.

Katie smiled. "Come on then," she said. Alexa smiled and followed her out of the dressing room when Kendall jogged up to the two of them. "Baby?"

"Don't panic, but... Some fans may know we're here," he panted.

"So?" Alexa asked.

"I'm not usually their favorite person," Katie managed to squeak, butterflies entering her stomach.

"Oh," Alexa answered. "I get it. I'm not always their favorite either."

"Maybe they can hate us together?" She asked quietly. Alexa couldn't hide the grin on her face.

"They can hate us together all day," she said, making Katie giggle. "They're just jealous that they don't have the worlds greatest boyfriends."

Katie nodded. "Let's go get the boys and head to Aero." Alexa nodded happily, linking arms with Katie, Kendall linking arms with her on the other side. They make their way to the underwear section where the other three seem to be having a debate about boxers when Kendall whistles.

"Aero?" He offered. The other three boys nod and follow him.

