Bursting Anita

Author: Pain

*000*2015-02-05 18:47

This was the day of one of the biggest meetings in the history of the Peter-Robert accounting firm. All of the big shots in the company were there to discuss a possible merger with Orion Corporate Investments.

But it was a normal day for Anita one of the leading employees in the company.She was the best employee in the firm.

She had charged up for the evening with a tall ice mocha, a liter of water and a couple of those red-bull cans to give her the occasional boost during the most intense working hours.

An hour and a half had gone by and Anita's need to relieve her bladder was starting to become a significant and persistent problem.

"I've to complete these files and hand it over to Mr.Peterson as soon as possible," Anita said to Shauna who was sitting just besides her seat.

"As usual,it seems like you've gotta lot of work to do," Shauna responded.

"I can't believe I got so busy. I haven't had a break and I really gotta go pee," she replied.

"We both almost drank the same amount during the break and I've went to the toilets twice,and you're still holding it?" she asked.

"Ya I can't believe I need to go so badly, but I don't have time for this,just need to concentrate on my work," Anita answered.

Anita badly needed to pee. In fact, she was absolutely bursting.

"Oh, come on!" she complained as continued completing the accounts work that had halted her progress to the bathroom. The pain was growing intolerable.

Of course, she'd been forced to hold on to a full bladder often enough in her career.

She had never yielded to the urge, however bad it got, because she was damned if she would give them the satisfaction of seeing her call for a temporary replacement at her desk while she scuttled off to the toilets. She sometimes wondered if she was doing harm to her bladder during these long hold-it sessions.

As bad as some of those sessions had been, however, they were nothing compared to this one which was truly testing her powers of endurance. She was being seriously distracted by her distended bladder.

Without thinking, she pressed a hand against her crotch. It scarcely helped since her skirt prevented her from pushing where it would really do some good, but she could hardly pull her skirt up while sitting in the office.She was so incredibly desperate for the bathroom.

God, she couldn't believe how close she was to wetting herself.

Anita was also a topic of discussion to almost all the workers on her floor. They all were awe stuck with her ability to hold her pee for so long,and if rumours from other female co-workers were to be believed,at the end of her shift,Anita always pissed with incredible pressure in the toilet.None of them had ever heard anyone pee with so much force.

Finally an hour later Anita submitted the files to her boss,now all on her mind was to get to the nearest toilet and take a minute long piss.

She walked towards the ladies as fast as her swollen bladder would allow.

At that point she recalled that she'd been called to Mr. Hopkins cabin for an evaluation on her report.

"Okay I just have hold my pee a little longer," she said to herself, “A short trip to Mr.Hopkins' cabin then straight to the toilet" Anita thought.

"May I come in sir?" she asked standing at the door.

"Yes please come in," he replied.Anita hobbled her way to the desk.

"Good evening sir," she greeted him.

"Listen dear,I need you to bring me the profit graphs as soon as possible," Mr.Hopkins requested.

"But sir the graphs aren't completly ready yet, it’d take some time to get them up," she replied.

"Please I need them right now,our shares holders are on video-conferencing and they'd like to see them as soon as possible," he demanded.

"I'll get you those as soon I can," Anita replied.

She hurried back to her table to get those files done.She was so certain that she would have been enjoying a long piss after she'd have met Mr.Hopkins,but now she was struck with some fucking graphs,holding on to a very full bladder.

"Oh Shauna, I need to pee so badly," Anita said while she shuffled pages looking for something in it.

"Just go you've been holding it for so long now," Shauna replied worried.

"I'll just have to cork it up,"Anita replied,closing her eyes as she released a gasp of frustration.The pressure to piss was amazing on her,still she was putting it off. ."Ooohh, oh God I'm really dying for the loo," she sighed.

As soon as Anita left to find some important papers,Smith came nearby Shauna and asked,"What's the matter with Anita? Why's she so tense?"

"Oh,she just needs to pee,she'd been putting it off for a long time now and as the result pressure is too much to handle for her," Shauna spoke softly so that no one else could hear them.

"Wow,she's a really a grown up women, not letting her needs interfere in her job," he replied.

"You're right,I would have pissed my clothes by now," replied Shauna concerned for Anita.

Now Anita really did want to pee, and she was conscious of the tension needed to control her bladder.

She had to call a small group of employees for giving them some instructions over some graph work,and a luck would have it,the group also included Smith.

As the group assembled Anita quickly uncroosed her legs.Crossing legs would be too suggestive of needing to take a pee,and she didn't want anyone else to know that she was absolutely bursting to go to the bathroom.

She blatantly stood with legs wide apart giving them instructions,holding her bladder muscles more tightly than she could ever remember.

"My God! The amount of pressure this girl is handling right now," thought Smith.He could see Anita's bladder bulging out giving him an idea to how much pee she might have been holding!

When Anita finally gave all the instructions Smith raced his way to the toilet,shut the door,and had the most intense wank of his life thinking about Anita's desperation and swollen bladder.

Anita went back and sat on her chair with legs tightly crossed.Her bladder had reached the point of exploding, it had become rock hard and swollen so much that her skirt was streched to its limit.

She kept repeating to herself that it was always possible to wait a bit longer.She tried to forget her agony by thinking what reward would she could claim from her boss for so much dedication to her work.

"I need to go to the bathroom," Anita gasped,Cross her legs tightly and closing her eyes.

"Just leave all this crap and go to the toilet Anita," Shauna said in a concerned tone.

"Ya, I think you're right,I have to hurry because I'm ready to piss myself!" She really was desperate for a piss, her bladder bursting against her tight skirt,really hurting, and it was taking a conscious effort to hold back her pee.

"I said just leave and go to the toilet," Shauna reprimanded on seeing Anita struggling with somes pages.Anita was still trying to complete Mr.Hopkins' work,when she should have been peeing hard inside a toilet.

"I've been in agony with a full bladder all evening", Anita remarked, her voice tightening again with the strain of holding on to a bladder literally brimming over with piss."But I've do these graphs first,Mr.Hopkins may call up any moment".

She finally went to submit the graphs to Mr.Hopkins.

"Sir,here are you're graphs," she informed putting them on his desk.

"Thanks a lot love,this was a huge favour," he replied,now seeing Anita hurring back."What's the matter dear,you look in such a hurry?"

"OH,I've take a huge piss,please excuse me," Anita said as she turned back for a moment and rushed outside the room.

"Hahaha! Run! Get there quick!," Mr.Hopkins laughed,teasing her.Anita rested her left hand on her bladder stealing herself from grabbing her crotch as she made her way to the toilets.

When she reached the toilets,she noticed a sign on the door.She was so desperate to pee,she didn't have time left to read the sign,so she tried to push the door open.But as luck would have it didn't move.

Then did she bother to read the sign.

"Restroom Closed For Cleaning/ Do Not Enter"

The restroom was closed as usual after all the female employees had left,it was only Anita who had been working late that day,and now it seemed like she had to pay for it.

"Fuck! I've to piss so badly!," she cried out on reading this.She even tried to get into the Gents toilet,but seeing so many men going in,she declined the idea.

She knew that even other floors would be locked by now,therefore she had only a single hope left.

She decided to pee in the car parking area hoping that no one would be able to catch her.

She hurried back to her desk,picked up her bag and car keys and rushed to the car park.She did her best to hurry,to get to the parking lot, one hand pulling her waistband away from her swollen bladder.

In the elevator Anita had started shifting her weight from foot to foot,to ease her need to pee. Realizing what she was doing, she forced herself to stop, leaning against the wall of the elevator with her legs crossed, trying hard to look relaxed and unconcerned.

At last when the elevator stopped, and door opened Anita moved in front of it. "Ladies first," she said not sure whether that was a request or a statement of where she was going. Expecting a crowd waiting for them, Anita had stopped holding her crutch, so she was fighting to hold in her pee, unable to stop herself twisting and squirming, almost running on the spot. The urge to pee was overwhelming; she had to fight it with all her strength, to do everything except hold herself to help keep it back. However obvious it made her desperation, wetting herself, which was a real possibility, would be worse. As soon as the door was partly open she just had to squeeze through and push the people outside the elevator aside.

Anita went straight for the car park ignoring everything and everybody except the frantic need to pee.

Abandoning any pretense of decorum, conscious only of the all-consuming urge to pee, Anita jammed one hand between her legs, pulling up her skirt so she could press with all her fingers, and tried to run up the stairs, knowing that she wasn't going to be able to wait much longer, that every second it took to get to the parking was vital. Everything seemed to be against her. Her high heels and tight skirt would have made it difficult to hurry anywhere, and on the bare concrete of the floor she could hardly keep her balance. One hand was between her legs, absolutely essential but not helping her hurry.

"I want to piss. I want to piss," she was repeating to herself, and this was the only thing that mattered to her; she had to get to the parking area before her bladder gave way and she wet herself.

When she finally reached the parking space her heart drowned as she saw some men and security guards standing and talking there.She was so certain that she she would reach to the car park and pee,but now all her hopes had vanished suddenly.Anita had no choice but to really pee dance to keep from wetting herself. She didn't dare try to hide her desperation any longer; if she made any attempt at all to regain her composure and stand still, she would lose it in a massive flood inside her clothes.

"Even now if could make to some bushes around I can pee behind them," she thought to herself.Holding her crotch she hobbled inside her car,not caring if anyone could see her, because she was so close to losing control that anything was better than peeing in her skirt.Her bladder was full to the spilling point.She was at her absolute limit, she could not possibly hold any more pee.

She started the engine and began driving. She didn't fasten her belt because she was now frightened that the additional pressure would be the straw that broke the camel's back... or burst her bladder.

She drove as fast as she dared, praying she would not get pulled over for speeding. That would be totally disastrous! She pressed one hand between her legs, trying to press down on her crotch to help contain the flood. The maneuver did not work well because her skirt was too tight around her thighs, preventing her from reaching her crotch.

All the way ,Anita kept shifting her legs. Every red traffic light left her shaking with panic, and she could feel sweat on her brow and upper lip now. She absolutely could not take much more. She was frantic, feeling that she really reached her limit. She bent forward as the pain become stronger, and for the last mile of the drive, she sat with her skirt pulled right up to the top of her hips. Holding herself had become essential now.

As she neared the bushes where she'd thought of peeing , the mental expectation of relief almost overpowered her. She was so desperate that she could only avoid wetting by pressing her left hand between her legs with tremendous force.

But Anita was in such a hurry to get to the quite forest area to piss after a whole day of work that she had just forgotten to look at her speedometer.Half way there,blue and red lights flared into life in her rearview mirror.

"Oh no,not now," Anita moaned clenching her thighs together.She dare not stop now,she would loose control of her bladder any moment and it was obvious that if she pulled over the cop won't let her pee until she had paid the fine and fulfilled other formalities.

"Aarrhh,go away I've to piss man!," she moaned again as her car neared the bushes.The cop continued following her giving sirens at short intervals that she must stop her vehicle right then.

"No,I've been waiting for so long to pee and now he won't let me go," Anita cried.She couldn't stop the vehicle now.If she did,she would soak her dress with a gallon of piss right in front of the cop.

The quite forest area had cleared now and Anita's car was back on the high way surrounded with heavy traffic, as the chase sequence between her and the cop continued.

Anita was unable to piss & her bladder was aching for relief.Suddenly she gave away a short spurt of piss soaking through her panties.

"Oh God. It's starting to come out," she cried holding her crotch.She was trying her best to contain her full bladder.

As the minutes passed and the chase from the cop continued Anita grew increasingly certain that her overfilled bladder would explode at any point from now.

"Fuck you idiot!" she cried out in desperation.She could see the red and blue lights still flaring.He wasn't going to leave her alone so easily.

Then fianlly Anita couldn't hold on any longer,"Oh god! I can't wait to piss!" she moaned.

She had reached her limit, and she could either remove her skirt and panty and pee in the car while she drove her ass off away from the cop or try to hold it,pay the fine,find somewhere better and probably wet herself in the attempt.

Holding herself until the last possible second, she just about managed to remove her panty and skirt away from her pee hole,before her pee came blasting out with incredible force,shooting directly to the steering wheel of her car.

"Aaaaahhhhhh! Ya! Come out! Yes!" she sighed raising her head and closing her eyes as her body buried into the seat with relief.She was peeing like a race horse inside her car,while the cop was still behind her ass chasing her.

"My God,there was so much pressure," she whispered as the relief she was experiencing made her close her eyes for a second.

She was just peeing and peeing and peeing really hard driving her car along twisting country roads, as she tried to concentrate on this and not think about the stupendous relief she was getting from weeing so much.

A huge puddle of her pee had formed below her,near her feet.

"Holy cow!I can't stop peeing," she said in a low voice,her head resting on the seat as she enjoyed releasing so much pressure.

Despite the enormous puddle she had made she hadn’t finished her pee, but at least she had let the pressure off.

Two minutes had passed since Anita had started peeing and she was still going strong, continuing her run away from the cop.She was peeing and driving really fast and hard,both at the same time.

"It's amazing! peeing with so much pressure is far better than having an orgasm," she thought as a smile ran across her face.

It was only when she touched the three minute mark that her stream suddenly died.Then she gave almost half a dozen thick shots of piss before coming to conclusion that her bladder had finally emptied out all of it's contents.

"Awww,that was lovely,I really needed that," she said to herself.She again heard the police siren ordering her to stop.

Now when she had shot her entire load,she didn't see any problem in getting pulled over by a cop.

She quickly adjusted her panty and skirt,drove her car off the lane and stopped.She got out taking the license and registration with her purse.

As the cop got off and came closer to her she gave him a sweet smile and said "I'm really sorry," hoping that he won't take a look inside her car.

