Sea Spray - Lesbian Desperation Threesome

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-08-02 20:01

Hi you guys. Here's chapter 1 of "Three Way Split," taken from my latest watersports book 'Sea Spray.' Hope you like it!

A girl agrees to run an ice cream booth for the day. As the temperature rises she drinks more and more, becoming desperate to pee but with nowhere to go. Her old flame appears and comes up with a solution...

Chapter 1 – Selling Ice Cream

“And this is where you’ll be for the day. Hope you like ice cream!”

Mrs Richards held open the door and I squeezed into the most depressing booth I’d ever seen.

“Have you worked a till like this one before?”

“Well not exactly like this but I’m sure I’ll get the hang of it.”

She frowned for a moment before the smile returned to her face. “You’ll be fine. Now I’ve got to go. Anything you want to ask me?”

“Don’t think so. You get off or you’ll be late. I’ll see you this afternoon.”

Off she went, closing the door behind her. I yawned loudly, I wasn’t used to being up this early but I wasn’t going to turn down earning fifty for one day’s work. All I had to do was hand out ice cream and drinks, take the money and wait for Mrs Richards to come back from her niece’s wedding. Easy. Or so I thought.

I ate so much ice cream in the first hour I thought I was going to be sick. Wouldn’t you have done the same if it was free? But then as it ticked past ten the sun emerged from behind the clouds. Who’d have thought a retro fifties ice cream booth could get so hot? I was baking in there as the crowds of people plodded down from the car parks and made their way onto the beach in front of me.

I was set up on the promenade facing the sea and I had a steady stream of customers from the minute I began. As the morning went on I got hotter and hotter, cursing Mrs Richards for not mentioning what it was really like in here. No wonder nobody else had wanted to do it for her, it was like being in my own personal oven. At least she’d said I could help myself to drinks.

I downed another bottle of water as the queue began to stretch further along the promenade.

“I don’t want chocolate sprinkles,” one child whined to his mother. I smiled sympathetically but she just snapped back at me. “Get him another one and get it right this time you stupid girl.”

It had been a long time since I’d been called a girl but sadly that wasn’t the last time today. Although I’d been nineteen for a few weeks now, I must have looked much younger as the customers seemed to think they could speak to me as you would an unruly child. I swear I could count the number of pleases and thank yous on one hand.

I pulled off my blue top before grabbing another cone, hoping the vest underneath wasn’t as see through as my mother had hinted it was. It was either risk my nipples being visible or bake to death, not much of a choice.

A man stood at the window, leaning in and leering at my chest, not once looking me in the eye. “Two big ones,” he sniggered, nudging his friend next to him. I ignored their smutty whispers as I handed over their ice creams, deliberately leaning over the counter to watch their gawping expressions grow even more gormless.

I laughed to myself as they walked away, aware suddenly of someone watching me from the beach. It was a woman who’d clearly been surfing, squeezed into a wetsuit and shaking her hair as she meandered up the sands, never taking her eyes off me. I was sure I recognised her but I couldn’t think where from.

I tore the lid off another bottle and gulped it down before serving the next customer, sweat pouring down my cleavage and soaking into my vest, making it even more see through. I was glad I was in a skirt but I found myself staring at the sea more and more, just wanting to run and dive in to cool off for just a few minutes.

The woman from the beach had joined the back of the queue, I kept getting glances from her as I moved around, turning my back to dig deeper and deeper into the freezer at the far side of the booth, realising that if I had to reach in much further I’d end up flashing my panties to the never ending line of people waiting impatiently to be served.

To make matters worse, I was starting to need to pee. That was another thing Mrs Richards hadn’t mentioned. I was supposed to work from 9 until she got back which might be any time between 4 and 7. When I was supposed to take a break or go to the toilet? She hadn’t left me a key to lock the booth and I couldn’t really leave it open with all the money in the till whilst I ran off looking for the ladies.

The water I’d drunk so far was like a dripping tap inside me, continually trickling into my already overfilled bladder, making it bulge up against the waistband of my skirt as I kept handing out the ice creams, kept taking the abuse of the customers.

Another twenty minutes passed and my need to pee became increasingly urgent. I noticed too late the ogling guys from earlier as they appeared at the window holding water pistols. They shoved the waiting family to one side and pulled the triggers, squirting ice cold sea water directly at me. I jumped back in shock as the water soaked instantly into my vest, turning it completely see through in a moment.

“That’s what you get for being a prick tease,” one said, laughing loudly as I stood shuddering on the spot, fighting to keep my bladder under control as the cold water ran down me to the floor of the booth. I was too shocked to speak, how could they do that to me? As I stood frozen to the spot, they turned to run off, getting only a few feet before a surf board suddenly fell to the floor in front of them.

Unable to stop in time, they both tripped over it and skidded into the concrete of the promenade, making the entire queue wince at the sight of their skinned knees and hands. Red faced they climbed to their feet and limped away as the surf girl picked up her board. She winked at me as I mouthed my thanks. Was that…Sally?

“When you’ve finished flirting with the local boys, I’d like three sugar free lollies,” the woman by the window said as her eyes kept moving down to my transparent vest. I turned to get them from the freezer, almost falling into it as I felt my skirt rising up behind me, my bladder digging into me and threatening to overflow at any moment.

“Maybe get a pair of trousers,” the woman said as snatched the lollies from me, leaving me to tug my skirt lower and wish a hole in the ground would open up and swallow me before anything else could go wrong.

I was beginning to squirm on the spot with desperation, trying to mask my movements by shifting round the booth as I reached for things, never staying still for a moment. At last the surf girl reached the front and that was when I realised where I knew her from. It was her!

“Sally!” I cried. “It’s been too long!”

“Hi,” she grinned back. “Fancy seeing you here. What are you doing trapped in there?”

“Oh it’s a long story but it’s only for today. Your hair’s different. Anyway what can I get you?”

“How about I have you again?”

I blushed furiously, wondering if the people behind her had heard. Back when I turned eighteen, Sally and me had gotten ridiculously drunk at my party and ended up spending the night together, getting up to things I’d never dreamt of doing before. We’d laughed about it afterwards but as Sally had gone off to university and I hadn’t, I wasn’t expecting to see her for some time. But here she was, large as life and looking stunning in her wetsuit, showing off all her curves.

“Come in if you like and we’ll catch up while I work.”

“Sounds good to me.”

I flicked the latch on the side door and she squeezed in next to me, sitting on the low shelf by my feet and peering up at me. “How’s uni?” I asked.

“Who me?” The man at the counter looked confused and I realised that from where she was sat, Sally was invisible to the people outside. I served the man as Sally sat talking about her tutors, her housemates, life in the big city.

As she talked I was still squirming on the spot, the forgotten desire to pee reasserting itself. I nearly jumped out of my skin when I felt Sally’s hand on my leg, stroking gently. “What are you doing?"

“Feeling your leg,” she smiled back at me. “It feels nice.”

“Stop it,” I said, trying to bat her hand away. “I’m bursting for a pee.”

“I can help with that,” she said, grabbing an empty bottle and raising her eyebrows. “Remember your birthday party?”

I blushed again, mortified at the memory of what we’d done. I could hardly think about it without feeling excruciating embarrassment. And yet here was Sally waving another bottle at me as if we were alone in my bedroom again, not on the seafront with dozens of people nearby.

“I can’t!” I said, feeling a drip of pee leak out of me and into my panties. I began rubbing my knees together, doing a peedance of agony as I watched the woman in front of me drinking from the bottle of water I’d just sold her, a line of clear liquid running down her chin and dripping onto the counter.

Hope you liked chapter one. You can read the rest here

If you're desperate!

