Desperation for a pee during plane flight - part 2

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2018-03-09 18:17

"When the time was up, someone has come in front of me. It was the stewardess (female steward) and asked Me:

Her: Sir, why did you get up? Please, come back to your seat.

Me: Miss, I have to pee really bad. I promise i will come back really quick and stay in my seat with the seatbelts on. Can i go?"

Her: No sir. you have to stay on your seat till the turbulence is gone and the seatbelts sign is off!

Me: I have to use the bathroom first!

Her: NO! Sit down!

After this, I was feeling like that i was still at school and the stewardess is like a teacher. I had no choice so i sat down like I was told. But i also noticed that the stewardess was sitting next to Me:

Me: What are you doing?

Her: I want to make sure if you want to get up so I will keep an eye on you!

I can't believe what i've just heard. I was suffering in my seat but in same time i felt aroused by being denied to go pee. But it was too risky for me to wet myself in public, even near the stewardess. I was really bursting, i couldn't take this torture anymore. I was leaning forwards and squeezing my penis very tightly to avoid the wetness. I put my hands in my thighs and stayed upright with my back against the chair. Then i rubbed my legs and tapped them but it wasn't very good. My urge had icreased much more after 10 minutes. I stayed with my legs unspreaded and holding my crotch with my hands and then i noticed the stewardess looking at me for one second and quickly she turned around.

For the next 30 minutes, i repositioned my body so many times, i put my right leg over the left one and i keep repositioning my body as long as i feel uncomfortable. That was like a torture mixed with pleasure since i like being desperate and being denied to relieve myself but i don't like the wetting part when I'm in public. I do it if i'm alone. I can feel the turbulence so it makes pee more because it puts more pressure in my bladder. I trembled my right leg like crazy i couldn't hold it any longer. I tried one more time to ask Her:

Her: I told you to sit down!

Me: Please i really really have to pee. I can't hold it anymore. I will pee my pants.

Her: The seatbelts sign is still on so you're still not going anywhere.

Me: But is really an emergency!

Her: Go back to your seat!

OK! I still had no choice but just suffering here and wait for the plane to land at destination cause the sign won't turn off till plane lands. I moaned everytime when i trembled my legs like crazy and keep holding my crotch and I keep doing the next things in a order for 30 m until something happened(stay tune):1.rubbing my legs 2.tapping them 3.squeezing my penis 4.putting my hands in my crotch 5.repositioning my body until i saw her(stewardess) giggling and i ask her why is she laughing:

Her: you're so funny and cute when you have to pee.

Me: what?(confused)

Her: looks like someone is gonna pee themselves.

Her: are you ticklish?

Me: no, i'm not!

Her: I bet you are.

END OF PART 2. NEXT PART COMING SOON

