Pokémon and Mixels one shots - Page 3

Author: Lugia

*050*2015-03-08 16:27

Good job.

*053*2015-03-10 04:06

{{: 

I'm going to start a multi-part fanfic w Mikey's team. It'll either be 2 or 3 parts I'm not entirely sure yet.

}}

Okay. but I consider them to be my characters

*056*2015-03-10 21:01

{{: 

Ok they are

I can't do that without lugia's permission. Lugia?

}}

Eh go ahead

*058*2015-03-11 05:08

{{: 

Hey :3! Feel free -- the world needs way more stories like this. Love your stuff Lugia, please don't stop!

}}

I'm going to be honest right now: I had no idea that I'm as popular as I am here.

*060*2015-03-11 17:13

{{: 

Lol.

Btw what should I call the thread?

That is a fact

}}

I have no idea what you should call it.

*062*2015-03-13 07:57

{{: 

Ok. But first, I just need to make sure I've got this straight. I'll create the new thread and that's where me and you will post the fanfics about Mikey's team over there instead of here. Then this'll go back to being one shots

}}

If that's the way you want it. But just so you know I might do something bigger with them someday.

*064*2015-03-13 16:14

{{: 

Ok. I kind of thought of a idea to have a pokemon story of my own

}}

Ok. I'm thinking about whether or not to do that big story.

*065*2015-03-17 08:21

I just want to let you guys know that I am still working on the stories. There have just been other things I'm focusing on.

*067*2015-03-22 06:35

{{: 

Another one-

How about a vulpix at a giant public picnic with her other eevee evolutions that drinks too much (because it's a picnic) and gets desperate. But she dosent want to be rude and leave. When she realizes it's urgent she looks for one, but she can't find one. After a while she finds one, but is too desperate and wets herself on the way there

}}

Hope you're ready for this.

Hi I'm Vulpix and this my story.

Me and my friends, Sylveon, Espeon, Glaceon, and vaporeon were at a picnic the town was holding. I have a sensitive bladder so I went to the bathroom before I left to avoid any incidents.

They had some good punch so I decided to have a cup. But one turned into two and two turned into three and eventually I ended drinking a total of ten cups. I didn't think anything of it at the time but I soon learned how big of a mistake I had made.

About five minutes after that I was sitting with my friends talking when I started pressure on my bladder as all that punch caught up to me. I needed to pee bad but Sylveon was in the middle of a story and I didn't want to be rude and leave, so I decided to wait until after she finished.

Fifteen minutes later Sylveon had finished her story but Glaceon started telling her own and I still didn't want to be rude. At this point I had my legs pushed together in a way that no one would noticed. I hoped that I would be able to hold it in long enough, but just then a few drops leaked out and I knew then that waiting was a bad idea. I told the others I needed to take care of something then ran off before any of them could respond.

I had my legs crossed tight as I frantically searched for a bathroom. Unfortunately I didn't know much about this park and had never been there before so I had no idea where to look. I was regretting having all that punch.

Fifteen minutes passed as I continued to search and during that time I became more desperate as my bladder continued to fill with liquid. I let out a moan as a wave of desperation passed through my bladder.

Another fifteen minutes later I still hadn't found a bathroom and my bladder was almost completely full. My legs were crossed tighter than they were before and my was jammed between them. I had to bend every time I felt a wave of desperation so that I could stay in control. I prayed to Arceus that I would find a bathroom in time.

After a total of 45 minutes passed my bladder was completely full and I was at my limit. I was about to just give up and squat down and pee right where I was standing when I finally saw a bathroom not far from me. I started running towards it but as soon as I did a short stream of urine escaped. I had to running to regain control.

I knew then that I wouldn't be able to run without wetting myself so I took baby steps. When I was about five feet from the door a huge wave of desperation forced me to stop and despite my efforts to hold it in the floodgates opened.

Pee poured out of me like a waterfall as my bladder emptied itself. The warm yellow liquid ran down my legs before creating a puddle around my feet. My fur was being soaked with urine as it escaped from my swollen bladder. Despite how bad the situation was I couldn't stop myself from letting out a sigh of relief as the aching pressure on my bladder dissapeared.

My bladder continued to empty itself for one and a half minutes before the flow died down into a trickle and then stopped. As soon as my bladder finished emptying itself I ran towards home crying, too embarrassed to let anyone see me.

*069*2015-03-24 07:41

{{: 

I have 2, which if you want you can combine into a joint singular wetting

The first is

- George the Gallade (forgive my naming creativity)

- Training against Gemma the Gardevoir

- He believes he'll have no problem holding but as the battle progresses it becomes to much.

- he goes in for an attack to end the battle but ends up stumbling Gemma catches him, but he's already relieving himself. Gemma comforts him.

Now the second one.

- Gemma the Gardivor

- Training against George the Gallade

- She already had to go pretty bad before training began but she didn't want to embarrass herself.

- She takes a hit from George and hits the floor when she does her dam breaks. George apologises and comforts her.

If you wanted to do a joint one with the both of them then chose which pov you want to write about then just incorporate parts of the others story into it. But you don't have to do a joint one but it was just a suggestion.

Also sorry for asking so much of you. ;)

}}

It's fine, don't worry about it. I'll think over the three options before anything else. But I'm going to work previously requested stories first.

*071*2015-04-19 20:45

Sorry it took so long to get to this. But you know I got caught up in other stuff and I just kept putting it off.

My name is Lopunny and one day I ended up in a situation I never thought I'd be in.

I was at a soccer game in the park when it happened. It was a hot day and it didn't take long for me to get thirsty. As soon as I got the chance I bought a large soda from the concession stand. It didn't take me long to finish it so I bought another. As soon I finished the second one I felt a small twinge in my bladder but ignored. I kept buying sodas and after having my sixth one I was no longer thirsty so I returned to my seat as the game started again.

After about ten minutes I felt a strong jolt in my bladder that told me that all the soda I drank had caught up to me.

"Oh...... I have to pee but don't want to leave and miss anything. I'll just wait until the next break. I'm sure long"

At first my need wasn't that bad and it wasn't difficult to hold it. But as time passed I became more desperate and it became harder to hold it in.

About five minutes after the first jolt I started fidgeting a bit but did my best to keep my mind off it. But it was hard to ignore the increasing pressure on my bladder as it continued to fill up.

After fifteen minutes I was squirming around in my seat and I wasn't able to ignore the pressure in my bladder. I just hoped the game would enter break soon.

After twenty minutes I had my legs pressed together from desperation. I wanted to jam my hands against myself but I was already embarrassed by the situation and I didn't want to make it worse. Finally the game entered break.

"Oh thank Arceus! I thought the game would never enter break!" I then ran off to find a bathroom.

I searched everywhere I could for a bathroom but I couldn't find one.

After fifteen minutes of searching my bladder was full and I had my legs crossed as tight as possible with my hands jammed between them. I had to stop and bend over every every time I felt jolt in my bladder.

Five minutes later I ended up back where I started.

"Oh Arceus. Why can't I find a bathroom?"

I was at my absolute limit and I didn't know how much longer I could hold it. I felt a sudden jolt in my bladder and even though I managed to stay in control several drops leaked out.

"Ohhhhh. I can't wait any longer! I have to go right now!"

I knew that the floodgates could open at any moment so I quickly looked around for someplace where I could relieve myself. It was an open area and there wasn't anything for me to hide behind. I was about to give up and go right where I was standing even if someone saw me when I noticed the bleachers.

The sides of the bleachers were made of crisscrossing pipes but the back was a wall of metal and it was open underneath. I probably wouldn't be seen if I went under there. There were other Pokémon already sitting on them but they were at the top so they probably wouldn't notice me.

I walked over to the bleachers taking baby steps to make sure I stayed in control. I made sure no one was around then carefully climbed through the side of the bleachers to the area underneath. Once I was underneath I made my way to a spot where I was sure no one would notice me.

Once I reached the spot I squated down, removed my hands from their position, and peed. I felt a huge amount of relief as the stream of urine jetted out of me and onto the ground below. I could feel the aching pressure on my bladder disappear as it was being emptied of all the liquid it was holding. It felt so good to finally let all of my pee exit my body after holding it in for so long.

I continued peeing for what must have been two minutes before the stream slowed down into a trickle and then stopped. Once I was finished emptying my bladder I stood up, got out from under the bleachers, and went back to my seat. I was so glad that I didn't have to suffer from a full bladder anymore.

