Adventures in townsville-PPG story

Author: omofan77

*000*2015-07-21 03:59

The city of Townsville was under an attack by a water monster. The Powerpuff Girls were coloring in their room. Bubbles was admiring her pitcure of a waterfall under a rainbow and smiling sun. She focused on the waterfall and felt a slight need to pee. Bubbles made to go to the bathroom, then Blossom announced the arrival of a monster and ordered the girls to fly out, giving Bubbles no chance to use the bathroom. "I can make it," said Bubbles to herself.

The girls arrived at the scene. "A water monster," said Buttercup. "What a shame. I wish I could just hit it like any other monster."

"There's more than one way to win fights," said Blossom. "After all, brains are just as important as fighting." They watched the monster more closely. Bubbles could feel her desperation getting stronger as she watched water splash all over, unable to imagine anything else but those splashes being her pee. She could feel drops hitting her underwear. Bubbles got control of herself, but the feeling in her bladder was now too much. She raised her hand as Blossom explained the plan.

"Yes, Bubbles?"

"I have to tinkle," said Bubbles. "Baby," said Buttercup. "Now, Buttercup, be nice to your sister," said Blossom. "Well, do what you must. Go find someplace to relieve yourself. Buttercup and I can handle this."

"I'm afraid to go by myself," said Bubbles. Blossom turned to Buttercup. "Buttercup, go with your sister."

"Why do I have to go," asked Buttercup. "You can't fight this monster," said Blossom. "I think the only way to stop it is with my ice powers. So while I do that, you can make yourself useful and help out your sister!" Buttercup flew off with Bubbles, muttering angrily. They soon arrived at a forest. Bubbles enjoyed the scenery and took her time choosing a tree.

Buttercup watched her squatting and repeated, "Baby." Bubbles gave her an annoyed look. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"Only babies would whiz in a place like this and in a position like that." Bubbles rounded on her. "I'm not a baby!"

"Then prove it," said Buttercup. "How?" asked Bubbles. "Take a leak standing and off a rooftop," said Buttercup. "If you got the guts to do it." Bubbles considered it. She had to pee so much, but really wanted to make Buttercup eat her words. Bubbles stood and hiked up her pants. "You're on!" Buttercup smiled. "Seeing cute little Bubbles whiz off a building might make up for me missing a chance to fight a monster."

They soon arrived at the top of a building. On the edge, Bubbles had second thoughts. "What if I sprinkle on someone."

"I knew it," said Buttercup. "Go whiz on your tree. I am going to have my own fun." Buttercup dropped her pants and underwear, pulled her folds and let out a decent stream. The sight and sound of it was too much for Bubbles. "I can't take it anymore! Watch this, Buttercup." Bubbles held her legs together as she pulled down her pants and underwear. "Ooh, ooh, ooh." She panted as she pulled on her folds. At last, Bubbles let out one of the largest yellow streams she had ever made. She learned back, loudly sighing in relief. "Ahhhh." She focused on her peeing, letting it arch over the edge and fall to the ground, along with Buttercup's stream and giggled.

Blossom, meanwhile, continued to fight the water monster, once getting a large mouthful of water thrown at her. At last, Blossom covered it in ice, lifted it, and cast it back to its island. "Now to check on those two," said Blossom. "I hope Buttercup isn't giving Bubbles a hard time." She flew off. Along the way, she watched a hose water a garden and saw a fountain pouring water into a basin. Blossom could feel the effects of drinking so much water from the monster. "If those two haven't found a place to urinate yet, I might join them." At last, she saw Bubbles and Buttercup peeing off the rooftop. Blossom wasn't sure about peeing like that, but then figured, "When in Rome," and landed next to Buttercup, Bubbles too focused on her relief to notice Blossom as she asked, "Room for one more?"

As Bubbles finished, she was surprised to see Blossom peeing just like them, her own stream going over the edge as well. The girls looked at each other. "When you have to go, you have to go," said Blossom, as she finished as well. "Man, you missed it," said Buttercup to Blossom. "Bubbles whizzed way more than me and was standing. I didn't know she had it in her." Blossom smiled. "Well, why don't you tell her that yourself and apologize for being mean to her?" Buttercup started to speak when Bubbles hugged her, saying there was no need. Buttercup hugged her for a moment, then flew off. "Ok, that's enough."

The next day, the girls flew out to a fire. "The nearest source of water is too far away," said Blossom. "I think ice powers would be the easiest." Then she and Buttercup noticed Bubbles was missing. They were surprised to find her on the ground peeing, the stream hitting the fire. "That gives me an idea," said Buttercup, joining Bubbles. Buttercup called out to Blossom. "Looks like you won't get all the credit today." The streams were putting out the fire. Blossom built on that idea. "I can help too. You two urinate around the base of the fire and I'll rain on it from above." As Bubbles and Buttercup peed around the fire, Blossom, half naked, flew over the fire, raining down her pee on the rest. In short order, the fire was put out.

Some time later, the girls fought another monster. Buttercup had needed to pee, but was confident she could hold it until they defeated the monster. However, the monster was tougher than they thought and Buttercup was having a hard time not thinking about her potty emergency. "I can't take this anymore! I have to whiz right now!" To the others surprise, Buttercup dropped her pants and underwear and shot out a powerful jet of pee that hit the monster. Buttercup sighed in relief.

"Man, that's better." Blossom noticed the monster's distraction. "That's what we can do! Bubbles, you and me will do the same. Buttercup, get on the ground and it's distracted enough, you deliever the final blow." The plan was carried out. Blossom led Bubbles in complex mid air patterns formed from their streams. The monster was caught up in the patterens and the splashes. Blossom called out. "Now, Buttercup!" Buttercup gave one hard punch and the monster was thrown from the city and sent back to the monsters' island.

Not long later, Blossom was speaking to the girls. "We have had to relieve ourselves a few times in the city. There's nothing wrong with that and it has helped, but I think we should have certain spots in mind for the future." She led the girls around town and each picked out a favorite spot. Naturally, Bubbles chose a forested area with cute animals. Blossom had chosen a storm drain. "It washes away everything and no know would notice anything." Buttercup was a little more daring, peeing into the sea from the air. Satisified they were prepared for the future, the girls spent the afternoon at the park.

After a picnic, Bubbles stood up. "I'm going to tinkle. Anyone need to sprinkle too? Hey, that rhymes! Tinkle, sprinkle, tinkle, sprinkle." The others decided to accompy her. As they passed a lake, Bubbles stopped, then seeming to get an idea, took off her clothes, and jumped in the lake. "Look, I'm making bubbles!" Blossom and Buttercup giggled as they watched the water bubble around Bubbles. Then Buttercup saw a field of buttercups. "In that case, I, Buttercup will whiz on these buttercups."

"Since I'm naked, it's only fair for you to take your clothes off as well," said Bubbles. "Of course, if you're scared, you don't have to."

"I'm not scared of anything," said Buttercup. "You're on."

Buttercup threw off all her clothes and peed on the buttercups then held a buttercup to her vagina. "You must like butter, Buttercup," said Bubbles. "That's just a reflection. It's just a myth," said Blossom. "Well, anyway, it's your turn," said Bubbles. Blossom laughed. "Well, I won't let you two outdo me." She put aside her clothes and peed on a tree with apple blossoms. A little later, Bubbles invited the others to try peeing in the water with her, explaining how warm and nice it feels and how much fun it is making bubbles in the water. They agreed and went back to the lake, enjoying their pee filled afternoon. So once again, the day is saved thanks to the Powerpuff Girls.

