That's what friends are for

Author: SummerDress

*000*2015-08-10 20:33

I have been a long time visiter to this website but this will be my first post.

This story uses characters and locations from Telltale Game's The Walking Dead Season 2 and is inspired by a post from dovahkingal101 but uses nothing from that piece besides the base concept.

As this is my first post I hope for honest feedback and opinions. Any tips or pointers are appreciated. No need to be shy.

Apologies for any misspelled words or grammatical mistakes that I may have missed.

Enjoy.

"Sarah, Clementine you two stay safe, we shouldn't be gone more than two days. And Clementine, look after Sarah while we're gone." Carlos added to her in private. The group set out before sunrise, beginning their trek through the early winter snow and leaving the two girls alone in the cabin.

The old pipes beneath the structure had burst due to the falling temperatures, rendering the cabin's toilets clogged up and unusable. The group had been forced to start using the nearby woods to find their relief. This had been especially difficult due to the icy conditions and Rebecca's advanced state of pregnancy. One advantage of the cold, however was the sharp decrease in walker activity, which enabled the trips to nature's bathroom to be relatively safe, however inconvenient.

But with the winter only growing colder, the group decided that it'd be best to attempt to repair the pipes sooner rather than later.

Luke seemed to recall an old plumber's shop in a town not too far away and the entire group were placing their trust and the future of their bathroom escapades in his memory. Everybody besides Clem and Sarah had set out on the expedition. Even Rebecca and Alvin who were in the hopes of finding baby supplies in the town.

Despite her constant protests, Clem was forced to stay behind and "hold down the fort" and to supervise the teenager who was constantly babied by her father.

While Clementine held a certain fondness for the older girl and would count her as a friend, she did serve as an annoyance more often than she would like.

Although she was older than her by a few years, the way she acted you never could've guessed that was the case.

This was mostly due to Carlos' overprotecting nature and his constant need to shelter Sarah from the horrors of the world.

Even though Clem believed this to be only making Sarah weaker, she didn't say anything to Carlos as no other member of the group seemed to have done so and as the newest member, she felt it wasn't her place to question how things were run.

The group had been gone about two or three hours and Clem and Sarah were sat together in the lounge, redoing a jigsaw puzzle that they had already solved over 20 times previously, when Clem first spotted Sarah shift her weight awkwardly where she sat.

Clem hoped it wasn't what she thought it was. While Sarah is generally very easy to look after and entertain, she had the downside of being excessively shy about certain subjects.

For instance, even though they had shared a room and a bed for several weeks now, Sarah still insisted that Clem leave the room whenever she changed her clothes, and while Clementine simply slept in a top and underwear, Sarah continuously wore full pyjamas to bed, complete with an ankle length dressing gown should she need to walk about.

But most of all Sarah was excessively shy about her bathroom needs. When the plumbing still worked it wasn't too bad, She would just sneak off to the bathroom whenever she thought that no one was looking, but ever since the woods had become the new toilet, things had become far more difficult for her.

While every other member of the group had adapted to the new arrangement quite well, especially Clem who had been using nature for her relief for many months before, Sarah, however took to the change quite poorly.

She flat out refused to use the woods unless her father escorted her out and back, and even then she would commonly wait until she was close to her limit before going.

What baffled Clem was that someone who was so shy about her bladder before hand, would unashamedly potty dance in desperation rather than simply pop outside to relieve herself.

Clem had seen more of Sarah's desperate dances than the others and recognised the signs of her oncoming need immediately, what she was both curious and worried about however was how Sarah would deal with her need without her father around to escort her.

For the moment, Clem decided not to say anything and to just wait and see if she would do anything of her own accord.

They continued on with the jigsaw, Sarah's shuffling steadily became squirming as the time went on. Clem kept her eye on her movements and could tell her need was rising quickly. Sarah would sit up, wiggle her butt a bit against the sofa and cross her legs, then repeat that same action every few minutes.

When Clem was placing the last piece of the puzzle into place, Sarah let out a slight moan of desperation.

"Everything okay?", Clem asked.

"Yep...all good", murmured Sarah through blushing cheeks.

Clem, thought that this had gone on long enough, if she was in Sarah's position she would've gone long before.

"Need to pee?", she asked calmly.

This seemed to fluster Sarah and only make her need worse.

"What? N-no, I don't, I'm f-fine" she stammered embarrassingly. Her hand lingered on her stomach, Clem could tell that she wanted to hold her crotch but was still to shy to do so.

"Of course you do", Clem replied, slightly annoyed, "Just look at you, you're practically holding yourself".

"N-no I'm not" Sarah said as she quickly moved her hands to her side, but crossed her legs tighter. "I don't know w-what you're t-talking about".

"Yes you do", Clem retorted, "and your dad's not around to take you this time".

Sarah moaned again and squirmed were she sat. Talking about it seemed to make her need worse.

"I-I'm fine, don't worry about me".

Clem realised that this technique wasn't going to get Sarah outside. She'd need to change her tactics.

"Come on Sarah, I've got to go too". It wasn't a lie, Clem did feel a slight need but could've held it for far longer if needed. "Just come on out with me, it won't take more than five minutes".

"N-no, I c-can hold it", Sarah replied, her hands hovering by her crotch again.

Clem was loosing her patience. "Look, Sarah. You're dad said they'd be gone two days or more, there's no way you can hold it that long, I certainly couldn't. So come outside to pee with me now or you'll just have to do it in your pants!"

Sarah looked at her as if she'd been slapped, the formation of tears visible behind her glasses. Clem wondered if perhaps she'd been too harsh, but then Sarah simply said "O-Okay, I'll go with you", and stood up.

Clem was relieved that she hadn't hurt her and smiled at the older girl.

"It won't be that bad you'll see", she said to reassure her.

Sarah only grunted in reply and they headed over to the cabin door.

Once outside the cold made Clem's bladder shudder and her need increased sharply. She looked over to Sarah and guessed that she had the same reaction as she had finally placed her hands in her crotch.

"Let's make this quick" said Clem

Sarah nodded quickly and the two girls started out towards the tree line. Clem walking steadily and Sarah hobbling slightly behind.

"Right, you know the drill", Clem stated once they were under the canopy of trees. Once again Sarah simply nodded.

Christa had shown Clem how to relieve herself in the wild early on and she had become an old hand at it. She undid the button on the front of her pants and shimmied them down her legs. Standing there in her blue underwear with her pants around her ankles she looked over to Sarah to find her starting to head back to the cabin.

"Sarah! What are you doing!?"

"I can't do it, I'm sorry", Sarah called back.

"Sarah, come back her right now!" Clem said forcibly.

While she didn't turn back, Sarah stopped hobbling away. She bent her knees and bounced up and down slightly.

"I'm s-sorry, Clemy, oh g-god, I-I'm so sorry".

This confused Clem, she didn't think that she'd been that harsh, but then she saw what was wrong.

A dark patch was slowly growing out from Sarah's crotch. A line was traveling upwards through her butt crack and two other trails travelled out horizontally, underlining her cheeks.

Clem stood dumb struck watching the older girl wet herself until she felt a warmness in her own crotch, seeing Sarah's accident had caused her to leak slightly and in a panic she yanked down her damp underwear, squatted down and began peeing into the snow.

She looked up from where she squatted and seen that Sarah was still peeing herself. Two fat trails had snaked their way down the back of both her thighs, breaking off at her bent knees, dripping off and streaming down into the snow below, creating a bright yellow puddle by her feet.

Clem's urine stream slowed down and stopped before Sarah's who continued going in her pants for another 10 seconds or so.

From where she was squatted Clem had an excellent view of the accident but couldn't see Sarah's face. She could, however, her the sobs that the wet girl was uttering.

Clem checked her panties, they were only slightly wet at the crotch so she decided to keep them on and pulled them up, without bothering to wipe. She buttoned her pants and headed over to her distraught friend.

She was careful to step over the yellow snow and gingerly placed an arm around Sarah's shoulders.

Normally weakness such as that would have angered Clem, but it was clear that Sarah had taken her wetting very badly.

"Hey, it's okay, come on, let's get you in out of the cold".

Sarah didn't say anything, just continued to sob, but allowed Clem to guide her back towards the cabin.

Once inside, Sarah threw her arms around Clem's neck, buried her head in her shoulder and began crying loudly. After an initial shock, Clem responded and placed her arms around the older girl, being carful to avoid her wet legs.

"There, there, it's okay, there's no need to cry".

"Y-yes, there is,", Sarah chocked out between sobs, "My dad's gonna k-kill me".

"Hey, no he won't, it's just an accident" Clem said in an effort to comfort her friend".

"It's not just an a-accident, it's me being a b-baby and pathetic, I know you'd never have one, you're s-so strong".

Clementine blushed as memories came flooding back to her.

"Well......that's not...entirely true". She said, now her turn to be embarrassed.

"What!?" Sarah gasped, looking up from Clem's shoulder, "You've had an accident?....I don't believe it." Sarah said, seemingly forgetting about her wet pants.

"Well you better believe it, cause it's true, I wasn't always as strong a you think I am" Clem replied, embarrassed that the topic had turned to her.

"Oh you have to tell me about it" Said Sarah excitedly, her embarrassment and sadness having passed her by.

"Well.....I dunno"

Sarah looked at her with puppy dog eyes. While Clem didn't want to tell the story but it was clear that it was cheering Sarah up.

"Fine", Clem sighed, "but you have to promise not to tell anyone".

Sarah held out her hand with her little finger extended, "I pinky promise" she said with a smile.

Clem couldn't help but to smile too as she locked fingers with her friend.

"Well.....okay...where to start? It happened right at the beginning of this whole mess, y'know with the walkers and everything. This guy called Lee was looking after me and I was still hoping to find my parents. Anyway, we were heading to this place called Macon where Lee's family lived. We travelled there in a pickup truck with this nice family. We had been on the road for hours and I hadn't gotten to use the bathroom at all that day. I didn't say anything cause I figured I'd find somewhere to pee when we got there."

Sarah was listening intently to every word Clem was saying. However embarrassing the story was she knew she'd have to continue.

"Not to go into too much details but we were attacked by a group of walkers when we arrived and had to hide in a pharmacy with another group of people.

When we got in everybody started shouting and arguing, I didn't know what about, cause I had to pee so badly.

I told Lee but he just asked me to wait, so I started looking for a bathroom myself.

I found one at the back of the store but the door wouldn't open. I tried asking Lee for help again but he just said it was locked and to look for a key.

I found the key under the counter and went to open the door and when I did...... A walker jumped out at me and it frightened me so badly that I started to..." Clem blushed brightly, " I started to pee in my leggings.

I could feel it coming out but I couldn't stop it. The walker had grabbed onto me but all I could think about was the warm liquid running down my legs.

I must've screamed or something cause the next thing I knew Lee pulled me away from the walker and one of the other members of the group shot it.

Even with the walker off me I still couldn't stop peeing and I ended up finishing the whole thing in my pants.

My underwear were completely soaked and my leggings were sticking to my skin uncomfortably.

I looked up at Lee and expected him to say something to me, but he didn't even seem to notice, at least he didn't say anything about it.

So.....I didn't say anything either and I ended up staying in my wet clothes for the rest of that night. Even when they dried they still weren't that comfortable and I was glad to change them when I got the chance to.

Well....erm....that's it, I suppose" finished Clementine rubbing the back of her head in embarrassment.

"Wow" Sarah gasped launching at Clem with a tight hug. "Thank you for telling me that, it made me feel sooo much better" Sarah said through a large grin.

"Yeah...well...you're welcome?".

"I can't believe you stayed in those wet clothes all day!" Said Sarah, breaking away from the hug.

"Speaking of which" Clementine motioned towards Sarah's still wet pants. "You should probably get yourself cleaned up".

"Oh yeah" Sarah giggled "I forgot about that. Wait! What about my dad?".

"Don't worry, he doesn't need to know" responded Clem with a wink.

"Wow, really?" Sarah latched onto Clem in another hug. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!"

Clem simply shrugged, "That's what friends are for".

