Blanket

Author: Pain

*000*2015-08-27 08:24

Clara had never let anyone know how much she liked seeing or hearing about men desperate to pee. She liked it so much that she would spend hours on the internet, searching for male desperation pictures and videos. Although these momentary bits of pleasure provided her with some satisfaction, what she actually wanted was to see a guy holding his crotch and crossing his legs while desperately trying not to wet himself.

Clara had recently welcomed Alex in her home. He was her friend Bridgette’s only son, who had freshly taken admission to the city college.

Since Clara was divorced now and had no kids of her own, she decided it wouldn’t be a bad idea to let Alex stay in her place, of course until he decides to move out.

They both would often visit his parents’ who lived in a nearby village. Bridgette and her husband would seldom pay a visit at Clara’s place too but usually, it was the other way round.

It was another of those days when Alex and Clara had been to his place and were waiting at the station for their train to come, so they could go back home. His parents had also come to see them off at the railway station and Bridgette was getting a bit too melodramatic watching Alex go, although she would see her son again next weekend.

Soon the train arrived and they both climbed in. Alex waved his mom and dad goodbye for another week as the train began to drag along the station platform.

The compartment was only half full, so, they both decided to take the seats at the back, where no one would be seated around them. Alex took the window seat and Clara sat next to him. She popped in her earphones and turned on some light music on her iPod. It was a six hour long journey and Clara had decided to take every opportunity she could have to kick back and relax. She had been working till late for the past few days and hadn’t had the chance to catch up on her sleep.

The air conditioners in the train had made the compartment quite chilly, so she pulled out a neatly folded thin blanket from her bag and wrapped it around herself, covering her hands and upper body. She always carried this blanket around, just in case she ever felt cold.

Soon enough, with the motion of the train, she dozed off listening to the melodious rhythms from the treasure of songs on her playlist.

Clara woke up, rubbed her eyes and checked her watch, it had been an hour since they boarded the train. She saw that Alex was busy reading a book, some kind of novel.

A few minutes later, Clara noticed that Alex was fidgeting a little, moving his legs around, first straightening them, then tucking them back under the seat while continuing to read his book.

Maybe he needed to pee. But the train didn’t have any toilet facilities for the passengers to use and since it was an express, there was no chance of getting off at a station to use the loos either. Clara herself had been thoughtful enough to drink as less as she could before the journey but it looked like Alex hadn’t taken the same precaution.

“Are you alright?” she asked.

“Yeah..” Alex smiled, “What made you ask?”

“Nothing, you look uncomfortable..”

“Oh no, I am fine, thanks for asking..” he nodded.

“Okay.”

Clara pulled her blanket tighter around herself and closed her eyes, trying to go back to sleep.

When she woke up she looked immediately at Alex, he was also asleep with his open book resting pages down on his lap.

She reached for her bag and retrieved the can of soda she had brought for herself at the station. She popped it open and emptied it in a few sips. She then placed the empty can back into her bag.

A while passed as she sat looking out of the window. Minutes after they crossed one of the prominent stations on their route, Alex stirred awake from his slumber. Immediately, he placed one hand on his lower abdomen and gently rubbed, as he did so, he winced and looked outside the window.

“Where are we?” he asked.

“Oh, we are almost half way there. A little more than three hours to go,” Clara said, “Do you want something to eat?”

“No..” Alex said shuddering a little.

Clara noticed this and offered him the blanket that she was using, hoping it would protect the boy from getting cold.

“Still feeling cold?” she asked.

“No,” Alex answered in a low voice. Although Alex made it look like the blanket was helping, the actual reason of his shivers was his rapidly filling bladder and the chilly winds from the A/c were only adding to his problem.

He had totally forgotten about the fact that the train they would be boarding to go back home didn’t have any lavatories. It was only when he got on the train that he realized how big a mistake he had made by drinking so much.

He knew he was already holding a lot of urine and he could still feel all the water and coffee he had drunk, streaming into his bladder. He felt worried about having to hold it till they boarded off the train. A considerable part of the journey was still left and he dreaded the idea of waiting so long.

He looked at Clara who was busy on her phone. He could never let her know about how badly he needed to go, that would be so embarrassing. Maybe, he thought, if he slept all the way to their station, he wouldn’t think about the building pressure the whole time.

He turned himself towards the window, his back now facing Clara, tugged the blanket around himself and closed his eyes.

An hour later, Alex woke up. It took him a second to get a grasp of where he was but he was soon overcome by a much more serious need.

He had to pee, very urgently. Pressing his legs together he turned back around to face Clara.

“Where are we now?” he asked her, unable to identify their location by looking out of the window.

“Oh, we’re close, by my estimate, we’ll be there in two hours,” she said.

The boy’s eyes widened when he heard this. That was a lot of time and he wasn’t sure if he could hold it that long.

“Err.. if I am not wrong, we can catch another train from the next station for our place, can’t we?” he asked, swallowing the lump in his throat.

“Yes, but why do you ask?” Clara looked at him.

“Umm, I was hoping to get some snacks from the station canteen you know, I am starving..” he said, pulling the waistband of his jeans away from his swollen bladder.

“Oh, is that it? I have a bag of chips with me,” she said as she quickly pulled it out of her carry bag, “I am sorry, I only have the plain-salted flavor.”

“N-No problem, thanks,” Alex said, taking the packet from Clara. He reluctantly tore the pack open and had a few chips before placing the placket on his lap and looking dejectedly out of the window, bouncing his knees rapidly.

Clara noticed this and also that he wasn’t eating anymore, although he had said that he was starving. That’s when it hit her, Alex needed a wee, the signs were so obvious.

She fought a battle in her mind, thinking of whether she should ask him about it or not, but then decided to not run the risk of embarrassing the boy any further by talking about it.

She went back to what she was doing on her phone, leaving Alex to his business.

Under the blanket, Alex once again had placed a hand on his abdomen and was gently rubbing in a circular motion. He slightly rocked back and forth for a while before placing one hand side on between his knees. He checked the time with the other hand as he began to bounce his knees again before placing a hand between his knees also and squeezing his thighs together.

His lower jaw was shuddering continuously and he looked a bit panicked.

“Still feeling cold?” Clara asked.

“N-No, but I really have to use the loos.”

“Oh, I am sorry but I guess you’ll have to wait till we reach our stop then, there are no loos on board you know,” Clara said, pretending as if she didn’t know about it.

“Hmm..” Alex sighed.

Clara couldn’t help but feel turned on by his desperation now. She had always wanted to witness something like this but never in her wildest dreams had she thought of Alex in this situation. She knew it might be embarrassing for the boy and she wished he would get to relieve himself soon.

Alex grabbed his crotch under blanket and his shoulders sagged in relief. He carefully touched his abdomen to feel how swollen it was even with the waist band of his jeans cutting into it. The pressure was very high and he had to think of a way to contain it before it got too late. He slyly undid his belt and then unbuttoned his jeans. It took off so much pressure from his bladder. He couldn’t have been more grateful for the blanket at this point as it covered all what he was doing.

Although, unbuttoning his jeans helped, his need to pee intensified much more after a while.

Every now and then, Clara could hear Alex grunt in the back of his throat as he fought his body’s urge to let go. He arched his back and rubbed his bladder with one hand as he blew air out through pursed lips slowly. He couldn’t keep his legs still now and they bounced up and down at the knees.

He remained like this for some time, head down, and eyes shut tight, seemingly not caring how he looked.

“Alex, are you alright?” Clara asked in a concerned voice.

“Oh it’s nothing, I just really need to go to the bathroom,” he said, keeping his eyes shut.

“Well, is it an emergency?” she asked.

“Oh no, I can hold it,” he replied quickly.

“I hope the blanket is helping, feeling cold makes you want to pee more.”

“Yeah, it’s warm, thanks,” Alex forced a smile, finally looking at her.

Every now and again he wiggled his hips or pumped his knees and eventually he crossed one leg over the other to take some pressure off his sphincters. Every now and then, he lifted his head a little and looked out of the window, obviously trying to figure how far from their station he was.

He sat with his legs tightly crossed for a good while before opening them for a second and closing them back again. He leant back on his seat and closed his eyes, knowing that calm is the key.

Clara was doing her best not to stare at Alex. His desperation was making her feel so aroused but she somehow was managing to keep her emotions in check. She didn’t want to see him suffer like this, in fact she wanted to help him out of the situation but she didn’t know what to do.

His fists were clenched and he groaned a little every now and then, but it seemed to be holding off the flood for now.

“Oh my god, I seriously need to use the loo,” he moaned, looking out of the window.

Clara heard this and she couldn’t help herself from asking, “Do you think you can hold it till we get there?”

“I don’t know, I feel like I’m about to wet myself,” he responded, closing his eyes tightly.

Clara was sure he was holding his crotch under the blanket. His face was a mixture of sheer terror, pain, exhaustion and panic, and it looked like he was about to have an accident any second.

She was trying to remain outwardly calm as she watched this, imagining how desperately he must want to pee, and how he must be trying to squeeze his cock in an attempt to control himself. If Alex was already at this stage, with at least an hour to go, then he was going to be frantic by the time they arrived at their station. Was he even going to be able to wait that long? And if not, what was he going to do? Carla’s pulse rate increased as she thought about this.

For the next ten minutes, Alex kept rocking back and forth on his seat, trying with every ounce of strength in his body to keep his pants dry.

For Carla, this was a dream come true, sitting next to a young, attractive man who was obviously and increasingly getting desperate to relieve himself. She knew that Alex was absolutely frantic to pee, fighting with all his strength to control himself.

Although this was what she had always wanted to see, her heart ached for Alex. She wished he could make it to the toilets in time but knew his body was not up to this.

Leaning forward slightly, he turned towards her, “ How much longer?”

“45 minutes more,” Clara responded.

“Oh no,, I’m absolutely desperate for a pee, I really don’t think I can last out that long. I don’t know what I am going to do.”

“Just try to keep holding it, Alex,” Clara said, “I know you can do it.”

Since he had admitted wanting to pee, Alex had not made any attempt to hide his desperation, occasionally bending forward to squeeze his cock even tighter. Clara, who had never thought she would get to see something like this in her entire lifetime, was so excited she was finding it difficult to breathe, and quite impossible to look away, wanting to savor every moment.

Was he going to be able to keep this up for another 45 minutes, she wondered.

“It’s no good, I simply can’t hold it back any longer, I’m about to go in my pants,” Alex said, squeezing his cock with all his might, “I have to pee!”

His final exclamation was accompanied by his body bending almost double, indicating a sudden surge of increased desperation. Clara had been about to say that she could not help him, and that he would have to pee on the floor, when she remembered the empty can of soda she had drunk earlier during the journey. Although she wouldn’t have traded this moment with all the money in the world, Clara knew it was the right thing to give the can to Alex so he could pee in it.

“Oh shit, why didn’t I think of this before?”, she quickly pulled it out of her bag and showed it to him, “Is this any good? Can you manage to pee in this?”

“Yes please, I can’t hold it,” he quickly grabbed the can from her, and removed the blanket from his body to reveal his already unbuttoned jeans.

Clara’s eyes shot open on seeing the bulge of his bladder, it was like a basketball jutting out of his abdomen. She had never seen or heard of anyone with such a swollen bladder and she wondered how much he might be holding for it to get so distended like that.

Alex frantically tried to get his cock out from his underwear and pee, but trying not to reveal what he was doing to other passengers. Fortunately there was no-one anywhere immediately around them.

Although Clara really wanted to watch him pee, she steeled herself to look away but finally gave into the irresistible temptation and slyly watched with her side eyes.

As Alex pulled his cock out, a dribble of pee accidentally escaped and wet the front of his jeans. Then he quickly brought the can closer to his penis, holding its tip close to the opening of the container.

He immediately let out a thick stream of pee , pointing it directly into the can through the small opening. Clara watched transfixed at the sight of the jet of clear liquid that he was so expertly directing into the can.

“Oh thank goodness,” he exclaimed, closing his eyes and throwing his face up in relief.

He somehow managed to stop the flow when the can drew full but lost a spurt on the floor.

“Oh no,” he gasped before regaining control.“That’s so much better, at least it’s let some of the pressure off, but I think I could fill more cans if we had them.”

He slid his cock back into his underwear and adopted a more normal sitting position, placing the can on the floor, near his feet.

“Thank you so much, you really saved me there, Ms. Stevens. I thought I was going to wet myself, because I really could not have waited any longer.”

The wet patch on the crutch of his jeans, which could only have been caused by a big spurt in his under-pants, as well as the patch where he had splashed the front as he got his cock out, showed very clearly that he had not been exaggerating. He had actually reached the point where he could not have held back his pee any longer.

“You’re welcome, I hope you are feeling better now,” she asked, her heart was racing because of what she had just seen but she tried to look unaffected.

“Yeah, better than before, but I still have to go really bad,” Alex responded, crossing his legs and drawing in an audible breath.

“Don’t worry, we’ll be there soon,” Clara said.

After around 20 minutes, he began biting his lower lip and resumed rocking back and forth, looking frantically out of the window.

“Are you okay?” Clara asked quickly.

His eyes met hers and she could see the worry in them. “I really want to go to the bathroom” he said, “The pressure is really building back up.”

Clara reached forward and put her hand on his knee. “Are you going to be okay? Sorry to say this but we are still probably half an hour away from our station, are you going to be able to make it?”

“I really don't know. I'm so desperate,'’ he said.

Suddenly, for some reason the train slowed to a crawl and seemed as if it would come to a stop.

“What is happening?” Alex asked in panic.

“I don’t know,” Clara answered.

“Oh my god, tell me we are not stopping, I really have to go to the bathroom,” Alex cried out, crossing his legs tighter and squeezing his crotch, looking around the compartment to see if anyone knew what was happening.

The train came to a complete stop and time began to pass. Ten minutes later they began to move but at a very slow speed.

Stations went passed but the train was simply not going at the speed it should have been, in fact unfortunately for Alex, it began to slow down again.

Alex continued to hold himself between his legs as he painfully watch the train crawl.

His legs were crossed and he was bouncing the top leg up and down. “This is so embarrassing”, he said through gritted teeth “It's getting really hard to hold it”, he had both hands in his lap and was pressing them down into his crotch.

“I really can’t hold it much longer”, he said as he pushed his butt off the seat with his hands. His legs were still crossed when he did this and the look on his face was one of utter desperation. He took a deep breath in and looked out of the window. He sat back down but was moving more now that he wasn’t holding his crotch. He let out an infuriated moan and his fidgeting increased.

The train passed by a few more stations with Alex pressing on his cock through the fabrics of his jeans and underwear.

Clara was beginning to worry for him, it was beginning to look like he wasn’t going to make it after all.

They still had twenty minutes to go before they reached their station, Clara in fact thought it would be more since the train was crawling.

At one point, the train went at walking speed for over ten minutes.Clara could see the boy shivering with pressure. She wished she had a bottle or something for Alex to pee into but unfortunately she didn’t.

“It hurts so bad,” he said as a huge wave of pressure took him over and he did everything in his power to stop from wetting his jeans.

They passed a few more stations, still going far too slow and then once again came to a stop.

“I'm going to wet myself”, said Alex, “I don't think I can hold it anymore”, he was in complete panic. He raised his but off the seat, still with one hand buried between his crossed legs, and bent forward towards Clara.

“Do you think you can hold it for 20 minutes?”, Clara said, knowing full well that it was more like half an hour. It had been about 7 hours since Alex had last been to the toilet and he had consumed a lot of liquid.

“I don't think so,” he said moving uncontrollably.

“Oh my god, hurry up,” he sighed, rubbing his thigh with one hand and holding his crotch with the other, while breathing deep and heavy.

The train once again started up and began to crawl forward. It picked up speed, probably to make up for the lost time.

“Are you okay? Do you think you can make it?” Clara asked again.

“I don’t know..” he replied, his facing frowning. He leaned back on his seat and grabbed his crotch as tightly as he could.

“Just tell me when we are there,” he was in what looked to Clara to be a complete state of concentration.

He was breathing deep and muttering to himself, “Hurry up, please hurry up....”

Another station went by, not the station they were stopping at. Alex had begun to bounce and whine. '”Oh my god,” he said and began to shake his head. “This can't actually be happening”.

“Oh my god,” he cried out again, “I'm going to wet my pants. PLEASE hurry up.”

Then the train began to slow down. Alex looked at Clara, “What’s happening”, he said “Are we there?”

“I think so,” Clara said, “Keep holding on, you’re almost there.”

“My bladder is about to burst any second. I'm seriously going to wet myself,” Alex said.

“I’ll get your luggage, you go pee,” Clara said as she saw the train drawing into the platform.

It was as if the news that he was so close to relief gave him a bit of strength, he started to walk towards the doors.

With a hand jammed in his crotch, despite the embarrassment, he couldn't take it away for a second without completely flooding his pants. People were watching him now but he didn’t care.

They both made it to the door and he couldn’t stand still even for a second.

“Come on please god hurry up”, Alex whined in agony.

Alex had one hand on the door handle, already trying to open it, and the other holding himself for dear life.

“Oh come on, it’s going to come out.”

They could see the platform clearly from in there and as they passed the main building, Clara said, “The toilets are there.”

“Oh god” , he said bending double. “Just stop! For god sakes, please just stop!”

Finally the train came to a halt and Alex desperately pulled on the door handle.

“Come on, come on”, he said and finally they opened.

Alex hurriedly stepped out of the train. The toilets were all the way down the other end of the platform and Alex made for them as fast as he could. He still had one hand gripping his crotch. They weren’t moving very fast but finally they saw the toilets.

“I hope the urinals are not occupied,” he said.

Clara didn't want to tell him that she was almost certain the doors would be locked and he might have bigger problems to deal with.

They got to the toilets and he turned the handle but the door didn’t open.

“Oh my god!” Alex cried out, crossing his legs tightly as he felt a dribble escape, “It is locked!”

Clara found herself at a loss of words, she didn’t know what she could do to help the poor boy out.

She saw a station master nearby and quickly walked towards him, “Excuse me sir but could you please send someone to unlock the loos, it’s an emergency.”

“Well, I am sorry mam but it is time for a shift change and I guess, it would be an hour before the fresh staff comes in, the toilet can be unlocked only after that,” he replied before going his way.

An hour was too long, Clara knew Alex wouldn’t be able to hold it till then.

She hurriedly walked towards him, “The toilets won’t open for another hour, we’ll have to go home.”

Alex, who was leaning on the toilet door with the support of his hand, visibly shook at this, “I can’t hold that long,” he said, a tear rolling out of his left eye.

“You will have to. You’ve come this far, don’t give up now, it’s just a ten minute ride, you’ll make it,” Clara said as she picked the luggage and started to walk, “Come, quick!” she said, stopping on her way and looking over her shoulder at Alex, who hadn’t even taken a step.

Alex somehow walked towards the taxi stand, just out of the station. He limped, holding his crotch, letting only a small leak out before he reached the taxi Clara was standing next to.

“Get in, quick!” she opened the door for him and he carefully stepped inside, crossing his legs again.

After hurriedly loading the luggage in the car trunk, Clara climbed in from the other side of the backseat, holding her blanket in her hand.

The taxi pulled into the road and they began their journey home.

“Could you please step on it?! We are in a hurry!” Clara exclaimed.

“Sure,” the driver responded.

Clara looked at Alex, his face, his tightly coiled body, his legs twisted together, his hand buried deep between his legs, all told her how badly he needed to pee.

She wrapped the blanket around Alex and pulled herself closer to him. She then covered herself with the rest of the blanket before wrapping her arms around his shivering body.

“What are you doing?” he asked, his voice shaking and eyes brimming with tears.

“I am just making sure you’re not cold, feeling cold makes you want to pee more you know,” she said with a smile.

Tears rolled down Alex’s face. Clara gently guided his head so it rested on her chest.

“I can’t hold it..” he cried.

“You can, believe in yourself, you can hold it,” she said, slightly caressing the back of his head. He was shivering so violently, Clara knew he was on the end of his ropes.

“I am not going to make it..” Alex wailed.

“Ssshhh, don’t worry, you’ll make it, it’s not too long, you’ll make it..” Clara said, continuing to caress his head while looking intently out of the window, hoping they would reach soon.

Alex clutched his crotch as tightly as he could and for the next two minutes neither of them said anything.

It was at this point that his body slowly began to fail. Urine flowed out of his penis in long spurts and he began to cry helplessly. He could feel the wetness spreading across is lap. He pressed his thighs together in one last ditch effort to prevent himself from having an accident but soon the hot spurts turned into a violent stream. Alex wept in pain, but he couldn't do anything; he was peeing in his pants.

“It’s alright, we are almost there,” Clara said, still unaware of what was happening under the blanket.

His urine began to soak into the seat and also into the blanket.

Suddenly, Clara felt the growing wetness beneath her. She was shocked when she realized that Alex was having an accident, right there, in her arms!

“Oh my god!,” she exclaimed.

Alex broke down in painful gasping sobs when he heard this. He tried to pull himself out of Clara’s arms but she didn’t let him.

Alex could barely feel himself peeing now, just the growing wetness around him.

The only support Alex had at this moment was Clara’s understanding hug. He kept peeing for almost a minute and a half, and by the time he was done, he had completely soaked the blanket that he and Clara were sharing.

His cries grew deeper as he hugged back Clara tightly.

“Sshh, it’s okay, it’s okay. Just breathe,” she said.

Alex couldn’t reply, he sobbed rest of the way there.

When they reached home, Clara pulled herself out of the hug and stepped out in her dripping clothes. Her jeans were completely drenched from the back and her top had absorbed a lot of moisture from the blanket too.

Alex trembled as he sat there crying. His breaths came between breaking sobs.

“Honey, we're there, let’s go in,” Clara said, looking at the boy who was sitting with his face in his hands.

He opened his side of the door and quickly stepped out to walk off towards the house. It was only when he stood up that Clara came to know how wet his own clothes were. His jeans were drenched from waist to ankle and his shirt was soaked at the back. She was shocked at the size and impact of his accident. She could’ve never imagined he had to go so much.

Alex went straight inside the house, while Clara collected the luggage from the trunk and also paid the driver for the damage done to the back seat.

Once inside the house, Clara went straight to the boy’s room, to find him sitting in a corner, with his knees buried in his chest and hands wrapped around his legs.

“Honey, are you okay?” she asked, quickly walking up to him.

Alex didn’t respond. With his face held down, he just kept crying.

Clara slowly rubbed his back through his soaked shirt, hoping it would make him feel better.

“I am so sorry, I didn’t mean it, I’ll pay you back for all the damages, I am really sorry, please don’t tell mom and dad about this, please,” Alex cried desperately looking at her.

“Oh no, honey,” Clara said, pulling him into a hug again, “You don’t need to pay me back for anything and I won’t tell anything to your mom and dad, now just relax,” she said, “Please stop crying, honey, it’s OK. It was just an accident.”

Slowly but steadily, his cries died down but his humiliation remained. He could feel his damp clothes clinging heavily to his skin his entire body trembling in shame and embarrassment.

“I really didn’t mean to...i- it just happened,” he whimpered.

“I know sweetie and it’s okay. Now please stop crying,” she said, “Everything’s going to be OK. Why don’t you go take a shower, and I’ll put your clothes in the laundry.”

Feeling tired and broken, Alex simply nodded to this. Once inside the bathroom, he put his wet clothes in the laundry basket and placed it outside the door for Clara to take it down with her.

After a long shower, Alex came back in his bedroom and put on his pajamas, ready to go to sleep. Although he felt hungry, he didn’t feel like eating anything.

When he was about to climb onto his bed, he heard Clara’s voice from the other side of the door, “Hey honey, I’m coming in,” she said.

“Yeah,” Alex responded in a low voice as climbed on his bed.

When Clara walked in, Alex noted that she too had taken a bath and had changed out of her wet clothes to her evening gown.

“I am sorry for ruining your clothes, I promise I’ll pay you back for it,” Alex said even before Clara could utter a word.

“Alex, honey, I already told you that you don’t need to pay me back for anything. It was just an accident, I know you didn't do it on purpose,” she said before sitting next to him on in his bed, “Now, tell me, what will you like have for dinner?”

“N-Nothing, I’m not hungry..” he replied softly.

“Are you sure?” Clara asked.

“Mmm..” he nodded.

“Okay sweetie, I’ll see you in the morning,” Clara said, switching off the lights as she walked out, “Sleep well and if you need anything just let me know, okay? Good Night...,” she said before she closed the door and left.

“Night,” Alex said, as he lied back on his bed and drifted off to sleep.

*002*2015-08-27 13:40

{{:

That was a great story! Wonderful description and well written. Are there really trains that run for 6 hours that dont have toilets or at least rest stops though? Seems a bit impractical to me

}}

Thank you so much!

I guess, since it is a fictional account, we must take it in that way. And since you asked, in India we used to have trains which had routes longer than six hours and had no toilets on board. They used to stop for the passengers to use the loos but each halt would be hours apart.

I understand if anybody from the west or even other countries, finds it impractical.

*003*2015-08-28 21:11

Well, I wrote this story more specifically for the ladies on this forum. I hope they like it.

I was thinking of writing a sequel to it but I’m still not very confident about it. If I get a few positive responses for this story I may start working on it.

Inputs and suggestions are welcome. Please feel free to tell what you didn’t like about the story too, I’m always open to constructive criticism. Thank you for reading!

*006*2015-08-30 03:45

{{:

Good story. I'm not into male stuff outside of my own writing, but I gave it a read. Your punctuation has improved greatly since your Tsunade story and the redo of Lunambra you sent me. Still waiting for a bloody ending to The Four Kunoichi, though...

}}

Thank you for your kind words Bulge_Lover, I am glad that you took some time out to read my inexpert attempt. Male desperation doesn’t do much for me either but I like to keep offering the readers as much variety as I can. And as far as 'The Four Kunoichi' is concerned, I am still trying to come up with a decent plot continuation but frankly, I haven't been able to figure out anything. If I ever manage to think of something justifiable to write, I'll continue with the story.

{{:

Great story and description! I loved how he got a break to pee in the bottle, but then of course had 'broken the seal' and then with the train delay there was no way for him to make it. I would only have enjoyed it more if his accident had been in the station outside the doors of the toilet with everyone watching, but this was an excellent story.

}}

Thank you, classified43. I am glad that you liked it. :)

###

On a total unrelated note, I wrote an explicit version of the same story, here is the link- https://omorashi.org/topic/27478-blanket-explicit-version/

It contains some graphic sexual stuff, hence reader discretion is advised. Thank you. Have great day! :)

