Equestria Girls (My Little Pony) Wet-a-Thon

Author: Slater

*000*2017-10-05 06:59

A string of partly related short stories in which many of our favorite Equestria Girl characters have difficulty holding themselves in desperation. Will any of them make it? Not very likely, but you never know, could save one or two last minute. Shouldn't have to be an MLP fan to enjoy this.

Anyway, just take note as to how each of the Elements of Harmony/Character plays a role in the predicaments of each character.

= STORY ONE: FLUTTERSHY, WETTERSHY =

Hop, skip, bounce, wobble-wobble. It was a running-late Fluttershy trying to put on her sneaker while stumbling her way through the door of her house. As it closed, the zoo-like commotion of screeches, barks, and hollering quieted. Since the hurricane weather, a number of animals became stranded, separated from their owners. And she couldn’t help but take them in for the time being.

But that meant cleaning up after and feeding three times as many animals. She was running with quite a distance to go being on the outskirts of town. She went as fast as she managed, trying to politely dodge and wait on the traffic of people bustling through the streets.

An old junky hatchback full of miscellaneous stuff coughed up beside her. Fluttershy took a glance at it and was instantly irritable. Her brother Zephyr Breeze was driving alongside her while blocking traffic.

“Heya, sis! How’s it going? Late for school?”

“Zeph, I don’t have time for your antics right now,” she said with a huff.

“Oh, but you do, you do! Listen, I’d be willing to give you a ride—”

“In exchange for gas money. I know, but it isn’t worth it. If you would just—just…” Fluttershy’s voice trailed off as she just realized that she was so busy that morning she had yet to take her morning pee. She considered her options and quickly changed her mind. She sighed. “Alright Zeph. But you better get me there on time without speeding.”

“Oh Flutt-ah-shy! Since when did I ever do any bad driving and let you down?”

At that moment a piece of his front bumper clattered and hung down low, the twisted metal barely holding on. Fluttershy rose an eyebrow before moving to the passenger side and buckling in. At that moment, he floored the accelerator and the car loudly popped in protest before zipping into the streets.

Fluttershy’s eyes became the size of baseballs, pupils beading tiny and she yipped and grabbed the handle above the door with her right hand and the edge of her seat with her left. As the car screeched around the corner, the handle broke off. Her hair flew in her face and Fluttershy had to jam her left hand into her crotch, torturously squeezed by the seatbelt.

“Zephyr Breeze! Just what do you think you’re doing?”

“I’m not speeding, that’s for sure.”

“B-b-but—,”

“Don’t have to say it,” he said narrowly dodging a semi-truck blowing its horn, “I know. I’m amazing.”

Fluttershy screamed as she shut her legs together to do her best to not pee right then and there. She closed her eyes and clenched her hand in her crotch tightly, hoping and waiting for it to all be over. But in a couple of minutes, the car screeched to a halt. Fluttershy dared to take a peek and saw that they had made it to the front of the school without incident.

Now, about the gas…”

She stepped out and shut the door behind her.

“Money. Pfft. Hey!” Zephyr Breeze shouted, voice muffled behind the door, “you owe me!”

Fluttershy burst through the front doors of the school, running for dear life. She contemplated stopping for the bathroom but looking at her watch showed that there wasn’t time. She would have to go to class and hope the teacher would let her go. Being tardy one more time was going to get her a detention—and detentions were issued during the time the Rainbooms had band practice; she couldn’t miss that!

She raced into the classroom and walked up to the grime-faced lady at the front.

“Miss Harshwhinny? I-I-I know you don’t like it when we leave in the middle of class, b-b-but can I please, pretty please, go to the bathroom?”

Miss Harshwhinny puckered her lips to the side. “You should have gone before coming into the class. I’m fixing to hand out a test, and you know the rules: no leaving in the middle of a test for any reason.” She glanced over at Snips and Snails who had previously tried cheating and helping each other during such an move. “But if you are tardy to class, I will issue an automatic failure and you will not be allowed to take the test or enter the classroom.”

Fluttershy shrieked while biting her lower lip, stepping one foot on the other. She hung her head and made her way to the desk. She was nervous, very nervous. She had to go to the bathroom; her morning pee from an all-night bladder was waiting to come out, and she was taking a test that she knew would be extremely difficult for her.

The tests were passed around and she struggled to focus. It was Algebra, making her have to work out problems and try to find solutions. She was used to the pop quizzes using multiple choice answers, but that was not what she had.

She felt her swollen bladder quickly. The seconds passed like minutes, and minutes passed like hours. Fluttershy gripped her crotch as she was making her way down the line of questions, sweaty palms rubbing graphite as she tried erasing. She fidgeted and wobbled her legs up and down rapidly, crossing and crisscrossing. Just before she finished, Fluttershy felt a steaming hot spurt in her light green panties. She clenched her teeth and made a squee. It had been a while since she was this desperate. Of course being Fluttershy, she had wet herself a handful of times before. But she was not interested in reliving the experiences.

She did her best to try and stay inconspicuous, discreetly pressing a fist into the top of her skirt. Normally her bladder was used to being emptied over an hour prior. She began to get extra sensitive to her surroundings and sense of touch, a drop of heavy sweat rolled down beside her cheek and her face was flushed hot. But she was finished with the test. She felt like things were ok; she was going to make it.

Fluttershy looked around the class and noticed that everyone else was still taking theirs, which was odd since how she usually finished near the end. She looked at the clock and only then realized class was halfway done! She bit her lip and quivered as she looked over her test and realized she only did one side!

With an exhaustive whimper, she returned to focus on the test more. But every passing minute made it harder and harder to concentrate. Fluttershy constantly rubbed her sweaty hands on her skirt and readjusted her position. Another hot squirt exited into her panties and she resorted to bouncing furiously in place, legs squeezed tightly together. Her swollen bladder pressed up tightly against the band of her skirt, and she began to sweat so much she was afraid the wetness on her white shirt might make her bra show through.

She was exaggerating of course, but it was another worry added to her list as she looked down and checked while fidgeting more and pretending to look uncomfortable to disguise cramping up in adjustment to her desperation. She became fixated on little things like the lead in her pencil, the unevenness of the heavily-used eraser, or the curls of her hair.

As the class began to wrap up and everyone else was finishing their test, Fluttershy was extremely desperate. She had to go so bad, she was afraid that the act of standing up and spreading out her legs to walk would cause her to lose control. She looked around the room, nervously wondering who was staring at her and thinking about her odd gestures and movements. Fluttershy’s eyes darted left and right and the stress built up, her legs furiously shaking and her body trembling. It was hurting and stinging in her lower stomach she had to go so badly.

Seven minutes. There was seven minutes left. Never mind that there were still four questions left, Fluttershy just wanted to jump up out of the room and head straight for the closest bathroom. Six minutes left. Five minutes left. Four minutes left.

It felt like her bladder was rising up to just puke its contents out despite her commanding it not to. She struggled to keep her willpower stronger than it, squinting her eyes, hands gripping the side of her metal and wood chair. She had to raise up her crossed legs to the tiptoes of her right foot and vibrate because even being bent over was too much to bear. She began to whimper quietly, moaning, biting her lip in terrible gnawing.

She dared to open an eye and look at the clock. Three minutes left.

Then, she opened both eyes and gasped. She could feel a strong lurching sensation, so she raised her legs up higher and higher, her knees touching the top of the desk. She whispered, “No, no, no, please, oh please no, not in the middle of class!” Her light green panties got a little damp in response as another hot spit of pee got into them. Then it dribbled a little; Fluttershy moved her legs sharply left and right. Two minutes to go, just two minutes!

A warm, swirling sensation angrily punched out of her young, virgin soft yellow vagina. Fluttershy sputtered her body and dropped her legs as the pee ruptured through her defenses and was hissing strongly into her clothes. Two minutes too late. The steaming hot liquid was pumping without mercy through her light green panties and into the light pink and white-dotted under layer of her skirt before flooding through, easily staining the top layer a darkly green.

Fluttershy caved in her eyes and her expression sunk, hands frozen in place by her side in shock as the pee trickled around her fingers along the edge of the seat she was forced to use as a toilet. She could feel the liquid pooling around her crotch and between her thighs as the seat had no cracks or holes to spill through. She moved her right leg open a little, spreading it along the soaking back of her skirt now sticking to her leg.

The pool in her lap reached the edges of her chair and began to drip onto the tile below with a loud pitter patter. Students began to look up and at each other upon hearing the sound that soon after became a cascading splashing. The girl to Fluttershy’s left looked at her and realizing that Fluttershy was blushing badly and looking down at the damage being caused by her mess, the other student tilted her gaze downward and gasped.

“Miss Harshwhinny? Fluttershy’s peeing.”

Fluttershy blushed all the harder and tears began to swell up in her eyes. Now the whole class was looking at her, and she wasn’t even finished at all, having been peeing straight for well over a minute. She sniffled and sat there still frozen in place. She then nervously adjusted her legs to the side to try and stand up, but couldn’t move, continuing to relieve herself in front of the whole class. Students around her stood up and stepped away from her as if in fear that the yellowish-tinted liquid puddling around her seat was contagious.

Fluttershy exhaled with a stuttering whimper, moaning a little as she stared forward, sad expression as she started to lean over and finish. She spent thirty more seconds of her life drenching her clothes, her makeshift toilet, and the floor around her. A few seconds after her relief was in full, it was still dripping and splashing onto the floor.

Fluttershy sat there in her embarrassment a little while longer before scooting forward, scooping and sliding a heavy waterfall of pee onto the floor, her dark pink socks were slurping in her green boots. She laid her head on the desk, wrap her arms around her head, and with pee-soaked fingers on her shoulders, she cried her heart out, hoping she could just die. Just then, the bell finally rang.

* * *

In a different, empty classroom, dark from the lowered shades, Fluttershy was sobbing profusely, standing there naked save for hot pink bra as her friend Rarity rummaged through a trunk of school play outfits she was working on, along with some other pieces of fabric.

Fluttershy sniffled in-between sobs, “I—I want to die! This was—*cough, cough*—this was so embarrassing! I’ve wet my pants five times, now. Five times Rarity! My shyness makes me so childishly pathetic.”

“Rubbish! Absolute rubbish!” Rarity said as she sat down and began to sew. “You are wonderfully useful, darling! Taking care of all those poor creatures in your house. Now, why don’t you use the lab sink and paper towels to wash up?”

“Oh, what’s the use?” Fluttershy said sitting down on the floor, ignoring her bare and wet backside pressing on the stone-cold tile before wrapping herself with her arms as if to try hiding from the world. She continued with speech muffled. “I can’t show my face in this school again. The whole school probably knows by now.”

“Oh, tsk, tsk Fluttershy dear,” the fashionista said, “Almost everyone has a little embarrassing accident of their own sometime in their life. Doughff! It’s just that mean-ol’ Miss Harshwhinny. Just don’t let it bother you and it’ll go away very soon. Besides, you’re not the only one to wet themselves in her class.”

Fluttershy piqued her chin up from the den of her arms. “D-d-did you ever—you know—wet your pants, Rarity?”

Rarity bit her lip, her gently swinging crossed leg paused a few moments before continuing. She nodded. “Well I, well, um—yes, Fluttershy, I have.”

“Really? When?”

“Once, when I was ah, uh, little girl.”

Fluttershy looked away. “Oh.”

Rarity continued sewing in silence, feeling a swelter of guilt, and of something else. She looked at the depressed, moping, half-naked, dreaded heap she called a friend with overwhelming regard. She coughed and readjusted her position. “And another time in middle school.” She nodded her head as if she were listening to some tune. “Actually, a few times in middle school.”

Fluttershy adjusted her gaze and fixed it on Rarity.

“And—ah,” Rarity sighed. “And in freshman year, and sophomore, and—and this year. And well yes, a few weeks ago—and—and—last week.” As she spoke, she continued bobbing her head gently like an elder woman recalling stories of ye old. She uncrossed her legs and began to bounce her left leg rapidly while wrapping the other one around her chair leg while angling her knees together.

Fluttershy’s countenance of dread instantly shifted to shock and interest. “Wow Rarity! It sounds like you’ve peed yourself a lot more than me! But I’ve known you for so long, I don’t ever recall you having any accidents.”

Rarity spat a bit and sputtered for words. “Oh well, I um, wouldn’t call them all accidents per say, but…”

“Rarity!” Fluttershy said rather flustered as she stood, now much more comfortable to get herself cleaned up. “Are you saying that you’ve peed in your pants on purpose?”

Rarity re-crossed her legs and adjusted her angle of leaning and blushed. “I wouldn’t say just on purpose either or well, you maybe… I’m sorry, Fluttershy dear. I couldn’t bear the sight of you in your predicament so I had to say something.”

Fluttershy turned the sink on and was dabbing some paper towels in the running facet. Rarity paused to uncomfortably focus on the water streaming free. Fluttershy puckered a lip of dissatisfaction. “Were you lying? When you said those things?”

Rarity’s concentration was broken and she lifted her hands up in defense. “Oh, no, not at all! You see, you know what ‘kinks’ are, right dear?”

The light-pink haired student froze a moment in bending down, fully exposing her butt to her friend. “Well, I think that’s like funny sex interests, right? Or something? But what would that have to do with you p—pee—peeing…” Fluttershy dropped her cluster of paper towels. She stood up and turned with hard blushing as she saw Rarity fidget in her seat. “You don’t mean that—that peeing in your clothes is a turn on, do you?”

Rarity stood up with such fierce rapidity she nearly knocked her chair over. “Oh promise me you won’t tell a soul!”

Fluttershy stood still as no sound or movement became of the room except the running faucet water. “Oh Rarity, I don’t have any real reason to tell anybody, for now. But it doesn’t really make me feel better that you pee in your pants all the time and nobody knows about it, and I pee in my pants only a few times and everybody knows of it.” She sighed as she turned the sink off, picked up her paper towel mush from the floor, and continued rubbing her naked legs and groin with warm water. “But I do know of somebody romantically interested in you. They’ve been asking me if I know anything about what you like, you know what I mean.”

Rarity was almost in tears. She flew across the classroom and held on Fluttershy’s hands as she got to her knees. “Please dear Fluttershy! Please, I’ll do anything to make it up to you! The deception, your feelings, our friendship!”

“You have to go to the bathroom right now, don’t you, Rarity?”

Rarity looked up with frightened, worried curiosity. “Ah, why whatever do you mean, Darling?”

Fluttershy flashed a wicked, uncharacteristic grin. “I think you know what I mean. Besides, did you say that, I quote,” she put a pointer to the air, “‘Almost everyone has a little embarrassing accident of their own sometime in their life.’”

Rarity looked away and sighed. “Yes, yes, well, that I did.” She glanced her eyes up at Fluttershy who was bent down looking at her with a devious grin.

Rarity began to cry. “Oh please don’t make me do that! I beg of you! My status and place of interest in the school is, well, it’s…”

“Better and more important than mine.” Fluttershy turned away and began to whimper. “I understand.”

Rarity, still holding them, rattled her friend’s hands. “Oh, I just can’t bear the sight of you so dreadful. Let it never be said that my Element of Generosity has never ruined me. Just please, don’t make me have it too public or long-lasting?”

Fluttershy stepped away to continue rubbing herself to clean up. “Just hold yourself now until you can’t for today. Whatever that means, wherever that leads.”

Rarity sighed heavily. “With it only being second class period, that gives me not much chance to make it to the end of the day. But Dearest, please do tell me,” Rarity got on her knees and clasped her hands together. “Why are you doing this to me?!!?”

Fluttershy took the soaked glob of paper towels and dropped them in the trash. “Because I have my secret kinks too. Are you done sewing my improvised underwear yet?”

*001*2017-10-05 07:06

@The Dark Wolf

Since you asked to read it, here it is, with a cliffhanger lead to the next story. If there's enough interest, I'll continue writing.

*006*2017-10-07 05:10

{{On 10/5/2017 at 12:59 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

I skimmed it a bit, but when I get the chance I'll read it in more detail. Looks pretty good so far

}}

I don't want you to fall behind, so I'll wait until you're done to write the next chapter.

*012*2017-10-09 10:28

{{On 10/7/2017 at 7:04 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

I don't know how you did it but your EqG stories are more popular than mine

}}

Once upon a time, I joined this forum group almost in it's infancy. I'm an ancient relic, comparatively speaking, who only awakens from the dead every several months or years, to rise again and gift members with my stories, before setting down again for another great hibernation.

Basically, I've got experience. Alright working through the next one, people!

*013*2017-10-17 09:46

STORY TWO: RARITY’S SNAG

Rarity fidgeted as she walked down the hallway. Since she spent her free class period helping Fluttershy, she had less time to work on the finishing touches of some costumes for the school play. She was a student aid to the sewing class and it was important that they be finished today for some important demonstrations. She sighed as she rubbed her arm over her royal purple skirt trying to disguise her discomfort.

When a handsomely tall jock approached, she flashed a grin too wide and wiggled her fingers while still pretending to mess with her skirt with her other hand. Holding herself while going through school was nothing new. She secretly bought some of her clothes in pairs, even underwear, so that in the event she felt the wish to be naughty and pee in them she would have a change on hand, and a bag to put the soiled ones in.

But today, her plans to relieve herself in privacy was compromised by her generosity and dedication. As she struggled to take full striding steps with the rolling box in tow full of costumes and sewing supplies, she took a moment and a deep breath. Perhaps it wouldn’t be all that bad. At least she knew what would be coming.

It is always quite exciting to see just how long I can hold it, she thought.

Rarity began plotting out her excuse, and seeing if maybe it was possible to fool at least some of the students and staff that her wet clothes were really an accident of a different kind. Being a veteran wetter, Rarity knew that if she just spread her legs apart wide enough, she could get away with being caught. But Fluttershy was going to want evidence.

She sat in Biology while sewing, fidgeting, and toe-tapping, her powder-white face glowing with a bit of red as she did her best to concentrate. There wasn’t a test, quiz, or other reason for her to be peeing in her clothes there. The teacher was very lax, and Rarity would sometimes take the opportunity to pee—in clothes or not—in the middle of this class. No, she was determined to have her accident somewhere else.

Her desperation raised, and she began crisscrossing her legs. She knew it was a tall tell sign that her rising desperation was in a critical stage. It made her think of the time she was on a bus ride on a school state competition trip back in middle school, and in the night she forced herself to pee in her jeans for the first time to relieve herself, and all the things she did to hide the fact.

Class ended at a bad time. Rarity’s bladder was so full it was starting to be painful. She stood up and felt pee eject through her young vagina and into her frill, turquoise panties. She hissed and crossed her legs, stopping the tiny spurt from getting worse. This was her lunch period now. She had never held herself this long in quite some time. But she had her excuse at the ready.

With a confident puff of air and puckered cheeks, she took her sewing kit and costumes with her to lunch. She got in line and was desperately bouncing and wobbling, coughing loudly and pretending to be cold.

A quiet, mousy voice peeped up. “Hi Rarity, how are you?” It was Fluttershy, joining her friend in line.

“Oh, ha, ha, you know!” Rarity furiously rubbed her legs together. “I just wish I had brought my winter attire for lunch, you know!” she announced loudly on purpose. “So cold in the cafeteria today, right?”

Fluttershy’s eyelids sunk down and she put on a grin, satisfied at Rarity’s plight. It was awfully wrong and against her usual demeanor, Rarity knew it. In fact, she would dare say that it could be one of those Changeling creatures that Sunset Shimmer talked about from back in Equestria.

Rarity leaned in close. “Some act of kindness this is, you sadistic swine! Who are you, and what have you done with my friend Fluttershy?”

Fluttershy put a palm up to her mouth and giggled. “Oh Rarity, it’s me, it really is! I just wanted to let you know it makes me feel a lot better to see others of high status—um,” she made air quotes, “‘wet and messy’ as they call it. But if you really don’t want to, go on. It’s ok. Why, I’ll even hold your place in line.”

Rarity looked at her friend with puckered lips. “Forgive me, dear Fluttershy,” Rarity said folding her arms and looking away, “but I am quite incredulous to your intentions of letting me off the hook.” when she looked back, she beheld the saddest, tearful expression she had ever seen.

“The puppy dog pow-wow face!” Rarity raised a leg and held up her arms. “Don’t you dare! Don’t—no—no…”

Fluttershy began to sob as her fingers were clasped together. Rarity felt another spit of hot pee exit out and she flinched, trembling. She sighed heavily, put a hand on Fluttershy’s shoulder, and leaned in to whisper. “Pardon my French, dearest, but—fuck you.”

Fluttershy beamed happily like a dog that was promised a treat and a walk. Rarity struggled to keep from grabbing herself while standing in line. She grabbed some juice and simply touching the ice cold container was enough to send another spasm into her turquoise panties. She made it to the end of the lunch line without major incident, Fluttershy constantly looking at the legs of her sexy friend. Rarity’s pale and sweating face turned to Fluttershy. “Dear Fluttershy, could you be so kind as to get my lunch money on the side of my bag?”

Fluttershy smiled. “Sure.” Rarity sighed with relief knowing that she wasn’t sure if she’d be able to safely bend all the way down to it.

She wobbled her way to the usual table with the rest of the Mane 6 friends. She sat on the end near the window when Rainbow Dash loudly slammed her tray down, causing Rarity to shriek in fright. Another, longer hiss of pee bled into her panties and a little on her skirt.

“Hey! That’s my seat!” Rainbow Dash protested.

Rarity winced, teeth clenched. “If you don’t mind, Rainbow Dash, I would like to sit here so I can work on my sewing.” This was it. Her damnable moment had come. Fluttershy sat across from her with a wink.

Rainbow Dash rolled her eyes. “Ugh. Fine.” and then sat next to her. Rarity rolled up the sewing things next to her to try and block off as much noticeable area around her legs as possible. She gulped, fingers nervously stabbing her fork into her salad. She pressed her left palm with her napkin firmly into her crotch, her legs were bouncing rapidly. Her bladder was in pain, and she knew from experienced wetting she wouldn’t make it past lunch.

“I’ve been skipping breaks all day to work on these clothes which are due by my last class,” she said. Rarity choked a bit and reached for the juice, still keeping her hand tucked into her skirt, rubbing furiously. She twisted her legs around her hand and continued bouncing. She hadn’t been this nervous about wetting herself since she did it on the bus. She took strong gulps of her juice and wiped her forehead.

“Rarity?” Twilight asked leaning over. “Are you ok?”

Rarity blushed and flicked her hand. “I’m just fine, darling! I just uh, um, so—oh gosh—so nervous…” she felt more pee spill out, and she strained to keep her control. Her bladder knew that she was getting ready to release, and the excitable racing was making her a little sexually aroused, which didn’t help matters.

She hit her arm on the table and curled in her fist, looking down and fighting back tears. “I just don’t know if—if I’ll make it!”

Fluttershy took Rarity’s fist into her hands and held it up. “Just relax, Rarity. Everything will be ok. I promise.”

Ok Fluttershy, Rarity thought. She tucked in her skirt as tightly as she could, pressing the top of it down into her crotch. Here I go. She spread her legs apart and gulped.

With a brave tensing of all her muscles, Rarity jammed all her strength and effort into her bladder. The floodgates opened and exploded, a rushing torrent so strong that Rarity contracted a little and huffed. Her cheeks became bright red as the pee quickly began drenching the bottom and front of her skirt, easily soaking through her turquoise panties into a dark bluish green. Rarity gave herself another forceful pump to try and empty herself as hard and rapidly as possible as she always did.

Her countenance slowly sunk, the pee cascading into a powerful, dripping waterfall along the hem of her skirt and around her butt from the bench. Rarity rubbed her left hand on her knee as if to try comforting herself. She lost her thought and her gaze left Fluttershy as she looked down at the damage she was creating on her clothes and the bench.

Rainbow Dash grabbed Rarity’s shoulder and shook it. “Awe, come on! You can do it! I’ve seen you sew amazing things in no time, no sweat, right?”

Rarity quivered but only nodded. It was the strangest sensation to have two of her friends touching her—while she was pissing herself! She knew she was in the middle of the lunch room, the sound of hundreds of students eating and talking drowning out the sound of her creating puddle beneath her. But she felt that she could hear it all loud and clear. She adjusted her right leg a little and brought her left leg back, the adjustment raking the puddle around her crotch to fall with renewed strength.

She took a moment to look at Fluttershy, and she realized that her hand, too, was probably between her legs. Rarity knew that her friend was thoroughly enjoying this. But she didn’t invest much thought into it, she only looked back down, noticing how dark her skirt had gotten and how big the damning puddle beneath her was getting, her two boots now forming islands amidst the ocean spreading out over the tile.

Rarity did her best to give herself one last shove of strength, creating another flux of urine to gush from her high school junior developed vagina, tight and slim butt flexing as she did so before she allowed herself to fully relax. She closed her eyes and tried immersing herself in solace and meditation, forgetting her surroundings and focusing on how good a feeling this was.

After an eternity of peeing, she finally finished. She was breathing deeply and slowly, feeling the liquid warmth of her over-soaked skirt and panties sticking her soft, white skin.

“Oh my,” Fluttershy squeaked. “Rarity, are you alright? Anything we can do to help?”

Rarity’s calm demeanor was interrupted and she looked around at the table as her other friends looked on in confusion. Rainbow Dash was shoving a large sub sandwich in her mouth when she looked at her friend and then down. Her eyes grew to the size of baseballs before jerking back and bumping into Sunset sitting beside her, who then bumped into Twilight.

Rainbow Dash swallowed. “Rarity, like, what the hell! First Fluttershy, now you? What, we all going to need to start wearing diapers or something?”

Twilight gasped. Applejack stood up to look and not seeing anything, looked under the table. Her expression upon coming back up was dumbfounded shock. Pinkie Pie thought it was surprise and squealed as she also looked up the table, her face going from pleasant excitability to a long face.

Rarity was starting to want to cry. “I—I…”

Sunset Shimmer took her jacket off. “Here take this.”

“But darling, your—”

Sunset held up a hand. “You’re our friend, and you do a lot for us. It’s time we return the favor.”

Rarity shook her head and looked at each of her friends. Everyone looked sympathetic, except Rainbow Dash who still held fast her look of utter disgust. Sunset puckered her lips to the side and gave her a hard bump on the shoulder with her elbow. Rainbow grinned at her and nodded.

“I—if I am to be excused.” And with that, Rarity tied Sunset’s jacket around her waist, grabbed the handle to her toolbox of sewing items, and briskly walked her way out towards the bathroom.

Rainbow Dash snorted. “That jacket won’t hide everything.”

Sunset bumped her in the shoulder again. “What’s wrong with you? I’m pretty sure that at one time in our lives, we’ll all be put in a situation where we won’t be able to make it to a bathroom.”

Rainbow Dash spit. “Pffft! As if! I’ve never wet myself like you babies, and I never will! There won’t ever be a situation for me where I would.”

Pinkie Pie grabbed Rainbow’s jacket and pulled her halfway across the table. “Never? Never, ever, in like, a thousand years never?”

Rainbow Dash pushed herself off her friend’s hold. “Nope. Never.”

Pinkie Pie giggled. “Not even your super, duper, totally obsessive urge to win?”

Rainbow Dash crossed her arms. “Not even then.”

Pinkie Pie continued, “But what if you were stuck in the basketball game tonight, and your team was down by three good players, and you couldn’t take ANY time off to stop for a break because the score is so neck-and-neck, and the locker room bathrooms were broken, and you would have to walk all the way around the school because the rest of the buildings were closed, to one which did have a bathroom, because the lines at the porta potties were too long to wait through, so you just don’t go, so that you can keep playing, and make sure that the Canterlot High Wondercolts could win, and you end up peeing in your basketball uniform at the end of the game!”

Rainbow Dash laughed hysterically to the point she nearly fell over. “Oh Pinkie Pie, you’re funny.”

* * *

That night at the game…

Rainbow Dash was clenching her teeth as the basketball game was underway. “Ok, how the hell does she do that?”

*017*2017-10-18 05:15

{{6 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Loved this chapter, and I'll love the next one more. (Please end with her wetting herself like Fluttershy and Rarity, it's extremely rare that I can find a story of Rainbow Dash, pony or human, peeing herself in a way that meets my style. Oh, and unless you've REALLY got your heart set on something else, specify she's wearing her usual outfit with the black compression shorts under the skirt)

}}

End with her wetting herself like Fluttershy and Rarity; I guess I don't understand, is there another way to wet yourself? Everything I ever write is going to be young female desperation wetting in clothes.

I did have something else strongly in mind, but we'll see. I was actually actively looking for something else because pee doesn't show up very well on black.

*019*2017-10-18 06:43

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I meant, Fluttershy and Rarity wet themselves and I want Rainbow to do the same. But, it sounds like all your stories end that way, so yay. (But, didn't you say you could save one or two last minute?)

Well, in that case, I request at least some form of skintight shorts for her. Any color, from as short as Twilight's to the length of her usual pair, up to you. That's my favorite kind of outfit for wetting and one of the reasons I always want to see it with her. She's the athletic type too so she's more likely to wear them (especially while playing sports) than Fluttershy or Rarity, who are most often seen with those dresses which they have been wearing in some of my stories/fantasies.

Please tell me that's what you were going for. The dresses or pants/jeans are fine for ANY of the others, but for EqG I associate Rainbow Dash deeply with the skintight shorts so I'm pickier with her.

If you did have something else strongly in mind, I guess that's all right, I'll just be a little disappointed.

}}

Rainbow Dash's plight is, as Pinkie predicted, due to the fact her basketball team is undermanned of star players, forcing Rainbow Dash to continuously play all game in order to help keep the score up as high as possible. So she's going to be desperate in front of not one, but two whole schools. She would stop to pee in-between quarters, but since the bathrooms/plumbing on that section of the school is broken, there were a few porta potties set up outside on the far end of the main parking lot and they're constantly in heavy use in the brief times between quarters.

So she's going to be wearing a dark blue and gold Wondercolt uniform. I was going to give her grey, spandex boyshorts for undies, was that good enough? If not, the CMC are next and what you described is what Scootaloo is going to be wearing.

*021*2017-10-18 19:34

The Wondercolts were never shown to play soccer, basketball, or other team sports, so we don't have an official uniform. But I drew inspiration from this. Typical style of basketball uniforms, except there should be jersey numbers.

