A Strange Encounter - The Mistress and Her Unwilling Prisoner

Author: jeanvaljean

*000*2013-12-17 02:52

As I haven't written anything in a very long while, I thought I should start posting a chapter-based fiction based on a number of roleplays I've had throughout time. I must warn you that if you are into toilet control, forced wettings, submission-domination and other stuff like that, this story will surely get your blood boiling. The first chapter is rather long as it sets out the setting as well, but it's sure worth a read! I am writing this for my own enjoyment but I sure hope you will enjoy it as much as I will!

What's left to figure out is whether I (or you, my dear reader) actually identify more with the Mistress or with her helpless prisoner...

Chapter 1 - A strange encounter

Saturday evening...I think...I can't remember anything, my head's hurting and I am feeling weird...dizzy...

Suddenly, reality strikes as I get a powerful, strange feeling from my lower abdomen. I realise what it is, but I do my best to not acknowledge it. It's my bladder. It is begging for relief. That is the point I first feel the cold shackles on my wrists. Iron chains hanging from the ceiling are holding my hands up above my head. It must be at least an hour I've been in that unnatural position, as it doesn't seem to be uncomfortable anymore.

"I can't believe this is happening!! Hello?! Hello, is there anybody here?!"

I shout as I realise I am tied up against my will in a room I've never seem before. It seems a regular room, as I can see a desk and some cupboards on the far left, as well as a wardrobe towards the right. Immediately to my right there's a lit fireplace, with a fresh load of wood burning in it. In the middle of the room, a fuzzy oval shaped carpet covers the hardwood floor, with a very stylish armchair sitting on it. The only weird thing that strikes me, apart of the chains I am tied up with, is the lack of windows...

"Hello? Can someone help me?"

Suddenly, I can hear footsteps coming up on what seems to be a flight of stairs behind me. "Yes! Someone is coming!" A door opens and the foot steps start getting closer.

"Finally! Can you please help me? I have no idea how I ended up here but I think there's enough time before whoever tied me up is back, please untie me!"

"Hmm hmm hm" a soft, feminine chuckle breaks the silence. "Oh Jean, but I tied you up." After locking the door, the mysterious woman paces behind me, with her high heels clacking on the hardwood floor.

"What?! Who are you? Why are you doing this?" I ask, "And how do you know my name?"

"Shh shh Jean, I am the one asking the questions here." she says as she comes out of the shadows and stands in front of me, covering my lips with her index finger. I am shocked to see a tall, slim lady, probably in her early thirties stand in front of me. I notice her long, blonde hair and I soon find myself gazing into her deep blue eyes.

"You should thank me for not wearing a mask, Jean!"

I realise I have now seen her face and for a kidnap victim, that sure isn't a good thing.

"So, are you still feeling dizzy?"

"Yes, a bit..." I answer as she hands me a 500 ml ice cold water bottle from the cupboards at the back.

"This should help a bit with that"

I start drinking as she takes the water bottle to my lips. I must have really been thirsty, as I empty almost half of it. I try to stop drinking but she manages to force the rest of it down my throat.

"Half was enough, why did you do that??"

"Be polite, Jean, don't raise your voice!"

Ashamed, I apologise "I'm sorry Miss, it's just I'm really uncomfortable...Who are you, why am I here?"

"Well, since you finished all your water as a good boy, I'll answer some of your questions. My friends call me Ashley, but that is Miss Ashley for you. As why you are here..."

"Please, all my money is in my back pocket, you can take it, please let me go!"

"Are you saying I'm a thief?! And don't interrupt me, Jean! It's not your money I'm after you silly boy, I could've taken it while you were asleep...." she stumps her right heel on the hardwood floor. That surely startles me and sends a sharp spasm to my bladder, making me cross my legs.

"Sorry, Miss Ashley! I don't mean any disrespect, but I am so scared right now, why did you bring me here?"

"Oh, you'll find out soon enough dear" she says as she caresses my chin softly with her long fingers.

As I notice she is rather starring at my crossed legs, I quickly uncross them. "I almost forgot, Jean" she smiles naughtily at me, "don't you remember what you were doing before you woke up here?"

"Uhm, not really no...I think I was out with my friends..."

"That is correct." she acknowledges as she sits in front of me on the leather armchair, crossing her legs teasingly. I can't help but notice her well defined legs and purple, expensive looking high heels. As for the outfit, she seems she just got here straight from work, as she still is wearing her dark grey suit. She must be a lawyer or something.

"You were out with your friends, I know that because I followed you. You had quite a few drinks, it must've been at least three pints of Stella you had, plus the sambuca shots, which were...mhh....five... or more? Naughty boy, tsk tsk!"

"But how did I get here?"

"Before that, are you sure you don't need anything else? Maybe some more water?"

"Oh no!"

"Oh no what?"

"Oh no, Miss Ashley. Thank you but I had enough."

"Anything else you might need, food, a toilet?"

The way she said "toilet", slowly, stressing every letter sent another powerful spasm to my bladder and I cross my legs once again.

"Are you sure?", she smirks at me from her armchair, "you don't need to be shy you know."

"I am alright Miss Ashley, thank you." Now, why would I say such a stupid thing? You clearly remember what you were doing before you woke up here Jean, you were looking for a toilet! You left the first pub where all your friends were because the toilet line was too long and you went into the pub next door. You did get to the toilet, but that's the last thing you remember...She probably knocked you out with something, ether maybe -that should explain the sweet taste in your mouth-, before you even got a chance to use the toilet. Now, why would you be so stupid and deny the much needed chance to use the loo?

"Ok, if you say so, I believe you", her smile and the way she stares into my eyes, however, indicate the opposite...

"In that case, you need to drink some more!" and she promptly forces another half liter of ice cold water down my throat before I even get a chance to object.

"You seem so nice, but still you treat me so badly" I say as she wipes off the water that spilled out on my chin.

"Oh no Jean, you will learn that I am a very good person, it just depends on you."

"What do you mean?"

"What I mean is that if you are a good boy and do everything I tell you, only good things will happen. However, the opposite is also true, if you don't, there will be dire consequences for you and your bl... that you will have to face!"

"Ok, I fully understand, Miss Ashley! I will be good!"

"There you go, you are a quick learner" and she gives me a quick peck on the cheek.

While she goes to the cupboards and fixes herself what seems to be a mojito, I am left to face the cold reality of the state I am in. Bursting, absolutely bursting to pee, all tied up with no toilet in sight and too ashamed to ask for a toilet... And thinking about all of this sure isn't helping as I find myself bobbing up and down with my legs double crossed...Hmm, good thing she didn't tie my legs up!

I quickly stop shaking as she turns around and goes back to her armchair, but I am unable to uncross my legs.

"Now Jean, I think you have been a bad boy..." she says as she smirks and takes a long and loud sip out of her mojito.

"No Miss Ashley, I wouldn't dare!"

"Oh I think you just did, you just lied to me...I am very disappointed, Jean. However, I'll give you another chance. And you better make the most of it, cause they are very rare: Once again, would you like to use a toilet, Jean?"

Blushing, I can't help but admit that my bladder will soon take over "Yes Miss, I think I would!"

"You just think? Cause in that case it means you won't be getting one!"

The idea makes my urge ten times stronger, and I start doing the most childish pee dance ever. She starts laughing as my face turns red and I admit:

"You are right Miss, I am actually very sure! I really really need to use a toilet now. I mean, I had so much to drink at the pub, plus one liter of water I just had here..."

"That's better Jean, I appreciate your honesty. And I know how bad you need to go, it's obvious... And also bearing in mind you were in search of a toilet even before I brought you here... that should have you now very VERY full."

Biting my lower lip, I acknowledge "Yes Miss Ashley, I am bursting! I need to go so bad, it feels like I'm about to..."

"To what, Jean, don't leave me hanging?"

"To...to let go any moment" I stutter "I really have to use the toilet now!"

She slowly walks towards me and kneels right in front , lifting my shirt and exposing my overfilled bladder. A huge smirk covers her face as she begins to gently caress my bladder "Oh my Jean, you really do need to go. And you need to go soon!" she says without even lifting her eyes from my bladder.

She stands up and softly whispers in my ear "Now what could we do about that?"

.......

That's the end of the first chapter, but there's more to come my friends! Your comments and feedback, be it positive or not, are truly welcomed! I hope you enjoyed this and there sure is more to come!

Jean

*002*2013-12-17 13:19

Good things come to those who wait! :P

I am really glad you had pleasure in reading this and I can assure you even more interesting things are to come!

Of course, I already have the next chapter, but I'm waiting for this one to be read by a bit more people before.

*004*2013-12-18 02:22

Since Chapter 2 is already finished, I’m not going to leave you hanging for too long (although I enjoy doing that :P) and I’ll post it today. Consider this an early Christmas present from me. It’s a bit shorter than the first one and it brings new depths to the interaction. Enjoy and don’t forget to comment!

....###

Chapter 2 – A pleasant conversation

All I can think about is how bad I need to go. My bladder is literally screaming to let it empty its painful content, but I am trying my best to ignore it. I mean, I am an adult, I should be able to do that, the bladder is part of me and who I am, so I should be in charge. I can clearly hold it until a toilet will become available. Even if she decides to keep me tied here for more hours to come, I’ll hold it till the end as she will eventually let me go. She… she… She is so weird – I hope she doesn’t read my mind! – , so gentle and caring, yet so demanding. She hasn’t been rude, but it is obvious that my opinion doesn’t count here. I’ll just do whatever she wants, it doesn’t seem she wants to hurt me or anything else, and I’ll be leaving this place any time soon. But she’s so cute…why is she so attractive?!

Her words still linger on my eardrums "Now what could we do about that?"… Well, it’s obvious if you ask me, let me use your toilet… and do that soon.

“Is that a rhetorical question, Miss?”

“Haha, Jean, you’re funny!” she seems to be laughing sincerely, “You still have the power to joke, I respect that.”

“Don’t get me wrong Miss, but I can only see one viable option when someone is in a desperate need for a toilet and one is available. He’ll be allowed to use it.”

“Miss what? Hmm, Miss what, Jean?”

“Sorry…I meant Miss Ashley…” Why am I always doing these stupid mistakes! Arghh!

“That’s better. Well, my dear, think about what you just said earlier and try and use your imagination. I am sure you can find more than one option for such a situation…” she leaves me thinking as she fixes herself another glass of mojito. Yes, it’s definitely a mojito, I can tell by the strong rum and lime smells that hit my nostrils.

“Well, I think I know what you mean, Miss Ashley, but I just hope that I am wrong.”

“Maybe there’s no toilet around, hmm? What do you say about that?”

“I hope that’s not the case!! Not that I am that desperate, but who knows how long it’ll be till I get home…”

“Are you not, Jean?! Then why are we still talking about this subject?” she stares at me inquisitively.

Now, why did you just say that? You’re bursting, you can’t even remember another occasion on which you had to go so bad. Who knows, you might be close to wetting yourself…

I quickly snap out of those thoughts and reassure myself No way Jean, you are 23 years old, you are an adult. You will hold it until you’ll get to the loo, you will empty your bladder when you decide! And, of course, you don’t want to ruin your jeans, this is just the second time you’re wearing them…

“Ahm, well yes. I mean, it’s not that bad… It’s just that I have no idea when I’ll be able to use the toilet.”

She obviously reads right through me and clearly doesn’t buy such lies. She’s probably seen many guys in this state before, she knows all the signs, all the little perks… “How long will I be tied up here, Miss Ashley?” I finally build up the courage to ask, “And why am I actually here, why did you chose me?! There were at least twenty other guys in the pub!”

“Oh, there sure were other guys there, Jean, but I chose you. And I’ve done that so many weeks ago… And since you’ve been a very good boy, I am going to untie you any moment now. With a deal, of course, but we’ll get to that. Until then, let’s have a little conversation, I bet you are dying – to release all that pent up piss, she thinks to herself – to find out how I know your name.”

“Yes, Miss Ashley, please tell me.” I say double crossing my legs once again and hoping she doesn’t take to long to finish her story.

She starts thinking about something hidden in the most pleasurable parts of her memory and a naughty smiles slowly appears on her face. She is so cute when she does that… I wonder what her lips taste like…

“You were so cute, Jean” she breaks the silence. “I knew the moment I saw you I need meet you, maybe even teach you some tricks.”

“What do you mean, when did you see me, Miss?”

“It was around three weeks ago. I was heading home after a very long day at the office, I think it was maybe 12 at night, when I had to stop the car on the side of the road to take a phone call… Hmm, that was a truly delightful sight. But anyway, how do you feel about me untying you now?”

“Sure Miss Ashley, my arms are numb…”

“Are you willing to do something in exchange for that? Something easy?”

“Of course Miss, anything for you!”

“You’re lovely! Then empty this bottle of water for me now, would you?”

Why didn’t I see that coming? Hmm, let’s get through this quickly so she finally unties me and I can go to the loo…

“Easy Miss, too easy.” I bravely say as I down the full strawberry-flavour water bottle without spilling a drop. However, I realise it must’ve been the worst decision I’ve taken all night, as I find myself standing bent at the waist with my legs shaking uncontrollably. I’ve been desperate for so long, I can’t tell anymore what my body is doing to ease the hold and I find myself standing in the weirdest positions, doing funny pee dance moves and biting my lower lip.

Miss Ashley keeps her promise and unlocks the handcuffs, releasing my hands which instantly jam into my crotch. I don’t even realise I am holding myself in public, and that with a lovely and respectable lady standing in front of me…

“Oh no Jean, I forgot! You can’t hold yourself either! That’s the second part of the deal.”

“But Miss, please” I say as I cross my legs over my double-handed crotch grip.

“No buts young man, you must do as you’re told. And also, it’s so, so rude to do that!”

“I apologise, Miss, but I just need to pee sooo baaaa…”

“No buts I said, and stop complaining like a six year old! And you just told me you don’t need to pee, so man up! Or stop telling lies for that matter!”

I slowly remove my hands from my crotch and notice that I got a rather noticeable erection from all the touching and rubbing. Ahh, this is so embarrassing, she clearly noticed, I can tell by her satisfied smirk… And why am I even enjoying this so much?! It’s obvious she’s beautiful, but what’s with these commands, following everything she says without objection… This is so NOT like you, Jean! I just hope I don’t get the Stockholm syndrome or something, start getting attracted to my kidnapper and enjoying this crazy situation…

“Thank you for untying me, Miss Ashley!” I smile politely.

“No problem, Jean, you deserved it! Such as you deserve what is coming next…”

“Hmm?” I wonder.

“I was telling you I had my car parked on the side of the road that night… What do you think happened then? I was minding my own business, talking on the phone and the streets were empty. All of a sudden, this young man comes up from behind my car, holding his crotch and trying madly to unbutton his jeans. I saw one of the cutest pee dances ever but he eventually managed to get his cock out and started wetting on the tree next to my car. It was such a long piss, poor thing was probably absolutely bursting.”

Blushing, I can only find words to apologise: “I’m so, so sorry Miss Ashley, I didn’t realise someone was in the car!”

“I know dear, I know”

Clearly remembering the incident which took place three weeks before, when I was coming home from an evening out with some mates, in which I clearly had too much to drink, I try to explain myself: “I had to hurry when I left the club Miss Ashley, as I would’ve missed my bus, so I couldn’t use the toilets there. I just couldn’t hold it until I got home. I’m sorry… I simply had to pee then and there. I hope you can understand that… And I really didn’t know YOU were there!”

“I must confess to you Jean, that was a very erotic scene for me” Ashley says as she remembers putting an abrupt end to the phone call and simply enjoying the sight of the young man peeing helplessly beside her car, her hands drifting on their own all the way down to her panties. “You don’t need to excuse yourself dear, you really don’t. And you’re lucky you didn’t pee on my car for that matter! But you will still have to learn the lesson I’m about to teach you.”

As it instantly struck her that he must be the perfect subject of her new experiments, Ashley followed him home afterwards and that’s how she started to find out his name, as well as things about when and where he goes out, what drinks he enjoys having and other stuff like that.

“I am happy you are not mad about that, Miss, but please, can I use your toilet now?”

“Now? Right now? Oww, you are getting demanding baby. Maybe I should tie you back up? Hmm?”

“No, please, sorry, I just really have to go to the toilet, I am so full right now” I say biting my lip.

“You seem to be working against yourself, Jean. You have to stop asking such questions. You just asked me if you can use my toilet… what if I say no? No, Jean, you can’t use my toilet. What will you do then? Hmm?”

I’ll piss myself, Miss! I will simply empty the full contents of my bladder in my boxers and brand new jeans. As simple as that. Right here, in front of you, with you seeing every second of it.

What?! No way, Jean!, I won’t do that! I really have to stop working against myself, as even Miss Ashley said. However, the idea that she might not let me use a toilet in time sent a cold shiver down my back and a huge spasm hit my bladder. I felt the first pee drops escape my bladder as I jammed my hands into my crotch, managing to stop them and keep my boxer-briefs dry. Huh, that was close! I just need to get to a toilet soon, I’ve never felt like this since kindergarten. Do what she tells you and shut up!

“What will I do? I will hold it, Miss. I will hold it until you decide it’s time for me to use the loo! What else could I do, I am 23 years old…”

“You didn’t seem that confident on your holding abilities when you yanked your cock out next to me and started peeing. And stop holding yourself, you know you are not allowed! Do you really want to have some more water?? Huh, you’re stubborn!” she abruptly cuts me off.

Removing my hands from my crotch rapidly, happy that I’ve managed to keep my grey boxers dry, I answer to her first question “I know, Miss. But now I am determined!”

“That’s a good attitude, I must give you that. It seems you are ready for your lesson now.”

“What do I need to do? I’m bursting, can we please hurry?”

“No, we cannot. And stop demanding things or you will have to drink another bottle of water. Let’s start. But mind you, and as you probably already figured, you cannot go until we finish our lesson! Which might take longer if you keep excusing yourself and asking for a toilet trip like a little kid.”

“But what if I can’t hold it, Miss?” I say without realising, exposing my biggest weakness to her.

The kinkiest, devilish, yet seductive smile I’ve ever seen appeared on Miss Ashley’s face. My question really made her happy, gratified. It seems that might’ve been all that she wanted to hear all night…

###

That is the end of the second chapter guys, and we can clearly see some chemistry already starting to build up between the two characters. It just leaves us wondering what Miss Ashley’s lesson might be about and what outcomes it might have.

What do you think? What’s going to happen next? Leave your opinions bellow.

And of course, more to come!

*006*2014-01-17 20:32

Hm, what do you mean?

*009*2014-03-04 18:19

{{

}}

No, it's not the end mate. I've been having the third chapter on my desktop for almost a month now. It's been going quite slow, but it's 2/3 finished and progress is still being made. Thank you for your interest and stay tuned! :D

Also, feel free to leave any particular feedback if you so desire!

Jean

*011*2014-03-21 17:55

Glad you are enjoying it! Thank you for the lovely feedback

*013*2014-04-24 18:41

Great to see people are still enjoying this! Will do hun

