A Colorful Lot - Championship Night

Author: JustYui

*000*2013-07-23 16:39

In the town of Fairside, New Jersey, there was a college. Fairside University, it was simply called. Not all that big - enough dorms for maybe 500 students - but not pricey either. Plenty of chances for scholarships, and as a whole, the best-friend college of the middle and lower classes of American society. In that college, there were ten girls in particular who were a tightly-knit circle of friends. The vast majority of them were from Fairside, but some came from other places as well. Because of the sheer diversity of personality amongst them, they had an unofficial nickname for the group, like it were a kind of little club for (mostly) cheery misfits. The Colorful Lot, they called themselves. This story is about them.

Tonight was the state championship for girl’s basketball. The team’s star player was a member of the Colorful Lot, and her name was Jordan Reyes. Some people - though few and far between - liked to call her “Osaka” because of her baseless and reasonless dream of moving to Japan one day. The game was against another small college stationed somewhere near the state capitol of Trenton, and it was on their campus, but Jordan didn’t believe in home field advantages. She believed in psychological and emotional advantage.

Even if the rest of the team didn’t have much like that going, Jordan saw nine girls in the stands that she’d known for years. They were cheering her on, and it would have been enough to keep her playing at two-hundred percent. Only, she was playing at a percentage more like seventy now. There were ten minutes left in the game, no more timeouts, and the first one to notice a sudden drop in Jordan’s performance was…well, Jordan. Why? As embarrassing as it was to admit during a game, Jordan had to use the restroom. Badly.

But putting her aside, even for a single play, was like asking to get trampled in this neck-and-neck game. Jordan knew how to take one for the team, so she’d stick it out for ten minutes to keep her team’s slight lead. If she could just hang in there, she could carry her team to being state champions. Basketball was Jordan’s life, so she didn’t dare let the team down tonight of all nights. The only problem was that between the screaming crowds and the intensity of the game, it was hard to focus on her bladder. She had to put not wetting herself in front of countless strangers (and her team, notorious for teasing its members) above winning the game, though.

After the opposing team scored a three-point shot, bringing the score up to a heated 96 to 95 in favor of the Fairside Thunderbolts, it became evident that Jordan wasn’t the only one who noticed her performance dropping. The coach called her aside. Jordan did her best to not look down when speaking to the coach, since he was considerably taller than her. In fact, not only was he taller than anybody on the team, but Jordan was their shortest player. So how was she the star player? Speed and technique you can only get from being three-quarters Hispanic.

“Reyes,” the coach said, looking her dead in the eyes. “You alright?”

“I’m fine, coach. Just nervous is all, since it’s state championships.”

“Take a breather if you have to, unwind. I can put Farley out for you--”

“No way, I don’t want her playing in my spot!” Alexis Farley was the team’s star player until Jordan’s joining coincided with Alexis spraining her ankle. Her performance has taken a permanent drop since, and as such the two weren’t on good terms. Many times, Jordan tried to explain that it wasn’t her fault, but Alexis just wouldn’t hear her out. “I’ll be fine, coach. Trust me.” At least, I hope I’ll be fine…

“…alright,” the coach said. With that, he sent her back out into the court. The whistle blew, and the next play began. Every play, Jordan’s performance seemed to sink a little bit lower, and lower, and lower. In five minutes, with only five more in the game, the game had been turned around. The score was now 114 to 108, and Fairside was losing. Jordan looked about ready to explode, in more ways than one if an observer knew the source of her lowering performance. The coach called her aside again. This time, he wasn’t going to let her back out so easily.

“Hi coach,” she said. Her voice was strained, and she couldn’t hold still. It was becoming obvious, even to the average observer. She had to go ASAP, lest the consequences be severe for both her uniform and her pride. “Something wrong?”

“I’m putting Farley out, if only for this one play. Go hit the restroom, Reyes.”

“Sure.” At this point, Jordan didn’t care about whether or not Alexis was on the court. She just had to answer nature’s call, and she had to do it fast. Unluckily for her, Alexis liked to act on her grudge, and the fastest way around the bench meant going right past her. Jordan was way too focused on reaching her destination to notice the extended leg before her, which promptly led to her tripping over said leg. The surprise from tripping over destroyed her focus on keeping everything held in, and…

Well, Jordan was thankful there were no cameras. All she could hear was the distinct hissing and dripping sounds of a big-ass puddle growing beneath her, and all she could see was said puddle forming, soaking the front of her shorts completely, and working its way up half of her jersey. In more ways than one, Jordan was pissed. With her brain no longer occupied with holding her bladder, she could tell Alexis tripped her. Payback would be due another time, but for now, Jordan got up to her feet and made a mad sprint for the restroom, leaving behind a trail of warm yellow liquids in her wake and a beet-red face for people to remember.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Hello there. I am UnendingEmpire.

While this is far from the first story I’ve written, it IS my first original story (as opposed to a fanfiction) to be uploaded with an actual chance of continuation. These “A Colorful Lot” stories - noting the plural - are a variety of different stories that are linked only by the same ten characters. Even though Jordan is the star of this one, my three favorites of the group are Jakkie, Sam, and Liz. They all attend the same college, but Jordan is one of the youngest ones at only age 18, the oldest being Liz who is the only 21-year-old in the group. I figure that at the least, we’ll meet two more characters in the next chapter: Dera and Jakkie.

As a final fun fact, I RP as Jordan here, but on other sites I use Jakkie.

The beginning of this story was short, but I expected it to look longer on the site, lol

