LoZ majora's mask romani's bad morning

Author: RyuRyan

*000*2012-08-25 22:04

(Made by the-armored-toad of deviantart.com/proofread-ed by the-irish-clover of deviantart.com)

In the early hours of the morning on Lon Lon Ranch, the cuccos began crowing loudly to the sunrise. In the bedroom of the ranch, a young girl named Romani was resting, not being awakened by the cuccos but once she awoke she yawned and pulled her green cotton blanket aside. Her colorful red hair was all messy from the rough sleep over the night. She stretched in her white pajamas as she went to her dresser to get ready for the day ahead.

Romani undid her pajamas, sliding out of them and throwing them aside. She put on her white underwear and bra before pulling her usual clothing out from the drawer, a white dress that reached her ankles with blue pattern going around the bottom of the dress, and on the shoulders she put on her yellow scarf that had a bowser emblem on it. She seemed to value it since her father gave her and her sister each one before he died.

“Romani!” she heard her older sister shout. Romani tilted her head in confusion while brushing her hair. “What is it, Cremia?” Romani asked while putting down her brush and walking downstairs still confused. Normally she didn’t call her this early in the morning. Cremia appeared to be in her regular outfit and looked annoyed. “You slept in. We were supposed to start delivering the milk in Clock Town an hour ago!” she exclaimed. Romani was surprised by this since she had forgotten about the milk delivery, so she tried to apologize.

Cremia sighed holding her head. “It’s all right. Just go eat breakfast. I’ll go get the wagon loaded,” she said before walking off. Romani quickly went off to the kitchen. She saw some breakfast and sat down at the table, seeing nothing more but cold eggs and bacon. Romani quickly ate the food and grabbed a glass of water, chugging it down as fast as she could. She put the glass back in the sink before putting on her socks and boots and running outside.

Romani saw the beautiful sunlight of the day on the ranch. The animals were grazing and the cuccos seemed to be making as much noise as before in their pen. Romani noticed a cucco wandering around that somehow had gotten out of the pen. She sighed before picking it up and bringing it back to the pen, putting it back with the other cuccos. Suddenly Romani noticed a pressure in her lower abdomen. She realized she had forgotten to use the bathroom because she was rushing too quick to start her morning routine. She just brushed it off when the feeling subsided, thinking she’d relieve herself once in Clock Town.

Romani saw Cremia loading up a horse wagon with some of the milk containers. It was freshly made milk that Cremia had to acquire herself due to Romani sleeping in. Once the wagon was loaded Romani and Cremia climbed into the front of it. Romani felt her bladder reminding her of its slowly growing urge to release. She gulped, crushing her thighs together a little bit and trying to resist. She stuck a hand in between her legs as the glass of water she drank wasn’t going to help either. Cremia took the reins of the horses. Before long they were riding off for Clock Town.

The bumpy ride in the wagon didn’t help Romani with her bladder control. The constant bouncing from the rough ground made it harder for her to ignore the pressure, building in her lower abdomen. She almost wanted to tell Cremia but she didn’t want to run the risk of embarrassment, and she hadn’t gotten to desperate yet.

Once they had gotten to Clock Town, Romani was annoyed when she had to help Cremia carry one of the heavy milk containers like they normally did. As they entered Clock Town from the west side they saw the inn and the adults only club nearby as well. “Ah good, the first delivery area is here,” Cremia exclaimed seeming happy that they didn’t have to carry the first container that far. Romani sighed in relief, thinking she would be able to use the bathroom in the club.

As they approached the club they put the milk container down. Romani just tried to wait patiently while Cremia knocked on the door. They saw someone look through a slide in the door to see who it was. “Uh, your milk delivery is here,” Cremia said to whoever was behind the door, never seeming to find out from the multiple times she had made the delivery. Romani just couldn’t wait to get inside to go to the bathroom, starting to feel the pressure in her bladder and lower abdomen get stronger.

They saw the door open up. “Alright, Romani, wait here,” Cremia said starting to pick up the milk container. Romani was surprised by this since they didn’t have a problem letting her in before. She felt a twinge in her bladder, making her crush her thighs a little. “W-what?! Why?!” she asked as the twinge from her bladder made her lose control of her voice and nearly want to grab herself. Cremia looked at her, confused by her act. “They want to enforce the adults only rule a little more… are you okay?” she asked her sister, worried from the voice mess up. “Y-yes, I’m fine… J-just hurry up so we can get the rest of the deliveries over with,” Romani responded.

Cremia raised an eyebrow, but she just ignored it and continued to carry the milk container into the club. Romani was forced to wait for her. The water she had drank earlier was starting to feel like a terrible mistake to her now. Her bladder was filling by the second. She was starting to pace back and forth outside and sometimes quickly grabbing her girlhood to try and relieve the pressure on her bladder. Romani saw the inn nearby. She groaned, thinking Cremia would take forever, or so it felt like it was because of her full bladder.

Romani was about to walk into the inn until she heard the club’s door open, to her aggravation. “Come on, Romani, the inn will probably be our last place to deliver. It opens in twenty minutes,” Cremia explained to her that they’d go later since it was too early in the morning for the inn to be open, much to her despair. She just gulped, trying to stay straightened up and not losing control of her quickly filling bladder.

Romani followed Cremia back to the wagon, seeing two milk containers left. She just wanted to deliver them right now and go back home to relieve herself. She was having trouble keeping still as he started fidgeting a lot. “Alright, to make this go faster, I’ll take this one to the post office and you take that one to the inn,” Cremia told her sister. Romani nodded as she carried the heavy container into town while Cremia went to another part of Clock Town. Romani’s container was putting a slight squeeze on her bladder, making a spurt of urine go into her underwear. Romani just crushed her thighs together, barely able to keep it under control.

To Romani’s relief the stock pot inn was near the entrance, but as she got to the inn she tried to open the door, but it was locked. As it turned out they weren’t open for another fifteen minutes. Romani just sat the container down, groaning in agony from her swollen bladder begging for release. She began grabbing her girlhood with both her hands, just fidgeting and twitching. She was trying desperately to hold it in, feeling another spurt of urine escape into her underwear.

Romani looked around and saw no one around, so she removed her hands from her girlhood to see the damage. She saw a noticeable dark spot on her white dress from rubbing it against her dampened panties. Grabbing her girlhood again, Romani just bit her lip nervously. She couldn’t hold it as she felt another spurt escape. It was enough to escape her underwear and start running down her leg and into her boots. She grabbed her girlhood as hard as she could, trying her best not to let her urine escape.

Romani saw the inn owner, a red haired woman in a red shirt with white sleeves, and a blue dress that appeared to have a strange pattern on the bottom. “Oh, hello, I guess our delivery arrived earlier than expected. Hello, sorry about being late,” Anju said greeting Romani, not expecting her at all, but she noticed her desperate appearance that confused her. “Um… are you alright?” Anju asked her, even though she already knew the problem.

Romani had tears welling in her eyes, cringing when she felt a twinge from her bladder. She couldn’t hold it in or wait another minute. “N-not really, c-can I use your bathroom?” she asked, not caring if Anju knew or not about how desperate she was. “Oh, um… yes, it’s down the hall, past the first door to the left,” Anju instructed Romani after opening the door. She saw her bolt off, running through the lobby and down the hall.

When Romani got to what she thought was the bathroom, she saw nothing but a hole in a weird closet that didn’t even appear to have a door, but she didn’t care as long as she could relieve herself. Romani began lifting up her dress, but before she could even pull down her damp underwear, a hand popped out of the hole and made her shriek and startle her. It made her jump back in surprise as she quickly fixed her dress. Romani started to feel herself losing control of her bladder. She jammed her hands back into her girlhood and crushed her thighs, doing everything she could to hold it in.

“P-paaaaper! I need paper!” the hand appeared to shout. Romani looked around, seeing no paper anywhere. “P-please! I need to use the bathroom! Please go away!” Romani pleaded and begged, but the hand didn’t seem to listen or care. “I need paaaaper!” it responded.

Romani tried to walk away but she felt another twinge, nearly falling over and catching herself on the wall. Romani began crying as she finally exploded. A torrent of urine began wetting her panties like water fossett. Pee was pouring out of her and running down her legs. Romani fell to her knees while she was peeing. She felt relieved but embarrassed as let out a moan, but while crying out at the same time.

Anju came along after hearing the cries and gasped, seeing Romani on her knees wetting herself, seeing a huge puddle of urine around her. Anju helped her up and examined her. The back of Romani’s dress was drenched and the front wasn’t much better, it was so wet it was actually dripping out urine. Romani had her face buried into her hands still crying. Anju patted her on the back. “Don’t worry, it happens to everyone at one point,” she said to her, trying to cheer her up after the long torturous morning she went through.

Anju went and got a towel for her, wrapping it around Romani to hide her accident. As she walked her to the lobby she heard the squishing noise of her socks in her boots being drenched with urine as well. Anju let her sit down in a chair while she got the milk container herself.

It didn’t take long for Cremia to come and look for Romani out of worry. When she arrived about ten minutes later, she was surprised to find Romani sitting in a chair with her dress and underwear soaked with her own urine. Anju explained what had happened. “That hand has caused us a lot of problems like this before. I should put in a second bathroom,” Anju said, partially blaming herself.

“It’s alright, I’ll take her home,” Cremia said, knowing it was nobody’s fault. She helped Romani up and walked her back outside of Clock Town to the wagon, helping her climb into the back of it so she wouldn’t have to ride up front in soaked clothing. Romani was just glad that only Anju saw her embarrassing accident.

*002*2012-08-26 02:20

{{: 

I thought of doing a Romani and Cremia omorashi, but I hadn't thought of a milk delivery scenario, just back at the ranch. This is really good though, I would love to see more zelda omorashi from you. The hand in the toilet was a good aspect.

}}

Thank's a lot, and i played through majoras mask a lot and during one of my recent playthroughs (while defending the wagon from the gorma brothers) this came into my mind, and there probably will be more i'm glad you enjoyed it, thank you again.

*004*2012-08-26 03:02

{{: 

Nice work on this, I can't wait to see what you got coming next.

And antifairy, I hope you decide to continue with Zelda omo stories as well.

}}

Thanks a ton i tried to do the phosporus one you suggested, but it didn't go well. And to be honest antifairy was one of the people who inspired me to even start writing let alone omorashi stories. I already got a few things planned next.

*007*2012-08-26 04:38

{{: 

This was good and I'm very interested in Zelda omo stories it's one of my favorite games. Currently playing Ocarina of Time. Looking forward to more Zelda omo.

}}

Thanks i am glad you enjoyed it, and i'll try to do more. I'm just glad to hear you liked it in general.

*008*2012-08-29 01:09

{{: 

I definitely will. Especially since I know there's at least 1 other person now interested in them

}}

Well to be honest my proofreader likes your stuff to. He just doesn't got the 'interest' we have to join the site.

