Anything to Confess? - Page 4

*076*2021-08-24 11:25

Since @PrincessPeeach asked hers chapter 34:

Liam

It’s not Aunt Ella but the voice is caring, calming and beautiful just the same. Still shaking, but no longer crying, and with my heartbeat very slowly returning to normal levels, the stranger beside me approaches me and asks if I am ok. It’s all starting to come back to me now. The phone call, the police, Lauren’s lies…

I answer her questions but my head is still spinning and my breathing shallow. I expect the stranger to leave me alone, but instead she sits closer and her presence is so soothing I actually want to hug her. She seems to want me to phone someone but Gareth can’t help me out of this one. No-one can. I’m all alone, well except I’m not.

Then I feel her touch me. Her hand rests on my shoulder and my body comes alive. She’s not hitting me like Lauren and her hand isn’t harsh or threatening but gentle, soothing and reassuring. I feel safe for the first time in a very long time, even if I am lost and cold.

Incredibly she sits down beside me with her own body stance copying mine, her long skirt hanging beautifully over her knees. She said her name but I can’t recall it even though I only heard it minutes before. Her voice is familiar, local, but yet different. Just familiar. And wonderful.

She asks me my name and when I say Liam Jude she smiles and says,

‘Rather appropriate really. He’s the patron saint of desperate situations and I pray to him a lot.’

I thought I was starting to come back to my senses but I’m not sure what she’s on about, though her voice and presence are lovely all the same. She must notice my confusion because she goes on to explain that my surname, Jude, happens to be some patron saint of lost causes and desperate situations. Of course it would. Kind of sums my life up really.

I’m starting to feel much calmer and although I still have no idea how to get back to my flat I try and stand up off the cold ground using the wall of the old church to support me. The girl reaches out her hand to help me and I take it to steady myself as I stand up. The world is still a bit blurry but some of the headstones are now stationary at least.

‘Where do you live Liam? Would you like me to help you home?’

She’s so kind, and so pretty and so very alike the girl in the launderette that I remember. I tell her my address and she puts her arm in mine to steady me as I take a few steps. I never want her to let me go, whoever she is.

Her arm is still in mine even though I get steadier with every step. We’ve just made it out the front gate of the church yard when she looks right at me and says something so sweet I want to kiss her.

“Liam, would you like a tea or coffee on the way back to your house? It might help you feel better. Then if you want you could phone your friend, what did you say his name was? Gareth, wasn’t it? I don’t like leaving you until I know you are ok. You’re not diabetic or anything are you?”

Other than Aunt Ella I can’t remember anyone caring this much about me and especially not a compete stranger. I smile at her and reassure her I’m not drunk or diabetic and that a warm drink would be great. I don’t know why but I actually tell her while we are walking slowly away from the church that I am sure I had a panic attack because I have had them before. I expect her to laugh or something but she just holds my arm tighter, tells me I’ll be ok and guides me towards what I vaguely think is a street that leads to the Bloomfield estate and the high street.

*078*2021-08-24 16:46

Not wanting to keep you all in suspense too long so here’s chapter 35:

Megan

Dad would call me gullible. Mam would call me an idiot. But what should a good Catholic girl do if she sees someone in distress? The Virgin Mary would sooth his wounds like she did with the beloved Christ and there’s a passage in the Bible about being a Good Samaritan. Maybe this is my way of gaining forgiveness for my sins? It doesn’t matter anyway because I can’t leave anyone in the state this young man is in, my conscience just won’t let me and neither will my faith.

I walk him, my arm firmly in his so he doesn’t collapse even though he’s taller than me, up Shorecross Road and towards the edge of the high street. There’s a lovely cosy cafe just on the corner and it’s also on route to my appointment at the council headquarters so I hope once the man has had a warm drink and a bite to eat he will know where he is and be able to get himself home ok. If he’s still disorientated I’ll decide what to do after we’ve been to the cafe, but whatever happens I can’t afford to miss my appointment with Mr McGintley at 2:30. As we walk slowly and steadily along the street I am suddenly so thankful for the £20 dad gave me just the other day to take Yasmin to a cafe for lunch. Ironically I would have taken her to this very one I am going to now had it not been raining that morning.

The man hasn’t spoken much, though each step he’s taking now seems more confident and assured and he appears less anxious and more connected. I keep my arm in his just in case as we cross the road to get to the cafe.

It’s an odd shaped cafe utilising the corner of a busy junction and more of an L shape but with an acute angle rather than a right angle. My family are well known around this area and I don’t want anyone gossiping about seeing me having coffee with a strange man so I guide the man towards a corner table right at the end. It’s table service but within minutes someone is with us and I look right at Liam and ask if he would like a tea or coffee. His eyes are familiar, deep and shining, even rather sexy, and that feeling of familiarity catches me by surprise once again.

‘I think something strong if possible. Coffee if that’s ok?’

I order two coffees and two bowls of home made soup, hoping this helps Liam feel better and with the added bonus that I won’t hear my stomach rumble when speaking with Mr McGintley later. As the waitress leaves our table Liam gently rests his hand on top of the back of mine on the table and whispers a gentle, ‘Thank you. Sorry I have forgotten your name?’

“Megan. My name is Megan.”

“Thank you Megan.”

He’s eyeing me up again and it’s sending shivers right through me. I am not looking at him directly but I can feel his eyes on me just the same. His presence isn’t threatening but still I feel my whole body warm and fuzzy and my heart jumps when he smiles at me, tears behind his eyes full of emotion and colour finally returning to his cheeks.

“Megan. What a beautiful name. Much much nicer than I ever imagined. You are lovely…”, he pauses, still looking directly at me, then he adds, almost in a whisper, “And beautiful.”

That word instantly jolts me as he continues. “I think we have met before, I was the one….”

We both finish his sentence as we both whisper in unison as his hand once again edges closer to mine on the table…

“From the launderette…”

And then he adds with a twinkle in his eye and a tear escaping down his cheek despite the glowing of his entire face…

“And the library? It’s really you?”

I can feel my face burning. It’s him. It’s really him!

*080*2021-08-24 18:20

{{1 hour ago, pwpj said:

Their paths have crossed! Aw!

}}

Finally

*082*2021-08-24 19:58

{{1 hour ago, Alltheomorashi said:

Getting multiple updates in one day is a blessing! I love this story

}}

Thank you. I’m aware that fir some too much can put them off but if people can handle a few chapters a day I’ll keep posting at that rate.

*084*2021-08-24 20:46

{{29 minutes ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Oh my gosh, this is amazing!! Two chapters in one day?!?!

}}

I’ll update a bit more frequently now since people aren’t being out off by too much so you’ll get two chapters a day now split throughout the day to give people a chance to keep up.

*085*2021-08-25 08:20

Chapter 36:

Liam

As we walk steadily towards the cafe I am getting more and more convinced it might be her. Her clothing, her sensible flat shoes, her voice, and her beautiful brown hair. It isn’t just my mind thinking it could be her too because I can feel my penis growing in my jeans with every step. Maybe it’s the touch of her arm in mine, the way she is looking after me, the way her hair blows on my shoulder and lightly touches me, her faint smell, the way her cheeks shine in the daylight, even the way she walks. The thought of having coffee with her is heavenly. This has to be fate.

Then her name. God what a beautiful perfect name, like that of an angel. As we sit down in the cafe and I see her face again any doubts I have instantly go. It’s her all right, the girl who has consumed my thoughts and sexual desires ever since that day in the launderette, the girl who I saw pee in the library and who then helped clean up my accident. How I have dreamed of meeting her again! But not like this! Not after one of my fucking crappy panic attacks. I don’t want her thinking I’m some idiot who can’t look after himself and is incredibly needy. God she’s already seen me acting like a bloody 5 year old unable to hold my own bladder! But I have to take what I’ve got and she’s just so absolutely beautiful I need to tell her…

Fuck she actually remembers me! Above the table my hands are shaking desperately wanting to hold hers, my face is flushed and a tear leaks down my cheek. Under the table my hard on is raging recalling this gorgeous young girl back in the launderette squirming. Hearing the coffee machine pouring out liquid instantly takes my mind back to hearing this girl pissing wildly in front of me in the laundrette and then again in the library. Oh fuck I need to kiss her so badly, but I just can’t.

We both smile nervously. I’m dying to tell her that I haven’t stopped thinking of her, how she has captivated me and how I have worried so much about what she said in the library! God the library! What if she’s in a relationship? What if my suspicions that she’s being badly treated are true? How do I find out without sounding an idiot or risking her running off? I’m about to open my mouth and speak but just then the waitress arrives. I’m so hungry! My toast feels like it was an eternity ago and the soup smells and looks utterly delicious. I’m so thirsty too. The running, the fear, the panic, it must have used up all my reserves and as I sip the coffee I know it’s going to be exactly what I need.

I’ve already started eating when I suddenly realise Megan has her hands clasped and her eyes closed and she’s mouthing something silently. I look up, my head down near my food as I spoon soup into my mouth like I’ve never eaten in months. She smiles. “Grace. I always say it before every meal.” I nod and carry on eating and drinking, my coffee half empty already.

“It’s like eating with our Iain. He’s just like you. Always finished before I’ve even sat down. I take it it’s nice then?’

“Delicious. Absolutely delicious. Who’s Iain?”

She sips her coffee and keeps me hanging just a few seconds more than I want. This is it. This is where she says she’s engaged, or married or even just dating. My heart is pounding and I down the last of the coffee in a oner as I’m so nervous. She puts her mug down, takes a spoonful of soup, then finally puts me out my misery.

‘One of my brothers. I have four. Oh and four sisters too.’

She smiles. Her lips are so perfect. So pink, smooth and desirable.

‘That’s a lot of siblings.’

‘It is, isn’t it. Especially in a three bedroom terrace with just one bathroom.’

There’s so much I want to say to that statement but I don’t want to scare her away or reveal too much. My heart is pounding again and I can feel sweat running down my back. It sounds like she still lives at home? Maybe that was why she had to pee so much at the launderette and maybe why she was so desperate to get to the bathroom in the library? Who knows? Just thinking of those memories has my dick swollen and pounding in my jeans. Tipping my soup bowl I get the last few spoons into my mouth then automatically pick up my empty mug of coffee to drink some, only to be reminded that it’s empty.

Megan notices and smiles as she eats her soup so delicately, so precisely, so perfectly.

‘You got time for a second coffee? I have an appointment at 2:30 but I have some time yet if you have room for more coffee?’

Shit! I forgot all about the fact I had an appointment this afternoon too. I glance at my watch, relieved to see I still have plenty time yet.

‘If that’s ok another coffee would be great. Thank you.’

*086*2021-08-25 14:42

Chapter 37:

Megan

He definitely seems much calmer, happier even. I am much more comfortable leaving him to go to my appointment than I was half an hour ago. He’s clearly not unwell, though judging how quickly he demolished his coffee and soup I reckon he might have been very hungry and thirsty. Maybe his blood sugar dropped suddenly or something?

I like him. Like really like him. When he goes to drink from his empty mug I instantly ask if he’d like another mug. I am so happy he said yes. So ridiculously happy. I take my time finishing my own soup and coffee and when the waitress returns I order another two coffees and two scones just because I actually have the money for once. He keeps staring at me, smiling, and I can tell he wants to say something but nothing comes out his mouth. We are still two total strangers, even if our lives have very briefly collided a few times before.

The silence is awkward and I am acutely aware this is a public place and I don’t want him mentioning either what happened in the launderette a few weeks ago or the library incident. People might overhear. I can’t ever allow that! So I decide to open conversation on something neutral.

‘You’re not from round here then? What brings you to Bangor?’

He hesitates, like he’s about to say something but then changes his mind. After a short pause he finally answers just as our second coffees and scones appear.

Nodding a thanks to the waitress his eye return to mine as he finally answers me.

“I needed a fresh start. My friend Gareth suggested Northern Ireland so I started looking for flats. When I said I had found one in Bangor that looked decent and wasn’t wanting silly money for a deposit he said he had family here but to be warned as his cousin had told him the council would change you to sit on the sand on the beach if they could! Seemingly, he told me later, that they had had a wheely bin stolen and set on fire and the council had charged them some ridiculous amount for a replacement or something. He also said he used to visit in the summer holidays as a kid and the only other thing he remembered was that the council had closed all the public toilets at the sea front. But, taking all that into consideration I rented the flat anyway.”

“Ah. Well you can blame my brother for one of those at least!”

“Iain?”

“No, he’s at university still. Shaun. He works for the council. Head of cleansing department. He would have set the price for the wheely bin. Didn’t close the toilets mind. That was another department. Shaun says it’s all down to money. I guess everything is when you think about it really.”

He takes a sip of his coffee but then almost spits it out in shock. I’ve no idea what I said but his eyes widen in curiosity and his eyebrows raise. It’s rather cute to be honest but I can’t help wondering what I said.

‘Shaun Murphy?’

‘Yes! His reputation precedes him again I assume? What’s he been charging you for then? Forgotten to get your uplift or something?’

‘Emmm. Nothing. He’s my…boss.’

I twiddle with my crucification necklace and look down in embarrassment. How dare I slag my own brother off to a stranger like that! What if he goes back and tells him? Oh God I’ll never hear the end of it now. I can’t look at him now, I’m so ashamed. With my head bowed and both hands now around my coffee mug I reply meekly.

‘Sorry. He’s a decent guy really. Just gets a bit passionate about his job. Even his wife says so at times but he’s honestly ok. I am sorry. I shouldn’t have said what I said.’

I hear him chuckle a little, quietly but audibly. He then reaches across the table and uses his index finger to lift my chin a little. It feels lovely to be touched by him, even by just his finger on my chin.

‘Nothing to apologise for. Anyway I’ve only been working for him a few weeks. Not even had my first wage packet yet in fact. I only know him because he did my training for a few days. Besides I’m sure he only charged Gareth’s cousin what one of those bins costs. I don’t suppose those things are that cheap anyway. And as for public toilets, we’ll they closed hundreds of those in England too so that’s not just a Bangor thing. Obviously the people deciding these things never need to use a convenience themselves eh!’

That made me smile, and even laugh a little.

‘So what do you do? You a bin man?’

The second I ask I feel silly. What business is it of mine anyway and I suddenly have this flashback to seeing him approaching the library with a high vis vest on and a litter picker and bin bags in his hand. God I feel stupid! Of course he’s not a bin man. He must think I’m an idiot!

‘Nah. Not been promoted to that yet. Just your average litter picker. Paid to pick up other’s crap, that’s me.’

I thought I’d regret asking him if he was a bin man…but then I say something even worse! If only the ground underneath me would swallow me up right now. Why oh why did I reveal my useless, good for nothing, benefit scrounger status to a stranger? The only thing redeeming me just a little is the extra bit I add on embarrassingly at the end.

“Well at least you are smart enough to get a job, unlike me….though I start a new job later this week. It’s only 8 hours a week mind you…”

*090*2021-08-26 08:29

Chapter 38:

Liam

Trust me to have a crush on my bosses sister! You couldn’t write my disastrous life if you tried! I guess I had better pull back a bit, though my crotch certainly doesn’t agree with that idea in any way. I didn’t cum last night or this morning and right now my dick is screaming at me. Thank fuck for the table hiding it!

I am determined not to drink this second coffee as quickly because I don’t want this time with Megan to end. I still can’t quite believe I am with her and a huge part of me feels this is all just a dream. But she’s there alright, chatting away to me like she’s known me forever. It’s so incredible. I’ve never just sat and talked like this with a woman. With Lauren it was intense from the word go. Like getting in a car for a Sunday drive only to discover you’re on a race track and every twist and turn is hazardous, precarious and gives you an adrenalin high. I should have known it would end badly. I should have seen the car crash coming miles away, but by then she had me well and truly belted in with the central locking on too! Just thinking of her causes that horrible panicky feeling to return.

But this is so different. It’s refreshing, easy, and natural, though my body could easy race forward to some physical stuff at the sound of a starting gun. Believe me when I say I’m all prepared and ready!

She tells me she’s just got herself a new job and I pat the back of her hand gently, gaze at her beautiful face and congratulate her. If I had the means I’d employ her myself to work for me 24/7 just so I could hear her voice and see her face anytime I wanted! I take another sip of coffee to try and calm my racing thoughts. Is it appropriate to ask what her new job is? I’ve told her mine so I guess so.

‘So what’s your new job then? I’m 100% sure it can’t be as bad as litter picker.’

‘Care assistant’

‘Wow! Now that’s a proper job. In a nursing home?’

‘No, though our Theresa works in one of those, just at the other side of town a few miles from here. I’m going to be caring for a young disabled girl. Take her out places to give her parents a break and give her time away from them too. I’m really looking forward to it but I’m really nervous too. Not sure when I start but I’ll find out later this afternoon I expect.’

‘Wow. That’s a big responsibility. Go you! I don’t suppose we’ll be meeting again in the launderette or library again then eh?’

I wink at her then suddenly regret it. I’m coming on too heavy and it’s not cool. I just have to mess up everything don’t I? Why did I have to bring those places up? Immediately I mention them she starts looking around anxiously, twirling her hair in her fingers and fiddling with her necklace. Her face turns red and she no longer gives me eye contact. I’m an idiot. What was it she said about my surname? Saint of lost causes and desperate situations I think. There I go living up to that again!

I think she’s about to get up and leave but she just moves her chair a little closer and her face is now so close I can feel her breath on my cheeks. God how I long to kiss her!

“I am really sorry about what happened in the launderette that day”, she says quietly, her cheeks turning pink and her eyes filled with emotion. “I have been to confession and asked for my sins to be forgiven. I was upset, fed up and bored waiting and I foolishly spent my money on gluttony and drank two much. I hadn’t even realised the launderette didn’t have…”

She pauses slightly to take a deep breath and check no-one can hear. She even takes a gulp of her coffee before finishing. I am captivated, on edge in every way possible and frozen in excitement and intrigue.

“Well… you know. It really was an accident and as I said I have done my penance and paid my price, though Father was so understanding. Still I am immensely sorry you had to see me like that.”

Oh God I need to reassure her! Think Liam think! Seeing her so wracked with guilt over something that was not her fault and which turned me on more than anything else ever in my life seems so wrong. I already know it was an accident, in fact that’s the very thing that makes it hot as hell and I know she did everything she could to not let it happen. Again that’s the very thing that is tattooed permanently in my mind and replayed daily. But I barely know this girl, well the real life version anyway, and my heart is beating so fast my mouth has gone dry. But I HAVE to say something. I HAVE to.

Drinking the rest of my coffee to moisten my throat enough to form coherent speech I only hope she can’t sense just how turned on I am right now, how much I lust after her, how much I want her.

“Please don’t apologise. Of course it was an accident. Of all people I know that. You only need to recall the terrible state I was in at the library remember? Now THAT was embarrassing! I can’t apologise enough for walking in on you like that. I really can’t. And then for…”

I look away, partly from embarrassment but partly so I can slip my hand down to my dick which is so erect, so desperate, and ever so close to leaving a mark on my jeans. I can feel my face burning and my hands shaking. I glance back at her and I’m sure I see the hint of a smile, a rosiness in her cheeks. She twiddles that necklace of hers again then shyly sits back again on her chair, removing that intimacy enough between us so that she now has to speak in a slightly louder volume.

“Probably best we just don’t talk about those things. Now you have had something to eat and drink you look so much better. You looked awful back at the church. I hope you don’t mind me saying so. Unfortunately, as I said, I have an appointment to get to so I hope the rest of your day goes ok Liam.”

She reaches out her hand to shake mine and I shake her hand praying I will see her again and screaming at myself to get her number. My mouth is open trying to find the words to ask her but before I can say anything she’s already standing up, pushing her chair in and she’s heading to the till to pay.

*092*2021-08-26 13:22

And now the chapter some of you have been waiting for, when we find out what happened when Megan was desperate in confession recently.

Chapter 39:

Megan

I hope he doesn’t think I was rude or anything but I had to end that coffee before things got too much. The way he winked when he mentioned the launderette and the library sent shivers through me. Has he been thinking about them both as much as I have? If so is it because he found it funny, or weird, or childish…or something else? The possibilities make my head spin. And I like him. I like him more than I think I can cope with.I actually wish he’d kiss me. What has come over me? I have never ever wanted a man to come near me let alone kiss me.

I have this sudden memory of him seeing me exposed in the library toilet and I realised I had, quite deliberately, missed that bit out when I was in confession. I missed a lot out about the library incident in confession, partly because it involved a man and partly because I was barely holding myself together in the booth, squirming like I had ants in my pants and holding myself in a very undignified manner. I did tell Father that I barely made it on time to the library bathroom and that I hadn’t even locked the cubicle door and that someone, a stranger, accidentally walked in on me.

I mentioned that they looked so so desperate to pee and that I didn’t immediately get off the toilet and put their needs before my own like a good Catholic should do. I confessed how I could see them dancing and hear them struggling outside the cubicle but that I selfishly carried on getting my own relief despite knowing that this might come with consequences. I told Father Reilly how guilty I felt about that and how my selfish act actually caused the other person to have an accident. The entire time I was talking I was so incredibly close to having my own accident in the booth too.

As always Father had been so understanding and sympathetic and he stressed to me that we can’t control other people and how I couldn’t possibly have known someone else would come into the toilet and have a need so urgent they couldn’t wait. With my hand between my legs bouncing on the confession chair he spoke about God’s compassion for us in our human frailty and how, as Catholics, we are representing God in all we do. He asked about how I responded to the other person when I had finished using the bathroom and, despite the fact I could feel dribbles leaking into my knickers no matter how much I wriggled and bounced, I did explain how I apologised and aided them in cleaning up. He praised me for that and told me that I was a good Catholic and a caring person and God was proud of me. I know God would not have been proud of what I did next though!

I thanked Father, he said the prayer of forgiveness which I then repeated, then I left and ran out the chapel so quickly I almost knocked over the holy water stand in my haste.I had planned to go home and use the bathroom, of course, but I absolutely couldn’t wait that long. I was barely holding on coming out the large front door. In a panic I raced through the graveyard to the back of the chapel and, in extreme desperation, I pulled down my tights and knickers, leaned back against the church wall and bent down only just in time as a loud strong stream erupted from between my legs and watered the paving slabs beneath me.

What made the whole situation so much worse was this strange feeling that came over me after my bladder finally emptied. I had had a taste of it previously as my mind tried to think where: It was in the launderette that day when I had been so bursting for so long in front of that man! The tingling all over my body that I felt, the lightheadedness, the moisture and wetness in my vagina that felt so different to just needing the toilet, the racing of my heart and the extremely strong urge to touch between my legs. I had thought it was all just my extreme need to urinate but even after my accident, in fact more so after it, that feeling and urge was still there, the swelling and wetness in my vagina which was much more than just the warmth of my urine soaked clothes.

I’d experienced it again days later when I’d been in this very chapel praying and really had to go then when I got home the boys were bathing and I couldn’t get in our only loo. I was able to act more on it that time and the feelings it gave me are almost indescribable.. Now behind the chapel that I have spent my whole life coming to, out in public with my tights and pants hanging at my knees and my back against the old dirty wall, I once again act on the feelings despite knowing I could get caught. 

I touch myself, stroking parts of my body that I have barely explored before and definitely never in this way! I’m fascinated and hypnotised by how open and wet that area is and how it moves against me as I slide a finger up, inside as deep as I can, until I can’t go any further. It makes my head spin like I’m on the highest rollercoaster ever built but I feel exquisite, hyper, as if I’m in another zone. It’s a feeling like no other and one which I assumed that I would only ever experience when being really desperate to pee or having held my bursting bladder for ages.

That was until Liam started talking about the library and the state he was in that day. My mind plays it all back on high speed while he’s sitting right in front of me , so close we can feel each other’s breath. I want to kiss him. I want to see him desperately needing to pee again so much. I desire with everything in me to see his penis in his hands, grasped tightly and rising and falling because it’s about to burst forth with warm urine. Suddenly I can feel that overwhelming need to touch myself, that throbbing between my legs, the warmth and shivers that I recall from the launderette, and in my bedroom waiting for the boys to finish bathing, and from hiding behind the chapel.

Not here. I can’t do what my body wants here! Father Reilly said I needed to work on my self control and now more than ever I need to resist. Going against every fibre of my body, every urge and desire, I force myself to stand up, pushing in my chair to prevent myself sitting back down and kissing Liam, and I focus on paying the bill and leaving before I regret it.

As I stand I blurt out in haste and embarrassment, terrified Liam can read my mind and see what’s happening in my body.

“Probably best we just don’t talk about those things. Now you have had something to eat and drink you look so much better. You looked awful back at the church. I hope you don’t mind me saying so. Unfortunately, as I said, I have an appointment to get to so I hope the rest of your day goes ok Liam.”

I hope he doesn’t think I’m rude. I just need space to calm down and get my thoughts back to reality…back to something wholesome and more Catholic like. At least I shook his hand. That’s all I can honestly manage.

*096*2021-08-27 08:49

Chapter 40:

Liam

I didn’t get her number. I didn’t fucking get her number! I’m so angry with myself as I watch her walk out the cafe and away out of sight. I know she’s got an appointment to be getting to and I don’t want to make her late…but I bloody forgot to get her number! Adrenaline surges through me and I just HAVE to get to her. The horror of never bumping into her again is terrifying. I jump off my seat, knocking the table with my knees and almost knocking the chair I was sat on over too. I steady the chair but I have no time to push it under the table neatly. Every single second matters in my mission to catch up with Megan. I race through the cafe, dodging tables and chairs in my way, and pull the door open, looking frantically up and down the street for any signs of her.

I think I see her as I stagger quickly past a mum pushing a buggy, an old age pensioner with a walking aid, and a middle aged man walking his dog. My heart is racing, my eyes darting everywhere in my urgency to find her. I think I can make her out further down the street as I build up speed but then I have to stop to cross a busy road. I can’t lose her, I just can’t!

Finally getting across the road I search up and down looking for her but I’ve lost sight of her now! Maybe she nipped into one for the nearby shops? I look in every window hurriedly, pushing open shop doors if the window display makes seeing inside difficult, then rushing onto the next one and doing the same. I don’t care what I look like I just need to catch Megan. I can’t let her go like this. I just can’t! 

At every side street I pause, just enough to scan in every direction possible for a brown haired long skirt wearing beautiful Irish girl who has stolen my heart. Nothing. The closer I get to the centre of town the more people there are in my way, the busier the shops and roads are and the more directions she could have went in. I can feel the panic rising in me again, and though it’s different from this morning, I am still fuelled by adrenaline and cortisol. I’ve broken into a sweat and my breathing is shallow, but unlike my attack this morning I still have my full senses and I am in control of my body. I know where I am, even if I don’t know where Megan is.

I slow down, the realisation slowly dawning on me that I likely won’t see her again. She’s gone. I need to accept that and carry on with my day. My pace is much more subdued, my feet dragging, my head downcast. It’s like I just found out I won millions on the lottery only to discover I threw out the winning ticket! I’m devastated. I need a moment to gather my thoughts and stop. My legs suddenly feel weak, my pulse slowing. The disappointment is overwhelming. I keep walking slowly forwards trying to think where the nearest bench is where I can sit down to calm down.

Then I remember the council headquarters not much further away. There’s a square outside the main entrance with a small garden and decorative fountain with benches around it. How could I forget? I have cursed that damn fountain every working day when the van drops us back to the building at the end of my shifts and my bladder is bursting. Seeing that fountain has almost made me piss myself so many times but for once the familiarity of it and the chance to sit down is hugely welcome. I head there, still crestfallen and still angry with myself.

One of the benches is free so I sit down with my legs apart and I bend forward to let blood get back to my brain again. I remember mum getting me to do this as a young child whenever I felt faint. It feels strange doing it as an adult and looking down at my own trainers but it’s definitely helping me calm. After a minute or so I feel confident enough to lift my head again and I check my watch. It’s 25 past 2 already! Taking a moment to look at the fountain and garden I try to refocus. I feel in my back pocket for my phone and for a second I am back panicking thinking I’ve dropped in somewhere. Then I am relieved to remember I left it in the flat in my haste to run out when Aunt Ella told me she’d told the police where I lived. I breathe a huge sigh of relief. God my life is such a mess!

I cross my legs and sit back in the bench letting my mind wander back to Megan. I can’t help wondering where her appointment might be when it’s like a flick switches on in my brain and I finally remember that I have an appointment this afternoon too! Shit, when was it? I remember finally that it was at 3pm in the council headquarters…coincidently the very building I am now sitting outside!

I may as well wait here and think about Megan a bit longer and admire that fountain. It’s too nice a day and too early to go inside yet, and besides there’s not enough time to get to my flat and back in time even if I’d wanted to.

*097*2021-08-27 13:26

Chapter 41:

Megan

I focus solely on getting to the council headquarters a mile or so down the road. I hated leaving so abruptly but it was getting too intense and the feelings in my body were consuming me too much causing my mind to think impure thoughts. If I had to go to confession earlier about what happened in mam and dad’s room yesterday then I definitely need to go now more than ever! What is going on with me? I’ve never had to confess so much in my life! I deliberately twiddle my crucifix and silently repeat the prayer of confession in my head while briskly walking, trying to clear my head of the impurity and debauchery that seems to have stolen my heart and body ever since that day in the laundrette.

I reach the building and walk past the decorative fountain and gardens that cost the council millions to install and go into the main door. The receptionist is older, but friendly and professional, and she smiles openly at me when I say I have an appointment with Mr McGintley. I fluster a bit knowing he’s a benefits advisor but not having any idea what department or floor that might be.

‘Welfare services?’

I nod. It sounds about right.

‘Floor 3. The lifts are through those doors to your right or if you go through the double doors immediately after them you’ll find the stairs. The waiting room is just to the left hand side.’

I decide to take the stairs and find the waiting room easily. Sitting down on a plastic chair I gaze around the area reading some of the posters. I allow myself to relax seeing the clock and noticing I am 20 mins early for my appointment. None of the posters or notices are particularly inspiring so I look and see if there’s any magazines to read while I wait.I see what looks like some under a small coffee table between some chairs and I stand up and walk across towards them. It’s only at this point I suddenly feel the effect of the two mugs of coffee earlier. I need the toilet but when I sit down with an old magazine on my knee I look around and can’t see any. There no-one at the desk area to ask either and no-one else in the waiting room who might know.

I can wait. There will be some somewhere and after I’ve seen Mr McGintley I’ll look around more. I cross my legs and try not to think about it. I skim through the old Woman’s Own magazine seeing if anything is worth reading. There’s an article about a woman who has just given birth to her third set of twins in 5 years, another story about an older woman who had cosmetic surgery that went badly wrong and another page about the five best pieces of equipment to use at the gym. I stick to the agony aunt page wondering what makes anyone think their problems can be solved by a weekly woman’s magazine ‘expert’ then put the magazine down again on the chair beside me. I could really do with finding the loos so stand up and look around to see if there’s any indication at all where they are but there isn’t. So frustrating!

Eventually Mr Gintley comes out with someone with him and they leave towards the lifts. He turns and sees me and smiles, beckoning me down the corridor to his office. I would have been far more comfortable if I could have had a wee first but nonetheless I am glad to see him.

The meeting goes well and he informs the government benefit department that I have a new job starting that week using a webpage and what my wage will be. He smiles over the computer, reassures me that it will be ok and he promises me I won’t lose out financially. I am more thinking that I hope the meeting doesn’t last too long because even with my legs crossed I can feel that familiar tingling between my legs screaming for my attention. I find out that he and Liz will pay me weekly directly into my bank account and he writes a note for me to remind me to bring details of my bank account when I start tomorrow night. He explains that my benefits are paid in arrears meaning I will still get more payments even after I start work and for me not to panic about that. My mind is already running ahead of me thinking about what I could use any extra money for. Maybe I could replace my broken mobile phone?

I lose track how long I am with him for but I am feeling grateful and pleased at all he’s sorting for me in such a short time. I openly tell him how long I have been unemployed since being made redundant from my last job but he isn’t phased at all and actually seems a little pleased. He says this will mean I qualify for a number of grants and he explains that I can get £150 towards starting costs like new clothing or shoes etc. I look at what I am wearing feeling very self conscious all of a sudden but he just smiles at me and reassures me that what I have on is perfectly fine and he’s not expecting me to dress up to take his daughter out.

The most interesting information he tells me though is regarding stuff I had no idea about: council tax and housing benefit. When he enquires about those I just shrug and when he asks about where I live I explain about being at home with mam and dad and Theresa and Anthony and Rory and Yasmin. He pauses to look right at me and asks how big the house is. That’s when I tell him it’s just a three bed terraced on the Bloomfield estate and that in summer and at Christmas the twins come back from university too. He looks shocked and jokingly says it sounds like the old woman who lives in a shoe nursery rhyme.

Apparently there’s such a thing as being in ‘overcrowded accommodation’ and that I would easily qualify to go on the council house waiting list, or if I chose to rent privately, I would get my rent mostly paid for me due to my low income. He says to phone him if I ever decide to do this and hands me his card.

I don’t know wether it’s the shock of finding out I could actually have my own place to live, or wether it’s the pressure from my bladder which has tormented me throughout the appointment and made me have to change position numerous times, but all I comment to him is,

‘You mean I could actually have my own bathroom and not have to share it with up to 10 other people?’

‘Quite possibly yes. Though I should warn you Miss Murphy that the current wait on the council housing waiting list is around 4 years. If you go down the private let route you will need to find a deposit and quite possibly furniture too. But it’s something to think about. That’s a big family you come from there.’

It definitely is and I should really get back to them before dad gets home from work and mam moans that I’ve been out ‘gallivanting’ all day. It’s a bit of a walk though and I had better find a loo first. I can’t risk getting home to find the bathroom in use again! Not after what happened yesterday!

*098*2021-08-27 16:34

{{On 8/26/2021 at 9:33 AM, CuteGirl said:

This story is amazing! I love it and set account only to follow it. I'm chuffed to bits by 2 chapters a day.

}}

I just wanted to say that this has really made my day. So glad you are enjoying it so much. I am loving writing it!

