Swimming around

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-07-13 15:36

Molly slipped into her one piece swimsuit in the changing cubicle, a fancy red, thrilly thing, if I may. After what felt like an eternity, she opened the door to her friend, Stephanie, scrolling through her phone and leaning against the wall.

"Oooo, look at YOU! Stealing everyone's hubbies today." Steph always hyped Molly up, it's what made them best friends.

"Mm, well if everyone's hubbies mean the old guy taking laps and the families taking their kids swimming, then maybe I'll pass." Molly got a punch in the arm for that one. Probably deserved, Steph was really trying.

Molly dived into the swimming pool, swimming towards her friend Steph with a wide grin on her face.

"Who knew taking me swimming would help me get over the breakup with Stu?" Molly bellowed over the public noise.

"We all know he was a piece of shit anyway. Come on! I wanna take you onto the slide!" Molly smiled in response but stopped on the spot after feeling a desperation growing in her bladder. Molly slid her hand down to her crotch, gripping it to maintain some composure, following Steph out of the pool shortly afterwards. With every step, her bladder sloshed its contents around, the water all around her wasn't helpful. Whilst Steph led Molly to the slides, Molly shoved a hand back into her crotch, doing anything to stop her piss from dripping out.

As soon as they reached the top of the stairs, Steph sat at the top of the slide, shifting her bum to get closer.

"Alright! I'm off!" And before she could say anything else, Steph was gone and the signal light switched from green to red. As Molly waited with anticipation, all she could hear was the water spraying in the slide. With her hand still shoved in between her legs, she walked in circles, squirming and bouncing to hold back the flood. Pee dripped out of her piss hole, one by one, creating a penny sized wet patch on the inside of the crotch of her swimsuit. Molly snapped both hands into her crotch and threw her head back, moaning quietly to herself.

"Oooo fuck, I'm gonna burst right here." As she wired her eyed shut, she could hear the signal go off, meaning her turn was up to go down the slide. Molly sat down and shuffled her bum closer to the slide entrance, every move causing her bladder to jolt. Before Molly could let go, a squirt of piss left her body, sending her hands snapping back to her crotch. A kid was behind her, looking at her funny, but she didn't care, she just wanted to gain composure on her own bladder. When Molly felt the pressure subside, she began to go down the slide. Every bump and every turn sent a shiver up Molly's spine, her bladder throwing and sloshing. She flew into the pool, a stream of piss squirming out in shock. As Molly flailed around underwater, scrambling at her pussy to stop it's stream, Stephanie swam over, pulling her out of the water.

"O-oh my god, I'm gonna p-piss myself, hurry! Get me out!" Molly breathed heavily in between her words, confusing Steph, but as soon as she heard the word piss, she knew exactly what to do. Molly flopped out of the pool, still pissing in her swimsuit in dribbles. Her urethra burnt in pain as she held back the larger flood with her hands, running to the toilet cubicles as Steph followed along a little bit slowly.

As she ran into the toilets, she jogged on the spot rapidly, moaning and wiring her eyes shut in fear as her hands clamped her quivering vagina.

"Ooo I need a wee I need a wee I need a wee!"

"Okay okay, uh Molly quick! Just go in the sink, I'll help!" Steph picked up one of Molly's legs, getting drips of piss on her hands. Molly scrambled to pull her swimsuit to the side, pissing uncontrollably, her vaginal muscles squeezing with all their might. Eventually, her wet vagina was on show and she let go, spraying her beautiful, warm piss into the sink. Another woman entered but quickly left after seeing Steph and Molly. They erupted into giggled as they realised what they were doing.

Not ideal, but fun! 😉

