The Best Worst Date

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2014-12-21 07:30

I've been in a writing mood since the semester finished. I took this idea from the request thread. Hope you like it!

###

Aubrey grinned when she saw Jarrod's car pull into her driveway. It was their sixth date, and it marked the first time she'd agreed to let him drive her, rather than just meeting him at the restaurant. Meeting people online, you know; you can't be too careful!

Jarrod shifted nervously in the driver's seat as he put the car in park. He was pleased with how the relationship was going so far, but he didn't want to seem too eager. Play it cool and all that. Still, He thought Aubrey was gorgeous, witty, and so much fun to be around, and he found himself hoping they could be one of those dating site success stories you see on the TV commercials.

Jarrod straightened his jacket as he stepped out of the car. Since Aubrey had complimented his sense of style on their second date, he'd taken special care in choosing his outfits. Since he was taking her to the nicest restaurant in the county, he picked a classic black suit, accessorized with a dark green tie (to match Aubrey's eyes, though he wouldn't tell her that). As he stood, however, he felt gravity pull on the contents of his bladder. He'd been held late at work and rushed to get ready in time. Foolishly, he realized, he hadn't gone to the bathroom before driving to Aubrey's house. Jarrod grimmaced slightly, but made his way to Aubrey's front step.

Aubrey inhaled and shook her hair before smiling wide and opening door.

"Hey!" she trilled, reaching in for a hug.

Jarrod beamed, his round, boyish face lighting up at the sight of her. Aubrey looked stunning in a deep red bandage dress. There's no way I deserve someone this hot, he thought to himself.

To tell the truth, Aubrey herself was surprised at how much she enjoyed being around Jarrod. He was somewhat shy, and far quieter than the men she usually dated. She'd been hesitant to try online dating - she was only 24! - but when she moved to a new town for her job, she'd struggled to meet guys spontaneously. Jarrod's online profile had mentioned Aubrey's favorite band, so she'd sent him a message. Now, one month and five dates later, she'd discovered that Jarrod was thoughtful, intelligent, and unfailingly sweet. Sure, she did most of the talking and he had a tendency to blush at the slightest tease, but Aubrey liked him and was eager to see the relationship progress. In fact, she'd decided that tonight was the night to bring up the whole idea of a relationship - make it official.

Jarrod walked Aubrey to the car and opened her door for her. As he he shut the door behind her, he quickly clenched his thigh muscles, annoyed at the twinges coming from his bladder. It made him blush just thinking about having to ask directions to the restroom in front of Aubrey, but the alternative was far worse.

At the restaurant, Jarrod handed his keys off to the valet, trying to act like this was something he was used to. He offered his arm to Aubrey, who grinned at the gallant gesture. Inside the restaurant, Jarrod gave his name to the maitre'd, who assured them their table was ready. The waitress, a crisp-looking middle-aged woman named Sharon, led them to the corner of the restaurant, softly lit by candles. Jarrod pulled out Aubrey's chair, then, embarrassed, turned to the waitress.

"Can you please point me toward the restrooms?" he asked softly, half hoping that Aubrey wouldn't hear.

Sharon tilted her head apologetically. "I'm so sorry, sir, but the men's restroom is out of order. We've made an arrangement with the club next door in the meantime; you're welcome to use their facilities."

Jarrod paled at the thought of pushing his way through a strobe-lit crush of bodies. "Never mind," he muttered, sliding into his seat. He'd be fine. Dinner wouldn't last that long, and the movie theater would certainly have functioning bathrooms. Jarrod pressed his thighs together under the table and sighed.

Aubrey, thankfully, was too entranced with the extensive wine list to notice Jarrod's state. "These pino grigios look fantastic!" she exclaimed. "I don't know which to pick!"

Aubrey's enthusiasm took Jarrod's mind off his still-filling bladder; she was so beautiful when she got excited. "I guess you'll have to try more than one," he told her.

Aubrey looked up and flashed a luminous smile. "Trying to get me drunk, Mr. Alton? My goodness, what's a lady to think?"

Jarrod blushed and looked down at his plate. "You know you can get whatever you want," he murmured.

Aubrey shook her head and smiled. "You're sweet. And you are far too easy to tease. What do you do in situations that are, I don't know, actually embarrassing?"

Jarrod forced a laugh, hoping his face wasn't as red as it felt. To him, having to actively hold back his urine while sitting across from a gorgeous girl was "actually embarrassing." He subtly rubbed his thighs together and changed the subject, asking Aubrey what she thought she was going to order.

Sharon the waitress returned, and Aubrey gleefully ordered a glass of pino grigio and an appetizer of steak carpaccio. Jarrod cringed at the thought of multiple courses.

"I'll stick with water," he demurred when Sharon turned to him, reluctant to add any alcohol to his system. "And do you mind if we order our entrees..."

"You're not getting a drink?" Aubrey interrupted, laughing. "You're making me look like a lush! Come on, dude, you can't neglect this fabulous wine list. Look, they have a '92 malbec!"

Jarrod was too flattered that she remembered his favorite wine to argue. "I hadn't seen the malbec. Of course, I'll have a glass of that, please."

Aubrey beamed, pleased that he'd taken her suggestion. "That's better! You're going to have fun tonight. I'll make sure of it."

Jarrod couldn't help but smile at the breathtaking woman sitting across from him. Aubrey's boundless optimism made him feel like everything would work out. He'd be able to hold it through dinner, and Aubrey would be none the wiser to his desperation.

Sharon brought their wine and a basket of rolls with reasonable speed. Jarrod took this as a good sign. They'd finish dinner quickly, and he'd be fine.

"Cheers!" Aubrey smiled, raising her glass. "Drink up!"

Jarrod clinked his wine glass against Aubrey's, took a tiny sip, and immediately regretted it. It was as if those few drops of wine appeared directly in his bladder. He twitched slightly, reflexively squeezing his knees together, thankful for the relative darkness of their corner table.

As they waited for their food, Aubrey kept up her traditional stream of chatter, telling Jarrod stories from work and relaying the latest local gossip. Jarrod smiled and nodded along, enjoying the sound of her voice and infectious enthusiasm.

Then Sharon arrived with the appetizer, breaking Jarrod's pleasant reverie. The interruption startled Jarrod, and as he sat upright, he felt the smallest bit of urine slip from his body. Jarrod gasped softly, urgently pressing his legs together. Aubrey, who'd turned to see Sharon approaching, didn't notice. Jarrod mentally cursed himself. He couldn't allow any more lapses of control and would have to be more disciplined until they got to the theater.

Jarrod ate the few bites of carpaccio that Aubrey offered him, only half-listening to her stories. He slowly crossed his legs under the table, thinking of ways to casually speed up the meal. Fortunately, Sharon brought their entrees a short time later. By that point, Jarrod was consistently clenching his thighs, but he was still sure he could make it through dinner.

As Jarrod did his best to look casual, Aubrey remained oblivious. She was unused to fancy meals and was enjoying every bite of food, unaware that her date's muscles remained tightly coiled under the table cloth and not for reasons that usually indicated the date was going well!

The fancy meal worked in Jarrod's favor, as Aubrey all but wolfed down her food. Sharon smiled as she approached the table, asking if they enjoyed their meals. Jarrod tried to smile and nodded slightly, but Aubrey practically squealed with joy.

"It was delicious! I ate every bite!" she laughed.

Sharon looked amused. "Is there any room for dessert, then?"

Jarrod started to shake his head. He'd already placed his napkin back on the table, ready with some excuse about traffic on the way to the theater or the popularity of the movie, but Aubrey spoke over him "We'd love some!"

Jarrod gasped quietly as Sharon started reading the dessert specials. He felt another quick stream of urine slip from his bladder and involuntarily grasped at his crotch. He tried desperately to relax his upper body as he gripped tightly below the table, trying to regain control.

Aubrey turned her attention back from the waitress, blind to Jarrod's anguish. "Doesn't that sound delicious?" she was saying.

Jarrod was grateful for her apparent oblivion. He had no idea what she'd ordered, but he nodded ardently. "Sounds great!" he gulped, but nothing sounded great. His last lost of control was unnerving, and he was still shaking. He'd managed to ignore his need throughout dinner, but the combination of food and the small amount of wine he'd drunk had pushed him to the brink of collapse. He couldn't bring himself to release his grip on his dick, and he couldn't imagine how he was going to get out of this situation.

Sharon brought the dessert, some sort of elaborate berry concoction, within minutes, but Jarrod's control remained tenuous. Aubrey joyfully dug into the dessert before holding out a spoonful to Jarrod. "You have to try some!"

Jarrod smiled tightly and shook his head. "I-I'm too full from dinner," he managed to choke out. "It's all you."

Aubrey grinned. "Letting me have all the dessert - I knew I liked you!"

Jarrod couldn't even enjoy the compliment. He was now peeing a thin but consistent stream, even through the grip of his hand. He felt his boxers dampen, and his whole body shuddered with terror. By the time Aubrey finished the dessert, Jarrod had a sizable wet patch in his lap. His breaths were shallow and nervous; his bladder still felt painfully full.

Meanwhile, Aubrey sighed with contentment. "Mmmmm! That was ridiculously good. I'm so full, but you know I'll probably still get popcorn at the theater. What do you think, Jar, you ready for the movie?" She slipped reached her foot under the table and lightly tapped Jarrod's calf.

Jarrod jumped at the unexpected contact, and Aubrey giggled at his seemingly uptight manner. What she didn't see was that, as soon as Jarrod started in his seat, he began wetting forcefully in his seat. Jarrod's face flamed with humiliation as urine gushed through his pants and into the cushion of the chair. Jarrod felt uncomfortably warm, and sound seemed muffled. He hung his head dejectedly as he felt the stream of piss slow.

Aubrey watched in confusion. Maybe she'd crossed a line by brushing her foot against his leg under the table, but his reaction struck her as extreme. even for him. "Jar?" she asked softly, barely nodding at the waitress, who had just set down the check.

Jarrod couldn't bring himself to look up. His face was redder than it had ever been, and he felt tears sting his eyes. He wasn't just mortified at his accident; he knew this was the end of his chance with Aubrey. And would the restaurant charge him for ruining the chair? He'd have to clean his car after driving home. God, was this suit dry-clean only? How would he explain that to the cleaners?

While Jarrod was lost in his thoughts, Aubrey grew increasingly concerned. "Jarrod, say something," pleaded. "What's going on?"

When he still didn't respond, Aubrey grabbed her chair and slid over next to him. Jarrod cringed and turned away, almost imperceptibly. Aubrey reached for him, gently laying her hand on his shoulder. "Is it something I did? Are you sick? Jarrod, what can I do to help?"

If he'd been thinking properly, Jarrod would have savored what he thought were these last few moments of affection from Aubrey, but he was too mortified to say anything.

Aubrey grew increasingly troubled. To say something was wrong seemed like an understatement. What could have gone wrong to render Jarrod so unresponsive? She gazed at his profile, looked down at his nearly-empty plate...and then her gaze was drawn downward, as the flickering candlelight glinted off something in his lap. Jarrod kept his head turned away from her, but Aubrey stared down at Jarrod's crotch. Was it...wet? She glanced quickly at his empty wine glass and full water goblet. He hadn't spilled anything, and it looked like an awful lot of liquid...

Aubrey straightened slightly as a potential explanation dawned on her. "Jarrod?" she started softly. How do you ask a 26-year-old man if he just peed in his pants? "Jarrod, did you...honey, did you have an accident?"

Jarrod swallowed painfully. This was it. Humiliated, sitting in a puddle of his own cooling urine - what shameful way to end a promising relationship.

"I-I'm sorry," he whispered. He wasn't sure he could say any more without crying.

Aubrey's chest felt warm. She wasn't disgusted; on the contrary, she felt a flood of tenderness toward her shy, soft-spoken date. Jarrod had been so pleased to have gotten a reservation at this place, and she knew he'd dressed especially nice for her. She felt a keen sense of sympathy, knowing that he wasn't the type of person to laugh off something like this.

"OK," Aubrey declared, sitting up in her chair. "It's OK. We'll just get you home and cleaned up. No big deal."

Her words were enough to jerk Jarrod out of his ashamed haze. He looked incredulously at the woman next to him.

Aubrey was still talking, describing her plan. "You don't have to get up until the check is taken care of. The valet service has an app; we can text them to have the car ready when we walk out. Your pants are dark, no one will see!" Aubrey tried to bring a sense of control and nonchalance to the situation, sounding much more confident than she felt.

Jarrod's lower lip trembled. He'd been so sure Aubrey would laugh at him, or storm out in revulsion. He was oddly glad that Aubrey had a plan, because he still couldn't bring himself to see a way out.

"I'm..." Jarrod's soft voice caught slightly. "I'm so wet," he murmured apologetically.

"It's fine," Aubrey replied, just as quietly. "You can use the napkin to get some of the...excess..." God, there really was no un-emasculating way to tell a man to sop up urine from his lap, was there?

Jarrod numbly reached for his napkin. Audrey saw the waitress approaching and reached for her purse. This small gesture startled Jarrod, who gently stopped her with his dry hand. Still blushing, he silently shook his head and pulled his thankfully-dry wallet out of his pocket. He may have just committed the most humiliating act possible in front of his date, but he was still a gentleman. He pulled out enough cash to cover a generous tip and placed it in the check folder.

Sharon didn't seem to notice anything wrong as she smilingly picked up the money. "Keep the change," Jarrod told her, trying to keep his voice from shaking. He still had one hand under the table, blotting at the urine on his pants with his napkin.

Once Sharon was gone, Aubrey again looked toward Jarrod. "OK?" she whispered. Jarrod nodded, still unable to meet her eye. "Good. I'll text the valet."

In another minute, without saying a word, Aubrey placed her hand under Jarrod's elbow and guided him to his feet. As he turned, Aubrey glimpsed down at the back of his pants. The wetness was substantial, but she doubted anyone would notice in the relatively dark restaurant. Still, she positioned herself slightly behind him in an effort to protect him from prying eyes.

Jarrod walked quickly, with Aubrey nudging him lightly from behind. The urine was cold and chafing on his pants, and he was sure people would be able to smell him. He barely registered Aubrey's caring, protective touch.

Outside, Aubrey was prepared for the valet. She slipped him a tip and grabbed the keys, placing them into Jarrod's hands. Jarrod moved automatically to the driver's side and slid behind the wheel. In the privacy of the car, Aubrey softly touched his arm.

"Are you OK to drive?" she asked. Jarrod had barely said a word since his accident, and she was mildly concerned about his state of mind.

Jarrod swung his head from side to side, trying to shake off the fog of mortification. "Yeah. Yes." He had no pretensions of recovering any dignity, but he would rather drive Aubrey home first.

Aubrey didn't dare say anything else on the drive back to her house. She was too busy trying to think up what to say when he dropped her off. Obviously, the 'define-the-relationship' talk would come off as disingenuous after Jarrod's accident, but she wanted to let him know that it didn't bother her. In fact, she found his vulnerability oddly attractive, though she'd never say that to him (at least not tonight).

All too quickly, Jarrod pulled into Aubrey's driveway. He kept his head down as he parked the car; he felt rude not walking her to her door, but he couldn't bear getting out of the car in his cold, urine-soaked pants.

Aubrey paused before opening the car door. She decided to go for a straightforward approach.

"OK, look," she began. "I think it's safe to say that tonight didn't go the way either of us wanted it to."

Jarrod snorted in derision. Here it comes, he thought.

"But, believe me, I've had far worse dates," Aubrey continued. For the first time, Jarrod looked at her, stunned at what he was hearing. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry this happened to you," Aubrey was saying emphatically. "I wish it hadn't, but just for your sake, not for mine. I genuinely enjoy spending time with you, and, if you're OK with it, I'd like to keep doing just that."

"But..." Jarrod could barely form coherent thoughts. She wasn't rejecting him? "But I..."

"You wet your pants," Aubrey interrupted drolly. "You had an accident. I'm not going to try to comfort you with shitty platitudes like 'it happens,' because, let's be honest, it kind of doesn't, but I don't care. I like you, Jarrod. I like you. And I want to see you again. I want you to go home, put on clean clothes, do whatever you need to do to make yourself feel better, and then call me up whenever you're ready and ask me on another date. Because I'm going to say yes."

Jarrod was utterly bemused. None of this made sense: he'd peed on himself in the most expensive restaurant in town, in front of a beautiful, incredible girl, and now he was sitting in her driveway in still-wet pants, listening to said beautiful, incredible girl say she wants to see him again?

"Jarrod!" Aubrey was smiling now, snapping her fingers in front of his eyes. "Do we have a deal? You'll call me"

"Yes! Um, of course," Jarrod stammered.

Aubrey grinned, much like she had when Jarrod had pulled up at the start of the night. "Good," she chirped. She leaned over, kissed him on the cheek, and bounced out of the car, as if everything had gone to plan.

Jarrod couldn't think straight. He still couldn't comprehend the totality of the night's events. As he sat in distracted silence, he suddenly felt his lap growing warm. His over-taxed bladder was releasing again on it's own accord, re-wetting his pants and the seat of his car, but Jarrod had no more energy for shame. He may be having an accident for the second time in an hour, but he'd do just what Aubrey said: go home, get cleaned up, and then call her to ask her out again.

*004*2014-12-25 04:14

{{: 

I love this a lot!!! :) i really hope you continue their story - or make new ones. kudos!

}}

Thanks! I don't know if I have any more ideas for this story, but I'll try to come up with something a bit longer, more involved.

