Another note

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2011-04-02 15:45

Faust does not own the rights to death note, nor is he the first one to write a fic based on this brand of spinoff.

Although Zryouki inspired Faust, Faust insists the storyline will be a tad different, and he intends to post several chapters as well.

Faust insists you all read Zryouki's though, as it is wonderful.

Chapter 1:

The sun shone through the window, as a bell rang out through the classrooms, the teacher sighing as she finished writing on her chalkboard.

"Alright then, Class dismissed." she called as the students filed out.

"Oi.....I'm exausted.." Faust called out, as a familiar pink head of hair moved over.

"Yuno thought it was a rather informative lesson." Yuno called back, smiling as she watched the boy moving towards his locker, turning.

"Go on to lunch, I'll be there in a minute." he called, as the pink haired girl nodded, watching as a purple haired girl seemed to storm off, holding her crotch tightly.

Hm? Kusuri-chan must have been holding it all during class.. Faust thought to himself as he put in the combonation to his lock, clicking it open.

However, to his surprise, a small black notebook fell out, hitting his feet.

"Huh?" he spoke, picking it up as he flipped through it, noting the thing to be almost completely blank. As he made it to the front though, he noticed someone had written on it.

"How to use it...?" he called, looking down a bulleted list.

"The person whose name is written in this..." he started, before hearing a voice call out.

"Fauuust~" the sing-songy tone of Yuno's voice called, causing the boy to fumble with the book, and turn.

"C...Coming." he called as he started along, carrying the book with him as he walked.

~~~~

"Yuno will be right back, she just has to go freshen up~" Yuno called to Faust as she pranced off, the boy nodding.

"Okay, Got it." he called lightly, before looking back at the black notebook.

He had been helping Yuno with math work during lunch, and as such, used one of pages inside to write on. He'd just finished the last problem before lunch, but he'd forgotten something important.

"Alright, just need to write my name in it.." he mused, as he started, before suddenly stopping, as he flipped back to the front pages.

The person whose name is written in this book, shall lose control of their bladder

'Woah....Good thing I read this first...' he thought, as he tore the page out, lightly.

Dammit, that meant he had to re-do all of his work. Not that it would really be too hard, so much as it would be time consuming. However, that was beside the point. He went back to reading the book, as he looked down.

Details pertaining to the wetting may be written in during this time. If no details are written, the person will simply wet at the 40th second.

Faust stood, rather confused at this. Here was a book, claiming to make people lose control of their bladder...simply by writing their name down? Preposterous.

"I mean, what kind of..." he started as a familiar voice rang out.

"Fauuuuuuusttt~" Yuno's voice called out, causing the boy to jump up, closing the book as Yuno stood before him, her hands clasped together and her head bowed over.

"Wh-what is it Yuno?" he called as the girl raised her head, giving him the most heart wrenchingly pouting faces he'd ever seen.

"Yuno thinks she lost her assignment." she called, lightly. "Yuno was checking her bag, and it must have flew out or something. Yuno really really needs the grade for this assignment or..."

Faust almost reflexively tore out the page and handed it to her, closing his eyes a bit.

"Okay, okay, I understand..just..don't make that face." he called as the girl smiled warmly.

"Thank you Faust~ I'll make sure to repay the favor~" she called as she hugged the boy tightly, before taking the paper, and pulling out a pencil. "Yuno will just have to adjust it a bit so that the teacher doesn't figure it out...."

Faust sighed internally, having just lost his awnser sheet as the warning bell rang. Had it been any other class, he could have just looked over and copied off of the paper on Yuno's desk, but the math teacher didn't seem fond of Yuno, and as such, refused her the right to sit next to him. Well, Faust understood, but still....

As he took his seat, he started to re-do his awnsers (this time in a normal notebook), in a rush to finish before class started. The bell soon rang, signalling class, the teacher walked in, closing the door.

"Alright Class, hand in your homework assignments." she called, snapping down a ruler. Faust continued to write feverishly, about halfway through the assignment as the teacher moved over to his desk.

"Mr. Necromonium." She called, standing next to him as she looked at his paper. "Didn't do the assignment?"

Faust gulped, before looking up at the woman.

"I...uhhh.." he started as she snatched the paper up, shredding it into tiny pieces.

"You should know better than to wait until the last minute to do assignments. You will get a zero for this assignment, and you will be seeing me afterschool...in detention."

Faust paused, but nodded.

"Y...yes M'am." He called, nodding quietly as Yuno's hand shot up.

"Zakura-sensei? May Yuno go to the restroom?" the pink haired girl called, fidgeting in her chair a bit as the teacher turned.

"It's Murayama-sensei to students." the teacher called, sharply. "And No. Yuno will have to hold it."

Yuno shook more in her chair, as she sat. "But Yuno really has to goooo~" the girl called, as the teacher moved over to her.

"You're going to have to hold it." she called, with a sharp, commanding tone. "It's unbecoming of a lady to request the toilet so openly. So you'll just have to.."

"Yuno can't!!!" Yuno's voice interrupted, as a loud hissing sound filled the room, Yuno's bladder having decided to empty itself without her permission. The whole class fell silent, as the teacher stared in mute horror.

Faust cringed. But...Yuno had gone before class. It didn't really make sense for her to have to go again so soon.

Unless....

His eyes flickered back to the notebook, lightly.

No, it couldn't be...

"Detention, Miss Gasai." the teacher's voice called, breaking the silence as she glared at Yuno. "For such unladylike behavior in the middle of my class. You're lucky I don't expell you on the spot."

Yuno sniffled a bit, as she looked up. "Can...Yuno go to the nurses room?" she asked, as the teacher slammed a hand down on her desk.

"NO!" She called. "IF YOU'RE GOING TO DISRUPT MY CLASS, and then Pee yourself like an unruly baby, then you'll have to sit in it like one."

Yuno sniffled, as she buried her face in her arms, some definite sobbing heard under the desk.

Faust squeezed his mechanical pencil, tensing it to the breaking point as the teacher belittled Yuno. How dare she be so rude to someone who'd just had an accident?

The math teacher was one of the worst people he'd met in his lifetime, but he didn't think she was that bad.

He wanted to say something, but his brain then clicked.

Looking back at the notebook, he opened up to one of the pages.

Perhaps....

"Alright class, now if you'll turn to page 231, we can begin today's lesson.." the teacher called, as Faust prepared his pencil, thinking.

Her name.....the teacher's name was Sakura.....or was it Zakura? He doubted the second one, though he still didn't know all of the rules. Did it have to be her first name? Her last one? Both? He wasn't entirely sure. So there was only one way to get this to work. Taking his pencil, he began to write.

Sakura

Sakura Murayama

He then looked at the clock, as he watched time clicking by. 40 seconds....If the notebook worked, then she would...

Oh, what was he thinking? Faust quickly erased the two names, as he hurried to just copy down the problems. Sure, it would serve the teacher right, but would he really want to make the teacher embarass herself in front of all of her students?

.....Well, he wanted to get back at her, but there were better ways to go about it. He didn't have to force something like that.

The Lesson continued on, as the teacher continued lecturing everyone, the schoolday coming close to an end. Faust breathed a sigh of relief as they approached the last few minutes. In just a bit, they could get out of this class, and head home. He knew that notebook was a sham. I mean, a book that...

"Ugh.....what..." the teacher's voice called out, as Faust looked up, the teacher's legs starting to twitch as she lowered a hand. "This is...."

Yuno's eyes flickered as she heard the teacher, noticing as herlegs were bent at the knees, and she started to crouch over.

"Hm? Miss Murayama?" She called as the teacher turned.

"Y..You guys study on your own until I...." the teacher called as she staggered toward the door, before suddenly falling to her knees.

"Murayama-sensei?" Several of the students called, as the teacher's face burned bright red.

Moments later, a loud gushing sound came from the teacher, her tight skirt turning a darker shade of black as a puddle much larger than Yuno's pooled out from under her, the teacher cringing.

"L...Leave.." she called, as the students gawked at her.

"But what about..."

"I SAID LEAVE! CLASS DISMISSED, WHATEVER, JUST GET OUT!!" she called as she doubled over, the students gathering their things and headed out of the classroom, Faust moving to Yuno's side.

"Zakura-sensei got what was coming to her." Yuno spoke firmly, as Faust patted her shoulder.

"Yeah, she shouldn't have kept you in class like that." he called in response. "But...didn't you...you know..."

Yuno flushed a bit at this, but nodded.

"Yuno went before class...but she must not have gotten it all out." she mused quietly, as she clung onto Faust. "Yuno's parents are going to be mad at her..."

Faust paused, being quiet as she said this. He didn't ever meet her parents face to face, but from what he heard from her, they weren't very pleasant. If they got mad at her for a C on a report card imagine if....

"You can come to my place and wash your clothes." he called before thinking. "That way, no one but us will know."

Yuno perked up a bit, as she held Faust tightly.

"Thanks Faust~" she called as she snuggled him. "You're the best."

Faust chuckled lightly, as a janitor moved towards the classroom, mop in hand.

"Ugh, what's that smell?"

To be Continued: *Chapter 2 to come as soon as Faust can break it out*

*004*2011-04-03 01:32

{{:

Good stuff, good stuff! Looking forward to more, and curious as to why Yuno lost control... It's the first time I've heard of a notebook having names when found.

}}

Well think about it. The page was originally in the Note.

Faust handed it off to Yuno before writing his name down.

So it was Yuno's Paper then, which she'd have to turn in. What would happen if you wrote your own name in the book?

Faust is working on the next chapter, but let's put it this way:

This version will make you think a lot more. If you look over it more, you'll notice a few other things, and maybe see some future plot points.

^^~

Maybe. Or maybe just some spelling/Grammatical errors. Faust isn't sure. XP

*008*2011-04-03 22:29

Chapter 2: Finishing the day up, and slight foreshadowing.

Faust and Yuno boarded their bus, the pink haired girl taking the inner seat as Faust sat beside her, thoughts racing through the boy's head.

The teacher had actually wet herself....but he'd erased her name, and it was way longer than fourty seconds. Surely...

"Is Faust okay?" Yuno's voice called. "He seems a bit tense.."

Faust paused, before shaking his hand at her.

"Yeah, I'm fine." he called. "I was just...thinking..."

Yuno paused, before giving a sneaky grin.

"Were you thinking about Yuno~?" she called, as she smoothed out her skirt, the stain still very much visible.

Faust's face flushed a bit, as he turned his glance out to the rest of the bus.

"M...maybe...." he called, as a flash of purple caught his eye.

Kusuri, the girl he'd seen running off earlier. However, as he looked, he noticed something was wrong.

She was fidgeting in her seat. The poor girl seemed to cross her legs more and more as the ride continued, Faust pausing a bit. Was she....

"Ohhh, Faust~ if you wanted to do ecchi things with Yuno, all you have to do is ask you know." Yuno's voice interrupted, causing the boy to flush deeply.

"I...I uhh..know.." he stammered lightly as the bus made several stops, Faust trying to relax as the bus moved, noticing the purple haired figure moving about more and more she seemed rather desperate.

The girl seemed to tense up, but relaxed more and more. Faust couldn't tell if she'd make it or not. There were a few more stops before theirs, and as such, she seemed nervous. He hoped..

"Fauuuuuustttt~" Yuno's voice called out in a pout. "Yuno knows you don't like riding in vehicles, but you should talk with Yuno more."

Faust turned back, nodding.

"Y-yeah...sorry.." he called as his eyes turned back to Yuno, the patch on her skirt catching his eye again.

Yuno's eyes flickered a bit, as she lifted up her skirt, giving Faust a quick view of white and yellow, before the boy flushed and looked away.

"Oh~ Faust is so easy to fluster~" She cooed. "It's not like Faust hasn't..."

The girl was quickly silenced by Faust pressing his lips to hers, the girl falling silent as she flushed deeply.

"Let's not talk like that on the bus, okay?" he called, the girl nodding silently as she turned back, musing something quietly to herself as the bus slowly pulled into their stop, Kusuri rocketing to the front of the bus with her legs crossed as the two followed after at a reasonable pace.

Faust could have sworn he'd seen a trickle of yellow on Kusuri's legs, before she turned a corner and out of his sight. Wondering if she'd make it or not, he turned down the other way, heading towards his place, the pink haired girl clinging to him the whole way.

~~~~~~~

"Hmmm...Yuno isn't sure..." the girl called as she put the eraser of her pencil into her mouth.

"Well, it's simple really..." Faust called as he pointed at a part on the paper. "You simply take this from that, and then you're left with X= 17."

Yuno then nodded, as she started to write.

"Yuno...thinks she understands." she called as she adjusted herself, currently wearing a borrowed pair of Faust's shorts.

As the two worked out some more problems, the dryer calmed to a stop, as they finished up some problems.

"Ahh, your clothes should be done now." Faust called as he stood up, the girl standing with him.

"Oh, but Yuno likes these shorts." she called to Faust.

The boy paused, as she started to give him the pleading look again.

"Fine...fine.." he called. "You can keep them..." he called, cursing himself for being so vulnerable to her face.

She beamed, hugging him again as she started out, Faust putting his papers away as he looked at the time.

Wow, it's pretty late. he thought as he put away his book, before noticing the black notebook again. He paused, reaching for it.

"Fauuust! Yuno is heading home!" Yuno called, as he heard the front door shut, the boy flinching a bit before he reach for the book again, tugging it out.

The boy looked at the back of the cover, feeling the texture of it. It felt....smooth...kind of like a leather back, but something about it felt....strange.

He flipped the book over to look at the front cover, two words on the front of the book.

"Wet Note" he mumbled to himself as he opened it again, looking at the writings on it.

The person whose name is written in this note, shall lose control of their bladder.

When writing a person's name, you must also be picturing their face, or it won't work.

(This is to prevent causing everyone with the same name to befall this fate)

After a name is written, details may be written in to control how the person behaves, and deals with their accident. If none are written, they will simply start peeing at the 40th second, under their own mindset.

Details are to be written within a period of six minutes and fourty seconds, following the time period when the individual's name is written.

The fourty second limit temporarily halts during this time period, for a period of up to six minutes. However, after six minutes and 40 seconds,

If details are still being written, the individual will simply lose control of their bladder, regardless of what was written.

(This is important, don't forget it)

Faust's head spun as he read it over. Ugh, this seemed like a rather elaborate prank for someone to set up. Flipping the pages, he realized that the first page wasn't the only one with notes on 'Rules'.

"I'm too tired for this.." he called as he started to set the book aside, still not believing it would work. Maybe....if he could get someone to volunteer, he could test the notebook.

He didn't think it would be right to subject someone to a wetting against their will. No matter.....how pleasant the imagery was.

He sighed, as he placed the book aside, laying down on his bed.

"I'll figure it out, tommorow." he spoke to himself lightly as he turned off the light, drifting off to dreamland.

*011*2011-04-08 06:15

Chapter 3:

Faust opened his eyes the next day, as he leaned up out of bed, and started to get ready.

He got himself dressed, before picking up his phone as he lifted it up.

"Three new messages?" he called, as he lifted the phone up and flicked it open.

Yuno is very sorry, but she won't be able to make it over today. Yuno is very very very very very sorry.

"o..kay..." he said, flicking at the other messages, both of which were Yuno reminding him of how much she loved him.

Closing his phone, he picked up his things, before taking a fleeting look at the notebook.

He moved over, picking it up as he flipped it to the other side.

"Wet...note.." he said to himself, the text being in white. Well, if he was going to see if it worked...

He fumbled around for a black marker, before running it over the words to remove the writing. If he was going to use this notebook, he had to be subtle about it at least.

He then held it under his arm as he started out, making his way to the bus stop as he thought.

If Yuno had been there, he could have probably just asked her to test and see if the book would work. But...without her, he'd have to do something else.

If only...

"Oh...hey Faust." a voice called, the boy turning as he noted a girl with green hair tied in a ponytail, wearing a medium length black skirt, and a Black t-shirt with it.

"Hey Wynn." he replied reflexively, the girl looking around.

"Is Yuno not here today?" she called, looking out for the pink haired girl that seemed practically attached to Faust's side. He shook his head.

"No, she said she was unable to make it." he called, as the bus came and took them to school.

~~~~~~~

As the day continued on, Faust seemed to doze off every now and again, feeling relaxed for a change without Yuno over his shoulder. He took notes, and all that was expected of him, but his mind kept wandering back to the notebook.

The safe thing to do would be to wait until he saw Yuno again, and ask her. But...Faust couldn't help but wonder. If it really did work, what would Yuno say about that? Much less if she knew Faust used it?

He paused, as his eyes flickered about the room again, before resting on the green haired girl near him. She'd been hanging around him all day. He could keep an eye on her, and thus, use her as the subject. If the book didn't work, he wouldn't look too out of place. And if it did....Well...

He thought Wynn was very cute at least, so it wouldn't be all bad. Looking at the clock, he noted the day had a good two hours before school ended. Plenty of time to work it out..

He paused a bit, before pulling out the black notebook, and startred to write away at it.

Wynn Tatsumaki. Feels an urge at 1:45, but ignores it during class. At 2:30 she starts to really feel the pressure, but finds herself unable to use the restroom. At 3:50, she finds the urge unbearable, and struggles to make it to the bathroom.

However, at 3:52 in front of locker number 217, she loses her will to hold on, before she pees at 3:53.

He left the last part undetermined, as this way, she would have a whole minute to get her clothes out of the way, if it worked. It felt like he was writing a short omo fic, but he digressed.

Looking at the time, he ticked down the minutes, before 1:45 struck.

A visible twitch caught his eye from Wynn, though he couldn't be certain if it was the notebook or not.

"You okay Wynn?" he called, as the girl turned and nodded.

"Yeah, I'm fine." she called, as she went back to work.

She felt a small twinge, but nothing too bad. She could have sworn she'd gone recently. Either way, it wasn't too bad. Nothing worth causing a scene over. She simply started writing again, as the day continued on.

The lessons moved on, as Wynn's legs slowly closed tighter, starting to fidget a bit in her chair. The urge hadn't been too bad, but as the day moved on, she felt herself twitching more and more.

Eventually, she put her hand up, leaving the other in her lap.

"Yes? What is it Ms. Tatsumaki?" the teacher called, as she paused a bit.

"May I....go to the restroom?" she called, hesitating. The teacher paused, but shrugged.

"Go ahead, the pass is right there." he called as he gestured at the pass, the green haired girl standing with relief.

"Thank you." She called, moving forward as he took the pass and started out.

Faust looked at the clock and sighed. It was a tad early. 2:27, rather than 2:30. Maybe the book didn't work after all. He started writing again quietly, putting the book to the back of his mind.

Soon after, the green haired girl returned, placing the pass down as she plopped back down in her seat, Faust taking a fleeting glance at her as she did.

Must have been a prank after all. he thought as he started writing again, knowing class was going to end soon. Still, kind of a shame. I would have really..

Wynn's figure twitched a bit as she wrote her notes, her legs still clenched tight. She had made it to the restroom, but.....

As she was in, she had heard some rather...unpleasant noises coming from one of the stalls, and though her urge felt strong, decided she would be better off holding it. Of course, she could check to see if the stalls were clear after class, but until then, she had to look at least like she had gone, lest the teacher get suspicious of her having done something she shouldn't have. Just a few more minutes...

Faust's glance slipped to her figure as he couldn't help but wonder if she really had gone. Maybe she was just always this tense...

The bell rang, the class standing up as Faust moved over.

"Hey Wynn.." he started as the girl paused, turning a bit.

"Y...Yes?" she called, her legs fidgeting a bit as she did, fighting her urge to cross them in front of Faust. This was a once in a blue moon's oppurtunity. Faust didn't have Yuno hanging over his shoulder, so she didn't have to worry about the girl.

"Are you okay? You seem a bit...tense." Faust remarked, the girl standing up.

"O..Oh yeah, I'm fine." She called, flushing a bit as she willed herself still. "I'm just nervous about next hour...haven't done my homework, eheheheh..."

Faust gave her an aside glance, before smiling.

"That's okay, you can copy mine if you want." he called, reaching for his bag as she held out a hand.

"No no, I'll be fine.." she called quickly. "The teacher likes me, so I'm sure I can get another day if I tell Him I...forgot."

Faust gave her an aside glance, before starting out of the door to the next classroom. Oh yeah, she definitely still had to go.

Wynn paused, before gathering her things and started out.

"Wait up Faust!" she called, prompting the boy to stop as she moved up beside him. "M...maybe we could...walk to class together?" she remarked, the boy shrugging.

"Sounds good." he called as she cheered silently. Yes! She still had a ways to go, but it was a good start. Now, if only her own little urge wasn't making idle threats to ruin this moment...

The next period, the math teacher from yesterday was absent, thus meaning they had a substitute.

"Feel free to sit wherever you like kids, so long as you promise to behave." the teacher called, Faust smiling as he turned to the green haired girl.

"Want to sit next to each other?" he called, the green haired girl nodding firmly as she sat, wincing a bit at her bladder. It was feeling rather full, but she could manage a while longer...

Faust sat down beside her, as he noticed Kusuri taking the seat near him. He waved a bit to the girl, though she seemed a bit more focused on her own work.

Sighing, Faust looked up to the substitute, who couldn't have been more different from Murayama sensei if she tried.

Instead of trying to convince the class to learn something new, she simply handed out worksheets for everyone to do, informing them that once they were done, the rest of the period was free period so long as no one went too out of control.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"I see....so if you take 4 from X, you get, Y, which equals..."

"Seven." Faust stated, as Wynn chuckled slightly.

"Math isn't that hard after all." she remarked as she crossed her legs under the desk, enjoying the amount of time that she was spending with Faust.

"Yeah, it's easy so long as you know how to do it." he called, turning to Kusuri. "You need any help?"

The purple haired girl paused, taking a fleeting glance at Wynn before going back to her paper.

"I'm fine.." she called, as Faust noticed a few twitches from her body too. Did she have to..

"So..faust.." He heard, as Wynn flushed a bit. "Did you...have anything in mind....after school?"

Faust turned, as he took note of the girl's body squirming more and more.

"Nah, just figured I was going to head home today." he called, looking at the time. 3:40.... Class would end in 5 minutes...and if the note worked...

Wynn fidgeted and flushed more as she felt her body sending signals to her lower area. She really had to go, but she was so close...

"W...Well..." she started. "M...maybe if you don't mind...."

Dammit, why wouldn't her body stop for five seconds?

Faust paused, as he watched the girl tremble, flushing as she spoke with him. She looked ready to burst, though she was also trying to say something.

"Can you hold that thought for a bit?" Faust called lightly, the girl twitching at the word 'Hold'. "I have to go ask the teacher something.."

Wynn squirmed, but nodded. It was okay...she was a big girl...She could hold it...

The boy moved over to the teacher, and started some small talk, seeing as it was near the end of the class. He wasn't so much interested in what she was saying, so much as how Wynn would hold up.

A few minutes into talking, he started back to his chair, picking up his things before the bell rang, the class starting to erupt out of the room in an effort to get home.

Faust waited for the crowd to die down, as Wynn approached him, sweat running down her face as her legs seemed to convulse under her skirt.

"So, you were saying?" he called, as the girl squirmed in place.

"W...well...If..If you're not busy today.." she called, her body moving side to side as she put a hand to her area, pretending she was smoothing out her skirt as she stood. "M...m....may..."

"Wynn, do you need to go to the bathroom?" Faust asked as the girl's face turned crimson.

"K....Kinda..." she called, as she fidgeted. "H..hold that thought....I've got to go..."

This was it, now or never. If she didn't go right now, she'd probably end up wetting herself...and in front of Faust too. She had spent all day trying to get his impression of her up....but it would all be for naught if she ended up going right there.

The girl staggered out of the room, with the green haired boy following after her.

He still had to get his things from his locker, and he still needed to know...

His watch had just turned 3:51, so if she was moving at the right speed...

Waiting by his locker, *number 217*, he noticed as the girl started by.

"Wynn?" he called innocently, as he fiddled with his lock.

"The...bathrooms near class were being cleaned..." she called. "I.....don't think I can make it to the others down the hall.."

Faust watched as the girl's legs quivered, the girl bending over to hold herself tightly.

"W....Wynn!" Faust called, as the girl bent at the knees, hands pressed into her skirt.

"It...hurts..." she moaned, as Faust bent down as well.

"You can hold it Wynn, just a.."

"I C-Can't..." Wynn called, her face turning beet red as she felt a quick spurt escaping her panties. "F...F...Fauuuust...Don't...look..."

Her hands, dug into her skirt at first, lifted the black cloth up high enough for Faust to get a full frontal view of the girl's blue striped panties, along with a few yellow spots as her panties dampened, the spots slowly getting darker and more defined as a small stream gushed out of them, pooling on the floor underneath her. "Mmmmm.." Wynn moaned, her face flushing deeply as a hissing sound filled the area, and her body relaxed. It....It felt so good to finally let it all out....Even if.....

After what amounted to a full minute, the stream subsided, as the girl started to sniffle.

"I...I...I'm sorry..." Wynn's voice called to Faust, as the pleasure from release subsided, replaced with a burning shame and embarassment. "I...I just...I just....." however, her remarks were soon interrupted, as Faust's arms wrapped around her.

"It's okay.....It happens.." Faust cooed to her, as he held her tightly, the girl's face flushing before she leaned into him, sobbing lightly. However, behind Faust's expression of kindness, a small glint could be seen in his eyes.

It works. Faust thought as he held Wynn in his arms tightly, a small grin finding it's way to his face. It actually works...

*018*2011-05-03 04:46

The Long awaited Chapter 4, though Faust still isn't proud of it.

Introducing a new character too.

And adding in a bit more food for thought. =3

Faust hopes you enjoy, even if it's not that great.

~~~~

After comforting Wynn, taking her to the nurse's office, and getting her a change of clothes, Faust found himself walking home alone. Wynn had denied wanting to head to his house after that, saying that she had some stuff she had to do now.

Not pursuing the subject, Faust found himself eventually at home, opening the door to a tackle-hug from a familiar figure.

"Fauuust~<3" Yuno's voice called as she hung from him. "Yuno is so sorry she had to miss school today, but she had important things to take care of. Please forgive Yuno."

Her face pleaded, though Faust smiled, hugging her back.

"It's fine." he called. "Wynn kept me company. Though I really missed you this morning."

Yuno flushed, muttering something under her breath happily as the two spent the rest of the day together, Faust helping her with what she missed.

~~~~~~~~~~~

After Yuno went home, and Faust layed down in bed, he smirked at his good fortune. He'd found a book that let him control the bladder of anyone whom he had a name and face of.

He had to use this power sparingly, or there'd be suspicion. But he couldn't very well let such a power go to waste, now could he?

He smirked, before picking up the notebook, reading over Wynn's accident, and picturing it in his head again. It was truly something else....right down to the word.

He added a little heart next to Wynn's name, before putting the notebook back down, and going back to sleep.

Tommorow was another day, and as such....New oppurtunities.

~~~~~~

As the Bell rang, Faust slouched a bit in his chair. The morning seemed fairly dull so far, though Yuno'd woken him up. As such, he had no real oppurtunites to use the note, without bringing about some suspicion.

However, just as he was about to doze off, a strange figure started into the room, wearing a pink dress that came down to her knees, with long white hair that curled near the ends, with a flower hairband.

"Class, we have a new student today." the teacher called, as the girl bowed, deeply.

"Hello." the girl called. "My name is Niiya. Niiya Miyazaki. It's so very nice to meet you all."

The class looked the girl over, as she smiled brightly, before taking her seat.

Faust paused, sneaking a few glances at her. Well, she would be an interesting target....Though as he started to put pencil to paper, he found himself at a problem. How did you spell her name? It sounded like 'Niya'....or 'Nia'? Ugh, so confusing...

"What are you doing?" he heard Yuno's voice calling, his pencil tracing over a cursive N repeatedly.

"Oh, just lost in thought." Faust called, as he went back to his work, ignoring the thought for now. He'd certainly find out later, more than likely.

The lesson began without further incident, the teacher asking more questions than usual. To most everyone's surprise, the girl Niiya was raising her hand almost constantly.

For most of the hour she awnsered question after question, smiling warmly as she did, without a hint of hesitation, nor a single wrong awnser. Faust's eyes watched her more. Truly impressive.

Faust felt a pair of eyes locked on him, though they didn't belong to who he was used to them being. Yuno's eyes were more focused on the girl's too, her eyes wide with amazement.

"How does she know all those awnsers?" Yuno asked Faust, prompting a shrug from him. She was a transfer student. Musta been from some kind of advanced school or something.

As the class eventually ended, Faust remained seated for a bit, as a few girls approached the girl, talking with her for a bit, before leading her out.

Faust's eye seemed to be caught by it, though as he followed them into the hall, they all started straight into the bathroom.

Making a silent curse, Faust merely went back to his classroom, taking his seat as he pulled out the note, looking it over again.

Yuno wasn't looming over his shoulder, having started out for something, so he could afford to be a bit reckless.

He tapped at the notebook, thinking about how he would go about spelling the girl's name, before the warning bell rang. Soon, the classmates started back into the room, Niiya finding herself in a different chair, though the girls surrounded her with matching smiles, the group chatting about things.

Faust's gaze started away, not really interested in what they were talking about. After all, if she made friends, far be it from him to bother her while she was talking to them.

However, as the teacher strode in, Faust couldn't help but believe he saw a twitch from the girl's direction. He brushed it off as imagination, as the lesson started up, the teacher droning on and on.

Faust lazily copied his notes, noticing that the girl didn't seem as talkative now. She sat in her seat quietly as the teacher spoke, not raising her hand for a single question. As the teacher eventually stopped talking, letting everyone get to doing whatever, Faust snuck another glance at the girl. She still seemed quiet, though her smile seemed a bit dimmed. She stayed silent, her pencil writing along the paper shakily, as she sat quietly. She raised her hand at one point, though quickly lowered it as one of the girls around her turned.

She sat in her chair quietly until the bell that signalled lunch rang, starting to get up as the girls stood with her.

"Going somewhere?" one called, as she waved a hand, her smile a bit tenser than before.

"Uh.....No..." she called, before sitting back down, trying to hide her nervousness.

Faust didn't miss this though, as he stood, moving over, Yuno having gone back out of the room again for some reason.

"Yo.." he called, moving over to the group of girls surrounding Niiya. "Can I see the new girl?"

The girl at her side paused, a glance going to the others as she nodded.

"Yeah, sure." she called, moving out of the way as Faust took the girl's place, at Niiya's side.

"Hi." he called out lightly, the girl's figure turning with her while she was in her chair.

"O...Oh, Hello..." her voice called out, a noteable quiver in it as Faust's eyes trailed over her body.

"I'm Faust." he spoke to her lightly. "Don't think we were introduced. That was rather impressive in first period." he called, as the girl flushed.

"R-really?" she called back, smiling lightly, though it quickly tensed back up a bit. "Th-thanks.."

"Though, you were kinda quiet last period.." he added, the girl twitching. "History not your thing?"

Niiya paused, hearing the boy's probing questions. truth be told, history was her favorite subject of all of them, and she would have loved to have showed off her knowledge as her first impression to the teacher. However, a very pressing need kept her from speaking up, as the girls around her....

"Yeah....just not feeling so good." She called to the boy, as the pink haired girl that sat next to him returned with a brown bag identical to hers, grabbing his arm.

"Faust~ It's lunchtime~<3" She called out, as the boy was drug off by her. Niiya paused, but breathed a small sigh. At least this way...

Faust's eyes had been looking the girl over as she spoke, noticing her irregularities. She seemed a lot less chipper, and those girls that insisted on swarming around her. Several of them started out, Niiya remarking that she didn't want any lunch as they merely asked again, the girl starting along with them again.

A few minutes later, the group returned, with Niiya still focused in the center while the other girls surrounded her. However, after a short bit, the group split, leaving her to her own devices.

Hesitantly, Niiya started over to a chair as she sat down, her cheerful demeanor no longer present.

Her legs seemed to bounce a bit in her seat, as Faust watched her, thinking. Perhaps...

The boy moved over to her side, pulling out a chair, as he sat near her.

"Miyazaki-chan?" He called, leaning over her side. Niiya paused, but turned with a shaky smile.

"Y...yes....Faust-kun?" she called, her legs crossing under her desk as she started to fumble with her bag, seeming rather flushed at the arrival of the green haired boy.

"Are you...okay?" he asked her, the girl hesitating for a bit.

"Yeah....I'll...." she called as she uncrossed her legs again, trying to hide her urge. "I'll be fine..."

Faust wasn't fooled though, and as such, he moved a bit closer.

"Are you sure?" he called, the girl's body twitching a bit as she nodded.

"Y...yeah...."

Faust scowled a bit, his eyes scanning the room. The other girls seemed to keep their eyes on him and Niiya, as if expecting something. However, their attention wavered when their eyes met his, assuring him of the situation.

Sliding out the familiar black notebook, he pulled out his pencil, wondering.

"Is it two i's or one?" He said to himself lightly as he leaned over again, looking at Niiya's quivering figure, as he snuck a glance back at the girls that were watching, before they started chatting idly again.

He penciled down a small note, sliding it under his hands as he watched the girls, prodding Niiya's arm with it, keeping his face away from her.

You have to go to the bathroom, don't you?

Niiya hesitantly turned, before noticing the small bit of paper, flushing deeply as she saw it.

"N....No!" she called out loudly, causing everyone in the room to turn to her.

Feeling so many pairs of eyes on her, she sheepishly muttered another No, before resuming her position, her legs crossing again as her bladder throbbed. Oh....it hurt so bad..but if she tried to get up, they'd...

Faust's eyes returned to the notebook, as he eventually settled on something, looking at the time as he started writing furiously. If the note was absolute, then....

Nia Miyazaki, at 1:20 her urge finally starts to be too much. Then At 1:24, her urge starts to overcome her, and at 1:25, her bladder finally fails her.

Niiya Miyazaki, 1:20, her urge finally starts to be too much. At 1:24, her urge starts to overcome her, and at 1:25, her bladder finally fails her.

Niya Miyazaki, 1:20, her urge finally starts to be too much. At 1:24, her urge starts to overcome her, and at 1:25, her bladder finally fails her.

As he put his pencil down, he looked at the clock. Two minutes......he had two minutes before she'd really start squirming. He had to do something by then....

As his eyes wandered to the other girls to watch though, he was met with a strange sight. One of the girls had gasped out, her hands moving between her legs as she squeezed her legs tightly.

"Ohh..what the.....I can't...." the girl called, before a loud hissing sound was heard, liquid splattering to the floor at the girl's desk.

Amidst the sudden incident, the other three girls suddenly grabbed themselves as they felt similar, powerful urges starting to form in their bodies, and sufficently distracting them.

Taking this oppurtunity, Faust suddenly grabbed Niiya by her arm and started out of the room, a few protests being stammered out from her as they darted down the hall.

The poor girl lowered a hand to her area as she moved, having been caught off guard by the boy's sudden reaction, and feeling her body quivering more. Wh..what was? Why was....

"Look, just keep moving, okay?" he called. "We're almost there." The girl paused, flushing deeply as the boy dragged her, pracitcally kidnapping her.

"L...listen...Faust-kun..." she started, her hand clenching tighty as her body seemed to call out more, her urge skyrocketing even more. All that....

"You need to go to the restroom, I know." His voice called as they moved, provoking another heavy flush from her. "What...What exactly did those girls do to you?" Niiya flushed, before her voice started to tremble out.

"They said I was showing off too much in first period," she stated between breaths, giving herself a tight squeeze. "and that I needed to stop making them look bad. During our break, they lead me to the bathroom, then held me under the sink and made me drink a lot of water." The girl seemed to twitch at the reminder, her hand clamping down more. "During second period, I had to go, but they wouldn't let me leave. Then, after you spoke to me, they took me back out again, warning me that they'd do even worse things to me if I'd tipped you off....and that they'd make me wet my panties in class. They promised me that if I could make it to last period, they'd let me go, but they made me drink more for talking to you."

Faust's insides cringed a bit. So, they were tourmenting her, just because she was new, and she was smarter than them? That was..

"Sorry that you'd have to deal with this on your first day." Faust called back to her, carrying her along. He still had two whole minutes to get her to the bathroom. She would make it in time, and stay dry, while they ended up wetting. He almost smiled, before he saw a sign over the door to the girl's room, one that would bring him a bit of joy at any other time, but for the moment..

"It's closed? Nooo......" Niiya's voice trembled out, as her other hand lowered to her dress. "I'm....so close...I don't want to pee my panties...."

Some small tears started down the girl's cheeks as she stood, feeling her body tense up even more. She wouldn't make it.....she was going to pee herself like the girls wanted....She was going to wet like a little girl, even after Faust had gone so far out of his way to help her. She was almost positive that the girls weren't going to let him off the hook for helping her. Or even..

"No choice then..." Faust's voice called, scooping the girl up in his arms as he moved to the nearby room with a blue sign, the boy's bathroom.

He carried the girl into the (Thankfully vacant) room, as he opened up one of the stall doors, the toilet seat looking almost clean enough to eat off of.

Janitor musta been cleaning. he called, before he sat the soft figure on the toilet, as she flushed deeply.

"F...Faust..." Niiya spoke, flushing deeply as he sat her down. Her hands still clenched herself tightly, feeling her body started to lax it's control. A warmth spread over her crotch, as she suddenly jerked down her panties, a loud hissing filling the small stall as her bladder finally laxed it's control, the girl's face burning with embarassment.

Faust's own face flushed as he watched a pair of white cloth stained with a splotch of yellow, before noticing the stream gushing from the girl, and the source in which it was coming from.

He wanted to turn around, but he couldn't stop watching it all gush out from her, having been even more impressive than Wynn's accident, and a more personal view.

A relieved sigh escaped Niiya's lips as it gushed, glad to finally have some relief. However, as she noticed the pair of eyes, and the way he was looking at her....

"F.....Faust...." Niiya's voice quivered, her hands covering her beet red face in embarassment.

[To be Continued in Chapter 5]

