School trip on a very special cruise

Author: OmoNeon 

*000*2022-11-01 23:22

First time trying my hand on writing a story here, english is not my main language so feel free to correct my writing 😄

This is basically a compilation of weird dreams and ideas i put togheter into a hopefully coherent story. 

Luna is in her last year of highschool and is 18yo as are her classmates

###

Luna was eagerly packing her suitcase for the next day as she was going to go on the yearly school trip, it was different than the usual trip though. 

She didn't know the specifics wich was already weird in itself but the school managed to get into a program that would pay for the entire trip including the train to get there, but get this, they're going on a freaking luxury cruise? For a school trip?? Food and drinks included! 

At school she and some classmates looked up the cruiseship wich was called "Symphony of the Seas" and frankly it looked too good to be true. It seemingly had everything on board from several pools, theatres, laser tag, arcade, a whole shopping street and it even has its own ice rink!

The price must be insane, so how come this all comes togheter for free for a school trip? 

The only thing she knew is that it was started up by a big pharmaceutical company that gathered a ton of funding for a new line of medicine, and the students got to test it while on the cruise. At first she and many others were skeptical but her parents went over the legal documents and had to sign some forms and nothing seemed to be out of the ordinary, the medication had been trough loads of testing phases already and this was a last mass testing phase of what should be the final product. 

There wasn't much more to it, she packed mostly summer clothing as the weather reports were mostly positive but on sea it can be alot colder sometimes so she did pack for colder weather just in case aswell (shorts, shirts, skirts and her favorite dress, one sweatpants, jeans, swimsuit, some winter clothing for the ice rink, pj's, etc.) The school had informed her they would travel from the school to the station but they would make the trip in school uniform so she laid it out for the next day paired with gray leggings to go under her uniforms skirt.

###

The next morning Luna quickly ate some cereal and made her way to her school, she met up with her best friend on their usual spot. Chloe joined the school just this year only a few months ago but they became best friends really quickly.

"Hey Chloe, nice on time?"

"You bet, not missing this for anything in the world!" "I can't decide what i want to check out first once we arrive there!" 

They continued chatting about what they were planning to do first once they got on the cruise ship, as other classmates started to join aswell, everyone was excited about this probably once in a life time cruise they'll get to experience! 

Everyone started to gather around as they started to take the short trip to the train station. 

Luna thought it would just be a regular commuter train but when they arrived at the platform they were surprised with one of those long distance, high speed and more comfort trains! 

As Chloe gasped and pointed, "What the hell Luna look, we're getting in on first class!" as the first classmates started to enter the train. "How is this all possibly free?" Luna answered, as other students were talking just as excited and surprised as they were. 

"What kind of backing does this company have to send this many people for free on this cruise with this amount of luxury?" as she pointed out, the amount of people in total would be high on that ship, and oh yes, the entire cruise ship was rented and as far as Luna knew, they were all going for free. "Must be a pretty damn good new medication they're working on, maybe they cured cancer or something?" Chloe half jokingly said. 

They got their seats, wich was a 4 seater, Luna got a seat at the window with her friend on the other window seat as 2 other classmates joined them, Vicky and Selena. 

They happily chatted along until the teacher started to hand out pamflets with more information about the actual program they were in, curiosity spiked among the group of students as they eagerly started reading what this was all about. It seemed the teacher was surprised as well because even they didn't know what this medication was all about. 

Excitedly Luna started reading the pamflet: 

"This is a mass test that will lay the foundation of a new type of medication that could be used for almost any virus and/or bacteria as well as many other illness, cancers as well as chronic diseases and even genetic disorders(!) "I can't believe it's even better than what i said" Chloe remarked, "this is world changing if this is true" 

The medication works in a fundamentally different way as this type can be modified for a specific illness, once it targets the cells, virus or bacteria that's causing the issue the drug will activate it's healing procedure, once it does it will start removing the bad cells and create new ones. 

So how will this procedure work? Well the body will very simply start to secrete the bad stuff as it usually does, by urinating. 

To make sure the medication works, hydrating alot is of utmost importance! A side effect of this medication is that it works as a diuretic, if you don't hydrate enough the medication will simply stop working. 

The ones you'll be testing will be test variants with no actual medication or effects aside from the diuretic. As we have tried to find different ways to minimize the diuretic effect but to no avail we have now tried this from a different perspective. 

More info will follow when you arrive on the ship, you will get handed over the first dose shortly before entering the ship." 

"Hold on..." Luna whispered to Chloe, "They said to pack extra undergarments and pants/skirts, are you thinking what i'm thinking?" "You think the drug would be that strong we could end up having accidents??" Chloe answered.

Wich Vicky joined in "Well... i mean... if i'm not the only one... i guess a few accidents isn't too bad if you get a top of the line cruise for it, no?" "So we only have to be carefull to go to the toilet frequently enough? Yo i can live with that!" Selena said while laughing. "i thought we might get like crazy side effects bad enough we wouldn't be able to enjoy the cruise, atleast that was my worry and actual guess what was gonna happen." 

Luna quickly went over the contents of the pamflet again, rereading every detail and she had to agree with Chloe about the apparent expectation of accidents to happen. 

Luna shivered realising what this meant... you see, already from a very young age she was intrigued by wetting. Wether it was wetting herself or seeing someone else wet themselves. Luna is usually timid and a bit more on the shy nature wich made her overthink alot of stuff regularly, in contrast of Chloe who's rather bold most of the time. 

When she was little she every once in a while did small spurts in her panties when she was feeling more daring than usual, or she peed in her swimsuit in the garden when her parents weren't looking. 

But she never actually had a full on wetting as she was too scared... Except maybe on one occasion. When she and her parents where out for vacation during the holidays when she was only 11yo they had rented a bungalow in the forests in a small village covered in deep snow, on the last day she was playing outside in the snow and later started making a snowman. She couldn't not make a snowman with snow like this! 

She was wearing winter clothing with thick snowpants with an extra layer of pants, snowboots and everything, so she was warm and cozy at all times when playing outside.

She was making good progress but it was alot of work as time passed by her urge to pee started to increase. As she had drunk enough liquid before coming outside and on top of that her mom surprised her with hot chocolate milk while playing outside and now she really started to feel it in her bladder. 

The thought came to her how nice it would be to maybe do a spurt in her panties, or perhaps a few spurts even? It would be covered by her snowpants anyway and now that she started thinking of it... it could be more than a few spurts as this was the last day of the holiday, they would return home in the early morning tomorrow. She felt more daring today, maybe it was the holidays and being in a good mood maybe? 

She would shower and dump her snowpants and other clothes in her suitcase anyway once she went inside, and when she got home she would unpack it herself and dump it in the laundry machine as she would normally do anyway... 

Luna was overthinking it like she always does, this always happened and she would always bail out by overthinking too much... she continued building her snowman wich was slowly getting close to completion after about another 15-20mins, but her need started to increase more and the idea of releasing some in her pants started to creep up again.

Her plan was perfect, even if she peed quite a bit she would get away with it so why not do it? She would probably regret it anyway if she didn't. 

Luna started to relax her bladder but like usually nothing came out even though she had to pee pretty badly at this point, the habbit of being used to sit on a toilet to pee ofcourse... 

She started to fiddle around with the head of the snowman and giving him eyes while she continued to relax her bladder and started to feel she was getting closer to release. She gave her bladder a little push as just a few drops went into her panties. 

Feeling safe with her snowpants on she quickly went for another push as a spurt seeped in her panties, she sighed from the feeling of her crotch dampening.

She enjoyed how good it felt and gave another push, but this one was a longer spurt into her pants with warmth spreading in her crotch. She sighed again. Enjoying and relishing the feeling she's getting from this, her bladder got the message and started giving in, she was still relaxing and just when her pee was about to come out on it's own she stopped it. She had peed enough to make her panties wet, and probably enough to make a visible wet patch on the pants she was wearing underneath. 

She felt like she could relax at any time and let more out. She was getting second thoughts now because she felt her crotch was warm and wetter than ever before, even though she was really loving this feeling. The fear of getting caught crept up to her.

She went over the plan again as she continued building the snowman, after overthinking it once again she was sure she wouldn't get caught and her bladder was signaling it wanted release. 

Luna picked up the broom she found earlier in the basement and put it on the snowman as she slowly started to relax again "a bit more wouldn't hurt" she thought, but this time she could feel her pee about to come out on it's own and this time she wasn't planning on stopping it immediatly. She felt a small trickle escape.

Her heart was pounding in her chest as she let the trickle become a stream, she could feel her crotch warm up as the wetness started to expand. When she could feel wetness going down on the inside of her pants about halfway down to her knee, she came back to her senses, panicked and stopped the stream. Although... she didn't want to stop it as it felt so good. 

Luna was breathing heavily, a bit shocked that she had in fact pissed her pants at this point! She could feel her butt being a bit wet aswell, She started blushing at this point. She quickly checked her crotch and legs for any visible signs, she didn't see any but she could definitely feel the wetness! And she would definitely get caught if she would remove her snowpants and her parents could see her wet pants underneat. 

She knew what she did was bad and she would get in trouble if her parents would find out but she enjoyed the feeling so much and it didn't feel like it should be a bad thing actually, pee isn't disgusting anyway, she learned in school that it's even sterile.

She continued finishing the face of her snowman. After a couple of minutes had passed (she was taking her sweet time as she was more focused on the wetness in her pants) she was pretty much done with her snowman and was decorating it a little bit with a hat and some other stuff lying around, she still had to pee and the warmth in her pants had faded away to be replaced with coolness.

"i'm still wearing wet pants anyway, why not just do a little bit more and warm them up again" she thought, "no sign of my parents anyway" Luna was getting more daring at this point, as she spread her legs apart. She relaxed her bladder and started to push again. She let out a short stream in her pants, feeling the familiar warmth in her crotch once more, it came out so much easier than before she thought. As she relished the feeling again.

She let out another spurt and another longer one immediatly after as she felt the warmth spreading down her legs...

But it felt so good that she didn't want to stop...

Just as she ended her last spurt she gave in to the feeling and with another sigh she relaxed, and this time she wasn't sure if she wanted to stop the stream anymore. 

She felt a shiver going up her spine as she realised she was contemplating to fully pissing her pants now.

As there was no other sound in the vicinity she could start hearing the clear hissing sound of her pissing her pants, She felt pee pooling up in her crotch and spreading to her butt before cascading down her legs, she completely succumbed and relished the feeling of the warm wetness spreading as she felt herself fully emptying her bladder in her pants. Standing with spread legs in the middle of the yard in the snow, she let out a barily audible "aaah" while standing next to her snowman. 

The hissing slowly died down and her stream subsided as she pushed out the last few drops of pee in her soaked panties, she shivered, feeling the warmth and wetness spread trough her pants, all the way down between and on the back of her legs, she could now feel alot more wetness in the front and on her butt aswell. "best feeling ever" she thought while she started to blush. 

Luna got a massive grin on her face as she realised what she had done, she couldn't believe she had completely pissed her pants like a toddler. It wasn't even an accident, she did it fully on purpose. She could've went inside at any moment and used the toilet, it's only 2 freaking doors! She closed her legs again and pressed them togheter a bit to feel the wetness, before starting to make her way to the front door of the bungalow. 

As she made her way inside the warmth in her pants was starting to fade away and so was her euphoric feeling, the fear of getting caught started creeping in... after all she didn't intend to fully wet herself at first... 

Very aware of her very wet and soaked pants but she had checked for any kind of wetness before coming in and luckily she couldn't find any signs, when she met her mom in the kitchen:"I finished the snowman! please go take a look and tell me what you think?" as her mom was doing the dishes and said: "sure sweety, why don't you take off those winter clothes and snowpants and go sit with your dad in the sofa, we're gonna start a movie in a little bit." 

Luna panicked and her mind started racing "Is it ok if i first take a quick shower so i can put on my pj?", wich her mom replied "hmm, you could do that later aswell sweety, i think i heard your dad saying you wanted a snowball fight with him before we go home? So why not take a shower after that" Luna's heart skipped a beat. "I think i'm done playing with snow for today mom" After a small silence wich felt like an eternity she replied with, "your loss sweety, you know we don't often have this chance, but sure go take a shower" 

Luna quickly bolted out of the kitchen for the bathroom and felt like she reached the finish line of "getting away with her soaking pants" she tought as she closed the door of the bathroom after her. 

Her mother continued putting away the dishes as she leaned a bit to the side and over the counter just as she did a few minutes earlier to glance out of the window, if she leaned in like this she could just see the snowman outside, what Luna didn't realise is that her mother did this from time to time to check up on her when she was building the snowman.

She could swear she had seen her daughter zone out a couple of times and afterwards what seemed to be checking her crotch?

It started to dawn on her when she saw her daughter put on the hat on the snowman, spread her legs and just stood there for atleast a minute, maybe two.

She could swear, if she didn't know any better that her daughter had deliberately peed her pants while making that snowman.

For that reason she mentioned to remove her winter clothing when she came inside to see her reaction, and her panicked reaction had pretty much confirmed her suspicion that her daughter had soaked her pants.

She grinned but decided to pretend she didn't see anything. Kids... 

*005*2022-11-02 00:31

{{ 

19 minutes ago, Mickpick98342 said: 

This is good. Will there be a part 2? 

}}

The story just started, if people like this i'll definitely continue with multiple new parts 😄

But as this is the first time i've ever written anything like this i wouldn't mind some feedback.

I already had this story partially in my head before so i already know how it's gonna end 😛 

*007*2022-11-02 01:10

Oh yea... Multiple wettings for sure, sorry if it went a little bit slow in the beginning. Just setting the stage 😁 

The cruise ship i mentioned actually exists btw, maybe i'll add some info on it later on in the story 

*011*2022-11-05 23:43

Sorry for the long wait, This section is also a bit longer as the first and you can expect quicker updates.

Might even be able to post a new one tomorrow 😄

Chapter 2:

The train ride was gonna take about 4 hours and a half in total. 

1 hour in: 

Someone with a cart came rolling trough the aisle. They were handing out the first few doses of the medication, 1 each day per person. 

They also handed out bottles of water and if anyone wanted they could also get a selection of beverages from the train shop which was a few wagons further into the train, all included of course. 

They also got the message that in an hour we were gonna get an introduction video made by the creator of the drug himself, which apparently was a big deal according to her classmates and teacher, Luna overheard. The man had made several breakthroughs in the medical field and had won countless awards in his still relatively short career. 

However, there were also a bunch of wild rumors and allegations towards him, it seemed that for every 2 great things he had done there was 1 wild controversy, but because of how exceptional his creations were they usually got ignored. 

Everyone took in the medication and swallowed it trough with a sip of water from their bottles. "and off we go" said a grinning Chloe 

1h30 in: 

Now as Luna was starting to feel thirsty as she finished her first 0.5L water bottle by now and started on the second one, she did start to feel her bladder get fuller now by the minute. Must be the effects of the drug by now, although she hasn't felt any side effects, "so far so good" she thought. 

1u50 in: 

Luna really needed to pee by now and she noticed she wasn't the only one as more people slowly started going to the toilet, Chloe had just come back and mentioned "You might wanna go now as the introduction video will start in 10mins and there's slowly starting to form a line, you can tell that drug is starting to work". 

Luna had finished her 2nd bottle and was already halfway on a 3rd, she also noticed people around them were drinking more by now, she got up and went to the toilet and managed to come back right on time as the introduction video was just starting, there were two monitors in each wagon, one each side.

###

- Luna and her friends/classmates Chloe, Vicky and Selena were sitting in a 4 seater on the right side. Luna switched places with Selena as she just in time came back from the toilet and didn't want to annoy Selena. So Selena was sitting at the window now. 

- 4 other classmates were on the left 4 seater right next to Luna's group. Direct left of Luna was Peyton, who she didn't like too much as she was often an egotistical bitch. Diagonal of Luna was Liv sitting, or short for Olivia. The popular girl of their class, not in the negative sense though. She was nice, good looking, good grades and if you ever needed anything she was there to help. Although a little bit prudish Luna felt. 

- The 4 seats before them was a family with 2 kids, a teenage boy of about 15 - 16yo and a girl of about 11yo which Luna was the only one she could see clearly from her spot. 

- The 4 seats in front of them were occupied by a group of men, probably in their 30s Luna thought 

- After that was the end of their wagon and a glass door separated theirs from the hallway which connected the rest of the train. 

###

The introduction video started: 

"Good morning ladies and gents and everything in between!" the man announced in a awkward energetic way. 

Luna thought he didn't even look close to a doctor, he had a purple top hat, long purple coat and a shirt with a too colorful tie in Luna's opinion. 

"I'm Dr. Neuhauss and i'll be walking you trough of what you can be expecting (chuckles) 'ehehe' in the next 2 weeks on the cruise ship, totally and utterly free thanks to Medifix(company Neuhauss is tied to) and our sponsors. Now lets check out the ship!" 

"Yo that dude looks like freaking Willy Wonka, no wonder he makes great pills!!" someone behind Luna shouted followed by laughter, As the video continued which showed a promotional video of the ship showing off some of the things it had to offer. 

As Neuhaus came back and with weird and overly expressive hand gestures he continued: "What you're seeing is a top of the line brand new ship with everything you dream of on a cruise, but there's a very special thing about this ship though! 'ehehe' (there goes that weird chuckle again) It houses all the new prototype technologies of one of our sponsors (which was called"NoLiQ"), carpets, chairs, beds and many more have all a new textile/cushions that works in conjunction with an in build system. The system is build in underneath the carpet or inside said chair or bed, You'll probably start seeing this in stores very soon as. it. is. AMAZING! 

'ehehe' 

I'll spare you the details to it but what it means is that it self cleans and dries for the most part. As long as it's hooked up to the system and maintenanced it can dry and clean any liquid in matter of half an hour to a few hours depending how much liquid. 

Another thing that's equipped with these technology is this very same train, the amount of time, energy and money that goes into cleaning a train and ship like this is immense and i think everyone likes a nice and clean seat no? 

Now, of course this will also come in handy if... lets say... someone had an "accident" 'ehehehe' As this test will also function as a social test of some sorts as we noticed in the previous tests that... well the medicine is in fact... (he pauses as he thinks about his words carefully here) working marvelously! HOWEVER!!"

In a more serious and lower tone he continued: "Some people apparently think it's not worth it to piss themselves for just 2 weeks so we can cure 99% of currently known diseases..." *cough cough* could be heard from somewhere behind the camera, "uhum..." he continued again in his upbeat way " anyway from the previous tests we learned that the problem isn't actually with the medicine... It's actually widespread prejudice about pissing your pan..." *cough cough* "ehehe, I mean... not used to the occasional accidents." 

"Also smell, stains and it getting sticky were all complaints before so we managed to fix those as the urine will also be diluted anyway, so another improvement to that is just drink more and the urine should be almost completely clear and odorless!"

He then continues again in his lower voice again "Of course people then complained they would have even more accidents if they drink more... again people being prude about urine is the problem and not the medici..." *cough cough* 

Someone from behind Luna "Bro this guy escaped from an asylum or something..." and Chloe replied smug with "and you swallowed whatever he came up with like half an hour ago, so shut up" and Neuhauss continued: "Although there's also some good news here, it seems that the problem is mostly adults that have a problem with this as they have many years of prejudice hammered into their heads that urine equals bad. However, young specim...*uhum* children don't mind it nearly as much. In our tests it seemed that after one to two weeks most of them were pretty unfazed about accid... uhum, side effects. So that result was very favourable!

So on to the actual social test!" 

"ehehe" 

"We want to simulate real life situations to some degree while on the cruise, in real life you don't always have acces to a toilet nearby either. So here's what's gonna happen:

The toilets accessibility will rotate between open or close, They will open or close for a certain amount of time before closing or opening again , so it's possible that all the toilets in the front of the ship will be closed while all the toilets in the back will be open, or three quarters of the entire ship will be closed by random, or Starboard open and port closed, etc you get the point" 

"Now doesn't that make this cruise so much more adventurous?!" 

"ehehe"

(Luna felt shivers going over her spine) 

As Neuhauss walked off screen and the video appeared to be over an uproar started in the wagon, as people started talking over each other. 

"excuse me?!" 

"mofo played too many battle royals!"

"You say what now?!"

"Hell no!"

"Is this an out of season april fools joke?"

"bro go back to your chocolate factory!" 

Luna was too shocked to say anything as were some of the other girls, "how is that even allowed?" Luna thought. 

As the video was nearing it's end there were some additional rules and info being showed so no cheating would happen. Also according to the info sheet on screen the drugs makes your bladder fill in overdrive, so you have to pee a lot but the need for the big toilet will be seriously reduced. So they don't have to worry about that apparently. 

But one rule stood out the most to Luna:

"Accidents are allowed anywhere and anytime" 

"I'm not sure if i should be uncomfortable right now or... excited" she pondered 

Luna noticed how Liv was bouncing her foot up and down in her seat, "Not everyone had gone to the toilet before the video had started, it's only normal they're getting desperate now as the drug was doing it's work" Luna thought. 

"HOLD ON!" 

As Neuhauss came back on screen, "i forgot a very important detail!"

And he continued in his usual upbeat way, borderline lunatic energy: "I forgot to say the social test doesn't start once you're on the ship, it actually starts now! Toilets on the train are closed as of right now!" 
"ehehe" *video ends* 

Chaos ensued 

###

2h15 in: 

People jumped up, running trough the aisle checking on the toilet. Which indeed seemed to have been locked remotely and there was a little green light above the door before, but Luna noticed it had turned red now. 

Liv and Selena were fumbling with their phones, not sure what they were trying to achieve.

Chloe looked shocked and mumbled something about "Lucky that i have just gone to the toilet a few minutes ago" 

Luna overheard the guys behind her "this has to be a joke there's no way"

"You guys can see any hidden camera's? Maybe we're getting pranked"

"Yo, she really needs to pee this ain't funny right now" She realised there was 3 boys and 1 girl sitting behind her and apparently the girl was already pretty far into her desperation. 

As they were all from her school they were all wearing their school uniforms. Luna could hear noises coming from the connecting wagon indicating there was a similar chaos in the other wagons as well. 

"The train will still be underway for almost another 2 hours!" Chloe pointed out to Luna, "What are we supposed to do now?" Luna had no idea as she guessed that people will start having accidents in about half an hour. "I honestly don't know" she replied. 

"Mommy i really need to pee" the little girl in the front announced to her mother. 

Vicky who was sitting next to Chloe seemed to be the only one who was pretty calm somehow, for whatever reason. 

The conversation in the front seats between the 4 men went as: 

"Are we supposed to piss on the carpet? The video said it can endure it somehow?"

"You wanna go piss in the hallway or something?"

"What else are we gonna do, i'm bursting"

"You're right there's enough cover in the hallway hopefully, i ain't pissing my pants" 

Luna noticed the others in the wagon were also trying to find solutions on how to relieve themselves. Peyton said in a snappy way "I'm not gonna piss myself if that lunatic thinks that, i'll rather piss on the carpet. Even if it was regular carpet i would've done it"

"So how are you gonna be doing that exactly? It's not like there's any cover here" Liv countered.

Peyton pondered for a while but couldn't really think of anything it seems. "fuck" 

Just as the boy and father from the family in the front returned from relieving themselves in the hallway. The little girl with her hand jammed in her crotch stammered: "M-mommy i really n-need to pee" 

"Oh sweety i'm so sorry, there's nothing i can do. I went to the toilet earlier and asked if you needed to go as well but you said you didn't need to" the mother confessed, while comforting her she said "Don't feel too bad sweety, if you have an accident now there's nothing you can do about it and we won't be angry" 

"I can hold it longer still" she claimed 

Luna saw how men were starting to take turns pissing on the carpet in the hallways between wagons, there was just barily enough room in the corner behind the door for cover. 

The problem was for the women however... There wasn't enough cover anywhere on the train for them.

Luna saw how girls were passing by in the aisle with their hands jammed in their crotch not finding any place to relieve themselves without exposing themselves completely. She saw one who had a tiny but visible wet patch on her butt as she waddled by Luna. 

"Poor girl is about to soak her pants if you ask me" Vicky calmly said as the girl was out of hearing range. 

Luna did notice how Vicky (who was sitting across her) was slightly tapping her foot, she didn't go to the toilet earlier so she must be getting desperate... yet she seemed very calm about it. 

Girls seemed to only have 2 ways this could end as far as Luna saw, either they piss on the floor by pulling down their pants/panties and exposing themselves for everyone to see.

Or relieve themselves in their pants... 

"Thankfully i went to the toilet before the video" Luna thought. 

###

2h30 in: 

The little girl in the front was playing on her switch while bopping her leg up and down, she was sitting uptight with her legs clenched togheter. Clearly she was uncomfortable.

She was wearing jeans shorts (just above knee length) with a cute pink Tshirt. 

She suddenly stopped bopping her leg and Luna who was browsing the internet on her phone noticed from the corner of her eye as her attention went to the girl now as she might have an idea what was about to happen. The girl glanced downwards as she parted her legs. 

Luna could see how a wet spot appeared on her crotch, making the denim a darker shade of blue. She gasped and shifted in her seat a little. Her brother must have noticed her leak and immediately comforted her "It's ok, you don't have to feel bad about it. It's like the weirdo in the video said, accidents are allowed right now and i'm sure you'll feel a lot better if you just let go" The girl looked up to her brother "really?" 

"Yes, absolutely, don't worry about it, right mom?" he comforted her. as his mother added "Yes sweety it's ok, you can let go, it's no problem"

"ok"

The girl calmed down a bit and reclined back in her seat while she let her switch rest on her stomach. 

Luna could see how she parted her legs once more, she let out a small sigh and a second later the wet patch on her jeans shorts started to expand. A look of content came over her face as she was relieving herself in her shorts. (and clearly enjoying the feeling by the look on her face Luna thought) 

Her brother also saw the expression on her face as he said "Haha see, feels good right?" she nodded in approval as she committed to fully pissing her shorts now.

While Luna could see the girl relieving herself in her shorts with the wet stain slowly expanding and pee pooling on the seat at her crotch. She suddenly heared a sob from behind her and immediately after a gasp, as one of the guys raised his voice "She's peeing!" 

"Oh no the other girl lost control as well" Luna thought as she had compassion with the girl behind her, sitting between 3 other guys that had a much easier time by being able to relieve themselves in the hallway, she was sitting there wetting herself without any possible escape. 

"Don't worry about it Sheila, it's ok" 

"Just hike up your skirt so it doesn't get wet"

"Nothing happened ok? You really couldn't help it, accidents are only normal right now don't sweat it" 

"At least the boys were trying to comfort her to the best of her abilities" Luna thought as she heard her weeping behind her. 

It seemed like the little girl in the front was done peeing, "I'm sorry, i really couldn't hold it anymore" she said, "You don't have to say sorry sweety, it's completely fine" her mother reassured her

"Feel better now?" Her brother asked and the girl nodded while her face was beaming with content. " Alot better" she was blushing. She picked up her bottle of water again and downed the remaining half of it almost immediately. 

Next few events happened in rapid succession as suddenly: 

"Alright" Vicky suddenly said, she was sitting straight across Luna as she suddenly shifted in her seat and readjusted her skirt, hiking it up a bit so she wasn't sitting on it anymore and parted her legs a little bit (she was the only one that was also wearing grey leggings like Luna) 

She let out a sigh as Luna saw her shoulders drop a little. "Hold up?! Is she actually gonna..." Luna glanced towards her crotch as a wet spot appeared on her leggings that quickly started to expand, it started to run downwards and pool around her butt. She could hear the hissing sound over the noise of the train as Chloe gasped "Vicky are you deliberately pissing yourself?" 

"I guess" she nonchalantly answered, "it's better than holding it to be honest, no shot i was gonna hold it for the entire train ride anyway and it was starting to get really uncomfortable." "Ok... but wtf?" Chloe added

....

"She's out of line but she's right" Selena chimed in slightly chuckling while Luna suddenly had a feeling of respect for Vicky. She wished she was as bold as her, since her adventure while building a snowman she hadn't dared to wet her pants ever since. 

Vicky was still emptying her bladder meanwhile the hissing sound could still be heard.

"Dammit Vicky, the sound of you pissing yourself makes me want to pee even more, i can't hold it anymore!" Liv almost yelled 

"Ok that's it, i'm about to piss myself" Peyton said, she slid of her seat and dropped down to the ground as she yanked her panties to the side and immediately unleashed a torrent of piss shooting out of her pussy giving a magnificent show to the 4 men on the front seats. While also spraying Liv's shoes with piss.

"BITCH YOU'RE PISSING ON MY SHOES!!!" As Liv jumped up her seat splattering drips around coming from her shoes, she was now sitting with her knees up on her seat as Peyton continued to empty her bladder, her pee splattering loudly on the carpet as she was quickly making a puddle. 

Apparantely this was too much for Liv as she completely lost control and started wetting her own white panties, giving her own show to the other side with the boys and 1 girl from their school. Luna could see a wet patch forming and quickly expanding and going down to her butt with drips going on her seat. 

Drips quickly turning into a stream as she was fully pissing herself uncontrollably with her whole crotch and bottom being visible for anyone having a line of sight, to make matters worse the white panties became semi translucent. Luna noticed as she was starting to blush with all of this happening around her. She couldn't believe what she was seeing as chaos was all around her. 

Peyton was finally done and yanked her panties back in place ending the peek show for the men in front "shit my panties got a bit wet still, sorry about your shoes Liv i just couldn't hold back" she said in a sorry tone. Liv lowered herself down in her seat, making sure to not sit on her skirt as to not make it more wet (the back got slightly wet from her own accident), dropping her feet of the seat on the carpet landing in Peyton's puddle with an audible splash. "This sucks" Liv replied trembling, visibly shook with tears in her eyes.

A girl came walking trough the aisle with visibly pissed pants, as Luna felt compassion she also started to get worried.

She had kept sipping from her water as she always kept getting thirsty but during that time she had felt her bladder start to fill up rapidly with each minute...

She wasn't sure how much longer she would last as she started to bounce her leg... 

*012*2022-11-08 02:50

I'm glad you guys are enjoying this 😄

Also by doing these i feel like my writing skills are improving 🙂

Also please give some feedback if you want. 

###

Chapter 3:

Luna and the others were now 2h45 in on the trainride, 1h45 to go: 

This time it was Luna who was getting very desperate, she noticed Chloe and Selena weren't very far off either noticing their change in behaviour. neither had said anything in the last 15mins or so. 

Luna had wanted to indulge more in her little secret ever since the snowman building incident but she would've never thought it would lead to this... In the forest in the snow by the bungalow she was all by herself but now she was surrounded by classmates wich made this so much more scary than she would like. 

"Come on sweetie i found a place where you can change out of your wet pants" The mother of the child in the front said, as she just came back. Luna had seen her walk to the front of the train not so long ago as she seemed desperate as well. From the looks of it she managed to relieve herself, although she was wearing a dress so that should've made it easier for her. Luna knew there was a little shop at the front of the train so she must've found a secluded place somewhere over there, enough for her daughter to change at least. 

The mother grabbed their suitcase from the luggage compartment and got out some clothes for her daughter, although Luna could swear she had seen her take out an additional piece of underwear of her size while Luna grinned a bit of the thought she was using her daughters accident to cover up what must've been her own accident. They both left towards the front of the train while Luna could now see the big wet patch on the girls butt when she got up and walked trough the glass door. 

As usual Luna was overthinking the situation (which she was already doing since they watched the video) But she couldn't find a way out of this and realised she was gonna end up in a similar situation as her classmates, and if she really had to chose how to relieve herself... It wasn't gonna be by giving a show to everyone else like Peyton... 

"You guys, you're gonna feel alot better if you just let go, either way you're gonna end up with wet pants. Unless ofcourse, by some miracle you all manage to hold it all the way until we're on the ship... and even then you're not sure if there's gonna be a toilet accessible" Vicky said. "or you could do like Peyton and give us all a show" she smirked as Peyton gave her the middle finger. Luna couldn't disagree with Vicky though...Having made up her mind she readjusted her skirt as inconspicuously as she could, she wasn't sure if anyone had seen it but so far nobody seemed to react to it atleast. 

###

3h00 in, 1h30 to go: 

Luna was back to browsing mindlessly on her phone, however she was more focused on her bladder as she was coming to terms with what Vicky had said, she had tried relaxing her bladder but nothing came out even though she was bursting for a piss at this point. 

She started to push a little bit and she could just barily hold in a gasp as she felt a spurt going in her pants, she could feel herself starting to blush. Still pretending to be browsing on her phone she confirmed nobody had noticed anything, she went for another push and a bigger spurt went into her pants, she could feel her crotch getting damp now as she was sure this must be showing a wet patch on her leggings. 

When suddenly the glass door opened and she came back to her senses, the mother and daughter came back in, the girl had changed out of her wet shorts and into pink sweatpants that went well with her pink Tshirt, thought Luna. 

"Ok sweety, try to avoid any accidents from now on, now i just need to find something to cover the seat so your pants actually stay dry" as she started to fumble trough their suitcases, the father intervened "Honey look at the seat", as he felt it with his hand, "it has completely dried up, i gotta give it to them, these seats are pretty crazy if you ask me" 

"yea my seat has dried up for the most part aswell" Vicky mentioned to their own group, "my panties are still moist but even some of the wetness is gone thanks to the seats i feel like" 

"That's pretty cool actually" Chloe added. 

Luna could feel her bladder now really begging for relieve, the reason probably being she already released a bit before. She didn't think twice as she gave it another bigger push and she could feel a long spurt going in her panties and she couldn't ignore how good it felt as some pee started to go down to her butt. 

The warmth and wetness reminded her of the one time while building her snowman and with every spurt she did she got reminded of how good it had felt all those years ago. She could feel her bladder starting to relax on it's own now, with her heart beating like crazy she decided to not fight it, as she let out a trickle that quickly went into a stream. Luna couldn't believe she was peeing in her leggings with all her friends and classmates sitting around her... she could feel her pee starting to pool around her butt while the warmth exploded in her crotch engulfing her pussy in warm wetness. 

She relished the feeling as her mind almost went blank, she could hear the hissing coming from her crotch as she was finally relieving herself in complete bliss. 

Hold on... if she can hear the hissing... so can the others she just realised. 

"holy shit Luna, you're actually going in your pants?" Chloe gasped, Luna could feel her face turn bright red in just a second as she realised she was audibly peeing her pants for everyone to hear. "it's ok, let it out girl" Vicky grinned, feels good doesn't it?"

Luna sheepishly nodded, "Wait really?" Chloe asked surprised. Luna agreed with Vicky saying "it does feel better than holding it" Luna felt the last drops going in her pants as relief washed over her.

Luna was still trying to recover from her embarassment as suddenly she could hear a hissing sound again, this time it wasn't from her though, she looked to her right as she could see Selena with a blank stare on her face and bright red face. "it's My turn now" she said in a low voice. 

###

3h15 in, 1h15 to go: 

Chloe was deep in thought, pondering over her situation it seemed, she was nonstop bopping her leg up and down now with both her hands jammed in her crotch. Luna started to feel bad for her now as she didn't want to give up it seemed. 

"Chloe you're never gonna hold it until the end" Vicky argued

"Honestly Vicky is kind of right, i feel alot better now aswell and if i'm being completely honest... it kinda felt good to finally relieve myself" Selena added with Luna nodding in agreement. They tried to comfort Chloe as much as possible. 

After Chloe contemplated her options some more, she finally succumbed "fine, i trust you guys" she reclined back in her seat and took her hands out of her crotch, readjusted her skirt and gave a sigh... she parted her legs a little and Luna could swear she had seen her shiver a bit. "it's not like i have choice" a second later she let out a small gasp and Luna could hear a feint hissing emanating from Chloe. As she realised her best friend was sitting there fully pissing herself now, she couldn't help but think it was hot. Luna started to blush from this thought, confused and surprised by this feeling herself she ignored it and went back to trying to comfort Chloe together with Selena and Vicky.

"Feels good right?" 

"Ok fine, you guys were right, it doesn't feel half as bad as i had thought it would be" Chloe claimed, while her face was showing pure relief. "I can't believe i actually did that though"

Luna felt the same, she had just wet herself in front of her classmates, still she was really embarrassed about it though. 

###

3h30 in, 1h to go: 

Luna thought it would be a good idea to go and stretch her legs and go to the shop to see what kinds of stuff they have to eat and get something to drink aswell, even though she had drunk about 1.5L of water + some soda from her backpack she had started to feel thirsty once more. Chloe joined her. 

Just as they got up it seemed the boy and girl on the front row had decided to do the same when they got up in front of them and made their way to the front of the train, where the shop was. As quite some time had passed already from the first time the girl had wet herself Luna could imagine she would need to be close to bursting again by now, Luna wasn't wrong about that she quickly realised. 

The boy was walking in front with his little sister right behind him, then Luna and then Chloe was following in the back. 

Boy: "Mom asked me to find a place for you so you can pee, but i don't understand how i'm suddenly supposed to find a miracle spot while as far as i can see most girls on this train have had accidents so far." 

Girl: "I don't understand either, i thought it would be ok to pee in my already wet shorts before but then suddenly she said to follow her so i could change and i didn't know what to say...So i don't know what i'm supposed to do now as i'm bursting to pee" 

Boy: "Where did you manage to change clothes though? And where did mom pee actually?" 

Girl: "erm... i think she wet herself as well actually, the man in the shop let us in and i could use a small room in the back to change, but she also went in after me so i think she changed her panties" They had just arrived in the little shop as the boy turned around and said: "Oh really now, so what now? we're just supposed to find a magically appearing toilet while no one else can either?" 

Just as they entered the shop Luna chimed in, "If i wouldn't know any better i think your mom used your accident to hide her own accident, so she took you with her so she could also change." 

Chloe: "honestly i already thought it was kind of stupid when i saw you change in your sweatpants, you're gonna have to pee again before the train arrives, so why change?" 

Luna: "We're Luna and Chloe btw" 

They started a conversation with, apparently Billy and Emma as they introduced themselves to Luna and Chloe. They started to help comfort Emma while she was clearly bursting to pee 

Billy said: "Ok that makes sense why she took Emma with her actually, i'm sorry, i know you really need to pee but i have no idea where you could go... " 

With a sad look in her eyes Emma said "I really don't want to have another accident, i normally never have accidents... and so many people will notice i have wet my pants when i have to walk all the way back" she said in a sorrowful voice 

Luna: "Try not to feel ashamed, alot of people on the train have had accidents by now so there's absolutely nothing to be embarassed about, "look" Luna lifted her skirt up a bit so Emma could see her wet patch on her leggings, "See? Honestly if it was my decision i would tell you it's ok to go in your pants right now." 

Emma: "But... so many people would see" 

Billy: "She's right though, Emma it's ok if you have an accident, and you're really not the only one. And don't worry what mom said ok?" 

"It's ok, i can still hold" Emma said in a weak voice while holding her hand in her crotch, "Yea but for how long?" Chloe asked

"Oy, that's rude" Luna chimed in, "ok ok sorry" 

Luna: "What Chloe is trying to say is that it doesn't matter too hold it for as long as possible as you're gonna have to pee sooner or later anyway. Also your bladder will start to feel uncomfortable or even hurt if you hold for too long" 

Emma: "Is it really ok?" she asked Billy

Billy nodded "Yes really, If you start feeling uncomfortable you can just let it go, no need to feel ashamed about it."

"ok" 

It seemed that they had comforted Emma for now as they started to check out what the little shop had to offer. 

It was a small shop with a few standing tables were people could consume their food or drinks, even some warm snacks and beverages to the groups delight. There was one table with some people on but they were just leaving Luna saw. The shopkeeper was big and overweight but he had one of those friendly faces, Luna could just tell by looking at him. 

"Woa i want a double grilled ham and cheese please" Chloe ordered, "Same for me" Luna ordered, "with ketchup?" the shopkeeper asked, They took a step back after finishing their order so the others could order as well. 

Emma was squirming while standing next to Billy while he was ordering their food, Luna and Chloe stood right behind them and she could see that Emma's pink sweatpants had "cute" spelled in white letters on her butt, which was quite funny thought Luna, as she knew the girl was gonna wet those pants sooner than later. And then as Luna had predicted... 

She could see how Emma was still squirming while suddenly she stopped and slightly parted her legs, a few seconds later she could see how she relaxed as her shoulders dropped a bit. She could hear her saying in a soft voice to Billy: 

"I'm peeing" and just as she said it Luna started to see a wet patch form and expand on her butt while also starting to expand down her legs making the fabric change into a more reddish pink. "Ofcourse, no problem" Billy comforted her, while patting her on the head. 

With the extra comforting from her brother Luna could now tell that Emma was fully releasing her bladder as she could start to hear a faint hissing noise. Her butt and inside of her legs were now glistening as her pee started to cascade down and soak her inner tighs and the back of her legs. "that must feel good now doesn't it?" Luna asked, Emma turned around so she faced Chloe and Luna aswell. She could see a smile of content on her face "Yea, and i'm still peeing" she chuckled, All four of them were looking down now, looking how a puddle was starting to form at Emma's feet as she was still peeing in her pants. She could now also see the front of her sweat pants wich was glistening with pee from her crotch all the way down. Atleast she was staying calm about it Luna thought, she was glad the comforting had helped. 

"Ok i'm done" Emma announced 

The shopkeeper gave them the ticket of their orders and told them it will be ready in a few minutes. It seemed he had overheard their conversation from earlier as he glanced over his counter and saw Emma standing in her puddle with still glistening wet pants, a gentle smile appeared on his face. With a deep but friendly voice he said: "That's a big puddle for a little girl if you ask me, that must've felt good didn't it?" 

"uhhm... yea, sorry" Emma stammered while starting to blush. 

"No need to apologize, you did nothing wrong. Anyway i'll get your food ready in a few minutes while you guys wait" 

*014*2022-11-08 17:43

{{28 minutes ago, Matias said: 

Hey. Just wanna say I also enjoyed the first chapter. If you include those kind of side stories it would be a great add to the main plot! 

}}

I did have a small side story in mind for Vicky, but as i'm writing it now i realise this story is gonna be alot bigger in chapters than i thought, so the idea was to drop that one. 

Some more background origins will also be coming at some point for Dr. Neuhauss. 

But i'm getting ahead of myself here as they haven't reached the ship yet, and that's where the story really gets going 😁 

In the next chapter they'll be boarding the ship 👀 

*015*2022-11-08 17:48

Seeing the positivity about first chapter i might redo it a bit, if i reread it now it looks like a mess at the beginning 😁 

*019*2022-11-12 00:08

Thanks for the feedback 😄

It's fun to see people enjoying this and reading your comments

But lets continue!

Chapter 4:

###

The 4 of them had taken a spot on one of the tables and were munching on their snacks while chatting about what they wanted to do and see on the cruise, Luna started with saying she definitely wanted to go to the ice rink and see one of the aqua theater shows which were apparently of very high quality according to reviews. Emma said she also wanted to see those as well as the huge arcade on board.

Billy went with testing all the various foods as well as the waterparks but wouldn't say no to the arcade as well. 

Chloe just said "everything", 

"That's actually a serious challenge" Emma laughed. 

"That ship is humongous, you know that right?" Luna added, 

"Okay okay i didn't really look up the info like you guys apparantly did," While Chloe took a bite out of her sandwich, with a mouthfull she continued "i know it's supposed to be big but i'll decide when i get there what i want first." 

Emma had started worrying about her wet pants, "Do you think mom will be mad?" She asked Billy, 

"don't worry, i'll tell them you had an accident" Billy reassured her. 

"It's not like you could help it, most girls have had accidents on the train anyway" Chloe added. 

"Well it wasn't exactly an accident" Emma said. "It felt really...." she suddenly cut off what she was saying 

"wait, how was it not an accident?" Luna said in between bites. 

"I mean, that i could've held it longer," Emma sheepishly admitted "but you guys said there was no point in holding it for longer if i started to feel uncomfortable" After another bite she added, "So it's not really an accident right?" 

"Lets just tell mom & dad you had an accident, you're right, lets not risk them getting angry over nothing" 

After some more minutes had passed by, "Did any of you ever had accidents?" Emma asked curiously 

"I once peed in my snowpants" Emma blurted out, and added "When i was about your age actually" 

"How come you had an accident?" Emma continued between slurps of her drink. 

"Well technically it wasn't an accident" Luna started to blush heavily now, why did she speak up again? She should've kept quiet, this was her own little secret. 

This time it was Chloe who asked, "So how was your accident technically not an accident then? 

"Ok, i think i know what you mean now Emma" Luna said, realising where this was headed, quickly trying to change the subject after. 

They finished their food and were sipping on drinks as Luna felt the first signs of her bladder filling again, which also gave her an idea. She told Emma to not announce her need to pee anymore while she's on her seat. Instead just pee in your already wet pants so you don't draw attention. Else your mom might send you 2 across the train again to find a place to pee, or change your clothes again or something. Billy agreed and Chloe nodded approvingly.

Emma nodded with a bit of a blush on her face. 

They walked back to their respective seats with Emma saying a thank you to Luna and Chloe for earlier, which they answered with a "no problem" 

Her mom let out a sigh when she saw Emma's wet pants, Billy immediately interjected that it was an accident and she couldn't help it. As Luna had predicted their parents were both somewhat understandable about the situation, she probably just wanted to clarify earlier to her daughter it wasn't ok to pee herself whenever she liked. Of course the girl can't help accidents right now. Parenting must be tough in a situation like this, Luna thought. 

4:20 in on the train ride, 10mins to go. 

When they came back from the shop earlier Luna had consciously adjusted her skirt when she sat down, so she wouldn't sit on it. This time she wasn't gonna make it as obvious she thought. 

She could've held it for longer for sure, she wasn't bursting yet, but the train was gonna arrive soon and she didn't want to get caught having an accident when they're walking to the ship. With her leggings and skirt it's easy to hide as long as she's peeing while sitting. 

Still wary about the fact she was sitting on a seat in a train and about to re wet her panties and leggings with all of her classmates around her, she couldn't help but starting to blush. She started to relax and a few seconds later she was greeted with a stream of warm pee heating up her crotch and butt once more as she was rewetting her panties and leggings while she relished the feeling.

The first time she had wet on the train she had felt forced to have an accident, now she was more relaxed and was enjoying this a lot more. She could feel it start to pool around her butt as she was emptying her bladder in her seat. After a while her stream started to subside and she pushed the last few drops in her panties and leggings. She glanced around to check if anyone had noticed, but it seemed nobody had... until she caught Emma's gaze, Luna could tell she was looking at her very wet crotch. She must've seen her wet herself just now, Emma looked up from Luna's crotch and give her a smile. Luna returned the smile. She could see the pee stain on her pink pants that had faded from earlier.

###

The first time Emma had peed herself in her jean shorts she was mortified about it. Her bladder was hurting as well by the time she finally released, although once she did start to pee it felt amazing to finally be able to feel that relieve. 

Then later at the little shop they convinced her to let go instead of keep holding it and not to be ashamed. Truth is, once her embarrassment got pushed to the side with the comforting help of her brother,Luna and Chloe, she secretly had enjoyed peeing in her pants. The experience of releasing in her pants and how she could feel it running down her legs was pure bliss. She almost blurted out earlier when they were eating together that she enjoyed it, of course she couldn't say that! She blushed even thinking about it. 

When they came back from the shop she Had done exactly what Luna had told her to and didn't say anything about her need to pee to her parents when her bladder started to fill. Which went pretty quickly as she had been drinking even more than before, partially because she's thirsty but also because she knew she would need to pee sooner. 

Emma had seen Luna just wet herself in her seat right in front of her, my turn she thought. And although she didn't want to acknowledge it, she had been looking forward to just relax and go in her seat... But what would her parents say when their daughter pissed her pants in front of them without even asking or saying anything? 

She relaxed her bladder and just as she felt her pee was about to come out she stopped again, she was really anxious about peeing herself on purpose. A few seconds later she started to relax again and she could feel that she started to leak in her pants, after about 2 seconds she stopped again. Her pants had still the pee stain from earlier that had faded because it had dried quite a bit by now. But as she glanced down to her crotch she could now see a new small wet patch had formed. 

She felt the familiar warmth and immediately wanted to let go of the rest, but again, she was worried for her parents reaction, not sure what to do she glanced to Luna. She saw Luna looking at her and she silently mouthed the words. "let go" 

Emma gazed back down to her own crotch now. Thanks to Luna she had made up her mind, she wanted to feel that blissfull feeling again. She parted her legs a bit as she relaxed and let out a stream of pee, she saw the wet patch spread simultaneously with the feeling of warmth in her crotch, she felt it going downwards now aswell, seeping trough her pants and into the seat. She was in pure bliss once again. 

She committed to fully relaxing. No point in holding back she thought, they're gonna notice it anyway. As she started to hear a feint hissing noise, she could feel it starting to pool around her butt. Her pants were glistening with pee by now as she could see the stain creep up almost to her knees. A grin came on her face as she realised she was peeing herself for the 3rd time now today. 

Her mom and dad had finally noticed, "Are you peeing in your pants again?" their tone sounded more angry than understanding this time, but Emma didn't care anymore. She relished the feeling, after a few more seconds she could feel her stream subside and she pushed the last remaining drops in her soaked sweatpants, she sighed from content.

Her butt was wet and warm from the pee that had pooled on the seat, she could feel it slowly soak into the seat now. Slowly her focus came back to the situation at hand, her mom and dad were looking at her with an expression that she couldn't really place, where they mad? disappointed? both? 

Her parents had been speechless for a few seconds by now as her mom was the first to regain her composure and say, "Emma, did you just pee yourself on purpose?" 

Billy intertwined, "Sorry, i told her earlier in the shop that if she still had to pee she could just go in her pants, as they were already wet anyway there's not much we or she can do about it anyway. So this is probably my fault?" 

###

Luna loved how Billy stood up and protected his little sister, she could hear them argue for a little bit longer but then the intercom announced that they would be arriving at the station in just a few minutes, as everyone started to gather their stuff and check if they hadn't forgotten anything the discussion had ended, Billy and Emma were saved by the bell so to speak. 

They all stood up to exit the train as Emma was right in front of Luna and she could see the big pee stain on the back of her pants now, the words "cute" were completely soaked now, she chuckled a little bit, she really hadn't held back Luna thought. When they were standing in the aisle, Emma turned around and their eyes met when a grin formed on her face. 

She was a little bit envious of the little girl, when she was her age she would never have dared to fully wet herself like that. Although the one time while building the snowman was fun though. 

###

They were walking with their suitcases trough the station, Luna could already smell the sea. The hallway was big and high with a blend of metal and glass. Very modern Luna thought. Walking from the station to the port was gonna take just a few minutes of walking she overheard, as they made their way trough the exit towards the port she could hear some "wow" and "holy shit" erupt in front of them. They passed the corner and she saw why. They had a clear view of the port now which spread far and wide with a lot of ships anchored, some small and bigger ones but there was one that stood out from the rest. 

It was enormous and majestic, as they were walking closer it only started to tower over them more and more. So this is the Symphony of the Seas?! Chloe hadn't said a word yet, as Luna glanced to her side she could see her walking next to her with her mouth agape. Luna couldn't hold back laughter seeing her expression. 

"So this is her huh?" Vicky caught up to them walking, "I swear it looks so much bigger in person" 

So this is where they'll be spending the next 2 weeks on, Luna thought. 

###

The ship "Symphony of the Seas"

%https://www.nedcruise.info/symphony of the seas.htm


*024*2022-11-14 21:36

A bit shorter this time, but definitely not less fun i hope 😄

Chapter 5:

###

They all boarded the ship while being in awe of the sheer size and beauty of the interior, firstly they went to the service desks to get checked in.

The check-in went without any issues, they got their room number with a key card for each person. Meanwhile while checking in they had seen a Karen going total nuts against the service desk while holding the hand of a little boy who had clearly wet his pants. 

Luna could've sworn she heard her yell against the service desk that she wanted to see the manager, She couldn't be sure what it was about as it was hard to hear from their distance, not that she cared too much. They went on their way further on the ship. 

As they were on their way towards their rooms they were further taking in the ship as it was as beautiful as they had expected, if not more so.

They walked with their luggage trough what they called "central park" it was basically a long road with nature, grass, plants, flowers and trees in the middle and shops and restaurants on the outside, it was beautiful and impressive while they noticed there was another street below them, like a boulevard with it's own shops and diners as well what seemed to be a mini carnival "truly impressive" Chloe remarked. 

They wanted to go and explore already but Luna had felt her bladder fill up by now and she knew she was gonna need relieve pretty soon, going to look for a toilet that was open was probably a bad idea right now as they were carrying their luggage still. Although they did make a quick stop just to get a drink as she and Chloe were thirsty, almost every corner had a stand or shop or whatever else you can imagine giving away drinks, all for free of course. 

They did learn at the service desk that at some of the restaurants you needed to pay extra if they wanted to eat there as those were a la carte while most other dining places were buffet style. 

They took the elevator ("omg they have several elevators on a ship?" Chloe squeeled) to get to the floor where their room was. 

As they entered their 2 person room, they took in the space, they instantly noticed that the bed was one kingsize bed for the two of them. They hadn't been able to choose their rooms as they got chosen for them, so they didn't know what they were gonna get beforehand. 

Luna secretly liked the idea she was gonna be sleeping in the same bed as Chloe, they were best friends after all, so that's normal right? Right? she didn't think too long about that last part. 

Chloe also didn't mind she said, "which side of the bed do you pick?" she added. They quickly agreed that Luna was taking the left side close to the window and Chloe the right side close to the exit and bathroom. 

So the plan was that they would go to the toilet and take a shower before unpacking and going to explore the ship. But as they started to take in the room they had noticed a serious problem in their plan. They noticed the toilet was separated from the bathroom but what was worse is that... it was closed. It had it's own red/green light above the door which was now on red. 

There was a pamflet on their desk with additional "room rules"

Luna started reading the pamflet out loud so Chloe could hear it as well.

###

Symphony of the Seas, room rules and info: 

- All rooms are equipped with the self cleaning and super absorbent material from "NoLiQ"

This includes: The carpet, couch and bed/mattress. 

- The toilet will be locked during the day, it will unlock somewhere in the late evening throughout the night until the morning to be locked again for the rest of the day. 

- There's an onboard washing service besides the bed sheets, you can also put your clothes in the bin (Luna could see a bin with a lid on in the bathroom) the clothes will get picked up, washed and returned the day after. All included in the service. 

- There's another utility in the room, a new prototype from NoLiQ solutions.

Instructions: Put your shoes in to clean and dry within a few minutes to half an hour! (Luna already wondered what the microwave ish thing was that she saw standing in the bathroom as well)

###

"Ok so... it doesn't say we can't pee while showering right?" Chloe remarked, "Oh come on, don't tell me you never pee in the shower" they both giggled.

Luna confirmed that it didn't say in the pamflet that it wasn't allowed. 

Luna said she could wait to shower and that Chloe could go first.

"Are you sure? You looked pretty desperate a few minutes ago when we entered." Chloe pointed out. 

Luna reassured her she would be fine and that Chloe could take her time in the shower, she had a bit of a plan that she came up with while reading the pamflet. You see, she was gonna have a few minutes for herself while Chloe would shower. And Chloe was correct, she was bursting to pee but she hid that fact as best as she could. 

Chloe picked out some clothes to change into, took her toilet bag and went into the bathroom. 

During the day a lot had happened, and Luna had seen and experienced a lot during the train ride. She had felt turned on multiple times seeing others wet themselves. Well, even thought she didn't want to acknowledge it, it was Chloe her wettings that was mostly the reason she got turned on but still. Also her own wettings had made her horny, but she felt all that was still in her system. And she really needed to pee but she had seen a chance to do something she had wanted to do since she was little. Just thinking about it already made her turned on again. 

When Luna could hear the lock close, she came into action. She walked over to her side of the kingsize bed, took the blanket off partially and sat down with her legs spread wide on the bed, sitting on her skirt and still wearing her school outfit with damp panties and leggings as she was overthinking the plan again. Her heart was beating rapidly. When she could hear Chloe turn on the shower, she made up her mind. "fuck it" she thought. 

She pressed her hand against her damp crotch under her skirt, relaxed and pushed. She felt a spurt go in her panties and felt the wetness on her fingers, she let out another longer spurt and to her delight she could feel her crotch warm up again. She leaned back and let herself fall flat on her back on the bed now, "last chance to stop" she thought. But instead she fully relaxed and she started rubbing her pussy trough her leggings as she felt a stream of hot pee enter her pants and stream trough her fingers downwards into her skirt, she could feel her butt get wet and heat up as she could notice her skirt was getting soaked. But she didn't stop as she was getting even more turned on now. As she was alone in the room, for now at least. She couldn't resist the temptation and shove her hand in her panties and started rubbing her clit while she kept spraying piss in her panties and on her hand. She was struggling to hold back her moans as she was in total bliss, while she could feel the warmth wetness spread under her she could feel that she was gonna reach the biggest orgasm she had ever had in just a few seconds. 

She inserted two fingers in her vagina making her stop her own stream. She fingered herself hard and in just a few seconds she could feel herself starting to squirt against her hand as she felt waves of pure pleasure course trough her. She grabbed her pillow from the bed and pressed her face into it, a second later she climaxed and spasms went trough her whole body. She moaned loudly into the pillow as she felt her panties getting soaked even more now, meanwhile her orgasm lasted a lot longer than she's used to. Her mind went blank as she could feel how her juices were still gushing in her panties and started running down her butt. 

She was in pure bliss until finally, her orgasm started to subside and her spasms started to become less. Holy shit she thought, she could feel the last few squirts going into her panties as she slowly came back to her senses, she could feel how her pee was further soaking into the mattress as she could suddenly hear Chloe shut off the water in the shower.

###

Chloe was sure she had heard something while showering, not sure what it was though. She opened the door of the bathroom, and to her surprise, Luna standing in front of her. Her face bright red and with her toilet bag and fresh clothes in hand. 

"Did you um... have a good shower?" Luna stammered 

"Um... yea, i guess it's your turn now?" Chloe replied slightly confused with what was going on with Luna. 

Luna quickly passed around Chloe while turning around and walking backwards into the bathroom, "see you in a bit" Luna said. 

Ok now that was weird thought Chloe. 

###

With a big exhale she locked the door, that was close but Luna was pretty sure she got away with it. Her hands and legs were still shaking a bit from earlier. 

She inspected herself in the mirror and saw a huge wet patch on the back of her skirt, all the way from the hem to the top, she also noticed the back of her shirt and blouse got wet with pee as well. 

Now that she had regained her composure her bladder send out a signal that it wanted the rest to release, somehow she was still turned on as well. 

She removed her clothes except for shirt and leggings and went into the shower, she shove her hand in her panties once more and released a hot stream of pee going trough her fingers as she started to rub her pussy once more. 

She could feel streaks of pee were going down her legs, "round 2" she thought. 

*026*2022-11-19 19:17

I also made some edits on the previous chapters, fixed some typos and other mistakes i hadn't realised.

Enjoy chapter 6! 

###

Luna woke up in the morning, checked her phone and let out a yawn while stretching herself. 

She turned around and was greeted with a still sleeping Chloe next to her, she smiled when she saw her mouth hanging half open with some drool hanging out of her mouth.

She looked cute while sleeping Luna thought. Her thoughts went back to yesterday and everything that had happened, after her very eventfull and enjoyable shower they had both gotten dressed and started exploring the ship and everything it had to offer. 

They went to take a look at several of the food establishments, they also couldn't resist getting some ice cream... and then some waffles (Chloe said she couldn't resist) and then some more foreign streetfood (Again Chloe couldn't resist) for dinner they went to one of the restaurants with a buffet which was included in the price, it had cuisines from several different countries and while Luna wanted to try every single one of them she knew she wasn't gonna be able to eat that much sadly, but she'll be back later on in the cruise to try the rest. Chloe however was stubborn and tried anyway, Luna was impressed with how much she actually could eat though. 

"Lets make a deal." Chloe said as she finished one of her plates and started munching on a different type of food. 

"A deal? what kind of deal?" Luna asked while munching on her own food. 

"When this cruise ends and the ship docks, you're gonna have to do something for me" Chloe said with a playfull grin on her face. 

"hmm, sure i guess, but what?" Luna responded. 

Chloe swallowed and paused for a moment to say "You'll have to help me roll off the ship because i'll be so fat i won't be able to walk no more!" 

Luna came close to spraying food all over the table as she bursted out in laughter. 

After finishing their meal they went on their way again. 

Over time they had noticed that the drug did have another effect on their bladder though, making it more unpredictable. Sometimes their need to pee would start to build slowly, but just when you started thinking you might start looking for a toilet your bladder would start to fill a lot quicker, making you have to go in literally a few minutes before having an accident. This did make them worry a few times to find a toilet in time but luckily enough, the first one they found was always open. Luna found this odd, as she started to feel all toilets were always open. Chloe also confirmed this suspicion, but for how long would they stay open? 

They met up with some of the others of their class and got a few drinks in one of the bars on the deck. They had a great time together on the ship and fully satisfied they had gone back to their room to get a good nights rest. 

Luna's bed was nice and comfy she thought, but yet she didn't have a great nights rest. She often woke up needing to pee to get up to go to the toilet and try to get back to sleep, and of course same was for Chloe, meaning she would sometimes wake up from her going to the toilet as well. But with everytime that Luna woke up she got more and more interested in the idea of simply staying in her warm and cozy bed to slowly relax and let her pee soak in the mattress and her sheets . With all that had happened yesterday her interest around her little fantasy had greatly expanded. And of course bedwetting had always been a part of that, she never had the guts to actually do it however. 

While yesterday she technically did wet her bed and luckily Chloe never found out, she had put the blanket over the wet spot and as she had predicted, this NoLiQ branded mattresses were just as good as their train seat counterparts. By the evening she didn't notice a single sign from her little(big) wet adventure. She had no intentions to wet a bed she's sharing while Chloe is laying in it, what would she think of her? The idea made her shiver about the embarrassment she would feel if Chloe found out. 

Luna snapped out of her thoughts, she quickly looked away from Chloe as she noticed she was waking up and she realised she had been staring at her all this time. 

"Morning sunshine" said Chloe sleepily 

"Morning, devourer of buffets" Luna said jokingly, she dodged Chloe's pillow flying at her head a second later. 

Luna felt happy, knowing she would spend another day with Chloe on this fantastic ship.

They decided they would test the wide choice of swimming pools and hottubs today, so Both wore their bikini's under their clothes as they left their room looking for some breakfast. 

Several of the food establishments were now equipped for breakfast, as they arrived in the main restaurant they were taken aback with how big it actually was, so many people and to be honest it was a little bit noisy. There were two buffets on each side of the big space which pretty much contained everything you would ever imagine for breakfast. Also the sheer amounts of food was impressive Luna thought. 

"Okay now" Smirked Luna "Please let some food over for the other people this time" 

A slightly evil grin came over Chloe's face as she looked back at Luna. 

They enjoyed their food and left to further explore the ship, they didn't really have a plan on what to do next so they would just go wherever they felt like, it was too early for swimming anyway they felt. 

They went to check out the spa and on their way there their bladders were starting to fill up after the drinks they had at the breakfast, so they were starting to look out for a toilet. Although they quickly noticed a new trend. However they had passed several toilets on their way to the spa and well.. they were all closed so far, they both really needed relieve by the time they arrived at the entrance for the spa. 

"So um... any plans?" Luna asked, "I think we got too comfortable yesterday, were gonna piss ourselves at this rate aren't we?" 

Chloe said in an unconvincing manner "Hold up, i actually kind of have an idea. 'Accidents are allowed' she recited the rule, if we go in the spa and into a sauna or something we can enter in bikini, we'll at least won't wet our clothes." 

"Genius" Luna said, it wasn't allowed to walk around inside the ship in swimsuits where you don't actually need it. (This is to keep people from walking all over the ship and in restaurants in swimsuits) And in the spa it's obviously allowed. although she was starting to get get aroused by the idea of having an accident in the near future. 

As their desperation was starting to reach dangerous levels they bolted inside and took off their clothes as fast as possible, they went in and there were several signs pointing into different things they could choose from. 

"Choose something! i'm literally gonna piss myself any second now" Chloe said panicking, 

With her hand in her crotch doing a pee dance Luna shouted "Steambath!" 

Chloe darted away heading for the steambath's with Luna right behind her, they found the entrances, picked one at random that seemed empty and barged in. Just as they entered Luna could see droplets going down on Chloe her legs, seeing Chloe starting to wet herself made it even harder for herself to hold it now. Suddenly they got hit by the hot and very moist air inside the room, this was too much for Luna as she could feel herself losing control and a spurt went into her bikini pants which she immediately felt going down her legs. 

Chloe however, had completely lost control, pee was running down her legs while some was also splattering on the ground straight from her crotch while she was standing in the middle of the room. 

With the combination of everything, the sudden moist air, her overly full bladder and Chloe standing in front of her pissing herself while it was loudly splattering on the ground. She further lost control as she felt another spurt go in her bikini, she was trying to hold with her hand against her crotch. On top of all that she was getting aroused seeing Chloe peeing herself in front of her. Her hand felt wetness as another bigger spurt escaped. But with the view of Chloe standing in her quickly expanding puddle Luna finally gave in. She felt her piss spraying trough her bikini and in her hand as she finally released, some was running down her legs but most she could hear and feel splattering below her. 

Embarrassment and panic changed into ecstatic relieve for both of the girls as they were fully wetting their bikini's, after more than a minute later their streams finally subsided and stopped.

Their puddles were huge, they had spread and connected into one big puddle halfway trough their accidents. 

*ahem* 

Luna glanced to the side where the sound came from and to her absolute horror... she saw a man and woman sitting in the corner of the room which they hadn't seen when entering, probably somewhere in their late 20s. Luna felt her heart sink through the floor from embarrassment. 

Chloe opened her mouth but was too shocked to say anything 

"We're so sorry!" Luna stammered 

To both their surprises the couple just burst out in laughter...

Luna and Chloe were standing awkwardly and confused in their combined puddle waiting for the couple to regain their composure, when they finally did they just casually explained. 

"It's too funny because we did exactly the same like 15 minutes ago, we came in, pissed ourselves and there was a family in here with a little boy and the women went full karen on us, anyway they immediately left after going on a rant." 

The couple reassured them their accident was fine, after Chloe and Luna regained their composure and calmed down they took a seat and started to enjoy their spa. Relieved they weren't in trouble they happily started to chat with the couple. It seemed they had a very similar experience than them, yesterday they hadn't had any problems finding toilets but today it was a different story. This did make them come up with an idea however, which they started to explain to Luna and Chloe: 

"We're just gonna enjoy the cruise, i mean, have you seen this ship?" 

(Chloe and Luna nodded) as the woman continued "If we need to pee we'll look for a toilet, if we can't find one and we get really desperate it is what it is and we'll wet ourselves." 

The man then continued "No need to be embarrassed right? I feel like a lot of people will have accidents anyway, so why not enjoy the cruise instead of worrying so much?" 

"I agree actually, you can always go to your room later and switch clothes whenever you want anyway" Chloe chimed in, "depending how far you're from it at least" 

"Exactly" the couple and Luna agreed.

Luna's thoughts started racing, Chloe had just agreed with the couple's plan to accept imminent accidents and just let it happen if they couldn't immediately find a toilet. This was big for her, as she wanted to have some more accidents herself, preferably with Chloe but she was very shy still. 

The problem was also that there were people everywhere it seemed, she's still way too shy to openly let go in her pants in public she thought. 

After a while the other couple said they were gonna move on to see other stuff, 

"But first, um... do you guys mind if.. we...? you know." 

"Huh?" Said Luna in a confused tone 

"Oh it's okay, we don't mind go ahead" Chloe quickly said, ignoring Luna's confusion while she knew what was going on. 

The couple stood up and as they both spread their feet apart Luna suddenly realised what they were talking about, a couple of seconds later both started peeing through their swimsuits making the room fill with splattering noises once again. They made a new puddle without much sign of embarrassment, they finished and both said their goodbyes and left. Luna admired and was slightly envious how casually they had wet themselves in front of them. 

"What do you think about their plan?" Luna asked, "I'm to shy to actually wet myself in public, besides that, i do feel like they make a good point" 

"I agree with being too shy" Chloe said, "Like, some people probably won't leave their room all that much because they're scared of having an accident, but they'll miss out on all the good stuff. It's unheard of and weird but they actually have a point." 

They explored the spa some more, tried the hottub as last.

Both were carefree relaxing in the hottub while sipping a drink.

"Want to go check out something else in a bit? Also i'm getting hungry." Chloe said with her eyes closed relaxing. 

"Sure, want to check out the mexican restaurant? They had really good looking burritos" 

"Oh you bet, i love burrito" 

"Before we leave though, i need to pee again." Luna admitted shyly, She waited to see how Chloe would respond as she wanted to know what Chloe would think of peeing in the hottub. 

Chloe didn't respond for a few seconds, still with her eyes closed, but suddenly "Aahh that does feel good, i needed to pee as well thanks for reminding me" 

They both giggled a bit until Luna relaxed and added her pee to the hottub as well. 

###

After dinner they were gonna meet up with some of their classmates who had texted them to tell them they were at one of the swimming pools on deck, it's one of the big ones that had hottubs on the side, bars around the pool and even one in the middle of the pool which was really cool thought Luna. 

As they were headed towards the pool they were again getting pretty desperate, they immediately removed their clothes and put it with the rest of their friends when they arrived at the pool. They had asked to bring some drinks from the bar as well so they were both squirming a bit while waiting for the drinks, Luna took the first few and speed walked to the hottub they were sitting in. It must've been pretty obvious the way she walked she was pretty desperate at this point, as she arrived she realised there was only one spot left. She quickly jumped in, passed the drinks to the others, sad down and tried her best to look normal while she fully relaxed and released her full bladder. 

Vicky chuckled, "haha, you're so peeing right now aren't you?" 

Luna felt her cheeks get red, "Um... no, why do you think that?" she lied. 

"It's pretty obvious not gonna lie." Selena added while smirking. 

"It's fine, everyone is pissing in here, these pools and hottubs all have a new type of chlorine that deals better with urine anyway, and apparently it's simply allowed to pee in here" Liv shrugged 

While still peeing Luna changed the subject, "Chloe can be here any second with the other drinks" her stream finally started to subside after over a minute. 

"Oh i was already wondering where your girlfriend was" Peyton mentioned 

Luna was shocked, "huh, excuse me?" 

"I'm just kidding, chill" Peyton joked. 

"Coming trough with drinks, move move" Chloe came speedwalking. 

She jumped in the hottub, spread out the remaining drinks, as Luna was thinking of where Chloe could sit she found out Chloe had already decided.

She plunged down on Luna's lap, while sitting sideways so she could also look at Luna, 

"do you mind if i use your lap?" Chloe said with a big smile on her face. 

A bit flustered of being this close to her, "u-um no, it's fine" 

Luna could suddenly feel something on her leg, a slight stream of warmth. 

"Chloe are you peeing on my lap?!" 

Chloe had the most blank expression ever on her face as she said in a squeeky voice, 

"maybe?" 

Everyone in the hottub burst out in laughter while Luna felt her face becoming bright red, she couldn't think of anything to say at this point as she felt herself getting incredibly turned on knowing her friend was peeing on her lap. Luna was so confused about the fact that she was enjoying this even though she shouldn't, she only ever felt that way with Chloe though. She was starting to relish this feeling and was getting fluttering feelings in her stomach as she could still feel Chloe's stream on her lap meaning she was still very much peeing on her. 

"I'm almost done" Chloe said apologetic 

Everyone laughed even harder as they realised she was still peeing on Luna's lap. 

She could finally feel her stream subside. Luna sighed, trying to calm herself as her head was spinning with so many emotions going through her right now. 

Chloe must've thought she was really angry when she saw the expression on her face as she started to apologize profusely. 

"I'm really sorry i really couldn't hold it anymore, please forgive me, i was hoping you wouldn't notice it to be honest, but you see there weren't any spots left anymore and i just couldn't..." Chloe started to get tears in the corners of her eyes Luna noticed, she felt really bad. 

She finally regained her composure somewhat "It's fine, i'm not mad, were in the water anyway. And still, for some reason i simply cannot get mad at you no matter what." Luna smiled at that last part.

Luna could tell a huge load dropped off her shoulders.

###

Meanwhile in the pool right next to the hottub was sitting a family with a little boy in between his mom and dad, they had just overheard how they mentioned they were freely peeing into the water. 

"Repulsive! What do they think they're doing? This is unacceptable!! I'll speak to the manager about this!" The Karen went on a rant while little Timmy in the middle was simply wondering how it was possible they were sitting in the pool for at least a full hour already and his parents hadn't showed a sign of needing the toilet, before coming to the pool they would have to find a toilet every half hour. 

"These disgusting girls should take an example of our Timmy here, he would never pee in the pool like that" the karen continued, while Timmy was blushing because he had just peed in the pool five minutes ago, for the 3rd time since entering the pool.

###

Their group had noticed the karen going on a rant about them, Luna just recognized she was the karen from yesterday at the service desk as suddenly Vicky stood up and talked back loudly (Luna just noticed now they must have been drinking for a while before they arrived as they seemed a bit buzzed) 

"Please tell me how you and little Timmy there haven't peed in the pool yet while you've been sitting there longer than us, explain that!" 

"Because in comparison to you we have common decency!" the karen yelled back 

"Gimme a break!" She flipped off the karen, she continued in a casual tone "talking about peeing, actually i kind of have to go" 

She still stood upright in the hottub as she spread her feet apart and instantaneously started peeing trough her bikini, a clear stream was falling down and hitting the water making splattering noises. 

"ugh, REVOLTING, don't look Timmy, she's disgusting!" the Karen went on. 

While everyone in the hottub burst out laughing again, they were getting tears in their eyes by now as now also some people outside their group in the pool and on the side started to laugh as well. Although a few were also disgusted by Vicky her actions and sided with the karen it seemed. 

Still mid stream Vicky lowered herself back down in the hottub, while the karen was still blowing steam. 

"You should get kicked off of the ship you disgusting human being." 

Suddenly they heard someone with a deep and rumbling voice, 

"You know there's plenty of other places you could go on this ship right?" As a massive bald black man stood up from the pool a bit further away, Luna had no idea he was that big while he was sitting in the water. He must have been 1m90 at least, all muscles with an athletic body.

He slowly walked towards the karen as he continued, "You see, i hate people like you, talking about decency while ironically you have none" 

He now stood in front of the karen and her family, he could probably just pick up the karen and throw her out of the pool if he wanted to, Luna thought. From the expression on the karens face she probably came to the same conclusion. 

"Come on, explain to me how in the last hour or so you haven't been out of the pool but have the audacity to go on a rant about someone else pissing in the water." The karen's family quickly went out of the pool dragging little Timmy with her. "Let people enjoy their cruise and go be annoying somewhere else" The man ended his lecture and turned around and went back sitting with who must've been his wife or girlfriend. 

Peyton whispered just loud enough that everyone in their hottub could hear it, "I would so let him fuck me" With the others giggling 

Eventually the whole thing calmed down and they changed the subject, meanwhile one of their other classmates got out of the hottub wich made room for Chloe to get her own place to sit. 

They started talking about boys, and as the other girls started to gossip Luna felt herself a bit excluded for the first time. She had dated a boy before about a year ago (just before she had met Chloe) and while she had no bad memories of it, afterwards she kind of felt that she did that because her other classmates and friends were dating and she wanted to feel like she belonged. 

But while her classmates were chatting about dates, Luna couldn't help herself letting her mind wander off to Chloe, who was now sitting diagonally across from her.

No matter where she went, or what she did, if Chloe was with her they always had a good time. No matter how boring the class or event was they were at, as long as she was with her she always felt content. 

About a month earlier they had to make their final big project for school individually, but by her own stupid mistake she had lost all her work for it. Luna had given up all hope for it and was gonna have to accept the consequences for her mistake which would probably result in a big hit on her school report, in worst case even failing her entire year. But Chloe refused to give up and stayed up with her all night at her house, remaking all the stuff she had lost. It was far from perfect but when she told the full story to her teacher she went easy on her and in the end it all worked out and she had a good enough rate. All thanks to Chloe of course. Ever since then she had a bit of a weak spot for her and she had never been able to repay her for that. 

She had always thought she was straight. But with everything that she had went through with Chloe lately, Luna was starting to come to terms that her friendship with Chloe might mean more to her than just being friends, she had chosen to ignore her feelings all this time. But she already knew this longer than she wanted to acknowledge. She has no idea how to deal with her feelings however. However, she did know that she wanted to get closer to Chloe during this trip and learn more about her. 

After a while they all got out of the pool and got dressed as it was getting late, (they had brought along their evening clothes so they could change out of their bikini's) They hung out around the bars when it was getting dark outside, having fun playing all sorts of games while having drinks. Luna could feel herself getting drunk by now even though she was frequently drinking coke and water in between the cocktails. Another thing she started to notice however is that the combination of the many drinks, alcohol and the experimental drug were having a serious effect on her bladder, every 15 minutes or so she had to leap to the toilet, thankfully there were plenty of toilets around the bar areas, and so far their lights were all on green. 

Luna excused herself once more, to go find a toilet were the line wasn't too long, which was slowly becoming a problem she noticed, even with all the toilets open at the moment.

Some of the others followed her as well, finally they found one that didn't have a long line. And just as they left to go back to the others they noticed the green light switching to red. People complained and wined who were waiting in line and bolted away looking for another toilet that was open. 

She, Chloe, Liv and Peyton made it back to the others while she noticed chaos was starting to erupt on the deck's bar area. 

Minutes went by as they came to the conclusion that seemingly all toilets in the area had gone from green to red simultaneously... 

"I swear they're doing this on purpose" Luna said, 

"Our room is on the other side of the ship" Chloe said, "we better get going, now!" 
