Wetting together

Author: ravenheart30

*000*2014-07-10 12:16

She sat beside him on the couch. He was working on his lyrics journal. He looked over and smiled at her, she seemed deep in thought, nervous about something.

"You alright sweetie?"

"I... wanted to talk to you about something," she said softly. "but I don't know how."

"You know you can tell me anything," he said putting his lyrics journal on the table.

"I'm scared...that you'll get mad at me," she said as tears filled her eyes.

"Awww come here...it's alright," he said giving her a hug. She leaned her head against his shoulder and cried. Tears dripping down her face.

"I love you. No matter what it is we can work it out. I'd never be mad at you. Shhhh it's alright," he whispered.

Her tears slowed down and she wiped her face. She sniffled and said, "it's embarrassing."

"I have a open mind and a open heart to you always," he said softly taking some Kleenex and gently dabbing her cheeks. "Would you like to write it down. That might be easier."

She nodded. He grabbed a pad of paper from the table and a pen. "I'll even look away as you write okay."

She wrote it down and folded it up and said, "Please read this after I leave the room."

She handed it to him blushing and went into the bedroom. She was so nervous. What he be disgusted with her? Would he get angry? She wished she could hide under the bed. Moments later he entered the room and sat beside her.

"I love you. Thank you for sharing this with me. I know it must have been difficult. I don't mind you having a interest in it. it's your fantasy. That's normal. I wouldn't mind even trying it out with you."

"Really?" she asked.

He nodded.

"So you're not mad?"

"Honey... I'm happy. Happy that you've shared your thoughts with me. It was very brave of you to do." he held her hands. "Please never be afraid to tell me anything. no matter what it is. You mean the world to me." he gently tucked a strand of blond hair behind her ear. "Why don't we do this. We can swing by olive garden and I'll get your favorite drink and I'll go to Starbucks and get coffee or tea and you can come hang out with me at the studio then tonight we can just...see what happens."

She blushed and smiled.

"Aww, there's that beautiful smile of yours that I adore."

He kissed her cheek and he got up, he offered his hand to help her up.

###

When he returned to the car with her drink he said, "Strawberry mango lemonada for my sweetheart. I made sure to check that they put mint in it."

"Thank you." She took a sip and enjoyed the sweet tartness of the strawberries and the fizz of the bubbles that tickled her throat.

###

The studio time was fun. Her sitting in the little sound booth watching him sing. He'd smile at her sometimes and blow her a kiss. He'd sip his iced mocha to sooth his vocal chords. The look of his mouth on the straw made her blush and smile shyly. He looked gorgeous in his tight white t shirt and bellbottom jeans and sandals.

###

When they arrived at the house he was holding her hand. He let go to unlock the door she noticed that he was closing his legs a bit and looked like he was in a hurry to open the door. Upon entering he hugged her and kissed her lips. "So did you want to do this outside... like...somewhere in public or..alone?"

"Alone."

He kissed her lips gently again. "Okay...let's... go to the bedroom."

"You want to now?"

"I drank a lot of coffee. I feel...anxious and nervous but most of all I want to make you happy."

He hugged her and she rested her head on his shoulder. "I'll go get a towel for the bed."

She followed him and saw him lay a black towel on the king sized bed that had a gray comforter and bed sheet set.

"How would you like to do this?" he asked holding her hands.

She blushed and looked down shyly. He placed his finger tips beneath her chin and tilted her face up seeing her eyes were closed.

"It's alright... wherever you'd like...what does your fantasy want to do?"

"Sitting on your lap."

"Undressed or."

"In our underwear."

"I can do that." He kissed her lips resting his hands on her hips. Her hands lifting up his white shirt. He undid her jean zipper. She was too shy to admit it at that point but she kind of had this desire to pee as well. Not as bad as him though the way he suddenly crossed his legs a little.

He fought back the urge enough to say, "We can make this romantic. I can light candles for us and lower the lights."

She smiled and nodded. He got a lighter and lit rather quickly a few white candles on his dresser and his nightstand. She lowered her jeans to the floor and he removed his pants. He sat on the bed, Indian style with space between his legs for her to sit. She was about to sit there when he whispered, "You can sit beside me I just..."

She smiled at the outline of his hardness in his skin tight underwear. She kissed his cheek then turned on a spa sounds cd that was in his stereo. The soothing sounds of running and trickling water and ocean waves played softly in the background. She sat on the bed, her bottom resting on the towel in between his open legs and he said, "You can drape your legs over my thighs."

He tried not to think about her legs that were now wrapped around his hips. The pressure of her warm skin against his hips. She leaned her head down and they kissed.

"Just..might. take me a moment before I."

"Take your time. We have all night for."

That's when she felt it. The little spot of warm that soaked his underwear and her own. She blushed and didn't say a word. She didn't want to ruin the moment. The warmth on her skin made her start own little drips. She heard him sigh softly and as the flow got stronger wetting the front of his underwear completely he kissed her more, opening his mouth a little against hers and letting his tongue touch hers. He could feel her peeing, the heat and dampness wetting his thighs and hips.

"It feels so good you peeing on me like this," he whispered softly close to her ear. He started to kiss her neck. Their bodies warm with sweat and moisture.

"Now we can go take a nice warm shower together," she said softly. He kissed her nose then cheeks.

"Can we sit here for a few moments. feels nice... all warm and wet there. Let's not rush the fantasy. I'm glad I could join you with this experience. I feel like I know more about you now...more to love."

*003*2014-07-10 17:58

Thank you both for reading it and enjoying it!

*009*2014-07-13 22:16

Yea... too bad

*011*2014-07-14 17:08

Feel free to check out my other stories on this site. 'Alice Desperation' and 'Couldn't Wait'

