Collar Dreams part 2 - The Domme (original fiction)

Author: Aleana

*000*2012-02-26 07:11

"There are a few different ways the game can end," her calm, deliberate voice purrs. His eyes widen in surprise, because she has just quoted me word for word – but the effect is good. He realizes that once again, his fate is in somebody else's hands. Just because the role-play has been stripped away doesn't mean he's any less in her control. "Yes," she whispers, "You remember those words, don't you?"

He nods – what else can he do? Waves of rich brown hair that falls to his shoulders gleam in the dull light – a well-tanned face shows no signs of distress, except at the corners of his nearly black eyes. She's really screwing with him, though, because while she's treating him as a submissive, I'm here. The presence of his slave pretty much locks him in topspace, because my Master has always reacted more strongly to a slave than a Mistress, even though he's a switch. For right now he can handle it, but later….

This is an occupational hazard, unfortunately, of being one of those switches who always tops some people, and always bottoms others. While he's a very strong dominant, he does feel the need to submit, so he has me, his slave, and Her, his Mistress. I'm her slave, of course, through him. In this household, her word is law – she has been elevated nearly to the status of Goddess.

She gave him quite a bit to drink before tying him up, this Goddess of our household. The rest of the mini-bottles of water got good use – he downed several of them. My guess is that he drank something like 38 ounces – nearly a liter. While they're half the size of regular bottles, this is still quite a lot of water. That was the end of the mini-bottles, though, and I wonder what she's got planned.

I shift my weight from my heels to the floor on one side. This is a mistake – the concrete is icy, and the shock of its contact on my bare bottom sends a nasty shock through my full bladder. I'm not exactly in danger of losing control, but I still have to move – I bounce slightly in place, wincing. It's painful, though the pain is mixed in with a strange lightning-jolt pleasure.

She sees all of this, but his eyes were closed, so it's entirely possible he has no idea of my condition, only that his will surely surpass it. I was ordered to hold my water all day, and now I really, really need a pee – thinking about it makes me bob in place again, shoving my pussy into my thigh as I twist. It eases somewhat. He'll know soon enough.

See, this is something really clever that she's come up with – how much more torturous will his weight be when I sit before him? What will the sight of my twisting and curling, my hands thrust desperately in my tiring pussy to try and stop the inevitable, my moans of pain and hisses of shock at each passing wave do to him? How much harder will it be to hold on– and he must hold on, because she has told him to, and we both know what happens when she doesn't believe you tried your absolute hardest – at the sight of a hissing spray of urine splattering through my clutching fingers, my moan of the relief he cannot have?

But I am mostly still – and must be more so now, because his eyes are open.

"Girl," she says to me, "Tell me what you see." This is a favorite game of hers, to make sure we're paying attention. I nod, and study the man closely, shifting back into a kneeling position. This won't look strange to Master – he won't see anything odd, just a slave going back into position after moving to allow circulation.

"Mistress, I see Master tied to an oak chair with dark varnish. The chair has two arms carved into a blunt knot that curves down, which extends far enough that arms resting on them can grasp the ends. The legs are thick and knotty, and there is a crossbar an inch or so beneath the seat. The seat is cushioned with a wine-colored velvet pad, which extends up the back. The back is high, and comes to above Master's head. There are D-rings on either side of Master's neck, Mistress."

"Good girl," she tells me, rewarding me with a rare smile. It doesn't soften her hawk like features, but I smile with joy, because she is happy with the details I provided. Her gray eyes gleam with amusement, and slightly reddened lips part to speak again. "Now the man in the chair."

I survey the leanly muscled man, tanned, but not grotesquely so, with every part of him hard and toned. He is naked, his flaccid manhood resting on a soft bed of black curls, which match his hair. "Mistress, Master has dark brown hair with slight red highlights, falling in waves to almost his shoulders. It is loose, and mostly covers the silk scarf that is threaded through the D-rings and holds his neck firmly in place against the back of the chair. The scarf is the same dark red as the chair cushions. His face is very masculine, with black eyes and strong brows, and a goatee. His chest has very little hair on it, but is extremely toned.

This is tied to the chair with several loops of the larks head knot, making a very neat image. They pass under his arms, which are lean. The arms are bound with a rope shackle – the larks head knot again – with plenty of room to move them, nearly a foot of slack. They are not tied to the chair. His knees are unbound, but his ankles are shackled as well, with just as much slack, and a triple loop of rope connects the center of the slack to the crossbar of the chair, tying him in keeling position. His stomach is no longer distended with water, Mistress."

"Good." Another smile. I am doing well – she is pleased with me. "Now, girl, you did well last week – I reviewed the tape. The idea of doing a game was creative, but you didn't take it far enough. So we're going to be playing this game again today. As you can see, he's already had about 32 ounces of water. So now, I think, it's time for me to explain the game."

"As last time, there are a few ways the game can end. You can call "red" if you feel that damage is being done – I know you've played with desperation before, so you should know if you're feeling anything unusual. This will end the game immediately." Despite the pain he'll be going through, I know he doesn't want that. He won't safeword unless he's in actual danger. "You can lose the game by wetting yourself beforetime – not leaking, but actually losing control. Or you can win the game. If you can last for four hours without losing significant volume, or roll your freedom on the dice, as with last time, you will win the game. The reward for willing is quite nice – I would try if I were you. Fail, though, and you'll play this game again with clothes on, in public, while grocery shopping."

He blanches – he is not an exhibitionist, and the idea of wetting himself in public is terrible for him. He has made up his mind to win this game, or die trying.

"The dice, Mistress?"

"Ah, yes – we're using a rather different system down." Deceptively dainty hands reach into her front right pocket on her jeans, brushing the end of her blue button-down shirt as she pulls out a folded piece of paper. "A key for the dice rolls. This will tell you what each roll means. Every fifteen minutes, I'll roll the dice and pour your drink, and during the period before the next glass of water and dice roll, you'll be subject to whatever is rolled." With brief movements, she pins the paper on the wall above my head – I sit directly in front of him. I twist my head to look.

It's a regular sheet of paper, on which are ten lines in bold, clear writing.

1 – Dripping

2 - Ice

3 – Extra Fluid

4 – Hands Bound

6 – Freedom

7 – Extra Fluid

8 – Forced Leak

9 – Direct Pressure

10 – Extra Fluid

I watch his face go white as he looks at this list – Mistress has a very refined taste for cruelty, a very deft skill. I feel my bladder contract in sympathy looking at what may be done to him – and I bend slightly at the waist, squirming in discomfort. I'm not in a great position either. Suddenly, while I look, I notice that he's shifting, too, the barest trace of distress on his face. Is it just the lighting, or is there a very slight bump in his lower belly?

"Shall we begin the game, pet?"

"Yes, Mistress," he answers, his voice clipped. He betrays no emotion in his tone for face now. Perhaps he's hoping for mercy, or maybe he just knows that there's worse to come. I can only guess. But as I watch him rub his thighs together once, quickly, it's not a hard guess.

Still, I know what's going on inside him. Now past his stomach, his large intestine is absorbing huge amounts of water and dumping it into his blood stream. His blood volume isn't any higher, though, because in another part of his body, his kidneys are running his blood through a filter, pulling out all of the water, which is travelling down tiny tubes called ureters to his bladder.

I see her kneel, her fiery curls spilling over her shoulder to frame her face. When she rises, I see that she has a collapsible table, which she sets up in several practiced motions next to his left hand, just out of his reach. It is round, faux wood. When she kneels again, I see that she has an enormous pitcher of – is that lemonade? Oh, yes, she can be cruel. A very slightly blue-tinted glass sits next to it on the table. And there's the dice – it's a D-10, a ten sided die.

Her hands fish something out of her pocket – an egg timer. It begins its high-speed ticking toward the next halfhour, and the sound makes me sudden realize how badly I have to go, too. I snake my hands around for a quick squeeze, which makes me feel a bit better – but my bladder is still aching in my belly, and I shift positions again, rubbing my knees together.

I see her reach for the lemonade, with its cubes of ice floating lazily at the top. The sound of the water filling the cup drives us both mad. He bounces in place slightly, and his hand moves to massage his cock, which is rising to half-mast. The impassive mask on his face cracks slightly, and my eyes widen in shock to see his look of desperation, so soon in the game. He moans. She is filling the cup as slowly as humanly possible, it seems – the stream of yellow fluid is less than a fifth of an inch in diameter, and makes a loud sound in the chamber as it fills the glass. His eyes are locked on the stream, even as it torments him, as are mine.

Finally, it's full. She hands it to him, instructing him to drink, and he shudders, a tiny hint of sweat on his brow. He can't hold still as he swallows the yellow stuff, though his eyes rise in surprise.

"Gatorade?"

"Electrolytes," she answers. Ahh, that makes sense. That's something I wasn't careful about last time. You see, if you flood the body with too much plain water at once, your sodium stores are depleted into your urine. Sodium is used to regulate fluid balances in your cells – so hyponatremia can be extremely dangerous. In the brain, the cells of the brain can become swollen with fluid, resulting in anything from confusion to comas. If it's bad enough, the cells can burst – and the victim will die.

Why didn't I think of that? Stupid. I gasp slightly, as a wave of desperation breaks over me, and suddenly my bladder is throbbing, hot and heavy and aching. I rock back and forth, trying to ease the pain. Head in the game, girl. And the game is indeed getting fierce.

His eyes are on me, now – he saw it. He's watching my movement with a horrified fascination, his jaw clenched, and one hand massaging himself again – helping with his hands the muscles which are rapidly tiring. I can see his muscles clenching on his abdomen, and it's fascinating to me, but his condition makes mine almost worse. I literally have nothing to distract myself with. Neither does he – and I'm making more fuss than him. My hands are between my thighs now, fingers digging in. Anything that makes me feel more in control.

She picks the die up. His breath echoes around the chamber as he hisses very slightly, tightening his muscles against his bladder's sudden pulsing. He's moving past the stage of "I really have to pee" and into desperation. The die clatters when it falls.

The dice comes up a three. According to the chart, that's extra fluid. I gasp at the sound of Gatorade hitting the bottom of the cup, which reminds me of the relief I desperately crave. I'm still in worse shape than him, much worse – of course, I was nearing the edge when we started. But he's not doing too well either. The sound and sight of the glass filling is making his need to pee much worse.

As she hands it to him, I see him swallow, hard. But he drinks it, and finishes it quickly. The effect of having twice as much water in his stomach is obvious. He's getting worse very quickly. He constantly makes tiny adjustments, now, though his hand only dips to his crotch very occasionally.

Really, this is an easy half-hour, though. The torment of extra water isn't too bad, compared to some of the things on the list – though some, I have no idea what they might be. The time passes quickly, but his situation is deteriorating rapidly. He makes odd noises now and then, and his movements grow slightly frenzied – almost as bad as mine.

"Are you alright, pet?" she asks him, falsely concerned. He nods tersely. "Don't lie to me," she tells him, her voice going hard.

"No, Mistress, I'm not alright."

"Whatever is wrong?" She wonders, an evil glimmer in her eyes.

"Mistress, I need to pee." Just saying it has a cruel effect on him, though, and he grinds his teeth against the need.

Tick, tick, tick, tick. The manic, repetitive noise is driving me crazy. The world is speeding up, and the sound makes it go faster, makes me need to move more – makes my need worse.

His eyes lock with mine, and we struggle in time to the ticking of the egg timer. The timer goes off with a little Ding! And we both jump horribly.

The next glass is every bit as painful as the first, the pouring noise driving us to distraction. Why did she have to pick yellow Gatorade? He downs it, and shoves the glass into her hand, his whole body curling around his crotch with a "mmmmphhhhh." He's about to leak. Will he? No. Not this time.

She picks up the die, drops it onto the table with a clatter. It rolls a one. A quick glance at the chart reveals that he's about to be subject to something called dripping.

She's pouring again – why is she pouring again? Not into the glass, though, but into her left hand, which is cupped. Dripping. Now I know what she's going to do. And I'm right. She stands to his left side with her handful of fluid, which he's now watching with fascination. Two fingers dip into it, and she uses them to drip cold Gatorade from his breastbone in a slow line down his chest. He shudders, his knees bouncing rapidly with the new addition. The droplets of icy water torture him, and he twists his lower body, grinding into the chair helplessly, while she moves down to his bladder.

A flash-fire runs through my veins as I see that his bladder is now visibly distended, a hard rock between his hips. It shudders as she drips cold liquid on it, and he twists madly, now panting. Sweat is beading all of her forehead. His hand is clamped firmly on his cock, now, and his knuckles are white. "Please," he moans.

"Please what?" she answers absentmindedly, dripping a circle of liquid just over his bladder. He shakes his head, as if trying to rid himself of a fly. I can see his leg muscles trembling. He's putting on quite a show. I bite my lip suddenly, fiercely, as another wave rolls over me, my bladder struggling to void. My fingers are jammed firmly in place, but suddenly, it's not enough.

"No -" I moan, hissing softly. Two pairs of eyes turn to look on me, one widening as I rock back and forth as quickly as I can, sitting on my heel now, my hands clenched in fists on my thighs. It pulses again, and I hear a hiss that doesn't come from my breath. Warmth floods my pussy. "No, no, stop, gotta stop -" And I do, somehow, manage to stop, even thought the relief is so sweet I'd almost rather die than stop. I do. For now. But I feel like I'm on a brink, and I can't think, only squirm and watch.

She turns back to him, satisfied that I'm still holding for now. "Sweetie," she says to him quietly, "remove your hands." His stares at her, shocked and uncomprehending. His mind is fogged with the need to pee, with the constant hammering of his bladder against his sphincters. "Remove your hands," she says again.

At the thought, he freezes, every muscle in his body pulling agonizingly tight, every fiber of his body fighting the leak that's trying to occur. "I can't," he moans, hunched forward as much as his rope binding will allow – which is not nearly enough for him. "I can't – please!" His voice breaks, it's pleading. I see now that this little thing, him being allowed to hold himself, has made a difference in this game.

Time has sped up for me, and people are moving with agonizing slowness. My breathing is quick. So it seems like it takes her forever to place her hands on his cock and lovingly prise his hands from it.

The result is immediate – he gives a while gasp and lurches forward, straining against the rope. I can actually see the muscles in his stomach ripple. He tries to grab himself again, but her left hand is all it takes to restrain his. He's on the edge, right there on the edge, and I don't know how he's holding on. Especially when she starts dripping on his engorged, twitching cock. I can't imagine what that feels like to him, the fluid running down his straining length. I really don't want to.

His breathing is ragged, and he's moving constantly, rocking, twisting, grinding into the chair. After only a second of the dripping, his cock twitches again, and a drop of his own fluid appears at the tip, a tiny stream oozing out. She releases his hands, and they fly to help his control again. He's moaning, almost in tears.

Ding! Another half-hour is over, another horror is coming.

An hour has passed since the game began. It doesn't seem like much time, but he was halfway desperate before we even started, and too, I'm beginning to wonder if she put something in his drink. I've been holding for about five hours now – I asked permission to pee and was denied it a long time ago. On the other hand, I haven't been drinking tons of fluid.

He's now had about a liter at the beginning, plus four eight-ounce glasses. Over two liters – there is no way he'll last much longer. He knows it, too, he probably worked this out ages ago. The thought of all that fluid makes my bladder flail again, and I whimper – and suddenly, my heel is flooded with warmth again, and the little cup made by my heel, buttocks, and thighs is half-full of urine and filling. I clench it shut again, and pain shoots through me, agonizing. Stopping that relief is the hardest thing I've done in a long time.

I look up, and tears spill onto my cheeks. She's smirking, but he's almost paralyzed with need, made worse by watching me lose it again. He's fighting, he's giving it everything he has. Both hands are on his cock.

She fills the cup. That sound, that damned sound. I teeter over the edge again, and this time, I can't stop it. I collapse in my place, muscles locked in position, unresponsive, and the warmth is incredible. The feeling of my bladder deflating, releasing, empty is better than I'd imagined. Relief, like nothing ever before. The bliss sweeping over me is almost blinding, and I buck slightly in place. Profanities are running through my head, as I ride the insane pleasure of the most intense orgasm I think I've ever had. It pulses through my whole body, and when it ends, I'm left shuddering, breathing hard. I look up meekly, apologetically, but she is smiling at me, so I must have done well.

My show is over, just in time for his to start. He's pale and shaking, and not looking at me, carefully not looking at me, but he heard. His legs are moving in a constant dance, twisting and knocking together and rubbing against eachother. His cock is completely flaccid again, and twitching angrily, trying hard to disgorge the contents of his bladder. The muscles on his chest are flexing, rippling constantly as he tries to fight his body's desire to void. When the die rolls again – I must have missed him drinking – it comes up with an 8, and I'm sure it's all over.

She smiles at him, and he whimpers in agony. Her hands touch his bladder, rock-hard and protruding quite visibly, and he shudders, twisting with pain and desperation. His eyes are wild, but blank – he's hearing the famous white noise, and is only semi-aware of anything but his fighting body.

Until she pushes.

It doesn't take much pressure for him to cry out in shock, and he wets for a good four seconds, hard enough to make a loud hiss echo around the chamber, before he manages to stop it. Oh, yes, it's over. The seal is broken. He's felt that relief, and now his body demands it.

He bounces in place a few times, but even he knows he can't fight any longer, won't even make it to the next dice roll. Bucking his hips backward into the crook of the chair, twisting, kneading his cock, he tries it all. But the next "leak" hisses forth for even longer, and I he groans from the effort of stopping it. The red fabric of the chair is soaked. His cock is still twitching, still fighting, and the next leak doesn't stop.

The relief on his face is unbelievable. His tired muscles relax completely, and there's just the hissing sound of urine leaving his flaccid cock, the panting, and then silence. Neither of us can move.

"Well," she says brightly, "It looks like you have a shopping trip to chaperone tomorrow, girl."

I swear, his jaw drops halfway to the floor.

