White Tights - Page 3

Author: Humil

*050*2015-11-22 14:11

Hi everybody!

Sorry for the delay in writing. Life has a habit of getting in the way, although this weekend got in the way in a good way. I've had my own embarrassed girl in nappies for my amusement, which means I've only written the one chapter.

Fair warnings: There is mess in this chapter

There is a hint of sexual contact in this chapter, and it's reluctant. Fantasy only, obviously wouldn't condone it in real life.

Chapter seventeen

Defeated and humiliated, Chloe wanted nothing more than to be out of her nappy, even if that meant being put into another one. She was desperately uncomfortable. She could hear Mia making another phone call, but she had moved further through the house and Chloe couldn’t tell who Mia was speaking to. When Mia returned she ordered Chloe onto the floor, and Chloe obediently tried to lie down without disturbing the contents of her nappy. Mia knelt down between Chloe’s legs, and braced herself.

‘How badly do you want to be out of this nappy?’ Mia asked.

‘Please take it off,’ Chloe begged, ‘it feels disgusting.’

‘Yeah, well it is disgusting, but I have to deal with it. I really don’t want to, but you’ve put me in a position where there isn’t a lot of choice. So if I do this for you, what are you going to do for me?’

‘Anything,’ pleaded Chloe with tears in her eyes, ‘honestly, anything you want. You want any of my clothes? Take them. Anything I have.’

‘Here’s the deal then Chloe. If I do this for you, you have to do everything I say for the whole night, and I mean absolutely anything. Are we clear?’

‘Yes.’

Mia set about the unenviable task of changing Chloe’s nappy. She undid each of the tapes, pulled the front of the nappy forward and recoiled in disgust.

‘Eurgh! You dirty bitch! It’s everywhere, and it stinks!’

‘I’m sorry,’ said Chloe, and she truly was.

Mia started wiping away the mess at the front, and used several wipes just to clean Chloe’s pubic mound. After she’d finished with each wipe she deposited them in Chloe’s bin, which she’d brought with her to the middle of the room. When she was finally content with the front, she told Chloe to lift her legs up, and grab them by the backs of her knees. Chloe did so grudgingly, knowing that she was exposing her shitty crack to Mia. Mia continued her work, and when she was satisfied, pulled the dirty nappy out from under Chloe. She balled it up and threw it into Chloe’s bin, before giving her one last wipe down.

‘Thank you,’ Chloe muttered, when she sensed the worst was over.

‘Don’t forget, anything I say for the rest of the night.’

‘Yes.’

Mia went about powdering Chloe and taping her into a fresh nappy, something which Chloe was becoming accustomed to alarmingly quickly. Chloe thought back to what Alice had said in class that day, and realized that she was probably right. By the time she was allowed to wear knickers again, she would probably be so used to nappies that knickers would feel strange. Mia picked up the dirty nappy and carried it out of the room.

Chloe spent the next thirty minutes or so trying to get back into studying, but all she could think about was the fact that her little sister had just changed her messy nappy. As she tried not to think about it, the doorbell rang. Not wanting to be seen in her nappy, Chloe stayed in her room and waited for Mia to answer it.

‘Aren’t you going to get that?’ Mia called out from downstairs.

‘You can’t be serious?’ Chloe called back.

‘I thought you were going to do everything that you’re told this evening?’ Mia replied.

Grudgingly, Chloe got up, aware that being free of her tights meant that the nappy made a rustling sound with every slight movement. She walked towards the front door, hoping that it was nobody that she knew on the other side. She braced herself, and then opened the door. Ryan, was on the other side, and stood staring at her.

‘Um, can I come in?’ he asked.

‘What are you doing here?’ Chloe asked.

‘I called him,’ said Mia from behind them, ‘come on in Ryan. Come through to the living room.’

Ryan followed the two girls into the living room, his eyes fixed on Chloe’s padded bottom.

‘What’s all this about Mia?’ Chloe asked uncomfortably.

‘Well, I heard that you ran out on Ryan today without an explanation. That was rude, he didn’t do anything wrong. You guys are good together, and it would be silly to let things fall apart because of this. So firstly, I think you owe him an explanation as to what’s going on.’

‘Please Mia, aren’t things bad enough already? Nobody’s going to want to be with the girl in nappies,’ Chloe pleaded.

‘Isn’t that my choice to make?’ asked Ryan.

‘Exactly my thinking,’ said Mia. ‘Now, Chloe, I want you to tell Ryan everything that happened today. Remember, you have to be a good girl and do exactly as you’re told.’

Chloe didn’t really know where to begin. She stood in silence for a moment, before blurting out, ‘I wet myself. Happy?’

‘Come on now Chloe, I think you owe Ryan a little more than that,’ said Mia.

‘Why did you wet yourself?’ asked Ryan.

‘I, I guess I was scared,’ admitted Chloe, shuffling from one foot to another and looking down at the floor.

‘What got you so scared that you peed your pants?’ asked Ryan

‘I was in the headmaster’s office. Waiting for a spanking.’ At this, Chloe noticed that Ryan was starting to become aroused. She could see his excitement through his jeans.

‘Was it a bare bottom spanking?’ Ryan asked.

‘Yes,’ Chloe replied, trying not to give further details.

‘Wow, that must have been pretty embarrassing. Wetting yourself and getting a spanking,’ said Ryan, clearly becoming more and more aroused.

‘You have no idea!’ Chloe blurted out, forgetting herself for a moment, ‘It was in front of three other girls, and I was wearing my Spongebob knickers! And they all laughed at me for not having any pubes!’ Chloe realised that in her frustration she had just given him more information than she really wanted to.

‘Okay,’ said Ryan. ‘I’m with you as far as having an accident in your knickers and being spanked, by why exactly are you in a nappy? Why were you in a nappy earlier?’

‘It’s a school rule. If a girl has an accident she has to wear nappies, she’s not allowed to take them off herself, and she has to wear white tights so that everybody knows that she has a nappy on.’

‘Wait a second,’ Ryan said, ‘If you’re not allowed to take them off how do you… have you being peeing in nappies all day?’

‘She’s done more than pee in them,’ Mia interjected.

At that Chloe looked down at the floor again.

‘So I suppose this is it then?’ Chloe asked.

‘What do you mean?’ Ryan responded.

‘Well, it’s like I said earlier, nobody is going to want to be with the girl who wears nappies.’

‘You shouldn’t give up so easily Chloe,’ Mia said. ‘I think you need to show him that you’re sorry for running off earlier, and show him that you can be a big girl sometimes too.’

‘What are you talking about?’ Chloe asked.

‘You can see that he’s excited. I think you should show him how sorry you are by taking his cock, and putting it into your mouth. Give him a good time to make up for running off.’

‘I’m not really in the mood for any funny business Mia,’ Chloe replied.

‘No, but he clearly is, and you need to do as you’re told. You promised.’

‘What exactly are you going to do if I say no? It’s not like you can embarrass me any more than I already have been is it?’ Chloe asked in frustration.

‘Chloe, the last nappy you wore is out in the garage. If you don’t do as you’re told, you’ll be wearing it to bed tonight.’

‘You wouldn’t!’

‘Do you really want to find out?’ Mia asked.

After a moment’s hesitation, Chloe took Ryan’s hand and started walking towards the stairs.

‘Hold on just a moment,’ Mia said. ‘I never said anything about leaving this room. You have to do it right here.’

*066*2020-06-24 09:14

Sorry guys, I know that it's been a really long time. Years, in fact.

This story, along with my other one, Hangover, ended up getting abandoned because I simply didn't have the time to commit to writing. However, my circumstances have changed and I'm looking to attempt more regular updates, including continuing these two stories.

I've set up a patreon page because I believe that will increase the likelihood of me being able to invest time into stories like this. You can find it at https://www.patreon.com/user?u=3954284&fan_landing=true

I completely understand if that's not something that people want to do, and it's a crowded market with lots of people doing something similar. However, with membership tiers starting from £1.50 a month, I feel it represents fairly good value for money when compared to other similar patreons.

*068*2022-02-02 13:47

Chapter Eighteen

‘You want me to do…that…in front of you?’ Chloe asked.

It wouldn’t be the first time that Chloe had given a blowjob, but she wasn’t accustomed to having an audience.

‘Yes, I want you to get on your knees, and show him a good time.’

‘But why?’ asked Chloe

‘Well, from what I hear, you’re going to be in nappies for a long time. I want to make sure you don’t end up on your own because of it, and that means you need to perform certain…duties…for your boyfriend, nappy or no nappy.’

‘I don’t really want to. Not here and now.’

‘Tough luck. Unless you want to find out just how mean I can be, you’ll get on your knees, unzip his fly and get to work,’ said Mia.

Both girls realised that Ryan hadn’t said anything for a while, and when they looked at him they noticed that his gaze was fixed on the doorway. They both followed it to find, much to Mia’s dismay, that the matriarch of the house had returned earlier than anticipated.

‘Um, Mum, you’re back early,’ said Mia.

‘So I finally give you a bit of responsibility, and this is how you repay me? By encouraging your sister to act like a trollop?’ Mrs Montague was not pleased.

‘Wait, I can explain,’ pleaded Mia.

‘No need. I think I heard enough,’ said Mrs Montague.

‘Perhaps I should be going,’ said Ryan.

‘Stay right there,’ snapped Mrs Montague, ‘unless you want me to contact your parents and tell them what you’ve been up to?’

Ryan stood still. He briefly made eye contact with Chloe, but that felt awkward, so he looked at his shoes.

‘The reason, young man, that I want you to stay, is because I need to teach my daughter a lesson…’

‘Please, Mum, don’t,’ said Mia, tears in her eyes.

‘…and experience has taught me that punishments of this kind are much more effective when there are witnesses.’

‘Please, Mummy, not in front of him! Please!’

With no regard for Mia’s protests, Mrs Montague grabbed her daughters wrist and led her over to the sofa. Mia was crying openly now, and when Chloe glanced over at Ryan she could tell he was getting excited.

‘I’m sorry Mummy, please don’t!’

Mrs Montague sat down and then pulled her daughter over her lap.

‘Mummy no!’

Mrs Montague didn’t hesitate. She immediately started raining slaps down on to Mia’s bottom. Ryan watched mesmerized as Mia flailed hopelessly, giving Ryan occasional glimpses up her skirt, where he could see that she had light coloured knickers on under her black tights. However, he needn’t have been satisfied with glimpses, as before long, Mrs Montague flipped up Mia’s skirt and pulled down her tights, revealing her knicker clad bottom. She was wearing white knickers with pink trim, and looked every bit the chastised schoolgirl from Ryan’s fantasies. He would have preferred that it was Chloe who was being spanked, but there was no denying that he was incredibly turned on.

Mia’s struggles grew more frantic as she felt her mother’s thumbs hook into the waistband of her knickers.

‘No! No! You can’t! He’ll see!’

Mrs Montague was not impressed with this outburst and let loose a particularly stinging flurry on her behind.

‘Yes, he will see. But as you’ve made such a fuss, he’ll be seeing you get the hairbrush instead of my hand. Chloe, go and get it.’

‘No! Chloe, don’t! Chloe!’ screamed Mia.

However, Chloe did.

Ryan looked on in shocked amazement as Mia’s knickers were lowered, exposing her rosy cheeks, before Mrs Montague set about darkening them further with her hairbrush. Chloe was wailing throughout, partly from pain but mostly at the indignity of being bared in front of Ryan, who was clearly enjoying her ordeal. Eventually, she stopped struggling and the only sounds she made were sobs.

‘Stand up,’ barked Mrs Montague.

With no resistance left, Mia did so. The spanking had well and truly broken her resolve, to the point that she didn’t even try to cover up as she stood facing Ryan and Chloe, with her pubic curls on full display.

‘Thank you for that, Ryan,’ said Mrs Montague. ‘However, I think it’s time for you to go now. I need to get these two into the bath and then off to bed.’

Chapter Nineteen

It took Chloe a second to grasp what her step-mother had just said. They were both being bathed and put to bed. As soon as Ryan left, both girls were marched upstairs, Mia with her knickers and tights still at half-mast.

Mrs Montague started a bath running, and then proceeded to undress Mia.

‘Is Mia going in first then?’ asked Chloe.

‘First?’ said Mrs Montague. ‘You’re both going in together. You’ve both behaved like little girls today so that’s how you’ll be treated.’

‘We can’t take a bath together!’ Mia cried. Clearly some of her spirit was starting to return to her.

‘You will if you don’t want Chloe to go and fetch the hairbrush again.’

At the mention of the hairbrush, Mia immediately quietened down and allowed her mother to finish undressing her, until she was stood completely naked in front of her step-sister.

‘Your turn,’ said Mrs Montague, turning to Chloe.

Chloe didn’t resist. After seeing the spanking that Chloe had earned herself, she knew that was not a path she wanted to go down. The nappy was the last thing to come off, and when it did, Chloe felt very self-conscious as Mrs Montague stared at her hairless snatch. She appeared to be considering something.

The girls were sat in the bath, facing each other. Both found that they were unable to look the other in the eye as Mrs Montague thoroughly washed each of them in turn, taking no measures whatsoever to preserve their dignity.

When she was finished, she had them get out of the bath and dried them off roughly with a towel, before telling them both to go to Chloe’s room. Mia was a bit surprised at this but didn’t want to argue.

When they were both told to lie down on the bed, Mia started to panic. Surely, she thought, she wouldn’t be put in a nappy too? That, however, was not Mrs Montague’s intention. Instead, she left the room and returned with a razor, shaving cream and a towel. Mia’s eyes went wide with horror.

‘Mum, no!’ she cried.

‘You’ve been behaving like a child. It’s only fitting that you look the part,’ said Mrs Montague.

‘I won’t let you!’

‘You can resist if you want, but all you’ll achieve is earning yourself another spanking and going to school tomorrow dressed in much the same way as your sister.’

While getting another spanking was not something that Mia wanted, the prospect of wearing a nappy to school like her sister was more than enough to convince her to co-operate. As a result, she kept perfectly still while her mother went to work ensuring that she was perfectly smooth.

‘Now, fetch me a nappy and the baby powder,’ Mrs Montague said when she was finished.

‘But you said…’ said Mia.

‘Don’t worry, it’s not for you. We just don’t want your sister having yet another accident, do we?’

Relieved beyond measure, Mia went to fetch a nappy and baby powder. Despite her own humiliation, she still took a certain amount of pleasure in the fact that Chloe had it worse. Yes, Ryan had seen her spanked, which was awful, and she would have to keep her snatch hidden from the other girls while getting changed for PE, but she wouldn’t be going to school tomorrow in a nappy. She watched in a kind of trance as Chloe lay there, not fighting at all as Mrs Montague powdered her and taped her into her nappy.

‘Right then girls. Pajamas on and into bed. I don’t want to hear another peep out of you this evening.’

Chapter Twenty

Chloe knew that she was dreaming, but that didn’t make the situation feel any less humiliating. She was at a party, and it was full of people she knew. Why all these people would be at the same party, Chloe had no idea, but that is often how dreams work. Many of the girls she went to school with were there. Her headmaster was there, and nobody seemed to think that was odd. There were boys there too. Ryan and some of his friends, and a little boy called Zack that she used to babysit for, who was only eight years old (he was older now, but in the dream he was very much eight years old still, wearing his familiar iron man pyjamas). Apart from Zack and herself, everybody else seemed dressed appropriately. Chloe wasn’t in pajamas, but rather, her school uniform, which everybody else seemed to think was hilarious. She couldn’t understand why people were pointing and laughing at her as she passed them by. She was wearing black tights, not white ones.

She did have a slightly more pressing concern. She needed to pee. She stumbled through doorway after doorway, trying to find the bathroom, but there didn’t seem to be one. Her need was increasing rapidly. When she bumped into her sister, she asked her where it was.

‘Oh, do you need to go potty?’ Mia asked.

Chloe nodded, aware that she shouldn’t be asked in such a juvenile manner but not wanting to cause a delay.

‘It’s right there,’ said Mia, pointing.

Everybody stopped their conversations and the crowd parted. In the middle of the room was a pink, plastic potty.

‘I can’t use that,’ said Chloe.

‘Why not?’ asked Mia, as if the answer wasn’t completely obvious.

‘Everyone will see,’ said Chloe.

‘Nobody’s looking,’ said Mia. This was not true. Everybody was watching them like hawks. It was as if nothing else mattered. ‘If you can’t even use the potty then I guess we’ll just have to go back to nappies…’

‘What? No,’ said Chloe, willing to do just about anything in order to escape that fate.

With all eyes on her she walked up to the potty and turned around. She reached up under her skirt and grasped her tights, pulling them down to just below her knees, wanting to see if she would get a reaction before she revealed herself more fully. Nobody said a word. She had a horrible sensation that everything was about to change, but she couldn’t hold on much longer. She reached under her skirt again, this time pulling her knickers down and sitting on the potty in one swift movement, trying not to put on too much of a show. As her bottom made contact with the potty, she saw that people were sniggering. She realized that, unfortunately, the knickers which were on clear display for all to see were her Spongebob knickers that she had wet that very morning.

Chloe tried to relax, to pee into the juvenile potty, but nothing happened.

‘I thought you said you needed to go?’ said Mia.

‘I did, but it’s hard to go with everybody watching,’ said Chloe.

‘You’d better not be wasting my time,’ said Mia. ‘It would be a shame if I had to spank you in front of all of these people. Don’t think I won’t.’

Chloe didn’t think for a moment that she wouldn’t.

‘Well come on then. We don’t have all day. Do you need to go or not?’

Chloe considered her options. Now that she was sat down on the potty, it really didn’t feel like she needed to go all that badly. Perhaps she had simply misjudged it.

‘Um, no,’ she said. ‘False alarm. I’m okay now.’

‘You’re absolutely sure,’ said Mia.

Chloe nodded. She stood up and pulled her knickers up, followed by her tights.

‘Right, lets go and get a dri…’ Mia started.

She stopped mid-sentence and everybody started sniggering, not least of all Zack, who was pointing at Chloe. She became aware of a warm trickle running down both legs and realized, with horror, that she was wetting herself. She tried to clamp down, to stop it from happening, but she was completely unable to do so.

‘You have no idea how much trouble you are in, young lady,’ said her father’s voice, and suddenly he was there, carrying a straight-backed chair.

He put the chair in the middle of the room, directly above the potty, sat down at it and pulled Chloe over his lap. She had endured all kinds of humiliation over the last 24 hours, but this was too much. Surely her father would never do this to her? But he did. He lifted her skirt, bared her bottom, much to the delight of the onlookers, and proceeded to spank her as she bawled like a baby. Several more jets of wee escaped her during her spanking, amusing Zack greatly.

‘It looks like you’re not as grown-up as we thought doesn’t it?’ said Chloe’s father. ‘Still wetting yourself at this age, and here was me thinking you were a big girl. I think you need to be back in nappies for the foreseeable future.’

‘Daddy, no!’ she cried.

###

‘Daddy, no!’ she cried as she woke up.

Although she had known it was a dream when it started, it had all seemed real to her by the time it finished. She lay in her bed, openly sobbing. Would her dad really be angry at her? Would he agree with this kind of punishment?

She reached down and touched the front of her nappy. It was dry. She had half-expected to have wet herself in real life when she wet herself in her dream, but that hadn’t happened. She never thought she’d have been pleased with herself for not wetting the bed, but her situation had changed drastically today. The question was, when would it get back to normal?
