Shame and Pleasure {A Harry Potter fanfic}

Author: Leza

*000*2012-12-10 19:10

I'm sorry if this is awkward--it's my first fic. But I welcome feedback, even if it's negative. :]

Shame and Pleasure

Harry woke with a dull ache in his skull, eyes opening a crack to glare at the harsh sunlight coming in through the tower window. He tried pressing his face deeper into his pillow, but something hard jabbed him in the eye. With a grunt of pain, Harry arched his back and lifted himself onto his elbows to identify the offending object. The movement caused his bladder to give a painful twinge, announcing its uncomfortable fullness.

He gave a shake of his head to clear his fringe from his eyes and realized that the object had been his glasses. He must have forgotten to take them off before falling into bed last night. Or, he wondered, pushing his glasses back onto his face, had he passed out last night? He couldn’t really remember ever heading upstairs.

With a whisper of appreciation for the absence of Neville's usual snores, Harry took a quick survey of the room to verify that he was alone. He took this to mean that the others had taken to the common room floor to sleep off their drunken stupors.

He wished he had a cup of coffee to take away his headache, but felt much too lethargic to actually summon one. The thought of coffee made his bladder twinge again, while a faint thrill of arousal shivered up his spine.

Harry pressed his face back into his pillow and smiled at the thought of how badly Ron's bladder (and head, for that matter) must be hurting about now, for he'd had almost twice as much to drink as Harry had. The pillow's stifling darkness made a radical difference to the state of his head, and Harry was soon drifting back off to sleep.

Barely two hours had passed when Harry found himself awake again, this time reluctantly surfacing from what had been a very pleasant dream, thanks to his bladder’s insistent throbbing.

Unwilling to muster the energy needed to get up and relieve himself, Harry turned onto his back, knowing this would redirect the pressure and give his straining abdominal muscles a break. He had to kick his legs a bit to disentangle himself from the twisted up bed sheets. He hadn’t realized how hot he had been until the sweat-moistened skin of his legs came into contact with the cool air outside of the covers. Goosebumps rose along his arms as his sweat-soaked pants and the bed below him also began to cool.

This changing of position made the sensation of holding his full bladder infinitely more enjoyable. The force of gravity made his need more urgent as it pressed the weight of his urine down into him and caused that strangely arousing and irresistibly addicting pressure that Harry was so familiar with.

Harry closed his eyes and imagined letting go right there, adding to the wetness just so he could temporarily warm up the sheets. He pushed his pants down his thighs, and was able to wriggle them down past his knees. He moaned as he let the imagined sensations flow over his body. He trailed a finger from his left hand down the inside of his now bare thigh, trying to mimic the movement of a trickle of pee flowing down gently and slowly from his cock, completely undirected.

Said cock was quickly beginning to harden; pushing Harry’s little fantasy a little further out of reach. This was disappointing at first, because part of the arousal was coming from the mental teasing of his bladder, letting himself imagine release yet forcing himself to maintain control at the same time. The teasing coupled with the knowledge that there was a possibility that his control would slip had been doubly exciting.

But now, with his cock growing almost painfully hard, he could entertain these fantasies of letting go more freely. Without the need to divert some of his attention to containing the flow, the fantasies became more detailed, more real, more titillating.

Even though the danger of wetting the bed was less eminent now, the sensation of his urethra relaxing while his bladder was still throbbing for release was just as good as the mental teasing.

As his level of arousal rose, so too did his body temperature. The sweat began beading up on his forehead and as the heat from his body rolled off of him in waves, the sheets became sticky with sweat once more. His glasses began to fog, but Harry barely noticed.

Harry used the warmth of his own sweat to further fuel his fantasies. He fisted and tangled his right hand into the already disheveled sheets as he let his mind turn to thoughts of being pissed on, but still not being allowed to give in to his own bladder’s needs. The fantasy he eventually settled on starred a haughty, sneering Snape. The Snape in his fantasy looked down his nose at Harry and warned him to keep control, before reaching into the placket of his trousers and pulling out his prick to relieve himself upon Harry’s naked, kneeling body.

Harry writhed on the bed, fisting the sheets wound around his right hand harder, gritting his teeth and trying to hold back the desire to wank himself in earnest. He couldn’t, he knew. If he came there’d be nothing to stem the tide, and the pressure in his bladder was at its max capacity by now.

Harry moved his left hand away from the temptation of his engorged cock, up a few inches instead, to his swollen bladder. He pressed down, first gently, and then harder, continuing with the teasing routine from earlier. His bladder and his bollocks screamed for release, and Harry’s willpower was beginning to crumble. ‘There’s no one around,’ his brain supplied unhelpfully. ‘A quick cleaning charm and no one will be the wiser.’ His cock wept at the thought, and Harry was sorely tempted. He let his hand creep back down to take hold of his cock—

“Harry, Dean has a hangover cure. Do you need--” Harry’s eyes snapped open and Ron froze in the middle of his sentence, having walked halfway across the room before he realized what Harry was doing.

There were a few seconds of silence where neither of them moved and all Harry could hear was the sound of his heart thumping heavily in his chest. Harry felt his erection wilt with embarrassment without having to look. He clamped down on his bladder, trying to keep himself from further humiliation.

“What, Ron?!” Harry yelled, mortified, frustrated, and wondering why the fuck Ron was still standing there. When Ron didn't immediately respond, Harry made a grab for his pants with his only free hand (his right hand so unhelpfully still trapped in the wad of fisted sheets). The sudden movement caused Harry to release an unexpected squirt of pee from his now flaccid cock. The undirected spurt ran out over Harry's left thigh and dripped onto the sheets below him. He tried clamping down on his muscles, but it was no use; he was no longer in control.

His hand found the waistband of his pants, but it was too late to conceal the rapidly growing wet spot. Clinging to the hope that Ron would somehow miraculously fail to notice Harry’s wetting himself right in front of him, Harry clenched his eyes shut, face burning, desperately wishing he could disappear on the spot.

Unable to muster the courage to look up at Ron's reaction, Harry kept his eyes shut and simply pulled the wad of sheets balled around his right hand to his lap, using his left hand to press down upon the fabric in a vain attempt to stem the uncontainable flow. The relief was near orgasmic, and Harry couldn't help letting out a moan.

After several moments, Harry risked a peak at the look on Ron’s face. Unable to read Ron's expression, he watched instead as Ron’s ears turned impossibly redder, but then their eyes caught by accident and Harry looked away quickly. He could feel his own face burning hotter and hotter with shame as he continued to pee a powerful stream into the wad of, what was rapidly becoming soaked, linen. The sheets weren’t able to absorb the volume of liquid by half. All Harry could think to do was to look down at his lap and pray that Ron would just go away and forget this had ever happened.

He could do nothing but watch as pee drenched the sheets, turning the thin, white fabric semi-transparent. His pee, wicked up by the fabric, began to spill over his hands and run down his thighs and into the mattress, creating a puddle beneath his arse. Finally, after what seemed like hours to Harry, the stream died down to a soft trickle and Harry's prick began to harden once more, tenting the drenched sheets as if completely unaware of its owner's emotional turmoil. Harry, unsure of what else to do at this point, looked up at Ron helplessly, begging him to react rather than leaving him in his current state of terrified trepidation.

Ron merely blinked at him, at a loss for what to say or do. "Harry..." he began, but his voice cracked sharply as his sentence died in his throat.

There was a very long, tense pause before Ron regained his voice and tried breaking the silence once more. "...Er, so..." he paused again, "...pee, eh?" he finished lamely.

If it were possible to die from embarrassment, Harry thought, now was surely the time.

"Er, yeah," Harry replied, his voice cracking too. He cleared his throat and blushed furiously. "Do you... mind?" he asked, voice small and strained around the lump forming in his throat.

Ron's eyebrows disappeared into his hair. "Mind?" he asked, confused.

"Yeah," Harry said, averting his gaze once more. "Do you think I'm... y'know... a freak, now?" His voice rose on the last three words.

"Wha?-- No, Harry. Course I don't," Ron's replied in a 'don't-be-silly' sort of tone.

Harry looked up again, his face expressing a mixture of surprise and skepticism.

"Well, I mean.." Ron hastened to add, "It was a bit of a shock, ya'know? But if you..." he struggled to find the right words, "like that... er, I'm not gonna take the mickey out of you for it."

Harry felt unconvinced, his feelings of vulnerability growing by the second.

It must have shown on his face because, the next thing Harry knew, Ron was closing the gap between himself and Harry's bed. "I could, er..." he hesitated a foot or so away. “I could help you with that, if you'd like,” he said quickly, giving a nod towards Harry's obvious erection.

It was Harry's turn to raise his eyebrows in shock. "What did you have in mind?" Harry asked tentatively, trying not to sound too eager.

"I mean, y'know..." Ron trailed off awkwardly, averting his gaze from his friend's, eyes lingering instead on Harry's lap for a second before flicking away to the floor. "You’ve helped me out, in the past, that one time. Only fair I return the favor."

Harry blushed at the mention of the late night handjob he'd given Ron over the summer. Neither of them had ever spoken aloud of the incident before. Harry was beginning to think that he'd only imagined it. At the time, he’d gotten the distinct impression that Ron had physically enjoyed himself, but in the morning Harry couldn't help noticing Ron’s avoidance of his gaze. Harry took this to mean that Ron had regretted allowing it to happen, and consequentially, Harry’d felt very much like a pervert who’d taken advantage of his best mate. The guilt had weighed upon his conscience ever since.

“That’s not why I did it,” Harry said, forgetting for a minute about the puddle beneath him and rubbing the back of his neck with his free, pee-covered hand. “I didn’t mean it to be some kind of quid pro quo thing.”

“You didn’t?” Ron sounded genuinely surprised.

“Well, no,” Harry said, taken a little aback. “I just… Well, my leg brushed your erection, and I dunno why I did it. I…I wanted to bring you off. I just thought it’d be really hot, so I went for it without thinking. I’m sorry, Ron, I should have at least asked you for permission first. I didn’t mean to, um, make you uncomfortable, or anything. And I certainly didn’t mean—Well, you don’t… You don’t owe me anything, alright?”

Ron looked up, meeting Harry’s eyes and cracking a small smile. For some reason, even though Harry was still in a right state, all hard and naked and covered in his own urine, Ron’s smile was all it took to break the heavy tension between them.

“You didn’t need to ask, Harry; I would’ve given you permission. But you… you wanted me? You wanted to bring me off, just to bring me off?” Ron asked, his voice hesitant, but warm and mixed with astonishment in his last words.

“I--Yeah. I did,” Harry answered sincerely, face still very pink with embarrassment, but the heavy weight on his chest lifting. “I guess that makes me… well, you know… A bit bent.” It was weird, Harry thought, to voice it aloud without feeling his chest tightening in shame as it usually did whenever he thought about it.

“Yeah,” Ron agreed. “Guess so... I’m not, though.”

Harry nodded quickly, “I know. And you don’t have to worry about me, er, trying anything again, or looking at you that way, or anything. I wasn’t thinking that night. I know you’re not, um, y’know…”

“I didn’t--” Ron started, and then scratched the back of his head as though hesitant to go on. “I don’t mind you looking. And I didn’t mind the other thing, either.” Ron’s ears were turning pink again.

“You didn’t? But you acted so affronted the next morning. I thought you were angry with me for doing it.”

“No! No, I wasn’t angry with you. I just-- I felt guilty. For not touching you. I mean, I didn’t mean to be so selfish, but I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. Bringing off another bloke? No offense or anything, but the idea is pretty repulsive.” Ron paused, his face twisting in a bit of a grimace. “But I wasn’t angry at you, mate. If anything, I was angry at myself,” he concluded.

“Well. That’s a relief, then,” Harry said. The knot of tension he’d been carrying around in his stomach for months now was at long last unwinding itself. He fell back onto his pillow with a huff.

“As big of a relief as this?” Ron teased, lighthearted humor returning to his voice as he eyed the mess Harry had made on the bed.

Harry couldn’t help but laugh. He’d almost forgotten, but the urine had yet to cool and become uncomfortable quite yet, and his prick could not be compelled to go down without either a fight or a good wank.

“Well, it could be even more of one if you’d get out,” Harry said while extracting his right hand from the wad of wet sheets and then draping them over his crotch without any further attempt to hide his state of arousal. Ron chuckled at his antics. Harry glared back with mock irritation. “And you said you wouldn’t take the mickey out of me,” he reminded.

“Couldn’t resist, mate,” Ron said, grinning in earnest before his lips slowly melted into an evil smirk. “But you know, if you don’t mind—and I don’t think you do,—it suddenly occurs to me how badly I need a relief, myself.” Ron waited for Harry’s reaction.

Harry’s cock jumped at the implication. He couldn’t stop himself from looking up with interest, unable to resist getting a gauge on Ron’s face to see if he was being serious. Harry’s breath caught when Ron reached deliberately for the fly of his jeans.

Harry barely had enough time to blink the disbelief from his eyes before the hot stream had hit him square in the chest.

*001*2012-12-11 18:38

Guys, I'd really be super appreciative of any feedback. I so badly want to improve my erotic fiction writing, and more so just my writing skills in general. Constructive criticism (or even praise if you think I deserve it) would be super awesome.

As I said, this is my first fic. I'm new at this, but I'd really like to write more. I know I have more wet stories to tell, and I'd really like to be the one to tell them. I realize this fic might have too much plot for a porn fic and too much porn to be plot-centric... Eh, if you agree, please let me know. Tell me which way I should lean towards in the future. What is too much character development for a porn piece. Help me see how to draw the line. I want to get better. I don't know if I haven't waited long enough for a reply, or if nobody wants to review a newbie writer's fic, if the people viewing the topic are getting bored and clicking back, or if it just sucks and the readers are just too polite to say so.

Also, I hope a double post doesn't count as spamming. :X If it does, please let me know and I'll tack this to the original post. I was just trying to bump the thread cause I'm so eager for a response. :p

