The Greatest Day Ever

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2020-02-27 20:14

Hey everyone! Here's an extract from my latest Omorashi story, now available on Amazon. I hope you all enjoy it and i've attached a link below to the full thing.

THIS STORY CONTAINS PUBLIC HUMILIATION, WETTING AND DESPERATION; WITHIN THIS EXTRACT. FULL STORY CONTAINS HEAVILY SEXUAL SCENES IN PUBLIC CINEMA.

THE GREATEST DAY EVER

She attempted to use the toilets half a dozen times over the course of four hours, each time finding immense cues and deciding she'd come back when less busy. At first it was easily shrugged off but by her last attempt, she had become increasingly desperate for the toilet. She had tried waiting in line for over fifteen minutes, only to find the cue barely moved and she walked away in frustration. By now, she was regularly rubbing her legs together, clicking her foot, pacing and would have started to openly hold herself; had the thought not mortified her. She began walking around in search of more bathrooms but none were available and by now, she had even started to subtly use her staff to grind against; finding temporary relief. Her need was getting bad. She needed to go.

Stumbling out of the centre; making her way through the crowds as casually as she could, she hoped to find a nearby restaurant, shop, ANYTHING where she could use their toilets. However, dozens of other like-minded women had thought the same and she found every nearby establishment filled with desperate women like herself. Her situation began to get critical when; upon entering a small takeaway, she found a line of eight girls aged 16-23 all waiting. Frustrated, she was about to turn away, when she heard a gasp.

A nineteen-year-old redhead cosplaying The Black Witch was holding herself shamelessly in her latex, yet it was not helping as Aleynna heard the sound of urine running inside her clothes, bursting through her fingers and watched it soak her legs, outfit, socks, shoes and space around her. Watching the girl lose control and moan/sob with relief sent her own need into overdrive and she stumbled out the takeaway, now utterly desperate.

She could feel her bladder bulging, her legs shaking; sweat pouring down her forehead, a small wet patch in her white panties where she'd leaked moments ago. She knew she was only moments from losing control, in minutes; if not seconds with how desperate she felt, she would have a major accident. In blind desperation, she hoped she could find a smaller, unoccupied shop down a small side street and made it half-way down before realising the horrible truth: It was nothing more than a dead end alleyway.

Aleynna cried out in frustration and leaned back against the wall, holding herself tightly with both hands; hoping to regain some control. It was no use. Neither her control nor the force itself could save her and she began to shake violently.

"Oh god, oh god, no, no, no, please no!".

Her muttered prayer went unanswered and moments later, she felt her body's control shatter. For a second or two, she could feel her control gone but nothing happened. Then, a hot, wet stream of urine burst through her red panties; soaking them, beginning to drench her desert robes in piss. She shook and moan as she continued to violently wet herself, an expanding patch running across her clothes, over her bum, down her legs; until it reached bare skin, upon where the urine drenched her socks and shoes. Soon, a puddle was forming all around her and her trembling breasts, legs and shoulders signalled her body's relief; and defeat, to the urge that had got the best of her. She stood there in soaking wet robes like a little girl who had lost control, a very wet; though still very beautiful, desert explorer, utterly soaked.

%https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B0857JJ7T9

$$

