The Joker Omorashi (Requested by Harley Quinn)

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-03-21 17:04

Batman Omorashi.

Night descended rapidly upon the city of Gotham, Jack Napier aka The Joker was sat at a table in the far corner of a well known bar in The Narrows. Tonight though Batman was supposedly taking a night off, he'd still donned his war paint and he'd decided that he'd scope for a few new victims for his next scheme, he was so interested in looking at a young couple fraternising at the bar that he didn't notice the young woman over the other side of the building watching him. Casually, the young woman held up a hand to the bartender who came over and she told him that she wanted whatever the man in the corner was having. As the bartender moved off, the young woman reached into her pocket and pulled out a little square of folded paper containing a a powder that was made of several crushed up tablets.

When the bartender returned with her drink, she waited for him to leave before she quickly unfolded the paper and discreetly tipped the contents into the drink and mixed it up a little with a spoon that she had next to her. Then, grabbing her purse under her arm, her own drink in one hand and the guys drink in the other, she casually walked over to the Joker's table and put the drink down in front of him.

"Hey there handsome" she said.

The Joker looked up at her and gave her the once over before narrowing his eyes. He'd seen girls like her before, all they wanted was a quick fuck just to say that they'd fucked a The Joker, but it wasn't like he could complain really. He did in fact rather enjoy the attention, most of the time the girls he fucked stayed with him for a few days and allowed him to get to know them and that helped a lot when he decided to pick out new victims. A small smile made it's way onto his mutilated and disfigured face and he motioned towards the seat opposite him. This could turn out to be rather...rewarding for him.

They sat there for a few hours, talking...well she was doing most of the talking and it was mainly about herself which he didn't mind really, the more he knew about her, the more he could know about her and the easier it would be to break into her apartment or house to kidnap her in time for tomorrow night when he would put his forming scheme together. However, as soon as he had half finished the fourth drink she'd brought him she gathered her things.

"Well, it was nice talking to you Mister Joker, but I really need to go now. Perhaps I'll see you again sometime" she said.

The Joker nodded and held up his half empty glass as she got up and left. Oh, she'd be seeing him sooner than she ever expected. Downing the last of his drink, he got up and he left, the people down here knowing who he was even without the war paint didn't dare ask him for any money and he liked that. And so he began to journey back to the disused apartment he was squatting in.

As he walked, he began to feel the familiar urge of needing to pee, but seeing as his apartment was only a few blocks up, he surmised that he could hold it until he got back to the digs. As he walked though, the sensation went from a simple niggle, to a warm feeling in the pit of his stomach. It wasn't a bad need, but it was a need none-the-less and he still told himself that he would hold it until he got "home". The more he walked, the more the pressure on his bladder increased. Stopping and leaning against the wall, the mad man thought back to in the bar, he hadn't had that much to drink, five drinks that's it and usually it took more than that to have this kind of effect on him. He tried to think of why he was steadily becoming desperate to use the bathroom, but a strong twinge from his bladder prevented that thought from going any farther. Growling slightly, The Joker pushed off of the wall and began to walk towards the apartment again.

As he walked, he could feel his manhood slowly rising, though he wasn't getting hard, he wasn't exactly staying soft either and when he got within two blocks of his apartment, his bladder gave a strong contraction and he doubled over with one hand at his stomach and the other between his legs. He couldn't believe that this was happening and he growled at himself again.

'No, I will hold it, I'm not a child' he thought.

Straightening up, he began to walk again, but froze when he felt a dribble escape his semi-erect manhood and dampen his underwear. His eyes widened and he quickly looked around, not that it would make much difference if anyone caught him taking a leak around here, he didn't exactly want the fact that he had to piss like a child in the papers within the next few days, that would surely ruin his villainous image. Gaining control of himself, he began to walk again, though his eyes widened when he felt another dribble escape his pisser and land in his underwear again. Narrowing his eyes, he continued to walk, he would not be beaten by something as basic as needing to piss.

When he got to within one block of his hijacked apartment, he was sure that he had a sizeable wet patch upon his blue boxers and he dearly hoped that it hadn't spilled through to his purple pants. He continued to walk until an extremely strong bladder contraction had him doubling over again and this time, a high pressured squirt left his piss hole and this time, it did show on his purple pants. Thankfully it was dark, so no-one could really see anything. Once again leaning against the wall, he attempted to not only control his body, but think about how he could've gotten into this situation. Then it hit him like a punch to the gut...the need to pee had only just started to crop up after that woman had given him that drink.

'Bitch must've slipped me a mickey' he thought.

After gaining some semblance of control of his body, The Joker began to walk again, every so often he would squirt into his boxers and thus the stain upon his pants would grow a little bigger, but as soon as he reached his hijacked apartment door, he couldn't stand still. Shoving his gloved hands between his legs, he rhythmically bent his knees and straightened them in a bouncing motion a few times before he wrenched one hand away and dug around in his pocket for the keys. A few minutes of fumbling around in his pocket and a few more squirts later, the keys were in his hand and as he held them out to the door, his hand was shaking.

He did however manage to get the key into the lock, just as another spasm rocked his bladder and a supersize squirt forced its way passed the muscles clamping tightly around the opening of his bladder and dashed to freedom, only to be caught by his already wet underwear. He couldn't suppress a small groan that left him at the pain. His bladder was so distended by this point that if any more liquid were to enter it, he was sure it would burst.

Quickly turning the key in the lock, the door swung open and he stumbled in not even bothering to close the door or remove the key from the lock. With both of his hands clenched tightly at his crotch, he began to shuffle towards the bathroom. However, it seemed that he was about to pay penance for all the years of terrorising Batman and Gotham as three long spurts escaped his cock in short succession. At feeling this, he stepped up the speed of his shuffle towards the bathroom, only to fall at the final hurdle. Just as he reached the bathroom door, his bladder gave up the fight and after a few more spurts, his piss began to just stream out of him and he dropped to his knees with both of his hands against the doorframe. The pee hissed out of his body, soaking his underwear and his purple pants and pooled on the floor under him. He couldn't deny that the relief was almost orgasmic, he only wished that he'd been able to piss in the toilet instead of wetting himself like a child.

*002*2015-03-21 17:23

Glad I could deliver

