Just Let it Out ch1 - Page 4

Author: SashaButters

*077*2015-07-14 23:20

Ch 26

“H-hi.” Emily mumbled as she took in Anna’s features and fancy business suit before turning away as her heart began pounding from nerves all over again.

“Let’s go to my office and talk, my CFO is waiting.” Anna said leading her to a private elevator before sticking a key card in the slot and stepping into the elevator as Emily followed behind smiling internally at the look on the secretary’s face before the doors closed. The two stood in awkward silence as they rode the elevator up the six floors until it opened to a suite.

“Woah.” Emily couldn’t help but say as she looked around at all the leather furniture, state of the art electronics, and a huge desk. And that view she thought as she looked out the windows that were floor to ceiling. “So pretty,”

"It's a nice view, huh." Anna agreed keeping her eyes glued to the back of the black haired girls head as she tried to stay as collected as possible. "You, uh, c-cut your hair." Anna said desperately trying to start a conversation and end the awkward silence that filled the room. Of course Anna already knew Emily had cut her hair six months ago, but she wasn't going to say anything.

"Oh yeah," Emily said running her fingers through her black hair that fell a little past her shoulders. "It kept getting stuck on branches in the forest."

"You're cute... no I meant, it's cute, but not that you're not cute either, I meant..." Anna said stumbling over her words awkwardly before she finally gave up and stopped mid sentence covering her face with her hands.

"Umm, thanks." Emily said as more awkward silence came between them.

"Do you want anything to drink before we get started?" Anna squeaked out heading over to the full sized mini bar.

"Coffee, please." Emily said as she laid eyes on the freshly brewed pot.

"This is, Daniel, the CFO. He pretty much runs the place." Anna admitted as she poured out three cups of coffee.

"Then what's your job?" Emily asked accepting the cup and taking a sip.

"Her job is just to sit and look pretty; I do all the real work." The man said with a laugh.

"I still have final say to everything." Anna said. "I still have to sit through all these meetings and sign documents all day."

"Oh." Emily said taking a seat in one of the leather chairs by the desk as she pulled a folder of papers out of her backpack. "I brought my notes."

"Great," Daniel said as Emily handed them over. "So tell me, what these can be used for? Sell it to me."

"Well, various antidotes for different kinds of poisons, one is a natural bug repellant while another can mimic pheramones to draw in pokemon during the spring." Emily explained.

"Interesting, there's one to promote healing for cuts and scrapes, laxative, antidiarrheal. These are for pokemon?" Daniel asked flipping through her notebook.

"Both humans and pokemon. I know most of these products already exist, but they're natural remedies without side effects mostly. Some of them are just for humans though since they are extremely powerful."

"What do the one's for humans do?" he asked.

"Basically what antidotes, paralyze heals, awakenings etc. do for pokemon. Say you got hit accidentally by a poisonous attack from standing to close during a battle, if you drink it, it will absorb the poison from your body and flush it out." Emily explained. "That one i'm most proud of. It took me about three years to get it right."

"This is interesting." He said continuing to flip through. "Sexual arousal?" He asked raising his eyebrows. "How'd you come up with that?"

"Heh, that was actually an accident. It started off as a cure for someone who had used poison oak as toilet paper. Once applied, it had some unexpected side effects." Emily mumbled as Anna crossed her legs and squirmed.

“What kind of dumbass uses poison oak as toilet paper?” Daniel asked to himself causing Emily to smirk as the two girls eyes met.

“Anyway.” Anna mumbled as she tried her best to hide her blush. “Shall we get started?”

The three of them stayed talking late into the evening. They drew up plans and expenses of all the ingredients they would need to collect. Although Daniel didn’t voice it; he was very excited. Costs could be kept low, but with Anna’s ban on pokemon testing how could they test the products?

“Pokemon Centers.” Emily announced once Daniel voiced his concerns. “Have the trainers sign a waiver agreeing to test Beta products and in return they get, I don’t know, a voucher for a free item in the pokemon mart.”

“Hmm,” Daniel said thinking about it. “Anna does have family in the pokemon centers. If we got the nurses on our side it might work.”

Suddenly a low growl could be heard coming from across the desk as Emily blushed and held her stomach. “Sorry,” She mumbled realizing she hadn’t eaten since breakfast and it was already 8 pm!? “Oh no.” She moaned looking at the clock.

“What? What is it?” Anna asked.

“I missed the check in for the pokemon center.” Emily admitted. Not only would she have to sleep outside, she wouldn’t get any dinner either. She really hadn’t thought this trip through. She hadn’t planned on staying this late. She really thought she’d just be handing in her notes and be back on the train within the hour. Trials? Testing and marketing? Royalties? This she had not expected. It was almost as if they were actually planning on putting this stuff on the market and not just tossing ideas back and forth.

“Pokemon Center?” Anna asked. “You live in a pokemon center. Why would you want to stay there?”

“Where else would I stay?” Emily asked confused. “I can’t afford a hotel.”

“At my place.” Anna said as Emily’s face lost color. Stay with Anna? This whole meeting had been uncomfortable and awkward and now she’s inviting me to sleep at her place?

“Do you have enough room? I mean, thank you, I’d really appreciate being allowed to sleep on your couch; much better than sleeping on the ground.” Emily said before looking to Daniel and Anna confused as the two of them chuckled.

“I don’t know, Anna, do you have enough space in that tiny little house of yours?” Daniel said with a grin.

“It’s going to be hard.” Anna said stifling a laugh of her own. “I mean, she even wants to sleep on the couch. Who does she think I am, royalty?” Anna joked before turning back to Emily, who sat awkwardly waiting. “Don’t worry, there’s plenty of space.” Anna said before looking at the time herself. “Should we call it a night and pick up where we left off tomorrow?”

“Sounds good to me.” Daniel said as he packed up his suitcase before shaking Emily’s hand and leaving the two girls alone in awkward silence. Tension quickly filled the room as the two sat trying to fill the uncomfortable air. Seconds seemed to painfully drag by as Emily tried and failed to think of something to say. She inaudibly cursed herself. Just this morning she could think of at least ten pages of text off the top of her head she’d love to tell Anna if she ever came face to face with her again, but now here was her chance and her mind was drawing a blank.

“How have you been?” Anna asked ending the painfully uncomfortable silence.

How have I been? Emily thought to herself. ‘Great’ the voice in the back of her head said. ‘Tell her you’re doing great. Put on a happy face and tell her you’re doing just fine without her.’ “F-fine.” Emily mumbled. Way to show confidence her inner voice said sarcastically. “You?”

Anna let her own inner monologue run its course as she herself wondered what to say. Guilty? Lonely? Regretful? Scared? Stressed? Angry? All of the above? Forgive me! Please forgive me! She desperately wanted to say. Anna could feel the stinging in her eyes and throat beginning to form. No, this wasn’t the time. She wasn’t ready to open up just yet. Who's to say Emily would even just forgive her just because she asked her to. What did she expect? For her to just run into her arms and pick up where they left off? Did she herself even want that? She left because she couldn’t see Emily as anything other than Izzy anymore. Was that really the reason she left?

“Anna? Anna!” She heard snapping her attention back to see the sleeve of her suit dripping with cold coffee from the cup she had apparently knocked over during her soul searching.

“Ugh.” Anna moaned searching for something to clean up the spill with before shrugging and taking off her coat to mop up the mess. “I didn’t like this jacket anyway, it itches.” Anna said with a weak smile. “We should get going. I hope you don’t mind walking, it’s only like a 20 minute walk on foot.”

“That’s fine.” Emily said as they rode the elevator down to the now empty lobby and walked out the door. The pair walked in silence again passing by now empty businesses and the occasional apartment building before Emily’s stomach let out another audible groan for food as they saw a fastfood chain up ahead.

“I would kill for a burger and shake right now.” Anna said also noticing the approaching food establishment. “I haven’t had one in so long, but Olga would kill me.”

“Why?” Emily asked. “Who’s Olga?”

“She’s, uh, well she’s my, umm.” Anna said stumbling to find the right words.

“Girlfriend?” Emily accidently blurted out feeling her heart sink a little.

“No no!” Anna said getting flustered. “She’s my nanny!” Emily gave her a confused look, but couldn’t help but let out the air she was holding in anticipation. Why do I care if she has somebody else? Emily silently wondered chastising herself. “Well maybe nanny isn’t the right word. She used to be my nanny, now she’s more of a groundskeeper. Keeps the property up and is more for company.”

“Oh.” Emily said. “Well your nannies not here now, is she?” Emily said with a playful smile.

“Mmm.” Anna moaned with a mouthful of cheeseburger. “This is so good.” Emily smiled a little and relaxed into the hard plastic seats. Prim, proper and rich Anna was gone suddenly replaced with the girl Emily knew as soon as a hamburger was placed in front of her. It was places like this where they used to go on dates. For a fastfood place full of people on a Saturday night, this place was awfully quiet she realized as she slowly turned her head only to be met with about a dozen different pairs of eyes watching them.

“Why is everyone staring at us?” Emily whispered between sips of her shake.

“Hmm?” Anna hummed mid bite of the burger she has nearly devoured in record time. She quickly came out of her food induced trance as she began to take notice of all the eyes watching them. No, watching her. She suddenly became aware of the glob of mayonnaise hanging down her chin as she quickly cleaned herself up. Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea.

“Miss Silph?” A voice inquired as the two girls turned to see a man nicely dressed, for a fast food chain, standing at their table. “I just wanted to introduce myself; I’m the owner. One of my employees said you were dining with us this evening so I came out to prove them wrong and then, here you are.”

“Here I am.” Anna agreed with a polite smile.

“If I had known you were planning on joining us I would have made sure the place was better maintained.” The man with the tucked in shirt and corny tie said.

“Don’t worry about it; it was spur of the moment.” Anna admitted. “I was just catching up with an old friend and we’d go to the one in Cerulean City all the time. Just thought it would be fun for old time's sake.”

“Well if there’s anything, anything you need please don’t hesitate to ask.” he said gripping Anna’s hand while Anna sported a look on her face saying she’d rather be anywhere but here.

“Sorry about that.” Anna mumbled with her eyes cast down to the plastic table once the coast was clear. Why couldn’t people understand she just wanted to be left alone she thought with a heavy sigh. She didn’t want special treatment or people getting nervous at her mere presence. She just wanted to be a normal 22 year old. What would Emily think of her now?

“It’s alright.” Emily said with a slight grimace as she felt the intensity of her fellow patrons stares almost as if they were judging her. Yes, that was it. It was as if she could hear them say “Why is someone like you hanging out with someone like Anna. Emily swallowed the lump in her throat as she realized Anna was far out of her league now. She was elite and Emily was...Emily? Then again Anna was always out of her league, so why were they together back then? That’s right, Emily thought, I reminded her of her sister. No wait, I AM her sister. At least I used to be. That’s it! “Hey, Anna?” Emily mumbled quietly so that the onlookers couldn’t hear.

“Yeah?” Anna said lifting her head trying to read the girls expression.

“When we get to your place, could you tell me about Izzy?” Emily asked. “I’m just curious about my past.” Which was technically true, Emily thought. It’s not everyday you find out you are not who you thought you were. She had only gotten a faint idea from Rachel as to what happened. Rachel also never omitted the story of her having peed in Rachel’s lap when they first met in order to embarrass her and that was before the memory wipe.

Anna seemed a bit surprised at first, but nodded. “I’m ready whenever you are. I have photo albums at home.”

To say Emily was shocked at the size of the house -no mansion- was an understatement. Anna lived here?! No wonder they were joking about her not having space. It was a hike just getting to the front door she thought as her and Anna walked the long path that led from the gate to the entrance. She couldn’t help but notice the property itself looked unkept. The lawn was high, weeds were growing wildly in the once lush flowerbeds, and plants themselves seemed to be dying out.

“Guess I shouldn't have gotten rid of the gardener.” Anna admitted as she watched Emily looking about. “When I came back to live here it felt uncomfortable to have staff, but I guess somethings I should have kept.”

“What kind of people worked here?” Emily asked as Anna dug through her pockets and produced a key.

“Butlers, gardeners, chefs, nannies, drivers, accountants, maids.”

“Wow, and you let them all go?” Emily asked before she was left speechless as the front door opened to reveal the immaculate lobby.

“Thought I didn’t need them.” Anna said letting Emily look around. “Like I said I kept Olga for company, but she does a damn good job keeping the place looking great.”

“Why thank you, but I cou-” Olga said coming into the room when she heard the front door open but froze when she saw Emily. The 19 year old stood awkwardly next to Anna as she felt herself getting scanned under the blond womans gaze.

“Umm, this is Emily.” Anna said breaking Olga’s stare.

“Emily?” Olga said in more of a question than a statement as she glanced from Anna to the new girl and back. “Right, sorry” She finally said. “I must be imagining things. Would you like anything, Emily?”

“No, thank you.” Emily said unconsciously stepping closer towards Anna. Emily was soon led through a tour of the house as the girls eyes grew wider and wider with each room she was shown. “How many people live here?” Emily asked gawking when she learned of the many rooms and square footage.

“Just Olga and I.” Anna said with a shrug. “I don’t see her much though, I spend most of my time in my room. This place kind of creeps me out to be honest.”

“Really, why?” Emily asked as they climbed the large staircase to the second floor.

“I remember it being full of people, before everything happened it was busy and lively. Now it’s just empty and depressing.” Anna said before pausing at the top of the stairs and trailing her hand down the banister. “Heh, I remember we’d always slide down this thing and Olga would get so mad. You broke your arm falling off, and I got in so much trouble.” Anna laughed weakly. “We never did it again after that.” Emily flexed her arm and tried to remember a time where she ever broke it, but couldn’t remember. “Sorry.” Anna apologized as she led Emily down the hall to her room. “I know you’re not Izzy anymore.”

“What else did you guys do?” Emily asked.

“We’d get a mattress from the guest room and slide down the stairs. That was fun.” Anna said as she sat on her bed reminiscing. “Hey, come here. Want to see your room? My dad never touched it, everything is exactly as you left it.” She said leading Emily across the hall to the room opposite hers.

“Wow.” Emily said looking around. It was a 11 year olds paradise. Flat screen tv hanging over a large queen sized canopy bed, toys everywhere and wall to ceiling bookcase full of of books and dvds and the latest video game systems. Well the latest as of 8 years ago Emily thought. Walking to the nightstand Emily picked up a framed photograph to examine it closer. She smiled as stared at the photo of Anna wrapping her arms around the 10 year old Izzy which was unmistakably her. She looked so much healthier than the photo’s of the real Emily.

“Want to see more?” Anna asked.

“Yeah.” Emily said setting the photo down.

“I’ll grab the photo albums just meet me in my room.” Emily nodded giving the room a final once over before closing the door behind her. She crossed the hall and waited on Anna’s bed for ten minutes before getting up and looking around. I wonder if she’s still a perv, Emily thought peeking her head underneath the bed where she usually stashed her “toys” Yep, still a perv Emily thought with a smile before seeing something else amidst the collection of battery operated devices. She frowned slightly as she stood back up and sat back down on the bed. Guess she still has that problem too, she thought holding up the pull on night diaper in her hand.

“So I know you're technically too young, but I thought-” Anna said coming back in but froze when she saw what was in Emily’s hand.

“Sorry, uh, it was on the floor.” Emily said dropping it. Anna quickly snatched the diaper and threw it in a drawer blushing. “Still happening?” Emily asked.

“Yeah.” Anna muttered blushing. “It’s been worse since I came here.”

“Oh.” Was all Emily could think to say before suddenly spying what Anna had brought into the room. “Is that?”

“Champaigne. Want some?” Anna asked picking up the two glasses. “We’ll just pretend you're 21.

“Bad big sister.” Emily said with a smile. “Yes, please.” Anna poured out two glasses and joined her on the bed with the photo album as they each sipped from their glasses.

“Aww, you were so little!” Emily said looking at a picture of 4 year old Anna who was riding a tricycle outside. “So cute!” She giggled flipping through the dozens of pages of photographs.

“What? What’s so funny?” Anna asked giggling herself.

“I don’t know, I feel funny.” Emily said with a large smile plastered on her face.

“It couldn’t have been the nearly five glasses of alcohol you drank.” Anna said giggling as she herself felt foggy and lightheaded.

“You had more than I did!” Emily said hitting her with a pillow glad the awkwardness between them was finally gone thanks to a little help from, umm, whatever that was she drank.

“Want to do something fun?” Anna asked with a smile and glassy eyes.

This is a bad idea. This is a very bad idea Emily thought as she held on to Anna’s waist. Good bye mom, good bye Rachel. I’m sorry it had to end this way. “Ready?”Anna asked with a laugh holding on to the top of the stairs.

“No!” Emily said into Anna’s back as she held on as tight as she could. “I think I need another drink first, or five!”

“I’m going to do it!” Anna giggled gripping the stairs as she readied herself to push them down. “One! Two! Three!” Anna yelled as she pushed them off with her hands as they rode the mattress down the giant flight of stairs; each screaming all the way down until they roughly came to a stop halfway in the lobby. The both of them giggled madly as they tried to stand up before crashing into each other and falling back down.

“What in the world are you two doing?” Olga said looking down on the two girls as they tried again to pull themselves up.

“Juth having some fun.” Anna said as the two laughed at her slip up.

“Anna, are you drunk?” Olga asked narrowing her brows .

“A little.” Anna giggled.

“And here I thought my babysitting days were over.” Olga said throwing up her hands and leaving. “Don’t you dare break anything!” She yelled behind her.

“So.” Emily said as they stared at each other. “Again?”

###

“I mith this.” Anna admitted lying back down on her bed in her room and enjoying the buzz.

“Miss wha?” Emily asked lying back next to Anna. “And I can’t belieth we drank that whole bottle.”

“Thith, the two of uth just hanging out, and you.”

“You miss me?” Emily asked sitting up to look at her.

“Thuh, of course I do, I hate it here.” Anna said slurring her words slightly. “Did you think I didn’t?”

“Well, yeah.” Emily admitted. “You were the one that left.”

“And i’ve regretted it every day since! We had a good thing and I blew it.” Anna said sitting up and facing Emily.

“You hurt me.” Emily said staring straight at Anna, her buzz giving her the courage to say what she couldn’t before. “You just up and left without even saying goodbye!”

'”Please, I’m sorry!” Anna said as her eyes filled with tears. “Please forgive me. We can forget this ever happened and go back.”

“No.” Emily said shaking her head as the room slowly spun. “We can’t go back and I don’t know if I could forgive you right now.”

“Oh.” Anna said sadly.

“Maybe if you asked me tomorrow when we’re not drunk.” Emily said resting her head on Anna’s stomach as she closed her eyes. “And I missed you too.” She said after a minute as she smiled as one of Anna’s arms wrapped around her as she heard her whisper in her ear.

“I never stopped loving you.”

“Who do you see me as now?” Emily asked twenty minutes later. “Am I Emily or am I Izzy?” She waited for an answer but all she got in return was some light snoring signaling that Anna was already passed out and soon Emily closed her eyes and did the same.

###

“What happened to you two?” Daniel asked to the two girls who practically had to drag themselves into the office the next morning.

“Not so loud.” Anna moaned clutching her head.

“I’m never drinking again.” Emily said resting her head on the cool leather armrest.

“Celebrating too hard I see.” Daniel laughed as he opened up his brief case and pulled out some papers. “I’ll make it quick then. All you have to do is sign these papers and you’ll be apart of the Silph Co team.”

“What?” Emily asked looking up. “I thought you were just going to fund my research.”

“Well, yes, but you’ll be doing your research here in our lab as an employee.”

“Wait, so, I’d have to be here?” Emily asked. “How often?”

“We’re offering you a full time position at our company.” Daniel said. “So 40 hours a week, probably more once it’s ready to be marketed.”

“When would this start? What about the pokemon center?”

“Well, monday morning.” Daniel said. “If you wanted to wait a week or two to say good-bye to your friends…”

“Where would I live?” Emily asked. “I thought this was just a passing thought.”

“No, we’re quite serious about this and would like you to start right away.” Daniel said. “There’s plenty of apartments around here.”

“Just move in with me.” Anna blurted out.

“What?” Emily nearly shouted.

“You don’t have to stay in the room across from mine, there’s like 20 other rooms to pick from, plus a pool, a gym, a-”

“I-I guess.” Emily said feeling a little overwhelmed before looking up at Anna and taking a deep breath. “There’s something I have to do first.” Emily said as she walked closer to Anna.

“What?” Anna asked growing nervous as palms began to sweat. Emily beckoned her closer until they stood face to face. “What...do you need to do?”

“This.” Emily said as she suddenly pulled her arm back before punching Anna in the face. “Now I forgive you.”

*080*2015-07-19 03:23

You know that feeling when you look back on your earlier work and cringe? The beginning of this story...*shudders* Anyway would anyone be interested if I re-did the first few chapters to reflect the actual plot of this story, and also add in Emily's Diary in the order is was meant to be read so people who started reading this later know the proper order and story? Basically I want to make a new thread combining the two but I want to make sure it's cool with you guys so I don't spam the thread.

*083*2015-07-19 04:12

Yeah, I just got to go through first and clean up my spelling and grammar a bit...well okay, a lot ^^

*087*2015-07-23 19:14

It's a bit short and I was going to have it keep going after this point, but I can't think of a better way to end this chapter.

Chapter 27

Images of the past flashed before the brunet's mind as she tossed and turned in her sleep while whimpering. Someone, help! Anyone! Why won’t they answer me? She struggled against the restraints that held her up into the seat as she hung upside in the wreckage. MOM! IZZY! SOMEBODY! The fourteen year old screamed and thrashed ignoring the sharp pains in her legs until she could bear it no more. Exhausted from the pain, she let herself go limp against the seat belt that kept her from falling onto the hood of the car. She could faintly hear the sounds of her little sisters shallow breathing as strange colors and images danced before her eyes.

She felt dizzy and lightheaded, but chalked it up to having hit her head. Looking up she saw her legs pinned together by the seat in seat in front of her as her legs oozed purple goo that dripped onto her clothes and face. The family luggage separated her and her sister. Exerting all of her remaining strength she managed to dig a hole through all the stuff to make out her sister's limp body. She rested her head against a suitcase and closed her eyes trying not to vomit as her stomach did summersaults with the strange sensations.

Once she caught a moment's rest, she lifted her head and peeked through the hole once again. There was something in the way of her vision. What was it? She blinked and tried to focus her eyes, but it wouldn’t leave. Was it a pole? No a tree branch; it must be a tree branch she thought realizing the car was amongst a heavily wooded area. She felt the nausea return as she realized it was coming out of her sister's body. She turned her head and gagged as she felt vomit trickling into her hair. She could vaguely hear people talking outside. What were they saying?

“...The girl is the only survivor. The mother appeared to have died from a head wound. There’s another girl in the back, but I can’t get to her. She appears to be dead as well; her face is covered in blood.” The girl closed her eyes and leaned her head against the suitcase as tears streamed down her face. I’m the only survivor? Mom! Izzy! Please don’t leave me. She wanted to talk to the people that would rescue her, but she was slowly losing consciousness from being upside too long. When she opened her eyes again she could hear the car door open as people moved about inside. How much time has gone by? Why am I still here? She peeked her eyes through the hole and took in her sister’s pale lifeless features once more. She really was gone. The door closed as she could hear people walking away. No! Where are you going? Don’t leave me here…

Emily opened her eyes in the darkened bedroom that had once belonged to her. Try as she might she just couldn’t sleep. The bed was perfect; better than anything she had ever laid down on before as was the comforter wrapped around her. It was the softest material she had ever felt. It was pure bliss so why couldn’t she sleep she wondered. Namine and Roxas sure took to the rich lifestyle quickly she thought watching the two furry lumps peacefully sleeping atop the blankets together. After another fifteen minutes of tossing and turning she sat up and rubbed her eyes before glancing at the clock on Iz- her nightstand. 2 Am. She’d go back to the pokemon center today. It was the last day to make her decision and she’d decided no. How would she break the news to Anna though?

What was she thinking turning this down? Her brother and his wife were living with Delia and were expecting a baby in two months. Try as they might, they kept getting turned away at every house and apartment they looked at. Ash quit his job as a ranger once he got married because he wanted to settle down, but now no one would approve a loan. Here she was given the opportunity to live in a mansion with a great job and she was going to just throw it away. Why? Because Anna couldn’t see her as anything but Izzy still? Because it was too awkward? Because it hurt. The thing she wanted was so close, but so far away. The awkwardness between them came back as soon as their buzz was over.

Emily sighed in frustration. She was really going to miss this bed she thought as she slipped out of the covers and out the door. As she made her way down the hall she heard a loud thunk along with some yelling coming from across the hall. Emily paused and stared at the door belonging to her ex. “Anna?” She knocked on the door but there was no reply except for some moaning. Worried, Emily opened the door to find Anna trapped in a ball of blankets on the floor thrashing about and yelling. She wanted to laugh, but stopped smiling as soon as she realized the older girl was crying.

“Anna?’ Emily said coming to her side to free her from the tangled ball of sheets and blankets, but froze once she heard Anna mumbling something.

“Don’t leave me.” Anna muttered. Emily gulped. How did she find out? No, wait, she was still asleep. Emily turned on the bedside lamp after smelling something foul before seeing the mess Anna was in and kneeled down to free her. Her face was covered in sweat. The front of her pajamas were stained with last nights dinner that had also ended up in her hair.

“Anna wake up!” Emily said more firmly as Anna slowly opened her eyes as she briefly looked around but her eyes stayed unfocused. “You’re burning up!” Emily said frowning as she felt the girls forehead. She looked up at the bed and noticed the large wet stain across the sheets. She definitely wasn’t going back in her bed. “Can you sit up?’

“Mrm.” Anna groaned in response lifting herself up an inch before lying back on the floor and shaking her head and mumbled something that sounded like, “spinning.”

“Okay, just stay there.” Emily said grabbing the pillows off the bed and sliding them underneath Anna’s head before going back to work at untangling her to reveal the soaked sheets wrapped around her. After throwing her soiled bedding in a pile she ran to her room and grabbed the blanket after shooing away Namine and Roxas. She thought better of it after getting another glance at Anna before setting it next to her and grabbing a few things from the bathroom.

“Mom…” Anna mumbled half conscious. First I’m her sister, now i’m her mom. Great. Wait, it’s today! Emily cringed, how could she forget today was the anniversary of the crash and she was just going to leave her…

“I’m sorry, Anna.” Emily whispered kneeling down beside her taking in the sick girls state. “Let’s get these dirty clothes off you.” She said as Anna mumbled something in agreement as she closed her eyes and let Emily strip her without a fight.

“Sorry.” Anna mumbled. “Thought I’d be ok.”

“Don’t worry about it.” Emily said thinking for a moment before going to Anna’s dresser and pulling out the diaper she had found the other night after wiping all the sweat off Anna’s chest and arms. “Why didn’t you wear one?” Emily asked as she began wiping Anna’s lower half down.

“You were here.”

“So? Not like we’ve never seen each other in diapers.” Emily said as she lifted up one of Anna’s legs to wipe it off.

Anna shook her head. “Thought I’d be ok ‘cause you were here.” She whispered.

“Because you had Izzy back?” Emily asked as she finished taking care of Anna’s accident and began unfolding the diaper, but paused when Anna shook her head.

“Because I had Emily back.” Anna croaked as Emily sat in silence for a moment. Had she misjudged the situation? She quickly snapped out of her trance and continued diapering her.

“Heh, guess it’s my turn to help you.” Emily said with a smile as she finished with the tapes and placed another damp washcloth on Anna’s forehead.

“That better not be the same one you wiped my butt with.” Anna mumbled with a weak smile.

“Nah, but that’s a good idea.” Emily said as she lifted the washcloth off of Anna and motioned like she was going to swap them.

“Noo!!” Anna said weakly as Emily put the washcloth back.

“Here.” Emily said offering her a hand. “Let’s get you back into bed.”

After Emily had managed to half drag, half carry Anna across the hall she laid her down onto the bed. “Try and get some more rest.” Emily said covering Anna with the blanket. “Do you want anything?”

Anna mumbled as she closed her eyes. “I don’t want to be alone.”

“Want me to get Olga?”

“She’s off this week.” Anna said.

“Now of all times?” Emily asked with a sigh. “I’ll bring up some water and see what I can find for your fever.” She said before heading down to the kitchen and filling a pitcher. “Cups...cups… here we go.” She said before searching everywhere until she found an anti pyretic...that expired five years ago.

“Here, Anna, drink some water.” Emily said handing her a cup. “And in case you get sick again.” She said setting a trashcan beside the bed.

“Thank you.” Anna whispered taking a few sips and setting the cup on the nightstand before closing her eyes.

“You’re shaking,” Emily said. “I couldn’t find anything for your fever. Should I go to the store while you sleep ?”

“No,” Anna mumbled weakly . “I don’t want to go to sleep.”

“Why not? It’s late and you’re sick; you need to rest.” Emily said worried. She had never seen Anna like this before. Anna had always been the strong one whom Emily had relied on. What happened? Was she always like this at the anniversary of her family’s death? No way she could leave her like this.

“Then would you stay with me until I fall asleep?”

“Yes,” Emily decided as she climbed into bed next to her. “I’ll stay as long as you want me too.”

“Thank you.” Anna mumbled as she scooted closer to Emily who wrapped her arms around her and held Anna’s trembling body close. Wait, was this really all the fevers doing? There had to be something more.

“What’s wrong?” Emily asked as she ran her fingers through Anna’s hair as the brunette sobbed and shivered in her arms.

“I saw your bags were packed last night. You were going back weren’t you?”

“Yes,” Emily admitted after a moment of silence. There was no point in hiding it anymore.

“W-why? You could have everything here! A job, a home!” Anna pleaded.

“But what I want is you!”

“Then why would you leave? I’m right here!” Anna asked looking up at Emily with her tear streaked face.

“It’s not the same! You don’t want me the same way I want you and it hurts! You want a sister and I want my girlfriend. You want Izzy, but I’m not-” Emily said but was suddenly cut off by Anna’s lips forcefully pressed against hers until she pulled back. Emily looked at Anna’s face confused for a moment.

“Izzy liked mint while you like chocolate. Izzy was social while you’re book smart. Izzy loved to be babied and taken care of while you’re stubborn and independent. Izzy would run around naked if she could while you wouldn’t leave the house in anything less than a parka if you wouldn’t get heat exhaustion. Izzy was terrified of my dad while you dropped a dirty diaper on his face. Izzy died when she was 11. She’s gone; she’s not coming back! I’m sorry I didn’t see that before, but I do now! I love you- no! I’m IN love with you, Emily Ketchum. Please don’t go.” Anna begged as she searched Emily’s face.

Emily sat in stunned silence. Anna... still loves...me?

“If I still thought you were my sister would I want to do this?” Anna whispered in Emily’s ear before gently pulling her in for a deep kiss that left the two breathless when they broke apart. “I love you, Emily.” Anna whispered slowly stroking Emily’s tear streaked face with her warm palm.

“Either you’re telling the truth or you and your sister had a very messed up relationship.” Emily joked with a wide smile as tears with a different meaning spilled out before leaning forward and lightly kissing Anna on the forehead. “Go back to sleep and I’ll hold you and fight away your bad dreams.”

“And you’ll still be here when I wake up?” Anna asked snuggling into Emily’s outstretched arms.

“I promise there’s no where else I’d rather be. I’ll stay and take care of you like you took care of me.” Emily whispered.

“But what happens when I’m better?” Anna asked between yawns fighting against the sleep that was quickly overpowering her.

“Then I guess I’ll have to just stick around and wait for you to get sick again.” Emily answered with a smile lightly stroking Anna’s face as she watched her slip into a peaceful dreamless sleep. “I love you too, Anna.” she whispered before resting her head next to Anna’s and doing the same.

*091*2015-07-26 02:22

Emily cringed as Anna began throwing up again for the twentieth time that day. She was in over her head she realized as Anna had failed to keep any of the medications she had bought her down. Even the tiniest sips of water ended up at the bottom of the trashcan by the bed. Emily set her book down on the adjoining seat on the couch in Izzy’s room as she reached for her cellphone to call for help.

“I’m fine.” Anna insisted wiping her mouth with the back of her hand as she laid back down while letting out a moan that sounded inconsistent with her earlier statement. “I just need to sleep it off.”

“You’re not going to get much sleep when you keep choking on your own vomit.” Emily said before speaking with someone on the phone.

“Why won’t you cuddle with me anymore?” Anna asked with a weak smile patting the empty side of the bed next to her. “I thought you loved me.” Emily cringed and scooted a seat farther away from the bed making a cross with her fingers.

“I’ll love you from over here, okay? I called the pokemon center; someone will be here soon to give you something for the fever and nausea.” Emily said hanging up her phone.

“Since when does the pokemon center make house calls?” Anna muttered closing her eyes as she shivered underneath the blankets.

“It does when the patients a millionaire.”

“You didn’t say my name.”

“Uh...well...I know someone. Nurse Joy kinda pulled a few strings last year and got someone back into school there.” Emily said. “She agreed to come help you out.”

“An intern? They’re not going to be nervous dealing with me right?”

“No, you’ve met.” Emily said picking up her book.

“Am I going to get a shot?”

“Probably. Don’t cry.”

“I’m not going to cry.”

“You cried two days ago taking off a band-aid.”

“T-that was different!” Anna insisted with a pout. “It was stuck on my arm hair.” she mumbled closing her eyes only to be awakened a half hour later by voices coming down the hall.

“So where’s the patient?” A woman’s voice asked entering the room. “There she is.” Anna’s eyes went wide as she recognized the woman’s voice as an older version of Emily entered the room.

“It’s you! But how?” Anna muttered.

“It is I.” Rachel nodded smiling. “We really need to stop meeting like this, Anna.” She said setting her bag down on the bed before going through and pulling out some gloves. “So what’s the problem? I figured you learned your lesson last time with the poison oak so I’m going to assume it’s not that.”

“Vomiting, fever, chills, that sort of thing. I’ve tried giving her different fever reducers and things for nausea, but she can’t keep them down.” Emily said sitting back down on the couch.

“Hmm, it’s been going around this area pretty bad.” Rachel agreed pulling out a thermometer and putting it in Anna’s ear.

“Why does she get to have her temperature taken through her ear?” Namine asked with a tinge of jealousy.

“102.” Rachel read tossing the plastic tip in the trash before putting the thermometer back in her bag. “You’re also dehydrated.” Rachel announced after checking the elasticity of the skin on Anna’s hand. “Have you been drinking water?”

“She can’t keep it down.” Emily answered as Rachel came towards her.

“Alright, well, here’s the thing. The most important thing right now is to get her fever under control, but since she can’t stomach anything she’ll have to make do with these.” Rachel whispered holding up the package causing Emily to cringe.

“If it’ll help her… She might be too miserable to care and she did say she didn’t want a shot.” Emily said watching Rachel walk back over to the bed.

“Anna, you may not like it, but I have something that will help you feel better.” Rachel said softly patting the sick girl on the head to wake her up.

“Ok.” Anna mumbled.

“Do you want us to help you or do you want to administer it yourself?” Rachel asked before Anna mumbled something unintelligible which Rachel took as a, “you do it.” “Can you roll over on your stomach?”

“Argh.” Anna moaned in response at having to move as she plopped into her stomach and buried her face into her pillow. “Am I getting a shot?”

“No, hun” Rachel said pulling back the blanket to reveal Anna’s diaper underneath. “Go ahead and use your diaper if you need to before I take it off.”

“Ok.” Anna mumbled into her pillow without a second thought as she relaxed and soaked the padding underneath her with a faint hiss.

“Is that all you needed to do?” Rachel asked as she began tearing open the package.

“Yeah.” Anna mumbled after a pause unconvincingly.

“Are you sure? Don’t lie. I need you to be empty if this is going to work. It’s ok if you need to do more. Do you want me to go talk with Emmy for a few minutes over there?” Rachel asked after getting no response. Anna nodded her head reluctantly. “Alright, take your time, I’ll just be over here if you need me.” Anna cringed, but covered back up with the blanket, shut her eyes and set out to finish relieving herself. She had had to go pretty badly anyway and it saved an awkward confrontation with Emily she told herself as her bowels silently thanked her.

“How’s it going over here?” Rachel asked gently rubbing her back as she returned to check on her. “All done?” Anna simply nodded and refused to make eye contact. “Emily, can you bring her a change while I take care of this? Thank you for not putting up a fight.” She whispered as she pulled out some wet wipes from her bag and began taking care of the mess.

“Sorry.” Anna mumbled as she felt herself getting wiped down.

“Don’t worry, hun, I’ve been doing this all week.” Rachel said. “Being sicks no fun, but this will help you feel better.” Rachel said as she tossed the mess into the trash along with her gloves before getting some new ones along with a jar of medical jelly.

“What will help me feel better?” Anna asked as she began wondering why she had be empty first.

“I need you to be facing the other way.” Rachel explained from the side of the bed. “Can you get up on your knees and point your butt towards me please?” Rachel asked ignoring her question. “Try and relax. The more you relax the easier this will be.” She said as she got the two, white bullet shaped capsules ready as she dipped her finger into the jelly and coated the first one. “

“You’re about to put something in my butt, aren’t you?” Anna asked as something cold suddenly pressed against her and rubbed against her opening answering that question for her. “Argh!” She grimaced and unconsciously clenched.

“Relax, Anna, I can’t get it in if you don’t relax.” Rachel said as she continued trying to push the bullet into her tightly closed opening. “You need to relax!”

“Everything ok?” Emily asked returning with the extra diaper. “Umm…”

“I can’t get it in. She’s clenched up tight.” Rachel admitted setting everything down. “I need you to get her to relax.”

“How?” Emily asked standing beside the bed blushing bright red as Rachel whispered into her ear. “But..but..I don’t want to do that in front of you! You’re one of my moms!”

“I won’t be watching you, I promise. I’ll be too focused on this one’s butt.” Rachel said patting Anna’s bottom. “Now be a good girlfriend and go distract her.”

“Fine.” Emily said with a defeated sigh as she climbed into bed with Anna. “Hey, focus on me instead.”

“You’re going to have to do better than that!” Rachel said as she readied her second attempt.

“Hey,” Emily said slowly kissing down Anna’s neck as her hands found one of Anna’s breasts. “Relax.” she whispered as she began fondling it.

“Not really in the mood right now.” Anna growled through clenched teeth as she felt the bullet shaped object pressing against her.

“Would you rather be touching my boobs?” Emily asked slowly taking off her shirt.

“You...don’t ...have...any....boobs.” Anna whimpered causing Rachel to snicker as Emily’s right eye twitched in annoyance.

“Then what will get you in the mood I wonder.” She asked after recovering from the blow and kissing Anna’s neck again.

“You can start by getting your mom’s fingers away from my ass!” Anna growled giving Emily an idea.

“I think you like it.” Emily whispered continuing her assault. “I think you like my mom playing with your ass.”

“Emily!” Rachel said. “Leave me out of this.”

“It’s not the first time she’s touched you there, is it? I remember how much you enjoyed it last time.” Emily said with a smirk as Anna blushed bright red. “You were twitching having the both of us looking at you at the same time. Remember that?”

“I-it wasn’t like that!” Anna protested feeling all the blood rush towards her face.

“It’s okay, Anna, I won’t think any less of you for liking it. Being sandwiched between mother and daughter is lots of people's fantasy. Shh.” Emily said putting a finger to silence Anna’s protests. “Close your eyes and think about it, here I am playing with your breasts while my mom plays with your ass. I’ll let you enjoy it this once, it’s okay.”

“I’m not enjoying it!” Anna protested.

“It’s working.” Rachel said as she began slowly pushing the bullet into Anna’s rectum with her finger.

“Oh really? Then why are your nipples so hard?” Emily whispered before gently sucking on one of her breasts.

“First one’s in!” Rachel said keeping her finger in place while she readied the second with her other hand. “You’re halfway done, Anna, you’re doing good. Emily, I’m not even going to ask what you’re doing over there, but keep it up .”

Anna grimaced feeling Rachel's finger slowly pulling out of her. “Don’t worry, she’s almost done.” Emily said with a more sympathetic smile. “I’ll hold you till it’s over. You don’t have any strength left to clench with.” Anna nodded her head and allowed her weak trembling body to fall into Emily’s arms. “Shh, I got you.”

“If you want to stay like that, can you roll onto your side and bring your right knee towards your chest? Yes, just like that. This one is for your nausea.” Rachel explained slowly pushing it in with much less difficulty. “Second one is in! You did it!” She said keeping her finger in place for a few more seconds to hold it in.

“Is it over?” Anna mumbled with her eyes shut tight resting her head against Emily’s chest.

“Yeah it’s over.” Emily whispered back giving her a reassuring squeeze with her arms.

“It’s quite the place you got here.” Rachel said tossing her gloves and unfolding the diaper. “On your back so I can get this on you, then you can go back to sleep.”

“It used to be a small resort for a couples retreat before it went under.” Anna explained rolling off Emily and scooting back towards the pillows once the fresh diaper was secured to her waist.

“Fancy.” Rachel said covering Anna with a sheet and tucking her in. “You’re severely dehydrated, so stay in bed and make sure to drink plenty of water.”

“I can still get up to go to the bathroom though, right?” Anna asked.

“I think it would be safer if you stay in bed the rest of the day. Isn’t that why you’re wearing diapers?”

“She wets the bed.” Emily said from her spot on the couch half asleep as Anna blushed.

“I don’t want to bother Em with this.” Anna mumbled mid yawn.

“Don’t worry about her,” Rachel said. “If you gotta go, just go. You’re sick; it’s okay. She of all people understands. Don’t force yourself to get up if you’re body’s not ready. You can try and get up in a few hours, but if you feel lightheaded or dizzy at all; I want your butt back in bed.”

“Ok…” Anna mumbled closing her eyes. “Thank you...mom.”

“She’s out of it.” Rachel said sitting on the couch next to Emily after closing the curtains around the bed to block out the light.

“Yeah,” Emily agreed. “It’s the anniversary and then she got the stomach flu on top of it.”

“Poor thing.” Rachel said with a frown. “I left some more suppositories on the nightstand in case she needs them. The blue package is for nausea and the white one’s for her fever. It’s still early in the day; so give her one of each before you go to bed.”

“Ok, thanks for coming by the way.”

“Too bad I’ve only gotten to meet her under these kinds of circumstances.”

“Yeah.”

“I’d go wash up if I were you; unless you want what she has.”

“Ugh, no! There’s a whole bath house downstairs with a ten people sized tub from it’s resort days.” Emily said stretching. “I think I’ll go soak for a bit.”

“Really?” Rachel asked while her eyes lit up. “C’mon then,” Rachel said getting up and dragging Emily along by the hand. “Let’s go take a bath!”

“W-wait! Both of us?” Emily asked uncertain while she got dragged along.

”I’m not passing up the chance to have a public bathhouse to ourselves. Consider it a surcharge for my services. You’ll be washing my back.”

“Don’t they have one at the pokemon center?” Emily asked leading Rachel into the changing area while she went on ahead to fill up the tub.

“Yeah, with a bunch of screaming girls. It’s hardly relaxing.” Rachel yelled back as she undressed and put her clothes in an empty locker. “You didn’t tell me until this morning you were in town! How long are you staying for?”

“Permanently.” Emily answered slipping back into the changing area as she sat on the thin wooden seat that stretched the length of the locker room. “Anna asked me to move in.”

“But what about the internship? ” Rachel asked with a disapproving frown. “You only have a year left. Weren’t you guys only dating for a few months?”

“I’m taking a full time research position at Silph Co. They liked my work with the berries and want to market it. I thought it was just Anna being nice, but the CEO wants me to make more in the lab once he saw my notes.”

“Emmy! That’s great! But couldn’t you just get your own apartment? Aren’t you two moving kind of fast?” Rachel asked.

“Umm, you can go in. I’ll just be a minute.” Emily mumbled waiting for Rachel to leave so she could get undressed alone. “Besides this place is huge; it’s not like we’re sharing an apartment.”

“I guess that’s true.” Rachel yelled from the tub while Emily quickly undressed and covered herself before entering. “Lose the towel.” Rachel said while she rolled her eyes and dunked her head undeath the water. “Ahh, this is so nice.”

“Here,” Emily said setting down a basket of different kinds of soaps and loofahs with one hand and covering herself with the other before gently lowering herself into the water.

“Ooh, bubbles!’”Rachel said inspecting the basket's contents. “Want to take a bubblebath, Emmy?” She said with a laugh while Emily agreed and closed her eyes. “Now I see why you want to move in.” Rachel said stretching out on the seats next to her. “I envy you.”

“It’s not the only reason, but it doesn’t hurt.” Emily agreed. “Once I get settled in I was thinking of asking her if Ash and them could move in also since there’s like twenty something bedrooms here. I’m sure they don’t want to live with my mom forever.”

“That would be nice, last I talked to him they said they’re dying to get out.” Rachel said with a laugh.

“I’m sure Anna wouldn’t mind if you moved in either; she likes you.” Emily said stealing the occasional glance at the markings on Rachel’s chest. She had never seen her naked before as far as she could recall.

“I would too, as long as she doesn’t have some kind of mother- daughter fetish now thanks to you.” Rachel teased before grabbing some shampoo. “Come over here, Emmy.” She said lathering it up in her hands as Emily scooted over. “So are you going to stare at my boobs this whole time or are you going to ask?” Rachel said as Emily turned dark red.

“I’m sorry, Rachel! I was just wondering what those were.” She mumbled as her biological mother began lathering shampoo into the girl’s hair. “Are those...teeth marks?”

“Yes, you were quite the biter when you were nursing.” Rachel said.

“I’m sorry! I didn’t- wait a minute; babies don’t have teeth!”

“11 year old babies do.” Rachel calmly replied.

“You were breastfeeding me when I was 11?!? Emily practically yelled. “What? How? Why? That’s weird…” She said cringing. “Who knew about this?”

“I didn’t really have a choice; you wouldn’t eat or nurse from a bottle for the first month.” Rachel explained. “Only the Dr. and I know. He gave me some hormone patches when we realized why you weren’t eating, so please don’t tell your mom. She still gets a little jealous about that first year.” She explained as they sat quietly for a bit. “You know we’ve never really talked about what happened.”

“Yeah, I know.” Emily mumbled as she let Rachel scrub her hair clean.

“Is there anything you want to know? We could talk about it if you want; I don’t have work until tomorrow morning.” Rachel suggested. “Go ahead and dunk your head in.”

“Anna said I’m not like Izzy anymore; am I like Emily?” she asked after coming back up from the water.

“Well, the two of you do have similarities, but you were twins after all.” Rachel replied after thinking about it “ I watched Emily grow up as a neighbor; not as her mom. I didn’t really get to know her until it was too late.”

“Why did Delia raise us? Did you not want to be our mom?” Emily asked.

“I wanted to be your mom very much so; I just couldn’t raise two baby girls by myself, or even one.”

“Who’s my dad?” Emily asked after a moment of silence causing Rachel to sigh.

“I don’t know.” Rachel admitted after a moment. “I don’t even know how I got pregnant. Well, I know how, but I don’t know when. I was walking back to the Pokemon Center here in Saffron one night and the next thing I knew; I woke up in the hospital the next morning. Dr. said I was drugged. Two months later I was in with morning sickness and they said I was pregnant.”

“Rachel, I’m so sorry. No wonder you tried to..”

“Emily, look at me. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me, besides your brother, Thomas. I don’t know what happened; I don’t want to know what happened. All I know is that I have the most wonderfulest, beautifulest and smartest daughter because of it. I’m only sorry I couldn’t be the mom I wanted to be back then and give you a normal life. Just know I love you, Emmy.” She said looking Emily dead in the eye with her hands gripping the girls shoulders.

“I love you too, Ra-...mom.” Emily said with misty eyes.

‘C’mere, you.” Rachel said throwing her arms around the nineteen year old and pulling her into a bear hug.

“Mom?” Emily asked looking up at her. “I don’t know who I am! If I’m not Izzy and I’m not Emily, who am I?

“You’re my Amy.” Rachel whispered. “You’re who you are supposed to be.”

*094*2015-08-12 01:03

The Final Chapter

The soon to be twenty four year old brunette stood anxiously outside awaiting her new housemates. Although Emily had tried to reassure her several times that her brother was “one of the good guys” the thought of letting a former team rocket member move into her home just seemed like a terrible idea. Anna let out a nervous sigh as she shifted from foot to foot while she waited for the moving van. Emily had asked her so nicely; how could she say no to those pretty green eyes? It also didn’t help that she had asked her in front of Olga. Anna was surprised at her at first expecting Olga to immediately call her into the other room for a “talk” but as soon as she heard Emily mention the eight month pregnant wife bit, her eyes lit up at the prospect of a baby around the house.

“Damn you.” Anna had muttered underneath her breath as Emily just sat back and smiled while taking a sip from her tea. Emily had known exactly what she was doing leaving Anna forced to cave in. One of the drawbacks to dating an evil genius she supposed.

A white van pulled up snapping Anna from her thoughts as it came to a stop at the end of the driveway. She stood awkwardly to the side as Emily raced to greet her older brother excitedly while Anna shyly examined her fingernails. She wasn’t really paying attention to the Machops that made their way to the back of the truck to begin unloading or to the other passenger that held her enormous pregnant belly and wiggled out. It wasn’t even until Emily spoke that Anna had even lifted her head.

“Anna, I’d like you to meet Ash.” she said standing in front of her as Anna gave a half wave to the man. Now that he was clean shaven she couldn’t help but notice he had a severe case of baby face and looked nothing like Emily. (Thankfully) He had apparently grew his hair out once again and wore baggy jeans and a T-shirt looking much more like the pictures Emily had shown her rather than the grungy Team Rocket member. His brown eyes sparkled looking up at the building in amazement.

“Is someone going to help me or what?” A woman’s voice called out gripping her sore back as she leaned against the moving van for support. It wasn’t until she had spoken that Anna had even looked to see who it was. Her jaw nearly dropped as she gazed upon the former gym leader and extremely pregnant red head.

“M-misty?!” Anna said is shock looking her up and down.

“Silph,” Misty said with a smirk as she nodded her head in acknowledgement. “So is there, like, anywhere I can sit down? My back is killing me.”

“Yeah, sorry! Here.” Anna said scrambling as she lead her inside to the living room guiding her to the leather couches and ottoman.

“You live here by yourself? This place is huge!” Misty said “oohing” and “aweing” at everything.

“Well, I used to sort of. Just me and a family friend. Then Emily and then Rachel, and now you guys. It’s been nice to have the company, this place used to feel so empty, but it’s starting to feel more and more like home.”

“We really want to thank you for letting us move in! I swear if I had to spend one more day with his mom!” Misty said as Anna laughed. After digging around in her purse (more like the size of a diaper bag) for a moment she produced a medium box and handed it over to Anna with a wink. “A present for the happy couple.”

Curious, Anna peaked inside after tearing open the sides and began glowing a bright red before quickly shutting the lid. “I, umm, we’re, umm, ahh.” She choked out in embarrassment while Misty laughed. “We’re, not...like...together together...we’re just...together.” Anna managed to say with a disappointed sigh after recovering from the contents inside the box.

“Meaning…?” Misty said motioning with her hand for more details as Anna turned red once again.

“Meaning, you know...we’re dating again, but not, ah...not…we each have our own room, so...”

“Oh, I see.” Misty said stretching out and putting her swollen ankles up on the ottoman to rest. “She’s still scared of getting too close.”

“I wish I could prove I’m not going to leave again.” Anna said sitting next to her.

“Maybe she needs to see that you two can have a future together. That it’s not just a fling or hookup like it was before, but that you’re serious.” Misty suggested. “Oh by the way, we want you to pick our daughters name.”

“Yeah, but how and, wait, WHAT?” Anna said turning to look towards her with bulging eyes. “I think your hormones are making you go crazy.”

“Ash and I have talked it over and as a thank you for rescuing us, we’d like you to pick out the name.” Misty repeated. “But don’t you dare pick anything dumb or I swear…”

“I don’t know, that’s an awful lot of pressure, I mean, can I at least think about it? I don’t have to pick right now, right?”

“You have a month, just pick something that goes with ‘Ketchum.’”

###

Two weeks had passed since Misty and Ash had moved in and everything had been...surprisingly nice. Anna had missed being around people when she came home from work and it was like they were a family. Ash hung around the house while Misty yelled at him to get a job. (Or at least give her a foot rub) Olga, Misty, Rachel and Emily planned out the nursery picking out various designs and patterns while Anna re-hired some of the staff. Daniel had projected the sales of Emily’s products to bring in quite a bit of money, and everyone agreed she really needed to do something about the landscaping. A couple calls later they now had a few gardeners, a chef, and a couple maids.

Misty’s words rang in Anna’s ears for the last week as she thought about them again and again. How could she show Emily that she was serious? 'A crazy thought had popped into her head and immediately she dismissed it. She couldn’t do THAT, right? That was way too extreme. She didn’t want to freak Emily out. There had to be other ways to show her she was committed to the idea of the two of them being together.

A sudden knock on her bedroom door brought her back as she sat up from her head as Emily popped her head in. “Hey.” Anna said motioning her in as the black haired girl entered and closed the door behind her.

“You’ve been up here for a while, I was just wondering what you were up to.” Emily said falling back onto the bed.

“Just thinking.” Anna said.

“Whatcha thinkin’ about?” Emily asked propping herself up on her elbows.

“The future I guess,” Anna said. “I still can’t believe they want me to name the baby.”

“How do you think I feel! They want me to be the godmother!” Emily said. “I don’t know the first thing about babies!”

“Aww, I think you’d make a good mom.” Anna said rolling over and pinning Emily down staring into her green eyes.

“You think so?” Emily asked looking up.

“Yeah” Anna whispered lightly kissing the girl underneath her trying to gauge Emily’s willingness to participate. Maybe tonight they could finally… Anna smiled lightly as she shouted “YES” in her mind as Emily’s lips followed hers. Their kisses started out slow and gentle, but grew more passionate by the second. Their tongues intertwined as Emily wrapped her arms around Anna’s back pulling her in closer until Anna was merely lying on top of her. Anna gently caressed one of the younger girls arms as they slowly broke apart to breathe.

“That was nice.” Anna said softly locking eyes with her partner as she gently brushed away Emily’s bangs with one hand while her other held Emily’s palm. Anna wanted to move her hand down and tease the girl. She wanted to make her wiggle and moan and cry out. But for now, this was enough. It was still an improvement and she could see the look of hesitation and fear in Emily’s eyes. Anna knew that look. She’d have to wait still, but she’d wait for as long as necessary. Emily meant the world to her; she was so much more than a hook-up in a hospital room. She smiled down at her, lightly kissed Emily one last time and rolled off. (albeit reluctantly)

“We don’t have to.” Anna said caressing her face with her palm as Emily turned to face her.

“Thank you.” Emily said holding Anna’s palm in place. “Can we just lay here together and cuddle?”

“Of course.” Anna said holding her close to her chest and breathing in her scent. It was probably the craziest, stupidest idea she’d ever had, but at that moment while she held her girlfriend close, she’d gladly give up anything and everything to make this last forever. “I love you.” Anna whispered giving her an affectionate squeeze. “Take all the time you need; I’ll still be here waiting whenever you’re ready.”

###

There was so much planning to do, Anna thought browsing through the display cases. She had told Emily that the backyard was completely off limits the night she had made up her mind to do this. Contractors had come from all over to put this project into motion. There was going to be a garden, a pool, a waterfall, lights, a pond ( At Misty’s insistence for her pokemon) and lots of grass for Namine and Roxas to run around. Most importantly though, it was where she was going to ask Emily to marry her. (It was legal now after all! Controversial, but legal)

This had to be a terrible idea, they had never really been dating that long. A few months here and a few months there. It had been up and down, but the times Emily had been in her life had been the best while that two year period without her in her life had been one of the worst. Sure, the Silph name might get a bit tarnished (again) and maybe there would even be a boycott (again) but hell! She could lose the mansion, the money, everything if it meant being together with her every night. Those nights together in that tiny little room in the pokemon center had been the best of her life.

Everything that the commission driven sales lady showed her just seemed so gaudy, showy and expensive. Anna doubted Emily would even like something this large. There had to be something more conservative something like...that! It was perfect! It was a simple gold band with a blue sapphire stone in the middle surrounded by tiny diamonds.

“That one.” Anna said confidently as the sales woman frowned and watched her commission going down the toilet.

“But a lady of your stature would surely be more interested in one of these perhaps?” She said pointing at more of the rings in the same price range as a house.

“No, that one.” Anna said as the woman reluctantly retrieved it. Anna smiled as she held the ring in between her fingers flipping it over and admiring it. It was beautiful, but not too flashy. “I’ll take it!” Anna exclaimed as she watched the now depressed sales woman wrap it in a box for her.

Now came the hard part. Did she ask Delia or did she ask Rachel?

###

Why in the world did Anna want her to run to the store at this hour, Emily thought walking along outside with arms ladled with grocery bags. She had even gone out of her way to make her a special birthday dinner, (It was the only thing she could really think of doing for the girl who already had everything) only to be interrupted and shoe’d out. She could always do THAT she supposed. Was Anna expecting her too? It was her birthday after all, but every time they had even come close Emily panicked and froze. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to, she really did, but she still feared being abandoned. It would only hurt more if they had that kind of relationship if something happened.

“She said she’d wait for me.” Emily muttered to herself. Would it be too selfish of her if she still couldn’t even tonight of all nights? Everytime she had asked Anna what she wanted for her birthday the girl just suspiciously smiled and replied that she only wanted to hear the word “yes”.

“She’s definitely expecting sex.” Emily mumbled slightly fidgeting at the thought. It had been so long since they had last done anything like that. The most intimate moment they’ve shared since getting back together was Emily shoving a suppository up her ass while Anna screamed over and over “I hate you!”

It definitely it didn’t help her nerves after getting nosey and peeking in the box Misty had given her in Anna’s room that she had left on her dresser. Was she expecting to use THAT? It was huge! (at least to her) Anna had used that Diglett vibrator on her that one time, but it hadn’t actually, what’s the phrase...popped her cherry. While the previous experience had been quite enjoyable, and then some, the thought of using THAT thing terrified her. It would definitely (physically speaking) take her virginity. Was she technically still a virgin? Did fingers really count? Wasn’t that just considered third base? Could the two of them ever really get passed third base?

With that thing they probably could. It had an two ends, and if each of them took an end and thrust back and forth...Wait what was she thinking about?! Now she was just getting herself all worked up and...hot.

Emily winced slightly at the odd feeling coming over her. Such a strange wave of heat had quickly emerged. It had been so long since she had felt this. Was she getting turned on? Emily shifted her legs in place as the feeling of warmth and wetness became more and more apparent. She’d have to hurry home now and initiate if she wanted to do this. Anna had been patient long enough she decided. It was her birthday, and after everything she had given Emily and her family, she deserved to have this one special night.

“I’m back!” Emily yelled entering the house expecting to see everyone there. Wait, where was everyone? It was already 6:30 pm and she had told everyone that they’d be celebrating Anna’s birthday tonight. Instead it was dark and it felt empty. “Hello?” Emily called out.

“I’m back here!” Anna yelled opening up the patio door and coming back inside.

“Where is everyone? We were supposed to all be having dinner” Emily asked “And why is it so dark?”

“I asked them to leave.” Anna said. “It’s just us tonight.”

“Oh,” Emily said as her heart began thumping wildly in her chest. This was definitely unexpected. Unexpected, but not unwanted. “So...then...what’s the...plan?”

“I want to show you what I’ve been working on. It’s finally finished.” Anna said with a grin taking the girl by the hand and leading her to the backyard.

Emily’s mouth nearly dropped as she took in the scenery. The once dead and overgrown backyard had been transformed into a beautiful oasis. White lights were strung up everywhere, candles had been set and lit on the pavement that surrounded the pool which had been scrubbed clean and refilled with fresh water. A waterfall had been built over the pool as it splashed into the water below. Different colored roses and flowers had been planted all around the now enormous garden where a hammock was tied up between two palm trees.

“Amazing! They were able to build all this in two weeks?” Emily asked stunned.

“Amazing how helpful people can be when they know you’re a millionaire.” Anna said with a smile. “Do you like it?”

“I love it! It’s so pretty!” Emily exclaimed taking it all in.

“Would you...like to swim for a bit?” Anna asked quietly. “I was thinking we could swim for a little while before dinner and then swing in the hammock and look at the stars.”

“I’d love too, but I don’t have a swimsuit, if I knew you were going to do this I would have bought one and…”

“There’s a reason we’re alone.” Anna whispered gently kissing her and wrapping her arms around her. “Are you interested?”

So it was that kind of swim Emily thought with a blush as her body began to heat up in anticipation. Sex was definitely what Anna had wanted tonight and this must have been the question she wanted a “yes” too. But skinny dipping? Really? Sure they had seen each other naked before, but never this...out in the open. It was always in the privacy of their room or something. What if someone came home early? What if something happened? It was so embarrassing and yet exciting. Looking around at everything, Anna sure had put a lot of work and thought into tonight. It was pretty romantic what with the lights and candles.

“O-ok.” Emily agreed with a deep blush.

Anna smiled widely at her answer. She hadn’t really expected Emily would agree to this, and this hadn’t even been part of her original plan until the girl admitted she didn’t have a bathing suit. Did this mean she was ready? She’d take it slow in case she changed her mind. “Arms up.” Anna whispered as Emily hesitantly obeyed with a blush as Anna slowly removed the younger girls shirt. Still couldn’t fit into a bra, Anna thought with a chuckle. Soon the two stood side by side completely naked as they shivered slightly in the chilly night air.

“On three! One! Two!” Anna yelled as the two ran towards the water. “Three!” They both giggled and splashed together when they resurfaced.

“The water’s pretty warm.” Emily said a bit surprised. She had expected to be jumping into a bucket of ice, but was instead pleasantly reminded of a warm bath, almost like a much larger version of the bathhouse.

“It’s nice.” Anna agreed floating on her back completely uncaring of her state of undress. Emily was a bit more reluctant but after a while found herself more and more at ease. It wasn’t awkward or uncomfortable at all to be like this with her, she thought swimming back and forth in water.

Emily swam to the edge of the pool and looked up at the hammock tied in between the two palm trees. ‘Uh-oh” she thought with a smile seeing the bottle wine and cups at the base. This time she’d have to be more careful, but at least the situation wasn’t tense like it was last time. She saw something funny at the base of one of the trees, it almost looked like duct tape, but she shrugged thinking nothing of it and swam back towards the middle of the pool. It was then that she noticed Anna was missing until she saw an arm beckon her from behind the waterfall. Emily gulped swallowing her nerves. This is it, she thought. At least IT wasn’t out here.

Anna smiled as Emily ducked behind the waterfall to join her as she pulled herself up to sit on the rocky ledge and lean against the wall. Her eyes widened in surprise as Emily pulled herself up and sat in her lap sideways facing her. Also surprising that Emily was the one to initiate the first of many deep and passionate kisses between the two of them that left each wanting more as they fidgeted and rocked in place. Emily’s hand eventually moved down from behind Anna’s head as it slowly teased and inched it’s way towards Anna’s chest as she let out a soft moan in approval. Please, please don’t stop halfway through tonight, Anna mentally begged as every kiss and touch lit her up more and more. She was terrified to pull away and see that look again in Emily’s eyes that secretly asked to stop, but she couldn’t enjoy it fully until she knew for sure.

Emily was panting softly in exhaustion while Anna pulled away for a moment and locked eyes seemingly searching for something. She knew something in her eyes always betrayed her every time they had tried to be intimate. Even though she had always said it was ok, or even when she herself had taken the initiative a bit, there was a look in them that gave away her true feeling to Anna that she wasn’t ready. Would tonight prove the same she wondered? No, she really did want this for real this time.

“Do you want to stop?” Anna had asked once again.

“No, please don’t stop!” Emily answered.

Anna smiled widely as she looked her girlfriend in the face. Tonight there was no hesitation and her eyes seemed to hold a spark to them almost begging for more. She had never seen this look before and Anna was only too happy to oblige as they continued where they left off now with a clear conscious and no reason to hold back anymore. Anna’s hands worked their way up and down her partner's body feeling every inch of her while they continued to passionately make out.

This time Anna’s hand didn’t stop at the bottom of her stomach or diverge down her thigh as it reached the outside of Emily’s lips slowly teasing. Her fingers made contact with her clit as she gently traced circles as Emily moaned and rocked in her lap.

“S-stop.” Emily said suddenly as Anna’s heart sunk into the pit of her stomach. Was this as far as she could go tonight? Had she accidently crossed a line she shouldn’t have? Everything was going so well though! “I-t’s not like that!” Emily said quickly at seeing the look of utter disappointment on Anna’s face. “I have to pee.” She mumbled as Anna breathed a sigh of relief.

“Not in the pool you’re not.” Anna said with a mischievous smile. She’d pay for scaring her she thought motioning the girl off her lap as the two stood up.

“So is there a bathroom back here?” Emily asked shifting from foot to foot.

“Yeah” Anna said taking her by the hand and leading her towards a small building but stopping in front of a flower patch. “Here you are.”

“Thanks.” Emily said paying no attention at the stop until she tried the door only to find it locked. “Umm…”

“Oh, sorry I forgot, It’s not finished getting built yet.” Anna said with a sly smile.

“Then where…” Emily began to ask following Anna’s eyes as her face began to glow bright red. “No way!”

“But the bathrooms all the way back in the house.” Anna said faking a pout and dragging Emily back into the grass by the flowers before coming up from behind and wrapping her arms around her stomach and chest to lock her in place. “Or we can just continue where we left off right now while you let it out where you stand.” Anna whispered lowering one of her hands in between the girls fidgeting legs as she began to move a finger inside of her slowly pushing in and out as Emily’s legs began to wobble as she moaned.

“That’s it just relax and enjoy it.” Anna whispered. “I’ll make you cum while you pee.”

Emily bent forward slightly at the waist as she spread her legs to give Anna more room to work with. It felt so good! What exactly was she so afraid of? Her body tensed and clamped down tightly onto Anna’s finger as it worked it’s way in and out of her.

“More…” Emily begged leaning her body back into Anna’s for support as an extra finger joined the fray upon request. Anna pulled her fingers out and instead began rubbing Emily's clit with the palm of her hand as Emily danced in place.

“Go on, I know you want to.” Anna said. “Won’t it feel good to finally pee? Then we can lay in the hammock together where I’ll finish the job.”

Emily moaned but stopped squirming and relaxed as Anna moved her hand away and wrapped her arms around the girl enjoying the show. At first only a little bit came out as it leaked down Emily’s leg as she adjusted her position better. Suddenly Anna pulled her back as she lifted her up underneath her knees and spread her legs open. Emily had no idea Anna was so strong and it caught her completely off guard so much that she had lost all hold on her full bladder and peed in a full arc into the flower bed while Anna held her up.

“That sure looks like it feels good.” Anna teased while watching over Emily’s shoulder as her pee made a loud pattering sound as it landed into the various plants before finally dying off into nothing more than a few drops.

While completely embarrassing, Emily couldn’t deny it had indeed felt amazing and oddly satisfying watching such a perfect arc as if she was a boy. “Bet you can’t do that.” Emily challenged for the fun of it once Anna had set her down.

“You want to bet?” Anna asked with a grin glad to see she wasn’t in trouble.

“Yeah, prove me wrong right now.” Emily said with her arms crossed. “If you can make an arc like that I’ll-” She whispered the last part in Anna’s ear as she raised her eyebrows in interest. “But if you can’t you have to do that to me.” Emily said confidently. She had never been on the receiving end of oral sex without reciprocating at the same time and was also eager to watch Anna fail spectacularly at her challenge.

“Fine.” Anna said with a smirk as she spread her legs, bent slightly at the knees and using two fingers in a V formation pulled up and pushed creating a nearly perfect golden arch most of which splattered loudly into the already wet plants. When she was done she turned to find Emily standing in awe her mouth slightly ajar. “Happy birthday to me.” Anna said with a smirk.

###

The two laid together in the hammock in post coital bliss gently rocking in the gentle breeze as Anna held Emily close as she tried to find the right words to say. Tonight had been perfect, more than Anna had ever expected (where had Emily learned to do THAT?) but there was still that major question she had yet to bring up. With the box taped securely to the base of the tree all Anna had to do was reach over and grab it. But how to start that conversation.

“So did you get what you wanted for your birthday?” Emily asked resting her head against Anna’s chest and loving every minute of the after sex cuddling as Anna gently ran her fingers through her hair.

“I’m having a great birthday and I haven’t even asked you what I wanted to ask you.” Anna said finding a way to drop the hint.

“Huh?” Emily asked opening her eyes. “Sex wasn’t the question?”

Anna furrowed her eyebrows. “Of course not, don’t get me wrong, it was great, but it wasn’t what I was going to ask you. I wasn’t going to pressure you into doing it because it was my birthday.”

“Oh…” Emily said...Oops.

“Well, what I wanted to ask you about was...well… if you wanted to become a Silph again?”

“You...want me to be Izzy?” Emily frowned.

“No, no, Izzy is gone. I want you to be Emily. Emily Silph.” Anna said quietly.

“You...want me to change my last name to Silph?” Emily asked confused. This girl was supposed to be a genius? Anna thought with a sigh as she reached down and removed the box.

“Yes, but not quite like that.” Anna said holding the box. “The question I wanted you to answer ‘yes’ to was ‘Will you marry me?’”

“What?” Emily asked stunned. This was a joke right? She wasn’t seriously pro-pro---posing? She looked up confused as she was met with a small box.

“I want to marry you.” Anna said as Emily stared wide eyed at her. “I want spend the rest of my life with you. I’ve lost you twice and both times I’ve never felt so much pain. The second time was my fault, but I never want to lose you again. I don’t want you to work for me; I want us to be partners and run Silph Co together. Half of all this should have been yours to begin with, but it’s not about Silph Co, or the money or any of it. I’d give it all away if you said yes. I love you, Amy- Isabella-Emily-Oak-Silph-Ketchum. Please marry me.”

Tears ran down Emily’s face but Anna couldn’t tell what kind of tears they were. Was this all a big mistake like she originally thought. Was she putting too much pressure on her? She watched as Emily took the box and opened it examining the ring. Anna’s heart jumped for joy and raced as she saw her try and slip it on before Anna stopped her.

“Is that a yes?” Anna asked holding her hand.

“If we’re going to get married, we really need to shorten my name.” She said as they both giggled as Anna slipped the ring on Emily’s finger and held her close.

###

Epilogue

On Emily’s 20th birthday the following year, both Amy Oak and Anna Oak were legally married and moved into the master suite. Emily had decided to legally change her name back to the name Rachel had given her on the day she was born so she would no longer feel any confusion as to who she was, but still went by Emmy with family. She wanted to be her own self, no longer being stuck between “Izzy” and “Emily” As Rachel had put it, she was never those people to begin with.

Instead of pulling the now Amy into the life of being a “Silph” Rachel, Delia, Anna, and Amy thought it best if Anna was the one to change her last name. After all she too despised it, and now she could go anywhere without fear of her father’s legacy. It was their way of saying “welcome to the family” and Anna couldn’t be happier.

Even Delia moved to Saffron City after suddenly having enough money to open a very large restaurant that was very successful in the large business town. It was also the first time she was able to visit Emily’s grave and apologize.

Just as projected, Amy’s products revolutionized the way pokemon, and pokemon related injuries, were healed. Rachel (Now Nurse Joy of Saffron City) was the first to beta test the products and proudly never left out the fact that her daughter was the one who created them.

Ash and Misty had their hands full with little “Isabella (in memory of Izzy) Oak (In honor of the woman who delivered the babies despite her circumstances) Ketchum whom Anna and Amy spoiled rotten.

Even Namine was able to find happiness and had many many more children after a certain Ditto by the name of “ Xerox” came to live with them after a large donation to the Daycare Center in Cerulean City. Even Namine had to agree it’s pretty hard to be prejudiced against something when you yourself have that same ability.

Amy was finally able to figure out who she was and what she was good at, Anna had the family she always wanted and with the birth of “Izzy” was able to fully let go of the pain from her past, Rachel was able to finish school and become “Nurse Joy” while getting to be the mother she had always wanted to be to both her daughter and new daughter-in-law. All was well in the mansion that housed the three- in-one family.

The End

*096*2015-08-12 02:34

{{:

Wow... The end warmed my heart beyond belief. :) From start to finish, I've loved this story, and I can't thank you enough for writing it. It's been an amazing story, and I don't think I'll ever forget all of the characters. Especially Amy and Anna. :) I really can't think of a way to describe what this story has meant to me. It's amazing how emotionally involved I became with the story and characters. I'm sad to see it end, but honestly, I'm really happy that it ended the way that it did. :) Thank you so much for writing this story, and sharing it with all of us. :)

}}

....What do I do with my life now....

Thank you for always commenting on my story ^_^ I've enjoy getting to read them. This was my very first fan fiction, it started as a random one shot and 42 chapters later... hehe

*097*2015-08-12 02:42

{{:

Anna proposing was a far more pleasant and unexpected twist than the whole "twins separated at birth, switched at death" twist from earlier. Then again, while yuri and yaoi fanfics desensitized me to the concept of homosexuality before I even learned that some people had issues with same-sex couples, I don't think I've ever seen a romance story that actually ended in a same-sex marriage. Anyways, now that both the main story and the backstory are complete, I have to say that this is officially my favorite novel in the romance genre and congratulations on completing your first novel.

}}

Thank you :) I had planned on ending this way since the same sex law got passed so it was sort of a nod towards that. This isn't actually my first novel which is kind of funny and a bit strange because the other one I have written is Christian fiction involving omorashi (I wrote it before I knew this kind of thing was actually a sexual thing or that it was even a thing) One is christian, the other is same sex marriage. haha

*099*2015-08-12 14:43

{{:

Christian Fiction with omorashi? You have me intrigued.

}}

Lol yeah. It's about a girl who is having visions of her best friends death in her sleep because of her friends belief in God. Whenever she has one of those dreams she wets the bed, and one time she falls asleep during detention and wets her pants.

