The slave market – part 2

Author: i like wet bikinis

*000*2018-09-15 17:36

[Part 1 – the introduction – is here: [link

] or, if you prefer, there is a much shorter summary here: [link &&]].

@@We strolled to the first cage. The six girls in it watched us warily, also watching their guards. No doubt they had been instructed how to behave, and the consequences for them of disobedience. This was the prime slave market in the civilised world. No merchant would put a slave into this auction unless she was obedient. There was a simple wooden bench at the back, but all were standing. Each was naked. Some accepted that, and stood proud and confident, but many found it shameful to be nude in public. Some tried to cover their privates or breasts with their hands. A slave’s brand on her wrist identified each woman to a board with the same mark against her name and a few words that described her. They were in fine condition, fit and healthy, with oiled skin and cut and combed hair. Even their pubic hair was shaved neatly. They were all slim, fit, healthy, pretty girls. This was the prime market for slaves in all the civilised world. Slave traders reserved their best stock for this exhibition. These beauties would be bought by rich patrons, to work in their households. Some would go into the patrons’ harems. Simon’s pride in his merchandise was justified. All the girls on display were beautiful.

A eunuch ordered them to face the front as we strolled around the cage to inspect their rears. Luke nudged me and pointed to a large damp patch on the floorboards in the cage. We both knew what it meant. One of the girls had pissed on the floor. There were splash marks which showed where her feet had been. We guessed it was the petite brunette named Zena. She was covering her face with her hands and was the only one not fidgeting. And, yes, there were drops of pee sprinkled on the inside of her ankles still.

The cages were purely for displaying the nubiles. They would have to spend the whole day in there, on display. Merchants’ slaves – older women – would keep an eye on them, and keep them fed and well-watered. But there were no facilities in there. When they had to go, each of the girls would have to pee on the floor, in public, throughout the day. Some might shit on the floor too, if they had to, but they knew they would be punished for that. It would be seen as a sign of weakness. For Luke and I, it was all part of the fun, spotting the desperate ones and then watching them relieve themselves in front of us. We knew that their owners would make sure they had plenty to drink before they were put on display and most of the girls would pee in their cages in the next couple of hours. Potential buyers expected the girls to piss publicly while they were on display. Slaves had no right to expect privacy.

Sure enough, we soon heard the unmistakeable sound, from across the hall, of liquid squirting on a hard surface. We turned to look. Two cages away, sideways on to us, a slim, tanned, dark-haired woman in her late teens was pissing on the wooden floor, squatting, feet apart but thighs together, leaning forward with her arms resting on her knees.. She was squirting a vigorous stream forward into her own puddle. We walked over and watched her finish and stand up. Her face blushed red with embarrassment. She could not make eye contact with us, or anyone else. On top of all the previous humiliations of slavery, she had now urinated in public, naked and watched by strangers. My hot cock was throbbing, and it took all my self-control to keep my hands away from it.

We looked over the other five in that cage. Often the sight and sound of a caged slave-girl peeing will push another over the edge. It was possible that one of the others might also have to piss. But it was not to be. The others glared at us as if to insist that their will power was stronger. Rosie – the name given to the girl who had pissed while we watched – stood with head bowed. Luke commented that we would probably see her make a second puddle that morning. That often happened with the early pissers. Once they had broken the seal, they would soon need to go again. The slavers would make sure they kept drinking plenty throughout the day. We agreed to split up and stroll around on our own. It was going to take us a little time to appraise 72 girls and we hoped to see most of them wetting the floor.

To be continued?

*003*2018-09-16 11:46

The slave market – part 3

@@Luke was back very quickly. He beckoned me to follow him. Sure enough, he’d found a girl who looked desperate for relief. She was tall and slim, with honey-blonde hair flowing down her back. She was a peasant girl, and given the name Dana. She was gently jogging on the spot, then stopped and squeezed her legs together, crossing and uncrossing them. Then she bounced on the spot again. Meanwhile, she kept touching herself from behind, as well as squeezing her crotch. Luke and I watched from behind as Dana squeezed her thighs together again, then bent at the knees, straightened up, and lost control. A thin river of pee ran down the back of her legs and made a small, growing puddle around both her heels. She leaned forward, parted her knees and exposed the lips of her vulva. Her piss, no longer obstructed, squirted forcefully from her and thundered on the boards. She was splattering the back of her heels and so moved her feet further apart and leaned further forward to point the stream further away. She didn’t seem able to regain control, but pissed as hard as she might if she were in private, squirting a strong, thin stream that arced away behind her. The pace quickened slightly, and then the stream spiralled for a few instants, then broadened to a spray. The stream weakened and then she was able to cut it off. She must have done so too soon, as the drips suddenly again became a silvery stream for a few seconds. Now she had finished and stepped forward of her puddle.

The slave market – part 4

The other girls in that cage, and those near, turned to see what the noise was. Poppy, a petite red-head in the same cage began peeing gently down her legs. She kept her thighs pressed together, perhaps hoping we wouldn’t notice that she was weeing. A dark puddle formed around her feet as the streams snaked down her legs. Then she completely lost control and we heard a hissing noise as she urinated forcefully into the gap between her thighs. Now she was making her own waterfall which splashed and splattered into the puddle at her feet. Her face glowed red with humiliation and she lowered her head and started to sob gently as the stream died away. Dana and another girl came over to her to comfort her as she stood dripping into a puddle of her own making.

To be continued?

*006*2018-09-17 19:12

{{On 9/15/2018 at 7:13 PM, Sake said:

It's generally considered good form to post updates to a story in the same thread as the first part of the story.

}}

Point taken. I will continue the rest of the story here, if there is enough interest.

It's a bit discouraging when someone makes a technical comment like this without saying anything helpful about the actual content.

{{On 9/15/2018 at 7:14 PM, The Shark said:

I actually highly enjoyed this. You set up a back story, then followed it up with a good taste of story and omorashi. I love the concept! Looking forward to what else this story has in store.

}}

Thank you.

That's encouraging.

{{16 hours ago, The Shark said:

I agree! This is great! I think maybe part 3 and 4 could have been just combined but I love the concept! Maybe some girls having accidents on stage while being auctioned off? Or while in line waiting their turn to be auctioned.

}}

Thank you.

Yes, I think I will enjoy writing the actual auction scene. Meanwhile the girls have a long day ahead of them, with literally nowhere to go...

*007*2018-09-17 19:19

The slave market – parts 5 & 6

I walked away, then stopped to beckon Luke over. In another cage a blonde girl had just dropped to squat in a corner. As we walked towards her we saw a jet of pee spraying off the floor between her toes. She had opened her legs and had her head down, staring at her own privates while she pissed.

One of her companions – also blonde, but shorter and with larger breasts – came over to her. She squatted next to her and began to pee too. They chatted to each other while they did their business and took little notice of Luke and I watching them until they had finished.

They were a bold, bright pair. The first asked if we were enjoying the show and introduced herself as Holly and her friend as Lily. She asked if we liked what we saw, and then threw a few poses for us, to show off her fit body.

We chatted for a bit and learned a bit of their stories. I began to wonder if I might spare part of my allowance to bid for them. We moved off, with a smile and a wave (and black looks directed to Holly and Lily from the other girls in their cage). I could foresee their owner getting a good price for them.

In one of the end cages Hannah, a small slave girl was trying to argue with a eunuch. She desperately needed to wee. She had her hand jammed into her crotch and was squirming. She wanted to go to a toilet and the eunuch was telling her she could not leave the cage. She was pleading with him, that she was bursting and about to wet herself. He told her again that she could not leave the cage. She could piss on the floor, or she could wait until all the girls went back to their cells at the end of the day. Close to tears, crossing and uncrossing her legs, she explained that she couldn’t wait and really had to go. The eunuch gestured to the floor.

Behind Hannah a blonde girl, Zena, had her hand between her thighs and was bouncing up and down. Zena had listened to the argument and had now made up her mind. She wasn’t going to wait until she wet herself. If she was going to have to pee in public, she would just have to get used to it.

She crouched down and leaned forward so she was balancing her weight on her hands. Pee squirted from behind her, splashing out as it hit the floor. A stream ran from her puddle, over the edge of the floor of the cage. Even before Zena had finished, Hannah started to leak. A thin line of drips fell to the floor from her fingers. The drips became a gentle stream, then an uncontrollable gush.

Now Hannah too was pissing on the floor, and she lowered herself to a squatting position. She had completely lost control. Although her mind tried to make the flow stop she could feel her muscles rebelling and contracting to force her fluids out. For the first time in her life she was going to the toilet in public. In front of strangers. Men. And they were all watching her humiliate herself. Head in hands she started to sob, as she continued to pour the sparkling pee from her private place between her legs.

*011*2018-09-18 19:19

{{On 9/17/2018 at 8:23 PM, wedgeantilles said:

I like the story a lot!

}}

Thank you!

{{18 hours ago, The Shark said:

Every iteration gets better! I love it. Never thought about the fact that some girls would just be okay pissing wherever. Its pretty hot! Cant wait for what else you have in store for us.

}}

Thank you for your enthusiasm. A few words of support do encourage me to post more. And, yes, I have seen some girls who seem to enjoy the opportunity for a little exhibitionism when having to pee out of doors.

{{17 hours ago, EmmieChu said:

I'm glad I found this! Keep up the good work!

}}

Thank you. I'm pleased to see a female reader enjoying it.

*012*2018-09-18 19:28

The slave market – part 7 & 8

The room was now getting busier. The general public were being allowed admission. Mind you, only those rich enough to be able to bid for slaves tomorrow. The slavers were wise enough to refuse admission to the hoi polloi. The merchants’ attendants put rope barriers around the cages to give a few feet of space between the girls and the viewers. Luke and I simply stepped inside the ropes. We knew we wouldn’t be challenged.

Many of the cages now had wet patches on their floors as, one by one, girls around the room lost control of their bodily functions, or simply decided they would rather pee than continue in discomfort, despite the audience. The merchants’ attendants were now coming around all the time with trays of drinks and snacks for the girls to sustain themselves. Others carried bags of sawdust to sprinkle on the fresh pools of urine.

When I looked under any of the cages I could see the released liquids dripping through the boards. The girls were each having to decide; pee now, and just accept that people would be watching them do it, or try to hold on, and hope they could last until the room was less crowded. But they could see that there were now more eyes on them already. They would have no privacy for many hours.

We watched Gail, another very shy girl, as she struggled with herself. She stood in the corner, with her back to her companions, fidgeting, lost in her battle with her own body.

She kept crossing and re-crossing her legs, with one hand, sometimes the other, and sometimes both pressed in between her thighs. She kept pulling her hand up into her groin. I don’t think she was very much aware of us and the others watching her pee-dance. Her bladder was obviously on the point of emptying itself, and she was horrified of the thought of having to go to the toilet with no privacy. She bent her knees again, put one hand behind her, the other in front, and straightened up, pulling up with both hands, front and back.

She stood motionless for a moment, but had now gone beyond voluntary restraint. Against her will, she started to pee through her fingers. A light rain of her hot water sprinkled the dry boards between her feet. Shocked by her sudden leakage, she jerked her hands away. Her reflexes took control of her body. A torrent of clear liquid gushed from her and sprayed across the floor. She was unable to stop herself pushing her piss out, squirting it forcefully on the ground.

She slowly leaned forward and bent her knees to lower herself to a crouch, continuing to urinate onto the ground. Unable to hide anything else she buried her face in her hands, mortified at the experience and still wetting the ground below her.

Behind her a willowy girl with long, black hair and striking green eyes shuffled forward to sit at the edge of the bench, her bare behind only just supported by it. She leaned forward and rested her elbows on her closed thighs.

Feet forward and apart, she looked furtively left and right before relaxing her grip on her swollen bladder to let her pee start draining from her. The flickering light caught by her falling stream flashed below her legs and captured my attention, as did the splattering sound of liquid falling on to a hard surface. Emily saw me looking and realised that I knew I was watching her peeing. She gave me a goofy grin, as if to apologise, but of course she was now past the point of control and would just have to keep letting her piss flow.

I kept watching, of course, at the dancing stream falling from her, and the growing, shining puddle at the base of the bench. Two other girls in her cage decided to copy her technique and so they sat either side of her. I walked behind them to get the best view of the three of them peeing together. I bent down and looked under the bench to see the three naked lips and the three streams of pee running from them.

*015*2018-09-19 18:37

.

*016*2018-09-19 18:43

{{14 hours ago, The Shark said:

Honestly this is great. I enjoy the multiple prospective's your showing off. Personally I love mass wettings so for me this is great. Cannot wait for the next installation!

}}

Thank you. I'm trying not to repeat myself too much, so I'm glad you're enjoying it.

{{9 hours ago, OmoLem said:

Wow, this is really good! I'm suprised none of them have tried to pee standing yet or show off or anything, though. The huyers are clearly interested in watching them.

}}

Read on!

*017*2018-09-19 18:50

The slave market – parts 9 & 10

By now at least one or two girls in each cage had pissed on the ground. Most had been betrayed by their own bodies and had found themselves peeing despite trying to hold it in. However there were a few whose life experience had equipped them to cope with an immodest display of their naked body in public. Some of them also now accepted that they would have an interested audience when they needed to release their piss and were calm about it. Those who had tried to contain their fluids were still finding no easy opportunity for relief.

The hall was busier now. More people were looking them over, all the time. They might have had only one or two watching them pee if they had decided to go an hour ago, but now there would be many more, and they all knew that they could not hold on much longer. They could choose to piss in public soon, or the choice would be taken from them when they lost control of their aching muscles.

Just looking round the room, every cage now contained girls who had either pissed on the floor, or were clearly bursting for a pee. Most were jiggling about, squeezing their legs together, and many were grabbing their privates with their hands.

One viewer had grumbled that he couldn’t assess Annie properly, a petite little woman with curly brown hair, blue eyes and pert, small breasts. Her hand was always over her groin and she wouldn’t stand still.

Poor Annie was tied to the bars of the cage by her wrists and ankles so she had to stand with legs apart and her arms away from her body. She still wriggled in her full discomfort, of course, and tried to squeeze her thighs together to hold in her pee. She failed after only a few minutes and pissed where she stood, a fountain of pee arcing into a foamy puddle in front of her, eyes closed and her face showing both shame and relief.

There were so many girls peeing now that most of the time there would be at least one cage with a woman peeing in it, or squatting, dripping over a warm, fresh puddle. Most who chose to pee would squat to pee, usually backing themselves into a corner. Some would start immediately but a few found it difficult to start and would have to crouch for a while before they could open their tap and make their puddle. Those who couldn’t hold any longer would often start pissing where they stood, but then lower themselves to a hovering position or a squat as they realised they were unable to stop their pee flowing.

There was a slim, leggy blonde girl, with curly hair, pale skin and blue eyes. She’d been given the name Angel. I watched her jiggling for a short while, with her hand jammed into her crotch. She decided the time had come; if she waited much longer she’d end up with her urine running down her legs.

She went to the back corner of the cage, turned her back to the bars, bent her knees slightly, leaned forward and let go. A straight line of piss squirted vertically down to make a pool below her bum. She rested her arms on her knees and had her head down looking right behind her so her bum and her head were at the same height. I was at her side at first but moved behind her so I could look closely at her pretty cunt (she was a natural blonde) and the source of her pee. Inside my toga my cock was like a hot rod of iron.

*019*2018-09-20 21:28

{{20 hours ago, The Shark said:

Wonderful yet again! Honestly you're not getting repetitious at all. With every iteration I find it interesting. I like the image that this now has just turned into a mass wetting almost. It's pretty hot! Nice work!

}}

It had to turn into a mass desperation and peeing. There are 72 girls naked and on public display all day. I had to make sure they get plenty to drink, but the owners' self interest will take care of that. They want the girls to stay healthy. So if they are drinking, the girls will each have to pee, perhaps three or four times in the course of the day.

I thought it logical that they should be naked. Buyers would expect to see what they are paying for.

I've not quite worked out why the owners want them to pee in public. I think it might be simply because it is easier for the owners if they don't need to organise privacy. But it does seem that buyers expect to see the girls peeing.

This will go on a bit longer yet. I've posted about half of what I've written, and what I've written has not yet got to the end...

The slave market – parts 11 & 12

In one cage the girls made a pact. One crouched in the centre while the other five stood around her in a ring and tried to shield her. It worked for the first, but then as she and the second swapped positions one of the women in the ring lost control, started to spray and had to crouch down to puddle even before the girl in the ring had done so. That was too much for the other three to bear, and they too squatted so there were four women in that cage, all naked and urinating at the same time.

Emily wasn’t the only girl to pee sitting on a bench. In another cage I saw two women sitting side by side talking. The brands on their wrists identified the brunette as Jo and Olga as the red-head. They shuffled back on the bench, leaning forward as they did so, to stick their bums out past the edge of the bench.

Jo began peeing before Olga, pouring a gentle but rushing stream that quickly made a fast-growing pool under her. Olga’s stream was fiercer, splashing and thundering on the boards. Minor streams ran down from the cheeks of their buttocks. They kept chatting – perhaps hoping that fewer would notice they were weeing – and stayed there to let the drips fall once they had finished. They then slid forward again.

I had noticed Melissa earlier that day (while watching another girl in her cage part her legs and casually piss a gusher where she stood, like emptying a jug of water). Even here, Melissa was very striking, with her tanned skin, curly dark hair, big brown eyes, and large yet firm breasts that were unexpected on such a petite, slim-waisted body.

Melissa was now kneeling, with her legs flat on the floor, and her feet pushed outwards, so she was not sitting on them. She had an excellent posture, and kneeling like that really showed the curves of her tits and bum. She glanced down – her thighs were closed – put her hands on her lap, and raised her head again.

Then I heard the gentle hissing sound a woman makes as she pisses hard and realised she was starting to make a puddle of pee right under her; she was kneeling in her fresh pool of warm wee. As I watched, I saw the dark puddle glistening and growing either side of her, and a small trickle start to run across the boards. It grew and grew as she continued pissing until, by the time she had finished, she was kneeling in the middle of her own little pond. She then stood up, dripping.

*020*2018-09-21 23:35

The slave market – parts 13 & 14

Carla was sitting on the bench, pressing her thighs together. She really, really needed to pee. She was sitting on her hand, and was pressing her fingers into her vulva. Bouncing her legs seemed to help.

When it unexpectedly happened, she was shocked at how suddenly she lost control. There was no leaking, no dribbling to warn her that she hadn’t much time left, just a sudden urge to pee – like those she had been feeling for some time – but this one was irresistible and she had just had to piss.

She was now sitting in a warm puddle, feeling the buzzing sensation of pissing into it with full force, and hearing the splattering as it poured off the front of the bench between her thighs. She also felt the warm trickles running down her thighs. There was nothing else to do, but keep peeing until she was empty.

I had been watching Sian for a little while. She had got so desperate that I was sure I would see her pee at any moment now. She was clutching herself and jogging on the spot. As she did so, her boobies would bounce too. A very pleasant sight. She was looking all around now, probably hoping that nobody was looking at her. Fat chance.

A couple of times she squatted, and then stood up again. She must have been really close to starting to pee, but somehow she managed to hold on. She crouched down again, and this time she sat on the floor. She drew her knees in to her breasts so her feet were flat on the floor. Her feet were apart, but her thighs together. If I went to stand in front of her, I could probably stare right at her pussy, but why bother when so many others were on plain display?

And then, sitting on the floor, she pissed. Her clear stream squirted, sparkling in the light, and sprayed into the ground just in front of her. There was a loud hissing sound from the pressure of the release, and a splashing noise from the liquid jetting into the fresh puddle she was now sitting in. She visibly relaxed. She saw that I was watching her peeing, and didn’t care; she even managed a conspiratorial grin. I looked under the floor and saw a shower of drips soaking through the floorboards.

Another girl in the same cage, Carla, sat next to her in a similar posture and also began to pee on the floor. Sian finished first, but both girls stayed in the same place once they had finished. They let their puddles soak away before they got up and sat on the bench

*021*2018-09-22 22:17

The slave market – part 15

I spotted Helen very quickly as I strolled past her cage. She was the most desperate girl in it. Some of the others were fidgeting, but she was hunched up, thighs together and both hands pushing them closer. She was bobbing up and down in slow motion, pushing on herself as she went down, as if she needed to seal the pressure trying to burst out of her. She really did look like someone who would be peeing very soon. Her posture meant that she was sticking her bum out behind her – with the height difference of the floor of the cage – at about our eye level. From behind, the lips of her pussy were showing at the gap between the top of her thighs. I was enjoying watching her struggle against her intense need for release.

Then there was a flicker of movement in the air just below her bum, and a sudden sprinkling of dark marks wetting the boards behind her. A few moments later she briefly released another short line of pee that splashed into a small puddle below her. Somehow she kept control, but only to spray out another short burst. That was followed by a sudden stream of dribbles, which stopped immediately.

And then another quick line of pee sparkled in the air and stopped. Then there was another, which faded to dripping dribbles and then intensified again to a line of piss. The stream faded, then came back, and then she completely lost all power to stop it. She was helpless as she had to begin pissing with full force, her stream squirting from between her legs, then gushing powerfully and spraying.

I don’t think she realised at first how clearly we could see her spontaneous voiding of her piss, but almost immediately she put her hands over her face, distressed that she was urinating in public and not through choice. She now stood motionless, knees bent and body leaning forward, like a statue in a fountain, pouring a strong stream of clear liquid straight down into the growing puddle behind her.

It took some time; Luke and I continued to watch her peeing until she had finished emptying on to the floor, her stream eventually quickly fading and then stopping with a few drips. She must have closed it too soon, as she had to piss out another short squirt, about a small bowlful, on to the boards. And then it was over, and we sauntered away to look for the next bursting, pretty maiden-slave whose need would force her to relieve herself in front of our eyes, for our entertainment.

The next one was actually a warrior. She had a fit, muscular body. Her physique caught our attention, and we checked her name. Diana, like the hunter-goddess. She shared her cage with Hannah and Zena (whom we had watched earlier in the day when they had both had a wee, one after the other).

The cage floor was dark now. The girls in the cage must now all have wet it, some more than once. Both Hannah and Zena looked like they might soon go again, but Leesa was fidgeting the most. So it surprised us when Diana pissed. There were no warning signs.

She just parted her legs and stood, hands on hips. Then immediately there was an outpouring from her pussy lips, which arced gently ahead of her and splashed loudly on the boards in front of her feet. She did not change her posture, but kept her head up and looked directly ahead while she peed herself to comfort, finishing the show with a few short squirts to make sure she was empty. Once done, she stepped back a couple of paces and stood at ease, her face still defiant and confident.

We were impressed by her discipline and I barely resisted the temptation to applaud. I did mutter a congratulations to her, and saw a flicker of a mischievous grin register momentarily on her face.

Luke nudged me and indicated that I should look at Leesa. Watching Diana pee had been too much for her and she was now squatting in a corner, balanced on her toes, weight forward, pee flooding from her and spraying on the boards under her head. We stayed to watch her empty herself. Her pee ran over the edge of the floor and poured on the ground. Luke put a finger in the stream and sniffed it. She let her pee fade away to a dribble, then to drips as she finished.

Then she raised her head for the first time and saw us standing next to her. She apologised, saying that she had just had to go. We assured her that we were not offended. As if!

*023*2018-09-23 20:08

Thank you for the suggestion. It's given me an idea. You'll have to wait for the second day of the auction for that though.

*024*2018-09-23 21:07

The slave market – part 16

We had now been in the hall all day, looking at the naked girls, enjoying their desperation and spotting them weeing. All had pissed on the floor two or three times or more and we must have watched almost all of them going at least once. Despite that, many were yet again showing visible signs of needing relief.

The light coming through the canvas roof was now warmer in tone and brighter on one side from the lowering sun, a sign that the day was coming to a close. There were fewer spectators now viewing the girls. A hand bell started to ring from a far corner. Shouts from the slave bearing it became clearer as he got closer. He was walking around the cages calling the viewing to a close. People were now flowing towards the exits.

Molly, with short brown hair, looked as if she was about to wet herself. She stood, occasionally shivering (and she cannot have been cold), with her hand in her groin and legs crossed. She gave a particularly obvious shudder and then decided that she could wait no longer. She leaned back against the bars of her cage, resting her bum against them, almost sitting. She bent forward, wrists on knees, and pissed. She closed her eyes, and her face relaxed, as if tension was flowing from her with the contents of her bladder. Her stream squirted fiercely into the foamy puddle below her, before eventually dying away and ending with a series of short spurts, dribbles and drips.

The slave with the bell came around again. Simon was with him this time and, with a wave, he indicated that we were welcome guests who could linger as long as we wished. We wanted to stay a little longer. We expected the day’s events to end on a high.

They did. Girls who were bursting to pee noticed that the crowds had gone. They were still naked, and still had no privacy. But, for the first time since the morning, they were not on public display. A girl in the nearest cage just squatted and began to pee on the floor. A second copied her. Then a girl in the cage opposite. And then another.

I turned around slowly. Every single one of the dozen cages now contained a fit, naked young woman peeing, or two or three, sometimes more. The air was filled with the hissing, splattering sound of dozens of young maidens urinating enthusiastically on the ground, mixed with their sighs of relief.

Most squatted, but a few adopted a hovering posture, or perched on the edge of a bench. Many of those squatting earlier in the day had been trying to wee out of sight, so had crouched low, leaning forward, thighs closed. Now most were just trying to get comfortable, so they were spraying forward, legs open, vulvas on display. Some used the cage bars to support their backs or bums. It was a wonderful sight, and my cock yet again rose to attention.

Now the merchants’ slaves were unlocking the door of the first cage, bringing up steps and showing the girls out and to the living quarters behind the hall. As they repeated this, a few of the girls squatted to pee on the ground at our feet once they were out of their cages.

Finally the last of them had been released and taken back into their private quarters. It was time for us to return home. We said farewell to Simon. He hoped we would return tomorrow for the auction in the afternoon. We assured him we would. He reminded us that there was another viewing before the auction. We told him we intended to attend.

We walked home together, weary, and reminiscing about the sights from that day. We hoped tomorrow would not be a disappointment; we were sure it would not. I was looking forward to a long soak in a warm bath. With a couple of my most attentive maiden slaves. Red-headed Leena, and raven-haired Fran would be perfect. I would be disappointed if they had not been drinking plenty of water all day. I would keep them desperate in the bathroom until they could wait no longer and had to pee on the tiles.

