Thanks for not telling anyone

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-03-01 18:52

Angie was holding in too much urine. She had her trembling leg muscles clenched tight as she struggled to look casual. Her hands were clasped nonchalantly in front of her. When no one was looking, she discreetly pinched at the crotch of her jeans, rubbing her thighs together as her knees came up in an uneasy march. To a passive observer, she looked kind of uncomfortable, but under the surface she was dying. Her swollen bladder was pulsating under the pressure, screaming with urinary urgency.

As soon as a 3 second piss started squirting out and forming a golf ball sized spot on her crotch, she stiffly speed-walked to her room. She scrambled through the doorway and closed it behind her, her whole body trembling. Out of sight of anyone, she clutched her crotch tightly, twisting her legs together and doubling over.

The sensation of desperation was coming in waves, lessening to a dire pulse in between intense surges of pressure.

Once the wave was over, she stood in front of a mirror and unbuttoned and unzipped her tight jeans, pulling her shirt up and her underwear down a bit to view a tender ovular distention just above a tuft of her pubic hair. It was starting to hurt. Her urge started to come back around, intensifying until she felt like she was about to piss again. Hopping around, she pulled her undergarments down and wiped her wet vagina with her panties. Then she stepped in place as she grabbed a fresh pair and pulled them on. She stuck her hand inside them and squeezed her bare pussy, pressing her thighs together and leaning against the wall for a moment before, still holding herself, pulling a black skirt out and putting that on, too.

She gave herself a minute to squirm and get composed, then left her room and went back to the bathroom, where her sister Brooke had suddenly taken first spot in the queue.

"Hey, what the hell? I was here first!"

Brooke looked up from her phone. "Uhh, what?"

The poor girl, who was usually completely private about such needs, was brought to such a level of desperation that it surpassed her shyness. She lowered her voice and said "I have to pee so bad, Brooke, I'm so serious," she begged. "I've been standing here waiting forever, I just left for a second!"

"Sorry, dude, you know I have an overactive bladder. I have to get in there."

A dribble leaked out of her clenched urinary sphincter, causing her to jerk forward and jam her fingers in between her thighs for a second. She made eye contact with her sister, embarrassed, then she turned around and rushed back into her room.

By this point, Angie was genuinely dying to piss. It was getting unbearable and she wanted to cry. She crawled on her knees onto the bed and slowly doubled over, harshly pressing her fingers into her vagina as she buried her face in the covers. Even though she'd hadn't leaked very much, she felt warm, damp persperation in her underwear and thighs from the strain of holding it all in.

The fluctuating surge of pressure came to its peak again. She bit the blanket and groaned, writhing as her body was racked with discomfort, her tired, aching urethra trembling and straining under the pressure, threatening to fail.

She felt the hot, wet patch of urine quickly spread through the fabric before she heard the hissing. It gurgled against her squeezing fingers as she turned onto her butt and jumped off the bed, frantically grabbing at herself and jerking her hips back and forth. Drops of urine fell onto the hardwood between her feet before she was able to force the flow to stop. Her entire body was trembling and she was in immense agony, her bulging bladder screaming to be emptied. She could feel hot liquid dripping down her thighs and used her skirt to dry it. She stepped side to side, lurching back and forth and holding herself, whimpering and starting to cry.

Hot urine loudly spurted out of her in a loud, erratically pulsing stream. She ran five steps to her door before doubling over, legs pressed tightly together and hands gripping at her skirt, tensing every muscle in her body trying to stop herself from peeing. Tears started rolling down her face as she let out a sob, piss dribbling from her ass and splattering on the floor. Her stream would stop for a second, then immediately pick back up and hiss out of her like a firehose. Her bladder was so full and hurting that poor Angie could hardly stand it any longer.

This fluctuating urine stream continued for the better part of a minute before she was able to force her tired body to contain the rest of the ocean of liquid inside her tortured bladder.

She looked behind her at the trail of drops, then under her at the sizeable puddle she'd made. Her soaked underwear was still dripping, and her swollen bladder was still screaming. She hobbled to her hamper and threw a dirty towel over the puddle. Piss slowly seeped out of her pussy and she couldn't stop it, no matter how tightly she gripped herself.

Suddenly, her bedroom door opened.

"Hey, the bathrooms open, Ang-" Brooke started, then stopped mid-sentence when she saw the desperate state her sister was in, madly grabbing at herself and contorting her body, frantically trying to keep her urine in. "Oh my gosh! Just run- just run to the bathroom! Quick!"

"I c-can't..." Angie stuttered, squeezing desperately at her slowly leaking vagina. "I-I can't move! I'll p-pee... I j-just ne-ed a m-minute..."

Brooke saw the little streams of pee rolling down her sister's legs. She hesitated, then said "just let go. It isn't worth it, Angie."

Angie shook her head, trembling and holding herself. She was hurting so bad.

Brooke sighed. "Are you gonna make me do this?"

The desperate girl was too preoccupied with her screaming need to process what had been said to her. Her sister reached over and squeezed her sides, her most ticklish spot. Angie yelped, jumping away as her body squeezed out a hard stream of piss that loudly splattered to the floor. "Don't! I-it's..." she stuttered, frantically lurching her hips around and grabbing at herself, but she couldn't stop pissing. It was too late. Her body had given out, completely opening the floodgates and letting the huge amount of hot piss she'd been holding inside of her to flow through soaked fabric, streaming down her legs and forming a huge puddle around her. Brooke was grabbing dirty laundry and throwing it at her sister's feet, trying to minimize the damage that was being made. It seemed like Angie would piss forever. After almost two minutes, the powerful stream died down to barely a leak. She couldn't stop that either, and that went on for a long time, even while they had a conversation:

"How'd this even happen, anyway?" Brooke asked, wiping up her sister's urine with a shirt.

"I just hold it in a lot and don't realize until it's bad..." Angie admitted, feeling warm fluid flowing between her legs.

"You can't do that a lot, jeez! You're gonna end up like me. I pee my pants all the time."

"Really?"

"If you would've went before me just now, the roles would've been reversed. Except I would've been prepared for it."

Angie thought for a second, then asked "how do you prepare for it?"

*006*2022-03-03 17:24

"Well, first of all-" Brooke pulled the waistband of her pants and underwear forward, revealing a second pair underneath. "Plus, there's a 2 liter cylinder thing in my room that I just empty out the window."

"It really happens to you that often?"

"I'm usually about to bust when I wake up in the morning. I don't have time to check if the bathroom's open. Does this happen to you a lot?"

"I mean-" Angie turned hot in the cheeks. Bodily functions were embarrassing to her, but her body had been seen by her sister many times, and she pulled her skirt and underwear down and started drying her thighs and privates with a towel. "I have to go... really bad... pretty often. Not every day, but like a few times a week, I guess. I leak a lot, but I've never..." she trailed off and looked away.

"Well, feel free to use that beaker in my room if you ever need to. Really. It's hard living in a house with only one bathroom."

"Uhh- thanks..." Angie wondered how she hadn't seen this side of her sister in the years she'd spent living with her. It was hidden well.

The next time she found herself wriggling in her seat, putting off going to the bathroom until the end of the episode, she remembered the beaker that Brooke had mentioned. She knew her sister was at work, so there was no real need to use it, but she was curious about the whole thing.

She ended up watching a lot of episodes before she decided to do anything about her tight, full bladder. By then, it was really bad. She held herself with both hands, her busting organ howling with urgency. She considered leaving in the middle of the last episode a few times, but ultimately waited it out. As soon as the credits started rolling, she hurriedly speed-walked into her sister's room and stood there dancing, scanning for the beaker she was told about. She crouched down to peek under the bed, squishing her piss bulge and cringing with discomfort in doing so. When she got up, defeated, she hopped around and held herself for a minute. Suddenly, as a save of urgency rippled through her busting bladder, she crossed her legs and lurched forward, sticking her butt out and squeezing herself.

"Ohh, fuck! I have to peeeee," she muttered, running to the closet and looking inside. There was a mountain of clothes. She wondered how hidden this thing was going to be, and if it might be underneath somewhere. As she rummaged through it, she noticed what a large quantity of underwear Brooke went through. All of the lighter colored undies had visible dark or yellow patches at the crotch, some having a pretty big blotch stretching up the butt.

Angie winced, saueezed her vagina and pressed her thighs together. She felt like she was about to leak. She was really bursting.

She looked up and noticed a visible sliver of something glass behind a shoebox on the shelf above her. She reached up and pee'd a little bit.

"Hahh!! Ahh--" she moaned, gripping between her legs and jerking her legs toward each other. She had waited too long for sure. She stood there squirming madly for a minute, waiting for the wave to pass. Her body was begging her to empty it.

She heard the door close. Brooke must be home. Panic suddenly struck Angie, the embarrassment of trying to piss in this cylinder when she didn't need to starting to creep up on her. The bursting girl ran out of the closet and through her sister's room to the bathroom, where she cought a glimpse of her sister from behind before the door shut in her face.

"Eep-!" Angie whimpered, squirming outside the door and holding her crotch. She felt like she was about to explode. As the sound of hissing and splattering into the toilet bowl emanated from the occupied bathroom, pee started to leak out of Angie, and she jumped up and down and lurched her hips around to stop it, madly grabbing at herself. The discomfort was intense. She lifted one leg and looked at her crotch to assess the damage so far: a dark spot the size of a grapefruit.

She sprinted back into Brooke's closet. She jumped up and took down the shoebox, revealing that the glass she had seen was a vase. Certainly not a cylinder. As another bit of pee squirted out against her digging fingers, the pain in her tortured bladder and stinging urethra reached a level of urgency that was too much for her to keep it together, and she started to cry. She leaked even more putting the box back up and ran back to the bathroom, hopping around and rubbing herself in between the legs when she got there.

Her sister's stream was going on for a very long time. It was still going when she came back. As soon as another leak started to seep out, she blurted out: "Brooke! W-Where's that- t-thing you t-told me about yesterday..."

"What?"

"The- ohh... The cylinder! T-that you pee in! W-When you're about to burst..."

"Ohhh! It's behind my bedside table!"

Angie started pissing in her pants during the run over there. She hopped around and jerked her ass back, madly squeezing her leaking pussy as she shakily grabbed the cylinder from behind the table, clumsily banging the fragile glass against a few things as she took it out. Her stream strengthened to a hiss as she unbuttoned her pants, sending a dark streak that quickly reached down to her ankle.

"Nooo--" she moaned, tears streaming down her face and urine dripping off the cuffs of her pants. She had them fully unbuttoned and unzipped by the time she was fully pissing herself, and instead of pulling her pants down, she positioned her ass over the tall beaker so it'd catch a portion of the liquid that was gushing out of her. It was a lot of piss. She could hear it pattering under her.

Brooke opened the door. "Oh, Angie," she said sympathetically. She was a mess. Her face was beet red and she was almost sobbing. The second time was more humiliating than the first. It didn't help that it wasn't even her own room this time.

"I don't kn-know how t-this happened!" she stuttered, still pissing hard, "I didn't m-mean to! Your room... I'm s-sorry..."

Her sister grabbed her by the shoulders. "Angie. Do you remember what I told you? This happens to me all the time. All. The. Time." Brooke undid her pants and pulled them down, revealing baby blue underwear with a dark stain at her crotch. She turned around, revealing it was enough to reach the butt as well. "Today was rough. I really should've skipped the coffee." She kicked off her pants all the way and took off both pairs of underwear she had on. Angie was still pissing. "Angie, if you're going to go through this with me, we've got to help each other. Of course I wish you weren't, this shit sucks, but in some ways, I'm a little grateful. We can help each other. I've been going my whole life without anyone to talk to about this!"

She sniffed and wiped her eyes. "O-Of course I'll help you, Brooke but... I don't know if I'm really going through the same thing..."

"You pee'd your pants two days in a row, and you said you're desperate more days in a week than not? Maybe it's not as bad as what I go through, but you can definitely stand to get some help, sis. I don't know how you are with leaking, but maybe you should try doubling up like I do."

Like hell I'm gonna do that, she thought, the last of the contents of her bladder spurting out into her ruined underwear. "Can you please put some pants on already?" she chuckled, awkwardly averting her eyes.

"Sorry," she said, pulling on some underwear. "But you know what I mean, right? About help? We can bring each other changes of clothes, or things to pee into and stuff!"

"Yeah..." Angie stood up, her wet pants squelching with the movement. "I'm really sorry about your room."

"No harm done, Ang. Do you want to change in here? There's no reason to trail pee through the house. Do you want some pants and underwear?"

"I'll probably just take a shower," she said, pulling her pants off. She suddenly pressed her thighs together. "Actually, I think..." she lurched forward. "Whoa--" she hurriedly positioned herself over the beaker and gushed even more piss into it.

"Second wave," Brooke said. "Keep that in mind when you're changing in public without getting to a toilet in between. Yeah?"

