No Matter What (Glee)

Author: fairy123

*000*2012-12-10 22:18

~I originally put this up on fanfiction.net.~

Chapter 1

The morning sun was bright as it shone through Kurt's curtains. He was just about to go back to sleep as he rolled over before he felt a damp, cold feeling around his waist. Blue eyes opened slowly and he sat up, swearing under his breath when he saw the large wet patch on his sheets.

"Damn sleep paralysis,"the brunette grumbled and got up to take a long hot shower before he dealt with his sheets. He emerged from the bathroom a couple of minutes later feeling fresh and clean, but that was when he noticed Puck of all people standing his his doorway, looking at the wet spot on the bed.

"Get out Noah,"Kurt snarled and blushed beet red when all the mohawked teen did was snicker and start laughing.

"Oh this is rich. The ice queen can't even keep his bed dry. I came here to tell you that Blaine is here. I wonder what he would say if he saw this,"Puck said teasingly and Kurts face suddenly went pale as he looked straight past Puck at a surprised face in the doorway.

"Puck? Could you leave Kurt and I alone for a few moments? Go kick a puppy or something,"Blaine said before he closed the door behind the male and looked at Kurt.

"Is this the reason why you never wanted to spend the night in my room at Dalton?"Blaine asked softly and pulled Kurt into a hug when he started to cry.

"Its not like I can control it. It's sleep paralysis,"Kurt said softly, dropping his blue eyes to the floor. "My body just freezes up and I can't get out of bed."he mumbled and wrapped his arms around Blaine's neck softly.

"Shhhh. I'm not mad Kurt. It's a medical condition. Can I tell you something?"Blaine said softly, wiping a tear from Kurts cheek as the countertenor nodded slowly. "I wet the bed until I was about eleven or twelve. I was mortified, but I did find a solution. If you're willing to listen."

"What was it?"Kurt asked timidly and blushed at the answer his boyfriend came up with. Rubber sheets. Man, that was humiliating. But it would help save the mattress even though the laundry bill would still be up.

"The other option, is diapers, but tell you what? We'll try the first option, but if you feel that you want to try the other, I won't be mad. I tried both of these. I just want you to be comfortable though, no matter how long this lasts,"Blaine said and rubbed Kurts back softly, smiling when the brunette nodded.

"I'll give it a try. Thanks for being so understanding,"Kurt mumbled and kissed Blaine's lips softly before he pulled away and let Blaine help him take the wet sheets off the bed.

Chapter 2

Kurt pulled away from Blaine, sniffling slightly still before he went into his closet to pick out an outfit for the day. The brunette hopped into the shower, desperately wishing to get the dried urine off of himself. When he was done with the shower, he dried off and slid his clothes on for the day, black skinny jeans and black boots, as well as a white collared shirt with the sleeves rolled up and a purple tie with a black vest.

He quickly did his moisturizing routine and exited the bathroom to notice that his bed was remade with fresh sheets and Blaine had a small smile on his lips.

"Let's go grab some breakfast and head to the store, okay, hon?"Blaine said soflty as he laced his fingers with Kurts and the countertenor nodded, grabbing his wallet quickly. They headed straight to Blaine's car and to a Starbucks, where Kurt happily ordered his nonfat mocha to lift his spirits a little after that embarrassing morning.

"What store are we going to?"Kurt tentatively asked, though his question was answered as they pulled into the parking lot of the medical supply store. The brunette blushed and followed Blaine into the store, holding onto his hand for dear life before they approached the section of protective sheets and a pretty sales lady came up to them.

"Can I help you two with anything today?"she asked with a small smile. Kurt fidgeted a little bit when his bladder decided to make itself known again before he glanced around the store at the people before he zeroed in on the bathroom sign and entered the room, quickly relieving himself before he headed back to Blaine.

"Bathroom?"Blaine whispered softly when the brunette returned and Kurt nodded with a blush before he looked down at the package in Blaine's hands. Yup, rubber sheets, but it was the print on them that made the brunette blush fiercely.

"Hearts, Blaine? Really?"he asked softly and buried his face into his boyfriends shoulder.

"Sorry, it was this, or pink. That's all there was left in your mattress size. Plus, I think it's adorable,"Blaine said softly, rubbing Kurt's back as he was hugged.

"Fine. Do we need anything else?"Kurt asked with a frown and noticed Blaine had glanced over at the diapers, but shook his head sharply. "No. Maybe if I don't like this idea. Let's keep this outing to a minimal embarrassment factor."

"Got it. Let's pay for this and then go to the mall. Will that cheer you up?"Blaine asked with a gentle smirk before he headed towards the register holding Kurts hand, paying for the item as if he was just buying milk or something from the grocery store before he kissed Kurts cheek and headed to the car.

Chapter 3

It was between a couple of stores that Kurt noticed the same small twinge in his bladder from that morning in the medical supply store. He noticed Blaine was intently comparing two cardigans, so, just by that theory, they were going to be awhile. The brunette figured he'd be alright for awhile though since the pressure wasn't too bad just yet.

Blaine made his decision about ten minutes later, so by that time Kurt was trying not to noticeably fidget. He looked down at his watch and silently groaned. They had three minutes to go get their tickets for the afternoon matinee.

"C'mon Kurt, or we'll be late. Are you okay?"Blaine asked, noticing the slender male looked tense and Kurt nodded, obviously trying not to let Blaine notice what was wrong.

He was more than a little relieved to at least be sitting down in the theater seat, since it took a small amount of pressure off of his bladder. Kurt tried to casually cross his legs, but paled when he noticed his jeans were too tight and a tiny spurt came out, though he quickly clenched his muscles shut and bit down on his lip. He made a mental note that his pants weren't wet yet, though his underwear were definitely a little bit damp. Kurt let out a sigh of relief, though the small spurt from earlier made him feel a tad more desperate, causing him to discreetly squirm in the theater seat.

They were watching some horror movie that Blaine had picked, so just about every time something exciting happened on screen, Kurt jumped and small spurts of urine would dampen his underwear. He could tell that there was at least a quarter size wet spot on his crotch, and knew he had to excuse himself very soon or he'd have to buy some new pants.

"I'm gonna quick run to the bathroom, kay?"Kurt whispered in Blaine's ear, making note of the small nod before he got up and went to find the closest bathroom. He spotted it a few yards away and tried to casually make his way towards it, grimacing as a few more small spurts of urine slipped past his urethra into his pants.

As soon as he got inside, he decided that a stall would be less embarrassing than using the urinals. Kurt tried not to squirm so much as he undid the zipper on his pants, but if he stayed standing for too long, he'd spurt more. The countertenor just barely got the zipper down before a longer jet of urine, that lasted about three seconds, got on his hands. Kurt did manage to finish in the proper place, but he made a mental note that his underwear was thoroughly soaked and unsaveable. Luckily, his jeans only had a small wet spot, which would dry in a matter of minutes, so he slid the drenched briefs down his legs, wiping up any spare droplets of urine before he pulled his jeans back up, the damp crotch a cold reminder of the almost-accident he barely managed to avoid.

"Kurt? Is everything okay? You've been gone for like, ten minutes,"he heard Blaine say from the opposite side of the door and panickedly looked around the stall for somewhere to put his ruined underwear.

"I'm fine. I'll be out in a few minutes,"Kurt murmured before he unlocked the stall door, trying to hide the yellowed fabric from view, but Blaine noticed it and looked from it to Kurt, frowning slightly.

"It's okay Kurt. Everyone has accidents sometimes,"Blaine said, watching Kurt throw away the item before he thoroughly washed his hands, a grimace on his face. The countertenor couldn't help but tear up though when he remembered that morning, when Blaine saw the sheets.

"If you wanna dump me, I don't blame you,"Kurt whispered softly, looking at his shoes.

"Break up with you? What are you talking about? You're probably just stressed out over this morning. How about we get you home so you can shower, and then go get some ice cream,"Blaine said, tilting Kurts chin up so he could look him in the eyes before he wiped away a stray tear and kissed Kurt gently.

