No time before the flight

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2024-03-18 18:29

Tina fiddled around with her suitcase as she was ready to board her plane, waiting for their flight to be called. She suddenly felt a slight twinge in her bladder and looked for a bathroom near by.

"Flight from Incheon International Airport to London Heathrow is boaring now."

Something she didn't want to hear, but it would be okay, she could go after take off! Tina and around 50 others boarded the plane with ease, thanking the flight attendants as they walked on. Tina walked down to business where another 5 people joined her, although all spread out through the cabin. She eventually found her seat and put her suitcase away, buckling into her seat as she listened to safety precautions.

Her bladder began to feel a little more full and what wasn't much of an issue turned into a large problem, fanning her legs in and out, her thighs squeezing her vulva in between. The plane was ready for take off and Tina could finally relieve herself, although to her surprise, a man a few seats away had beat her to the punch. She marched on the spot with a hand gripping her crotch, her head held low from the shame of potty dancing infront of strangers.

"Ohhhh sir...are you done, yet? I-I need to use the toilet!" Tina knocked, only to hear a grunt and sniff from a grumpy man who was clearly taking his time.

"Excuse me? Miss?" Tina turned around on the balls of her feet to see a flight attendant looking at her with pity, a hand on her shoulder from empathy. "You're going to need to sit down as we seem to be going through mild storms."

"B-but...I really need to use the toilet...I...I need a wee." Tina whimpered, with no care about how pathetic she sounded. Her hands gripping tightly at her crotch, her lip quivering from pain.

"I'm so sorry, miss. You're going to have to sit down. There isn't much I can do." She continued to pity Tina as the man came out of the toilet with no shame. Tina whimpered and opened her mouth to object, only to realise that she wouldn't be able to do much about this. The mess of a woman sat back down and clipped her seatbelt in, tugging at it so it didn't rest on her bladder to tightly.

20 minutes went by and the seatbelt seat was still on. At this point, Tina bounced crazily in her seat, raising her hips up and down as she grabbed her pussy with brute force, holding back tears from the pain of her aching bladder. Out the corner of her eye, she could see the same flight attendants smile softly, obviously sharing her sympathy for Tina and her full bladder.

"Oh my god oh my god oh my god...I'm gonna pee my pants...I'm gonna wee on the seat!" Tina mumbled to herself, spluttering and almost sobbing. Her train of thought was interrupted by a different flight attendant bringing over a nicely put together sandwich on a white China dish.

"Here you are, Miss, your chicken sandwich. Please let me know if you need anything else!"

"U-uh actually, I was wondering when I'll be able to use the bathroom. I'm quite desperate for a wee and might have an accident soon." Tina winced, still grabbing herself. This flight attendant was a little less empathetic than the last and just said.

"We don't know just yet." This wasn't what Tina wanted to hear. She only wanted to hear-

DING!

Tina unbuckled her seatbelt and flung herself out of her chair, jogging up to the bathroom with a leaky bladder, piss rolling into her pants. A smile spread across her face as she realised she'd be able to release her bladder, but unfortunately...she wasn't so lucky.

"Um, excuse me. May my daughter use the toilet before you? She's been desperate and is on the verge of having an accident." The mother held the daughter's hand, an awkward smile spread across her face as she watched this woman bounced around and wince in pain. Tina didn't want to let a 12 year old little girl wet herself on the plane and nodded, backing away from the door as the mother thanked her frantically.

At this point, Tina's relief was so far away that she was a minute away from wet pants. She sat in her seat and moaned to herself, both hands grabbing her leaking vulva and pressing against it. Her bladder was slowly dripping its contents into her underwear, giving up on her.

"O-oh no, no no no, no hold it hold it hold it!" Tina slowly bucked her hips, sweating and squirming as her legs fanned in and out with haste. Eventually, Tina found her tiny drops turn into singular streams and was at a loss for what to do. She found herself digging around in her bag to pee in something but only managed to find a plastic carrier bag.

'It's gonna have to do...right?' Tina thought, hestiant at whether to pee in her plastic bag or not. She was running out of time and found herself pulling her knickers down with one hand, some pee leaking out onto the seat. She positioned her leaky vulva and let her stream go, shakily but quickly.

Tina moaned aloud, turning away from the strangers behind her as her bladder let itself go into the bag. The hissing echoed but no one seemed to hear it or they just didn't care because of how full their own bladders were.

"Ohhhhh fuck. Oh that's good, haha." Tina smiled, finally relieved from the pain of her bladder. She eventually stopped her stream and wiped the remaining pee off of her vulva with the bag opening.

Carrying it to the bathroom was an awkward experience 😅

Let me know if y'all want me to carry this story on from different perspectives like the FA!

