The Sphere - Page 13

Author: SashaButters

*302*2016-04-27 04:16

{{:

I've been wondering about this from the start:

How did Becca feel pain from the nocebo effect from hidings weapons on her person, when Brian said you couldn't get it from a partial dive?

From chapter 4:

}}

I'm just making this up as I go. It's far from perfect. ;D It was more implied that she's being overly dramatic and the pain's all in her head.

*305*2016-04-27 05:55

{{:

Amazon publishes almost anything for kindle. I believe it has a thing where you sell X amount of ebooks then you get printed in paper.

}}

Yeah, but it feels like cheating. The only person that would buy book is my mom XD

*308*2016-05-13 00:40

How do you feel about this as the first chapter? I used Hemmingway App for the grammar and sentence structure. I don't know how i feel about it. It wants you to make the sentences super simple.

The five-year-old girl sprinted forward into the mall store. Her older brother looking none too pleased about being drug along by the hand behind her. Her green eyes glowed with excitement while she took in her surroundings. A paper crown sat atop her head which read, 'Birthday Girl' in large pink letters. Remnants of chocolate cake still smeared the corners of her mouth. Nothing about this day would suggest the events about to unfold would traumatize her for life. Had she waited until the next day, would she not have to spend so many years being awoken in the night by her own screams? What if another little boy or girl had taken her place that day? Maybe her life could have gone done a different road. It’s funny how childhood trauma can mold you into the person you are today.

“Becca, slow down.” Brian said. She ignored him, too hyped up on sugar to stay still any longer than three seconds. Not only was it her birthday, but now she was old enough to log in to the Sphere for the first time. She had found a voucher in the mail for a free partial dive for her birthday from the Sphere Center. After much begging, pleading and crying, her parents had relented. Only under the condition that her brother log in with her.

She knew the exact game she wanted to play. Baby Mama Llama Drama. It was the latest craze these days. It was on T-shirts, backpacks, Tv, video games. She had even had a Baby Mama Llama Drama themed birthday party. Brian always said it was a show used to brainwash kids. It shoved the government’s political agenda down their little, unsuspecting throats. Becca loved the silliness of the show, and all the mischief the characters got into. Brian said the underlying purpose was to teach kids the “gender norms” of the current society. Women stayed home and had lots of children while the men worked. She had no idea what he was talking about.

On the way to pick out a game off the rack, she noticed the other people in the lobby. They all spread out the room as far from each other as possible, as if everyone had an infectious disease. They all sat still and silent. No one spoke. No one made eye contact.

Brian scowled when Becca presented him with the cover of the game she wanted to play. “Why is no one talking?” She asked, as they walked towards the counter.

Brian looked around before responding. “Not everyone is comfortable with being around people yet, that’s why they’re here. To learn through games.”

“They can’t talk? I can talk good!” Becca boasted.

Brian hushed her and tried to explain. “Shh, keep your voice down. Most adults weren’t raised like people our age. Face to face interaction is still new to them.”

“Hi there!” An employee said. He looked down at Becca and smiled. “Is today your birthday?” Becca nodded her head, and hid behind her brother. The teenager working behind the counter chuckled.

Brian rolled his eyes. “What happened to miss-I-Talk-Good?” He shook his head while she cowered behind him. “We have a coupon for a free partial dive. It came in the mail for her. I didn’t know you guys did birthday mailers.”

He scrutinized the piece of paper. “We don’t. At least not that I’m aware of.” He slid the papers barcode under the scanner before it beeped. “Oh, well I guess we do now. It accepted it as payment. Have you picked out a game yet?”

“Two dives in llama land.” Brian said. He sent a last pleading look to the teenager working the register that said, Please help me. “Can’t believe mom’s making me do this with you.” He eyed the cover with distaste as some kind of unicorn llama hybrid smiled up at him.

“You know, these games are safe.” The employee tapped the E rating on the cover. “There’s no way she could get hurt in a game like that. You could always play a different game while she does this one.”

Brian groaned, “I know, but our parents are making me-.” He paused when the emergency signal blared into the lobby. A report came on and the three of them watched for a brief moment. An announcement about the discovery of mutilated corpses found in an underground lab. It was unknown who, or what, was responsible. It urged viewers to be on guard and report suspicious activity.

“It’s been going off every hour.” The employee named Victor said.“A guy found the bodies this morning. He even said every single one of them died from self-inflicted injuries. They interviewed the person who found them. Could you imagine walking into a warehouse and finding the scene of twenty plus suicides? All were violent deaths. We’re not talking poisoning. Some people even had finger nail marks going down their faces! Whatever happened, these people suffered before they died.” Becca shuddered at the thought. “They’ll play the interview again in a few minutes if you want to see it.”

“I don’t want to see it!” Becca said. “I want to play my game!” She tugged hard on Brian’s hand.

“I can’t. I have to stay with her. I want to though.” Brian frowned before looking at the Tv, and then back to Becca. “Do you think you could play by yourself?”

She smiled wide at the opportunity presented to her. He was letting her be alone? Being five rocked! “Look, don’t tell mom and I’ll take you back next week.” She nodded her head with vigor and let out a high-pitched squeal of excitement.

“Alright, has she been here before?” Victor asked.

“No” Brian said. He gave Becca a gentle nudge behind the counter once Victor said they could come back. He tried to herd the little girl towards the scanner. His efforts were almost futile. She was paying more attention to the things around her than where she was going. He told her to look straight ahead at the wall. She glanced at what appeared to be a blank wall. Her eyes went wide as an exact replica of herself projected in front of her.

“Pretty cool, huh?” He smiled a little at her amazement. “Now all you have to do is think about what you want to look like.”

“Woah!” Becca said. She giggled as she imagined herself with different shades and styles of hair. Brian rolled his eyes, but at the same time, pleased to see her having so much fun. After ten minutes of this, he had to tell her to choose something; he didn’t want to be here all day. She settled on a little girl her age with curly brown hair and blue eyes.

Brian looked at her in disbelief, before shrugging his shoulders. “So much for kids having an imagination. Now all you have to do is name her.”

The words ‘welcome, Sasha,’ appeared in big, bold text above the image. Underneath stood Becca's avatar dressed in light green sweater and jeans.

“Isn’t that the name of our next door neighbors husky?” He asked.

“N-no! I just like it!” She said, sounding a little too defensive as she crossed her arms with a pout.

“Whatever, c’mon, Fido,”

Victor led Becca towards the back hall, around the corner and towards room number twelve. As Becca walked, she craned her neck and turned her head in all directions. There were so many things to see! Advertisements for the latest and most popular dives covered the walls. One image showed two boys decked out in chain mail. Each carried an enormous sword with a giant, fire breathing dragon in the background. Another image showed a deep-sea dive. Various kinds of fish and sea life swam around a man in a scuba diving get up. Victor almost had to drag her away from one display. Two girls with black cat ears and tails stood in provocative posses and winked at the viewer.

“Kitties! I want to go in the kitty one!” Becca said. She frowned in confusion at the teenagers’ reaction.

“No! Not for kids, sorry.” Victor said with a chuckle as he guided her forward into the nearest room. Becca looked around the room with a frown. It wasn’t at all what she had been expecting.

“Where’s the llamas?” She asked taking in the plain room with a single chair and strange helmet.

“Don’t worry, there’s llamas.” He motioned for her to take a seat. “Now since this is your first time, let me explain how this is going to work. We’re going to put this helmet on you, count to ten, and when you come to, you’ll be in LlamaLand.”

Becca sat down in the leather recliner as the guide leaned her back down. “You ready?” The little girl nodded her head before a large spherical helmet lowered down over her eyes. “Now, if you want to log out for any reason, all you have to do is say the words, ‘I want out’. A screen will appear and ask you if you want to log out. You can say, ‘yes,’ or, ‘no.’ ” He explained.

Becca nodded her head in understanding in the complete blackness of the helmets interior. She hoped the guy would stop talking soon so she could hurry up and start. Her friends at school had talked non-stop about a flying llama in the game. It was the first thing she wanted to do. “Alright, I started the program. It might feel a little scary at first, but it will be over real quick. I’ll count down with you. 10, 9…”

Becca gripped the armrest as many different colors began floating in her vision. “8, 7, 6…” A strange lightheaded sensation came over her. She had to lean her head back against the headrest and close her eyes. “5, 4, 3…” She clutched the armrest tighter as she felt the room around her beginning to spin. Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea. “2, 1.” The teenagers voice began to fade away as he counted down the last of the numbers, until all was silent.

When she no longer felt her world spin, she opened her eyes and let out an audible gasp. No longer was she in the chair in the Sphere Center at her local mall, but in the heart of Llama Land. Except…it wasn’t at all what she had been expecting. Instead of the bright and happy town, she stood on the foundation of the crumbled remains of the town hall. Everything around her was dark and dreary. The gardens full of flowers and plant life in the advertisement were all withered and decayed. The towns’ windows broken and shattered.

Becca inched herself forward as she looked around at all the destruction. What happened? This wasn’t anything like she heard it would be. There was a sudden rustling noise behind her. She spun on her heels to find many shadows on the walls slinking away. She followed it relieved to see a fuzzy brown llama from the game trotting over to a group of them. They were all bent over eating something. Becca approached with slow steps. This game didn’t feel right. What should she do?

A prompt from the game appeared in her vision. Lost? Try asking for directions. Say, ‘Excuse me, could you tell me the way into town?’

“Ex-excuse me,” Becca stuttered, “c-could you tell me how to get to the town?” Their heads popped up and looked at her. Becca shrieked and stumbled backwards. Their faces and fur was matted with blood. She looked to the thing they were eating. A body. A human body.

“A fresh one!” One of them hissed. “Get her!”

Becca ran and ran and ran. No matter how much she ran she never got farther. She could hear their thundering hooves approaching behind her. She looked up. They were in front of her. She tried to change direction, but they were everywhere cornering her on all sides. “LOG OUT!” She yelled. An error message appeared. “LOG OUT LOG OUT LOG OUT!”

She eyed the llamas. Their eye sockets were empty and dripping with blood. She could hear them whispering and laughing amongst each other. Their mouths distorted into horrid smiles. Their faces started to melt into a puddle on the ground. Drip. Drip. Drip.

Becca backed into something hard. She looked behind her. A door? That hadn’t been there before. There was nothing attached to it. No walls or buildings. It was just a decayed wooden door standing by itself as if held up by air. She turned the knob and opened it to reveal a room. She ran inside, stopped, and let out an ear-curdling scream.

Becca jolted awake in bed. Her nine-year-old body trembled as it shook with violent sobs. She cried and hugged her knees to her chest. Her pajamas clung to her with sweat. Another llama nightmare. How many had she had since the day she played the tampered game?

She could hear her father and brother standing outside her bedroom door. They discussed whose turn it was to check on her. She wiped her eyes on her sleeve as someone knocked on her door before opening it. It was Brian. He gave a weak smile before he sat on the edge of her bed. They sat in silence except for the occasional sniffle from Becca.

“You wanna talk about it?” He asked. She shook her head. She feared talking about it would make her have more. “You need anything?” She whimpered and reached her arms out to him. He chuckled and scooted closer, before wrapping his arms around her in a tight hug. “It’s okay, Becca. You’ll grow out of it.” He broke apart after a good twenty seconds with a cringe on his face. “You’re all sweaty.”

Becca let out a weak laugh and a quick “sorry.” Brian un-peeled the electrodes off her head. He got up and checked the dream tracker on her nightstand. He watched a few bits and pieces of her nightmare before switching it off. It was the same one as always. “You should take a shower.” Becca agreed and crawled out of bed. She walked into the hall and ran into her mother, Heather. Becca hung her head as her mother scowled. Heather muttered something under her breath before she disappeared back into her bedroom.

*311*2016-05-13 03:04

{{11 minutes ago, Minervafan110 said:

That was Awsome different from My Little Ponies though but same concept

}}

Yeah, I added a scene about the bodies being discovered, the door, and her relationship with her family. Tried to show more awkwardness between people, and built tension early on between her and her mom.

*314*2016-05-14 00:02

{{11 hours ago, Jeffery Mewtamer said:

Well, this version of chapter 1 certainly feels more like it could lead up to the Sanitarium Arc. Your writing is great, but the aspects of Sphere Society on the meatspace side of things came out of left field with how there was no mention of them in the original version of the Recruitment or Academy Arcs, even with the explanation that Becca's family lives in Alaska and is somewhat insulated from the dystopian version of ultra-conservative gender roles.

Also, Baby Mama Llama. Brilliant way of replacing MY Little Pony with a copyright friendly parody without making it obvious that its a parody.! And the voucher for the partial dive is a great bit of subtle foreshadowing that Becca is the victim of unethical psychological research.

}}

Yeah, I'm going to try and blend it in better when I go through and re-write it. Show what it's like for her growing up in school. Maybe have Becca be a suspect from the very beginning.

Lol thanks ^^

*316*2016-05-15 10:00

I think this version of the first chapter came out better without the app.

Becca Strokes sprinted forward into the mall store leaving behind a trail of dirty snow in her wake. Her bright green eyes were alight with youthful exuberance and exhilaration as she took in her surroundings. Her chocolate smeared lips curled upward in a large smile that nearly stretched to her ears while propped up on her head sat a pink bedazzled crown which read ‘Birthday Girl’ in large pink letters. The teenage boy who followed, however, meandered forward as if he was walking into his own demise. He gave one last pleading look to the raging winter storm in silent prayer it would swallow him whole. When it did not, he heaved a heavy sigh before heading inside; shoulders slumped in prospect for what waited for him on the other side of the door.

There were many things Brian Strokes would rather be doing on his Saturday afternoon than babysitting his little sister—like getting a root canal, or shoveling snow from the entire neighborhood by hand in a blizzard. Instead here he was playing chaperone because his parents didn’t like to leave the security and isolation of the house. Hardly anyone over the age of 18 left the house unless they absolutely had to.

The weather had nothing to do with it.

“Becca, slow down.” Brian said. She ignored him, too hyped up on sugar to stay still any longer than three seconds. Not only was it her birthday, but it was her fifth birthday. Being five was a very important year. Being five meant she could log into the Sphere. She had found a voucher in the mail for a free partial dive for her birthday from the Sphere Center, and after much begging, pleading and crying, her parents had relented. Only under one condition though: that her brother log in with her. So now here he was, getting yanked by the arm by his five-year-old sister towards the display of games.

Becca knew the exact game she wanted to play. Baby Mama Llama Drama. It was the latest craze these days. It was on T-shirts, backpacks, Tv, video games --she had even had a Baby Mama Llama Drama themed birthday party. Brian always said it was a show used to brainwash kids. It shoved the government’s political agenda down their little, unsuspecting throats. Becca loved the silliness of the show, and all the mischief the characters got into. Brian said the underlying purpose was to teach kids the “gender norms” of the current society. Women stayed home and had lots of children while the men worked. She had no idea what he was talking about.

On the way to pick out a game off the rack, she noticed the other people in the lobby. They spread out the room as far from each other as possible, as if everyone had an infectious disease. They all sat still and silent. No one spoke. No one made eye contact.

Brian scowled when Becca presented him with the cover of the game she wanted to play. “Why is no one talking?” She asked, as they walked towards the counter.

Brian looked around before responding. “Not everyone is comfortable with being around people yet, that’s why they’re here. To learn through games.”

“They can’t talk? I can talk good!” Becca boasted.

Brian hushed her and tried to explain. “Shh, keep your voice down. Most adults weren’t raised like people our age. Face to face interaction is still new to them.”

“Hi there!” An employee said. He looked down at Becca and smiled. “Is today your birthday?” Becca nodded her head, and hid behind her brother. The teenager working behind the counter chuckled.

Brian rolled his eyes. “What happened to miss-I-Talk-Good?” He shook his head while she cowered behind him. “We have a coupon for a free partial dive. It came in the mail for her. I didn’t know you guys did birthday mailers.”

He scrutinized the piece of paper. “We don’t-- at least not that I’m aware of.” He slid the paper’s barcode under the scanner before it beeped. “Oh, well I guess we do now; it accepted it as payment. Have you picked out a game yet?”

“Two dives in llama land.” Brian said, his eyes nearly rolled out his head. He sent a last pleading look to the teenager working the register that said, Please help me. “Can’t believe mom’s making me do this with you.” He eyed the cover with distaste as some kind of unicorn llama hybrid smiled up at him.

“You know, these games are safe.” The employee tapped the E rating on the cover. “There’s no way she could get hurt in a game like that, so you could always play a different game while she does this one.”

Brian groaned, “I know, but our parents are making me--.” The sudden shrieking of an alarm filled lobby of the Sphere Center as everyone covered their ears. Heads turned left and right in rapid succession in search of the source of the cacophony that dared to interrupt the peaceful silence of what should have been an uneventful day. But today would be far from uneventful for one member of their two-person party—And it all started with the Emergency Broadcast System.

Brian expected to hear a weather report. Leave it to the weather station to begin sounding the alarm for a blizzard they were already halfway through. But it wasn’t about the weather. What was announced over the intercom that left him so speechless? The local discovery of bodies. Plural.

An unsettling silence greeted the end of the speech. No longer was the lobby full of the anxious fidgeting of the socially awkward, or the scratchy clearing of throats. All that was there was a silence so eerie you could hear a pin drop.

“It’s been going off every hour.” The employee named Victor said. “A guy working the docks found the bodies this morning in one of the warehouses used to store fish. They say it’s the biggest body dump Alaska has ever seen.”

Brian’s eyes went wide. “Are you serious?”

“It gets weirder! All the deaths were ruled as suicides. Every. Single. One of them.” Vincent nodded his head towards the back room. “They’ve been playing the interview of guy that found him. Poor dude’s practically in hysterics! Could you imagine walking in on that? Police suspect they were tortured before they died or something. Everyone killed themselves with their own bare hands! Some of them even had finger nail marks going down their faces!”

A shiver went down Becca’s body, but it wasn’t from the cold. She could feel all the hairs on her arms and neck stand on end. She gave Brian’s jacket a tug to get his attention. “I want to play my game.” She whined.

“They’ll play the interview again in a few minutes if you want to see it.” Vincent offered.

“I don’t want to see it!” Becca said. “I want to play my game!” She tugged hard on Brian’s hand.

“I can’t. I have to stay with her. I want to though.” Brian frowned before looking at the Tv, then back to Becca. “Do you think you could play by yourself?” Here was his ticket to escape presented on a silver platter. Becca smiled wide at the opportunity presented to her. He was letting her be alone? Being five rocked! “Look, don’t tell mom and I’ll take you back next week.” She nodded her head with renewed vigor and let out a high-pitched squeal of excitement. Brian smiled in relief; in fact, it was the first real smile he had worn all day. He could watch the news, while she could play her game. It was a win win! What could possibly go wrong in a little kid’s game after all?

Chapter Two

“Alright, has she been here before?” Victor asked.

“No” Brian said. He gave Becca a gentle nudge behind the counter once Victor said they could come back. He tried to herd the little girl towards the scanner, but his efforts were nearly futile. He might as well have been trying to herd a cat. When he finally managed to coral the small child, he pointed straight ahead at a blank wall and told her to look. Her eyes went wide as an exact replica of herself projected in front of her.

“Pretty cool, huh?” He smiled a little at her amazement. “Now all you have to do is think about what you want to look like.”

“Woah!” Becca said. She giggled as she imagined herself with different shades and styles of hair. Brian rolled his eyes, but at the same time, pleased to see her having so much fun. After ten minutes of this, he had to tell her to choose something; he didn’t want to be here all day. She almost picked an avatar with long green hair and violet eyes, but settled on a little girl her age with curly brown hair and blue eyes instead.

Brian looked at her in disbelief, before he shrugged his shoulders signaling his indifference. So much for kids having an imagination, he thought. “Now all you have to do is name her.”

The words ‘Welcome, Sasha,’ appeared in big, bold text above the image, while underneath stood Becca's avatar dressed in light green sweater and jeans.

“Isn’t that the name of our next door neighbors husky?” He asked.

“N-no! I just like it!” She said, sounding a little too defensive as she crossed her arms with a pout.

“Whatever, c’mon, Fido,”

Victor led Becca towards the back hall, around the corner and towards room number twelve, while Brian diverged to sit in front of the Tv. As Becca walked, she craned her neck and turned her head in all directions, pointing and commenting on every little thing she saw. There were so many things to see! Advertisements for the latest and most popular dives covered the walls.

One projection showed two boys decked out in chain mail, each sporting an enormous sword twice the length of their arm. As they fought, steel clamored and clanked against each other with every blow as a giant fire-breathing dragon stood above them. As Becca and Victor triggered the motion sensor, the dragon blew hot air in their faces as they passed by.

Another image showed a deep-sea dive while various kinds of fish and sea life swam around a man in a scuba diving get up. Victor almost had to drag her away from one display, which featured two girls sporting black cat ears and tails while they stood in provocative posses and winked at the viewer.

“Kitties! I want to go in the kitty one!” Becca said. She frowned in confusion at the teenagers’ reaction.

“No! Not for kids, sorry.” Victor said with a chuckle as he guided her forward into the nearest room. Becca looked around the room, her once wide jubilant smile quickly faltered.

“Where’s the llamas?” She asked, taking in the plain room with a single chair and strange helmet.

“Don’t worry, there’s llamas.” He motioned for her to take a seat. “Now since this is your first time, let me explain how this is going to work. We’re going to put this helmet on you, count to ten, and when you come to, you’ll be in LlamaLand.”

Becca sat down in the leather recliner as the guide leaned her back down. “You ready?” The little girl nodded her head before a large spherical helmet lowered down over her eyes. She wrinkled her face in disgust as a wave of stale sweat greeted her nose.“Now, if you want to log out for any reason, all you have to do is say the words, ‘I want out’. A screen will appear and ask you if you want to log out. You can say, ‘yes,’ or, ‘no.’ ” He explained.

Becca gave him the thumbs up signal and hoped he’d stop talking soon so she could start. Her friends at school had talked non-stop about a flying llama in the game. It was the first thing she wanted to do. “Alright, I started the program. It might feel a little scary at first, but it will be over real quick. I’ll count down with you. 10, 9…”

Becca gripped the armrest as many different colors began to spiral around in her vision before forming intricate shapes and patterns. “8, 7, 6…” A lightheaded sensation began to come over her so she put her head back against the headrest and closed her eyes. “5, 4, 3…” She clutched the armrest tighter as she felt the room around her beginning to spin. Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea. “2, 1.” The teenagers voice began to fade away as he counted down the last of the numbers, until at last all was silent.

When she no longer felt the intense waves of vertigo, she opened her eyes and let out an audible gasp. No longer was she in the chair in the Sphere Center at her local mall, but in the heart of Llama Land. Except…it wasn’t at all what she had been expecting. Instead of the glistening and jolly town, she stood on the foundation of the crumbled remains of the castle. Everything around her was dark and dreary. The gardens full of flowers and plant life in the advertisement were now all withered and decayed. The windows of shops and houses had been broken leaving pieces of grass scattered about.

Becca inched herself forward as she tried to grow accustomed to walking without feeling the ground underneath her feet. She could make out the crunch crunch crunch of her shoes on gravel, but felt no pressure or resistance when her feet met the ground. What would have been an enjoyable feeling similar to walking on air; it only added to the perplexity of her surroundings while she took in all the destruction. What happened here? This wasn’t anything like she heard it would be.

Becca heard a sudden rustling noise behind her. She spun on her heels to find many shadows on the walls slinking away. She followed it relieved to see a fuzzy brown llama from the game trotting over to a pack of them. They were all bent over eating something as Becca approached with slow, cautious steps as not to disturb them. This game didn’t feel right. What should she do?

A prompt from the Verbal Assistant appeared in her vision. Lost? Try asking for directions. Say, ‘Excuse me, could you tell me the way into town?’

“Ex-excuse me,” Becca stuttered, “c-could you tell me how to get to the town?” Their heads jerked up simultaneously and stared at her. Becca shrieked and stumbled backwards from the sight of their faces and fur dripping with the blood of their meal. She looked to the thing they were eating. A body. A human body.

“A fresh one!” One of them hissed. “Get her!”

Becca tried to run, but not matter how much she ran she never got farther. She could hear their thundering hooves approaching behind her. She looked up. Now they were in front of her! She tried to change direction, but they were everywhere cornering her on all sides. “LOG OUT!” She yelled. An error message appeared. “LOG OUT! LOG OUT! LOG OUT!”

She eyed the llamas wearily. Their eye sockets were empty black holes that dripped with blood. She could hear them whispering and laughing amongst each other. Their mouths distorted into horrid smiles before their faces began to melt into a puddle on the ground. Drip. Drip. Drip.

Becca backed into something hard. She looked behind her. A door? That hadn’t been there before! There was nothing attached to it. No walls or buildings. It was just a decayed wooden door standing by itself as if held up by air. She tried the knob, relieved to see it turn. She pushed the door open to reveal a room. With no time to be surprised, she ran inside, and slammed the door shut behind her right as the llamas charged into the door. Becca jumped away from the door as they began to charge at it over and over. It shook and rattled with every impact. She spun around to explore the room she had entered, but froze in place as her eyes adjusted and took in her new surroundings. She let out an ear-curdling scream and--

Becca jolted awake in her bed from the sounds of her own screams. Her nine-year-old body trembled as she shook with violent sobs as her heart hammered inside her chest. She bawled and hugged her knees to her chest. Her breaths came in short rapid succession.

Another llama nightmare. How many had she had since the day she played the tampered game?

She could hear her father and brother standing outside her bedroom door while they discussed whose turn it was to check on her. Someone knocked on her door before opening it. It was Brian. A fresh wave of tears overtook her as they streamed down her face and obscured her vision. She could feel the snot trailing down her nose as she tried to wipe it away with her sleeve. Brian flashed her a weak smile before he sat on the edge of her bed as it caved with his weight. She immediately crawled over to him and wrapped her arms around him tightly as if to prevent him from floating away. He held her gently in his arms as he slowly rocked her back and forth until her anguished cries turned to slight sniffles.

“You wanna talk about it?” He whispered, once she had calmed down enough to speak. She shook her head. She refused to talk about it. She feared talking about it would make her have more, despite her shrinks’ contradictions. “You need anything?” She shook her head again. “It’s okay, Becca, it’ll be okay.” She rested her chin on his shoulder as he patted her back a few times.

Brian was always the best at calming her down after an episode. Words of comfort came naturally to him, and the awkwardness of physical contact had dissipated around the tenth time he had had to sit with her in the night. Tonight probably marked around the hundredth time for him. After four years it had become routine. Her shrink had told her she needed to find somewhere she felt safe when she experienced her “flashbacks” and that place for her was with him. She always wondered if the only reason he sat with her at night was because he felt partially responsible for what happened. She honestly didn’t care he had left her; she couldn’t even remember that part. He hadn’t tampered with the game; therefore in her mind he wasn’t responsible. If anything good had come from this, it was that they were much closer now.

Brian leaned over and un-peeled the electrodes off her head before he got up and checked the dream tracker on her nightstand. He watched a few bits and pieces of her nightmare before switching it off. It was the same one as always. “You should dry out your shorts and take a shower.” Becca agreed and crawled out of bed.

As she crept into the hall, she ran into her mother, Heather. Becca hung her head as her mother scowled, before she muttered something under her breath and disappeared back into her bedroom. Becca stood alone in the hallway trying to fight off a fresh wave of tears.

She made her way to the bathroom and wrung the water out her shorts over the bathtub. The shorts contained a chemical in them to transmute any liquid into water—not drinkable water, but she didn’t have to worry about making a mess if she leaked. All she had to do was dry them, and they were ready for another night. Bedwetting was just another side effect of her PTSD; it went hand and hand with the nightmares. There was never one without the other. It just was what it was.

After a quick shower and change of clothes, she hurried back to her room to find Brian still waiting for her. He gave her one last hug, tucked her in, and told her what he always told her after an episode. “Things will be better tomorrow.” Maybe one day she’d even believe him.

*320*2016-05-27 23:20

What? Suddenly getting bombarded by all the unapproved messages. Squee!!

Anyway, I'm sorry, but. . . I've been sort of holding out on you guys. I may have 4 other chapters about Becca's childhood that I've been working on and not posting. I've been working on some childhood scenes to submit to a publisher. Anyway, I only have three more chapters to go, and then I promise I will pick this back up. I haven't forgotten. And I'll admit, that last chapter really sucked and I might just scratch that from the record and start over. It could be why I'm so stuck >.<

This isn't dead! Just on hiatus.

*324*2016-05-30 00:11

I AM working on a new chapter now ; D But in order to understand it, I'll have to post a bit of the re-write. Enjoy :)

Chapter Three

Becca sat in class struggling to stay awake as her teacher droned on about the history of the Sphere and the Great Silence—the era where humans no longer communicated with each other face to face. With the rise of technology came the decrease of social skills, and with the decrease of social skills came the drop in birth rates. When the population dropped to an all time low—a state of emergency was called. So they created the Sphere to counteract the declining population by using virtual reality to teach social skills through games. People could interact with each other, but still have the anonymity they craved by using digitally created bodies known as avatars with their consciousness projected inside of them. On screen prompts would teach them the right words to say, until they felt they no longer needed them.

Once a child turned five, they were taken to a Sphere Center and enrolled. There in the Sphere they would be taught everything they needed to know. Left from right and right from wrong. Their generation was the first to escape the Great Silence.

Becca’s eyes drooped. How many times had she heard all this before? Mr. Brenard’s voice droned on in a monotonous pitch lulling Becca to sleep. The nightmares were beginning to take its toll on her body during the day. No, she needed to stay awake! The heart rate detector built into her desk was flashing her a warning message. But her teachers’ words were becoming a jumbled mess of nonsense as they drifted in one ear and out the other. The desire to lay her head on her desk and close her eyes was overpowering. Her desk flashed its last and final warning for her to wake up.

A sudden jolt of electricity surged into the chair. Becca let out a startled cry as she jumped in the air now wide-awake. Mr. Brenard sighed and shook his head. “Becca, please stay awake. This is the third time you’ve fallen asleep in class this week.” She nodded her head, despite the urge to correct him that it was only her second offense. She could hear the snickers of her classmates beside her. She didn’t bother looking, she knew who it was. Derrick Ashton -- her brothers’ part time apprentice and the bane of her existence. Just one more year, she told herself. He was 14 now, and in one more year he’d be leaving school to work full time with her brother.

Boys came of age when they turned 15 and left school to take on an apprenticeship for a trade around town. Girls came of age when they started their periods. The girls would then be put into the system and expected to find a husband. They had until they were 18, if they didn’t find a partner one would be assigned to them. Love was not a determining factor—the ability to love had all but died out with people’s ability to communicate. Besides the relationship she had with her mother, Becca’s family was the exception; not the rule. Theirs was to be the generation that changed things—the generation that learned how to love.

When Mr. Brenards speech came to an end, he announced it was time for their math lessons. Becca stretched out her arms and legs before reaching towards her helmet hanging on the corner of her desk. Lessons were done in virtual reality by digitalized tutors, which catered to each individual child. With only 15 kids in the school, it was pointless to divide them all by age. Mr. Brenard was more of a babysitter than anything. He sat at his desk and watched to make sure they went to VR and wrote equations in the air on their invisible chalkboards.

When Becca was about to put her helmet on, he approached her desk and stopped her. “You need to go to bed earlier and make sure you get enough rest for school. You’ve been making it a habit of falling asleep in class.”

“Sorry,” she mumbled. She wasn’t about to explain the real reason she hadn’t been sleeping.

“Have you started on your class project?” She shook her head. The class was supposed to give a presentation of their goals in life. Boys got to talk about their career paths while girls presented their ideal house and husband. Even at nine she was struck by the unfairness of it all. What if she didn’t want to get married and have kids? What if she wanted a career? She didn’t know what she’d do if she could have one, but she longed for the option. “Your grades have been slipping, Becca, what’s the matter?”

“What’s the point?” She finally asked, meeting his eyes. The eye contact made him uncomfortable, so he looked to the corner of her desk instead. A trademark move for those who had been born during the Great Silence—communication didn’t come natural for them. “What’s the point of learning if I can’t use it anywhere? If I cant have a job—“

“You don’t need a job to apply the things you’ve learned here. What if you wanted to bake your husband a cake and—“

Becca sighed and looked away. “Nevermind,” she mumbled.

“Well, what is it that you want to do?” He asked. Becca reached for the helmet.

“I don’t know,” she answered truthfully. “Just not this. There’s got to be more than having kids. ”

“But society needs women to have kids; it’s the right thing to do. Don’t you want to do what’s right and help society move forward?”

“Can’t I do both? Why can’t I learn a trade AND have kids?” Becca asked.

He let out a frustrated sigh. “You know why, Becca, we’ve let technology raise our kids for us for so long, people don’t know how to love anymore. That’s why we need mothers to stay at home and teach kids what the Sphere can’t. You’re still young, Becca, you don’t understand the importance of your role in society yet.”

Becca shoved her helmet over her head to end the conversation.

###

“So, Becca, how are things?” Dr. Finnick asked. Becca shrugged as she sat down in her favorite comfy red recliner and pulled the recording from the Dream Tracker out of her backpack and handed it over. “Would you say things are the same, better or worse?”

“The same.” Becca mumbled. She watched the older man with the white, wiry beard as he reviewed the tape. She had been seeing the child psychologist on and off for almost four years now. “I had another nightmare last night.”

He pulled out a pen and began to take notes. “What happened after?”

“I had a panic attack. My brother came in the room and helped me calm down.” She looked around the room until she spotted what she was after—the fuzzy brown bear. She leaned forward and snatched it from his desk before squeezing it against her chest. Now she was ready to talk. She had given up long ago playing games like other children during her sessions. She had been coming here for so long she had gotten bored of them long ago, but the bear she had grown fond of. Becca never gave it a name; she just called it “the bear.”

“And your mother?”

Becca sighed and squeezed the bear tighter. “She doesn’t like that they come when I cry.”

He scribbled down her answer. “Why do you think that is?”

“Because she’s mean.”

“Do you think there’s any other reasoning behind it?” Becca ignored his question; she didn’t want to talk about her mom anymore. Instead she moved the bear around in her lap and pretended it was dancing. “Becca?”

She relented. “She thinks I’m too old to be babied. She thinks I’m doing it for attention—I’m not! I feel bad when I wake them up.” He remained quiet for a moment as he fiddled with the recording.

“Why do you think you keep dreaming of a door?”

Becca made the bear stop dancing in her lap, as she grew quiet before answering. “I don’t know; I don’t even remember seeing a door that day. There was llamas, and then my brother was there yelling at people.”

“What do you think is on the other side of the door?” Becca clamped down. She didn’t know if it was real or not, but the thought filled her with a sense of panic. “I think this door you are dreaming of is a sign from your subconscious mind wanting to escape from something happening in your life. Is there anything that’s been bothering you?”

Becca thought about it, but there wasn’t really anything bothering her other than the nightmares. She shook her head. “I don’t think so.”

He stared off into the distance for a moment stroking his grey beard. “How is school going? Are you working on anything?”

Becca sighed and said in a depressed tone of voice. “We have to do a project about what we want to be when we grow up.”

“Oh, and what’s wrong with that? Sounds like it could be interesting.” Becca swung her legs and kicked at the air in agitation.

“If I was a boy.” She grumbled. “Girls have to do a stupid project about a stupid house with their stupid husband and how many stupid kids they’re going to have!” He stopped his writing and stared at her for an uncomfortably long time. Did she say something she wasn’t supposed to? Was he going to lecture her too?

“Are you saying you don’t want any of those things?” She shrugged her shoulders again. She didn’t know quite what she wanted. Becca couldn’t help but feel a bubbling sense of agitation hissing and foaming within her like a pot of water left on the stove for too long.

“I don’t know.”

“Is there something else you want to do with your life?”

“I don’t know, maybe. School feels pointless if I have nothing to look forward to. All the boys already know what subjects that want to pursue for their jobs, and I have…” She left the sentence hanging and watched as he stroked his beard.

“I think it would do you good to have goals to strive for.” He dug in the drawer of his desk before retrieving a flyer and handing it to her. She looked it over feeling more confused by the second. A military recruitment flyer?

“The military?”

“Not as an enlisted solider, but there is a branch that works solely in the Sphere in avatar form. It’s a small group called the Sphere Protection Program; their main priority is to police the Sphere, and track down cyber crime.”

Becca stared blankly ahead like a deer caught in the headlights. What was he expecting her to say? Neat? Cool? She wished they were around when they tampered with it before? It’s not like they’d ever let her join; she was a girl.

“Given your history with Sphere crime, maybe this would be an avenue worth pursuing.”

“But I’m a girl!” Becca blurted out. “What about all that stuff about having kids and teaching them to love?” Why would he tease her like this?

“Becca, if you don’t want kids, you don’t have to have them. There’s no law that says you do. If there’s something out there that interests you, then pursue it.” She gave him an expression of pure disbelief. “Look at it this way, they’re not really rules…more like guidelines.” He said with a wink. “You’re nine years old; the law says you have to get married by 18, but that’s nine years away. Even that could change by then. The law didn’t exist nine years ago, and to be honest, I doubt it will exist another nine in the future. Social norms are constantly changing in the world we live in. You don’t have to sentence yourself to a life you don’t want. I’ll be honest with you; it won’t be easy. There will be people out there trying to pressure you into what they perceive to be your place in the world. But only you have an answer to that; only you can decide what your place in the world truly is.”

Becca nodded her head letting his words sink in. Could she really be more than a housewife? Her heart fluttered at the thought. She frowned when she remembered her teacher’s words. “But Mr. Brenard got mad at me for sounding like I didn’t want to be a mom.”

“The government tells teachers what they have to teach kids. I doubt he believes half the stuff that comes out of his mouth. No one can tell you how you have to live your life—even if they think they can. If you don’t like the way things are then do something about it. Be the first person who goes against the grain and swims upstream. Show them you are more than just a housewife. If you don’t like that your game was tampered with, then you do everything in your power to keep it from happening to others. How’s that for a goal?”

Becca nodded her head as her mind flooded with thoughts and fantasies of grandeur like a child being told they could become president. “One catch,” He said, sending her stomach dropping like a rock in a stream. “You need to do well in school; they only take the best.”

When Becca stepped out of his office, her head was reeling so much she accidentally carried the bear with her while her and her mom switched places. If Dr. Finnick noticed, he didn’t say anything. When the door closed behind them, her fantasies were quickly replaced by the usual anxiety of knowing the adults were talking about her. Was he telling her mom she didn’t want to be a homemaker? Would she be mad?

After what felt like much longer than usual, Heather emerged from the back office before Becca gave the bear back to the doctor and they went home. She worried her mom would go on the attack as soon as they got in the car, but neither said a word the whole way home.

When they entered through the front door of their house, Heather said, “Don’t spend all night playing video games; dinner will be ready soon. Go work on your homework. Don’t you have a project due in a few days?” Becca gave a half-hearted groan in acknowledgment before heading up the stairs to her bedroom.

What was she going to do about that project? She had to give a presentation to the class in three days and she hadn’t a clue what to do about it. What did she want to do with her life and what influenced her decision? Of course she was expected to talk about what she planned to do to support her future husband. What kind of wife was she going to be? How many kids were they going to have? She was nine! She didn’t want to think about any of this. It was depressing.

The conversation she had with Dr. Finnick played through her mind on an endless loop. Was he telling her the truth? Was there really a police force out there that worked in the Sphere? Even if they existed, would they take a girl? Becca went over to her computer and looked it up. Sure enough, the Sphere Protection Program was real. What would her future be like if she could join them? The more she thought about it, the more enamored she became with the idea. This. This was the answer! This is what she wanted to do with her life!

So what if…her project didn’t take the tone of a supporting role. What if she did her project on wanting to become a virtual solder? Would the class support her? She looked to the dream tracker. She had a reason. A good reason. She could use her nightmares as her influence.

Becca frowned and bit her lip when she thought back to the look of annoyance her teacher had when she questioned things. She’d probably get in trouble if she outright refused to go with the flow. But what about the things Dr. Finnick said? Could she be brave enough to take the first steps? She looked one last time to the image of the cadet standing tall and proud before she made up her mind. A smile slowly crept onto her face. Looks like she just found her class project.

Chapter Four

Becca bounced her legs anxiously in the back seat of their van. It was the day of the presentation, and she had put everything she had into this. Brian had helped her with the technical stuff. She didn’t understand half of it; all she knew she had to do was press play.

Brian had seemed more amused with her excitement when she told him all about the S.P.P. He said he was surprised she had never heard of it before. He even said they were the reason she had her very own Partial Dive System in her room. With wide eyes full of admiration, she asked if they had fought on her behalf, but his answer was a tad bit disappointing. All Brian had done that day was threaten to get them involved, and suddenly, the employees of the Sphere Center were tripping over themselves to right the wrong. They ended up settling out of court for an undisclosed sum—which included her very own home system before it even hit the market.

Turns out the employee who had set her up, Victor, was supposed to have watched what was happening on a monitor while she played. If he had been paying attention he would have immediately known something was wrong the moment she started the game. The weird part was, he swore up and down another kid had played the exact same game not even an hour prior and nothing was wrong with it. They never did catch who tampered with the game or why. They had always just chalked it up to an employee’s cruel idea of a joke.

Becca’s legs jiggled more and more the closer she got to school. There’s no turning back now. She could chicken out and say she didn’t do it, but she had worked so hard on this with Brian. He had only asked her fifty times if she was sure she wanted to do this. She had been so passionate about it last night, but now it was almost time and she could feel herself getting cold feet.

Her mom’s voice from the front seat caught her attention. “Nervous? Or do you have to go to the bathroom? We’re almost there.” Becca rolled her eyes. One time! She had had an accident in the car one time! She thought her mom was never going to let up on her nagging about using the bathroom before leaving the house. Heather even kept a pair of filtration shorts in the car for her just in case. She had been six! Six year olds think they can drink entire Big Gulps on long car drives with no consequences. Six year olds will also lick frozen polls just to be sure. (She wasn’t her parent’s favorite child that vacation.) On the bright side, she had completely put an end to all sibling squabbles over who sat where in the car. The back seat on the left hand side now permanently belonged to her.

“I’m just nervous.” Becca said. They pulled up to the school and she undid her seatbelt.

“Are you ever going to let me see it?” Becca shook her head. She had sworn Brian to secrecy for fear of her mom finding out and forbidding her from presenting it after all the hard work she had put into it-- more like all the hard work Brian had put into it, but whatever.

“Maybe if I get a good grade.” Becca said. Her normal apathy towards school showed in her grades. What? Was her future husband going to ask for her report cards?

“You two worked so hard on it; why wouldn’t you get a good grade?”

“Uhh, I got to go, thank for the ride!” Becca said, as she scrambled out of the van.

“Becca!”

The classroom buzzed with nervous anticipation for what was to come. Jake Hoptin, a twelve-year-old boy with greasy black hair and a nervous tick in his right eye, had brought in a large cut out of cardboard and had posted pictures of cars. He wasn’t very technically inclined. Ashley Gibson, the thirteen-year-old blonde who sat to Becca’s right, had brought in a very large and very old dollhouse. Those were the only two things Becca noticed that stuck out from the crowd.

The majority of everyone else came empty handed, meaning they were most likely going to be presenting in avatar form for less points. Seeing as how this project was more of a social skills exercise, the more out of your comfort zone you got, the more bonus points were added. And she was about to get very out of her comfort zone.

Ashley Gibson was the poor unfortunate soul who ended up having to go first. Her face was drained of color and she stuttered throughout her whole spiel. She showed off her dollhouse and said she dreamed of living in a place just like it. Her arms were shaking so much Becca worried she might drop it. Ashley hoped to marry an architect and have three kids. The other girls in class could be seen scribbling out and changing things in their speech to try and one up her—most likely on the number of children. Mr. Brenard seemed pleased with her efforts and the class clapped politely when she was done.

Because he selected students by drawing names from a hat, they went back and forth between virtual reality and in person. For most, being in avatar form gave people an extra boost of confidence because using your avatar was like speaking through someone entirely different. You could look like anything you wanted; it was like hiding behind a mask.

Becca bit her lip as the numbers of students who had yet to go began to dwindle. All the girls tried to one up each other with the number of children they planned to have until it became so ridiculous their families would need a bus to get around. Becca didn’t see the point—it wasn’t like there were government incentives like her parents generation. The population couldn’t have been doing too bad.

When it was Derricks turn, all the other kids “ooh’d” and “ahh’d.” He was going to apprentice creating Sphere Realms. Becca couldn’t help but roll her eyes. So he could bring items to and from virtual reality. Big deal. If it were anyone but Derrick, she probably would have been just as impressed. She wasn’t going to admit it though.

“All right, Becca, you’re up.” Mr. Brenard said. “Will you be presenting in person or in avatar?” Becca remained frozen to her seat. Two people had already chickened out, was she going to be one of them? No she had to do this! Why couldn’t she move? “Don’t be scared, go on.” Her heart hammered away inside her chest. Get up! Everyone’s looking at you! Ever so slowly, Becca managed to drag herself to the front of the room, black box in hand.

“There you go. How about you start off by telling us what you have there.”

Becca swallowed her anxiety and answered. “It’s my Dream Tracker; I wear it at night and it records my dream images to play back later. M-My therapist gave it to me.” She began. “O-on my fifth birthday—“ She paused to dampen her dried out lips. “On my fifth birthday I registered at the Sphere Center, but my first partial dive was…it was tampered with.” Her heart fluttered as she tried to talk about the details. She had never talked about it with anyone outside the family or her therapist—and even then rarely. But she needed to tell her story! It was the only way to get them to understand, but she could feel the beginning stages of a panic attack.

Becca tried her best to calm her breathing and went on. “I ended up with Post Tra-Traumatic Stress Disorder. It makes me have a lot of nightmares, and I have a hard time sleeping.”

“I’m sorry to hear that, Becca.” Mr. Brenard said.

She nodded her head in acknowledgement. “This is my influence for what I want to do with my life.” She looked away before hitting the play button on the device and showed the silent film from her mind. She kept her eyes closed while it played. Her palms dampened with sweat. Her breaths came in ragged gasps.

When the film ended about a minute later, she opened her eyes to find the confused look on her class mates faces. The room remained quiet; until Derrick blurted out, “Wait, so…you’re afraid of llamas?”

Becca’s cheeks burned as she reluctantly nodded her head. She wasn’t sure what she had expected to happen by playing the tape, but she hadn’t expected what came next. The room collectively burst into a roar of laughter. She stared at them dumbfounded for a few seconds, before turning to her teacher for help. Her heart dropped when even he too was chuckling.

When he saw the hurt expression on her face he said, “I’m sure that must have been scarier as a five year old. Calm down class and let her finish.” Her eyes misted over with tears. She could hear Derrick making screeching, and galloping llama noises as the class laughed harder.

When they managed to calm down enough for her to talk, she tried to tell them all about the S.P.P, but her words were getting jumbled in her mouth. Before she could get to the point of her project, Mr. Brenard cut her off. She assumed he knew where she was going with this. “I think that’s a wonderful idea, Becca!” Her eyes widened in surprise.

“You do?” She asked. A small smile began to turn the corners of her mouth as she exhaled her held breath.

“I think a member of the S.P.P. would be a great match for you! Being a victim of cyber crime yourself would make you a wonderfully supportive wife. You did a great job, Becca, that must have been very hard for you to talk about.” She nodded her head stunned. As she was walking back to her seat, her mind cleared. Wait, what? A supportive wife? He got it all wrong!

“NO!” She suddenly shouted. “I don’t want to marry a solder; I want to be one!” The class grew silent again trying to gauge if she was serious or not. When they realized she was, they burst out into laughter again.

“Becca, I’m sorry, honey, but you can’t be an S.P.P officer.” Mr. Brenard said, a sympathetic smile on his face. “Now let’s see whose ne-“

“Yes I can! I could do it! Dr. Finnick said I could if I got my grades up an-“

“Becca, he was probably just telling you that to encourage you to do better in school. They wouldn’t take you. Your responsibility as a woman is to help repopulate and-“

“I DON’T WANT KIDS!” Becca shouted over the noise. “I don’t want to be forced to be married! I don’t want kids! I want a job! I want to be a soldier!”

His once sympathetic smile fell into a look of annoyance. “We’ve been over this before; you know why you can’t be a soldier. That’s very selfish of you to say.”

“B-But…”

“I don’t want to hear another word about it! You should have just kept your mouth shut when I assumed you just meant you wanted to marry one. You would have gotten an A, now you’re getting a zero for your unpatriotic display. Now sit down.” Derrick let out a loud snort of laughter as the rest of the class snickered when Becca stood in place too stunned to move.

It wasn’t supposed to go this way! They were supposed to understand! Derrick held his phone in the air and a full size projection of a cartoon llama from the show appeared beside her. She let out a shriek and fell backwards.

“She really is scared of llamas!” One of her classmates shouted out. She peeked her tear-streaked face out from underneath her palms. Her set eyes on Derrick’s jubilant features. It was the last thing she saw from her spot on the floor before she lost consciousness.

When Becca came to she was on her feet. Her body was pinned by Mr. Bernard’s arms wrapped tightly around her armpits, which locked her in place. Her head was foggy. What happened? She looked down at herself and let out a gasp. She was covered in blood. A tiny voice from the back of her mind whispered, “You’re welcome.”

Chapter Five

She yelled, kicked, and tried to squirm her way out from his iron grip, but nothing she did loosened his tight hold on her. Unable to escape, she let herself go limp.

Why was everyone looking at her like that? Her classmates stared mouths agape. She looked around the room to find Derrick slowly sitting up, a hand clutched over his bloody and smashed up face.

Pain surged through Becca’s right hand. She looked down to find her fingers bent and slightly askew. Her knuckles were in the beginning stages of bruising, but it was hard to tell under all the blood that smeared them.

Mr. Brenard half carried and half dragged her to the back room. He let her go before slamming the door behind him. She looked up at him, eyes full of fright. She’d never seen him look so angry.

“What happened?” She asked.

“I was hoping you could tell me that.” He said. Ice dripped from his voice and his frigid glare made her shiver.

It was obvious what she had done, but…she didn’t remember doing it. Not like she had never fantasized about it before, but she’d never actually hurt anyone! Her broken fingers ached as a reminder that she had. But how though? She was nine! How could a nine-year-old girl beat up a 14-year-old boy twice her size?

He let out a sigh, sounding more disappointed than angry now. “Wait here while I call your parents to come get you. Don’t even think about leaving that chair.” Then he left.

It had been three hours since then. Fear of the unknown was gnawing at her insides. Not a single word had been spoken to her all afternoon and no one had entered the room since. Becca had never been in so much trouble before. Part of her wish she could stay in this isolated room forever so she’d never have to face what was coming, but the other more reasonable part wished they’d just hurry up and get it over with.

She hadn’t moved from her spot on the chair since she had been left here and her butt had long since gone numb. Her hand throbbed in quick, sharp pulses, now clearly swollen and turning purple. Whenever the anxiety of waiting became too much she’d focus her attention on her hand. It was the most painful thing she’d ever experienced, but it was still better than dwelling on the future.

Becca had never been inside Mr. Brenard’s office before—only the bad kids got put here. Now that she was here, she realized she was one of them now. There really wasn’t much to look at apart from a few educational posters that hung on the wall. His large oak desk was neat and tidy, except for a half eaten granola bar that sat on the corner.

The sight of the wrapper reminded her she was missing lunch. She doubted even if she had her packed sandwich with her she’d be able to eat it. Her stomach was in knots, and just to make her growing discomfort worse, she had to pee. Everything was always worse when you had to pee.

Becca squirmed in her chair. Should she try to sneak to the bathroom? It was only on the other side of the room. Mr. Brenard had told her not to move from the chair, but this was an exception, right? She got up and walked to the other side of the room, pulled the door open and frowned. What she thought was a bathroom turned out to be a supply closet. She’d have to sneak down the hall.

What if her teacher came back and she was gone? Would he think she had run away? She’d be in so much more trouble! Becca opened the door part way and peeked her head out. She could see her teacher sitting in a chair in front of the classroom. His head snapped around when he heard the creaking of the door. He scowled when he met her gaze.

“I told you not to leave the chair!” He shouted. She gulped as her lower body squirmed behind the door.

“I have to go to the bathroom.” She quickly added a, “please,” for good measure. He sighed and motioned with his hand for her to go. Relieved, Becca scrambled down the hall to the single toilet unisex bathroom.

Becca let out a yelp of pain when she went to undo the button on her pants. She tried to use her opposite side, but with her dominant hand out of commission it was a no go. Even if she could get the button undone, there was no way she’d be able to pull all three layers down with her left hand, let alone get them all back up. The thermals were tricky enough with two hands.

With her head hung in defeat, she walked into the classroom in hopes of soliciting some help from one of her older female classmates, but the room was empty now save for her teacher.

He took one look at her and shook his head. “I said you could use the bathroom; I didn’t say you could come out when you finished.” He pointed his finger towards his office, “go back, and wait for your mother.”

Becca bit her lip and let out a low whimper as she crossed her legs. “I need help.” He looked annoyed at her. She couldn’t understand it. He used to be so nice, now he acted like she was an eyesore.

“What are you, three?” She looked up at him, eyes full of hurt and held up her broken hand for emphasis. “And whose fault is that? You’re just going to have to hold it until you go home then.”

She let out a low whine. “I can’t.” She mumbled. He pinched the bridge of his nose with his fingers before he went out the front door and came back a few moments later with Ashley Gibson in tow. Ashley stopped in her tracks when she laid eyes on Becca.

“Please, just undue her pants before she makes a mess in my office.” Becca hung her head and walked towards the bathroom with Ashley trailing behind. She held the door open with her good hand and motioned with her head for the older girl to follow her inside.

“I thought you just needed help with a button.” Ashley said, looking her over skeptically. “Can’t I help you out here?” She stood her ground outside the door looking as if following Becca in would mean certain death. Becca held up her injured hand in hopes she wouldn’t have to spell it out. “Oh.”

“Please hurry,” Becca begged, dancing in front of the toilet while Ashley closed the door.

“Lift up your coat.” Ashley said. She undid the button and pulled the zipper down. “Umm, how do you want me to do this? Should I leave your underwear on, or—“

“Pull down all of it! I don’t care, just hurry!”

Once Ashley managed to shimmy down her pants enough, Becca plopped down on the toilet. “Uh, you want me to wait outside?”

“No point.” Becca mumbled, already half way done. At first all she could focus on was the relief. She couldn’t care less if the whole class was watching her, but now that the urgency was gone the absurdity of the situation was beginning to set in. By the time Ashley had her re-dressed, Becca’s face shined bright with embarrassment. “Thank you.” She mumbled as the last button on her pants was done up.

“No problem, I have to help my little sister all the time. She can never get her overalls on and off. I don’t know why she insists on wearing them.”

“How old’s your sister?” Becca asked, as she washed her good hand.

“Three.”

This did little to inspire confidence.

Becca let out a moan as she tried to rinse the dried blood off her hand.

“Oh!” Ashley said when she saw the extent of the damage. “You should get that looked at. Derrick already went to the hospital; you really did a number on him. Not like he didn’t have it coming. Freaked everyone out.” She opened the bathroom cupboard before pulling out a first aid kit. “Sit on the toilet.”

“I don’t even remember hitting him. The last thing I remember was being on the ground before Mr. Brenard was grabbing me. What happened?”

“You were crying, and then . . . you just stopped, got up, walked over to him, and beat him up. Just like that. Took three people to get you off of him.” Ashley looked over Becca’s hand for a minute before she pulled an instant ice pack out and filled it with water. Next she set it on Becca’s hand and held it in place with a wrap. “Your presentation was really something.” Becca hung her head. She didn’t want to think about what had happened. “I liked it.”

“You did?”

“You think any of us actually want what we wrote about?”

“Then what do you want?”

Ashley looked up as she finished wrapping Becca’s hand and smiled weakly. “To be a nurse.”

Chapter Six

When Becca and Ashley exited the bathroom, they were started by the appearance of a brown haired woman with emerald green eyes waiting for them on the other side. With her hands on her hips and a deep angry scowl on her face, she stared down the young black haired girl. Becca stopped in her tracks when they made eye contact.

“H-hi, mom,” Becca mumbled. She looked away from her and stared at the ground before Heather grabbed hold of her good wrist.

“Don’t you ‘hi, mom’ me!” Heather said. “What did you do Becca?” Heather pulled her daughter along the hallway towards Mr. Brenards office. After spending close to four hours inside, it was the last place Becca wanted to be. When they entered, her teacher was there waiting for them behind his desk with a look of smug satisfaction on his face.

He smiled coyly at her. “You get everything situated, Becca? Maybe you should get some pants with an elastic waist instead. Then you won’t have to ask for help every time you need to use the bathroom. I didn’t think you were going to make it.” There was amusement in his eyes as Becca’s face flushed red.

“I hurt my hand.” Becca mumbled, clarifying she didn’t need help every time. She could feel her moms’ eyes boring into the back of her head as she pushed on Becca’s back, guiding her to a chair. She hated when people pushed on her back like that. She didn’t need to be herded! She could hear her mothers “tsk” of disproval, and when she turned to make eye contact, Becca could see the discontent in Heather’s eyes that said ‘you’re too old to be acting like this.’

“The reason I’ve called you down here, Mrs. Strokes, is because of Becca’s ongoing behavioral problems.” He leaned forward over his desk a bit and placed his clasped hands on the desk in a worried gesture. “There’s been a. . . “He paused for dramatic effect, “situation.”

Heather narrowed her eyes in suspicion. “What kind of a situation?”

“Were you aware of the project the students were to present to the class? The one about their life goals?” Heather nodded her head and pursed her lips. “Were you aware of what your daughter presented to the class?”

“No, I wasn’t made privy to the subject of her report; her and her brother worked on it together.” He let out what appeared to Becca to be an exaggerated dramatic sigh. Heather furrowed her eyebrows close together in annoyance, which Becca perceived to be aimed at her.

“Your daughters project was. . . unsettling…to say the least. Her ideals and values are significantly warped, and the message she spread to the class was downright misanthropic. I would even go so far as to call it a hate crime against society!”

“What did she present that was so awful?” Heather asked. Becca hung her head. There was no way her mom would listen to her over his side of the story.

“Did you also know right after this eremitic speech of hers she attacked another student?” Heather raised her eyebrows. “I have the footage right here!”

“Play it.”

Becca didn’t want to watch, but she knew she needed to. She didn’t remember attacking Derrick, but it was just as Ashley said. Becca got up off the floor, walked a beeline over to his desk, and lost it. Her eyes watered in fear of what was to happen to her. The silence that filled the room was long and uncomfortable.

“Can you offer me some context?” Heather asked, her voice shaken and surprised. He shook his head. “Are you telling me she got up in front of the class, delivered some kind of anti-sematic hate speech, and attacked a student unprovoked?”

“Something along those lines.”

Heather’s hand reached over to the recording. “May I?” before he gave her permission, she rewound the footage and stopped. “Do you care to explain why my daughter was curled in a ball on the floor seconds before the footage you claimed was an ‘unprovoked attack?’”

Mr. Brenards calm demeanor quickly changed. “Well, there may have been a slight altercation beforehand.”

“Slight altercation! Is that a llama next to her?” Heather shook her head and let out a sigh. “Are you aware my daughter has PTSD due to circumstances involving that show?”

“Yes, she played us the footage from her dream tracker, but that’s no excuse to-“

“And you let them project her deepest fear in front of her?! And look! You’re laughing while my daughter is literally on the floor! It’s no wonder she attacked! This is clearly an act of self defense!”

“She was in no danger! There was no need to act violently!”

“Your students backed my daughter into a corner after she revealed her deepest fear to them and you did nothing! Her adrenaline kicked in, and with nowhere to run, she defended herself! You have the gal to sit here and tell me my daughter attacked unprovoked?” Becca stared at her mom mouth ajar. She had never seen her like this! “I want to see this so-called hate speech for myself, because I’m starting to not believe you!”

“Oh, I can assure you; it’s there.” He said. His faux pleasant demeanor was gone, and in its place sat the man she had been dealing with all day.

“YOU CALL THAT A HATE SPEECH?!” Heather erupted after seeing the full footage. She was seething. “What is wrong with you?”

“Her speech was nothing more than an egotistical rant of grandeur! You have any idea what would happen to the girls if her ideals infected their minds?” He said, his voice began to rise as well.

“What? They’d have hope for the future? Have goals? Heaven forbid! So what if my daughter admitted she doesn’t want to have kids? She’s nine! Half the time she tells me she doesn’t want to brush her teeth either.”

“You clearly don’t understand the situation at present.” He said. Heather let out a disbelieving snort. He continued,“ I have explained to your daughter numerous times why things are the way they are. This isn’t about capabilities, this is about sacrifice.” Heather stared him down while he continued his speech. “We may have escaped The Great Silence with the birth of The Sphere, but there are things it cannot teach our children. We’ve made improvements with each generation, sure, but humanity is still missing something. Communication is becoming easier, but we still lack the ability to . . . properly interact. Take your daughters ongoing behavior problems for instance.”

“Ongoing?” Heather asked with a raised eyebrow.

“She lacks the ability to interact appropriately with others. She sleeps through my lectures; it’s rude. During other students presentations she didn’t clap for others, but clearly expected others to clap for hers.”

Becca wanted to groan. “Only during Derrick’s,” she mumbled. Heather pressed a firm hand on her shoulder that said nothing short of be quiet!

“And lastly, with her most recent behavior. She attacked another student! I hate to do this, Mrs. Strokes, but I no longer feel comfortable having your daughter in my class if she’s a risk to injuring the male students. Their education is much more . . . necessary than hers.”

Becca felt like a knife had been plunged deep within her chest. He was kicking her out of school? Wasn’t her future important too? She sat in silence hoping he would change his mind. Surely her mom would fight this, wouldn’t she?

“I’ve never in all my life met someone as indoctrinated by the governments ideology than you! This is just a passing phase! All this talk of sacrificing this generation’s females for the next! Unbelievable! My daughter doesn’t have a hateful bone in her body! So what if she see’s the world differently?” Heather jumped to her feet with Becca’s arm still clasped in her grip as she pulled her up as well. “Not like I want you teaching her anyway.”

The ride home was silent and awkward. Becca could see her mother white knuckling the wheel as they drove. When they arrived, Heather stormed through the front door while Becca slinked along behind. She stood in the living room unsure of where to go. How much trouble was she in, she wondered. She sat in the recliner and waited. Tension filed her as each passing minute ever so slowly ticked by. Unable to take it anymore, she stood and took a few steps towards her bedroom.

Heather’s voice rang from the kitchen. “Becca,” She jumped a foot in the air. “Come help me make dinner.” Her heart beat madly in her chest. This was it. Good-bye, Brian. Good-bye, dad. Remember me when I’m gone.

She took a deep breath to steady herself and went in. With her back towards Becca, she pointed silently towards some vegetables that needed to be cut. “Uh, mom,” Becca said. Her voice cracked in fear. “I-I can’t, my hand.”

Heather let out an exasperated sigh. “Oh, Becca!” she said as she spun on her heel. “You probably just sprained it.” She unraveled the bandages before inhaling sharply and letting out a quiet, “Oh.” Becca’s right hand had swollen at least twice its normal size. Her knuckles shone a mixture of purple and black. “How did this get so bad in an hour?”

Becca whimpered as tried to pull her hand away as Heather lightly touched. “An hour?”

Heather looked up to see the confusion on her daughter’s face. “When he called me an hour ago, he said it had just happened, right?”

Becca shook her head. “It happened like an hour after you dropped me off. He had me wait in his office for around four hours first.” Becca retracted her hand again. “It’s why I needed help with my pants.” Heather let out another agitated sigh before waving a hand through her long brown hair.

“Back in the van then, we’re going to the emergency room.”

Chapter Seven

The town of Fawks, Alaska was a small, fishing community that housed roughly 300 men, woman, and children. Since the U.S had sold Alaska and other territories to help pay off debt some odd years ago, Alaska had been under Russian government control for quite some time. Solders sprinkled the town more for decoration, but ever since the body dump of four years ago, there presence was more pronounced. If they ever solved that mystery, it was never released to the public.

The center of town held most commodities, like grocery stores, police station, the post office, schoolhouse, the Sphere Center, and the town hospital. Housing circled around, with a few mom and pop businesses in-between—most family owned and operated. A deep and foreboding forest stood to the right of Fawks, looming for miles and miles in an endless maze of thick evergreens. A large guarded fence surrounded the forest to keep everyone out--except the hunters and military personnel. When Becca asked her father Trevor about it, he told her it was because the military was tired of searching for missing residents who wandered in and got lost.

Fawks General Hospital was a small twenty bed facility. Fifteen for inpatient and the other five sat in the emergency department. It was a modest center, but they had never needed more than five beds, in fact the most they had ever filled at one time was four due to an entire family coming down with a case of food poisoning. It was that night Becca realized she just wasn’t housewife material. Her vocabulary quickly grew to include several new words and phrases such as, “Salmonella,” and “cross contamination,” along with a few words she wasn’t aloud to repeat. It was then she also learned the difference between “tsp” and “tbs.”

Becca sat in the waiting room while her mom checked her in. She could hear Heather explaining her injuries to the man at the front desk, but she hardly even had a chance to sit before they were called back. There was hardly ever anyone here . . . as long as Becca stayed out of the kitchen.

A man wearing a pair of green scrubs led them down the hallway into one of the empty rooms and told them to wait. They could each hear voices on the other side that carried and echoed throughout the hallways. Becca listened in for a moment curious who else would be here, but her stomach quickly rolled at the realization of just who those voices belonged to. It was Derrick and his family.

“Why won’t you tell me who did this to you?” A man’s voice shouted on the other side of the wall. “Was it one of the solders?”

Becca clenched her good fist and squirmed in nervous anticipation. What would they do to her if they knew the culprit was next to them? She looked to her mother for reassurance, but Heather’s pale face was hardly reassuring.

When the Doctor knocked on the door with his fist and came in, they both jumped in their seat. They must have been more on edge than they thought. “Woah, sorry, didn’t mean to startle you.” He said with a chuckle. The E.R. doctor was one of the towns’ three doctors on staff. He was a short, blond man with hair that fell to his shoulder and deep brown eyes. He was also Ashley Gibson’s father.

Becca swallowed hard. He must already know, she thought. As he dug through the drawer for his scanner, he tried to make small talk. Becca could see her mother squirm as she tried to be polite. Heather was one of those adults communication didn’t come naturally to; she tried her best, but it was obvious she was ill at ease. Her mothers’ disposition during their encounter with Mr. Brenard had been nothing short of miraculous and jaw dropping.

“So, Becca, tell me, have your cooking skills improved since the last time I saw you?” Dr. Gibson asked in jest. Heather let out a muffled snort while Becca hung her head and blushed.

When he asked to take her temperature, Becca held out her left wrist as he waved the scanner over the chip imbedded inside her. All citizens of Russia-- and she assumed everywhere else-- had identification chips imbedded into their skin at birth. Inside the chips were stored everything you would ever need to know about a person: name, age, citizenship, temperature, heart rate, and blood pressure. The list went on and on. It held their currency; items were paid for with a swipe of their wrist underneath the scanner. It was also used to link user and avatar in the Sphere.

“Now, Becca, it doesn’t look like you have food poisoning this time,” he said with a playful smirk. “What seems to be the—Oh!” She showed him her hand. “What in the world did you do? It looks like you got in a boxing match with a brick wall and lost.”

“Something like that.” She mumbled. Becca let out a yelp of pain as Dr. Gibson tried to bend her wrist. He pulled from his pocket an X-Ray monocle and examined her hand.

“It looks like you have some pretty serious breaks. You’re going to need surgery to put your shattered bones back together if you ever want to use that hand again.” He looked up and saw the worried expression etched on her face. “Don’t worry, we’ll put you in virtual reality; you won’t feel a thing!” It made her feel a little better, but not by much. She had never had surgery before; she’d never even had stiches!

“Becca, before we begin, there’s something I need to talk to you about. This is very serious, okay?” She nodded her head and stared up into his brown eyes. “There’s a very injured young man in the next room who won’t talk about what happened to him. Do you know anything about that?” Her blood ran cold as she stared ahead too scared to speak. She tried to nod her head, but it wouldn’t budge. “Becca, my daughter just got back from school. She said it let out early today. She’s sitting in the break room. Why don’t you go say hello while I talk with your mom?”

Becca looked to Heather, who nodded her head. She bit her lip, but did as she was told. Once she left the room and closed the door behind her, she paused for a moment in an attempt to listen in, but the sound of approaching footsteps made her flee.

Becca found Ashlee sitting on the couch watching television in the break room. They smiled in acknowledgement as Becca waved her good hand and joined her on the couch. After a few minutes of silence, Becca spoke. “Thanks for your help earlier.”

“Did you really get expelled?” Ashley blurted out. Becca nodded her head. They sat in silence for a few more minutes. “I quit school today.”

“What, why?” Becca asked feeling shocked. Why would she of all people—“oh.” Now she understood. She became an adult in the laws eyes.

“Yeah,” Ashley sighed. “I tried to hide it for a few months, but . . .” She shrugged her shoulders and let out another sigh as she hugged her knees to her chest. “I’m scared, Becca, I don’t want to join the GWP. It sounds awful!”

The GWP, or the Good Wife Program. Girls were supposed to join after they stopped going to school in order to be trained to be, as the name suggested, good wives.

“Then don’t!” Becca said. “Can’t you talk to your dad? He could pull some strings, couldn’t he? This place doesn’t even have a nurse! You’d be great at it!”

Ashley smiled weakly and shook her head. “Do you remember Olivia? She’s so brainwashed now. I don’t want to end up like her. I’m scared.”

“Me too.”

$$

