Farm Animals

Author: bes31

*000*2014-01-17 06:05

Clang....Rattle....Boosh!

It was donning on James and Diane that maybe this was a bad idea.

BANG! Foosh. Ssssssssss

It was definitely a very bad idea and they were paying the price. James had his phone out, watching the weather reports.

Worst Storm in years... Horrible storm hits Wisconsin... Two dead from thunderstorm.

"We had to plan the party today." Diane spoke quietly, the thunder had quieted for the second, now the only noise in front of the two teenagers were the sound of the pouring rain. It drizzled very hard.

"Yeah, I don't know." James was sitting in the dirt inside the empty barn that the two had taken refuge. The barn was one of those barns that was painted red and you knew hadn't been inhabited in years. The smell of horse shit had nearly worn off. James and Diane had been on the road, coming back from the party when the storm the started. After a few minutes of trying to burst through the storm, they gave up and found the barn on the side of the road.

They jumped out of the car and ran for the barn, luckily the barn had close-able doors, but it was still damp, cold and scary.

"This report..." James spoke and stopped at the sound of thunder. "Says that the storm will calm in 2 hours."

"2 hours?!" Diane yelled at James, who had essentially given up on his personal desires. "I'm not waiting 2 hours for this to clear up, in a dumb barn." James and Diane had been boyfriend and girlfriend for only a few weeks now, they were both 18 and not too far away from college, yet they sprung up a relationship now.

James Clarke and Diane Thomas lived in a small town in the middle of Wisconsin, between farmland and god-knows where. A town of 5000 people that made all the kids of the grade pretty close, such as James and Diane. Though they were in a relationship, Diane had yet to feel truly comfortable with James and her personal side.

Which was an issue, because Diane was desperate for a piss. If James just watched Diane, who paced around in a blue t-shirt and a wavy skirt that went to the middle of her thighs. He would notice that she was constantly applying pressure around her crotch, her body was vibrating from the pressure inside of her. Hours of drinking soda and partying and not caring about her needs was harming her. She couldn't wait 2 hours.

"What else are you going to do, this storm would probably kill us." James reasoned with the startled Diane. "It's only two hours, how long could that be."

"No! You just don't understand."

"What?"

"I... I... I just..."

"What?"

"Oh never mind, I'll wait." James wasn't pleased with this answer.

"What are you trying to say Diane." James leaned back, feeling the soggy wood creak under his weight.

"Nothing. I'm fine." Diane sat next to James. Diane was always shy when it came to her bodily needs, she would hold her piss all day during school because of her worrying of actually asking permission to use the toilets.

"Are you hungry?" Diane shook her head. "Thirsty?" She shook her head again. "Are you needing to pee?" Diane shook her head one final time. They went quiet. Diane wanted to tell him, but she was too scared. She sat next to him, crossing her legs and kissing James.

"'I'm just in a lot of pain right now." Diane spoke directly to James.

"Oh..." A thought appeared in his head, not one he needed right now. "Oh. Ohhhhhhh"

"What?" Diane asked, she was visibly shaking. The cold weather grabbing her bare legs made holding this mammoth amount of piss even harder.

"Are you on your period?" Diane stared at James, confused why he would make that judgement.

"No! What would make you think that?"

"You said you were in pain and I ran out of options." In her staring, Diane forgot about her bladder. It made her pay, suddenly a squirt of hot liquid came from inside of her. She moaned and stood up. Diane bent over with all her force, it was only a squirt. But now a trail of liquid on her blue skirt. James was watching. "So you do need to pee."

Diane slowly lifted her head and nodded. Suddenly she was done hiding. Diane crossed her legs, holding the insane pressure from rupturing all over the place. Her right hand went from a hover to a hold and suddenly it felt as if her bladder was playing tricks on her. Diane grasped the edges of her skirt and pulled on them, she was so desperate she couldn't even believe it.

"Do you want to squat?"

"No, you would see me."

"I'll close my eyes."

"I'm fine." No she wasn't, she was definitely not fine. She had two hours and her body was already forcing out this mammoth hold out of her. She remembered the line at the girls bathroom at the party, as she neared to leave she saw the line and questioned whether to join. On one hand was the fact that she was getting a ride with her boyfriend and the line would take fifteen minutes or so. The other hand was that she really had to go.

"Come on Diane." James said to Diane, oblivious to her desperation. She decided to go into the car, in the car she bounced around as it started.

Another few minutes passed. Diane was incredibly desperate, and James was quiet. He was patiently watching Diane. James wasn't into desperation, but the way her body contoured in the short blue skirt from the movements completely turned James on. He watched as if Diane was a ballerina and James was admiring her movements. Diane on the other hand, was shaking. Diane's face was bright red, her body raising its pressure to force this tsunami of urine inside of her to keep still. Diane wasn't sure of when, but she knew that in the next five minutes, she would lose it. Her kidneys burned, her crotch was sore with the hold. Diane was absolutely mesmerized by her own desperation.

Suddenly though, Diane felt frozen. Like her bladder had locked up her body, she knew that she wouldn't be able to last more than 30 seconds.

"James." James looked up. "This is going to be awkward, but I need you to look away." James immediately moved his head away, not questioning.

Diane slowly, in her position rolled down her panties and lifted her skirt. She could feel the coldness, she could smell the urine, feel the relief.

But every time that she felt she was about to experience the wonderful relief, she would glance at James, whose head was still tilted away. Suddenly her sphincter became iron and she couldn't pee.

"What's going on sweetie?" James asked.

"I don't know, I can't pee." James looked at Diane, her lifted skirt barely covering her vagina.

"It's okay." James walked over to Diane, he slowly smiled. "I've been watching you for the past few minutes, your movements. I think you are the most beautiful person I knew. Diane began to blush. James placed his hands into Diane's crotch. "Let it happen, it will feel good."

At first Diane was reluctant, but she felt pleasure begin to happen. James rubbed her frivolously, his movements caused a jolt of passion inside of Diane. James began to kiss her on the lips. She began to bend her legs trying to stop the incredible pleasure of James motions, she knew if this was going to happen, she would lose it, on James.

"James. Stop." Diane tried to speak, but it was unhearable between her moans of pleasure. Her labia pulsated, her body began to climax. She let out a moan and suddenly her sphincter muscle turned to sand.

Before she knew it, she was wetting onto James. James just laughed as he pulled Diane to the ground. And the two hours went pretty fast.

