Full day hold-it challenge

Author: ashishgamer

*000*2014-06-23 08:55

I walked in the corridor, my hands dug in my crotch, taking really small steps. The toilet seemed so far away today. I don't know how I had suddenly become this desperate. I remember just 5 minutes ago, I was comfortably sitting in my chair, chatting to Alex. And then suddenly, this wave hit me and I started rushing to the toilet.

I finally reached the door and tried to unlock it. It was stuck. I pushed really hard and it swung open, but I also felt my bladder loosen up. My right hand quickly shot to my crotch, thus stopping the inevitable. But obviously this was my limit. I looked around to see that the whole washroom was empty. Even the corridors were empty. It was weird, but my current predicament didn't allow me to think about it now. I quickly rushed to a stall, leaving the door empty. I don't know why but I didn't even open my jeans and just sat on it. Then I tried to pee, but couldn't. 'That's weird. I am sure I have to pee really bad.' I thought. I tried really hard again, this time a few drops came out. I stopped. I felt the slight warmth in my panties. Then everything started becoming dark. Slowly, light came back but this time I was lying in my bed. I felt myself start peeing with full force, enjoying the relief. Then I realised that it was a dream.

Both my hands quickly shot to my crotch, trying really hard to stop while I ran like hell to the toilet. I saw the door opened, my room mate Jane brushing her teeth. I quickly undid my pajamas and sat beside her on the toilet seat. Then I started peeing full force, a smile of relief spreading on my face.

"Whoa. Easy there sweety. You are gonna leave Niagara falls behind! I have never seen you so desperate for a wee before." Jane said, staring at the flood coming out of me. It was pretty normal for us to pee in front of each other, though it was usually her peeing in front of me. Anyway, I couldn't have waited for her to finish before I could take care of my needs.

"Actually, yesterday, my company managed to bag a really huge contract, so I left early with my colleagues to party. I had a bit too much to drink there and was too tired to use the rest room after coming home. So I hadn't taken a piss in more than 18 hours, when I had peed in the afternoon break." I said, still peeing full force.

"Wow that's surely a lot. I would have surely wet the bed if I was holding back so much." She said, getting back to checking her teeth in the mirror. I looked at my panties and saw the small wet spot in it. I tried to make sure that she didn't see it by pulling up my pajamas a bit. "By the way, congrats on the contract!" She said suddenly, stopping my pee flow for a second. "Even I want a party."

"Ok." I said plainly, pulling up my pants and standing after peeing for about a minute."This is the first time I had to pee so bad. Actually, as a child, I didn't have bladder control. So, when I was 5, I had a surgery which made my bladder muscles really strong. So, even if I have to pee really bad, I hardly leak or spurt. That's why it's usually you dying for a pee, not me." I checked my pajamas to make sure that they hadn't got wet. Nope. Completely dry.

"Oh is that so? Though obviously you will pee yourself after holding for the whole day?" She said, clearly offended by my last statement. "No. I will just have to pee a bit bad but I certainly won't wet myself." I said, looking for my clothes, not wanting to stay in my wet panties any longer.

"Ok then, no peeing today for you I guess. Up for the challenge?" She said in the bitchy voice she uses when her ego is hurt. I stepped in the shower. I considered the challenge for a moment. Surely I will get really uncomfortable but I won't pee myself. Also, it will boost my morale after loosing faith in my bladder after I wet my panties.

"Ok done. But what will I get if I win? And if I lose?" I asked, even though I knew I wouldn't loose.

"If you win, I will wet my pants for the whole week, whenever you ask me too. But if you loose, that is, arrive home in wet pants, you will be doing the same for the next week." she said slyly. I smiled. "Get a few extra panties today for you, ok? You will be needing them for the next week." I said, winking at her as I got out of the shower. I went to my room and looked at myself in the mirror.

Hi! I am Emily, a 25 year old software professional working in Manhattan. I have long blonde hair and am 5"7'. My friend Jane is a brunette, 5"5', who works as a manager for a departmental store. Today, she challenged me too hold my pee for the whole day, which I think I can pull of easily. So, see you in the next part as I make it through the day.

*004*2014-06-29 08:37

Sorry for the late replies and thank you for all your positive reviews. I don't write much here so I didn't know if it would be liked. But I think the previous part was a bit too short and missed on a few details so I will be making this a bit longer.

I bit my lip as I took really small steps with my thighs pressed together. I checked my watch, it was 7. I had left an hour earlier. As promised to Jane, I had been holding all day. Till 12, I hadn't felt the slightest urge and had been keeping the liquid intake normal. But then, I felt a slight urge and minimized my liquid intake. But by 2, I was already bursting for the loo, considering the fact that I usually use it around 1. I had left at 6:30 and in a hurry to get home and relive myself, had taken the wrong bus which dropped me more than a mile away from my home. Obviously I couldn't take another bus for a mile but had to walk. Oh how I wish I was more careful!

Till now, there had been no leakage. But now I didn't think that I could hold it any longer, especially after getting out of the comforts of the bus. I looked around and saw that the streets were mostly empty. People usually took the cleaner, wider parallel street but this street would be shorter for me. Realising that no one was watching me, I dug my left hand into my crotch. I stopped for a second, crossed my legs and bent forward. It felt so good! Then I stood up and started walking really quick without removing my hand. I felt a huge spasm hit my bladder. That's when I felt the first drop escape. I stopped and gasped. I pressed both my hands tightly against my girl parts and fortunately, I felt a bit better. But as soon as I stood up, another drop went into my panties.

I couldn't take it any longer. Using both my hands to stop myself from creating a flood, I went into a nearby alley. Surely Jane wouldn't know if I let a few drops out. Obviously I couldn't empty my bladder, because she will surely ask me to empty it in front of her as a proof that I had been holding it. I went into the alley and lifted my black formal skirt a bit to let my right hand slide in my panties. I used my finger to keep the flood gates closed while I looked for a suitable spot. The alley was pretty empty, only a few plastic bags lying about and a large garbage bin at the far end.

I stood next to the garbage bin, lifted my skirt and pulled down my panties to my knee. 'Remember, only let out a little bit.' I whispered to myself as I squatted. No sooner had I squatted that a thick stream of pee came out from inside me, making a loud hissing sound which echoed in the narrow alley. I let out a sigh.

"Excuse me!" I heard someone call out from a distance. A young man of about 20 emerged from the other side of the bin. I stopped, pulled up my panties and lowered my skirt. I saw that guy coming towards me after he made sure that I was in modest state. However, I could no longer hold back the flood which was already coming out. A stream started coming again from me, making my panties wet. I held back with both my hands against the skirt, pressed my thighs together and jumped up and down. I was able to stop only after my panties were almost drenched and I could feel the wetness on my skirt.

"Sorry miss, but you can't relieve yourself here. My home is right above and it really stinks when people urinate here." He said in a stern voice, staring at the little act I performed. I had my hands tightly gripping myself, and I didn't care what he thought. He already knew I had to pee bad enough to have to relieve myself in such a dirty place.

"Uhm... I.. I am really sorry. But... actually... I need the loo pretty bad and I don't think that... uhm.... I will be able to wait until I reach home." I said, clearly embarrassed that now a really hot guy knew of my predicament.

"Sorry but you can't go here. My appartment is just on the first floor. If you want, you can use my toilet." He said, now realising what he was putting me through.

I couldn't decide whether I should accept his offer. He seemed like a decent guy, but I didn't know if I should use a stranger's toilet. But when I felt another drop escape into panties, I decided that I might as well use it.

"Okay." I said in a really soft voice, wondering whether even he heard it. He turned and started to walk. I followed him, not willing to take my hands away from my private parts for the fear of a flood hitting the city. I quietly followed him, my cheeks red with embarrassment. As I took a better look at him, I realised how good looking he was. He was probably not a day older than 20, was around 6, and had a really sturdy built. His white shirt clinged to him due to sweat and I could see he had worked on his abs. I felt my panties getting damper, though this time not due to pee.

