Daniel and Amy

Author: Barry

*000*2016-03-25 02:57

I'm going to have a crack at writing a story. I'm doing this all on my phone, so expect short chapters. Being more tedious using the phone, I'll try to be as descriptive as I can, but I don't expect it to be as good as it should be.

Chapter One:

Daniel stirred in his sleep. The harsh morning light had found a gap in the curtains, and a bright beam of unfiltered sunlight was finding its way across his face. He groaned softly, but knew by the quality of light that morning was well and truly here, and his alarm would be sounding shortly. He managed to prise his eyes open a bit and glance at his alarm clock. 6:54am, he had 6 minutes left before the radio would start blaring, and about 8 minutes before his mother would be knocking on his door.

Sighing softly, he reached over and slid open the top drawer of his bedside table. He rummaged under some papers and pens, and his fingers closed around something soft and squishy. He secured his grip, and pulled out the light blue pacifier. He slipped it into his mouth, and started to stretch out his legs, arching his back up off the bed, while causing a faint rustling sound. As he relaxed, and slumped back down he sighed. The heavy dampness between his legs had confirmed it. He'd wet in his sleep again. As usual.

He gingerly slipped a hand under his butt, rubbing the back of his pyjama pants and exploring the sheet by touch. Everything felt dry, so at least he hadn't leaked. He was aware of a slight need to pee, so that meant he had probably wet his diaper some time ago, and hadn't even stirred while doing so. This sort of start to the day used to bother him a great deal, and it still did, but he was sadly getting used to it. After all, when a person wets the bed nearly every night for the 14 years of their life, eventually the distress lessens and a grudging acceptance starts happening.

A quick glance at the clock, 6:58. He switched the alarm function off and lay back, quietly rolling the pacifier around in his mouth and taking in his room. There were posters of Beiber, 5SOS and Katy Perry. A small desk set against one wall for school work and stuff, and a larger one with a TV, PlayStation, and laptop squeezed onto it. The shelves held mostly books and model cars, but there was still a stuffed monkey looking down from the top shelf. Most of his other childhood toys had been boxed up and given away or thrown out long ago, but he had kept a few sentimental things.

He sighed again. He was growing up, and trying to. He wanted to as well. Puberty was starting to throw its first shadows over his boyish features. He was growing taller and filling out, his jaw was becoming more defined. While not exactly broken, his voice had changed a bit, and there was hair starting to sprout where there hadn't been any previously.

The problem was, puberty was also bringing with it some other problems, problems that most other kids didn't face.

Hearing footsteps on the stairs, he quickly stashed his dummy back under the junk in his drawer and closed it. Moments later his mother was knocking loudly on the door.

"Daniel! Time to get up mate! Breakfast is ready."

"Coming mum. I'm awake, be there shortly."

"Do you need to shower first sweetie?" She enquired politely.

"No, I'm good. It can wait till after brekky" he replied.

With that, he threw back the blanket and visually checked the top sheet for stains, thankfully finding none. Aware of the way his nappy sagged under his pyjamas, he put a dressing gown on and went downstairs for breakfast.

$$

*002*2016-03-25 04:04

Chapter 2:

As he negotiated his way past the kitchen, his mother leant over and kissed him lightly on the forehead before he could squirm away, then laughed at his embarrassed reaction.

"Don't pull faces. You're never too old for a kiss from your mum" she mock scolded him.

Daniel just smiled, and sat at the table, feeling the wet diaper squish under his bottom. He was used to being wet in the mornings, and it never used to bother him, but as he was getting older, he'd really hoped it would be over with by now. But not only was he still wetting the bed nearly every night, he was wetting heavier, and there was the day time dramas as well....

"How did you go last night darling?" His mother enquired. "Is the bed okay?"

He didn't look up, but mumbled into his cereal "The beds still dry, but I need a shower."

Sue, his mother just smiled kindly before saying "It's okay sweetie, keep your chin up. We'll get through this. Remember we're going to the new clinic tomorrow. Perhaps this Doctor Singh will have some answers. I meant to tell you last night but I forgot, I rang them yesterday and they have your files and x-rays. We will get some answers!"

"I know mum. But......it's just, I dunno. The bed wetting is bad enough, but not being able to, you know, like hold on enough during the day as well, it's, well, fucking stressful.

"Language Daniel!" She raised her voice. "I will not let you use vulgar language at this table. You're not playing around with your mates now you know!"

"I don't have any mates mum" came the heated reply, as his eyes started to glisten with unshed tears. "Nobody is gonna want to be mates with a 14 year old who wets himself like a freaking baby!"

His mothers voice softened. "Oh sweetheart. Don't stress. We'll get to the bottom of this together. It's pointless worrying about something we know nothing about. I know it's pointless saying don't worry, but what else can you do? Look at the bright side. You're in a new school, nobody knows about your little secret, and you're a great kid. You'll make friends alright. Just be yourself and let people in. Give 'em a chance. If you don't try, you can't expect others to try for you. Now get upstairs, have a shower and get ready. I need to leave by ten to eight."

Sighing, and aware he was sighing a lot lately, he got up and gave his mother a quick hug. He was also aware that the mild need to pee he had felt when waking up had now intensified, and was now suddenly strong. This had been happening a lot lately. A normal, mild urge to pass water would suddenly become intense, and if he didn't go to the bathroom right away, there wasn't any guarantee that he wouldn't have a slight, or even larger leak.

He hurried up the stairs and quickly entered his room. He had his own adjoining bathroom, so it did make changing or cleaning up a lot easier. He quickly went into the bathroom, where he hurriedly pulled his plaid pyjamas pants off, leaving him in just a white t-shirt, a saggy pull up, and white ankle socks. He used one foot to hook the back of the other sock to pull it off, while he reached for the side of the pull up with his hands.

As he pulled one sock off with his foot, he stumbled a bit. As he placed his foot down for balance, he felt his bladder let go. He stood stock still as a squirt escaped, then another one, followed by a trickle. He felt the already wet pull up swell and sag even more, and droop down between his legs. A trickle of warm pee found its way out, and ran down his leg onto his foot.

"Of course it would be the foot with the sock on it" he thought, as he found himself sighing again.

He turned towards the shower, pulled the pull up down at the front, and emptied his bladder into the shower. After turning the water on, he padded pants-less back into his room where he retrieved his dummy from the drawer. He took it into the shower with him, where he spent a minute or so just laying his forehead against the cool tiles with his eyes closed, as he let the water run over him while he sucked on his pacifier.

The pacifier was his secret. No one knew about it. He had found two of them in his old baby stuff a year ago when they had been cleaning out some old junk. This was just after the daytime accidents had started, and for some reason he had pocketed them and kept them in his room. Over the last year, he had worn one out, but still had this one. If asked, Daniel could not have explained why he liked it. He didn't want to be a baby, being a baby held no interest for him, but having said that he did wear a nappy or pull up to bed, and was now starting to wear them during the day as well. But he didn't think it was connected though. There was just something nice and relaxing about sucking on a pacifier, and he needed to relax after he lost control of his bladder like just now.

He straightened up. Time to face the day. He quickly washed himself thoroughly including his hair. He forced every last drop of pee out of him that he could, then stepped out and started to dry off. He glanced into the mirror, and was startled to see his reflection staring back at him with a dummy in its mouth. He had actually forgotten he was sucking on it.

"My God" he thought, "I'm going to have to be careful with that."

Back in his room once more, the paci stashed away, he got dressed into his school uniform. Grey shorts, knee length grey socks, light blue collared shirt, black leather shoes and a grey striped tie. He stuffed 2 pull-ups into an internal zippered pouch in his backpack, and added his sports clothes, a white t-shirt and black shorts, with short socks and sneakers.

He had been wearing a pull up under his boxer shorts most days, but sport was the first period, and he'd have to get changed in front of the other boys. It was easier to slip on his protection afterwards. He went and tried to pee again, and forced a dribble out. Sighing once more, he put his books into his bag, and headed out just as his mum started calling to him.

*003*2016-03-25 06:24

Chapter 3:

Daniel, his mother Sue, and his father Peter, lived in Perth, the capital of Western Australia, in one of the nicer, more affluent suburbs. Peter earned good money working as the head of an electrical team on various mine sites. The pay was excellent, but he was usually working a 2-and-6 roster, meaning he'd be away up north for 6 weeks at a time, then home for 2. Sue worked as a paralegal for a large firm, but only on a part time basis. The pay was good, and she was mostly able to be home by dinner time, and got to drop Daniel at school on the way to work.

Because of their combined earnings, they were somewhat well off, although not exactly wealthy. Daniel had attended private school all his life. From prep to grade 6 he was a happy and outgoing kid. The sort of boy who made friends easily and fitted in easily. He had reasonably good coordination as a kid, and played both cricket and soccer for his school. While never a star athlete, he enjoyed sports but still kept up his grades as well.

The only dark side he had, was his secret. He was a bed wetter. As a small child he had been late to toilet train, and was still wearing nappies during the day until he was about four and a half. But just as Sue was starting to despair with him, something clicked, and he got the idea of using the toilet worked out. Except for night times. He continued to wet the bed nearly every night, regardless of what they tried. At first, it was assumed he was just a bit slow with it, like he had been about his daytime training. Sue and Pete tried various things to combat it. No drinks before bed, bed wetting alarms, waking Dan during the night to go, as well as more than a few doctors visits. But nothing could be found wrong, nor how to fix it. Everyone just assumed (and hoped) that he would eventually grow out of it.

As he was growing up, he did wet his pants a few times while he was younger, but not anymore than a lot of kids do. These rare daytime mishaps seemed to just peter out by the time he had turned 9. This was taken as a great sign that as he was getting older, he was gaining more control, and it made sense that the night time accidents should follow suit and stop as well.

But they didn't. Poor Daniel continued to wet himself nearly every night. Occasionally, he would go 3, maybe 4 nights dry, and would really start to believe that it was nearly over, but inevitably he would wake up wet again. His best stretch was 6 days, just after his twelfth birthday. He convinced his mum that he no longer needed to wear protection to bed, but of course ended up saturated. He had cried for an hour that day, completely inconsolable about it.

After that, he was betting on puberty to be his saviour. He took a particular interest in his sex-ed and human development classes, and researched it himself. He had been convinced that when the great God of Puberty bestowed him with blessings, his night time dramas would end. It would open up a whole new world of sleep overs and camping trips with friends. He could stay at his nans house or his cousins without sneaking in his diapers, not that they didn't know about them anyway.

From his twelfth birthday onwards he was waiting with anticipation of puberty. He spent ages looking in the mirror, searching for the first sign of facial hair. He'd surreptitiously compare himself to his classmates at school, checking out who had hairier legs or arms, or a deeper voice. When his gym class went swimming, he would keenly check out his friends as they changed, and was both heartened and disappointed at what he saw. Mostly, they were all the same. Sure, a couple of the bigger kids were getting pubes, but his friends were still well and truly built like children. And of course they were still children. But when you have your whole future being built around your upcoming physical maturity, patience is hard to muster.

Then, one Saturday not long after his thirteenth birthday, during his first year of high school, he had been goofing off with a bunch of his friends at the local skatepark. They were riding their BMXs around the bowl, when suddenly he was aware of an acute need to pee, a need that he hadn't been aware of only a moment beforehand. The skatepark was in an open grass area, with busy footpaths linking the major roads that surrounded it. There were no toilets, not even a bush or tree to sneak behind. As he sat on his bike, he suddenly felt a spasm. He quickly but nonchalantly put his hand on the front of his red cotton board shorts and gave a squeeze and a tug, like he was adjusting them. He felt his bladder twitch again, even more violently, and felt a sudden warmth. Thankfully, his friends were riding the bowl, so they didn't see him reach down and clamp his hand over a wet patch on his shorts.

In sudden terror, he realised that he was about to wet his pants! He yelled out to his friends that his mother had texted him to leave now, and he swung the bike around and took off, standing up on the pedals for extra speed. He didn't make it out of the park before he lost control and wet his pants completely, feeling the pee run out of his shorts as he frantically pedalled away from his friends. When he was a safe distance away, he sat back down so nobody could clearly see him, but he continued peeing as he rode. He was in tears by the time he rode up his driveway.

He rode around to the backyard, hoping to sneak inside without being seen. But as luck would have it, both his parents were sitting outside having a glass of wine and smoking. Hearing the gate close, they looked up to see their teenage son walking his bike around the house with his legs apart, wearing obviously peed in shorts, while crying uncontrollably. After a momentary panic, thinking he must be hurt or sick, they ascertained he had just had an accident, and managed to calm him down.

Daniel was sent up to shower, and after he got out he walked into his room to dry off and get dressed. He had recently found the 2 pacifiers during a clean out. He didn't quite know why he had kept them, but he had. He had learned that when he was feeling really stressed out, or really grumpy or angry, he could pop one in his mouth for a few minutes and it would calm him. He really hoped this wasn't a sign he was going to be a smoker like his parents. He hated smoking, but was also curious about it. One part of him was interested to try it, the other part was disgusted with the thought.

But even though he was still concerned about this sudden dummy-sucking habit, he had to admit that it made him feel better. He just hoped nobody would ever see him. He then realised that he'd never seen himself sucking on the pacifier either, and wondered exactly how stupid he looked.

"Might as well look. I'm nothing but a big pants wetting baby anyway" he thought to himself. "Babies wet their pants, wear pull ups to bed and suck on dummies. That's no different to me. It'll all change when I hit puberty though!"

He turned his naked body towards the mirror. He noticed how red and swollen his eyes were from crying. (Like a big baby!) He looked at the green dummy stuck in his mouth. (Big baby!) Then he stood back and looked at his full reflection, and noticed something for the first time.

Pubic hair. Puberty had started.

And he had just wet his pants during the day.

*005*2016-03-25 06:43

{{: 

I'm guessing Amy is going to be somehow similar to Daniel?

}}

Everyone needs a friend right?

I know the story is a bit cliché, but it's my first attempt, and I'm not try to break new ground with it, just to see if I can write something. I've been trying to write a real story for some time now, and after eighty pages of notes, eighteen rough chapter outlines, I've only managed to complete two chapters and have hit the wall.

I've got an idea for a decent omo/diaper story as well, something a bit more adult oriented, but I thought I'd start of by trying a fairly easy, well used concept.

It's more for my benefit than anything else, but I hope you guys enjoy it.

Any comments, criticism or suggestions welcome. Like how the hell I didn't notice the lack of first sentence spacing in chapter one. Doh!

{{: 

That was very good

}}

Thank you! Don't be afraid to give tips to a novice. Suggestions welcome.

*007*2016-03-25 11:10

Chapter 4:

Sue and Daniel negotiated the early traffic to school in her VW Golf. They lived not far away, and arrived at 8:15, a good half hour before classes started. Dan liked his mum dropping him off early, particularly these days. It gave him a chance to go to the bathroom before class started. He had been attending this school for only a few weeks, since the start of the last term. In year 8 now, the second year of high school, he just wanted to fit in and make new friends.

He had cruised through primary school. He was popular, had lots of friends, no real enemies, and had done well with his schoolwork and with sports. He had wet his pants twice, but once was in grade one which was embarrassing but not the end of the world, and the other time in grade 4, aged 10. This was before his current problems started, and was simply the result of trying to hold on for too long. He was playing soccer during the whole lunch break, and hadn't peed all day. He meant to go before class went back, but delayed it until the bell went.

During the second period after lunch, he realised that his need was dire, and asked for permission to go. The teacher at the time, a nice older lady called Mrs. Perkins had originally asked him if he could hold on for another 20 minutes until class ended. He had agreed at first, but then, not 10 minutes later, he new he couldn't hold on. He had asked again, and Mrs Perkins had allowed him to go. He had nearly made it. He entered the boys room but struggled with his zipper a bit, and losing control and wetting himself a bit as he stood in front of the urinal.

Thankfully no one had seen him. He went to the office and the lady there called his mother, and let him sit in the sick bay. His mother arrived shortly afterward, and took him home, so only the office lady had seen him. She told Mrs Perkins that he had taken ill, and although she may have worked out what had really happened, nothing more was ever said.

But in his first year of high school, grade 7, at 13 years of age, he had wet himself twice, both times with witnesses. Another accident toward the end of the first term of year 8 had sealed his fate. He was now a social pariah. Even his old friends from primary school didn't want to be seen with him. He was bullied, got picked on and pushed around, and was made fun of constantly. He started to just draw back into himself. He didn't try to talk to anyone, he gave up playing non essential sport activities, and spent most lunch times in the library. His school work suffered, and by the end of the term his parents had had enough. He was removed from that school, and enrolled at his new one, combined with a plan of combating further accidents.

He would make a conscious effort to use the bathroom regularly, whether he felt the need or not. He would wear a pull up to school, disguised under boxer shorts, and had a couple of snap crotch onesies he could wear that would cover his nappy, keep it firmly in place, but look like a standard white t-shirt otherwise. The onesie worked well, but it meant he needed to use a cubicle when he went to the toilet, and on days like today, when he had gym class to start, it was totally impractical. His teachers had also been informed of his ongoing problem, much to his dismay, but had been told to allow him extra slack if he needed to go. He also kept a change of pants hidden in another inner zipped area in his backpack. Basically, everything possible was being done to allow him a smooth transition into his new school, so he could make a fresh start.

So as soon as Sue pulled up in the car park, Dan jumped out before she could demand a kiss.

"Bye mum" he said, and she reminded him he had to catch the bus home as she was working late and couldn't collect him. She drove off, and even though he didn't feel the slightest need to go, young Daniel headed to the boys room. Once there, he enjoyed the feeling of standing at the urinal, unzipping his pants, pulling his regular boxer shorts open and peeing normally, not having to hide in a stall and quietly pull down his pull up.

Upon leaving, he bumped into Ali and Scott, 2 boys from his class that he had started to become friendly with. They weren't close mates yet, but they didn't know about his "issues", and had been friendly and approachable to him so far. They spent the remaining time before the bell talking about stuff that most adolescent boys do. Sport, girls, music, girls, cars, school, girls, parents, siblings and girls. As they talked, they made their way to their home room, where an attendance roll call would be taken before they headed to the gym.

After roll call, the boys, (it was an all boys school) headed to the change rooms to change into their sports clothes. There was an attached toilet, so Daniel took the opportunity to pee again. Even though there wasn't much, it was better safe than sorry.

This was the sad thing about what was happening to him. He didn't wet himself a lot. In fact, apart from the 3 incidents at school over the last year, and not counting his night time wettings, he had only had 2 other daytime accident. But 5 times in a year was enough to scar him emotionally, and the threat of perhaps disgracing himself in public was almost at the forefront of his adolescent mind. Nothing could be worse for a 14 year old than to wet themselves in public, and the threat of it constantly haunted him.

He guessed that the stress it was causing him was one of the reasons why he found himself sucking on a pacifier at home. It was one "naughty" thing he could do to take away from the stress of the other bad thing he didn't want to do. At least he could control his pacifier use. He was in charge. It was somehow wrong, and babyish, and naughty, just like wetting his pants. But at least he was in charge of his dummy, and it wasn't just going to pop into his mouth in public where he couldn't control it.

As the boys started getting changed, Daniel found he wasn't interested in comparing his body against the others anymore. Now that puberty had hit, and things had gotten worse if anything, what did it matter anymore. He had always thought that the bed wetting was the worst of all, and physically maturing would put a stop to it. Now he was definitely starting to turn into a man, but he was still wetting the bed, and now occasionally his pants. If anything, puberty had made things worse. His thoughts were interrupted by the teacher, who the boys called Coach, hurrying them up to get their butts outside and start running. Dodgeball was the game today, and he wanted to get started.

After gym class, the boys got changed again. Daniel made sure he was one of the last to leave, then suddenly stopped and asked the Coach if he could go to the toilet before they left. Coach, knowing what he needed, agreed, but told him to "hurry his arse up."

Dan quickly slipped into one of the cubicles, where he removed his shorts and boxers, peed again, then slipped a pull up on before putting his pants back on. Properly protected, he steeled himself to face the day.

The rest of the day went smoothly. Daniel visited the boys room at recess, lunch and afternoon recess, but didn't experience any urgency. He normally didn't. Most times he would feel a regular need to empty his bladder, and could wait a while with no problems. It's just those times when there was a problem..... Well, if he had his way then it wouldn't happen while at school.

RRRIIINNNNGG. The 3:00 o'clock bell rang out stridently. Boys everywhere stopped what they were doing, and started to pack up. Daniels teacher held them back briefly to finish explaining his last point, then let them loose. Dan had multiple buses he could catch, the first at 3:10. Another would leave at 3:20, and the last one at 3:30. All went to different final destinations, but also bypassed close to his street. The first one was the best option though, it stopped nearly at his corner, leaving only a 3 minute walk. The next two stopped a few blocks away before turning off, not a big deal, but a good 15 minute walk. Being a bit late leaving, he started to hurry towards the bus stop, only to be halted by his friend Ali. Ali was catching the 3:20, and wanted Dan to ride it with him.

After being so badly shunned at his old school, the fact that someone actually WANTED to be with him was quite emotional. While he didn't cry about it, he did feel a strange hitching motion in his chest for a moment. He was starting to make friends again! He would of just about freaking walked home with Ali if Ali had of asked him to! He briefly considered going to the toilet first, but they were back inside the school, his need wasn't great, and the bus stop was tight there. He checked his phone, 3:11, 9 minutes to go. He had time if he wanted to, but his new friend was chatting away madly, and introducing him to some other kids. In the finish, Daniel decided to just hold on until he got home.

They boarded the bus and took a seat near the back, surrounded by all these new kids he had just been introduced too. They mostly seemed cool, and after being abandoned by all his long time childhood friends recently, he was like a friendship sponge. Today was Friday, so the weekend loomed large. A sleepover was being mentioned, but of course He swiftly avoided that. Other ideas were being thrown around, but Dan knew he had plans already for at least part of Saturday.

A specialist in childhood incontinence was going to be stationed for a few weeks at the children's hospital. He was taking referrals and appointments from the General Practitioners, and holding a couple of clinics as well. Sue had gotten an appointment, and Dr Singh had already ordered an x-ray of Dans abdomen done, and had received his medical files. Both Sue and Dan were hopeful that he could provide some answers.

So Dan begged off Saturday plans, but agreed to try and catch up with his new friends on Sunday if possible, exchanging phone numbers as they went. It was then that Dan looked up, and realised 2 things. His stop was fast approaching, and he needed to pee quite badly.

He had no drama holding on for the last couple of stops. Within 3 minutes of noticing his need, he had disembarked. But the walk home remained. He headed off, shouldering his backpack as he went. There was a gas station he would pass, but he was determined to hold on until he got home. It was now a matter of honour. He was 14, making a new start with new friends. He would NOT be a slave to his bladder anymore. For Christs sake, he was peeing 5 times a day at school alone. He had only gone a couple of hours ago, and had been limiting his fluid intake.

He was also wearing a goddamn pull up, so if the worst happened he would be protected anyway. He walked past the station, and felt that familiar twinge in his groin. He was close to leaking, but also close to home. He knew nobody was home, his dad was away and mum working late, hence him catching the bus. Even if he DID wet himself, no one would know. Another twinge. He gave himself a little squeeze through his shorts. He would not potty dance. If he wet his diaper then so be it, but he would not squirm around like a damn child.

He walked up his driveway still dry, and admittedly a bit surprised by that fact. He fished his key out, and opened the door, locking it behind him. Dropping his bag on the table, and kicking his shoes off in the hall cupboard, he padded upstairs in his stockinged feet. By this stage, he really couldn't ever remember needing to go so badly. He was sure that the last few times that he'd wet himself he hadn't needed to go this badly. But he persisted. He removed his shirt, tie and t-shirt. He pulled his shorts down.

Suddenly a large wave of pure desperation hit him, and he pushed his hands tightly into his pull up and bent over, drawing in a gasping breath. He sat on the side of his bed, and pulled his long socks off, then opened his drawer and found his pacifier. Reaching under his bed, he removed a thick towel, one of a couple kept there for obvious reasons. He folded it in half twice, then hobbled over to his mirror, somehow walking whilst bent over and his thighs pressed together. There, he laid the folded towel out and stood on it. He looked into the mirror, placed the blue pacifier into his mouth, and mumbled "I'm in control here"

The words were no sooner uttered before he gasped, and completely lost all semblance of control. He peed like a fire hose, forcefully and strong. The adolescent pull up he was wearing was not designed for a wetting like this. It was quickly overwhelmed, and sprung leaks from both leg guards, the waist band, and even through the cover itself.

Daniel simply stared at his reflection in the mirror, watching himself sucking on his pacifier, whilst hot urine flowed out of the soaked nappy he was wearing, running down both legs in torrents, over his bare feet, soaking the pink towel he stood on and turning it red.

But he was smiling though.

Again he muttered, "Fuck you. I'm in control"

*010*2016-03-26 01:01

Chapter 5:

Dan woke up early. He glanced at his clock, and saw it had only just turned 6:00 am. He let out a groan. It was Saturday! He could sleep in for a while longer, but had woken up even earlier than usual. He felt a twinge in his bladder, and realised 2 things. First, he was absolutely busting to pee, but secondly, and more importantly, he was still dry! He wasted no time at all in throwing back the covers and quickly making his way to his bathroom. He quickly pulled his pyjamas down, then his pull up, and swung around to sit on the toilet seat. Being a boy, he normally stood up to pee, but the combination of drowsiness and disorientation from waking up early, combined with a massive need to pee urgently prompted him to take the safe option. He also wanted to examine his pull up.

As soon as he sat down, his pent up overnight urine poured out of him, but safely into the toilet instead of his pants for a change. He reached down and started running his hand all over the inside of his pull up. He wore pull ups that were marketed towards kids with bed wetting issues. The package said ages 8-15, up to 60 kgs. He hadn't weighed himself for awhile, but figured he was obviously getting toward the end of the scale when it came to fitting into them. He carefully explored the entire padded area of his diaper.

No doubt about it, he was dry. He breathed a sigh as his stream tapered off in the bowl. He loved waking up dry, but it was happening less and less lately. This was only the 3rd time in the last 2 weeks it had happened. Before he turned 12, he would probably wet the bed perhaps 3-4 times a week, but for the last couple of years it was virtually every night. Plus he was wetting heavier as well. Beforehand he might only leak a bit before he woke up, but now he was flooding himself a lot more, and these pull ups just couldn't cope with that.

He'd noticed that when wearing during the day as well. If he lost a little bit of pee while running around, or had a bit of a leak in the way to the toilet they were fine, but they just couldn't handle a full on flood, like he did after school yesterday while sucking his pacifier. When his mother had first come up with the plan for him to wear to school, she had insisted that he "practice" with them first at home.

"Your night pants are designed for sleep accidents while laying down honey" she had explained, "If your going to need to rely on them while your running around at school, we need to make sure they can cope with it."

"What if they can't mum? I mean, they leak at nighttime sometimes, what do f they don't work?"

"If they're not good enough, we might have to upgrade you to adult diapers," Sue had explained.

Dan was taken aback with this, "ADULT diapers?"

"Yes Dan. They make diapers and incontinence pants to suit everyone. The grown up ones will be bigger and thicker though, and not as easy to hide under your clothes. The way your pull ups have been leaking at night though is making me consider getting you some to wear to bed at least."

He had been a bit taken aback by this. While he hated being a bed wetter, he accepted it as something he couldn't help. That was embarrassing enough, but it was even worse when he sprung a leak. If he could just remove his pull up in the morning and not mention it, he could almost ignore it, but when he leaked and had to wash his sheets and clothes it just made the whole thing seem even worse. They had discussed the option of trying thicker night time protection, and his mum said she would get him some, but insisted that he try deliberately using his pull ups a few times while standing up in the privacy of his own bathroom as well, just to test them.

This conversation had taken place a few weeks prior, during the school holidays before he had started at his new school. It was without a doubt one of the most embarrassing conversations that Dan had had in his young life. Not only were they discussing the fact that he was wetting the bed (like a baby) so badly that he needed special nappies, but his mother had actually told him that she wanted him to deliberately wet himself to test out his pull ups! But the sad part of it is, he saw the logic behind her request.

At that stage Dan hadn't been wearing any daytime protection at all, but as a result he was now starting at a new school trying to make a fresh start after being publicly shamed a few times. He had realised that a fresh start was useless if he wet his pants at school again, so he grudgingly accepted the fact he would be wearing a pull up to school, at least until they could get some answers as to why this was happening. So over the 2 week break, he had started "practicing" wearing his pull ups during the day under his clothes.

He had been pleasantly surprised at how inconspicuous they had been. If he wore them low on his waist, wore his boxers and pants pulled up, you really couldn't notice at all. During this time he had acquiesced to his mothers request, and occasionally wandered of into the bathroom where he would deliberately wet himself to test how well they stood up. He peed while seated, walking and riding his bike, and soon figured out that they could hold a small accident quite fine, but heaven help him if he had a major blowout. But not wanting to wear anything thicker or more noticeable at school, they had come up with the plan of using the bathroom as much as possible to prevent a big accident, and relying on his pull up to safely contain any small leaks.

He washed his hands and returned to bed. He could still get a bit more sleep before he had to get up. Today was was the day they were going to see Dr Singh at the hospital, and hopefully start getting some answers. He laid back down, found his pacifier, popped it in his mouth and closed his eyes. There was no doubt about it. The pacifier really took the edge off his nerves. In no time at all, his eyes drooped shut, and he dozed off again.

BANG BANG BANG! He opened his eyes.

"Daniel! Time to get up mate. I'm making pancakes! Get your butt downstairs!"

"Coming mum!" He tried to yell, but it sounded somewhat garbled.

With a start, he opened his eyes, and realised that his dummy was still in his mouth. He quickly ripped it out and dropped it in the floor, over the side of the bed away from the door. Just in time too. The door cracked open and Sue stuck her head in.

"What was that sweetie, I couldn't hear you?"

"Sorry mum. I'll be right there."

"Need a shower first?" She enquired.

"Nope. I'm dry today!" He exclaimed happily. "At least I was a while ago. I woke up at 6 and made it in time." He wiggled his bum a bit and proudly said, "And I still am!"

"That's great honey. It could be a good sign. You wake up dry on the day we're seeing the doctor. Could be a good omen...." With that she closed the door and headed back downstairs.

Sue was always careful to be happy and acknowledge when her son had a good night, but to never praise him or use terms like "good boy." She had explained to him that he couldn't help his night wetting, and he wasn't a bad or naughty kid because of it. If he had a dry night, it didn't make him "good," but it was instead just a good thing.

Dan got up and firstly removed his pants and nappy. He checked it again, and it was still dry. He pulled his pyjama pants back on, and folded up the dry pull up. He would wear it again later. He went to put it into his bottom drawer where he hid his supplies, and trod on something squishy with his bare foot. Surprised, he stepped back, and found his dummy on the floor. A moment of panic washed over him as he picked it up. He examined it, but it wasn't broken. He breathed a sigh of relief. He took it to the bathroom and washed it, then gave it a couple of quick test sucks as he headed back to his bed. He stashed the good pull up away, and noticed he was nearly out. There was only that one, plus 2 more left. He needed to tell his mum that he was running low.

It was the weekend, he had woken up dry, he thought he may have broken his paci but he hadn't, he finally had his appointment with the incontinence doctor whom he hoped would provide answers, and there were pancakes waiting downstairs.

Life was good. At least for now.

*012*2016-03-26 04:37

Chapter 6:

After breakfast, Daniel headed for a shower. After he had finished, he dried off, then stood in front of his mirror for some all important adolescent critical analysis. He stared hard at the boy looking back out at him. He was around 5 foot tall, average build, not skinny at all, and in fact he carried a bit of puppy fat around his middle. His brown hair was worn a bit longer than the normal look at the back, something his mother often jokingly nagged him about, telling him he should get a hair cut. But he liked his hair long. He parted it in the middle and swept it back, hoping it would eventually get long enough to tie back.

He secretly liked dread locks, but knew his mum would throw a fit if he said so. He stared into his brown eyes, worried about the size and shape of his nose, and closely examined his top lip for any sign of hair. Nope. None there yet. He checked his armpits, and was pleased to see a few hairs struggling to make themselves known. He stepped back and examined his body. Yeah, he had put on weight. Since he'd stopped playing sport, he had gotten a bit heavier. His gaze kept moving down. His boyhood was slowly getting bigger, and he had a little patch of hair that was getting thicker. He looked at his legs. No real hair on them yet.

He decided he really was halfway. Physically, he wasn't quite a child, but he was still a long way from being an adult. He didn't suffer from the normal teenage angst about his looks. He thought he was at least average in appearance, and if he could start getting active again and lose his slightly chubby tummy, he would eventually scrub up alright.

Inspection completed, he got dressed. One of the great things about being a boy, is the fact that choosing what to wear is easy. He pulled out some baggy basketball style shorts, a Nike polo shirt, brief style undies, and flip flops. The only thing that caused contemplating was the underpants. He had always worn briefs, ever since he was little. But since he had started wearing a pull up to school, he had switched to boxers for their superior coverage. Because he wasn't wearing a pull up at home during the day, he decided on briefs. After dressing, he spent some time surfing the net, bringing up random stuff, not really doing anything but killing time. Of course by now he had searched all about incontinence, nappies both adult and otherwise, and had learned about all he wanted to know. He was by now quite aware that it was a sexual kink amongst some adults, but he really didn't want to consider that. Too weird.

Soon enough his mum was knocking on his door. That was a good thing she did. She never just barged in, but always knocked first. He kinda knew that she was perhaps concerned about walking in on him "doing stuff," but he really hadn't done a lot of "stuff" yet. Of course he was starting to explore his body a bit, but he wasn't really sure what he was supposed to do. He had spent his entire school career going to all boys schools, and didn't really know a lot of girls. He knew he liked girls, but even his fantasies were limited. He sometimes fantasised about famous women, and he did get aroused, but he just didn't know what he should be thinking about. Of course he knew about how sex was supposed to work, but he also knew technically how to drive a car, but hadn't done that either.

He was pretty sure he was having wet dreams sometimes, but it was a bit hard to tell when you were waking up in a piss soaked nappy anyway. A few vague dream memories occasionally stuck. Kissing girls, having them expose their breasts to him, then touching him....and that's when he thought he may have sometimes made a different wetness in his pull up, but he wasn't sure.

When he had tried to make something happen while awake, and usually laying in bed at night, he had felt himself get hard quite often, but when he had to slip his hand inside his nappy, he had just lost the mood. He didn't think that anyone wearing a nappy could ever be considered attractive.

"Are you ready Danny?" She asked. "We better go. Go to the toilet and make sure your special pants are on properly."

"I'm not wearing any mum. You know I don't need 'em at home."

Sue sighed, and Daniel realised how much they sounded alike when they sighed. "We're not staying home mate. We could be gone for a while, and who knows where and when you'll be able to get to a toilet. Better put one on just to be safe, 'eh?"

"I suppose so" he mumbled. "But I'm nearly out as well. Only got a few left."

"Ok then. No problem. I'll pick up some more later today. I might get you the thicker adult ones to try at nighttime."

She saw the look on his face, and before he could protest, she added "I'll make sure I get normal pull ups for school as well, okay? Now hurry up and get ready."

After Sue left, Dan re-dressed himself again, this time with the pull up on, he peed in the toilet again, and headed downstairs to face the biggest appointment of his life, one that would hopefully yield some answers.

{{: 

Is Amy going to be showing up soon?

}}

Patience young Grasshopper. I thought she was going to show up then, but as I'm just free styling this and making it up on the fly, I was apparently wrong. I have a feeling the next chapter might prove fruitful.

It's kinda fun writing like this. I have a basic idea of the plot, but no real structure or notes. I'm just writing it as it comes.

*015*2016-03-26 06:27

Chapter 7:

Sue and Dan arrived at the Children's Hospital. His appointment was for 10:30, but they had been told to arrive at least 15 minutes early, but also warned that it could be running late. It was Autumn in Perth, but still quite warm. The sun was out, and it was a comfortable 23 degrees. They collected their parking slip, and made their way to the clinic on the 3rd floor.

The waiting room was busy. There were at least 15 kids, all with at least one parent or caretaker with them. Dan surreptitiously looked around. There were a couple of older teens in wheelchairs, at least one girl who appeared to have Cerebral Palsy or something like it, with leg braces and crutches, but the vast majority of the kids were much younger, mostly 10 or under. He looked around and tried to spot who might have been wearing a diaper, but apart from one boy of about 8 who had plastic pants sticking out the back of his shorts, and who was obviously suffering from some reasonably severe disability, he couldn't tell. He sighed. He wasn't really surprised. No matter what his parents had told him to cheer him up, he always figured he was really different because of his problem. Here was proof. The room was only full of either little kids or kids with special needs. He really was a special case.

After checking in, they took a seat. His mum leaned over and whispered that the appointments were running about 20 minutes late, putting their appointment back to at least 10:50. It was only 10:15 now, so they had to wait a while. Daniel pulled his older model iPhone 4 out. He had wanted a 6S for a while, but his mother said he'd have to make do with the 4, his dad's old phone, at least until his birthday. He had broken his last phone, so his mum refused to buy him a brand new one yet.

He got a coke from the machine, and logged onto Facebook. He didn't have a lot of friends. After the bullying had gotten out of hand at his last school, the cyber bullying had started as well. He had ended up deleting his account and starting again. Now his friends list contained mostly family, with only a couple of his old contacts. He drank his coke, and browsed through the posts. He wasn't a big fan of Facebook after the bullying, so he didn't check it often. As a result, there was lots of new stuff for him to check.

Because of his situation, he was now used to always knowing where the closest toilets were. He had paid attention as they entered, and noticed that they were down a short side corridor just outside the waiting room. It made sense that there would be toilets close to the incontinence clinic after all. The coke was working through him, and he was starting to feel the first hint of needing to go. Not long ago he would have ignored it, but he had learned the hard way that he didn't have the luxury anymore. He checked the time, 10:47. His appointment could be called at any moment.

Now he had never been pee-shy. He had no problems with using a public toilet as a rule. But the fact that he was sitting in the waiting room of a children's incontinence clinic, wearing a pull up, surrounded by other kids who obviously had issues with wetting or soiling themselves made him feel self conscious. He wriggled a bit in his seat, and felt his urgency kick up a notch. Probably just nerves he thought. But now he had a dilemma. He was quickly building up an urgent need to pee, his appointment could get called in at any moment, but if he got up and left everyone in the room would be looking at him and probably be wondering if he'd peed himself.

He felt a twitch. He had nearly leaked. He squirmed in his seat again. Sue leaned over and whispered "Are you alright Danny? Do you need to go?"

He sheepishly nodded.

"We'll just go sweetheart. The loos are just out there. Just be quick okay?"

Emboldened, Daniel stood up. As he did, he felt a drop of urine escape. Not much, and nothing that his nappy couldn't easily handle, but worrying nonetheless. He ignored it, refusing to squeeze himself like a little kid or show any outward signs of urgency. He unhurriedly walked the length of the room and headed towards the men's room. He felt a moment of panic when he saw the cleaners cart outside, but then the cleaner walked out, removed the closed sign, and started pushing her cart away. A feeling of relief washed over him. He entered the bathroom, knowing it would be empty. He felt his bladder twitch again, and this time a small leak escaped. He lost all thoughts about playing it cool. He clamped his hand over his crotch, and ran into the closest stall. He took a deep breath, composed himself, got himself under control, and managed to get his shorts and pull up down before he sat on the toilet.

For the second time that day, he found himself sitting in the toilet and running his hand through his nappy. This time though, it was a bit wet. It wasn't too bad though, he'd just leaked a bit, and it had done its job. He knew it was still ok to keep wearing, so after he finished, he pulled it back up, plus the boxers he'd changed into, then his shorts. He then left the stall, washed his hands, and looked at his reflection in the mirror. His heart was pounding, he felt sweaty, but outwardly looked calm. He had just had a very close call, and knew it.

He exited the men's room, and turned towards the waiting room at the end of the passage. But suddenly, a figure appeared walking towards him. As it approached, he could see it was the figure of a girl, probably around his age.

She was a bit shorter than him, had long dirty blonde hair with faded blue streaks randomly placed. She was basically slim, but had wide hips. She was wearing a mid thigh length denim skirt, a black Ed Sheerhan t-shirt, that accentuated the fact that her breasts were quite large for a young girl, knee length black and white striped socks, a pair of dirty white Converse, and was carrying a large denim shoulder bag. As she got closer, he noticed the black eye liner on her lower lids, the stud in her nose, the multiple piercings in her ears, and the dark red lip gloss.

It was an interesting combination. Not really goth, not preppy, not punk, not metal, but somehow a bit of all of it. As she approached, she glanced up from her phone and saw Daniel standing there staring at her. She smiled openly at him, somehow mischievous, sexy and innocent all at once. She said "Hi", as she passed, and disappeared into the ladies room.

Dan just stood there for a moment. He had butterflies in his tummy. He was aware that he felt something stirring inside his slightly damp pull up. He felt a bit confused and light headed. Everyone has heard of "Love At First Sight," and he certainly wouldn't go that far, but he knew one thing for sure, he had never in his life felt such an unexplainable instant attraction for a female of any age.

The feeling of his hardness pushing against the wet lining of his nappy quickly bought him back to earth. Regardless of anything else, there was no way in hell any girl, particularly a hot chick like her would do anything but laugh at a 14 year old nappy wetting baby like him. He sighed, and disconsolately went back to the waiting room.

Once there, he was surprised to see his mother and another lady alternately laughing, smiling, crying and hugging each other. He tried to put the image of the semi-goth Goddess out of his mind. His mother called him over and introduced him.

"Daniel, this is my oldest and dearest friend Sonia! We went all the way through school together, worked together for years, and heavens, I was even her maid of honour! We haven't seen each other since I left work too have you! After I left, Sonia got promoted to New Zealand and we lost touch. Oh my god! I don't believe it!"

Turning to Sonia she said almost tearfully, "We moved house after Danny was born, our number changed, and after I tried to contact you in New Zealand you had left the office. I've looked for you on Facebook often, but never found you!"

Sonia had tears in her eyes as well. "You left work when you were only about 4 months pregnant didn't you?"

Sue nodded.

"I went to manage the NZ office, but didn't know I was pregnant at the time! I was only there a month when I started getting morning sickness, so left not long after. And I've never bothered with joining Facebook!"

Daniel was standing there nodding, smiling, and feeling a bit self conscious about this public display of emotion that his mother and her friend were having. He didn't really know what to say except "Hi."

"My God. I don't believe it." Sonia continued. "We are SO going out for lunch today! The four of us are going to have a ball!"

"Four?" Enquirered Daniel, suddenly noticing that Sonia was gesturing to somebody behind him.

He turned around to see the semi-goth beauty from the corridor sidle up to Sonia and give her a light hug.

"Sue, Daniel, this is my beautiful daughter Amy...."

*016*2016-03-26 09:02

Chapter 8:

Daniel was stunned, absolutely speechless. Somewhere in the back of his mind he thought, " I'm sooo glad I went to the loo. I might've wet myself!"

He noticed Amy smiling at him. "Think man! Say something!" But nothing came to mind expect a stammering "Hi..."

Thankfully, Sue piped up. "Sonia, Amy, this is my son Daniel."

The usual small talk ensued between the grown ups. How pretty/tall/ handsome each other's kids were. But Daniels mind was racing at 1000 mph. "(Don't say why we're here, please don't say why we're here, PLEASE!)"

Fate was against him though. Before he could catch his mothers eye, the receptionist called out, "DANIEL, Doctor Singh will see you now."

If ever he wanted a hole to appear and swallow him, it was now. The despair must've been noticeable on his face, because before he had a chance to drop dead from embarrassment, Sonia looked at him and said "We better let you go. I can't believe the luck! We only came back because I left my glasses behind after Amy's appointment earlier. Sue, we are doing lunch. How about Antonios in City Beach? Say 12:30?"

This caused Amy to squeeze her eyes tightly closed for a moment. She obviously felt the same shame as he did.

Sue agreed, the two women kissed each other's cheeks, but what stunned Daniel was the way Amy made eye contact with him, and said softly "See ya later then" with a slight smile.

With that, mother and son entered Doctor Singhs office.

*017*2016-03-26 10:10

Chapter 9:

They had been talking with the doctor for nearly 10 minutes. Mostly he had asked questions.

: How long had Daniel been wetting the bed?

: How much did he wet?

: How long and often were his daytime accidents happening?

: What were they doing about it?

The list of questions seemed as endless as it was humiliating.

Eventually Dr Singh, an Indian gentleman, pulled out the x-rays that he had got Daniel to sit for last week. Then he pulled out another set that had been ordered by their families regular doctor over a year ago, when his daytime dramas first happened. He then opened a 3rd set, ones taken when Dan had been about 9, when they were just looking for an answer to his bed wetting.

"There is good news he said, as well as some, well, not so good, but certainly not bad news. I believe I know why this is happening."

He gestured to the x-rays of 9 year old Dan. "You see here, theses were taken nearly 5 years ago, but showed nothing amiss. See here, this is the bladder, these are the kidneys, and all looks fine. Now with bed wetting, there is often no physical cause, as seems to be the case here. In some cases, it can be triggered by psychological trauma, like abuse, sexual, physical or psychological, but from what you have told me, that is not the case. This is common. Usually, in a vast majority of cases, the patient simply outgrows it. Put simply, some people take longer to outgrow it than others, but I'm sure you already have been told that."

Sue and Dan exchanged glances, and simply nodded.

The doctor continued, "Now, when young master Dan was around 12, the wetting was tapering on and off, correct? You were starting to stay dry for multiple nights in a row, before regressing again, correct?"

Again, mother and son agreed.

"Now, here is the x-rays taken last year, when the daytime accidents first started. Again, nothing appears wrong. If you compare this too his earlier x-ray they are very similar, yes?"

Not knowing where this was leading, they just looked and agreed.

"Next, a question. Would I be correct in guessing that master Daniel went through a pre-pubescent growth spurt around then?"

Sue thought about it, and agreed. "That's right. We needed new shoes twice within a couple of months, and new school clothes and dress pants, remember?"

Daniel did. It had seemed that in the space of a few months, he had outgrown virtually everything.

Dr Singh continued, "Now these latest pictures, again, nothing seems wrong at first glance. Except.....he used a capped pen to draw an imaginary circle around Dans kidneys on the x-ray.

"See this, how healthy and much larger your kidneys are compared to when you were 9. Now, look at the bladder. You'll notice it really hasn't grown a lot during the past 5 years. Don't worry, it's healthy, and believe it or not it's functioning very well, but it doesn't seem to have kept pace with the rest of your body as you've kept growing."

He paused to let it sink in, but before Dan or Sue could speak, he continued, "It's not an uncommon occurrence. Sometimes it's more serious if the organ affected is the heart, or lungs for example, but in your case, it happens to be your bladder. Everything else is growing at a normal rate, but for some reason your bladder is lagging behind. Now as you get bigger, your food and drink intake increase, as it's important to fuel your growing body. Your kidneys are producing more urine, as your fluid intake has increased. But unfortunately for you, your bladder is currently the same, normally functioning size of the average 10 year old.

This is why your bed wetting was slowing down before, your bladder was starting to catch up with the rest of you. But suddenly, boom! A growth spurt happened, and it's lagging behind again. Your body is simply producing more urine than your bladder can sometimes handle. This is why your bed wetting increased, and your day time wettings started. Occasionally, your bladder just fills up suddenly, and it doesn't give you much warning when it's about to happen, and as a result, it overflows. It's not exactly incontinence, but the results are the same nonetheless."

He sat back, and let them absorb this information.

Eventually, Sue spoke up, "So, what can we do?"

"Unfortunately, not much at present. I truly believe Dans healthy little bladder will develop into a healthy big bladder by itself,"

Dan tried to speak up, but the doctor said, "You're going to ask when, aren't you? Unfortunately, I can't answer that. It could start getting better any day now, it may take a year or more. Usually, this sort of thing is resolved by the time puberty is over. If not, then we could consider surgery. But I would definitely not recommend surgery on a healthy, but still growing organ. Too much could go wrong, such as permanent, irreversible incontinence, leaving you with major issues for life. Really, surgery shouldn't be considered until your at least 17 or 18."

"The same with steroids. Before I tried surgery, I'd recommend a course of steroid injections first, to try and stimulate growth, but again, I wouldn't do it to a still developing child. Really, give it time. This will more than likely sort itself out naturally within a few months, and when it does, it will mean an end too both your nighttime and daytime accidents.

The rest was a bit of a blur for Daniel. He asked a couple of questions, and his mother asked a lot, but he felt strangely calm. He didn't really know what to think. He was partially relieved. He had considered all sorts of problems, bladder or prostate cancer amongst them. He was relieved to know he was healthy, but also disappointed that nothing could be done immediately. He had secretly hoped it might have been as simple as taking tablets or a course of injections, but apparently not.

He was shaken from his stupor as his mum pushed her chair back as Doctor Singh did the same. Handshakes were offered and taken, thanks were given and received, and then they were back in the waiting room.

Dan realised he was healthy, but for the time being at least, technically incontinent.

*020*2016-03-27 07:34

It's amazing how much this story has got inside my head. I started it two days ago with nothing more than a vague idea of how the relevant plot was going to happen. I had an idea of Dans background, what was wrong, and how he would meet Amy, and obviously who Amy was as well. No pre written plot line, no notes, just a fly by the seat of the pants idea. I'd basically make it up as I went along, and it would probably be around 5-8 chapters long.

Fair Dinkum. In my mind it's starting to turn into "Neighbors " or "Eastenders". (I apologise to non Australian or UK readers who won't get the analogy.)

But as I am just writing "off the cuff" and making it up as I go along, it keeps growing. I start a chapter with a rough idea, but often finish nowhere near it. Amy was supposed to be here 3/4 chapters ago, but she kept getting delayed!

What the hell. I'm having fun.

*021*2016-03-27 09:28

Chapter 10:

It was after 11:30 by the time Sue and her son got back to the car.

"We've got some spare time before lunch, I'll stop and get your supplies on the way".

As they left, the conversation was awkward. Sue tried a couple of times to discuss what the doctor had told them, but Daniel struggled. Then Dan tried to speak, but Sue struggled. Basically, there wasn't much too say. They had answers, but no conclusions. There was relief, but concern. There were questions, but no definable outcomes. The unspoken spectre of serious illness had been vanquished, but there was no victory to be had. So far, there were no losers, but no winners either.

Should you be happy or sad? Certainly you should feel relief, but also despair for the fact that a young mans self esteem was at risk of being plunged into an emotional abyss.

This may be an overwrought exaggeration, except if you happen to be a young teenager, with few friends, and an incontinence problem.......

Dan just agreed without caring. He felt strangely numb, neither upset, angry nor stressed. He was relieved, upset, angry, upbeat, worried and still somehow calm all at the same time. He wasn't dying, that was a plus. It would probably correct itself without surgery, another plus. It would take time, a minus. Perhaps a long time. Big minus.

He didn't know exactly how he should feel, or how he should deal with it.

There were two completely different, but still clear and distinct thoughts running through his mind, neither taking precedence over the other, but both seemingly as important to him. He really wanted to see Amy again, and he needed his pacifier. How these thoughts could even be existing at the same time he didn't know, but he felt he needed both.

Sue guided the car into a shopping centre car park. As she turned the car off, she asked if Dan wanted to go in with her, even though she already knew the answer. Dan was of the age that hated being seen publicly shopping with his parents at any time, let alone if the purchase of continence products was involved. Sue understood his train of thought,and knew exactly why he would feel uncomfortable being there while she purchased teen style pull ups and the like, so she didn't push it.

Dan retrieved his phone again while he waited. He noticed 4 Facebook notifications. After opening it, he found 4 friend requests, 1 each from Scott and Ali, and two from Ali's friends whom he had caught the bus with yesterday. This cheered him up immediately. He was so sick of not having friends. He quickly accepted them, and started browsing. His mind wandered towards his current problem. Did he need to pee? He shouldn't. He had peed less than 2 hours ago, (and admittedly a bit in his pants first) so he shouldn't need to go. But did he feel a need or not? He sighed. This is what life was like now he suppose. He couldn't even tell for sure if he needed to pee or not. He didn't think he really NEEDED to go, but he probably could if he tried.

As an experiment, he spread his legs and relaxed his bladder muscles briefly. At first, nothing happened, but after a few seconds a slow trickle of pee leaked out, quickly pooling in the seat of his pull up, before being absorbed.

"WHATTHEHELLAREYOUDOINGDICKHEAD?" He suddenly mentally snapped at himself. They were about to meet Amy and her mum for lunch, and he was deliberately peeing in his nappy??!! What was he thinking?

Before he had a chance to think about what he'd done, the car boot suddenly opened. His mother was back, and putting some no doubt highly embarrassing packages into the boot. He regained his composure, and put his phone away.

"I'm back Danny. We've had a change of plans. Sonia rang me, and they had to go home. They only live 20 minutes from us, so I'm going to take the car home, and we're going to get a cab to their place. Afternoon tea, and Sonia and I can have a bottle of wine, and I don't have to drive. Sound ok?"

Dan agreed it was a good plan. But even if the plan had involved fighting dinosaurs, he would of agreed if it meant seeing Amy again. Plus he could now change his wet pull up.

*022*2016-03-27 09:56

Chapter 11:

Upon arriving home, Sue took out her purchases and locked the car. After entering the house and getting settled, she showed Dan her purchases. There were 2 new packets of his normal teenage bed wetting styled pull ups, plus 2 packets of small sized adult products. 1 bag of pull ups, 1 bag of tape on diapers.

"I bought you your usual pants for school, but wanted to try something thicker for you too wear to bed, but I wasn't sure what. They had these pull up style knickers like you use now, but obviously bigger and thicker, and these ones that tape on. "

"They're just like baby nappies mum!"

Sue sighed. "I guess they are mate. But don't carry on. I'm in the same boat as you here. I just want to help you. If I could make it go away I would. But I can't. I just want to help you and you to go back to being the happy kid that you used to be...." Then she started softly sobbing.

"Mum. Please don't cry. I don't mean to sound mean. It's just.... I hate wearing nappies. I really hoped today might of been the end of it, but instead, I'm upgrading to real nappies! I don't know what to think..." With that, Dan started crying.

They looked at each other, tears freely running down both faces, then, without warning, Dan laughed. Sue looked at him, then she laughed. The next thing they knew, they were hugging each other and laughing like loons.

"We'll get through this darling " Sue told him. "Go and get ready, I'll call a cab shortly and we'll go out and have fun."

Dan nodded, and ran upstairs to his room. Once inside, he pulled out his dummy and promptly started sucking on it. He pulled his shorts off, stood on the towel that was still in front of his mirror, and once again, for the second time in 24 hours, he deliberately wet himself while sucking his pacifier, and murmuring....

"I'm in control of this."

When he finished, he removed his pull up, had a quick wash down there and used talcum powder, washed his hands, put a dry pull up on under his boxers and shorts, brushed his teeth and hair, sprayed deodorant, then went downstairs on his mission to meet Amy.

*023*2016-03-27 10:31

Chapter 12:

The cab pulled up outside a neat little house in a suburb only 20 minutes from where Dan and Sue lived. Sonia answered their knock on the door, and they were ushered inside. Sonia led them down a short hallway into an area that opened into a lounge room to their left, a small dining area which was open-plan to the adjoining kitchen. There was a door leading into another hallway off there.

"Please have a seat." Sonia gestured towards the dining table. It had been set with a white linen tablecloth with a floral border, upon which was set various bowls with biscuits, cheese, little onions, dip, chips, and similar finger food. A bottle of white wine was chilling on ice, but there were 4 places set with normal glasses as well. Sue and Dan sat down, and we're both offered drinks. Sue accepted a wine, and Dan happily accepted a coke. Pleasantries were again exchanged, food was offered, all the while that Dan was quietly looking around for Amy.

"I still can't believe it" Sonia exclaimed. "I left my reading glasses on the counter, but normally would have left them there until Monday, when I drive right past there for work. We had left, but then Amy needed to ch....go to the toilet, so we went back. If we hadnt, we would've missed you!"

Dan picked up on the "Amy needed to ch(ange?) bit, and wondered exactly if that meant what he thought. He didn't want to ask where she was, as he really didn't know her, and indeed the limit of his total conversations with her consisted of a single "Hi", but he was itching to see her again. He sat back, sipped his coke and looked around.

The house was small but well appointed. All the fixtures and furnishings seemed to be quality. While not immaculate, it was clean and tidy but still comfortably lived in as well. There was some clutter, some loose odds and ends, but generally it was homely and comfortable. Various photos showed Sonia, Amy, an older guy who was probably her dad, and an older kid, young adult really.

Hearing footsteps, Dan turned towards the hallway door, and saw Amy arrive, looking fresh from a shower, still wearing her skirt and t-shirt, her long striped socks, but with no shoes or lipgloss on, and rubbing her damp hair with a towel.

She shyly smiled, first at Sue, then at Dan, holding his glance just a touch longer than usual.

"Hello again" she said sweetly.

The sight of her standing in front of him, all freshly washed and scrubbed, with her cute little skirt and long socks, smiling at him was almost too much. Again, he found that the very presence of her was causing him to stir within his nappy.

