Star Trek Enterprise - "Ripples in the Reflection"

Author: mousex

*000*2012-03-04 21:12

Hi,

Following my earlier Voyager fic, I was asked to write something about Enterprise. I'm not as familiar with this show, but I felt that the mirror universe would be more fitting for an Omorashi-themed story.

I hope you enjoy it.

Trials

“Stardate 2154.69, Judge-Advocate’s log. Investigation resumes into the recent events onboard ISS Columbia NX-02. Be seated”

The assembled officers returned to their chairs, awaiting the show. A shapely Vulcan female was brought forward, hands shackled behind her full rear.

“T’Pol of Vulcan, we have heard how computer systems on the Columbia had been sabotaged mere hours after its contact with your vessel, the Enterprise. An inspection revealed components of the virus’ source code in your personal data store, and logs indicate that your access codes had been used on the communications terminal. Do you have anything further to offer?”

T’Pol raised her head, and met the Judge-Advocate’s gaze from behind her long brown hair.

“Your honor, I would like the record to show that my right to a defence counsel has not been granted, and several other basic facilities have been denied me during this trial.”

Those in the front row saw T’Pol’s elegant legs shift slightly in her long overalls.

“It is so noted. Frankly, Lieutenant, you’re lucky you’re even getting a trial.”

Murmurs of agreement were heard throughout the humans in the room – the Vulcan people were not popular in this Terran Empire.

“Further,” T’Pol added, “I would like to bring into question the nature of the evidence gathered. It is my understanding that the data was too fragmented to guarantee a match.”

“A technicality” spat the Judge-Advocate.

“Regarding the communications log, I have admitted that I used that terminal at that time to carry out my proscribed duties onboard the ship”

“How convenient” he sneered. “Unfortunately for you, Vulcan, we have another witness. Call Hoshi Sato.”

The petite communications officer swaggered forward, her overall unzipped to reveal pert cleavage.

“Please state your name and rank for the record”

“Lieutenant Hoshi Sato, Communications Officer and Executive Aide, ISS Enterprise”

Coughs at the back of the room stifled derisive laughter at this euphemistic title. Those in the know understood her real role on-board to be facilitating stress relief for the vessel’s notoriously irascible commanding officer. Captain Forrest sat up straighter in his seat at the Board, appraising Sato’s bare midriff with ill-disguised ardor.

“Thank you Lieutenant. Can you please summarise the actions taken that resulted in sabotage to the Columbia?”

“Yes, your honor. I had concluded my morning duties at the communications terminal, and locked the station to perform tasks elsewhere on the ship. As I was leaving, I witnessed the accused crossing the bridge and using my station.”

“As I have done on many previous occasions-“ attempted T’Pol

“Silence! So, you’ve done it before, have you? Carry on, Lieutenant Sato.”

“Yes sir. When I returned at 13:20 hours, I observed several anomalous readings in the diagnostic I was running. I reset the program and continued with my duties”.

“And there we have it, Vulcan! You were seen accessing the terminal and we have records-“

“I must protest! There is no evide-“ cried T’Pol desperately.

“Be silent, woman! I’ve heard more than enough from you! Guards!”

At his command, one MACO soldier grabbed T’Pol by the shoulder while another jabbed her in the side with his stun baton. T’Pol convulsed as the charge ravaged her strained body, and a small damp patch began to spread between her tight legs.

Sato returned to her seat and crossed her legs tauntingly, smirking at her unfortunate colleague.

“Now…” uttered the Judge-Advocate “It is my understanding that Captain Hernandez of the ISS Columbia would like to address the accused.”

T’Pol was standing straight again, the moisture between her legs contained for the moment. Sweat was starting to form at her smooth temples as Erika Hernandez approached her.

“You’re doing very well, you know” whispered Hernandez into T’Pol’s curved ear. “I can barely see where you’ve leaked. A testament to Vulcan discipline, I suppose.”

Erika paced around behind T’Pol before leaning in to her other ear. “I don’t hate all Vulcans. Just the ones who sabotage my ship!”

T’Pol had been braced, but she still wavered at the blossoming pain in her jaw where Hernandez’ slap had caught her. Her knees wavered slightly as another jet of urine seeped into her form-fitting uniform.

“Our computer systems failed, but not straight away… no, we were in a nebula, monitoring an enemy transport route when your virus hit. Everything went down. We even had to seal all internal doors to sustain life support.”

T’Pol said nothing, using every meditation technique she knew in an attempt to control her fear and her bulging bladder.

“You think you’re in a situation now? I’d been on that bridge for five hours when we had to lock down. Hardly any heat, no shielding from the nebula’s light. No way to get to the head… and I really needed to get to the head.”

T’Pol closed her eyes at this torture, and even some of the crowd started to look uncomfortable.

“But I couldn’t! I didn’t have your Vulcan tricks… I didn’t have the excuse of a stun-baton to the kidney. I had to hold it in, through hours of pain and control.”

Hernandez leaned in closer again, and whispered “I even started to like it.”

“So if you ever get near a computer again, think of how you feel right now. I am.”

T’Pol risked opening her eyes and glancing at the prowling captain, noticing how her own abdomen was equally distended.

“I’ve been holding this all day, just for you.” She looked up at the bench. “Your honor?”

The Judge-Advocate nodded at the MACO troops, who dragged T’Pol to her knees as Erika began to shrug out of her jumpsuit. When T’Pol looked up again, the captain was down to the undershirt that hung to her bare upper thigh. Pacing on the spot by this point, Hernandez gestured to the troopers to get out of the way before moving forward, her proud slit just above the Vulcan’s field of view.

“Enjoy…” gasped Erika as she let go, her glistening stream hissing powerfully into T’Pol’s stoical face. Her dishevelled hair plastered back against her head as the hot micturition cascaded down her collar and brushed her full lips, held tightly shut as she still struggled to contain her own need throughout this sadistic onslaught.

Finally, the well ran dry and T’Pol was left spluttering as Erika basked in victory and relief. “You’d better not make any more mess, Vulcan” she muttered. She was about to step back into her discarded clothing when a smile crossed her cruel features.

“Boys, I need something to wipe with”.

Enthusiastically, the loyal MACO men set about T’Pol’s splatted uniform. They had practically torn it to shreds before finding any material dry enough to meet with Hernandez’ approval.

Erika pocketed the sodden rag as she finished adjusting her uniform, while T’Pol simply knelt in her drenched undergarments.

“A fine display of justice, Captain Hernandez” uttered the Judge-Advocate. “Can I take that as a ‘guilty’ vote?”

Laughter echoed around the oppressive courtroom, and after a few brief whispers the Board had prepared its verdict.

Captain Forrest stood, in his role as the accused’s commanding officer it fell to him to deliver the pronouncement. “We find the accused, Lieutenant T’Pol of the ISS Enterprise NX-01, guilty of the following charges: Sabotage, Wilful dereliction of duty in failing to safeguard an allied ship, Fraudulent use of access codes, Computer-related offences and Grand Imperial Treason”

“Yes indeed” replied the Judge-Advocate. “The only conceivable punishment here is death. Next… The investigation of Hoshi Sato into the recent events onboard ISS Columbia NX-02, namely incompetence in the execution of her duty and criminal-“

“WHAT?” bellowed both Hoshi and Max Forrest at once.

“It’s quite clear” replied the Judge-Advocate. “As a direct result of Lieutenant Sato’s negligence, a Vulcan had unrestricted access to vital Starfleet equipment with results as we just heard. That’s practically aiding and abetting, and she must be subjected to the same punishments!”

“Well, perhaps not exactly the same” giggled Captain Hernandez. “I don’t think I can drink that fast”.

Forrest looked in horror at his fellow captain, while the rest of the court continued laughing.

“This is intolerable!” cried Forrest, hastily paging through his notes. “Ah, here. Operational requirements. I don’t care about the Vulcan, we have hundreds of them, but Sato is vital to the continued functioning of the ship!”

More cynical whispers filled the room. The girl might have some oral talents… to say the least… but she was really nothing more than a glorified secretary and they all knew it.

“Be that as it may, captain, the statutes are very clear – the offense was carried out as a result of two people’s actions. That’s practically a criminal conspiracy!” screeched the Judge-Advocate.

The captain looked astonished. “This is ridic-“

“May I be of assistance, Captain?” uttered a shadowy figure.

The judge looked to the supposedly locked door. “Court recognises Commander Noel Madoxi, head of extra-terrestrial operations for Section 31”

“I couldn’t help overhearing your dilemma, Sir.”

These niceties was a calculated insult, all assembled knew that Section 31 operatives were the elite enforcers of Imperial Orthodoxy. They went wherever they wanted to, and overheard everything.

“I think we might be able to help. True, Imperial law dictates that these two must now share a punishment – but I think that might not necessarily be death, yes?”

“…go on…” stated Captain Forrest nervously.

“My teams have been working on Vulcan, and we’ve had a few problems… problems that I think your two young officers here might be able to help us with. Don’t misunderstand me, it won’t be pleasant for either of them… but you’re quite likely to get your gorgeous young Communications Officer back in one piece.”

Forrest felt trapped. He knew that his attachment to Sato had become a weakness, and having her killed would probably solve a lot of problems for him in the long-terms. However, Section 31 was now involved and offering him a way out? It seemed like he didn’t have a choice any more. And besides, there was no guarantee that they would both make it back…”

His moment of calculation over, Forrest addressed the sinister commander. “I accept. My crewmembers are offered on a secondment, to Section 31’s Vulcan project”.

“Witnessed” replied the Judge-Advocate. “Ladies, consider yourselves very lucky. Court is adjourned.”

The room emptied around T’Pol, still prostrate on the frigid floor in a pool of Hernandez’ cooling urine. Eventually MACO guards came for her, roughly dragging her limp form through the corridors and leading her finally to a cell with a washroom.

Despite her earlier degradation, T’Pol had managed to hold most of her fullness even as her fate was discussed around her. She couldn’t stand, but managed to drag herself across the cell floor and up onto the grime-covered toilet.

She didn’t even have the coordination left to pull down her sopping underwear, and simply pissed through the saturated panties for over a minute.

After a few more moments, her meditations took effect and she felt clearer. She glanced over to the hard pallet bed, and saw that a message had been delivered.

She got to her feet and hobbled across the room on sore legs, running the message through the terminal with this week’s resistance decryption key.

“T’Pol,

Unable to stop the trial but have found a Section 31 operative open to persuasion, has agreed to find alternative sentence. We had to surrender the location of Pa’Tiz temple, though he won’t be able to access the interior without a willing Vulcan. Ideally it won’t happen soon, any Vulcan aiding him will suffer at the temple’s defences. Even if this happens, the knowledge it protects is written in an ancient Preserver dialect and will be unintelligible without the aid of a prodigy in linguistics.

Live long and prosper,

X”

T’Pol closed her eyes again in despair, a lone tear puncturing her exhausted resolve.

To be continued...

*004*2012-03-07 21:50

Thanks for the feedback, chapter two is on the way and will include plenty of Hoshi.

Are you trying to collect the whole set, vexer? :D

When I was first getting into desperation I found http://www.patches.net/stories/tinker.htm

, some very impressive stories there. I doubt I could beat his Beverley and Troi story (Penn-Tran), and I'm not a great TOS fan either so his Uhura tale is probably your best bet there.

As far as DS9 goes, I can see Ezri being a more believable subject for a pee story than Jadzia. Maybe some sort of Trill rite where they must test and compare the new host body? Now that I think about it, Kira could be involved too. That Bajoran catsuit has potential.

*008*2012-03-11 04:41

Today there are two chapters, because this is getting a lot more plot-heavy than I anticipated and I thought you all deserved some actual omorashi.

Demands

Overheated engines began to power down as the transport shuttle met the brittle sands of a Vulcan desert. Three MACO troopers disembarked first, tracking every errant dust cloud with their oversized phaser rifles until they were certain of the area’s security. Their signalling drew Commander Madoxi of Earth Starfleet’s Section 31 from the safe belly of the craft, and at his nod another set of troops escorted the two prisoners onto the parched plain.

T’Pol had not spoken during the trip, but Hoshi was alternating between screams of outrage and frosty silence. All this because she hadn’t locked her station properly… she knew she shouldn’t have had that extra glass of orange juice, but who was to know that they would have to stay on alert before the rendezvous with the Columbia?

Well, T’Pol had obviously known… Hoshi’s eyes narrowed again as she contemplated this added betrayal.

Apparently satisfied with their bearings, Madoxi stowed his PADD and set off walking toward a distant patch of fuzzy shapes. The troops followed in his wake, escorting the two prisoners with an occasional peek of interest.

After some minutes, the party arrived at what had resolved into a loose camp of archaeological tents and large supply containers. The desert was no less oppressive here, though the temperature was slightly cooler – a relief to the travel-weary officers.

A perky young Lieutenant approached the Section 31 commander.

“Sir, we’ve finished the preliminary scans of the substructure. It looks like you were right, the barriers are quantum-locked and we can’t identify the controlling mechanism.”

“At ease, Ranel. I think these ladies might be able to help us out there. Gather the team, briefing in five minutes.” replied the black-clad operative, seemingly unaffected by the harsh ecology.

Ranel saluted before setting off around the camp. Madoxi turned to the two prisoners.

“Glad to be back, T’Pol? It’s not exactly Shi’Kahr I know, but our work is of paramount importance to the Terran Empire. Wouldn’t you like a chance to make up for your unfortunate betrayal?”

T’Pol opened her cracked lips to frame a response.

“Oh don’t bother, the deals have been done. What about your little friend here? Ms. Sato?”

Hoshi looked at him appraisingly. He clearly had the power here, and long experience had taught her how power worked in the Empire.

“Commander… I know I’ve made a few mistakes. What I want more than anything is to make it all better.”

She didn’t notice any reaction, and risked speeding things up a bit.

“In fact”, she continued as she stepped closer to the well-garbed agent, “I’d do anything… I know I’ve been bad…”

He just glared at her, and Hoshi realised that she’d gone too far.

“Fortunately for you both, we have a job that needs doing and so far none of my team has been… dedicated enough. If you follow instructions and don’t make too much noise, we can have you both back on Enterprise by the end of the month.”

Madoxi had seemed slightly affronted at her approach, and Hoshi berated herself for being so obvious. Of course Section 31 would have been trained to resist the usual political manoeuvrings and seduction techniques that were rampant throughout Starfleet.

The commander led them both to the largest tent, where assorted specialists stood around a tactical display bench.

“Sir” reported a sinewy MACO Corporal. “We’ve identified weak points here and here.” Two taps on the tactical screen rippled in and zoomed the display. “However, the gravimetric interference is still too strong to allow transport and any who attempt to enter physically have not returned.”

“Well ladies, I think your mission is clear enough” offered Madoxi. “get in and find what we’re looking for. What could be more simple?”

Hoshi looked on aghast, while T’Pol offered the only commentary she could muster. “Respectfully, sir, I do not see what could be gained by risking further personnel.” She took a canister of water from a passing ensign, and stashed it on her belt. “while I acknowledge that we mean little to you, significant resources have been invested in getting us here. There must be more to this that you have claimed.”

Hoshi pouted at the Vulcan’s initiative, but grabbed her own water at the next opportunity. She began to swig greedily at the frigid container.

“Logical as ever, T’Pol.” offered the cryptic operative. “In fact, we do have reason to believe that you two in particular will be ideally suited for this infiltration. Please equip yourselves from the quartermaster and meet me outside in…” he checked his wrist chronometer “fifteen minutes, local”.

The adjacent tent was a disorganised storehouse of surplus goods, and it took the two officers a long time to find uniforms that would suit their purpose in this unforgiving desert. T’Pol immediately abandoned her prison-issue overalls and ruined underwear, standing bare as she folded some distinctive Vulcan robes to fall properly once worn.

Hoshi was surprised by the uncompromising Vulcan’s lack of modesty, and took the time to study the trained curves of her fellow prisoner. Next, T’Pol pulled on a pair of long hide boots beneath the flowing grey robes while Hoshi augmented her cropped uniform shirt with too-tight shorts and laced running shoes. She even managed to find some kind of dye-gel, which she promptly used to repair her smudged eye makeup. T’Pol did her best to ignore this pointless act.

Both women ensured that plenty of the treasured water canisters were strapped to their excursion belts, and T’Pol carried additional rations in a small leather bag at her hip.

As they left the tent, Madoxi handed them each a PADD and a set of polarized lenses. T’Pol almost refused the dark pieces of glass, but considered that she had been away from the Vulcan suns and might need additional protection from their powerful glare.

Attired, the party began to make their way back into the desert. Madoxi had made the decision to brief them en-route, claiming that it would save time.

“Ms. Sato, you may not know this but the Vulcan people’s history is surprisingly violent. Some of our most devastating weaponry is based on fundamentals first discovered by T’Pol’s people.”

T’Pol trudged on, doing her best to ignore this commentary.

“I see your friend is having another quiet moment. Never mind. As it happens, last year’s offensive was made powerful by the discovery of a rather massive Psionic weapon – the ‘Stone of Gol’”.

T’Pol missed a step, and narrowly avoiding crumpling to the rough sands.

“Ah yes, I thought that might catch your interest. It wasn’t stable, sadly, but for a brief time we were unstoppable in the heat of battle.”

T’Pol had heard claims from her contacts that an artefact had been involved, but she had not suspected that Section 31’s resources were so sophisticated.

“The temple that guarded that device was practically on the surface, and protected by a field less than one percent of the intensity you will see shortly. Can you imagine what we might find next, Ms. Sato? I’m sure your comrade doesn’t need to imagine… she was brought up with these weapons as part of her folklore. Don’t ever doubt that the Vulcans are a destructive species.”

After more slow moments of travel, the group had reached an unremarkable rock arrangement. The MACO Corporal moved first, ducking into a small gap and disappearing into darkness. Her troops followed, leaving Madoxi to gesture.

T’Pol waited several moments before taking the first step, squashing her ample chest painfully against the jagged rocks as she struggled to edge into place. An unsteady-looking rope ladder was barely visible at the interior of the structure, disappearing into a deep void below. Taking a deep breath to center herself. T’Pol reversed over the gap and began to descend mechanically, feeling a slight chill at her uncovered rear whenever the long robe billowed.

Sato followed shortly after, more nervously. She had been eagerly guzzling at their water rations, and was beginning to feel a premonitory tingle in her abdomen. She had endured for longer in the past, however, and settled for adjusting the fit of her clinging shorts.

The pressure was slightly increased by this arrangement, but she felt more manoeuvrable and started the long descending climb. In her case, swirling currents of deep air made their way into the legs of her shorts and caressed the exposed cleft peeking above their stretched waistband. The suns were still bright from above, glazing her exerted chest.

They both reached flat ground, and Madoxi was not far behind. The MACOs were inspecting the display panels that adorned a large generator, and one stood on guard at the point where a natural gap in the rocky structure had revealed a shimmering energy field.

“Alright, it’s all-or-nothing time. This device has been bleeding energy from the field as much as it can, and it’s almost at the point of discharge. That will mean we can’t re-enter this place for another ten years at least, and the higher-ups will not want to hear that it has happened.”

For the first time, T’Pol felt some sympathy for the strange commander. Demands were harsh enough in mainstream Starfleet, but she had heard terrible things about Section 31 ‘failures’.

“The field is primed to allow passage only to two Vulcan priestesses. We’ve managed to distort the wavelengths enough to allow one Vulcan and one human, but none of my people have the right genetic profile.” He gestured to some charred skeletons just beyond the field. “Fortunately for you, Ms. Sato, there’s a 70% chance that you will make it through without an issue.”

Sato wanted to scream, but saw that matters had been beyond her control for a very long time.

“Sir, the generators are in final overflow configuration” reported the corporal.

“It looks like time.” replied Madoxi. “Get in, find the artefact… whatever it is… and find a way to neutralise the field so we can beam you out. Good luck.”

Pressures

T’Pol and Hoshi each felt a tingle pass over their exposed skin as they negotiated the weakened field. To their surprise, they couldn’t hear the generator behind them. Hoshi shouted back to Madoxi, who mouthed silently before gesturing them both onward.

An irregular decline opened out into a huge, near-spherical chamber as they descended further. After a few minutes of steady exertion, they reached a low pillar at the centre. Energy swirled at their approach, and a hologram flickered to life.

Hoshi was confused for a moment at the flowing syllables that emerged, never having encountered such an ancient dialect. T’Pol seemingly had no problems transliterating; “This beacon is an initial security measure, guarding the artefact within. There may be others.”

Now that she was aware of the context, Hoshi listened carefully to the prepositions in the phrase. This was comparable to an annotated play she had once heard, and she was struggling to remember the syntax. After a few passes of the looped recording, however, Hoshi felt she had a rudimentary understanding of the meaning.

T’Pol showed little surprise, but seemed to acknowledge Hoshi’s expertise. “Regrettably I will be unable to assist in translating any written text from this era. An entirely different set of glyphs were used, and much information concerning that time has been lost.”

“I got it” retorted Sato dismissively. “It doesn’t seem to say what the test is…”

T’Pol risked a closer look at the projector surface, discovering a large contact point visible at its center. Trusting in these ancient guardians, she activated it.

A second beam emerged from the plinth, scanning them both with soothing blue beams before focussing on Hoshi. The effects were not visible immediately, but after a few seconds it became clear that her clothing was being disintegrated.

Hoshi screamed and jumped backward, but the beam followed and Hoshi was reduced to her bare skin after another brief moment.

She shoved an arm across her exposed breasts and cupped between her legs with her other hand, raving at the turn of events.

“What the hell was that? Where did all my gear go?” she screeched.

T’Pol contemplated for a few seconds before speaking. “I speculate that the guardians of this temple were extremely security-conscious, and did not wish to allow any foreign matter into their inner sanctum.”

“Then why didn’t they strip you as well?” Hoshi spat back.

“This gown is traditional, spun from natural fibers native to this region of Vulcan. I suspect they programmed in exceptions for items they found useful. This hide bag, for instance.” T’Pol lapsed again into silence.

“Well, I don’t suppose you have another robe in the bag?” demanded the humiliated lieutenant.

“Regrettably not, though at least we still have sufficient food and water rations” replied the placid Vulcan.

‘Great’ thought Hoshi glumly. The play of chilled air across her bare skin was a constant reminder of her filling bladder.

“I propose we move on” offered T’Pol. “The priestesses may have kept supplies somewhere within.”

Hoshi set off at an uncomfortable shuffling pace, reluctant to leave herself uncovered for a moment.

“It is illogical to attempt modesty at this time, Lieutenant” said T’Pol. “this is hardly an ordinary situation, and your human mores have little utility.”

Sato saw the truth in this, though she refused to admit anything to the Vulcan. They continued awkwardly until they reached a connecting door.

Hoshi squinted up at the legend above the chamber. “It says something about ‘waiting’, or perhaps ‘relaxing’.

T’Pol agreed with this interpretation. “These terms were used for the ritual cleansing chambers often employed in important shrines. There will likely be further guidance within.”

The two entered the smaller chamber, and were surprised to discover a large and appealing banquet laid out. Hoshi’s eyes, however, were drawn to a large banner hanging from the long wall.

“Does this tapestry have any significance?” she asked.

T’Pol studied it for a moment before replying. “I do not believe so. It is most likely the emblem of the house serving as this temple’s benefactor.”

“Fine”. Hoshi clambered unsteadily onto a nearby dresser, small breasts juggling freely as she jumped on bare feet to grab a section of the cloth. After several attempts, she pulled it free and stepped back to the ground before folding it into a loose toga.

The final result was not impressive, hanging only low enough to cover her rear if she stood still. She was satisfied for the moment though, and knotted it again over her smooth right shoulder.

“I’d not want to report for inspection in this, but It’ll have to do for now. What’s our next move?”

T’Pol looked around the room again. “This food has clearly been preserved by some means, probably powered by the main grid. Vulcan priestesses are unlikely to use such huge resources unless it served some ceremonial purpose.”

The two of them contemplated the spread. In truth, they were both too stressed to enjoy such rich food.

“I propose we wait as instructed, and see if we can locate additional information.”

Several minutes passed in the room with the feast, and eventually Hoshi felt she must speak up. “Did Vulcan priestesses ever need to use the bathroom?” she offered, in what she hoped was a neutrally inquisitive tone.

“There are no cleansing rooms here, the Priestesses would ensure their freedom from dirt before entering such a place.”

“But what about... comfort?” Sato offered.

“The Vulcan digestive system can retain bodily fluids for several days if need be, making such facilities redundant in a construction of this type” T’Pol replied dispassionately as she examined an umarked vase on a far table.

Although her own need was becoming more pressing by the second, Hoshi was fascinated by this claim. “Then what happened in that courtroom?”

T’Pol turned around, clearly disgruntled. “I had been in solitary confinement for two days preceding the trial, and the waste reclamation device provided to me had been damaged. I suspect this was done deliberately, to affect my performance at the hearing.”

Despite herself, Sato couldn’t help but empathise at this point. She was fidgeting with the bottom of her makeshift robe, and cursed every cold breeze that spiralled through from the large entryway.

T’Pol turned to look at her, softening her expression slightly. “I understand that human biology is less resilient. I regret that you have no easy options, as any failure of control on your part could trigger an alert.

Hoshi became more desperate than ever. “What kind of alert?” she demanded as she resorted to openly grabbing her crotch.

“The system that controls the power grid would put the tests into lockdown and activate the lethal defences, most likely a nerve gas. I would survive for some minutes before being rendered unconscious; you would not. I urge you to hold on.”

“You think I’m not trying?!” muttered Hoshi from bared teeth, winding her legs together and swaying back and forth. “You have to help me!”

T’Pol remembered an empty water container in her satchel, and started to open the bag. The sloshing inside the other cannisters made Sato groan with need, and she hastily wound her legs the other way.

The canister was not quite empty, and T’Pol sipped the last of its pure contents before starting to work on the opening with her phaser. This took some time, as the Section 31 officers had locked the prisoners’ weaponry in low-power mode.

Another wave of sweat budded across Hoshi’s skin, chilling her even more. She dropped to her knees and sat down over her exposed heel, the brief robe riding up around her slim waist.

After what seemed like an age, T’Pol had finished enlarging the opening. She passed it down to Hoshi who snatched gratefully at the promise of relief.

“This container will only hold 200 milligrams, and I am reluctant to waste additional water at this stage. You will likely not attain full relief.”

Hoshi was almost driven to tears upon learning that she would somehow need to stop her imminent flow before it fairly began, but she remembered that even a tear might mean her death. In a delicate expression of control, she slid the canister into place beneath her bulging abdomen and started to release a measured flow.

The relief was instant, yet tainted by the demands of the situation. She wanted nothing more than to let her unwelcome fullness blast out of her with a deafening hiss. As it happened, she forced herself to only release a measured trickle that taunted and teased. In some ways the urge was growing more powerful as the insistent drips continued, as instinct and training led her body in trying to expel the heavy liquid.

After an all-too-short time she could see the canister almost fill, and exhorted her taxed kegels to hold on. It took a great effort of will, but after a few seconds she gained an unsteady equilibrium that let her stand again, if not be wholly comfortable.

Hoshi picked up the phaser diplomatically left on the floor by a silent T’Pol, and gradually re-sealed the canister.

*010*2012-04-20 21:58

A brief update, I aim to conclude this story over the coming weekend. Sorry for the delay.

Brimming

Hoshi Sato made her unsteady way back to a seat, gently crossing her strained legs.

“I… that did take the edge off. Thanks…”

T’Pol accepted this with neutral grace. “It was necessary. I will attempt to locate a more permanent solution.

“That would be… much appreciated” replied Hoshi, trying to show respect for her stern companion.

T’Pol herself was examining a fresco at the other end of the ‘waiting room’.

“I believe I have discovered our next step” she offered. “This ritual required tribute to be presented at a sacred location deeper within; identifying the correct gifts should open the passage forward and allow us to progress.”

T’Pol produced a scanning device from her pouch, and passed it over an unremarkable section of wall.

“The energy signal is focused on the feast table”.

Hoshi stood once more, flinching at the feel of the hard floor surface against her cooling feet. She saw T’Pol frown. “What now?” Hoshi asked, resigned.

The sinewy Vulcan typed in several more commands before her reply.

“The energy beam has lost integrity. Rather than targeting this carafe, it has been locked on to the preserved gespar juice within.”

Sato was unconcerned. “Why does that matter?”

T’Pol turned to face Sato, with deep brown eyes that conveyed the situation’s gravity.

“If we try to carry this container out of the room, the security measures will either poison us or remove the container with the same field that destroyed your clothing earlier. Neither option will prove effective.”

Sato considered for a moment.

T’Pol turned back to the table and stared at the bulbous pottery.

“Our only logical option is to take the gespar juice within ourselves, delivering it with our bodies.”

Sato’s face turned to horror at the implication.

“In deference to your situation, I shall take most of the juice.” offered the resolved Vulcan.

The pressure in Sato’s bladder had barely abated, and was not helped by the trickles and gulps made by T’Pol, consuming mouthful after mouthful of light, tangy liquid. After some moments, T’Pol unsteadily replaced the container upon the table and took a deep breath.

“I have imbibed as much as I reasonably can for now, and I recommend against making multiple trips. There is no guarantee that this room will be accessible.”

Sato waddled carefully to the table, trying to adjust her brief hemline around her taxed abdomen. Her heart sank as she saw how much juice was left.

T’Pol was starting to sweat despite the general chill. “I entreat you to hurry, Ms. Sato. We must travel at our earliest… convenience.” She was herself pacing, an expression of need she had managed to supress in the courtroom scant hours ago.

Hoshi lifted the carafe with care, and drew upon the extracurricular side of her academy training. Her sorority had once been engaged in a drinking contest with a neighbouring union, and Sato had been renowned for her gulping pace as well as her lack of a gag reflex. The latter half of this memory sent sympathetic pains shooting back to her re-filling bladder, and she concentrated instead on the juice in her view.

The gespar fruit’s juice was mild by Vulcan standards, but hit Sato’s experienced palate hard due to her overfamiliarity with shipboard fodder in the previous months. She flicked each mouthful back with her powerful tongue muscle in an efficient cycle of consumption.

She drained the container and gasped for air, supressing a belch with her free hand as the other placed the lightened ceramic back upon the table and then held her crotch as the cold liquid hit her shocked stomach. She wriggled on the spot for a few seconds until the immediate pain had abated.

“OK… let’s go” she muttered as the two officers shuffled their overflowing bodies towards a newly-visible doorway.

*012*2021-03-08 22:21

Another member of this forum is hoping to rescue this badly-planned tale, they have my approval and interest.

