RE: After Raccoon City

Author: Ducklett00

*000*2014-07-10 22:07

Hello!

I thought that maybe I should try to write some fiction and here is the result. I hope you like it. First time I try to write stuff like this, so tell me what do you like. Hope I didn't make many grammatical errors. All right, let's go!

Note: This doesn't happen in Raccoon City, It happens in city near Raccoon City. I Don't have name to it though :P

Jill Valentine jumped through window to the abandoned warehouse. She quickly draw her pistol and stood up aiming at the window. There were at least 15 zombies outside but they were still far away, she managed to outrun them. Jill lowered her weapon and ran through warehouse to the backdoor. She kicked the door open and checked quickly outside before leaving warehouse. The street looked like a war zone. Cars were burning, dead bodies lying on the street both civilians and cops, zombies wondering around. It couldn't have been more than two hours since the outbreak. Few zombie started to walk towards Jill, she ignored them and ran down the street dodging every zombie she could. She had to shoot three of them. Jill stopped after running few blocks, there wasn't sight of anyone being alive or any vehicle that could still work. She looked around and spotted a bar that looked like it was empty, she quickly ran inside and locked the door.

Jill breathed deeply, now she had time to think what to do, bar looked safe. Now that she wasn't running away from zombies she discovered another desperation, her bladder was full and she needed to find bathroom fast. Her apartment was overrun by zombies so she didn't have time to use the bathroom. Jill pressed her hands between her legs and started to walk toward the other side of the bar when there was sudden noise from her right side. Zombie was lying on the floor under table and it was trying to grab Jill's leg. Jill let out a short scream and she felt her panties becoming wet and warm.

She managed to stop peeing and broke zombie's neck by kicking it in the head. Jill took few step back and looked down. There wasn't any dark spots on her blue mini skirt but her panties were little wet. There was few drops on the floor where she had stood and her legs were still wet from urine. Jill looked around, there has to be something she could use to wipe her legs. Jill crossed her legs, now that she had peed a little, pressure was growing stronger in her bladder. She hurried to the back end of the bar, she hoped to find bathrooms in there but there was only kitchen and backdoor.

"What kind of bar doesn't have bathrooms?" Jill thought by herself.

Maybe those were outside? Maybe she could use kitchen sink to relieve herself.

Suddenly there was loud noises from backdoor, it sounded like someone was trying in. Jill hide behind counter keeping her weapon aimed to backdoor with right hand while her left hand was between her legs. Backdoor flew open and young college age girl ran in, she had long red hair tied to ponytail, blue jeans and red sleeveless jacket over black t-shirt. She looked around and saw Jill, who stood up pointing her gun at her.

"Wait! don't shoot!" girl yelled.

"Get down!"

Girl throw oneself to the floor and Jill fired her gun twice. Two zombies who were following girl, dropped dead to the floor, bullet hole on their forehead.

"Thanks, I owe you one" girl said and stood up.

Jill walked to girl still keeping her left hand between her legs.

"I'm Claire" girl introduce oneself.

"Claire? Claire Redfield?" Jill asked.

"Yes, how did you know?"

"Chris has told me about you, I'm Jill, Jill Valentine"

Claire looked at the woman, who was dressed in blue miniskirt and blue shirt.

"You know Chris? where is he, is he all right?!"

"I don't know where he is, we got separated about an hour ago. I'm sure he is fine" Jill answered.

"How do you know him?"

"Chris and I are um....partners, we were on S.T.A.R.S together"

"Partners?" Claire asked, her eyebrows raised and a little smirk on her face.

"We can discuss this later, can you handle a gun?" Jill answered.

"Yes"

"That other zombie who followed you looks like a cop, see if he has a gun"

Claire walked to the dead zombie and crouched next to it. She took pistol on it's belt and two clips. Claire stood up checking the gun and suddenly she felt wetness between her legs. She had peed a little when she thought Jill was going to shoot her. Claire felt her crotch with left hand. There was wet spot between her legs. Now her bladder was screaming for relieve. Claire looked at Jill, the look on her face and the way she was holding her crotch told her that she wasn't the only one with the full bladder. There was also little pee on Jill's legs.

"Is there bathroom here?" Claire asked and felt herself blushing a little.

"No, maybe those are outside, I was just..." Jill started.

Suddenly there was horrible howl of fury and anger. Jill felt a short stream of pee escape in her panties, it sting her crotch and thighs. Claire looked around in fear, the thing that had done that noise must be close by.

"How much ammo you have?" Claire asked.

"Two clip, you?"

"Three clip"

Claire was trembling from fear and desperation, her bladder has always been small. And the fact that she was almost peeing herself in fear didn't help her at all.

Jill looked at the back door and then to the front door, there wasn't anyone closing in. Without warning something caught her attention, she didn't see it clearly before it jumped through window. Time seems to slow down and Jill looked in horror what has crashed in. New type of tyrant, it face was same as the S.T.A.R.S killer in Raccoon City. Tyrant's left hand was like the earlier tyrant's, long deadly claws. Right hand was something different, it looked more like human's hand but there was huge eye below it's shoulder. Jill took aim and fired as the time seemed to accelerate.

Claire could only stand and watch. She looked straight to the eye and the eye stares back.

"No! Not this! Not again!" Claire thought.

Fear rushed through her body and she thought she heard hissing sound from her crotch over the gunfire. She was peeing in her pants and she couldn't stop it, she was too afraid. She trembled and dropped to floor, she couldn't move a muscle, she could only sit there wetting herself. Hot urine soaked her jeans and formed a puddle under her butt. Jill was still firing hideous monster what had started to approach them.

"We need more firepower! We have to get out of here!" Jill yelled to Claire.

Jill took aim and shot to the monster's eye on arm, it worked. Tyrant screamed in agony and lost focus on them. Jill ran to Claire and tried to get her up. Claire was still looking at the Tyrant and she was still peeing.

"Let's go!" Jill yelled

Claire seemed to snap out of it and she nod, she felt her bladder finally being empty. Jill helped her up and they ran outside. Jill and Claire ran few blocks and stopped to take a break. Claire started to sob and she turned away from Jill. Jill felt sorry for her, Claire's jeans were soaking wet, there wasn't really any dry spot.

"It's okay" Jill said and put her arm on Claire's shoulder.

"No it's not, I didn't even help to fight that monster"

"Don't worry about that, let's go find safe place and think what to do"

Claire turned to Jill and nod, her face was still wet from tears but she didn't sob anymore. Jill smiled at her, but inside she was sobbing. Claire wasn't the only one who had an accident. When Jill was shooting that Tyrant, she was also peeing herself.

Claire checked her gun again and Jill shaked her head a little and changed new clip in her gun. They looked each other, nodded and started to walk down the street.

TO BE CONTINUED or at least I hope you want me to continue this :)

*003*2014-07-15 20:02

Alright I finally had time to write second part, so here it is.

###

"Do you know what that thing was?" Claire asked, looking at Jill while they were slowly approaching next intersection.

"B.O.W, Umbrella's little pet" Jill answered.

"B.O.W?"

"Bio Organic Weapon, that one was Tyrant"

"You have encountered those things before?" Claire looked shocked.

Jill stopped next to a building and looked around the corner, street looked empty. Claire looked to the another direction, there was at least 10 zombies.

"Let's go this way, we have to find gun shop" Jill said nodding towards empty street. Claire quickly looked at the direction they were coming and followed Jill.

"Have you heard about the Arklay Mansion incident?" Jill answered to earlier question.

"Chris told me about it, you were there too!"

"Yeah, we encountered Umbrella's first Tyrant there. Chris was able to destroy it"

There was hungry moan from their right, two zombies was approaching them fast from the alley. Jill raised her weapon, but Claire fired twice before Jill had time to take aim. Both zombies fell on their back and didn't rise again.

"Chris taught you how to shoot?"

"Yes, but I also had to use gun in Raccoon City"

"You were in Raccoon City!"

"Yeah I went there to find Chris but the time I got there, streets were infested with zombies."

Jill stopped and made sure it was safe before talking again.

"I was also in Raccoon City, made it out alive just before Umbrella blew it up"

"Chris was with you?" Claire asked.

"No, he had already escaped from city. I managed to survive with help of former Umbrella soldier"

"I got help from a cop, his name was Leon S. Kennedy. It was his first day"

"Never heard of him. I resigned from S.T.A.R.S after Arklay incident, no one believed that it was Umbrella's fault"

Suddenly there was shriek from above. Jill looked up and saw Hunter Beta standing on rooftop. It was Human-Reptile, skin was dark and there was multiple tumours growing over it's head and back. Jill and Claire raised their weapons and started firing. Hunter leaped from the roof and landed behind them. At the same time windows shattered on the same building and zombies fell to the street, they stood up and started to approach them. There was at least six of them.

"Time to go!" Jill yelled over gunfire and reloaded her gun.

Claire turned and shot zombie who got too close to them, then she turned back to Hunter and fired. Shit! her gun was jammed. Hunter shrieked and leaped towards them. Jill pushed Claire out of the way and dodged Hunter's claws. Claire stood up and ran to Jill.

"Go!" Jill yelled firing Hunter.

Claire ran and Jill was right behind her, shooting Hunter at the same time.

"Look! there is gun shop!"

"Inside, hurry!" Jill yelled.

Claire kicked gun shop door open and stepped aside so Jill could get in. Jill walked in shooting Hunter and Claire slammed the door shut after Jill got in and locked it.

"I think we are safe" Claire said breathing fast.

"Yeah I think so too"

"I can't believe it have only been two weeks since Raccoon City incident, I can't go through this nightmare again" Claire cursed.

Jill looked around. Gun shop was small single room, there was gun racks on the walls but they were empty. Behind counter was a door.

"So what did you do after Raccoon City?" Jill asked and walked behind counter.

Claire raised her head.

"I broke in one of Umbrella's office. I searched their database and learned that Chris is here, so I came here and..." Claire spread her arms.

"God got funny sense of humour, you get in two different city just to find war zone" Jill laughed.

"What did you do after Raccoon City?"

"I came here to lay low. I managed to contact Chris and heard that he was also here" Jill took two pistol ammo box under counter.

"Chris had hear rumors about new type of Tyrant, the one we ran in must be the one. About two hours ago Chris came to my apartment, he told me that Umbrella has found us" Jill continued and searched under counter again.

"Then what?" Claire asked.

"We were attacked by four Umbrella soldiers, we managed to kill three of them and the fourth was aiming at me and he would have kill me if it wasn't for Chris. He threw himself against soldier and they both crashed through window, we were on fifth floor. By the time I got in the alley Chris was gone and zombies were eating soldier's body, apparently Chris managed to land over him and survive the fall"

"Chris didn't have gun?"

"It looks that way or he was running low on ammunition so he had to escape. Anyway I rushed back to my apartment and waited there if Chris would come back, then I had to escape because zombies overran it"

"Then you ran into me?"

"Yeah"

Claire walked to counter, Jill stood up and put five empty clip on the counter.

"This is all I can find, let's reload and get out of here" Jill said.

Claire checked her gun and Jill put ammunition in clips. Jill handed three clips to Claire and took the rest of them to herself. Jill walked to back door and Claire brace herself. Jill pulled the door open and Claire went through. She was in back room, it was smaller than the shop, there was boxes on the floor and they looked like they were empty. Jill walked across the room to a door that looks like it could lead outside.

"Hey look at that" Claire said and kicked few boxs out of the way. There was pump action shotgun on the floor.

"Is it loaded?"

Claire took shotgun and checked it.

"Yes"

"Take it, that Tyrant may find us"

Claire strap the shotgun and walked behind Jill who open the door and step outside.

They were standing on the end of dimly lighted alley, there was few dead bodies and some blood over walls. Jill and Claire looked each other and started walking. Few bodies moaned hungrily, but they couldn't stand up or do anything they were pretty much shot in pieces. Claire felt little uneasy. Every time she was scared she had this urgent need to go to the bathroom and even now she felt her desperation growing. Alley turned sharply to the right, Jill peeked around the corner and keep on walking. Claire followed her and saw that there was burning car blocking their way.

"Great, what now?"

Jill stopped near the car and look around. Claire turned her eyes to the way they were coming.

"There is no other way out of here, we have to go through sewers" Jill said.

Claire turned around, Jill was looking at the hole on the ground. Sewer lid had been opened already. Claire step closer and quickly backed away.

"Oh god it reeks"

"We can't go back, this is the only way" Jill started to descent into the sewer.

"After this I really need to take a shower" Claire muttered.

"It looks like Umbrella has been here."

Claire took deep breath and descended into the sewer. Jill was already walking into one direction. There was soldiers dead bodies all over the place. Sewer was lighted with flares. Claire ran after Jill.

"How do you know where to go?"

"I don't, let's just follow flares into next manhole and get out of here"

"Then what?"

"We should head for police station, see if there still is chopper on the roof"

"And maybe use bathroom" Claire thought by herself as she felt her desperation growing. She didn't want to pee in her pants again.

Number of dead bodies started to grow and the stench got worse at every step they took. Sewer turned slightly to left and expanded into large empty space.

"Look there is manhole" Jill said.

They step in the empty space, on their right was path to other part of the sewer. On their left was huge pile of dead bodies, there had to be hundreds of them.

"Now we know where this stench come from. Umbrella must been dumping bodies in here, but for what? These looks like they have been dead for days"

"Let's just get out of here" Claire said, she looked like she was going to be sick.

"Umbrella must have been trying to cover their doing." Jill walked closer to pile.

"Look! there is some mutation in these bodies, these are test subjects" Jill said.

"Test subjects!?"

"That Tyrant is based on human, so these are failures"

"I think I'm going to..."

Jill looked to Claire, she kept her hand over her mouth. Claire fell on her knees and threw up. Jill walked to her and helped her up.

"I'm sorry, the stench"

"It's okay, let's get out of here"

Fresh air felt good in their lungs after that horrible stench. They were lucky because the manhole was open so they could quickly get out from sewers. Claire looked like she was going to throw up again but she said she would be fine, she just needed to rest for a minute. Jill look around, there wasn't any zombies nearby. Few dead bodies were lying on the street and on both direction of the street was burning cars, they created blockade.

"Great we are stuck again" Jill cursed.

"Look behind you" Claire said smiling.

Jill turned around, they were standing in front of the police station. Front gate was open and front yard was full of dead bodies, front door was shattered.

"It looks like this place has been under attack" Claire said.

Jill and Claire ran into the police station lobby. Lobby was medium round shaped, on the back was stairs to other floors and in the middle was info desk. On the sides of lobby was three door, they were all nailed shut. Whole lobby was covered in blood but there wasn't any bodies on sight.

"What happened here? where are all the bodies?" Claire asked looking shocked.

"Maybe somewhere outside" Jill said and walked to info desk.

"Can you check from that computer is the chopper still there?" Claire asked and followed Jill.

"There should be security camera on roof so yeah"

Suddenly a weak voice came from behind the desk. Jill and Claire raised their weapons and go around the desk, Claire on the other side and Jill on the other. Police woman was sitting against desk, she was covered in blood and she was spitting lots of blood. She was dressed in police uniform, her hair was short and black, she look like she was only 19.

"Who...Who is it?" she was able to ask.

Jill and Claire quickly crouched next to dying woman.

"I'm Jill and this is Claire, I was member of RPD special team S.T.A.R.S back in Raccoon City. Is the chopper still on the roof?"

"S.T.A.R.S...Umbrella soldiers...roof...blow up...chopper" woman said, her eyes rolled and she fell on her side, she was dead.

"It looks like she has been shot multiple times" Claire said as she leaned forward.

"We have to get on the roof now!" Jill stood up and hurried to the stairs.

"What? why?!"

"Umbrella is about to blow up the chopper"

Claire take a look of woman one last time and hurried after Jill. They ran to the third floor, it was the only floor that door wasn't nailed to shut. Jill opened door and they ran through corridor, there was many doors but they ignore them. End of the corridor was door, over the door there was a sign that said it lead to roof. Claire kicked door open and Jill ran past her to the stairs that led to roof.

Chopper was still on the roof, there wasn't sign of anyone. Could they get out of this nightmare?

"Maybe she was wrong, there is no one here" Claire said.

Suddenly chopper blew up, blast wave hit Jill and Claire and they fell on their back.

"No!" Claire yelled.

Jill stood up, Claire was still sitting on her butt but she got up as well. Jill look burning wreckage in horror, then she heard noises on right. Two Umbrella soldier dressed in all black was standing on the edge and they were aiming Jill and Claire with assault rifles.

"Take cover!" Jill yelled and pushed Claire behind concrete wall, at the same time soldiers open fire.

Bullets hit the place they were just standing. Jill took a peek and quickly get back behind wall, bullets hit the wall.

"They are wearing kevlar, we have to shoot them in the head" Jill said.

"I'm sorry, my control hasn't been like it used to be"

Jill looked at Claire who was blushing and looking down. Jill look at Claire's feets. Clear liquid was gushing out from Claire's grotch and around her ankles. She was peeing herself again. Shooting had stopped but there was different sounds.

"No! What are you!"

Jill looked behind the wall, she saw other soldier flying to the air and then he fell down past roof. Other soldier was still standing on the edge but his abdomen was pierced with long glaws. Huge monster was standing next to him, it was Tyrant. Soldier puked blood through his mask, Tyrant let low howl and then it raised other hand and hit him with fist. Sound of breaking neck echoed in the night, Tyrant threw dead soldier down from the roof and it turned it's eyes to Jill. It knew they were there. Jill looked at Claire who was still peeing, her face showed fear. Tyrant's howl of fury echoed in their ears. Stream from Claire's grotch suddenly got stronger and she started to cry in fear. Jill felt fear rushing into her bladder and she suddenly also felt the urge to go to the bathroom.

TO BE CONTINUED

Oh and please tell me what you think about this story so far. I'm never satisfied with my own work, so I appreciate all the comments.

Oh yeah and one more thing, off-topic: LivingInfinite, I really like your metroid art :)

*008*2014-08-18 02:37

Phew, I finally finished the third part. I have been busy so it took longer to write, I barely have had time to sleep. So here is the third part.

###

Tyrant started to approach them, every massive step it took shook the roof. It would get to them in matter of seconds. Jill checked her gun and took a deep breath, she looked at Claire.

"Claire we have to get out of here"

Claire shook her head, she was too afraid to do anything. Jill knew she had no other choices, she had to fight with Tyrant. Jill jumped out behind wall and took aim, Tyrant was few steps away from her. She fired twice and dodged away from Tyrant's claws. Jill ran to halfway of the roof and raised her gun, she fired again. Tyrant didn't even flinch, it didn't seem to even notice the bullets. Tyrant turned around and look at Jill, at least Jill got it's attention. She backed away and fired until clip was empty, she quickly changed new clip in her gun and continued to fire. Tyrant took few steps towards her and suddenly it started to run. Shit! It was fast, very fast. Jill barely had time to dodge claws, they missed her by inch.

She lunged forward and ran, Tyrant jumped over Jill and landed in front of her. Jill fell on her butt, she backed away and got up. Tyrant howled in rage and ran towards Jill, it raised left hand and hit from up to down. Jill jumped away and it didn't hit her, claws went through roof. It was stuck. Jill took some distance between them, she fired Tyrant to head and chest. It had no effect, Tyrant just got angry and it pulled off claws from roof. Gun was empty again and Jill reached for new clip, Tyrant ran towards her and hit with fist. Jill dodged it by leaning to side, she stared to arm eye for second and Tyrant hit her with the back of the hand. Jill flew to air and Tyrant also hit her with claws. She felt sharp pain in her abdomen and saw blood gush from the wounds.

Jill fell to edge of the roof and she hit her head in the concrete. Jill's vision was blurred and she saw everything in two, she also had hellish headache. Tyrant approached her, Jill had managed to keep her gun and she fired, except the gun was empty. She tried to get new clip, but her coordination wasn't good, she managed to find new clip but she couldn't put it in her gun. Tyrant was now only few steps from her. Fear rushed through her body and took control of her bladder, warm urine started to gush in her panties. It quickly soaked her panties and skirt, soon she was lying in puddle of her urine and she was still peeing like Niagara Falls. Tyrant raised left hand for the killing strike. Suddenly shot was fired and Tyrant swayed. Jill looked right and saw Claire walking towards them, shotgun in her hands. Claire fired again and Tyrant step one step backwards, shotgun seemed to have enough power to make some damage.

Jill tried to put clip in her pistol, but she was still very dizzy. At least she managed to take control of her bladder, but it was still very full. Claire fired and Tyrant backed away, it was now standing few steps away from edge. Claire pumped shotgun and fired, Jill heard click sound, shotgun was empty. Claire threw shotgun away and draw pistol, she fired and didn't stop. Tyrant howled and started to approach Claire. Claire stopped and took aim, she fired in the Tyrant's arm eye. Tyrant started to scream in agony, it backed away all the way to edge. Claire started to walk again and she fired to eye. Tyrant was smarter than that, it covered the eye with left hand and howled in fury. Claire didn't stop instead she started to run towards Tyrant firing her gun at same time. Jill suddenly realised what Claire had in mind.

"Claire no! Don't do it!"

Claire jumped in front of Tyrant before it raised left hand and kicked Tyrant to chest. Tyrant swayed backwards and it stumbled on edge, Tyrant fell of the roof. Claire was breathing fast and she looked down from edge. Jill sighed in relieve, her bladder muscles gave up and she was peeing again. Jill closed her eyes and fainted after her bladder was empty.

Jill regain consciousness, she was lying on the floor on her side. There was many desks in a row so she thought that she was in some sort of office. Jill heard footsteps on her left.

"Are you alright?"

Jill raised her head. It was Claire, she was standing next to her.

"Yeah I think so, I just have hellish headache"

"I couldn't find any First Aid Spray to your wound so I cleaned it and put bandage to it"

Jill stood up to sitting position and looked down. She had no shirt on, instead she was wrapped in white bandage which was stained in blood. Bandage covered her abdomen area and her breasts, blood stains was on her abdomen area.

"Your shirt was pretty much torn apart and uh...."

"Wet?"

"Yeah"

Claire was suddenly blushing.

"You don't need to be embarrassed, I know that I peed in my panties"

"No! it's not that" Claire said shaking her head and turned away.

Jill looked at Claire and then she remembered that she wasn't wearing bras. So Claire must be embarrassed about seeing Jill's boobs.

"Where are we?" Jill asked and stood up, she felt dizzy.

"Take it easy" Claire said and hurried to help Jill to stand on her feets.

Jill leaned to wall and closed her eyes to steady her head.

"We are still in police station, I didn't dare to drag you any further" Claire answered.

"We can't stay here, Tyrant may find us"

"I don't think it's coming back soon"

Jill opened her eyes and looked at Claire.

"How long I was unconscious?" she asked.

"One hour maybe more" Claire answered.

Jill look around. Room was small, there was door behind them on their left. Six desks was on other side of the room, there was wide desk on their left and big communication radio on right.

"Does that work?" Jill asked pointing radio.

"I don't know how to use it so I have no idea" Claire said.

Jill walked to radio and pushed few buttons, nothing happened. She tried again and nothing happened, Jill hit radio with her fist.

"It's busted, maybe those Umbrella soldiers destroyed this"

"So now what we do?" Claire asked.

"Let me think a second, how much ammo we have?"

"You have last clip in your gun and I have two clips" Claire answered.

"Maybe we should check the hospital, there might be chopper on the roof"

"Alright"

"But first let's find some clothes, there should be locker rooms in the basement"

Claire nodded, Jill checked her gun and walked to door. Jill opened door and walked to corridor, Claire was right behind her. Corridor was empty and quiet. They walked to their right all the way to end of corridor and went through door to stairs. Claire look to lobby over railing, there wasn't anyone.

"Body of that cop is gone" Claire said

"I don't think it's in here"

Jill was already walking down the stairs, Claire hurried after her.

Basement corridor was full of blood and body parts, there was also piles that looked like human organs. They had to go to lobby first and then take stairs down to basement.

"What happened here?" Claire asked.

"Looks like zombies overran this place"

"I don't think zombies did this" Claire said and crouched next to leg.

"So let's be extremely careful" Jill said and looked left and right.

"What do you suggest, should we split up?" Claire said and stood up.

"No, it's better to stay together"

"So which way?"

"Let try this one" Jill said and walked to left.

Corridor turned left and then right. Jill walked few steps ahead of Claire, suddenly there was sound from above. Corridor's roof suddenly crashed and large pile of concrete came down. Jill lunged forward, Claire stood where she was and covered her head with arms. Corridor was full of dust. Jill coughed and look behind, pile of concrete was blocking the way. There wasn't way through it.

"Claire! are you alright?!"

"Jill? yes I'm alright, you?" Claire's voice was faint but clear.

"Yeah I'm fine, it looks like we have to split up"

"Okey, where do we meet?"

"There must to be car park near by, I meet you there"

"Alright, good luck"

Jill took deep breath and ran to end of corridor where it turned right. There was two doors on right side of the corridor. Jill tried the first door, it was locked. She walked to next door and suddenly the first door flew open, Hunter Beta jumped to corridor and shrieked. Jill tried the door, it was open. She quickly went through it and looked around, she was standing in small square room. There was many shelves in middle and racks on walls. She was standing in weapon room. Door behind her flew open and Jill fell to floor, Hunter jumped in and turned around, it look straight at Jill. Fear rushed through her veins, pistol would be useless.

Then she spotted something behind Hunter. Wooden box on the floor, there was label on it that said: grenades. Jill took aim and fired, praying that it would work. Bullets hit the box and it exploded. Hunter shrieked as blast wave hit it and tossed it across the room, Hunter was dead before it hit the wall. Jill was still lying on floor covering her head, she carefully raised her head and looked around. Room was on fire, Jill got up and examined her surrounding more carefully. Everything she could use was on fire, there was nothing useful remaining in there. Jill started turning around and make her way to door when she spotted more grenade boxes on floor near the first one, and they were on fire.

"Oh shit!"

Explosion was huge, blast wave hit Jill and tossed her out from room. She flew to corridor wall and hit her head, she passed out before falling to floor.

Claire had made her way to other storage where was only riot gears, when explosion shaked the whole building. Little pieces of concrete fell from roof and few shelves fell down.

"Jill!"

Claire looked around, room was pretty small and there was only shelves in middle and riot shields on walls. Claire turned around and exited the room, she standed in corridor again. On her right was corner and behind that corner was corridor where the basement door was, on her left was still two doors before corridor turned right. She had to find that car park and then make her way to Jill, she could be hurt or worse. Claire walked to next door and opened it. Room was huge, full of gym machines.

There seemed to be any useful items. Claire closed the door and walked to third door, she opened it and looked inside. It was small cleaning closet, there was nothing more than cleaning equipment. Two hungry moans came from right, Claire raised her gun turning right at the same time. Corridor was empty, she lowered her gun little and approached corner. Claire took a quick peek behind corner. Two zombies were lying on the floor, they didn't have arms or legs so they couldn't move. Claire go round them and walked to door at the end of corridor, she opened it and went through.

Car park was huge, there was six police car parked. At the end of car park was ramp to ground level, armored police vehicle was blocking the way out. Claire walked few steps and looked around, there had to be other door somewhere. Huge office was on her left side, maybe there was one behind it. Claire walked towards office and suddenly something grabbed her leg, she fell on ground and gun slip from her hand. Pistol slid under police car. Claire turned on her back and looked what had grabbed her leg, it was zombie. Claire quickly kicked it in head, zombie let go and Claire backed away.

Suddenly many hungry moans came from every directions, at least eight zombies raised behind cars and started to approach her. Claire started to panic, she was surrounded. Her body acted like from habit, she felt warmth starting to spread in her pants again. As she emptied her bladder in her pants, she also felt strange feeling in her abdomen and suddenly something heavy dropped in her pants. Claire's eyes widened as she realised what had happened, she curled up in ball like shape as zombies approached her slowly without any change of her to escape.

"Help!" Claire cried out.

Jill's head was already aching and now the pain was even greater, she slowly stood up and leaned against the wall. Her head was spinning and it was hard to stay on her feets. Weapon room was totally destroyed, large piles of concrete was everywhere in room and also in corridor. Jill picked up her gun and then she heard a distant cry of help.

"Claire!"

Jill started running towards end of corridor where it turned right, her head was still spinning so she staggered across the corridor. She turned right at the end and saw that corridor was long, there was two doors at the right side of the corridor and one at the end. Sounded like cries came behind the door at the end of corridor.

"Hang on Claire! I'm coming!"

Jill ran to door at the end and tried it, it was locked.

"Great, just my luck"

Jill raised gun, took aim and fired twice to lock mechanism. Door opened and Jill kicked it fully open. She was standing in car park, there was office on her right and two police car parked on her left. There wasn't a sight of Claire anywhere. Then she heard sounds behind the office. Jill quickly ran past office. Claire was lying in the middle of car park and nine zombies was approaching her, they were all dressed as cops.

"Claire!"

"Jill help!"

Jill quickly took aim and started killing zombies. They fell to ground one by one and when there was three remaining Jill's gun made a click sound. Shit! her gun was empty and she didn't have any clips left.

"Jill!"

Claire tossed a clip towards Jill. Time seemed to slow down. Jill catched clip from mid air and jammed it in her gun, zombie was bending over Claire and was ready to bite. Jill took aim and killed the remaining zombies. Time returned to normal and Claire stood up slowly.

"Are you alright?" Jill asked and walked to Claire.

"Yes, I..." Claire seemed tearful.

Jill opened her mouth to ask what was wrong, when Claire lunged to hug her.

"I pooped in my pants" Claire said and bursted into tears.

Jill hugged back and didn't let go, she felt sorry for Claire. Claire cried against her shoulder and Jill lowered her left hand and felt the back of Claire's pants. Jill felt a bulge, there was definitely poop in Claire's pants. They stood there couple minutes hugging each others, Claire finally was able to pull herself together and stop crying. Claire took few steps back and wiped her tears.

"Thank you" Claire said.

"It's okay, you can let it all out. I'm right here" Jill said, her voice full of sympathy.

Claire was able to smile a little, Jill smiled back.

"There was two door that I didn't check, I think those are locker rooms" Jill said and turned around.

"Finally! but wait, we have to find my gun first"

"Where is it?"

"I think it slid under one of the cars"

They separated to check under cars, after two cars Clare found the gun.

"Alright let's go" Claire said.

Jill and Claire went to corridor where Jill had came from, they checked the first room. By the look of it, it seemed like men's locker room. Large, full of lockers, naked girl posters on the walls, couple punching bags and other manly stuff. Next room was women's locker room. It was same size as men's room, same amount of lockers but there was horse posters and other girly posters on the walls. Jill thought that maybe it was more like a inside joke. They started to check the lockers but there was only few lockers that wasn't locked. Jill opened first one, it was full of sex toys and there was many pictures of same woman posing in different positions naked.

"Now this is naughty" Jill said and closed locker.

"Jill here, I found you a shirt"

Jill turned around, Claire closed locker and tossed black shirt to Jill. Jill examined it more carefully, it was dress shirt with short sleeves. Jill put it on and buttoned up. It fit perfectly, it put little pressure on her boobs but it didn't matter. Jill walked to next locker that wasn't locked, Claire was already examining other one. Jill opened the locker and looked inside. There was only light blue jeans, sneakers and towel.

"Have you found anything?" Jill asked and took jeans out from locker, it looked like it fit for her.

"Yeah I found cycling shorts, you?" Claire answered.

"I found jeans. I also found towel, we can use it to clean ourselves"

Jill undress her skirt and blue panties, panties were soaking wet and skirt was wet from the back. She took towel from locker and started to wipe herself. Jill took a quick peek to Claire, she had undress her jeans and was looking at the floor. Claire was still dressed in her panties, they were pink but had darkened from all the pee, there was also a bulge on the back of panties. Jill turned her eyes away from Claire, she felt like Claire needed a little time by herself.

"Here's the towel, you can use it" Jill said and put towel on the bench that was between her and Claire.

"Thanks"

Claire undress her panties looking at the other way and tossed them in the locker, she didn't want to look at them. She could still feel that poop on her butt. Claire took the towel from bench and started wiping herself, Jill had already put jeans on. She looked kinda cute in them. Claire tossed towel to floor after she had cleaned herself, she had already taken shorts from locker so she put them on.

"Alright I'm ready" Claire said.

Jill turned around, shorts that Claire was wearing was black and they seemed to fit perfectly.

"Alright, but I think we should drink something before we leave" Jill said and pointed vending machine near the door.

"Yeah, you're probably right"

Jill walked to vending machine and examined it a moment, then she kicked it few times and couple tin cans of lemonade dropped from it. She picked them up and tossed one to Claire, they sit down to bench and started drinking. After ten minutes they had drink enough, both of them had drank five tin cans.

It took them almost half an hour to reach hospital, even though it was only few blocks away. After they had drank enough they went through car park pass the armored vehicle and got outside. After that they had to go round many zombies, because they didn't want to waste any more ammo. Hospital's lobby was huge, full of benches and dead bodies. There wasn't sign of any zombies.

"You think it's safe to proceed?" Claire asked.

"Yeah, this is our last chance. There probably aren't any choppers elsewhere" Jill answered.

She walked to middle of lobby and Claire followed her, no sign of anyone.

"Hopefully elevators work, otherwise we have to take the stairs" Jill said and walked to elevators that were on the left side of the lobby.

She pushed buttons on both elevator, nothing happened. Jill shaked her head and walked back to Claire.

"Looks like we have to take stairs" Claire smirked.

Stairs was at the end of the lobby opposite side of the front door. Jill and Claire slowly walked to stairs and started to ascend them. On the second floor they had to stop, stairs to third floor was on fire.

"This will slow us down, we have to find another way to roof" Jill cursed.

"Or maybe we can use extinguisher? if we can find one"

Jill nodded and looked around the corridor, there wasn't any extinguisher on sight. Corridor was like after war, there was grenade blast marks all over the place and gun cartridges.

"Has the Umbrella been here?" Claire asked after she saw dead man who had been shot to chest.

"It looks like it, or other survivors"

"But why would they shoot other survivors?"

"Maybe to take the chopper for themselves, we have to hurry" Jill answered.

They ran down the corridor and turned right. They passed many doors, every door had name tags on them that indicated who was doctor in that room.

"Jill wait!" Claire suddenly said.

Jill turned around, Claire was standing few feets behind her. Jill walked to Claire and looked at the door which Claire was looking. It had different kind of tag. There wasn't name on it, it said: supplies.

"Maybe we should see if we can find medical supplies" Claire said.

"Yeah, aspirin would be great"

"And First Aid Spray, for your wound"

Claire pushed door open and they looked inside. It was big room full of closets and vitrines, there was also big table in the middle. Jill walked to one vitrine and looked inside, there was many bottles of different medicines. few bottles had label that said: aspirin. Jill took one bottle and opened it, she took two pills from it and swallowed them. She walked slowly around the room and checked every vitrine and closet. Every useful medical item had already been taken.

"There is nothing useful here, have you found something?" Jill asked and walked to Claire.

Claire had been standing in front of same closet all the time. Jill looked into closet, it was full of different pack of adult diapers. There was many brands and different sizes. Jill turned her eyes to Claire who was looking at her, maybe she was thinking same as Jill was thinking.

"I won't tell anyone" Claire said.

"Neither do I" Jill answered.

Claire took one pack of medium size diapers from closet and ripped it open. She handed one diaper to Jill and took one for herself. Jill looked at diaper little confused, she didn't know how to put it on. Claire had already lowered her shorts and put the diaper on, she pulled shorts back on. Jill saw diaper bulging under Claire's shorts, she could easily tell that Claire was wearing diaper.

"What's the matter?" Claire asked.

"How do you put this on?"

"It's rather easy, here let me help you"

Claire walked to Jill and took diaper from Jill's hand.

"Lower your jeans"

Jill lowered her jeans to knees. Claire set diaper between Jill's legs and fastened tapes.

"You see, it's not hard" Claire said, suddenly she started to blush and she turned away.

"Thank you, it nothing to be ashamed of" Jill said and pulled her jeans back on.

"Maybe you're right"

Jill walked to Claire and gave few pats on her diapered bottom.

"Let's go" Jill said while smiling at Claire.

"Yeah, okay" Claire answered to smile.

Claire and Jill took a final glance to diaper closet and exited the room.

TO BE CONTINUED

I hope there wasn't many grammar errors :) And again let me know what you think about this part, I appreciate all the comments. It helps me to write better and maybe gives me ideas. Next part will be the last, however I haven't fully decided it yet. So if you want to see certain features like more pooping or so on, please tell me. Maybe I get more ideas and the next part won't be the last.

