Doing the Pee Pee Dance for the Talent Show??

Author: iamdreggman

*000*2017-04-10 22:07

This is a little fictional story of a teenager named Samantha who had an embarrassing pee desperation experience. She is slim, and has long blonde hair and blue eyes.

The 11th grade talent show was coming soon, and Samantha had planned to show off her singing skills. Unfortunately, not everyone enjoyed her vocals when she'd sing in class, but she was unaware of that. After several days of practicing, the Talent Show was finally here.

Hours before the Talent Show, Samantha was in a nervous wreck. Because of this, she drank a lot of juice to calm her down for the show. Her friend, Brianna, tried to calm her down, though she herself knew Samantha didn't have the best singing voice.

"It's okay, Sammy", she said, "you're gonna do just fine".

"Are you sure?", Samantha replied back.

"Yeah, don't worry about it! You'll definitely win 1st place!"

Time had passed and the Talent Show began to commence. There were several different performances: Magic tricks, dancers, and other singers. But Samantha was confident in her abilities thanks to Brianna. She wore a green glittering tank top along with a white micro skirt and converse shoes. She thought it was too revealing at first, but she decided to wear it to appeal to the audience and increase her chances of winning. As she waited for her turn, she started to feel the need to use the bathroom, but she thought, "It's too late for that now. My performance is next, I'll manage". Oh, how wrong she was.

When the MC called Samantha up, the audience applauded for her, expecting a sub-par performance but not throwing shade nonetheless. Samantha got on the stage with pride, took the mic, and started to sing Bruno Mar's "That's what I like". And that's when it kicked in.

All of a sudden she felt the sudden urge to pee, but she attempted to hold it in, pressing her thighs together. "Calm down", Samantha said to herself. "You can hold it". But as she went through the first minute of the song, the desperation took a massive effect. She shook her legs in and out in order to suppress herself. Brianna noticed this, but simply assumed that her knees were knocking together in stage fright, and so did others. The audience began whispering to each other, and Samantha continued to try to sing, but then, she realized that she was not gonna last that long without peeing.

The song was almost done, yet Samantha REALLY needed to go. Now she wasn't just shaking her legs moderately, she was flapping them! As she did her best to hold in the pee, she gyrated, opening and closing her legs rapidly and wildly, as if she was doing the funky chicken. Brianna realized this wasn't any ordinary stage fright, and wondered why she was doing that. Everyone in the audience gasped and starting laughing at Brianna, fortunately thinking her wobbly-leg dance was a part of the performance. However this wasn't funny for Brianna, who's legs wiggled so hard that her thighs slapped together, making a comedic noise, causing the audience to laugh even harder! That was when she knew she couldn't take it anymore, about to burst.

Forgetting the fact that the audience was there, she held her crotch while still knocking her knees in and out. The MC and the judges noticed that Samantha was going a little too far with her dance, especially considering that her skirt rode up when doing that silly "dance". They told her to stop her performance, but Samantha's ego made her continue to sing and hold in. Then, something happened that shocked the entire audience: She let it all out.

The audience was speechless as Samantha's pee filled the stage floor. Samantha, in shock herself, looked down and saw the mess she had made. Not knowing what to do, she tried to get the audience to think it was all part of the act by flapping her knees again, this time while lifting her skirt to see if there was still a chance of winning the crowd. Sadly, the audience was in disgust at her mess, and clapping her legs while exposing her pee-filled panties didn't help at all. Everyone was still frozen, including the judges, and the janitor. That's when Samantha's knees began to knock uncontrollably, however, it was not due to desperation, not due to her dance moves, but due to fear and embarrassment.

%t38.mp4

*003*2017-04-11 22:35

{{22 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Pretty good, except I think you said "Brianna" twice when you meant "Samantha"

}}

Ah, you're right. Thanks for pointing that out.

