Adventure Time One-Shots

Author: mourn365

*000*2023-02-16 22:40

A/N: Hello! I've been writing these stories for a few months now, and I've now decided to import them here! You can check out my AO3 profile here:

%https://archiveofourown.org/users/mourn365

Requests and contructive criticism is apperciated!

Chapter One: A Wet Concert

Marceline squeezed her legs together. This sucked. She was currently performing a show in the Candy Kingdom, on a stage in front of a massive crowd. In the crowd, was her girlfriend Princess Bubblegum, and her dear friend, Simon Petrikov. That didn’t suck, she loved performing and she loved her girlfriend and foster father. No no, the part that sucked was that she had to piss. Badly.

Marceline shook her head and began singing her next song. Throughout the song, she continuously shifted her weight, trying to hold on to what felt like gallons of pee. She saw Bonnibel and Simon looking at her strangely. As she finished her song, she felt herself sweating. She grinned and took off her shirt, throwing it into the crowd. She winked at Bonnibel, seeing her face turn red. Marceline loved making her girlfriend embarrassed.

Marceline’s bladder reminded her of its need with a pang, causing her to leak. “Eep!” She let out, crossing her legs. She cleared her throat and got ready for her final song of the night, then she’d finally be able to go pee.

Her eyes remained closed during the song. Keeping her eyes closed actually made this whole thing feel less embarrassing. Thank Glob she was nearly finished, she was pretty sure the audience was catching on that she had to piss, plus she wasn’t sure how much longer she could last.

At last, she finished the song, and quickly wrapped up the concert by speed taking: “Okaythankyoualllforcominghopeyouenjoyedyourselfseeyoubye!” She ran backstage and out of the concert hall.

“ Alright, concert over, now where can I go to piss!? ”

“Marceline!” Bonnibel ran over to Marcy, giving her a hug, and causing her to leak. “You did so well! Simon is just grabbing a snack, he’ll be right over!”

“Hehe… appreciate the support, Bonnie, but I really need to pee, think you can let me go?”

Bonnibel let her go. “Oh, that explains all the fidgeting you were doing during the concert.”

“Er…yeah,” Marceline said, putting her hand on her crotch.

“Well… most of my citizens don't really have a digestion system, so there’s not a lot of bathrooms.”

“Dang it, forgot about that.”

“Pretty much the only one I know of is the one in my bedroom. So, to my place I guess?”

“Y-yeah.”

Normally Marcy would’ve just flown to Bonnibel’s room to pee, but levitation required her to focus on doing it. So, she just walked, side by side with Bonnie. She waddled along the way, getting weird looks from the candy citizens they passed by.

Eventually, they got to the front door of the castle. Marcy sprinted up the stairs to Bonibel’s room, with her girlfriend following suit. At last, Marcy saw something she’d been waiting to see all day-a bathroom. “Yes!” Marceline shouted, running to the toilet. Before she could make it, however, she felt a warm liquid entering her panties. “No, no, no!” She exclaimed, crossing her legs and doubling down. However, nothing could stop the flood that’s been waiting to get out for hours now.

Marceline sighed, feeling her shorts become soaked, and hearing her piss spilling onto the ground. With her bladder deflating, she felt herself starting to… enjoy it? The warm feeling in her shorts felt so nice. She moaned, rubbing herself, her hands getting drenched along with everything else.

After a minute and a half, Marceline finally finished, giving a big sigh to end it off.

“Well should probably get back to Si-” The grin on her face was wiped off when she looked behind her to see that Bonnibel was watching the whole ordeal through the doorway, with a big blush on her face.

She never closed the door.

Marceline mentally facepalmed as she stared absentmindedly at her girlfriend. She then saw the look on Bonnie’s face. The same look she gave when she took off her shirt earlier today. Marcy’s blank expression turned into a smug grin. “You enjoyed that, didn’t you?”

“W-what? No! I was just looking… in a non-sexual way!”

“Sure thing, Bonnibel.” Marcy said, still grinning. “I gotta get back to my place to change, but don’t think we’re done with this conversation.” She winked at Bonnibel, before going to the balcony. “Oh, and tell Simon I had to leave early.” She said, before turning into a bat and flying off.

Bonnie was left blushing furiously in her room, and with a puddle of urine to clean up.

