Unexpected Enemy; Unexpected Friend

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-10-26 03:34

Carla plunged both hands into her crotch and squeezed her thighs together so hard her legs trembled. That was close! Had she squirted a little in her panties? Maybe. It was the worst spasm yet. How long could she hold? Carla didn't know. What she did know is that she had to pee really, really bad, and home was still an hour away.

Carla glanced at her friend in the seat next to her. Asleep! Good. Most of the students were asleep. Good! No one watching. It was late; the bus was dark; it had been a long day. Carla wished she could sleep, too, but she dared not. If a pee spasm hit while she slept, she'd never hold it in. Maybe she wouldn't, anyway. Next time, or the next...Carla dreaded the thought.

Why had she drunk all that orange pop? Carla was the chanpion Orange Crush clug-a-luger in the high school. She could down a pop in seven seconds, anytime. Usually, she could do it in six, or even five seconds. Today, Carla had beaten Brad Tarley in a best two out of three match with a four second chug. The euphoria of victory; the agony of pee. Why had she let herself be goaded into yet another match? But with half the student body chanting, "Chug, chug, chug," what else could Carla do?

O no! Here it comes! Please! Please! Please! Please! Carla felt a distinct squirt. Her hands clenched in her crotch felt a distinct wetness. Hold! Hold! Yes! O no! No! No! O gee! Carla both heard and felt the zizz of pee in her panties. Her crotch became very warm, the upper insides of her thighs, her bottom slowly from front to back. Carla had peed her pants, on a school bus, an hour away from home. No longer needing to hold her crotch, Carla buried her blushing face in her hands and quietly sobbed.

"What's wrong?" April. Carla shook her head. "Boyfriend problems? Hey! Cheer up; boys arn't worth it; all boys want to do is feel and fuck. Who needs it?"

Carla shook her head again and continued to sob. "Come on, Carla; tell me. What are best friends for?

Carla sniffled, slowly raised her head, and pointed to her wet jeans.

"Shit! You frigging peed your pants! Carla frigging peed her pants! April shrieked. "It's getting on me! Let me out of here!"

As April pushed out of the seat, still shrieking, the whole bus woke up. The bus aisle filled with students who wanted to see. A circle of light focussed on Carla's wet crotch. Brad. "Friggin A! She did pee her pants! Carla peed her pants!" To Carla: "You may be the champ chugger, but at pee holding, you lose, big time!" Every one laughed. Carla buried her face in her hands. Her life was over; she'd never be able to look anyone in the face again.

The bus rocked as it turned into the school parking lot. Everyone was grabbing their stuff, preparing to unload. "Tie this around you, when you get up." What? Who? A boy was standing there offering his letter jacket. "Take it; you can get it back to me Monday." Carla took the proferred jacket, her lips forming a voiceless thank you; and he was gone. Who was he? Carla had never seen him before. How would she know him to return his jacket?

"Get a move on, people!" Mr. Grendle was tired, too. He wanted to park the bus and hit the bed. Carla stood, wrapping the jacket around her wet crotch and bottom, all in one motion. She thought of Monday. How would she find her nameless Lancelot? Carla didn't know; but she knew she would find him. That boy had a kiss coming!

