Draco and Harry, Can't Change our Past

Author: ILoveMalfoys

*000*2013-05-12 23:30

Dear reader,

I do not own Harry potter J.K Rowling does. This was my first time writing something like this, so I was ashamed and filled most of it with fluff. As my writing progresses you will see some of the fluff goes away. Dracos gay, Harrys not.

They are abused. Not all parts of this story contain pee desperation.

Please comment ....

Malfoy Manor was a respected place, by everybody but the ten year old Draco Malfoy. He had respect and always used it, but Draco thought different then his father Lucius. He thought different about muggles and even about the Malfoy Way. Sometimes Draco Malfoy thought his father cared more about a those words then he did his own son. The Malfoy Way had six rules to it, his father added two of them. They rules were:

1)A Malfoy never shows weakness.

2)Never question the Dark Lord.

3)Don't speak unless spoken to.

4) Never treat muggles as equal, even in there world.

5)Never shame your family.

6)Act as a Man, or act as a Woman, but never act as a boy, or a girl.

Draco had never questioned his father. Lucius had strict punishment and methods of teaching ,and today he was enforcing one of his methods of teaching. So that brought him here, There stood a small blond boy in front of his father, expecting a punishment. He had no clue what he had done wrong, but Lucius always found something.

" .Draco." his father walked back and forth in patently. Draco shifted in his seat. "I have been going over the Malfoy way with you since you were seven. You are now ten. I have been waiting for a long time to teach you about the last rule." Lucius watched as Draco shifted again he knew the only rule they had not gone over was the fourth rule. Draco Malfoy saw nothing wrong with a muggle though." It is time Draco, I will be sending you to the muggle world tomorrow. There you will see how they act, you will go to a day of school there, and hopefully by the end of the day you will treat muggles the way they deserve." Draco opened his mouth but did not speak, speaking would result in consequences. " I will bring you back when I feel you are ready, no sooner." Lucius left the room. A house elf appeared from the corner .

"Young Master " He stuttered a bit as he was the oldest house elf." Lucius requested for me t bring you to bed early today." Draco nodded and took the house elf's hand. He wasn't tired, but he could easily fall asleep in his dark room. When inside his room the house elf handed him pyjamas, and then proceeded to go into one of the four corners of the large room. Draco thought about how painful it must be for a elf his age to sleep on the ice cold floor. He stared at the elf for a moment." Young Master have I done wrong" The house elf asked.

" No" Draco stated. He put on his pyjamas and laid down, He laid thinking for long time before finally falling asleep.

...

"WAKE UP!" Lucius yelled, pulling the covers of his son. Draco squirmed in his bed trying to cover his eyes from the light. " Well come on now, we haven't got all day. "Draco jumped up out of bed not wanting his father to become madder at him.

"Father I cant exactly wear my robes to school, people would know I am different." Lucius rolled his eyes, Draco had made a mistake.

"Do you think I am stupid? Draco Malfoy! How many times have I told you not to question my abilities. All I have told you to do is get out of bed!" Draco saw it coming it was all but to easy to anger his father. Lucius hand balled up into a fist, then he relaxed it. Into the common slap Draco got when he could not be bruised. Rubbing his face Draco stepped towards his father.

"Now Draco, I am sorry you made me do that. I have plans arranged for you to get the muggle world but from there you must figure it out." Lucius quickly used a non verbal spell to change his son into muggle clothing. A green scoop neck much to big for the small boy ,and a pair of black school pants with a belt. Lucius summoned the elder house elf and whispered in ear.

"Young master are you ready?" The house elf held out its hand shaking.

"Yes but let grab something." Turning to make sure his father had left the room already Draco opened his bottom drawer, any grabbing three chocolate frogs two pouches of pumpkin juice. Quickly stuffing them into his pockets he turned back to the elf taking it hand.

" Were to?" The room spun quickly around them as they changed locations. Then it stopped.

"Were are we, This isn't a school?" Draco worried out loud, but the elf had disappeared. "Privet Drive, How odd ?Why would father send me here?" It was cold outside and very dark, Draco would have been scared had there not been a muggle just four houses down. The muggle was walking closer, Draco watched as he saw a plumper muggle leave from the same house in the opposite direction. The boy was getting closer, finally standing next to him. Draco must have looked confused because the boy spoke.

"Are you lost?" Harry asked, nobody went to the same school as him on there street. Harrys school was not like his cousins, almost nobody went to public schools anymore, but to his aunt and uncle that's what harry was. A nobody.

"Umm" stuttering and shacking from the cold and nervousness Draco spoke," Is this a bus stop?" He looked at the older boy who was now pointing at a light in the distance. A bus." Sorry I guess that sounded stupid." Draco felt a wave of shame fall over him. What would his father say had he known he was talking to a muggle. Let alone asking for directions. The bus approached and not sooner then it did harry step on it. Draco stepped on after him.

...

The last bell rang , and boy was Draco glad. He had been taugnted and teased all day , but that was nothing compared to all the emotional trauma his father had caused him. So there Draco stood like a Malfoy doing what Lucius told him to do hating muggles, or at least that's what he'd tell his father. Draco walked as slow as he could to the buses. So slow in fact that there was only one person left in the school by the time Draco was out there. The older boy from earlier seemed to be walking a different direction. This made him curious why would he be walking. Draco ran up next to the boy quickly .

"Why aren't you taking the bus?!" The words came out like a statement and kind of mean, but he was concerned. For the first time He got to look at the boy He was older by a year at most, that puts him at eleven. His natural completion seemed like it may have been a healthy tan but he was pale and had purple hues in his skin from bruises. The boy was much too skinny like he had not eaten in weeks, But yet he was talker then Draco. He had black hair. And glasses. The older boy looked sad yet Draco remembered him so happy this morning.

"Can't" Harry wasn't sure if he could tell the strange blond boy everything. His stomach Made a noise. Lowering his head, harry picked up his pace if he got home before the neighbors he could take one tomato from the garden, they wouldn't notice its missing." Why aren't you?"

Draco shrugged why not tell the boy the truth, as long as it wasn't the whole truth." I don't know were I am going. My name is Draco By the way ." He sighed. His fathers mission was a complete and utter fail. Draco pulled two chocolate frogs out of his pocket." Want one?"

" I guess you heard that" Harry blushed ,taking the chocolate frog." What are these?" Looking at the strange packaging he could tell it was nothing he had ever seen before. Let alone ate , but what did he know.

" There chocolate frogs, Be carful not to let it jump away." He opened his up, quickly grabbing the frog by its leg and dangling it into his mouth. " There really good go on."

Harry ate his frog but not until he almost dropped it , luckily that was what Draco expected and he caught the frog handing it to harry. "Thank you Draco, my names Harry by the way. I have to go inside Now my aunt and uncle are going to be really mad if they see me talking to somebody. " It felt weird to say the young boys name. Harry rushed inside, slamming the door behind him.

...

If there wasn't a clock place on privet drives corner Draco would have assumed his father forgot about him. It was 2:48 in the morning Draco was having a hard time staying awake and had already finished his food supply,when he heard a door slam.

"Harry Potter. Don't you ever ask questions again in this house! You know what happened to them!" Draco heard a series of slaps and whipping sounds. When Draco heard the door slam shut he turned around, feeling sorry for harry knowing he should see what happened but it was to late. He could hear the crying sounds getting closer.

"Draco? Is that you?" Harry sobbed quietly Draco turned around only to see his very red face.

"Yes its me." The blond stated. He was getting tired.

" Draco , they hate me because I'm different." Harry moved closer to Draco who was now sitting on the ground.

" Harry , You have it good." Draco patted the grass for harry to sit down but instead Harry lay his head on Draco Malfoy's lap. Draco put his arms around him. "Good Night Harry."

"Good Night Draco." Harry thought about what Draco said , He had it lucky. What could Draco's parents possibly put him through that makes this lucky.

...

Draco turned and swayed quite franticly in his sleep. It was unfortunate for him that harry was a heavy sleeper and he had nobody to wake him up from the nightmares of his dad. He knocked harry off his legs. Draco started mumbling words in his sleep" A Malfoy never shows weakness. Don't question the Dark Lord. Don't speak unless spoken to. Never treat muggles as equal, even in there world. Never shame your family..." The Mumbling stopped he let out a scream " I am sorry father. I'll try harder" This woke harry up. Draco was now in tears mumbling.

"Draco, Wake up ! Your O.K." Harry franticly shook the poor boy. Draco woke , but was crying harder.

"I am sorry. I have to leave." Draco knew he had brought shame to his family , and shown weakness while doing so. Deciding to try to find a way home was the best thing he could do now. Lifting his feet of the ground, Draco shook unsteady like from the cold weather.

" Wait don't go!" Harry ran up after the crying boy, " I know what it like. "harry paused." I still have nightmares, about my parents... There dead." Harry let swayed back in forth waiting for Draco to come sit back down.

" I have too!." Draco yelled, not knowing what made him so mad. Maybe it was the fact the boy had it almost as bad as him. Maybe it was the guilt he had it worst. Draco started walking . About a block down the street, He realized how bad he needed the loo. This frustrated the ten year old. Lucius really had not made plans in advance for his son had he stay in the muggle world, but then he heard them. footsteps

"I can't let you!" Harry said. " You cant wander on these streets alone at night. You wont believe the things people will do to you!" Harry knew what people would do, If you got caught in there yard they could go as far as beat you themselves sometimes. Draco continued to walk swiftly. "Can You stop?" He did. Harry wrapped his thin arms around Draco's soft body, and gave the boy a hug. Something Draco must have never had before considering his reaction.

" GET OFF OF ME!" Draco squirmed it was easy to get harry off, but then felling bad after seeing the disappointment in his face he asked something." What was that ?"

" A hug, they mean you care. I have never been able to give one before because I never cared about someone." Harry smiled, Draco really never had a hug before. He wasn't as alone as he though. Draco started walking again." Were are we going?"

Blushing" Well um I have no clue. I don't exactly live around here."

" What are you looking for?" Harry asked. The younger boy had picked up his pace and he was struggling to keep up.

" A exit to this neighborhood, but it doesn't matter that much." He sighed. It was getting pretty easy to tell that he needed the loo, well unless you Harry who seemed not to tell. Or maybe not to care one bit. Draco stopped walking.

" Oh it that way" Harry pointed the opposite direction. " How about going back to sleep?"

" I guess" Draco set down this time leaning into Harry's lap, which was hard and consisted mostly of bone. Harry gently ran his fingers through Draco's hair. Draco could not stop moving. No matter how hard he tried to sleep all he thought about was having to pee. This keep Harry up.

" Draco, is there a problem." Harry stated seeing that there clearly was.

" No... Well." He really thought about telling Harry but that would be dumb. He Just had to wait for his father."...No" Draco said, but you could hear the tears in his voice. Harry knew what's wrong.

" Honestly Draco I wont make fun of you. Your only ten." This made Draco cry. At ten Lucius would never had embarrassed himself like this in the muggle world. Age had nothing to do with it. " Draco what's wrong?" He wanted the real awnser

His legs were now crossed and he was crying into the young skinny boys ribcage as he had no chest. " It doesn't matter!" Draco yelled. He just wished harry would go away. Maybe he would if Draco let him. Draco got up." GO! I don't want any body to have to see me like this again." Harry stared and then got up he could help the boy. After all there were plenty of days when he was younger, That his aunt had looked him in his spare room, and well... Harry shuddered understanding what the boy was going through. Embarrassment is the worst punishment ever. " I should have never talked to you, You filthy muggle. "Draco knew harry was not a muggle but he let it go.

" Come here." Harry said dragging Draco behind one of the many privacy fences.

" I can't ..." Draco stopped. He fell to the ground. Being only ten this was to much for him. Harry picked Draco up almost dropping him, not being used to lifting people. " Why did you do that?" Draco said crying." The sudden movement caused him to pee. Quickly crossing his legs tighter.

" I don't know." Harry did not want to admit to the real reason. Sitting Draco on the ground he looked into the boys eyes and saw his pain. " Your father is a bad man not to have picked you up tonight, I just met you but I can tell he has caused you a lot of pain in your life." Draco blushed , as more pee escaped him. Harry didn't care." Its O.K to let go." Harry turned.

" I can't people live here and... and .." Draco could not find the right words so he used the wrong ones. "You.'

" I won't judge you, besides I may not be smart but what your doing is very unhealthy." Harry walked behind Draco who was now jumping up in down. Wrapping his arms around Draco was all it took. Harry meant it as a sweet embrace, but also to push the boy to do what he needed. Draco sobbed for a second .

" I am sorry, Harry." it took fifteen seconds to make to whole front side of the ten year olds pants to become wet, but it took two minutes for him to stop. Draco's face scarlet with embarrassment. This was something he would never live down. Or should he say his father would never let him.

"Give me you pants." Harry said, as he started to take of his pant. " Come on, now its almost sunrise!" It would be easier had harry take the blame

" You can't" Draco said, breathing fast and crying hard.

" I am now hurry up." Draco gave harry his pants.

"thank you" The exchange was silent. Draco was quickly able to put Harry's pant on. Harry didn't want to make Draco feel worse, so he made it look like it was easy to put on the pre- soaked pants. Draco had been embarrassed enough he just wanted to go home to Malfoy manor.

A owl appeared suddenly from the corner of the street. Draco knew his father had sent it. attached to its foot was Floo Powder. He grabbed the powder and sent the owl away.

" Harry this years going to change your life. So do me a favor try to forget about me , and umm " Draco pointed at the pants." This." He threw the flow powder And said the words "Malfoy Manner." But no sooner then he got there did he wish he could go back, There stood Lucius with a belt in his hands ready to punish Draco Malfoy.

*001*2013-05-13 01:06

Chapter 2 has no omo. to make the story more realistic.

Enjoy.

.......

Draco Malfoy was exited the summer was ending, living in Malfoy Manor had became pure torture since his mother passed last year, at least that's what the Daily Prophet heard. Father, was always drunk or getting drunk. As Draco packed up his text books , something on one caught his eye, his blood. Draco would never admit to anyone that his father, and fellow death eaters beat him, but some times the pain of the memory's hit him full force. Sitting down on his bed Draco held the book.

...

Lucius swayed grabbing on to the fellow death eaters arm as he walked up the steps of Malfoy Manor. Draco looked out his window, knowing he had nobody to protect him when his drunken father came upstairs. Lucius threw open the door in one swift motion. The room quickly filled with smells of alcohol and cigars. "You boy stand up." Draco didn't stand, he sat there pretending to read a textbook. The History of Magic to be exact. " Get your nose out of that book, boy stand up." Draco refused "Accio History of Magic" The book flew out of Draco's hand and into his fathers. "Now stand."

Moving slowly towards Lucius, Draco spoke. " Father must we do this tonight I go back to Hogwarts tomorrow. What if..." Draco's Protest was cut short by the hard slap the partially sober death eater made across his face. His father then hit him with the book, were one of the edges left a gash in his head. His platinum hair quickly turning a deep scarlet color.

" Take you shirt off." Lucius ordered. Draco knew what this meant. His father was going to whip him. Not like the belts he used to use, but a actual whip. Maybe he found this punishment more entertaining. Draco took his shirt off and put it in his mouth not wanting to break of any more teeth. It was always a pain getting them fixed. Draco leaned against the wall taking the first hard thrash. It stung, but the pain was so familiar that wasn't the worst part. After Draco's back had been covered in large cuts from whip. His father would pour whatever alcohol they were drinking earlier over his back and on his t-shirt leaving him there to suffer in pain.

...

Draco threw the book up against the wall, refusing to bring it. He hurried down stairs to see if Lucius was home, silly of course it is day time. He probably didn't know Draco even had to leave today he's so drunk. He was gone as Draco suspected, but Draco like most people left a note. It read.

Dear Lucius,

I have no clue were you are right now, but summer break is over. I have leave now if I want to make it to platform nine and three quarters. Lucius you have not treated me the best you could as a father this summer, but you certainly taught me what it meant to be a Malfoy. Try not to get drunk as often, I say this as if you care, but it is truly in your best interest. I am only looking out for the father I once loved.

Malfoy

P.S; I have arranged plans ahead to stay with Uncle Sevus during school holidays. I gave him no reasoning why, I hope your happy Lucius Malfoy. Father.

...

Meanwhile at the Privet Drive Harry had not woke up yet his body still in a almost coma like state from the dehydration, and lack of food the Dursly's provided him. He was officially late for the first time, and had missed the train to Hogwarts. Hagrid's owl flew in the window, making screeching noises attempting to wake Harry. The owl finally gave up and scratched his arm, it would not have been deep n a normal body. But Harry was far to skinny , the scratch was deep and needed attention. Harry woke up realizing what time of day it was , and that the train had left. Grabbing his wand, broomstick. he tip toed out of the house quickly. His body ached, Harry mentally motivated himself to keep going, something that he had to do many days with the Dursly's. Harry got one his broom and started towards Hogwarts. He couldn't help, but think of the condition he had been in just the day before.

...

Harrys Uncle handed him another list of chores to do, he had to have them all done before dinner in order to receive any food. His uncle being the cruel man he was, made sure this was never possible. The last time harry had a decent meal was at Hogwarts, and even there he didn't eat like all the other kids. Harry would eat one helping of food. He also never ate dessert, the last time he ate something chocolate was, well when Draco gave him it.

"Get a move on boy, what are you doing still standing in the kitchen, you should fixing the flat on the car." Harry Uncle gave him a hard slap on his back and pushed him forcefully to the garage. The heat was unbearable, for harry, but to ask for water... well the punishments would be even worse. Harry was never allowed to ask for things, they had to be offered or thrown at him, or thrown away. Being very lucky there just happened to be a some stale water in the car. It wasn't much and Harry regretted drinking it, as soon as he did he became nauseas. "One More day ..." Harry said out loud, he didn't mean to, but it was what he had been thinking.

A few hours passed and It was midday, Harry sat outside watching his Aunt ,Uncle , and annoying Cousin eat a large amount of food. They always left the windows open for this reason. The food smelled burnt, but it made Harry hungry. His stomach roared at him. Knowing that there was nothing that he could do until he got back to Hogwarts Harry listened to his angry stomach, and finished his chores. The Dursly's didn't let him inside the house until 3:24 in the morning causing the cold air to make his bones ache, but harry didn't care. He went to sleep listening to two things this time, his stomach and the quite sobs, that had became a lullaby over time.

...

At Hogwarts everything changes, for Draco Malfoy, well he becomes his father , hiding his true felling inside him. Taking out his anger on mudblood's. When secretly all Draco didn't care who you are, he was usually jealous of the people he picked on. Ron and Herminie are perfect examples of his jealousy , only now did Draco realize this. Ron had family and siblings who loved him. Herminie had parents who didn't care what she did, she was perfect in there eyes. Draco had only met one other person who he could relate to, but sometime last year that person decided he hated him. That person was harry. The two had grown so far apart that they now only called each other by there last names.

For harry, there was only one big change, He was forced to see Draco Malfoy, this year. They now shared the defense against the dark arts class. But the little changes is what harry enjoyed ; drinkable and assessable water, which he seemed to take advantage of, There was also the idea of sleep, or food. Two things Harry really had not had over the summer.

Malfoy looked at Harry who seemed to be struggling with finding somebody who knew the password for the Gryffindor common room. Of course Malfoy knew it, He bought the knowlage of one of the first years just minutes ago. The Potter boy looked towards Draco who was walking his way.

"Potter, are you locked out again ?" Draco teased mockingly. Of course he was going to help, but why not have some fun now.

Harry rubbed the back of his neck, blushing." Yeal, I actually missed, everything, even the sorting. You don't have a clue where I can find a prefect do you?"

Draco thought, this meant potter didn't eat, the boy was already bones, maybe he should. Yes he will. " Potter did they...Never mind." He couldn't. Potter and him were enemy's now. Draco started to walk away," The passwords is pig snout " Draco watched Harry climb carefully into the portrait hole then made his way down to the Slytherin common room.

"Pure Blood" Draco was greeted into the Slytherin common room, but he walked past everybody. Not in the mode to talk. Uncle Sevus picked up on this lack of enthusiasm and walked into his godsons room.

" Draco, is something bothering you?" Snape knew that something was, but Draco could not be forced to talk. Draco not been acting himself all summer.

" No ... Well actually yes, I told my father you'd let me stay with you over the summer." Draco paused. " If I can't I'll find someplace to go but I cant go back to him uncle Sevus." Draco could see that he was going to need to give some sort of explanation, but why tonight. His body ached from the beating he had just yesterday.

" I know you never liked your father, but that's no reason to disown family. Draco My dad" Snape Paused unsure weather to go on." Well he was a crazy man, but he was just like me. He used to tell me things I didn't want to hear though. So in turn I started um..."Snape raised up his jacket, so you could see the scars. "He told me I would never amount to any thing, that I was never going to be as good as him. He was wrong Draco."

They talked for another ten minutes, and then snape left. Draco felt guilt hit full force, but Potter was his enemy why was he feeling like this. Draco's mind swirled, for hours. Finally managing to go to sleep. It was four in the morning when Draco woke himself, his hair sticking to face, his shirt drenched with sweat. What had he been dreaming about?

...

Dear Malfoy,

It came to my attention today that you are not as bad of a guy that I made you out to be, I never thanked you for helping me with the password.

Tear this note up after reading it, I would prefer for people not to think that I ever sent you a letter. See you in class.

- Potter

Harry paced back and fourth, the note seemed a little friendly to send to your enemy. Yes, it was. Could he possibly send it.

"Harry! When did you get here?" Ron yelled excitedly, like he didn't share a room with harry and hear him come in last night. Sometimes the boy could be so clueless. Ron eyed the note in the skinny boys hand, harry then started to put it in his pocket. "What's that? " Ron said pointing to the note in his pocket."

"Uh letter, But I am not going to send it." Harry frowned. Not a fake frown, he was being truthful. Malfoy had at one point been his friend, but some were along calling his best friend a mudblood, and telling him that he hung out with the wrong type. Well that changed.

"I'll send it, What's it say Harry." Ron could not see that harry was about three seconds away from crying other wise he would have stopped. Ron did notice a few of the usual things, Harry was skinny then before he left, and he was dirty; greasy hair and grass stains on his clothing. This was usual for harry, but most times he made a attempt to clean himself up before people noticed.

"Ron, You can't be mad at me." Harry paused." I know I am mad at myself but for different reasons." Harry shoved the letter into Ron's hands and sat down on the bed. Not ready for one of his best friends to hate him. To think he betrayed him. Ron Read the letter in his head, then out loud, then in his head again. He looked up and ... was laughing at him.

"See you in class... Not the bad guy I made you out to be." Ron laughed at harry who was crying very loud in front of his friend. " Harry Malfoy is a bad guy! " Ron had stopped laughing and looked serious.

"You don't know him, the way I used to, Ron." Taking the letter back harry strapped it onto Hedwig's foot, whispering "Draco Malfoy." The bird refused at first but then took off to the great hall.

"You called him... We never, since he called Herminie a mudblood. " Harry knew what Ron wanted to say, Harry called him Draco. That was his first name. Harry missed calling him that.

"Fear of a name only increases fear itself." Harry used Herminie's own words against Ron. "Give him a second chance." Harry made his way to the great hall, not willing to argue with Ron any more.

...

Draco Malfoy had been in the great hall for thirty minutes now. He already ate, and was bored. it was becoming a worrisome task trying not to pay attention to the burning pain on his back and shoulders. He received a nudge from a fellow Slytherin, who noticed he was drifting of to sleep.

"Look that's Hedwig, Why is she going to the Slytherin table." Malfoy's head perked up so he could see who was receiving mail from Potter, but the stubborn owl was just sitting in front of him. Laughter grew at the Slytherin table, all Draco could think about was what unforgivable curse he would use on potter. He grabbed the letter from the owl violently. Exchanging a look with potter , who seemed unhappy. Ripping the letter open , he read it.

"Give me a quill," The person didn't respond still laughing at Draco. Taking a quill for himself Malfoy etched,

Potter,

Eat! Your all bones again.

Malfoy

The owl took the letter giving it back to Harry who almost smiled. Draco watched though as the boy still didn't eat at the great hall that morning.

...

Draco became frustrated with his enemy why. Walking quickly down the halls to his History of Magic class he forgot all about the, missing book. Only after he sat down, Draco understood what class he was in. " Fuu..." Eyes were on him now. " We'll get over your self's. " Draco blushed and buried his head in his desk. The teacher soon came over to see what was wrong.

" Draco Malfoy is there a problem! " The teacher said in a accusing voice," Mr. Malfoy told me to call if you started acting up in class again." This particular teacher was not concerned, she just wanted to make Draco's day a little harder.

" Don't call him... " Draco's head still laid down on the table, " You cant." The teacher shot him a sympathetic look and went on with class.

The rest of the day flew by, but Draco felt some what upset that Harry wasn't eating. This was one of the few things Draco did care about, he was no longer living with the muggles. Why would Harry still refuse to eat food offered to him. Draco unlike many other students had a free period, Harry however was a student who did not. He wanted to be forceful to make harry himself again, not the skeleton nobody seemed to notice. Speeding up as he reached the Gryffindor tower, Draco found himself face to face with the fat lady again.

"Password.." She drew the word out, Giving her a lower voice.

"Pig snout " Draco rushed the words out of his mouth, he walked up what he assumed was the boy hall to find harry and Ron's room. Hedwig immediately started screeching. Fumbling through his pockets Draco pulled out a chocolate frog. Using one of Harry's quills and apiece of parchment he scribbled ;

Dear Harry,

Eat , please. I remember the eleven year old you had no hesitation to the same chocolate frog. I hope you will listen to me, You look like a skeleton.

- I rather not say, incase Ron finds this, but you know who I am.

P.S; I hope those Muggles treated you well.

Leaving the note on Harrys bed Draco dashed out of the dorm and down to his room. It was empty, almost pathetic, that he had nothing to fill the room with. Draco laid on his bed thinking about this summers events. Eventually falling asleep.

"Draco, you missed half your classes today! Wake up!" Draco peered open one eye, it was his uncle Sevus.

"I am sorry, its just." Not able to explain Draco struggled for words.," I cant tell you, Hey you don't happen to know if the prefects shower room is empty do you?" it was a strange question to ask but his Uncle did not care. Draco had to have complete privacy, He needed it. It was one of the upsides to being a prefect.

"Yes, well they were. May I ask why?" Snape started to leave the room." I'd get down there if I was you. Dumbledore set a new rule even the prefects cant be out of bed past nine.

After his uncle left room, Draco grabbed his towel , robes , shampoos and soaps. He also grabbed a razor, then put it down remembering the last time.

Dear reader, This chapter has a lot of misspellings I remember it was pretty late at night when I wrote it. enjoy

........

...

Draco woke, his still wet from the night before. How was that possible, if he were correct. The blondes thin hair should have had at least eight hours to dry. Taking a minute to rub his eyes and sit up into a more awake state, the Malfoy noticed what had woke him. He doubled over in pain as his over full bladder made itself noticed. Draco looked at the green number displayed on the ceiling. yes it was to early in the morning to leave the Slytherin dorm. Snape had surly set some sort of alarm... again. Draco though back to last year. Pansy was in the same predicament and set a alarm of, thus wetting herself in the Slytherin common room. The blonde shifted before attempting to go back to sleep. ' This is going to be a long night.' He fell asleep forty five minutes later.

" Draco wake up, now your going to miss Hogsmade. Hurry!" Pansy of all people was pulling, on the tired Slytherin's arms forcing him out of bed. Before he could protest he did not want to go to Hogsmade, and that the sold common items pansy had pulled a shirt over the white tank top Draco fell asleep in.

" O.K., O.K. " Draco said fixing the top and putting on a pair of slacks, and a belt. A choice he would soon regret, having forgot all about his urgent need. Making a grab for his wand and a hair brush, the Malfoy was out the door. disposing of the hairbrush soon after.

...I noticed I've used quit a few time skips in this chapter,...

...

Draco had got rid of pansy five minutes ago and was regretting that choice, now having nothing to distract him from his now aching bladder. The young boy searched the streets and had found one place with a loo, The leaky cauldron, the lines were incredibly long and at that point time he convinced his somewhat stubborn mind he could wait. Now he was on his way back in the leaky cauldron. Trying his hardest not to make a display of himself The Malfoy walked swiftly to the loo. Managing to run face first into the opening door, a short spurt escaped him. He avoided grabbing himself and crossed his legs. 'If father could see me !' The boy thought causing his eyes to become glassy.

" Malfoy." Harry was the guy that had opened the door, Draco reopened the door to be greeted by a line longer the last time. Harry followed.

" What do you want Potty, and don't even tell me you are here for the loo. After you almost broke my nose leaving it ." Malfoy exaggerated. People were staring.

" No, I wanted to tell you I am sorry and thank you for the chocolate frog. You were right Malfoy. " Malfoy smirked at this. Then notice Ron who was at the front of the line was also staring, listening deeply to the conversation.

" Yeah right potter like I would ever send you a chocolate frog, I don't fancy you, the famous boy who lived. " Malfoy crossed his legs as he leaned against the was trying to look causal. Failing.' Not in front of Harry' He thought. He knew he sent harry the chocolate frog, but he also knew that he was seconds away from wetting himself. He had to get rig of potter.

"I never said I fancy you," The raven hair boy said, he was now on the verge of crying." How dare you Draco ? After I helped you all those years ago? I wont help you today" Potter was screaming. He stormed out of the bathroom, on the verge of tears. What happened to the Draco who visited the muggle world. This was all a game to him. Yes He supposed it was.

Ron left his spot at the front of the line and was now face to face with Draco. There were two things the weasly had going for him at this point; One Draco left his wand with Pansy and was terrible at fighting Muggle style. Two Malfoy had just lost another spurt in his trousers and it was now visible through the thin fabric, he was surly going to play this to his strengths. " Ron please ." Draco looked down, indicating he was about to lose it all. Ron noticed. " Please I didn't mean to hurt him." This was partly true.

"I'm sorry, I did not ask for you to speak." Ron put a silencing charm on the blonde. The people in the bathroom stared Draco would have been in the middle of the line by now but Ron had not allowed him to move.

"Now , where were we? Ah yes." Draco squirmed, A large spurt escaped him. Giving up on his dignity he moved his hands to his now soaking wet trousers. Ron teased. " Ah Malfoy, did you hear that. Oh no well I'm sure your father will. Maybe I will write him a letter, better yet a howler." Ron chuckled " I don't want to keep Harry waiting, but if you ever hurt one of my friends again I will make sure you have a punishment much worse then this. Sorry to end the fun so soon." Ron punched Draco in the bladder, causing him to involuntarily release his bodily fluids. ( Just so you guys know this is very important this is the reason Draco will have bladder problems. Ron Damaged something down there. Poor Draco.) Along with tear. Ron released the silencing spell." Oh and clean this up."

"Are you O.K Lad." A braver man walked up to the child who was now throwing paper towels in the puddle on the floor." Here let me get that, Draco continued cleaning. Wizards watching in amazement. Only one noticing whose child this was. The braver man had a name. Sirus Black.

" No I am not!" Draco said getting to the point, "the only person whom I have ever wanted to be my friend. Hates me and I love him. I just wanted him to leave, I didn't think I could make it... and..." The blonde was now having a panic attack. " And I didn't, and it hurts no bad." The mad looked down at Draco who was clutching his stomach.

" Here" Sirus grabbed some towels and finished cleaning the mess up, before spelling Draco clean. " I am sorry, I know what it feels like, though to be misunderstood." Sirus did being misunderstood landed him a first class cell in Azkaban. " You should be getting home now."

" Tha..." Draco stopped remembering he did not know the man, he headed back for Hogwarts. Hoping to get back after dinner so he wouldn't see ron or harry.

*002*2013-05-13 10:33

O.K Sorry that two of my chapters got merged together like that, I honestly have no clue what happened. It makes it harder to read. If any one is willing please post some your thoughts below.

*004*2013-05-13 18:52

{{:

Nice, but should have more detail. Also, I can't really picture Ron being so intimidating o-o

}}

Ron wasn't supposed to be intimidating, but I can see were you got that from.....You'll find out more about why he's doing that in the next chapter.

Also these are really old so yeah I will try to add more detail, I am glad you like it or sort of like it. Idk I did not think it would get many views.<3

