Megan's Sadistic Mother - Page 2

Author: Ishigreensa

*025*2012-03-11 07:28

Chapter Five:

Part Seven

Thanksgiving Closing:

After a day and a half of cooking and cleaning, the feast table was ready. It was a wonder that the old oak table didn’t crack under the heavy bowls, platters, and pots of things that were laid out upon the table. Every inch of the surface of the table was cluttered with something to pick from to eat, and still, there were salads and desserts that had to be put on the counters because there just wasn’t any room.

Megan was used to grandma’s big dinners, but even this was something to be held in awe. She smiled and sat with her hands in her lap as she looked around at the others waiting for grandma to say that it was officially dinner time. Grandma Rosie was very strict about the start of dinner time always being 4:30 for Thanksgiving dinner.

“You girls did yourselves proud,” Grandma Rosie smiled at them all. “There is no way I could have pulled off something so grand without your help.”

Anna’s face blushed a little because she wasn’t used to being complemented over her cooking. She smiled deeply though and no words would come to her mind, not even thank you, as she took in the thoughtfulness of Grandma Rosie’s words.

Nicole smiled. Usually, her mom or the family maid that dad had had on forever did the cooking, so she didn’t normally cook so much in her house. There was little need for her to, but there was a bit of pride in her face as she looked at the three dishes that she was primarily responsible for.

Heidi nodded. “Thanks,” as though the words meant little to her.

Anhi looked confused at the different reactions and didn’t know what she should do or say or if Grandma Rosie was even trying to be nice, or if what she said was just her being an adult and showing them how to be ‘behave.’

Haruka smiled, but similarly was confused about what her reaction was supposed to be. She was glad that Grandma Rosie had included her in making the dishes and even told her that the Japanese almond flan was looking really good. She had put the white creamy cool jello-like cubes into a large bowl with mixed fruit.

The girls were finally allowed to go eat, and Haruka was even more pleased to find that Grandma Rosie had opted to try her flan-dessert and Anhi’s ‘pancakes’ in her first round by passing what Megan had assured them both was her favorite part of the dinner, Sweet-yam pies and stuffing.

Megan loaded her plate with turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy, sweet potato pie, stuffing, green beans, corn, corn bread, and that pancake that Anhi made the first time around. It all looked so appetizing.

Anna loaded her plate with Turkey, potatoes, stuffing, pancake stuff, the flan thing, green beans and cornbread.

Nicole had similar foods making sure to include the pancake and flan-dessert so as not to hurt the foreign girls’ feelings.

Heidi put quite a bit less on her plate than even Nicole, who was trying to be a lady about her eating habits as her mother had taught her to do, and this caused both the adults to raise their eye brows at her. Heidi smiled a little and just looked down.

Grandma Rosie shook her head and smiled. “Well, just come back for as much as you want, okay?”

Heidi nodded and smiled.

Haruka put only a little bit of every item on her plate, because she needed to nibble and taste the different things before she could feel comfortable eating especially the things she was not acquainted with. She was really having a good time though, and she smiled and tried to explain how each thing tasted like something she was used to in Japan, but just couldn’t find a comparative taste for things like the turkey, the stuffing, and the sweet potato pie. She had never had things like this before.

Anhi was a little more bold in taking more of each thing, and trying it out. She didn’t try to compare it to anything, but just enjoyed the taste of what it was. She seemed to close her eyes and enjoy each new taste.

A conversation abruptly started about the different kinds of holiday foods that they ate in Korea and Japan, and about the things they would have for Christmas at the end of next month.

“How long are you here for?” Anna asked Anhi.

“Until March,” she replied. “We kind came late because of some mixed up problems. We were supposed to start in September here in America, but we just got here at the end of last week.”

“You came at just the right time,” Heidi smiled. “This is the time of the year we have the most vacations, so you won’t have school bogging you down while you get used to Grandma Rosie and living in America.”

Grandma smiled. “You kids really need to learn to prioritize. You are not little kids anymore. One day, you are going to understand how important school is.”

“We know it’s important,” Heidi looked to her friends to back her up.

“Yeah,” Megan whispered.

“It’s just that only thinking about school sucks,” Anna said in a low voice. “The teachers are, well, they are just teachers. They don’t care what we really want in the end, only what the state tells them to teach us.”

“Exactly,” Heidi said with her hands on her hips.

“And you think that you young people can really get along without being taught?” Jennifer asked looking at the girls carefully. “How many of your peers are in trouble all the time because their parents don’t think about teaching them anymore than they learn at school?”

Anna looked down. She knew that there were a lot of teenagers mixed up in bad things—especially unwanted pregnancies and drugs.

Nicole played with her mashed potatoes. Her parents had been saying the same thing for years.

Heidi looked up into Jennifer’s eyes, her eyes tearing up. She would like to tell Jennifer that not everything that parents teach is helpful, but she didn’t dare at the moment. Maybe Jennifer would teach her a lesson if she did.

Megan, who trusted her mother completely, just looked around uncomfortably. She was nervous that her friends would think she was like a child for not saying or speaking up, but she was also feeling that her mother was right, though she had no real proof for herself.

Haruka could feel the heavy air around the table, and this made her nervous as she blinked and started to wiggle her left leg.

Anhi looked up into Jennifer’s eyes, and she asked a very innocent question. “What makes it so bad that girls is pregnant that is seventeen or that she wants to see what is a drug like?”

Jennifer exchanged a glance with Grandma Rosie, and then she started out in a very low tone. She was about to explain something that not even Megan knew the whole story to, but now, she was ready to talk, and if it prevented these young people from making her same mistakes, then it would not be a wasted story.

“Megan doesn’t have a father,” Jennifer started. She looked to the far wall for a moment to give herself time to reflect on the details and on what had happened. She never thought she was a bad person, or someone that was rebellious either, especially at that time. She just wanted to have fun—like everyone else.

“Megan doesn’t have a father because I was wrong. I didn’t listen to my mother,” Jennifer sighed. “I was….” She became suddenly quiet and a tear rolled down her left cheek.

“I found Jennifer, or rather the police did, in an old abandoned shack the day after I called them. She was tied up with old torn clothes on, and her boyfriend had…,” Even Grandma Rosie had to stop talking.

“My boyfriend had basically raped me,” Jennifer sighed. “He had tricked me into going out of town so that my mother wouldn’t know where we were because I felt like my mother was controlling me too much in those days. Well, I learned the hard way that actually, she had not done enough to keep me safe.”

The girls all looked down at hearing about Jennifer. They wondered what Jennifer would do if Megan had not been the kind of person to listen to her all the time. They said nothing, however.

“Jennifer was only sixteen at that time,” Grandma Rosie told the girls. “She had Megan, and it was decided that I had to teach her how to be protective and how to raise Megan so that Megan wouldn’t have the same thing happen to her.”

“Grandma Rosie gave me six months to understand what had happened to me, and maybe it took her that long to decide what to do about the situation. Anyway, I was six months pregnant with Megan by then, and she started to….”

“I put her in diapers for a while and taught her how to be safe,” Grandma Rosie said. “I had taught her to be safe before, but before, I had trusted her to know how to be safe. When that happened, I realized that she was probably doing a lot of things behind my back, so to make sure, I watched her more carefully, and she had actually not rebelled after what had happened to her.”

“That’s why it’s so important that you girls learn how to say no, how to use your better judgment and not just be rebellious when adults try to teach you something, and that you learn to recognize dangerous behavior in others.”

The two adults had finally become quiet, and all six pair of youthful eyes were starting wide at them. That was one of the reasons that Jennifer was the way she was with Megan, and it was why Grandma Rosie told them to watch what they say in public and that they were not allowed to go to dangerous places that they disagreed about.

“I’ll never fight you,” Haruka said to Grandma Rosie. “I berieve you that is right, and I always study hard to my education anyway.”

Grandma Rosie smiled.

Megan stood up, walked around the table, and then fell into her mother’s lap hugging her. She had tears streaming down her eyes, because just the year previous, she had heard that a classmate had had an abortion because she was not ready to be a mother. It suddenly meant something that she couldn’t explain, and she hugged her mother for a long time as she silently sobbed into her mom’s stomach.

Heidi had tears falling down her face, but she was not ready to tell anyone why she understood how much it meant that Megan’s mom, or that Grandma Rosie were so protective. She stood up, and walked over to Grandma Rosie, and she fell into her lap and started to shake with sobs.

Nicole and Anna looked at each other, unsure of what to make of the situation. They both also had tears in their eyes, but Nicole had come from a family that she loved, and that she had never disobeyed. Anna came from a difficult situation, with a single mother, and in many ways thought she was like Megan. She wondered if something similar happened to her mother at some point.

After a good half an hour of reflective quiet and pondering of the things that were happening, the girls all decided to just be patient with Jennifer’s strange rules, and with Grandma Rosie for that matter. They would do whatever they were asked to do because they knew that it all was coming from someone that just really cared.

The dishes were soon piled up and ready to be washed. Megan, Anhi, and Haruka all went to the kitchen to start washing, and Megan and Haruka blocked the kitchen telling Grandma Rosie and Jennifer that they were going to do the dishes because they knew that Jennifer and Grandma Rosie, despite having their help, had actually helped in almost all parts of the preparation so that they really had no time to rest at all.

“Did you know you were not a father?” Anhi asked Megan as they started the dishes.

“Well, yeah, I knew that mom never liked to talk about it. She never really told me what happened before though, and well, I’m sorry for acting like a baby just a few minutes ago, but one of my classmates had killed her baby last year because she wasn’t ready, and….” Megan started to tear up again.

“I understand,” Haruka nodded. “It is rike, you know you so hard for mom, but you know she cared it anyway, and you could rive. I would same thing if find my mom keep me same way.”

Megan nodded. It was funny, but even though Haruka’s English was not very good, she could understand her better right now than she could some of her classmates.

“Grandma Rosie is very special,” Anhi said in a low tone. “I really like her.”

“Me too,” Haruka nodded.

After the dishes were washed up, and the girls were all in the living room again, everyone seemed to be laughing by then, and Grandma Rosie brought out some games for them to play. She said that it was a waste to watch television all day during the holidays, when holidays were really a time for family sharing.

They played for about three hours until someone noticed that Nicole’s pants were wet.

“Oh, dear, did you wet your pants?” Grandma Rosie asked Nicole.

“Yeah, I’m sorry,” she whispered.

“It’s okay. You are a young lady. But you really should change. How long have you been sitting there without telling anyone?”

Nicole shrugged. “I was trying to be, um… well, um….”

“You were scared to tell someone?” Grandma Rosie raised an eyebrow.

Nicole nodded. “I didn’t want to be impolite since it already happened.”

“It’s not impolite to tell us that you are uncomfortable,” Grandma Rosie smiled. “Just go take a bath and clean up. It’s almost bedtime anyway, honey.”

Nicole nodded and walked off towards the bathroom, and now everyone could see clearly that she was soaked all down her legs.

Jennifer walked back to see Nicole gathering her clothes. She took her by the hand and brought her into the bathroom where they ran the water for her.

“You know, Nicole. If you wet your pants or something, you really should tell someone that you are uncomfortable, or if that embarrasses you, then at least sneak off by yourself and clean up. You can get sick wearing wet pants all the time, honey.”

“I know,” Nicole hung her head.

“I’m not trying to scold you,” Jennifer smiled at her. “I’m just concerned that you are scared to tell someone because you are afraid of diapers, but if you are having medical problems, I’m not going to put you in diapers during the daytime for it. It’s just important to get cleaned up.”

“Alright,” Nicole nodded.

“You go ahead and clean up. I’ll take your wet things to the washroom.”

The next morning, Friday, the shuttle van seemed to arrive quite early.

*026*2012-03-11 09:01

What do you want?

A: Do you want me to skip to Christmas break?

B: Do you want me to include a chapter before Christmas about school gossip and maybe an accident at school again?

Also, I'm open to suggestions. However, mom will not wet her pants in public until near the end of the story if at all. It has been suggested once, and I'm thinking about it for an ending to the story, but I'm not sure it will happen.

*031*2012-04-10 01:51

I thought interest in it was dying, so I thought it pointless to kick a dead stone. If some people would like me to continue the story, I'll get back to it. I just didn't want to bore people with something they didn't feel like reading.

*034*2012-04-11 22:45

Megan’s Christmas Program

Chapter 6

As Christmas approached, Jennifer put Megan into a nice pink dress and they went to church together and sat in the far back rows. Jennifer had always looked enviously at the families around her at church and felt a little out of place because she felt like she was the only single mother in the congregation.

In Sunday school, the older teen girls split away from the adults, and on this particular Sunday, the teacher handed out papers for the teenagers to take seriously. It was a message about the Savior’s life mission, and the meaning he had to them.

“This year, we are going to do a play on the birth of Christ. Now, I know that six high school kids are not enough, but we will put the parts together, and then invite the primary kids to join us next week. I want each of you to go home tonight and decide what parts are important in the play and what parts can be skipped over because we will only have thirty minutes on Christmas day to present our final production to our parents.”

Megan sighed. She really didn’t want to be in the play because she felt as her mother, that she really didn’t belong here among these “normal” people. Two of the girls in her Sunday school class particularly made her feel uncomfortable being there every opportunity they got.

As Megan got into the little car that her mom drove, and settled in, her mom brought up the play. “I hear that your Sunday School group is going to be directing a play for all of us.”

“Yeah,” Megan smiled weakly.

“You do know, that everyone around us looks at us strangely enough. You cannot miss this performance, and you need to behave,” Jennifer looked down at Megan’s pants to emphasize what she meant.

“I know,” Megan sighed. “I’ll be good, mom, I promise.”

“I’d rather you didn’t have to do the Christmas Play, but if you refused to do it, it might make things worse for you and for us. So, I’m going to ask that you do your best in it.”

“I understand, mommy.”

“Good.”

The next day at school, Megan ran into one of the most spiteful girls she had ever met, and she really wished she had not seen her at all.

“Megan!” called her friend Anna from across the lunch room, and Megan walked towards her friend first thing in the morning. Megan was feeling pretty good this morning, and she was very happy that Anna wanted to talk to her despite how her mother was treating the four of them.

She sat down at the table with a hot cinnamon roll, something the school had recently started to do on cold mornings to get the students motivated to come to school earlier in the mornings, and basically so they would be on time.

“Can you believe this?” Megan complained to her friend. “I don’t even wanted to be in the play, but if I’m not, my mom is worried that people at our church will be even meaner to me, so I really have no choice.”

“What do they do to you at church?”

“Well, no one even talks to me. I don’t know why I even go, except that mom says I have to. And now, I have to work on a play with them even though they won’t even say anything to me normally. I’m really going to hate this.”

“Yeah, I can understand,” Anna shifted nervously in her seat.

“What’s wrong?” Megan asked her.

“Well, I am also having my own problems,” she presented a paper.

“Hey Fatso! You are being watched, we have decided that we don’t want you stinking up our facilities anymore, so if you go anywhere near the toilets today, you are going to be sorry. Sincerely your enemies, The girls.”

“That’s terrible!” Megan crumpled the already crumpled paper. “Are you going to go to the office about this at all?”

Anna shook her head. “What am I going to tell them? I’m scared that some girls that are my same age are going to be mean to me, so I’m too scared to use the toilet?” Anna asked blinking. “They would laugh at me, and anyway, it won’t make things any easier. It seems like there are more than one.”

“How do you know there are more than one involved though?” Megan asked.

“I don’t, but last week,” she blushed very red. “I had to use the bathroom rather badly, and when I came out, several girls started calling me names.”

“Do you see them around right now?”

Anna shook her head. “What would you do anyway? I mean, there were a lot of girls in the bathroom that started doing it.”

“Was it really that bad?” Megan asked. “The smell, I mean?”

Anna nodded.

“Well, like their crap don’t smell,” Megan put a consoling hand her friend’s back. “What are you going to do?”

“I don’t know,” Anna said honestly.

About this time, Nicole and Heidi came over with their own cinnamon rolls. Megan passed the paper over to them, and demanded of them. “What are we going to do about this?”

The other two girls looked from Megan to Anna who they supposed the note was about. They all looked at one another, and then shook their heads. It seemed that at least for the moment, no one had any good ideas.

After school, Megan found Anna and started to walk home with her and the others.

“Did they really do what the note said?” Heidi asked as she rubbed her should.

“Yeah,” Anna replied softly. “I’m still trying to hold it.”

“We should try to hurry. My house is the closer one,” Nicole directed them all towards her house. “We have to get them back. Do you know who is the ring leader is?”

Anna nodded.

Megan and the others waited in the kitchen while Anna ran down the hall to the bathroom, but somewhere on her way, the girls all heard a gasp and then some sobbing.

Megan felt bad, and walked back towards Anna with the others, her head hanging.

They came upon Anna, in front of the bathroom, her pants soaked.

“It was bound to happen,” Nicole replied to her. “Come, I’ll take you to my room and get you something to wear.”

Megan patted Anna’s back. “No one blames you, Anna,” she whispered. “It’s that Angela’s fault, and I’m going to pay her back as soon as I figure out how to do it.”

For a few hours, they sat in Nicole’s room, Anna wearing a skirt borrowed from Nicole trying to figure out how to get those stupid girls back.

Megan walked into her house at eight o’clock that night, and her mother walked out of the living room to stop her daughter going upstairs. “Where were you?”

“At Nicole’s house.”

“Why didn’t you call?”

“I tried. The phone was busy every time I tried.”

“Every time?” her mother looked sternly at her.

Megan nodded.

“Well, come to the living room so we can get you ready for bed.”

Megan nodded and walked behind her mom. She laid on the table and let her mom put her in a clean diaper with powder and lotions.

The next day at school, Megan found a note taped to her locked, and when she read it, it said that she was going to be observed and that she was not going to use public washrooms as well as the other members of her small group.

“Just what I need,” Megan sighed. She walked towards the office carrying the threatening letter. She wasn’t sure if they’d do anything or not, but she had to try so that her mom wouldn’t think that she was being a baby on purpose.

“Excuse me?” the office worker addressed her.

“This note was on my locker,” she handed it over.

“I see. And you don’t know who wrote it?”

“I’m pretty sure I know who wrote it.”

“Did you see her write it?”

Megan shook her head.

“Did you see who placed the note?”

Again she shook her head.

“Well come to the office if you get any more threats.”

Nicole just nodded and departed for her first class.

What were they really going to do? Megan shook her head. Of course they were just giving her their usual line, and in the end, they would do nothing until she was wet and in trouble for it. There was no way she was going to go to the office like that, and let her mother find out that she was wet at school.

Megan had actually done pretty well, and it wasn’t until third hour that she started to feel like going to the bathroom. Her math teacher seemed to drone on about numbers, as she sat in her desk starting to squirm a bit carefully watching the clock. It was good that this section was so hard, because it meant he spent the whole hour lecturing about it, and he would likely give no homework on that day because no one was understanding it. The one good thing about him, was that he was fair.

He walked up and down the rows as he paused from his lecture for the students to write down the latest problem he had presented on the board for them to try.

Megan, now starting to get nervous about her needs, rubbed her thighs with her hands as she stared at the problem on the boar trying to make sense of it. It would be a lot easier if her bladder wasn’t throbbing and sending signals to her inner ‘lips’ which also throbbed with the desire to let the burning liquid just slip past, but she held her legs more stiffly and more resolutely together squeezing the muscles with effort to make sure nothing leaked out.

“Megan,” the man was beside her desk. “You haven’t written anything down yet.”

“I’m sorry, I’m still thinking about it, sir,” she whispered.

“Well, write the problem down, at least,” he instructed.

Megan nodded, and she took one her hands from her thigh, and grabbed her pencil to start writing.

The bell rang, and just as she thought, he didn’t have the time to give them homework, and that made her smile as she packed up her things. Just another minute or so, and she could race across the hall to the bathroom.

She grabbed her math things, shoved them into her bag, and grabbing the bag by one of the shoulder straps, she darted out the door, fought the stream of students pushing first in one direction on the side of the hall closest to math, and then the other stream of students going the opposite direction nearer to the toilets, and came to face a small group of girls waiting there.

“Did you think we were kidding when we put that note on your desk?” Angela asked her.

“You better let me go,” Megan whispered though not really as confidently as she wanted to sound. “I showed the office your stupid note.”

“And they laughed at you, didn’t they?” Angela tormented. “They told you to come back later if something really happened. But are you really going to go back if you pee your pants?”

Megan blushed. She knew that had better not wet herself, and she was feeling a little scared. “Please, I’ll do anything. Just let me go.”

“Anything?” Angela smiled. “If you’ll do anything, then tell all three of your friends that they have to avoid the bathrooms for two weeks or you won’t be their friend anymore.”

Megan looked at her with frown. “That’s not….”

“…Fair,” Angela nodded and smirked. “See? You really wouldn’t do anything.”

Megan started to try to push past as Angela seemed a little off guard, but the two others with her were not off guard, and they pushed her back into the stream of students who accidently pushed her down.

Megan stood up and tried to rush them, and one of the girls let her knock her down while Angela decided to leave the scene completely, and the other girl ran across the hall to get a teacher.

Megan ran into the bathroom to find a small line in front of the three stalls. She stood there trying to hold herself, and the bathroom door burst open with the MAN math teacher and two women teachers. The girls started screaming, but they were all ignored except for Megan.

“Get over here,” the math teacher called to her.

“But I’ll lose my place in line,” she tried to explain sorrowfully.

“You’ll lose more than that if you don’t get over her right now!”

Megan walked to the teacher, and he grabbed her arm. He took her out of the bathroom, and the other girl was on the floor sitting next to her ‘friend’ making sure she was ‘ok.’

“This is the girl?”

The one that was not pretending to be hurt nodded.

Megan gave her an evil look.

The math teacher unfortunately saw it. “Stop threatening them!” he scolded her. He yanked her down the hall away from the toilets, and Megan felt tears building with in her soul before forming at her eyes. The man wasn’t listening even as she tried to explain.

“Sit,” he directed her pointing at a chair outside the principal’s office.

Megan nodded and sat down, her stomach feeling a bit bloated and her muscles inside her lips quivering and weakening. She wasn’t sure how long she could wait, but she was now more scared of how much trouble she was in for ‘bullying’ than she was worried if she had an accident.

Megan sat in the chair for a good fifteen minutes waiting for the principal to finish with something else, all the while her bladder tugging at her nerves, the pee burning as it fought against her tightly closed muscles, and her knees sore from knocking at each other, rubbing, and trying to literally melt into one closed meaty being making the cracks between her legs disappear.

Her bladder was sloshy and sluggish. Her tummy felt as tight as pulling on a blouse that was two sizes too small. Her hairline had beads of sweat forming in the hairline. She was on the verge of her willpower, and shaking in her seat. But no one paid it much attention. Students often shook when they sat in that chair next to the principal’s office because he was not someone that students came to see willingly.

Megan was starting to mumble to herself about her needs, and she looked up at the clock and to the front desk wondering if they would let her ask to go. She was so scared, and so close to wetting, but feeling helpless.

Finally, as her ‘lips’ burned particularly badly, her privates feeling as though they were shuddering, she softly cleared her throat, and she stood up slowly and approached the front desk.

“Can I help you, young lady?” the woman asked.

“Please, I need to go to the bathroom,” she looked down hoping the woman would let her.

“Well, you are here because you are in trouble, aren’t you?”

Megan nodded not really seeing how that had anything to do with her going to the bathroom or not.

“Well, as we don’t want you using that as an excuse to run away, I’m afraid I’ll have to take you.”

Megan nodded. She didn’t mind it if the woman thought she had to babysit her to the bathroom.

The woman stood up and reached for her hand.

“Do I have to hold your hand?” Megan looked at her with indignity.

“If you want to use the bathroom, yes—or are you lying?”

Megan shook her head and let the woman take her hand. She was not going to fight about it when she was so close to an accident. The woman took our her keys, because since the nurse was off that day for some reason, that office was locked, and she opened the door.

The woman pulled Megan into the private bathroom in the nurse’s office, and then turned Megan to face her. “Make sure you go. If you waste my time, I’ll be telling the principal of that too,” then she turned Megan to face the toilet and she stood there in the open doorway.

Megan walked to the toilet, turned around to pull down her pants and sit down when she noticed that the woman was not leaving. “Are you going to watch me?”

“I have to. You are in trouble, young lady.”

Megan blushed. It was bad enough when she had to use the bathrooms at school with the stalls and everyone crowded around them, but at least they had doors to give her privacy. This woman was staring right at her.

Megan nervously pushed down her pants. It was a woman after all. It wasn’t like she’d do anything to her, was it? And she sat on the toilet her body still quite aware of being watched.

She could feel her privates twitching and pulsating, but the urine was not releasing. Her stomach felt so bloated, and her head was swimming in desire to let it go, but her body was now fighting it because of the woman before her. The woman didn’t even turn her back, and this was even harder for her.

“Can you… at least turn around?” Megan whispered softly through the air.

“Don’t be such a little kid,” the woman chastised her. “We’re both the same gender, and I’m not watching that, I’m keeping eye on you.”

Megan was breathing heavily. Suddenly she felt a spurt slip past, and it hit the toilet water making a clearly audible sound that made her blush. Then she squirted again, and again. The flow would never really come, but she was able to squirt again and again until at least half of her bladder was empty.

Finally, her body stopped letting any out, though she tried to push and push at what remained. Her body was tired of being watched, and she no longer had to go badly enough to need to embarrass herself in front of this lady any longer. She didn’t even wipe because of the woman watching, but just stood up pulling up her jeans and her panties in one movement, wanting to get covered as fast as possible.

“Don’t you even wipe, child?” the woman chastised her.

“When I’m not being watched, I do,” she said softly.

The woman directed her to the sink and made sure she washed her hands at least and then led her back out to sit in the chair she had been in.

(Just part one: I don't have time to continue right now, but a few people wanted to read some more of this)

*039*2012-07-08 23:23

Megan’s Sadistic Mother

Jennifer was called to the school and she found Megan waiting for her in the main office off from the principal’s office. She looked down at her daughter who had tears in her eyes, and who rocked back and forth. She walked past her into the principal’s office.

“Thank you for coming on such a short notice. Your daughter is starting fights at….”

“Are you asking me to believe that my daughter started a fight?”

“Yes, there were several witnesses and the girl that was knocked down was crying.”

“I see… and of course you’ve heard Megan out?”

“Not yet. I wanted you to be here when I talked to her.”

Jennifer shook her head. Megan was a lazy teenager at times, but she was not a bully. Something was wrong with this picture, and she wouldn’t accept that her daughter had just pushed someone for no reason.

“Call her in, then. I want to know what she has to say about it.”

The office door opened.

“Megan?” the principal called to her.

Megan stood up looking at the ground. She walked into the office and with a guilty glance up at her mother, sure that she was angry, she tried to smiled but quickly looked down.

“You are being accused of bullying,” her mother started the conversation. “Did you push a girl down?”

Megan nodded.

“Did you have any particular reason for doing so?”

“She was blocking the bathroom and wouldn’t move so I could go.”

“Is that all?”

The principal looked on from her desk her mother talked with Megan.

Megan shook her head.

“What else happened?”

Megan took out the note that was on her back earlier, and she showed her mom.

Jennifer frowned at it. “Did you show the office?”

Megan nodded.

Jennifer put the note on the principal’s desk.

“They said they’d move only if I forced my three friends to pee themselves for two weeks and then stop being their friend.”

Jennifer turned to look at the principal. “What of these girls? They are in trouble aren’t they?”

“I didn’t see this note before,” the principal whispered.

“I showed it to the office this morning,” Megan looked from her mom to the principal and then back again. “I did. You can even ask Ms. Evans.”

The principal looked the note over quite carefully.

“It has no signature. Do you know which girl wrote it?”

“No,” Megan whispered. “But I know who the leader is.”

“How do you know?”

“Because she’s been picking on my friends since last week, and because she always picks on me.”

“I see. Well, who is it then?”

“Angela. Angela Hebbleworth.”

“I’ll have words with her, but you were still figh—.”

Jennifer cut her off. “My daughter was not fighting if she was just barging into a bathroom where she has a right to go! My daughter didn’t do anything wrong!”

“She pushed another student!”

“She was about to wet her pants!”

“If that’s true, then her undies should probably be wet, right?”

“You… that… um…” though she didn’t think the principal had a right to anything like that, she couldn’t fight the feeling that he was right, and her daughter would likely be a little wet. Even still, she didn’t see what that had to do with whether he should punish her for using the toilet or not.

“So, I think she should show you her unders,” the principal sat back in his chair. “If she’s wet, I’ll let her off this time with a warning and punish the girls that tried to make her wet her pants, but if she’s dry, then she’s lying.”

Jennifer gulped. “That’s just wrong.”

“Wrong?” he asked her. “You want me to take the word of a troublemaker over fifteen witnesses that said she pushed another girl. And you present me with a situation that could have justified her position, but there is no proof that that’s what happened.”

“Fine, we’ll show you,” Jennifer blushed. “Then we’ll take you to the school board for being like this with the victim of bullying. Megan, drop your pants and show the principal.”

“But… but my undies aren’t even wet, mom. The office clerk took me to the bathroom.”

Jennifer felt her face getting redder. She was burning up. Everything seemed to be pointing to the idea that her daughter was possibly lying, and yet, she didn’t think Megan could bully another student as she was accused of, and rushing to the bathroom seemed like a good reason to push someone out of your way…if they were blocking it. There was a note.

“What about the note,” her face was flashing hot then normal and then hot again as she looked at the principal asking him to accept that as proof.

“The letter will be investigated, but it is no proof of why your daughter pushed this other young lady down.”

Jennifer looked at the ground. “You pushed the girl….”

Megan had tears in her eyes. “She was blocking the toilets and wouldn’t let me in.”

“Come with mommy,” Jennifer held her hand out. “I want to see Anna, Nicole, and Heidi,” Jennifer rounded on the principal again.

“Why do you want to see them?”

“I just do.”

“You are not their guardian, so you have no right to demand to see them. They are not the bullies, are they?”

“No. They are her friends who might know about everything that was happening.”

In the end, they ended up going back home without seeing the girls. Jennifer looked over at her daughter, a little sorry that the school decided to punish her anyway. She was kicked out of school for two days.

“Well, even though I should punish you when you are kicked out of school,” Jennifer began. “I don’t think you deserved it this time. I would like to see your panties for myself though, if you don’t mind when we get home.”

Megan nodded. She was already used to her mother diapering her, so being checked was nothing compared to that, even if she was a little damp, and she was.

Upon coming into the living room, and just before Jennifer said anything about her taking off her pants, Megan looked up to her and cleared her throat.

“Did you want to say something?” her mom asked.

“I don’t want you to think I was lying to you,” she looked down. “I didn’t want to show the principal my wet panties, but they are a little damp from having almost wet earlier.”

Jennifer nodded. “I can understand that. Thank you for telling me the truth. Go lie on the cot and I’ll put a diaper on you , okay?”

Megan smiled and walked to the cot. She thought that it was much too early to be put in a diaper, but at least her mom wasn’t mad at her.

“May I go potty first?”

“Didn’t you finish, honey?” Her mom had been told that an office lady had taken her to the bathroom just before.

Megan shook her head. “The woman wouldn’t look away, and I was too nervous.”

“Alright, go potty and hurry back, okay?”

Megan went to the bathroom and sighed as she was able to finish her little task.

It's been a while, but I have added to the current chapter.

Sorry I keep putting this one off. I just have so many ideas that I forget about some of my stories that I actually even like.

*042*2012-07-12 04:01

Wow! I actually made someone mad enough to beat an inanimate object up! Grins. I was trying to make the principal a villian that everyone hated, so I succeeded!

