Ally

Author: Meowth

*008*2012-05-27 23:41

Edit of Chapter 2

. Not necessary to read. I simply made some changes to make it more poignant. The plot is not altered.

Also, I have another chapter!

Chapter 3:

Today she smelled like strawberries. The scent was subtle, but it was still oddly captivating. I gently squeezed her arm and she let out a soft moan. Again, she was laying there, head against my chest, staring down at my erection; which, out of exhaustion, had begun to fade. As we sat in silence, I kept myself occupied by staring down at her slender body, admiring her generous chest and voluptuous hips.

The panties were still clinging to her, showing off the shape of her bottom, making something perfect into something better. The bra still held her breasts, making them extra welcoming, and extra squishy. But most appealing of all was her constant squirming. She still needed to pee, and in the last few minutes, the urge had grown quite bad.

My imagination humored many fantasies, some involving her body, some involving her love, but many involving her bladder and its inevitable need to be voided. I didn’t know what her plan was. Did she plan to wet herself again? I hoped so, but I couldn’t be so greedy as to request it from her again. It was too soon.

However, if she were to offer… I just had to hope that was her plan. Dwelling on it could do me no good, so I struggled to purge the thoughts from my mind; yet, my efforts were futile. Even in the glow of her radiant body I obsessed over her desperation, and this lead me to a conclusion about my motivations: I had a non-sexual desire to see her urinate. There was a part of me that was, no doubt, sexually satisfied by her need, but there was also a deeply rooted psychological desire that begged for it.

“Mmm…” she squirmed again. “I gotta pee.”

“Holdin’ up alright?”

“No, I don’t know how much longer I can wait without risking an accident.”

“And I’m guessing you don’t want that?” I could already feel myself deflating.

“Not really. At least not now.”

Not now. It meant there was still a chance… later.

“So, you gonna go then?”

“I’d like to hold on more for you, but it’s really bad…” Her words breathed new life into my faded erection.

“Heh, alright, don’t want you wetting the bed.”

“Oh God, that’d be a fun conversation to have with mom…”

“Oh, yeah. That wouldn’t be awkward at all.”

She sat up, her hand immediately slipping between her legs and pressing down on the panties.

“Ugh, this is worse than I thought.” She crawled off the bed, hand not leaving her groin for an instant. “Good thing we decided to end this when we did…”

“Heh, yeah.” I could feel my heart trying to ram its way out of my chest.

“But uh, you know, I was wondering since I sorta waited this long and I don’t really want all that time to go to waste… if you know, you wanted to watch?”

“Do I… wanna watch? …Uh, yeah, that actually sounds really fantastic!”

“I mean, I can’t really wet myself this time, but you know, it’s something…”

“No, no! It’s g-great! I mean, I would love to watch…”

“I figured… I offered in the woods that one time, but, well… You already know what happened.”

“Heh, yeah, thanks again for that.”

“It’s no problem, but, uh, let’s go ahead and do this. I’m dying over here.” She squirmed a little, her soft little legs rubbing against each other, fighting off the growing urge. I sat up and placed my feet on the ground as she walked to the bathroom. I watched her butt sway as she moved -- a subtle urgency in her step and an erotic professionalism in her swing.

I was so lucky to have such a goddess in my life. Maybe it was the sexual gratification that overwhelmed me, or maybe it was her awe-inspiring generosity… Or maybe it was something else entirely. All I knew is that I wanted nothing more than to have these perverse proclivities indulged. Whether it was to see her desperate, to see her urinating, or to see her wetting… any and all seemed to stimulate my mind and body beyond healthy consideration.

“Uh, Leo, you coming?”

“Sorry, yeah!”

When I entered the bathroom I saw her standing in front of the toilet, hand still on her groin, and body facing mine. Her butt was pointed slightly backwards and her legs couldn’t seem to stay still. Seeing her squirm in that black lingerie, combined with the anticipation of what was to come; it was too much. I could feel myself growing hard; but she ignored it, too nervous and desperate to pay my rampant sex drive any thought.

“Okay, you ready?”

“Ally, I’m more than ready.”

“Okay, good, because so am I.” She paused for a moment and I walked closer to her. She placed her hands on the hem of the panties and exhaled deeply. “Well, here goes nothing. She slid them down around her thighs and sat on the toilet. She then pushed them down to her feet and spread her legs. I could see her swallow in fear; but I couldn’t say much, since I could barely hide my trembling.

We both stared between her legs, waiting in anticipation. I had always loved looking between her legs or at her chest whenever I could, even if her fur always did a much-too satisfactory job at concealing her body. The intimacy of the area, the taboo nature of the spot, it makes it erogenous and tempting; but now, with her unspoken permission to stare, with the coming explosion of sexual gratification, the spot became something almost divinely alluring.

Several seconds went by. I was about to speak up and ask her if she was okay, but before I had a chance I was cut-off by a quick “pssh.” I saw urine fall from her fur and disappear into the toilet. Before I could even grasp what had happened, I heard it again, but this time it didn’t stop. A long stream of urine had started to pour from her fur and forcefully hit the water.

The sounds were oddly compelling and varied. Sometimes it sounded like a faucet and other times like a fine spray. There was a transient hissing noise that seemed to go in and out, sometimes loud, sometimes inaudible. I couldn’t see the source of the urine, but I could see the fur growing damp, which was almost equally erotic. I wondered how girl’s faired when they didn’t have toilet paper to dry themselves, and how this affected their clothes…

The stream started to slow down. I watched it go from a waterfall, to a downpour, to a trickle. A few quick bursts shot out of her until finally even they were nothing more than occasional dribbles. She looked up at me and swallowed. There was that same face of pure self-consciousness. She was looking for acceptance… She needed validation.

“You are the most beautiful person.”

She started laughing as tears formed in her eyes.

“Hey, what’s wrong?”

“I-it’s nothing…” She was still laughing. “I’m just really nervous… Or, I was, at least.”

“You don’t have anything to worry about… You did great!”

“… I did?”

“Ally, I can’t even describe how amazing that was.”

She sniffed. “I’m glad. I kinda feel like an idiot for getting all teary eyed for no reason.”

“No, no, don’t worry about it! You were just nervous; it’s understandable!”

“Yeah, I guess.” She wiped her eyes. “Could you move over? You’re standing in front of the toilet paper.”

“Oh, sorry.” I moved to the side, but I did so reluctantly. There was a voice in my head that wanted more. The tension in my muscles had not faded. My desperation had not left me. There was no explosion of sexual gratification. I wanted something more tangible to cling to; I wanted something more substantial than a fleeting memory.

I had considered asking her to not wipe. I wanted her to stand up and pull up the panties, to see them get dampened; but why bother? What satisfaction would this bring me? Yet still my heart waned for it. My mind yearned. Almost every impulse in my body screamed for me to go forward and make this simple request. Denying myself the pleasure filled me with rage and it left this black void in my chest. It left this unexplainable sensation in my heart. This unquenchable thirst in my soul.

But it was too late. The thin paper grew saturated as her fur became dry. She dropped it in the toilet and pulled up the panties. She flushed and walked over to wash her hands and face. I felt the anger dissipate, and left within me was nothing but that void. It was a depressed mass of regretful nostalgia. A sudden awareness of a deceased past and a dying future.

*009*2012-06-01 19:40

It was roughly a week later when I made the call. We had not spoken of anything sexual since, neither of us wanting to bore the other. After all, we were limited in the games we could play. She was not yet comfortable with sex and I didn’t want to overwhelm her with my fetish. There was only so much we could do.

“Hey, Leo!” Her voice rang over the phone.

“Hey, Ally. What’s up?”

“Oh, nothing much, just watching some TV. You?”

“Hmm, I’m just sitting here, bored.”

“Ohhhh, I see.” There was a brief moment of silence. “Did you go to the assembly today?”

“What, you mean for class rings, right?”

“Yeah.”

We spent the next ten or so minutes carrying on, making casual conversation. Our ability to communicate was one of the greatest things about our relationship, and it was one of the reasons I liked her so much.

But, she knew there was ulterior motive behind me randomly calling at eight o’clock at night. There didn’t have to be, but she knew there was. I was sexually deprived, and she wanted to assist me. Out of politeness, we always opened up by talking and making sure both parties were in a good mood; to go forward and proposition someone when they are distraught is the last thing one should do – it is presumptuous and maladaptive. It indicates apathy and a lack of forethought.

“So, Ally, I was wondering if I could be so crazy as to ask you a question…”

“A question?” She responded curiously.

“Yes, it’s about my, uh… kink.”

“Ohhhhh… Yeah, sure, you can ask.”

“Oh, alright, cool…” I paused for a moment. “You remember how you told me about that time you had waited too long and almost wet yourself?” The very words made my blood flow.

“Mmhm.”

“I was wondering if there were maybe any other times…?”

“…Hmm, yeah, I think so.”

“Would you be willing to tell me about them?”

“Uh huh, I’ve just got to try and remember them.”

“’Kay.” The next several moments were filled with what I felt to be an awkward silence, but I couldn’t tell if it was awkward for her too.

“I do remember one. But I don’t know if it counts…”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, it’s hard to explain. I’ll just tell you, I guess.”

“Alright, I suppose we’ll see then.”

“Yep… Well, this was… a few years ago. I was swimming in Fiza’s pool and, I don’t know about you, but when I swim, I usually have to pee pretty quickly. And, well, we were having fun so I didn’t want to get out.”

“How come you didn’t go in the pool?”

“I don’t know, I just think it’s kinda nasty… I mean, come on, you’d be swimming around in your own urine.”

“The chlorine kills anything bad, and plus, I’m sure Fiza was doing it.”

“Nope, Fiza doesn’t like it either. That was another big reason I never did it, because it was her pool and I knew she hated that.”

“Eh, I don’t know, I don’t think it’s that big of a deal.”

“It’s not, really, it is just kinda nasty, I guess.”

“Eh…”

“Hmm, coming from the perve with the pee fetish… I’m sure you’d like it.”

“Hurr, you’re funny.”

“Mmhm, I know.”

“Alright, alright, so what happened in your story?”

“Okay, well, we were swimming around, I had to pee, having fun… all of that. And, after awhile, it got kinda bad. Really bad.”

“Could she tell you had to go?”

“I had mentioned it a few times and she told me she did too. Neither of us really thought much about it because we didn’t expect anything to happen. And she couldn’t really see what I was doing under the water.”

“… What you were doing under the water?”

“Yeah, I was holding myself and rubbing my legs together. You know, stuff like that. Oh, and, I don’t if it’s just me, but holding it feels different when you’re swimming. I mean, don’t jump to any conclusions here, but it actually feels kinda good.”

“Hmm, yeah, I figured it was just me, too, but having to go under water does feel kind of good.”

“Yeah, it’s like a…. tingly feeling. So, I mean, Fiza had me distracted and the urge wasn’t really bothering me… So I just kinda stayed. Which is dumb, since we were laughing and stuff. It was really just a matter of time.

“You were laughing?”

“Yeah, you know, we were just hanging out and having a good time. That’s why I didn’t get out.”

“Oh, I see. I can imagine laughing doesn’t help much when you need to pee.”

“Ha, not at all… Actually, I’ve had a few ‘close-calls’ from laughing.”

“You have, huh?”

“Oh yeah, it’s the worst… but one story at a time!”

“Heh, yeah, of course. Please, go on.”

“Alright, well, like I said, I had to pee really bad; and, I guess Fiza thought it would be a good idea to go underwater and swim toward me – she was always a really fast swimmer. She swam behind me and, like an idiot, I didn’t keep track of her. Before I knew it, she had gotten between my legs and was coming up. She lifted me in the air and I fell backwards into the water…”

“Ha, wow, she really got you.”

“Yeah, she did. It was really dumb because the water was clear, too! I really should have expected it… But, the best part is that when she lifted me up, I wasn’t ready for it… so... I might have peed, just a little…”

“Wait, wait, wait, you mean you peed on her?”

“Just a little!”

“Oh, wow, Ally.”

“There was a lot of water splashing around, okay? She couldn’t have felt it. I’m sure none of it even got on her.”

“Whatever gets you to sleep at night.”

“I’m serious! The pool was filled with gallons of water! How is she going to feel my pee out of all of that?”

“It isn’t even about the pee, Ally. It’s just… the premise of what happened.”

“The premise… It was an accident!”

“I know, I know, it’s just… That’s hilarious!”

“… Do you want me to tell you this story or not?”

“Ha, ha, sorry! Please, continue.”

“Okay, thank you, now, as I was saying: after my little… situation-

“-before or after you peed on your friend?”

“…”

“Sorry, sorry! Go on!”

“…” She sighed. “Anyway, I had to go a lot more at that point. I had already let a little out and the rest wasn’t far behind. We were both laughing hysterically and that wasn’t helping…. I sorta like, yelled that I had to pee and I started running to the stairs of the pool. But, I couldn’t really run fast because of the water; and I felt like an idiot, holding myself, running at like, one mile per hour.”

“You know, one mile per hour actually isn’t that bad.”

“What?”

“I mean, that’s pretty fast for someone running through water.”

“… Okay, new rule, you’re not allowed to speak until I finish the story.”

“Heh, sorry.”

“Alright, so, I was trying to get out of the pool before I started going. I climbed the stairs and like, the second my butt got out of the water I lost control, but only for a second.”

“Wait, what do you mean you ‘lost control?’”

“Like, a quick stream kinda came out. I couldn’t stop it.”

“Did she see it?”

“… No, there was too much water pouring off my bikini. She had no idea.”

“Oh, yeah, what were you wearing?”

“Just a two piece swimsuit.”

“… I don’t think I’ve ever seen you in a swimsuit before…”

“I guess I’ll have to show you sometime, then. Maybe we can go swimming together.”

“Maybe recreate this event…?”

“Maybe…”

“…So, what color was the bikini?”

“Red. Well, more like a dark crimson, if anything.”

“Mmm, kinky.”

“Yep. Anyway, I got out and like, grabbed myself again, but it wasn’t doing much. We normally peed behind her shed which was only a few feet away, but as I ran, I could feel pee just sorta of… squirting out. I couldn’t control it at all.”

“She couldn’t see that?”

“Nope. A lot of it was running down my legs, so she couldn’t tell the difference between it and the pool water.”

“And what about you? Could you feel it?”

“Yeah, it was a lot warmer than the pool water. Not to mention I was kinda peeing on my hand, because I was trying to hold it back.”

“Ohhh.”

“Mmhm, the breeze was chilly as hell too. That was one of the reasons I was having so much trouble holding on. It caught me off guard.”

“That’d make sense.”

“Yeah, so, I got behind the shed; and at this point, I had completely lost control. I just stood there, legs spread, peeing full force through my bikini. There was still a little running down my legs, but most of it was just pouring straight to the ground. I was a little worried she would suspect something since the second I had made it out of sight, it started hitting the ground, and it was kinda loud. She could probably hear. But I don’t think she cared much, to be honest. It wasn’t like we hadn’t peed in our swimsuits before.”

“You’ve got to be kidding.”

“What?”

“You are just a never-ending fountain of stories… No pun intended.”

“Ha, yeah, I guess I am. Bet that makes you happy, huh?”

“Hell yes it does…”

“We haven’t even known each other that long and you’ve already seen me pee myself…”

“Well, in your defense, I kinda asked you to do it.”

“True, but it was still a real accident. You should be proud.”

“Don’t you worry,” I laughed. “I am. But what about your story? What happened?”

“Oh, I just walked back to the pool and got back in. Laughed it off.”

“Ah… Did it feel good?”

“Did what?”

“You know, wetting yourself.”

“Oh… Eh, yeah. It felt really weird, because my bladder was like ridiculously full. I swear I peed a gallon behind her shed; and when you swim it sorta feels different when you let go. Just like when you’re holding it.”

“Yeah.”

“Oh, and I guess the pee felt kinda nice because it was warm. The wind was chilly, like I said before…”

“Yep.”

“So… I suppose that’s it!”

“Wow. That was really fantastic!”

“You really liked it that much?”

“I wish I could have been there, Ally. That sounded amazing! And it even sounded kind of fun for you.”

“Heh, yeah, I guess it wasn’t too bad. I mean, it wasn’t that embarrassing and it felt nice. But it was still a really close-call!”

“Hmm, did you almost lose it in front of your friend?”

“Oh yeah, like, when I rounded the corner of the shed I was already peeing full force. I literally couldn’t hold on at all.”

“God, you know just how to word things… And if you had peed in front of her?”

“I don’t know, I guess it would have been kind of embarrassing. I mean, she wouldn’t have been mean or anything, but she would have teased me and stuff.”

“Mmm, naturally.”

“Yep.”

“… So, uh, maybe I’m being a bit… fast, but, before you mentioned something about laughing?”

“Hmm? Oh, yeah. I’ve had quite a few little things happen to me. Those are hard to remember, though.”

“I’m in no hurry.”

She giggled. “Of course you aren’t!”

“Heh… so, I have a question that might jog your memory.”

“Yes?”

“Have you ever leaked from laughing?”

“What? You mean have I ever peed a little?”

“Yeah, you know… Just a little.”

“… Hmm, maybe.”

“Would you like to tell me about it…?”

“Maaaaaybe.”

“And what does that mean?”

“I want something from you first.”

“And what might that be?”

“Uhhh, I’m not sure yet.” Her voice was more playful than usual.

“Hmm, well, I don’t know. I can’t help you unless you tell me what you want…”

“Okay, okay! Just give me a minute…”

“Alright.”

There was a brief silence.

“Okay, I know what I want you to do.”

“Alright, I’m listening.”

“I want you to say: ‘Ally is the most beautiful girl in the world and I am her eternal slave.’”

“What?”

“Say it.”

“You want me to say…that?”

“Yes, but only if it’s true!”

“Ha, alright, I’ll bite: Ally is the most beautiful girl in the world and I am her eternal sex slave – Slave! I mean slave! Shit.”

“Ha ha ha!” Our conversation was temporarily put on hold for her to laugh hysterically.

“Alright, alright…” My cheeks burned.

“Wow, I guess we both know what’s on your mind!”

“Yeah, well, when you tell me stories like this you’ve got to expect it.”

“Ha, oh, wow, that was even better than I expected! But I better stop, don’t want to wet myself…”

“Ha ha,” I gave her a stale laugh. “Hilarious. At least I didn’t pee on my friend.”

“You wish.”

“Alright, alright, I see how it is. I did your bidding. Now uphold your side of the deal!”

She sniffed. “Ha, alright. Let me just wipe these tears of hilarity from my eyes…”

I sighed.

“Alright… Okay, so here is what happened…”

According to Alyssa, it happened during first period Drawing. She was mingling, cracking jokes, and listening to the ridiculous antics of her friends. However, there was one friend in specific whom stood out. He had an odd sense of wit and he seemed to crack the most peculiar jokes at the most unsuspecting of moments. He had been extra quiet that day, so the execution was even riper.

Another one of her friends – a female sitting directly across from her – had chosen the perfect time to take a drink of her water, and the moment the ridiculous friend cracked the joke, water was sprayed on the table. This had started a bit of an uproar, and Ally couldn’t help but bust out into hysterics.

Despite being only first period, she had needed to pee. The urge was not at all extreme; for if it had been, she would have simply excused herself to the restroom. However, it was enough so that when the unexpected pressure was exerted via the laugh, a bit of urine managed to force its way out.

She described it as a leak. More than a dribble, less than a stream, but enough to make her worry – even if only a little – that there would be visible damage. She was nude at the time, covered by nothing but her rich, multi-colored fur. There was no way enough urine had left her for it to be obviously visible on the fur (although, possibly identifiable by the observant eye); but what she worried about was the chair. When she stood, it was possible a bit would be left there, and she could do nothing but walk away, leaving it there, and possibly having someone discover she had leaked. She had the option of cleaning it up, but that would be too suspicious.

She rubbed her butt back and forth on the chair, making sure that any run-away urine was captured in her fur. Her hand – out of sheer compulsion – had leapt downward when she leaked, in order to prevent a flood; and, fortunately, no one had noticed. She checked for damaged and realized that yes, her fur was wet, but it wasn’t that bad. She didn’t know if any had made it to the chair, but she was confident that her butt had done a more than suffice job at drying up the hypothetical moisture.

When she was mostly sure that there was no clear evidence, she stood and glanced at chair, quickly pushing it in. It was dry. She asked for permission to use the restroom, and then promptly headed there to check the damage. The only spot that had really taken any damage was right between her legs, facing more toward her backside than her front. All in all, though, no one would be able to make the miniscule amount of urine. With the exception of a cold, clammy feeling whenever her thighs touched, it was like it had never even happened.

“… And that’s it!”

“Damn it, Ally! I don’t think you could be any hotter if you tried!”

“Heh, really?”

“Yeah, you are just… that was just… Ugh!”

“Well, if you keep spending time with me, it is bound to happen again. It isn’t exactly rare!”

“Ha, yeah, I can tell by these stories. When did that one happen, by the way?”

“Um, like, a few months ago, I think.”

“Awesome.”

*011*2012-06-07 02:06

{{:

I love the story . Think the pee should be a bit more detailed though, but that's just a aroused guy talking.

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it! Also, I took your advice and decided to add a little detail to the peeing parts.

I exhaled deeply and continued to gaze out the window. The sky was dark and the wind was beginning to pick up, but I was confident she would arrive before the rain. It had been nearly a week since she had told me her stories, and since then, nothing relating to my fetish had happened. We had spent a bit of time over the week touching each other and kissing, but – as enjoyable as that was – it wasn’t the same… I had wanted to mention it again, maybe press her for more stories, but I was deeply afraid I would push things too far.

And, while it may sound greedy, there was something else I wanted as well: for her to hold it for me. I knew that if I requested stories, I would find myself stuck in that buffer period described before, and I wouldn’t be able to make any more requests. The only issue with getting her to hold it was finding a time and place. The woods were too unconventional. I can tell that on formal request, she wouldn’t go for it. The first time had only been a fluke and a complete matter of coincidence.

To do it at one of our homes would most certainly lead to being caught, whether it was before, during, or after the act in question. It simply requires too much time and possible clean up to risk it with our parents home. However, the only flaw was our parents, and if we were to have a house to ourselves… Well, that would change things.

Now, Ally has brothers, so even if her parents weren’t home, it still wouldn’t be a safe bet. However, I am an only child, which means if my parents were to leave, there would be nothing stopping us. We could do anything we wanted without worry of being caught, assuming I was confident that my parents would not return prematurely.

As it so happens, my parents had informed me several days ago that they would be going to visit my grandparents; and, after a brief conversation regarding safety and not opening the door for anyone, I was able to convince them to let me stay. Needless to say, the following days were both bliss and agony, excitement and anticipation. But finally, it was Saturday, and they had already left. All I had to do was wait for Ally’s arrival. Of course, I also had to talk her into actually holding it…

A purple minivan pulled up in front of my house and the passenger door opened. It was Ally. I headed downstairs and opened the front door, expecting her to be there, ready to knock. I was surprised to find she was still standing by the minivan, most likely talking to her mother. It was an awkward few seconds, but soon, the door closed and she hurried toward me. I noticed the van lingered just a bit longer than necessary before it drove off.

“Hey,” I greeted her with a smile.

“Hey, Leo!”

“What was that about?” I closed the front door behind us.

“Oh, my mom was just giving me the same ol’ speech she always gives me. You know, don’t take candy from strangers, don’t have sex with random people… You know how it is.”

“Ha, yeah, I got that earlier. Oh, and judging by the bag in your hand, it was a yes?”

“Yep! It took a little convincing and some puppy dog eyes, but I managed to get her to let me stay the night. Though, she thinks your parents are here.”

“Puppy dog eyes?”

“Uh huh, you just have to pout a little, like this.” She looked at me and gave me an exaggerated frown.

“Oh yeah, I’m sure you nearly had her in tears.”

“Uh huh, I got her to say yes, didn’t I?”

“Yeah, but she still thinks my parents are here… If only she knew the dirty, forbidden truth.”

“Heh, yeah, she even asked why there were no cars in the driveway when we pulled up.”

“Oh shit! What’d you say?”

“I just told her they probably went out for a few minutes to pick something up.”

“And she believed it?”

“I’m not really sure! I guess she did, since I’m here!”

“Hmm, yeah, I suppose that makes sense... Anyway, at least she didn’t offer to wait for them to get back or something.”

“Ohhhh, that would’ve sucked.”

“Uh huh, we would’ve been busted…”

“… Oh, by the way, she wants me to give her a call around nine. Just to make sure I’m ‘alright.’”

“Ha, right, sounds good.”

“Just don’t let me forget, because if I don’t call, she’ll call. And the last thing I want is to give her a reason to talk to your parents.”

“Alright, I’ll try and remember.”

We both sat down on the loveseat in the living room. I put my arm over her shoulders and kissed her on the cheek.

“You smell really nice. Like… I want to say some expensive perfume.”

“Heh, thanks, I can see you noticed.”

“Mmhm, hard not to notice when you smell like that – and by that, I mean so good.”

“Well, isn’t someone awfully flirty today?”

“… Aren’t I always?”

“Only when you want something…” She giggled.

Her words sent sabers threw my heart. Only when I want something? What was that supposed to mean?

“Something the matter?”

“…Is that true?”

“Is what?”

“Am I only flirty when I want something?”

“Oh, no, I didn’t mean it like that! I just meant that like, when we’re getting close and stuff you get a lot more… um, I guess flirty is the right word. It’s hard to explain; but trust me, I didn’t mean it like that.”

“Oh, I see.”

“It’s like, when we’re kissing and stuff. You get a lot more sensitive and nice and stuff. It’s not like you aren’t normally like that, I just mean you get really… really nice when we’re messing around. I mean, everyone does. I’m just having trouble finding the words…”

“…Ohhhhh, I think I see what you mean now… Yeah, no, I understand.”

“So you get it? I wasn’t trying to insult you or anything.”

“No, no, I understand. That was my mistake; it’s just that I actually did kind of want something… and I didn’t really want you to think I was only being nice to you because of it.”

“Of course not, Leo! You’re just a really sweet guy all around; I just wanted to say you get even more… I don’t know, sensual when we kiss and stuff…”

“Ohhhhhh, alright. Yeah, that’s what I figured you meant… Well, after you specified earlier.”

“Yeah, I didn’t want to insult you! …But, uh, if you don’t mind me asking, what did you want?”

“Oh… I was going to ask you if we could maybe do that thing… That thing you did in the woods that day?”

“You mean wet myself?”

“Well, uh, you know, hold it for awhile, and if it leads to that… I guess I wouldn’t complain. I was hoping to ease into it a little more, but you know… Heh, misunderstanding…”

“Hmm, alright. I suppose we could do that...”

“You’re okay with it?”

“Uh huh, it’s a little uncomfortable… But, you know, you’re worth it.” She went forward and gave me a quick peck on the lips.

“You’re the best.”

We spent the next hour kissing and holding each other, somehow getting off to the fact we weren’t in my room with the door locked. Something about being on the loveseat felt oddly taboo. And while I don’t know if she felt the same way, thinking about what was going to happen later in the night also felt taboo, in its own arousing little way.

I didn’t try and coax her into drinking anything, although I considered it. I figured we may as well take the event casually and enjoyably. We had all night for her to get desperate, and quite frankly, a few more hours of squirming didn’t bother me. I felt bad she had to be desperate all that time, but it wasn’t as if it was pure suffering or anything like that! There was nothing for her to lose; in fact, she was going to wet herself either way, so it made sense for her to just relax and take it in stride.

By the end of our elongated make-out session I finally asked that inevitable question:

“So, do you have to pee at all yet?”

“A little. It isn’t bad, though, since I went before I got here.”

“Oh, I see.”

“Yeah, I didn’t drink much, either! …Though, I could maybe drink a little water if you want?”

“Yeah, sure. I’ll go grab something for us both to drink.”

After getting the drinks, I put in a DVD and we both sat down, holding each other, occasionally purring as we kissed and fondled. There wasn’t much in the glasses – since, as I stated before, I didn’t want to fill her up too quickly and spoil the fun – but it was apparently enough; because about half an hour into the movie, she whispered in my ear that it was getting worse.

“I would probably be pausing the movie and going around now. Well, I wouldn’t, but a normal person would.”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, you know I tend to hold it longer than I should sometimes… I’m pretty bad with movies.” She laughed.

“Heh, sounds like you’re speaking from experience.” My heart was beginning to pump.

“Maybe…”

“So I’m guessing, what, you’ve had to go really bad during a movie before and you held out too long?”

“… Yeah, maybe…”

“Hmm, would you like to tell me about it?”

“…Heh, maybe after the movie.” I could tell by the smooth, sensual way she was talking to me, and by the slight giggle she gave at the end of the statement that she was teasing me. Whether or not she got off to the desperation I could not yet judge; however, it was plainly obvious she had a thing for a teasing. Which, to a person like myself, was not at all a curse!

I quickly got us both more to drink and returned to watching the movie. By the half way point, I asked how she was feeling; and, while she was rather caught up in the picture, I did get a reply: she told me it had gotten worse. She said that it wasn’t too bad, but it was getting distracting, and even somewhat persistent. I noticed her thighs were pressed together, although I couldn’t tell if this was just done for comfort, or otherwise.

However, I soon noticed her feet beginning to compulsively tap. Not loud, but just enough so I could see the desperation beginning to slowly build. I didn’t say anything, though, in a way preferring the ability to nakedly observe her behavior. Behavior I wasn’t even sure she realized. However, after another half hour had come and gone, there was no denying it. She gave a heavy sigh and crossed her legs, looking oddly formal and stiff in the position.

“Okay, I’ve gotta go now.” She said it low, almost so low that I wasn’t sure that I was intended to hear.

“Gettin’ worse?”

“Yeah,” her voice no longer teased. “That water you gave me really sped this up.”

I almost laughed at her response. I could careless that I had, in some ways, botched my own plan; I would have had to be pretty particular to care about something so miniscule. After all, I had this beautiful, wonderful thing sitting next to me, legs crossed, bladder full; and the icing on the cake, it was all voluntary! There was no need for guilt or regrets, since I didn’t cause these events through any sort of foul-play! She simply did it because she loved me… Or so, I wondered.

Another half hour went by, and at this point, the movie was coming to an end. There was only another ten minutes to go; but I was more fascinated by her and how many more minutes she had to go. Her legs had taken on a consistent habit of bouncing, and her hands restlessly rubbed the creamy fur of her thighs, almost as if that would relieve some of the growing tension in her bladder.

“Shit…” She moaned to herself.”

“Is it bad?”

“It’s getting’ there…”

“Would you have gone if you were alone?”

“No, probably not. I would probably hold it until the end.”

And that she did. When the movie was finally over, she gave a relieved sigh and stood up. At first, I was a little worried she was going to run to the toilet, but instead she stood there with her legs snapped shut, bouncing up and down. Her breasts imitated the rest of her body and lightly shook, creating another arousing focal point.

“Christ, that was long!”

“Yeah, two hours. What, didn’t you like it?”

“No, I mean, it was great, but it was just really long.” I watched her grind her thighs together, her bladder obviously pulsating with fullness. Her hands were at her sides, tightly gripping her fur; I could tell they wanted nothing more than to slide their way between her legs and help her control the coming waterfall.

“You’re just saying that because you’ve gotta pee so bad. Really, it wasn’t that long. I mean, it was no Titanic.”

“Ugh, who cares? Any movie is long when you’ve got to pee the entire time.”

“Heh, truer words have never been spoken.”

“And can you explain the ending? I didn’t really get it.”

I sighed. “… Okay, um, well, it was sorta like they left it up for interpretation. In a way, it’s like some never ending chain of Bruce Willis killing himself because of himself… or something.”

“Okay, okay, forget I asked. It was good, and that’s all that matters.”

“Ha, yeah, it’s probably easier that way. Here, I’ll be right back, I’m gonna grab you some water.”

“Oh, wow, always looking out for me, eh?” Her thighs were still sliding back and forth as she did her dance.

“Always.”

I refilled her glass and returned to the living room. Nothing had changed in her mannerisms, but her stance was altered. Her hand now rested on her slightly protruding stomach, gently caressing her swollen bladder. I could tell her fingers wanted to slide between her legs and press down, but she fought the urge, most likely because I was there, watching her squirm.

She quickly downed the water, knowing that delaying was doing her no good. Once again, I almost laughed at how spectacularly my plan had failed, but it didn’t matter. The plan was nothing more than mental masturbation in the end anyway. It was the results that mattered, and knowing Ally, the results would be golden.

“So, how are you doing?”

“Well, I really have to pee. Other than that, great.”

“… Heh, I could tell. If I didn’t know better, I would say it is actually getting pretty bad...”

“… Now whatever would lead you to believe that?”

”I dunno… Just a hunch…”

“Ugh!” She moaned. “I’ve gotta pee, so, much!” Finally, her hand, with no shame, went forward and pressed down on her most intimate of spots. She arched her knees as she bent slightly forward, her butt sticking out behind her.

“Oh? So it’s really bad, then?”

“Like, you wouldn’t, believe.” She sighed heavily. “Christ!”

“Seems like this all came on pretty quickly.”

“Quickly? It’s been over three hours and I’ve had like, three glasses of water – not counting what I drank before I even got here!”

“Eh, more like two glasses, since you just had the third…”

“Isn’t that enough?”

“Heh, I suppose. You probably just have a small bladder or something.”

“You’d like that wouldn’t you?”

“Heh, maybe a little…”

“Ugh, a small bladder… That would explain a lot…”

The next ten seconds were spent in silence. I watched her dance around, clutching her groin, each second the pressure of her bladder coming closer and closer to overwhelming her.

“Hmm… how would like to try something?”

“Does this ‘something’ involve me going to the bathroom…?”

“Heh, not quite.”

“Somehow I didn’t think so.”

“So… you want to give it a try?”

“That depends on what it is, Leo.”

“Okay, well, it’s just sort of a little challenge.”

“A Challenge?”

“Yeah, but I promise it isn’t too hard!”

“… Well, I don’t know what you could possibly want me to do. And, for that matter, I don’t know what I could do like this.”

“It’s easy! All you have to do are ten squats!”

“… Squats?”

“Yes.”

“… Leo, you’re aware that… if I do ten squats, I’m going to pee.”

“Well, the challenge is that you hold it.”

“No, I gathered that, I promise… What I mean is that I will lose control. I don’t know how it is for guys, but when a girl has to pee and she squats, it usually doesn’t end well.”

“… Speaking from experience?”

“Heh, not this time, Leo… I normally have the common sense not to squat when I have to pee.”

“Well! There is only one way to find out what will happen then!”

“I already know what will happen. I will stain this carpet and your parents will ask you: “son, why is there a pee stain on our carpet.” And you know what? You won’t know what to say to them, Leo, all because you wanted me to do some squats.”

“Ha, okay, okay, message received. Ten squats equals too much; but, how about five? That can’t possibly be too much… Not if you really try!”

“Five…” she sighed heavily. “Fuck, I don’t know how you talk me into this shit, Leo. I really have no clue.”

“So you’ll do it?”

“Yes, but I can’t guarantee you it’s gonna end very well… I already gave you the hypothetical with the stain and the carpet.”

“Heh, I think I’ll take my chances… As long as you promise not to let go on purpose!”

“’On purpose’ isn’t what you should be worried about right now, Leo.” She straightened up, but she didn’t remove her hand from her crotch. She looked at me, a bit uneasy, but I saw her legs spread slightly.

“Oh, wait, you can’t use your hands! That makes it unfair!”

“Unfair? Leo, you may as well just ask me to squat down right here and pee! You’re being ridiculous!”

“Come on! It can’t be that bad!”

“You’re not the one who has to pee! … Ugh, I guess I can try it...”

“That’s all I can ask for, isn’t it? For you to try.”

“Yeah, yeah…” I could see her swallow as she pulled her hand away from her groin. Her legs immediately went into overtime, sliding back and forth. I watched her body go up and down. I was beginning to worry I had underestimated her desperation. Maybe she was worse than I thought. From the looks of things, she could barely stand there with both hands free, let alone do squats.

But it was too late to turn back. “Alright, here I go…” She delayed a few seconds and gave a low, concerned moan. Suddenly, she dropped, her butt nearly touching the floor. Her legs were spread, revealing her intimate area to me – though, as always, it was masked by her fur. The entire event did not last long. I saw her face go from blank curiosity to off-color awe in an instant. I saw a stream of urine, almost so thin and quick that it evaded my sight, fall to the carpet. Immediately, she forced herself back to her feet and stemmed the stream.

Both of her hands were clutching her groin as she kneeled, her gorgeous butt once again sticking out. The palms of her hands were taking up in so much space, she couldn’t close her legs all the way; so they were a few inches apart, shaking and struggling, wanting to once again meet to reinforce each other.

“Wow, you weren’t kidding when you said you’d pee.”

“You think? Christ, Leo… I told you I would go!”

“What happened? It looked like you only went for a second. I’m surprised you managed to stop the stream… At least needing to go as badly as you do.”

“Yeah, well, welcome to the club. I’m surprised too. Normally when a girl starts going like that, it’s all out. This was a little different, though. It was like squatting just forced out a little squirt and that was it. Luckily for you and your carpet, I managed to stop it; but honestly, the urge is worse now, and it was pretty bad before!”

“Think you could make it to my room?”

“Up the stairs? Yeah, not gonna happen… Unless you want a small waterfall going down your steps.”

“Okay, uh, we could use the other bathroom... It has tile too.”

“Yeah, okay.”

“Oh, and… Uh, Ally?” I could feel my face beginning to cringe as I said the words.

“Yeah?” She hadn’t moved. She was still clutching her groin, afraid to move her hand.

“I think we kinda forgot something.”

“What…?”

“It’s 9:04.”

“… Oh Christ! I need to call my mom!”

“… Do you think you can call her like that?”

“Fuck, I don’t have a choice… It shouldn’t take too long. I should be able to hold on long enough.” I watched her remove one of her hands. Her thighs were immediately pushed back together. “Ugh, my fur is wet.” She wiped her hand on her leg. “I’m so gonna need a shower after this.”

“Ha, yeah, I would think so… Here, let me get the phone for you…”

I walked off and grabbed the phone. I stood for a minute and caught my breath. I couldn’t believe what was happening. It was almost too fast for me to even grasp it.

“I can see you enjoyed my little… leak.” She said, looking down at my erect member when I returned.

“I’m enjoying all of this, Ally.”

“Ugh, you better be. I can’t describe to you how badly I have to pee right now.”

“Heh, I wish you would.” It really wasn’t necessary, though. After all, it was apparent enough by the cute way she danced when I reentered the living room. It was obvious by the way her free-hand grabbed desperately at her groin, trying – now with motive – to hold out just a little longer.

“Har har, very funny. Now give me the phone before I try and squat on your face.”

“Hmm, feisty!”

She dialed the number and started to pace around the living room. Her mom answered and they exchanged the usual greetings. I watched her as she went back and forth, going up and down, occasionally rubbing her legs together. A few times she even pressed both legs together and kneeled, as if some great wave threatened to overflow.

The conversation carried on and she meandered into the kitchen. Steadily, as her mother refused to stop talking, her desperation got worse. At first, I was confident she would make it through the call; but as the length continued to surprise me and her bladder seemed to grow weaker at an alarming pace – as a result of her earlier leak, no doubt – I had begun to wonder if she would have an accident before the call ended!

She had taken on a new habit of stopping, crossing her legs, and standing in a half leaning position, hand pressed down on her thigh. She would only assume this stance for a few seconds, but it was enough for me to grasp the gravity of her desperation.

“Uh huh… He did that… Really now?” Several times she looked at me with longing. One time she even mouthed “oh my God.” It was only a few minutes, but I could tell the call was quickly taking more time than Ally had to spare. Her hand now pressed down on her groin with dire intensity and her dancing could only be described as a sort of rabid vivacity. On the phone or not, an accident was near. I had even begun to wonder if she dropped the phone and immediately made a dash for the toilet if she would make it…

I could feel my erection pulsating with arousal. I had a strong urge to touch myself, and, while I admit this rather shamefully, there were a few moments I may have grazed it when she looked away. Just watching her, each movement of the hand or the leg, each strained expression of the face: it was all too much. I could feel an end coming on to our games; it was a bittersweet sensation, but one that could not possibly be ignored. It was a sensation I had to experience.

“Yeah… Uh huh, sure… No, nothing’s wrong!” Her mother was apparently talkative, because the phone call had been going on for almost ten minutes. Finally, she stopped pacing and I saw her eyes close. She bit down on her lip and her face seemed to scrunch up. All except the shaking in her legs had faded, and she remained perfectly still.

“Oh!” Her eyes popped open and she stared at me, both terrified and curious. Her entire body flinched with the little outburst. “Um… I-I just stubbed my toe!” She said over the phone. Her voice was strained and she quickly wiped tears out of her eyes. She didn’t resume pacing, but rather she shifted on the spot. As her legs spread – even though it was only for a faintest of seconds – I heard a splattering noise, and sure enough, upon looking down I saw a small puddle of urine on the linoleum floor. I could see a few small streams going down her legs, but it didn’t seem as if anymore had come of it. It was just another leak.

Or so I thought. Only seconds later I heard a loud hissing noise fill the kitchen; it was so loud I was a little worried her mom would hear it over the phone! She was staring at me the entire time, still talking to her mom, trying not to let the massive pleasure sweeping over her carry to her voice and give away her actions. The strain was explainable at least, but a relieving sigh or sensual moan would be a bit suspicious.

There were small rivulets of urine flowing down her legs, rapidly causing the puddle on the floor to grow. I could see the shock in her eyes through the tears of divine release and unpreventable embarrassment. However, it was her stance which was quite possibly the most erotic thing of the event. Her legs were positioned in way that made them almost completely symmetrical to each other and her hand was slipped gingerly between them; she was standing mostly straight, but slightly bent at the knees; and at the knees was where her legs split, causing her feet to point diagonally, more toward me than anything else. The way she stared at me, too, was also a cause of great arousal. Her look was so desperate and innocent. I had a strange inclination to walk over and hug her, yet, I knew it wasn’t a good time.

She looked down and examined the damage, while simultaneously growing the puddle on the floor and spreading the wetness on her fur. She removed her hand and shook it, trying to get off the urine. She wiped it on her thigh and then spread her legs. The urine splattered on the ground like before, so she quickly closed her legs again. It wouldn’t have been an issue if her mother hadn’t been still talking to her.

“Uh huh… Yeah, I know what you mean…” She did amazingly well at keeping up the conversation. I quickly became aware of how much two glasses of water was, because the puddle was growing so big so fast I had to rush over to a cupboard and grab a towel to mop it up; at least before it made its way under the refrigerator. She glanced back at me and I saw her mouth: “oh shit.” Obviously surprised at how much she had peed.

She didn’t turn around, though. I was behind her, mopping up the accident, and I looked over at her tender, plump behind. I could see urine glimmering in the light as it ran down the back of her legs. I could even see it dripping off of her fur at various places, adding to the puddle I was cleaning.

Judging from the hissing that was being exhumed from her groin, I could tell it was slowing down. It started off strong, but steadily it was growing quieter and quieter. Soon, it couldn’t be heard at all, and I assumed she was done; but there were a few loud spurts that she pushed out that hadn’t left her during the initial accident. The pressure behind her pushing made them incredibly loud, and once again I was concerned her mother might overhear something.

Finally, though, the accident came to an end. I could tell she was about to wrap up the phone call too, and with perfect timing. She lifted one leg up to step out of the puddle and I could see the fur guarding her feminine place heavy and wet. I figured from the right angle I may have been able to actually get a look at it, but that angle was impossible to me at the time. Then, in one instant of incomprehensible and unexplainable eroticism, a single drop of urine fell from an askew piece of fur directly below her womanhood. It landed in and became one with the puddle below her.

“Okay mom. Bye. I love you too. Yeah, it’ll be fine. Uh huh, I will. Okay. Good night. Love you, too.” And she hung up the phone. “Oh my God…”

“Long call?”

“She just wouldn’t shut up… Christ!” She lifted her leg and started examining the damage. “Yeah, so, two cups of water was more than you thought, huh?”

“There is a hell of a lot more than two cups of water here, Ally.”

“I don’t know, I didn’t drink much before I came.”

“You could’ve fooled me…”

“… So, how was it? Did you enjoy it?”

“Oh God… I can’t even find the words.”

“So… You did?”

“Like you wouldn’t believe.”

“I’m glad,” she smiled and sniffed.

“… How come you cried?”

“I don’t know. It’s really intense to like, wet yourself like that. There was just so much going on.”

“You’re alright, right?”

“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine… Though, I’m a little wet…”

“Well, yeah, that’s to be expected.”

She giggled. “Yeah.”

Before she could freely walk around the house, I had to hand her a towel to dry off her legs. After she did that, she grabbed her bag -- of what I then discovered to be clothing – and went upstairs to take a shower. As she used my bathroom to shower, I couldn’t help but use the downstairs bathroom for my own deviant purposes.

I left the door open behind me, finding the small chance I could be caught erotic. I stood in front of the toilet, unable to control myself any longer. I felt ready to explode. I had watched her have a massive accident, one that was not only involuntary, but actually at the worst possible time. It had been beyond perfect. The way she looked at me, the way she stood, the volume of the hissing, the growing of the puddle…

I didn’t last long.

*015*2012-07-17 22:28

I could still here the water running when I entered my room. I lay down on my bed with my eyes open. It had been such a perfect evening! Or that is what I told myself. Somehow, there seemed something missing… As in, there was something more that needed to be done. I was exhausted from the intense excitement and ejaculation I had experienced, yet there was a part of me that begged for more. A part of me that was never satisfied.

Eventually, the water turned off. She dried and made her way out of the bathroom. I looked at her, fur still damp – although any traces of the accident obliterated. She wasn’t nude, like I had expected. Rather, she had dawned panties and a bra, both matching. They were thin, mostly white cotton, but decorated with what appeared to be faded attempts at leopard spots.

“Wow…”

“Yep. I hid them in my pajamas so my mom wouldn’t notice.”

“You look… hot.”

“Hmm, I hope so. It was risky bringing them, but worth it.”

“No, I mean, you look… ridiculously hot right now…”

“Heh, so you’re liking them?”

“I like everything about you, Ally. Including your taste in underwear.”

“Well, I picked these out especially for you.”

“You picked… really well.”

I was blown away. She was just so attractive. Despite my prior exhaustion as well as my explosive orgasm, I felt myself growing hard again. She looked absolutely immaculate in those panties, even hotter than when she had worn the black ones. They were very thin, and somewhat transparent. You could make out her fur beneath the underwear, and something about that drove me wild.

She crawled into bed and curled up next to me. Much like the last time she had worn panties for my pleasure, her head was lying against my chest and her eyes were aimed directly at my hard on. I felt my face grow warm, as it always did.

“Honestly, I figured you’d deal with that while I was in the shower…”

“Heh, well, I kind of did… I just didn’t count on you being… this hot.”

“Oh… I see…” There were a few seconds of silence. “Do you want to deal with it?”

“… What do you mean?”

“You know… Do you want to masturbate?”

“I, uh… I’m not sure how to answer… I suppose that… Yes, I do.”

“Would you mind if I… maybe watched you do it?”

“… You want to watch me?”

“Yeah, well, I mean, I wet myself for you… It’s only fair! I should get something in return…”

“… Yeah, that would be… Yeah, that’s more than fine!”

“Alright, go ahead.”

Sitting there, extremely aroused and about to touch myself while she watched… It was a tense few seconds. I hadn’t considered how difficult it would be to do something like that in front of her. It was always so private, so… uncollected and impromptu.

“What if I do something stupid? What if I take too long? What if I make a dumb noise?”

I swallowed hard and wrapped my hand around my penis. I slid up and down, starting off slow, looking at her body as I did it. I could see her swallow. It wasn’t easy for her either, but I could tell she was enjoying it. I reached out and touched her on hip, gently, making sure not to startle her. She looked back at me, curious, but softly.

“Is it okay… If I touch you a little?”

She looked at me for a second, as if trying to decide on a response. Then, she swallowed and sat up. She sat on her knees, turning around to face me, leaving her in a familiar and tantalizing position. Without a word – but another nervous swallow – she reached back and started to unclip her bra. I could see a deep, penetrating redness come over her cheeks. Her eyes stared at me, almost caressingly. Something about her demeanor, her expression, the way she readied her breasts… The bra unclipped and she slowly started to slide it off. Just before she got it off completely, she paused, like she was nervous.

Finally, the bra slid downward and her breasts lay exposed on her chest. It seemed odd that before I had never registered just how nice they were. They weren’t the biggest in the world, but they were decent, and as I’ve said before, they had a tendency to jiggle at the slightest provocation.

I didn’t have a chance to embarrass myself; she did it for me. She grabbed my hand and led it up to her chest. She placed my half-open palm on her breast and let go. I gave it a gentle squeeze, and like clockwork, she closed her eyes and swallowed again. I searched around, letting my hands caress every inch of the soft mounds. I rubbed her nipple and saw her eyes open. I waited, I wanted to make sure it was alright to continue, but she didn’t say anything.

I allowed my hand to touch the nipple again. She didn’t react. I started to rub it, gently, causing it to harden and stick out, just barely past her fur. I had never seen or felt her nipples before, but it seemed she was finally okay with it. Suddenly, I saw her hand lift from her thigh and move its way to my stomach. She placed her index finger on my ribs and started to softly drag it around. Her position seemed a bit awkward at first, but I quickly adjusted.

Soon, she slid her palm up to my chest and started to rub my nipples as well.

“Ally, what’s gotten into you?”

She looked over at me and stared for a second. Her response lingered in my head for some time.

“You.” She whispered, looking me in the eyes.

I stared at her, red in the face and heart beating. I couldn’t find the words to express the way I felt at that moment, so I let my hand slide down from her breasts. I petted her stomach, grabbing on to the small little roll of flesh around her belly button.

“Stop it… It makes me feel fat when you touch me like that.”

I chuckled. “Oh, stop it, Ally. You look beautiful…” I let my hand slide down lower. I fiddled with the hem of her panties and stroked the soft material. I didn’t stop for long, though. I had a destination. I moved down her side, passing over the panties and stopping on her thigh. I ran my nails through her fur, lightly tickling the sensitive area. A bolt of pleasure ran through her body, causing her to recoil with pleasure. She looked at me and cracked an embarrassed smile.

I worked my way down the side of her thigh, approaching her privates from a new direction. I could feel the muscles in her legs twitching and the heat radiating off of her genitals. She was no longer rubbing my nipples, but was leaning against me, not moving. I looked up at her face and found her eyes once again shut. Her mouth was closed and she had a slight frown, but there was no sadness on her face. There was only contentment and anticipation. Her look was philosophical. It was more considering and reflective than anything else. Her face told me she felt each stroke of my hand in some lethargic, emotional way; it told me she could feel with extreme gravity even the subtlest of movement from my nimble fingers.

Then I felt it. Cotton. I went forward and placed my hand on the flat, cloth surface. I could feel the warmth of her womanhood below my hand. I could feel something soft and inviting, hidden within the woven shield. I stroked the area delicately, testing her tolerance and resilience. Finally, I got a response: it was only a moment, an involuntary moan; it escaped without warning from her lips, and she quickly stifled it, embarrassed and red.

Her eyes opened as I continued to stimulate her lower parts. I carefully skimmed the panties with my fingers and found an extra soft spot. It felt almost swollen, and the more a messed with it the more she responded. Her eyes closed again and every few seconds I managed to squeeze another moan from her. They started off quiet and slow, but there were a few that were loud and come out of nowhere, like a sudden wave of pleasure had hit her, and faded before she could grasp it.

As I went on, her moans started to slow down, and I felt the fabric starting to grow moist. My first instinct said it was urine, but logic took over and realized it was just her female juices. I wondered if she had had an orgasm, but I quickly realized that was not the case. She was growing used to my hand being there… She needed more.

But… Could I? How would she react? What if I messed things up…? I thought about asking her, checking to see if it was okay to go forward, but it didn’t feel right. If I was going to take things farther, I wanted it to be spontaneous and romantic. I wanted it to be something memorable and masculine. I swallowed. I knew I had nothing to gain by stopping, and little lose by progressing; the choice was obvious.

Her eyes shot open and she gasped. Seamlessly, my hands moved the fabric of the panties to the side and touched her privates, flesh to flesh. Peculiarly, the gasp came several seconds after I had touched her. It was like she had been caught up in a fantasy world. As if she had forgotten we were even in bed together. And touching her there, it had brought her back to life.

I felt my heart beating. I kept fiddling with her privates, gently touching the flesh, rubbing it with my palm. She continued to stare at me, but her expression softened a bit more each second. Finally, her eyes were glimmering with tears and her expression seemed almost depressed.

“Are you okay?”

She sniffed. “… I love you, Leo.”

I looked at her, my eyes wide and mouth ajar. “I love you, too.”

“Do you really, Leo?”

“…More than anything in the world… Alyssa.”

She looked at me for several more seconds. It was like she was examining my face to make sure I wasn’t lying. My hand had stopped. I had pulled it out and let the panties slide back over her moist privates. I had intended to continue, to maybe even go further, but she stopped me. She wiped her eyes, went forward, and started kissing me. I wrapped my arms around her and tried to hold on, but after only a few moments, she broke the kiss and slid out of my grip.

At first I was worried: had I flown too close to the sun? No. She had slid down to my hips. She was sitting on her knees between my legs, looking at me, her expression no longer sad, but almost intimidatingly sexual. I watched her go down and kiss me on the stomach – No, below the stomach. She kept kissing me, but went lower and lower. I could feel her breasts pushing into my erection; and, much like she had when I had tickled her thigh, I recoiled in pleasure.

I felt her moist lips press against the base of my member. They went up, deliberately and agonizingly slow. Each time they touched, my body tensed and I had to hold back a growing to desire to cry out in pleasure. She stopped and lifted her head. She looked down at my aching erection. I was no longer embarrassed by her looking at it. I felt too comfortable, too excited. I wanted her to look at it; I wanted her to touch it… I needed her to.

She brought her hand up and used it to lightly grip my shaft. The feeling was indescribable and new. It felt divine and stimulating, like bolts of electricity shooting up my body; yet, even that failed to do it justice. I didn’t think anything could be better. I didn’t think anything could ever feel better than that. But she proved me wrong.

“You smell really nice, Leo…” Her lips spread and wrapped around the head of my cock before I could think of a response. She licked me. I felt her wet tongue slid across the head, licking up any precum which had forced its way out.

“Ughhhgh…” I couldn’t contain it. The moan just forced its way out. I hadn’t even known it was coming.

“Oh, I can see you enjoyed that…” She teased. She went down again, this time going slightly deeper, not stopping at one lick, but doing it in succession.

“Ahhh…” I couldn’t control myself any longer. The moans were forcing their way out. I was almost in tears the sensation was so powerful. I had to remind myself that what I was feeling was good and not bad. It seemed mind boggling that pleasure could be experienced with such poignant intensity.

She removed her hand and went deeper. She was about halfway down, her saliva beginning to slip between her lips and slide down my cock. It was warm and wet, and at times I wondered if I had ejaculated and not even realized it… But I knew I hadn’t. I could feel it coming. It was too close for comfort. She had only been mouthing me for maybe a minute, and I was already about to shoot off. I did everything I could to control it, but the stimulation was so acute… My member was so tired and desperate.

Her head went up and down on my shaft, causing moans to randomly force their way out. The pleasure was too much. I could hardly register the amazing sensation, the completely natural and healthy high. I could feel myself getting close to ejaculation, but I didn’t know what to do. I tried to hold it back, but it didn’t feel like I had any control any longer. I felt every critical system in my body leave my control and enter hers. I felt like she held my entire being in her hand.

I didn’t know if I was supposed to warn her. It was all happening too fast. I thought about doing it, but before I had even begun searching for the words, I felt it. I was thinking too slowly and getting turned on too quickly. It was too late.

“Ughhhhhhhhh!” I let a long, sustained moan, maybe a yell. The pleasure grew even more divine. It became beyond words. It was like all I was feeling was concentrated into one point. Like it had all rushed to my groin and shot out. It was a bolt of lightning through my body and a fire in my heart.

But the pleasure did not come and go like lightening. Rather, it stayed and burned away at me. I couldn’t breathe. I didn’t want to breathe. I felt liquid shooting out of me, into her warm, wet mouth. Had she wanted that? I couldn’t even worry. My mind was in too much disarray to worry.

I felt hot sperm running down my cock and getting in my fur. She tried to keep it all in her mouth, but I kept going and going… It was overflowing. Her lips couldn’t hold it all back. The warm substance was dripping down on to my testicles and sliding on to my bed sheets.

Finally, my orgasm came to an end. I recoiled as she kept licking me, my penis now too sensitive to even touch. She pulled off and struggled to swallow the little bit of cum left in her mouth. She was successful at it. She looked at me and sighed.

I was breathing embarrassingly heavy. For a good deal of time I had entirely stopped taking in air; not to mention, the pleasure alone was breathtaking. My crotch felt wet and was beginning to get a bit cold. The cum had lubricated my entire groin, always down to my sheets.

“Sorry about the mess…” She mumbled to me. “I wasn’t able to get it all.”

“It’s... It’s fine…” I struggled between breaths. “You did… fantastic…”

{{:

Could you do something with Leo needing a pee and Ally enjoying it?

}}

I might be able to. It most likely won't be canonical, but I would be willing to do a side story. I haven't completely decided if I want Ally to have the fetish, and I'm leaning against that. If she enjoys it for more pg-13 reasons, I could work it in; otherwise, it would mostly likely have to be a side story.

*018*2012-07-18 07:09

{{:

It's a shAme your keeping it pg13. It would be hot if u took it rated r, and got very detailed in the wettings and ect.

}}

Ha ha, trust me, the main story is not PG-13. There usually isn't dick grabbing PG-13.

What I mean by the PG-13 comment was that Ally might enjoy his wetting and desperation for non-fetish reasons. Possible humor or entertainment.

*021*2012-07-21 09:12

I'm glad you're enjoying it so thoroughly! I was beginning to lose hope there was anyone who would truly feel what I intended with this story. I remember searching fruitlessly for a story like this -- a fetish story featuring anthro's --; and after being rather disappointed in the results, I decided to write one!

Also, I seldom write with just the sex aspect in mind, and that is specifically because "Generally omorashi stories are for sex, not for the pleasure of reading a story and enjoying the characters" seems to be a pretty consistent thing. If someone wants to read another bland, cookie-cutter story with poorly set-up events, and characters that make Japanese anime look realistic; then there is PLENTY to look through. If someone wants quicker paced story with a more realistic set-up, they may have to look, but there is still quite a selection... However, finding these long, multi-chapter stories is difficult.

Maybe it is just me, but I've found it difficult to to truly get attracted to people and characters whom I don't know or understand. Stories like this allow me to display events that aren't just: drink lots of water, put on notably slutty clothing, forget to go to the toilet, do unspecified things, put off going to the toilet, more boring things with some fidgeting, can't go to the bathroom, cliche signs of desperation that may as well be copy and pasted from 1000's of stories before, pee everywhere. I can actually make the characters enjoyable and in some ways addicting (or at least I can try!).

It is a shame more people don't feel this way! I really do like writing longer stories, there just isn't much of a fan base for them.

*024*2012-07-22 04:10

I'm flattered you're both enjoying it so much! I'm surprised you guys are truly getting enjoyment out of this that is beyond the fetish!

I will do my best to have another chapter up soon.
