Fanfic - Fred from the TV series "Angel"

Author: Mick116

*000*2013-08-19 01:18

Winifred’s Ordeal

Chapter 1

Winifred Burkle’s petite form lay trembling beneath the covers. She had never been so sick in her entire 23-year life. Her beautiful brown eyes were closed to the light; normally such light did not bother her at all – growing up, she had on more than a few occasions left her bedroom lights on all night, after having fallen asleep in the middle of a particularly good book. This light, however, made her head throb with pain; her tight little T-shirt clung to her bosom, drenched in sweat, and her cute, pink, rather girlish panties covered a mound of soft, brown pubic hair. She could not remember removing her jeans.

She had tried her mind and tested her patience at finding a cure, but this thing was mystical, and not prone to 21st-century scientific investigation. Her energy now spent, she had been slipping in and out of consciousness. She was vaguely aware of a presence in the room, and for a moment she was afraid. It took her a little while to realise it was Wesley; her wonderful Wesley… her “book-man”… the thought brought a momentary relief to the nearly constant pain.

She was aware of something else, too: a dull ache in her nether-regions, the uncomfortable, rhythmic pulsating of a full bladder. She tried to get out of bed to visit the bathroom, but her strength failed her, and she drifted once again into a fitful sleep.

They say that your life will flash before your eyes in the moments before your own death. Perhaps this is true, because Fred’s dreams brought her back to some of her childhood experiences. The pain in her bladder was obviously influential in the direction her subconscious mind began to wander.

Fred found herself back in the second grade. As a small girl, and something of a nerd, she was often picked on by the larger children. She had waited diligently for the end of class, so that she could relieve her aching, 7-year-old bladder. Fiona Cartwright obviously had another idea.

“These toilets are off-limits”, Fiona had said, “unless you pay the toll”.

Fred didn’t have time for this, and besides, she was penniless. Hers was a modest family, without the high income of the other families represented at the school. Her parents had always taught her to work hard, and to not waste money on expensive lunches.

Fred tried to skirt around Fiona’s larger form, but Fiona was surprisingly nimble for her size, and kept blocking her path; and Fred was not an athletic student. Fiona reached for her again, painfully clasping Fred’s long, brown hair, and flicking Fred’s glasses onto the concrete floor. Tears welled up in Fred’s eyes, but she forced herself not to cry.

On a final attempt at evading Fiona’s grasp, Fred stumbled and fell, her bottom hitting the floor rather abruptly. She gasped as the pent-up pee exploded into her panties, rapidly soaking the backside of her blue chequered school dress. This was too much for Fred, and a surge of adrenalin found her out of Fiona’s grasp and scurrying sheepishly to the nurse’s office.

Fred remembered the shame of walking home in borrowed clothes, with her dress and panties in a plastic bag and the surprise of her parents at their straight-A daughter’s regression to a pantswetting accident at school.

Fred tossed in her sleep as her mind wandered.

Chapter 2

10-year old Fred lay comfortably in her bed, engrossed in the pages of her favourite book. She wore a pink nightie, and had covered herself with a sheet and light blanket for those cool Texan winter nights. It was a quarter to 12, but Fred had long since ceased keeping track of the time.

A tap on her bedroom door distracted her briefly.

“Winifred honey, don’t stay up too late; you have a maths exam tomorrow. You know how you love your exams”.

It was her mother.

“It’s okay mom, I’ll sleep soon. Just one more chapter!”

Mrs. Burkle shrugged and retired to bed.

The momentary distraction had irritated Fred, but had also made her aware of her body’s growing urge.

I need a toilet, she thought to herself. Three more pages and I’ll get up, visit the bathroom, and turn off this light. Then sleep.

She wasn’t concerned about her exam. She knew she’d ace it even without preparation.

She flipped the page, and continued reading eagerly. One page… two pages… [yawn].

Two-and-a-half. Fred’s eyelids were ever so heavy. She blinked, then blinked again…

Fred’s alarm woke her with a start. She glanced at the clock; 7am. Her bedroom light was still on. Rising groggily, she became aware of a sensation she had not experienced in over five years.

Fred lowered her hand to her crotch to confirm her fear. Wet. Very wet.

She panicked and flipped off her covers. Fred revealed a large stain, centered around the mid-section of her body, a shade or two darker pink than the rest of her sheets. Her favourite book remained dry, for which she was thankful, but Feigenbaum, her beloved stuffed bunny and the Master of Chaos, was saturated in pre-adolescent pee.

Grown-up Fred tossed and moaned and dreamed some more.

