Tina the omorashi girl

Author: Ghostblade913

*000*2018-07-13 21:07

A word from the author... Hello Hello I am Ghostblade. I have been lurking around this website for a while this is my first omorashi story. It's completely original since I wouldn't feel right forcing characters I love into these cruel situations. So I made my own story, with blackjack and Hookers. My character will be fully aware of what is happening but can't stop it. I myself will be the godly narrator who sometimes talks with Tina(I'll only do it a couple of times per story so not to distract you ). There will be at least one wetting per story it will all be pretty vanilla with only girls wetting themselves since this is to pleasure me as much as it is to pleasure you.I mostly wanted something sexy yet comedic. Anyway I've talked too long and you probably skipped this so let's get ready to ruuumbllllllllllle. (;

Tina Millers was your average female protagonist. She had shoulder length brown hair with a large red bow on top, she was 5ft 4 and 115 pounds ,she had fair white skin with not a single blemish anywhere on her body, blue eyes, and a medium bust. "Hi there i'm Tina a sophomore at flowing waterfall high school unfortunately Ghostblade-sama has cursed me with a small bladder to be an omorashi character,"

"Nothing bad happened yet though I have ended up with slightly damp panties in close calls,'' "I wear skirts and t-shirts whenever it isn't cold and stockings that hit grade a on the zettai ryōiki scale plus sneakers," I'm a slightly insane ditz genki girl, but that's enough about me let's see the day and how i'm obviously going to wet myself due to the jackass author," she said to nobody in particular in the middle of her room. She then left late for school with toast in her mouth.

''Why are you making this like an anime you're American, I'm American, this is Wyoming, and why am I wearing a sailor fuku when i'm in high school," said the reasonable protagonist. '' Why not?" said the very handsome narrator/author.Tina got to school feeling a little twinge in her bladder that didn't need to be taken care of...... yet. She got to the hell-I mean school to be greeted by her childhood friend who will never get her due to being the childhood friend, Lawrence.

Lawrence was an average harem protagonist (Just think senpai from yandere sim for looks) Tina was not art of the harem due to being the childhood friend.But he might get a spin-off if this does well. "Hey Tina I have a question,"

"What does every woman want?"

"I think it may be either diamonds or wine, whats your answer?" said the Haremmaster. "Immortality (insert evil laugh),"she said crossing her legs a bit. "Thanks i'll be sure to get immortality for Haremmember #7 Jenny,"

"Well better get to class to get my plot moving, see ya," she Naruto ran to class not even bothering to check the ladies room(I blew them up anyways haha).

Tina got to Mr Sicada's class and sat down. She noticed two random Hookers playing blackjack in the back. Class started and Tina started being desperate"I can't ask to go to the bathroom or else I'll get my brains fucked out of me by the legendary Mr. Sicada," she thought to herself as she realized she was fucked. "Screw you hunky author/narrator bodybuilder Ghostblade-sama jackass,"

"I'll strangle you after this is done," she grabbed her crotch sweat running down her thighs her faced turned red and she puffed her cheeks up. She was going to lose control soon. Class and the rest of school magically ended just then with no work issued in class and everybody confused as I flaunt my author powers. Mr. Sicada then issued homework as everyone knew that i they failed to comply The legendary Mr. Sicada would show up and would teach a lesson in terror.

(IF YOU ARE JUST SKIMMING FOR THE WETTING SCENE HERE IT IS)

Tina shuffled out of the room into the magically empty hallway except for Lawrence and Haremmembers #2, #5, and #6 Christie, Andrea, and Karrera. Tina locked her legs together, burying her hands in the front of her skirt, and about to cry as she realized the inevitable. She gasped as the dam broke feeling a warmth and wetness in her lacy pink panties. Then she cried as the front of her skirt got a huge wet stain.Urine rolled down her legs creating streaks in her white stockings going in her shoes. Plenty fell directly from the poor girl splattering on the floor creating a sizable puddle.

Tina couldn't help but sigh as she soaked her lower half her face red with embarrassment. She continued utterly soaking herself for 5 minutes crying, sighing, and screaming death threats at me in her mind. The 3 other girls looked disgusted yet sympathetic (In case there's a spin-off) Lawrence looked the most sympathetic seeing his childhood friend like this. Tina sunk into the puddle in shame further wetting the front of her panties as she ended. Lawrence bent down to console her and the-"Well that was embarrassing but I feel much better now!' our soaked protagonist exclaims as she 180s how she was feeling seconds ago. Lawrence and the Haremmembers look shocked and confused before realizing this was Tina they were thinking about.

"This feels pleasantly warm and kind of naughty , I might try this more," my new waifu tells us. "Though I should get changed an prepare for a possible chapter 2,"

"Thanks for reading audience-chan," she says skipping home utterly soaked from the waist down.

That's the end of chapter 1 of blank this was my first story and I hope you like it. I probably wont be constant about posting since my device can't access omo.org for some reason and this was written on a friends pc (thank god for incognito). But if I have the chance I'll add to Tina's misadventures and when I get something (which may take a few years). So it would be appreciated to be followed. Shout out to the founder Kirito for making the website thank you and to Faust for being my favorite author on the site thank you as well. See ya later and beware the legendary Mr. Sicada

With Love Ghostblade (Stay thirsty my friends)

P.s. I accidentally posted this on the wrong forum I didn't realize that non real non fanficion stories could be put here (i'm an idiot) Is there anyway to cancel the first one or do i need to ask a moderator to take it down?

*001*2018-07-21 05:04

Chapter 2 The flow continues

A word from the author ...... So the first part that I was worried about was rejected from general which is a good thing. I wanted to wait for a reply but fuck it. Let’s get ready to ruuuuuuumble.

Saturday

Tina was going to go to the amusement park with Lawrence as well as haremmembers # 2 and # 3 Christie and Hope. It had been 2 days ago since she had her accident in chapter one and has now accepted her life even having found out she thought the sensation was rather pleasant. “Well hello lovely audience ready to read through my desperation today written by this asshat ?”

“Today I’m wearing dark blue stockings, a pink skirt, and a white shirt with a heart on it as well as my usual red bow, ” The cute girl said to the roof. She then went outside to see Lawrence’s beat up black van.

“Tina get that candy flavored ass in the van you slut!” Yelled HMR#2 Christie who will now get a personality. “I was just giving you time to get your brains fucked out like you’re with Mr. Sicada you fucking cow!” Relented the reasonable candy assed(the fuck does this even mean I should drop it) girl. “Maybe Mr. Sicada already got to me ya hoe,” said Christie with a blush on her face as Lawrence choked on a taco in surprise and disappointment.

Tina got in the black van feeling a slight urge to pee but ignoring it since they were already late. She sat next to HMR#3 Hope who will also get some personality right now. “I’ve been drawing some art from this graphic novel could you critique it Tina?” This new girl asked politely. Tina looked through the art impressed by the quality. Though as she got to the end she saw something peculiar, a quite interesting thing, a very peculiar interesting thing, a-“Get on with it Ghostblade-Sama!” Tina yelled at me. It was a female character in a white dress sitting in a yellow puddle looking embarrassed yet realievedO_O. Tina showed it to Hope and her face got red immediately. “Just ignore that ok,” Hope said slightly panicked.

Tina said ok and rode on to the amusement park with her legs crossed to stifle the urge. She didn’t notice but Hope was squirming a little. They got to the park and Tina jumped with joy releasing a spurt into her panties making a dime sized wet patch. She jammed her hands into her crotch embarrassed by what just happened. Nobody noticed, except for Hope that is. “Well here it is ladies Waterfall park even though it isn’t a water park but just a regular amusement park,” exclaimed Lawrence who had finally finished choking on that taco.

“Great now to find a toile-oh,” Tina groaned as she saw the unreasonably long ladies room common in most of these stories. “I may be into the feeling but not the beforehand dammit,” groaned Tina. Hope wiggled and blushed discretely with a tiny smile in her face. Hope was wearing grey sweatpants and a beige shirt that said “fight” on the breast part.She wore a headband and had above average sized boobs.”Stop explaining looks in the middle of the story dude,” Tina huffed at me for stopping the flow of the story.

With no other choice Tina and the rest of the gang got on a roller coaster/haunted house. While sitting Lawrence looked down and saw Tina’s panties as she was sitting face to face with him. They were white with musical notes on them.Tina never really cared if anyone saw her panties it was just a more hidden piece of clothing if they turned a guy on that was an added bonus. Tina squeezed her legs in desperation trying not to leak Hope put her hand in between her legs still not noticed by anyone except me.

The ride began, it started out looking like small world but th n the people started looking more deformed. Creeping everyone out then a Franken- wolf came out of the dark and jump scared them. Tina and Hope screamed small streams leaving them for a little bit saturating their panties. Tina regained her breath and noticed the warmth in her undies. She panicked and threw her hand in her crotch managing to prevent more leakage. She left a small puddle where she was sitting and her patties were yellowed a bit. Hope took her time enjoying the warm wet feeling in her pink panties. She stopped it on her own and left a medium size puddle as well as having a noticeably dark backside.

The ride ended and the 2 damp girls exited the ride blushing (but Hope’s was the aroused type of blushing) The other 2 thought they were just embarrassed at being frightened. “I’ll be back in a second,” said Hope smiling a bit. Tina noticed Hope’s wet backside and several gears clicked inside her head.”I’ll go with her,” Tina yelped as she leaked a tiny bit. She followed Hope to a little spot where nobody could see her. “Oh Tina I wasn’t expecting you to follow m-ah!”

HERE IS THE OMO SCENE

She was cut short as her dam burst. A wet spot quickly formed on the front of her sweatpants as she completely lost control. The spot started flowing down her legs little streams connecting to form big ones as she soaked herself. Her panties were long gone as those were yellowed with one coming directly from the girl. Hope moaned at the sense of relief she had been holding since she woke up. The backside of her sweatpants suffered a worse fate becoming even more darkened by the pee. The pee entered her shoes soaking her socks and shoes a large puddle collected under her. A large stream fell from her directly growing the puddle more. She felt weak on her feet with this feeling of pleasure. She was still dripping when Tina realized what she should do.

“I cant let her suffer this alone,”

“Even if I can still hold I have to let go,” and Tina let go. She jammed her hands in her crotch so people would easily tell she wet herself. Pee slowly trickled out of her collecting in her panties. The flow increased and she sighed in pleasure. The front of her skirt slowly got a dark patch, the urine started dripping, and Tina was in heaven. The pee rolled down her legs making streaks on her stockings her shoes filled with pee. Her own yellow puddle grew in size but not to the size of Hope’s.Her panties become yellow at the crotch ruining them. She definitely liked this part.

Hope was surprised she could tell it was on purpose.... because she was an omo maniac . The entire day she wanted this to happen and she moaned seeing it. Tina stopped dripping and slid onto her but into the puddle. “Why did you do that? Asked Hope. “So you wouldn’t be emmbaressed,” replied Tina. Hope was surprised she had never had an act of kindness like this done to her. The two girls got closer they could feel each other’s breath and then... “Wait I can’t you belong to Lawrence as a Haremmember,” besides the handsome author wants to give me a love interest in chapter 3,” Tina said ruining the moment(ship DENIED) “At least you won’t be as embarrassed if I’m pissy too,” she said smiling. “Actually Hope has an omorashi fetish you didn’t need to do it on purpose,” The sexy narrator told her. “WHAT!” Yelled Tina to me. “Oh well that felt even better than the first time,” Tina got over it quickly.

Lawrence found the 2 soaked females and facepalmed”Great you 2 just ruined the day Christie will have my ass on a silver platter for this,” Lawrence sighed. “Let’s go home,” and the 2 girls went home wet yet happy.

That was chapter 2 I hope you like it please leave suggestions on the thread

Stay thirsty my friends. Love Ghostblade

*002*2018-08-01 04:54

Chapter 3 Love is like a flowing river... a warm one ;)

Word from the author if at first you don’t succeed, drag your fiction kicking and screaming to the top of the forum when sortedby date! I want to try spacing each line to make it easier to read. So let’s get ready to RUUUUUUUUMBLE.

“Really we’re doing THIS again?” Tina Millers was taking a walk when she felt that chapter 3 was going to be a thing. “Yes we’re doing this again I don’t have any ideas for new stories, but plenty for this,” the handsome narrator answered. “NOW GET BACK

TO WORK OR YOU’RE FIRED!” Tina sighed and decided to let writing take it’s course. She walked down the busy highway admiring the shops filled with goodies she couldn’t buy due to being broke as fuck. But as she stopped she saw HIM! A boy from her school and he looked like boyfriend material.

Gary POV

Gary Benson was a geek. He spent his days on the internet looking at anything from hentai to YouTube videos. He was 6ft 1 and had a medium body size and wasn’t too fit, it not unfit either. He had dark brown hair and navy blue eyes. He frequently wore gym shorts for comfort and t shirts with cringey memes on it. He was wandering around like a lost puppy since he had no sense of direction and couldn’t find his store. He promptly forgot about everything when he saw HER! A beautiful girl by the name of Tina. He decided to cross the street to say something to her. CRASH! the poor sap got hit by a car, Luckily he was ok and didn’t really notice.”FUCKIN

SHITHEAD I WILL FUCK YOU UP IF YOU DARE TRYING TO FUCK UP MY CAR AGAIN STABITTY STABBITY!” The driver yelled at the boy. Obviously getting away with it because I say so.

Tina POV

Tina had spaced out since I switched over to a new character she became aware of a slight need to go but ignored it as she saw her crush walking toward her. She saw the look in his eyes, the eyes of a guy about to ask out his crush, eyes that were focused on HER. She nearly squeed at this.

- There was love in the air - hearts were everywhere - the only people who mattered at this moment we’re Tina, Gary, and the president. Gary knew just what to say to win a date something I chose just for him to say .

“HIILIKESHORTSTHEY’RECOMFYANDEASYTOWEAR,” ... (That’s a reference. )

- wait

- wait a second

- he fucked up

- i’ve lost connection to the story

Snake come in snake SNAAAKE!!!

Mission failed we’ll get em next time.

Wasted.

- you get the idea

(Breakdown continues)

In slightly French voice “Meanwhile,”

Both teens looked confused, very confused. Gary couldn’t believe how much he just fucked up. Tina couldn’t believe how much

Gary fucked up. In short Gary fucked up. “Uh what was that again ,” said a blushing Tina as she tried to save Gary from embarrassment. “I uh *stuttering* I wanted to ask you on a date,” Gary saved. Tina blushed as she got what she wanted

“Oh Ok we can do that now I’m not doing anything right now are you?” she smiled a bit. “ Yeah you’re right I have no cha-

- wait say that again.” Gary responded. Tina fidgeted from embarrassment and a need to pee. “I said we can do that right now,”she responded softly.

Gary couldn’t believe it”Yeah ok fine I’ll take us to dinner,” *Time skip* Tina and Gary were sitting at a resturant eating and holding a conversation. “Yeah so I haven’t seen my parents in weeks yet I never run out of money,” Tina told her date. “Yeah neither do I I don’t get it I don’t even have a job that’s soooo weird,” they both laughed. Tina grabbed herself through her skirt a bit she was now experiencing the “Person On A Date Is Too Embarrassed To Pee” trope that is noticeable in a few omo stories.

Tina leaked a bit dampening her pale pink panties (holy shit I accidentally did alliteration!) but ignored it and got up with her date after the bill was payed. They walked down a dark alleyway to get home. Tina was walking with her thighs clenched slightly trying not to lose it in front of her date. She put a single hand in front of her crotch and continued walking. “Hey do you need to pee?” Gary noticed her desperation. “Well yeah I guess I do need to g- AAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!” Tina spurted at the sight of HIM, The Legendary Mr. Sicada, looking for a new girly victim to rape.

HERES THE OMORASHI SCENE GET IT WHILE ITS HOT

Tina was so scared she fell on her but and lost it. The warmth pooled at her behind soaking the butt of her panties more than they usually did. The same could be said for the seat of her skirt. A large puddle stretched out from under the helpless girl who didn’t even notice yet.

“ YOU BASTARD!” Gary yelled attacking the legendary mr. sicada bravely beating back the behemoth barring barely (more alliteration huh) holding back strength. Mr. Sicada roared and retreated into the darkness waiting until Monday since he had to go to work that day.

Tina was mesmerized at the guy who through himself into danger bravely to protect her. Until she realized the warm puddle she was sitting in. Gary held his hand out “Are you ok?”

“Yeah I am, thank you for protecting me that was AMAZiNG FIGHTING

BACK MR. SICADA I WOULD HAVE DEFINATLY BEEN RAPED IF IT WERENT FOR YOU!” She exclaimed to her savior. Gary blushed

“Ah shuck- waitdidyoupeeyourpantsthatsaprettybigpuddle?” He said as Tina stood little drops of pee dripping from under her skirt. “Oh well I uh yeah that happens to me a lot,” she told him. “That’s hot,” he said. “I realize you might be disgusted but... wait what?”

“ That’s hot ,” he got up closer to her face, they could feel each other’s breath, they leaned in, and they kissed. With Tina having a pee soaked skirt and everything. The kiss ended all too soon as the now couple walked home.

Word from the author... He fucked up I can’t belie-wait what? It’s over? I missed it! Well that was chapter 3 please leave comments and criticism down below I hope you enjoyed.

With love Ghostblade. Stay thirsty my friends.

*003*2018-08-02 04:42

I have no idea why there are unnecessary spaces in the middle of sentences and the edit button is gone so I can’t fix that for the time being. But I hope to make chapter 4 much betterwhen I get to it.

*004*2018-08-08 04:51

Chapter 3 JUSTICE CRASH!!!

Authors note: Back with NO demand AT ALL It’s time for chapter 4.

I asked Faust to review this story and he said I should make a much better format to avoid tl:dr and I agreed. So now I have a different sentence structure.....

Again.

Also character dialogue will be colored with a different color per character. my words in the story will be bolded , and Tina’s 4th wall breaks will be italicized.

Without further adue LEEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUMBLLLLLLLE.

“So are you sure your writing structure is better this time?” Tina said her dialogue now pink. “Also you gave me a non cannon sister named Jenny in that mock story for Faust? What’s wrong with you?”

“She may get a non cannon series of her own,”

“ What? now that’s a dumb idea?”

“Also what with the pink text?”

“It’s because I’m a girl isn’t it? So we all have to have pink te-

“Tina I created everything about you, your favorite color IS pink,” the absolute stunning male specimen of a narrator boomed down on his creation.

Tina looked around for a minute putting a hand on her chin. She gained a look of realization as she realized she couldn’t win the argument.

“Screw you god,”

“So you wanna go cycling for a date?” Gary asked his girlfriend.

“Since when do we exercise?”

“Just thought it would be a nice change of pace,”

“ One of us may die of over exertion from this but ok,” Tina said kissing her boyfriend on the cheek.

They decided to get on their bikes there. Tina pulled a pair of bike shorts from her purse. Since she was wetting herself so much she decided to keep these around. They even helped in situations where she might be ... you know Exposed.

They started riding up a mountain this was a problem since the roads winded up the mountains leaving steep areas on the side so Tina couldn’t relieve herself without being seen by somebody.

“Hey there’s a rest stop let’s stop there,” Gary called out.

“Ok,”

“Did that one word really require a whole line?”

“Silence fool, you underestimate my power!”

The lovely couple went into the store at the rest stop. There were 2 employees on duty ,one female the other male.Tina needed to pee and asked where the bathroom was.

“ Sorry pretty little thang,” the female employee said. “Bathrooms are closed, I hate to say that even if one of you is just a little girl and the other is a Stunning male specimen,”

“ There’s no need to call my boyfriend a little girl,” Tina said to her.

This implication caused everyone to go wide eyed while Tina was blissfully unaware of the implication(she is a girl this is a joke) Gary and the female employee were frightened while the male employee had a face that Screamed

Since he was the son of THE LEGENDARY MR. SICADA

Gary was equally scared of the male employee so he grabbed Tina bridal style and booked it.

Tina really had to go now. She had spurted when Gary had picked her up. She was also having a hard time concentrating on riding with this need to go. Since she was distracted she didn’t notice she was about to go off the road....

She fell of the steep road and as she was launched in the air she heard a riiiiiiip sound losing her skirt . She landed in the dirt not seriously injured but this now posed a new problem.

HERES THE SCENE GIT IT NOW OR IM SPITTIN IN THE PAN

She was only wearing her shorts and sitting on her butt as the urine flowed out of her staining her white panties and getting the seat of her shorts wet. A large puddle came from under her as she resigned to her fate. It felt really good compared to the pain of falling earlier.

“ I Am going to masturbate furiously to you tonight, that was HOT,”

“ I’ll masturbate to you to tonight how do you feel about that?”

“I’ll love every second of it as much as I love you,” Gary kissed his girlfriend on the lips and helped her up.

Tinas skirt was destroyed, but nobody could see the damage on her black shorts so they continued on their date happy.

Authors note so I hope this was enjoyed. Next chapter I’ll bring back a couple of other characters like Lawrence as well as maybe a couple of Tinas female friends. Faust advised me that the writing structure I used right now is a good one for keeping attention so I used it. Tell me if you like it And please leave a review.

Stay thirsty my friends (Ghostblade).

*005*2018-08-20 22:51

Chapter 5 Really again?

Authors note Hello hello. I noticed that chapter 4 says chapter 3....

That will constantly hurt me.

Also between lines 23 and 24 (Between the words Screamed and since) this picture was supposed to be there.

I am also disappointed in myself for that.

I want the story to at least end on a multiple of 5 if I try to make a new story which will most likely be a magical girl thing (Tina might be the main character I like her but maybe you people will grow tired of her) If this ends permanently I want it to end on chapter 10.

Since Tina has a level of omnipotence she might stay as a commentator with me or be a side character. Pointing out flaws and stuff like Yanderedev’s Midori since she’s partially based on Midori.

With that out of the way I noticed the wording for the wetting was getting shorter so I want to make the rest as detailed as the first one.

But I’ve talked too much LEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMBLLLLLLLLE

“And he makes you do what?” a blue haired girl asked our protagonist

“He makes me wet myself Mia,” The brown haired protagonist with a big red bow on her head answered.

“So god is some nerd in a chair badly writing pants wetting stories and you are the protagonist?” another girl this time with blonde hair responded.

“ That’s right Carie keep up please,”

“And what’s our role?”

“The homosexual supporting cast,”

“Go figure,” Both girls said in unison suddenly becoming cousinsssss- I mean gay.

These two girls are Tina’s best friends who aren’t Lawrence back from two completely unrelated vacations. The blue haired one is Mia a sporty tomboy who always wears shorts or pants. She’s always looking for her next challenge and has known Tina since they were little.

The blonde is Carie. Very knowledgeable and hard working. She wears pants/shorts on odd number days and skirts in even number days. Organized yet friendly, she’s known Tina since third grade and even hit it off with Mia.

“Oh good, Mia was starting to seem too much like Ami from Sailor Moon,” the omnipotent girl said to the narrator/God

“Yeah when I chose Mia on my own and then realized it was an anagram of Ami plus the blue hair and realized I had to make Carie the smart one,” I said to Tina.

“So why am I having to tell them this?”

“Because this chapter is about them wetting themselves,”

“I’ll even show you how much I can influence,”

I start typing “Linda and The Legendary Mr. Sicada will fall in love, but they won’t be able to see each other anymore, this will be a huge blow to Linda, Mr. Sicada will be destroyed”

What Tina could see was this.

Teacher Linda and Mr.Sicada suddenly kissed, ripped their own eyes out, Mr. Sicada punches Linda in the face, and he then proceeds to explode.

“ If you control everything why did Carie insult you?”

“....,”

THIS IS ONE OF TWO SCENES READ ON FOR THE OTHER

Tina felt her bladder burst despite not needing to go (divine wrath) the large amount of liquid instantly soaked her pure,white,panties. Both sides of her skirt gained wet patches. The pee ran down her legs into her shoes making a puddle on the floor of the empty classroom.

Mia and Carie gasped and blushed at this sight, Tina was unprepared so she was embarrassed more than usual. She gently picked up her sopping skirt so more wouldn’t get it wet as the stream tampered off.

“ Kinda like that you see,”

“ Oh no this looks like it would be terrible,” a blushing Mia said

“ How do you deal with it?” Carie added

“ I’m actually kinda turned on by it,”

“What!”

“ Well now I kinda want to try if you think it feels pleasant,”

Both other girls were shocked at this statement. Mia always seemed so innocent. Now she wanted to try this lewd activity.

“You should try it to Carie so it’s fair,”

“I uh well *sigh* ok if you insist Carie,”

“Ok let’s get you some water then,”

A few moments later and the two girls were desperate to pee after chugging a bunch of water. Ami was holding herself between her shorts and Carie was grabbing at her skirt

Carie couldn’t believe she was doing this she was always the responsible one and was now planing to piss herself like a little girl. Her parents would kill her if they found out.

Ami however wasn’t worried at all and eagerly awaited since Tina seemed to enjoy it. Her gym shorts were a little damp from sweat if playing basketball so she could just say the wetness was sweat.

Tina hadn’t changed and was rubbing herself discreetly at the sight of her desperate friends. She hadn’t felt this way since after she and Hope had wet themselves at the amusement park.

HERES THE DOUBLE WETTING SKIMMERS

Ami bounced a little and gasped. A large wet spot formed on the crotch of her shorts running down the sides of her legs. A stream of urine litter pattered onto the ground forming a puddle.

Ami moaned at the release as she realized Tina was right.Her lower body getting wetter by the second and a look of ecstasy on her face both her legs having streams of ore running down them. She looked at her purple panties as she finished and say they were completely soaked.

Caries kneess buckled at the sight of Carie setting herself and she realesed. Her crotch soaking from the skirts from being jammed into her crotch making a huge wet spot. The urine also ran down her legs soaking her socks.

Caire slid into the puddle and continued peeing her legs getting wetter by the second she moaned as hard as Carie throwing away her dignity as she pushed every last drop out.

“That was amazing!” the wet girl said flipping up her skirt to looked at her soaked blue panties.

“ You were right about that Tina but i should go home it’s getting late,” Ami told Tina making her way home in pissy shorts.

“ So Carie how do plan to,go home looking like that?”

Carie snapped back to reality as she realized she would go home smelling like pee and with a wet spot on her skirt.She realized she would just have to go home and tell her mom she had an accident and left.

Tina still wet walked back home and sat and her bed rubbing herself as she saw her friends pee themselves. Things were good again.

END OF CHAPTER 5

Authors note this is now my personal favorite. Tell me if you would like to see Tina be a magical girl. If I get no replies saying no, I’m gonna make the story having Tina and all the introduced characters (even the rest of the Harlemmembers that I haven’t shown you that’s still a plot point) and title it

Tina the wet magical girl.

Tina would be the heroine, Mia and Carie will be the other magical girls in the group, The haremmembers will be a rival group and finally Lawrence would be like Tuxedo mask with Gary being like a less competent but more silly tuxedo mask.

Also Mr. Sicada will be like Broly (even though Broly is from a shonen) and I haven’t thought of any other villains (I need a gothic magical girl villain)

Thank you for reading and I’ll see you next time.

Stay thirst my friends- Ghostblade

*006*2018-08-22 00:36

Characters may be up for changes what I put up there isn’t final

*007*2018-08-27 02:35

I just noticed I kept mixing up carie and amis names

{{On 8/20/2018 at 6:51 PM, Ghostblade913 said:

“You should try it to Carie so it’s fair,”

“I uh well *sigh* ok if you insist Carie,”

}}

*008*2018-10-06 21:25

Authors note……. Well it’s been a while since I updated this bad boy. I wanted to take a break since the magical girl au is darker then I wanted but I can’t stop now so I’ll just go with the flow (pun intended)

I also wanted to address some differences that don’t have to do with the magical girl ness.

Nobody, not even Magic Tina knows about Mr. Sicada in that world. Tina prime does but she can’t say anything to the other.

In this story Tina’s parents are in Europe taking a whoever knows how long vacation. The Magic girl au first takes place before chapter 1 of this fic in terms of timeline so they haven’t left yet and won’t

All villains except Mr. Sicada and possibly his son are exclusive to the magic girl au

Magic Tina can’t provide a comment today due to ending on a cliffhanger. So without further adieu LEEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUMBLLLLLLE

Chapter 6 Oh wow this again!

Alright time to get comfortable in this stories writing-chair. What should I write for this non edgy one?

“ Oh god what are you doing here!?” Ah, Tina, the protagonist.

“I’ve decided to add a new chapter to the og thread!” I the smoking hot narrator loudly proclaimed.

“ GET OUT!” The protagonist screamed at me.

“ You can’t tell me to get out! This is my creation!” I boombed at her.

“ I meant get out of the shower I’m naked!!!”

I got out of the shower my jeans soaked with….. sike it’s just water!

“ Who wears pants in the shower with a naked girl!”

“ For your sake! Sweet Juses you’ve been in enough attempted rape situations!

“ But pants in the shower with a naked girl! Is that a weird science reference!”

“YES BUT I CREATED THEM TIDDIES AND I CAN APPRECIATE THEM IF I WANT!”

“ OK BUT GET OUT I HAVE A DOUBLE DATE WITH GARY AND LAWRENCE!”

Ah that’ll be my story for today. Another desperate date, but this time with Haremmembers #5, 6, and 7 Andrea, Karrera, and Jenny. ( A tsundere who has a friendly rivalry with Tina, an emo, and an hourglass of a teacher)

“ Ah fuck me sweetly in the ass with a chainsaw covered in fire ants,”

*Lennyface*

*Timeskip*

Gary, dressed in a tuxedo, led Tina, who was wearing a tight red dress, out of his car.

“ So god has come back?” The protagonists boyfriend asked her.

“ Yes,”

“Let me guess, you’ll wet your pants?”

“ Yup,”

“ And the 3 haremmembers?”

“ Most likely,”

“ Bring it on,”

The two young lovers walked over to the entrance of Mouille Toi (bilingual bonus), a fancy French restaurant, where they saw Lawrence and 3 of the haremmembers.

Now I’ll just give a few short descriptions if you don’t feel like going to the character guide in the magical girl thread. Andrea looks like a tsundere Tina with a smaller bow, karrera is emo with blue hair, and Jenny is the sexiest teacher imaginable with the biggest butt and boobs ever.

Now with that out of the way, we can continue.

“ Oh my! You’re taking is to a French restaurant? I’ll have to make sure to give you something special when we go home,” said a woman with- oh wow, I just mean wow just, goddamn that’s a fanservice character.

“ Tina you’re gonna have to slap me,” Gary whispered to Tina with a shameful look on his face.

“ Why’s that,” she whispered back.

“ Because I came from your home etc teacher,”

Tina looked kinda shocked and disappointed as she slapped him like he told her to do.

“ How’s it going my childhood friend and the man lucky enough to capture her,” Tina ps childhood friend and playboy, Lawrence greeted them dressed in a tuxedo.

“ YOU!”

“ YOU!”

“ Well my rival it seems we meet again,” said the haremmember with a bow.

“ Indeed we have rival!”

Gary proceeded to pin Lawrence’s hands behind his back. “ Can’t have you breaking up a cat fight if it happens!”

“ What even is our rivalry though?” Tina upped the drama in her voice.

“ How about trying to outdo each other with extravagant bows?” Said Andrea with equal drama.

“ It shall be done!”

“ Ok let’s all go inside to eat,” Lawrence chimed in.

“ Ok but it’s not like I like you or anything!” Andreas voice became squeaky and she puffed her cheeks.

“ Uh wah? But you’re my girlfriend!”

“ Uh uh BAKA HENTAI!” Andrea pushed her boyfriend to the ground.

“ Guys calm the fuck down! I’m so hungry I could eat like an anime girl who eats everything and doesn’t get fat,” the emo looking girl who was actually very boisterous and an otaku finally spoke up.

“ Yeah we need to get to the Omorashi stuff,”

As they walked into the restaurant, Tina noticed a very slight leg shift between Andrea and Karrera, she said nothing though.

They sat down and ordered, both Andrea and Karrera had their hands in their laps, definitely a sight that they had to pee. So Tina looked over to the women’s room which had a very long line.

“ I wonder if they will even try?” She thought to herself. She knew that I was involved she’d probably end up wetting herself so she chose to just let it happen when it happened, the 3 haremmembers though, she couldn’t tell.

“ So now did such a cute pair get together?” Jenny said teasingly to Tina and Gary.

Every word this hourglass said to Gary made him sweat, this was obvious to Tina who squirmed in her seat at the sight of her boyfriend being hit on.

“ Or maybe I just need to pee?” She looked at her 3 empty cups.

“ Ok fuck this I’m going to the line I have to piss,” Karrera got up and headed to the bathroom, rubbing her legs together as she walked.

“ Hey Andrea are you ok you’ve been fidgeting a lot?” Lawrence looked over to Andrea.

“ Uwah! Don’t say perverted things Baka!” She was going to use the bathroom, but her tsundereness stopped her.

Karrera was putting a lot of effort into holding herself, not even bothering about people watching. She bounced, held herself, threw up a leg, it was quite the spectacle.

“ Fuck this small bladder!”

While this was happening Tina started crossing her legs, Gary noticed this and smiled at her with a kinda lusty yet sweet look.

Their food came and Gary nudged his drink over to his girlfriend, who noticed and decided to accept the challenge. She gulped the whole thing down while he ate his spaghetti.

“ You can’t eat spaghetti wearing a tuxedo,”

“ The spaghettis not wearing a tuxedo,”

With this bad joke aside, Karrera was notably fighting a losing battle at the end of the line.

Out of nowhere The Legendary Mr. Sicada threw a car into the girls bathroom roaring like the T. rex from Jurassic park.

This startled everyone and Karrera, at the sight of her relief destroyed, felt the biggest impact form it.

“ Oh fuck oh fuck oh- aah!”

WE GOT OURSELVES A WETTING SCENE

Karreras face had a look of shock as the front of her long dress darkened.A loud hiss was heard from her as the pee streamed from her panties down to her legs. A yellow puddle expanded from under her dress onto the tile floor. She moaned and sweared and grabbed her crotch tighter, which only made her dress wetter. Her pee eventually went from a long stream to a few drops as she sighed.

“Motherfucker!”

She went back over to her table, with just about everyone in the restaurant shocked at what happened. She looked really pissed, figuratively and literally.

“ Go get to go boxes and meet me outside I wanna go home!” She practicality yelled at Lawrence. Everyone decided that Karrera had indeed ruined He night by wetting her pants and soon they went out of the restaurant.

Andrea gave a whimper since she had to wait until she was home.

“ H-hey can I ride with you since your house is closer?”

Jenny chimed in “ Me too I’m just bursting for a toilet!” Which was weird since she looked completely composed.

Lawrence agreed to just take Karrera home since she wasn’t in the mood for a lot,of people to be around to stare at her mess.

As they ride home Tina clutched her panties directly and squeezed her legs, those drinks really caught up to her.

Andrea however, was panting and grabbing herself with all her might.

“ Hey don’t ruin the car seat,”

“ I-I’m sorry I can’t I’m i'm weeetttinng myseeeeelf!”

WETTING SCENE 2 MY FRIENDS

A hiss came from the back seat as Andrea cried. She soaked her pink panties and butt of the dress with her pee. The urine streamed down the seat making the car smell like pee. A huge wet spot would be on the seat later.

Andrea continued sobbing at her accident. Tina leaked a good bit seeing the second wetting of the story and grabbed tighter.

“ Wait till we’re out of the car before you wet yourself ok,” Gary whispered.

“ Oh and what are you little starlets talking about?”

Gary nearly ran off the road at the sound of Jenny’s voice. Tina leaked enough to create a wet patch on her panties.

“ I’m sorry I’m not doing this on purpose it’s just a reflex,”

They continued to drive home in silence, Tina wasn’t doing so well but on the other hand Jenny only had her legs crossed. Tina wondered if she was used to it or something.

When they got to Tina’s house everyone got out. Tina hobbled up to her front door, unfortunately fate wasn’t on her side.

WETTING SCENE 3 AM I PUTTING TOO MANY IN THESE STORIES

Her already saturated panties easily let the pee flow through. Her skirt was pretty high and only got slightly wet at the bottom. The pee streamed down her legs in rivulets at first, but got more powerful. It rolled into her sandals and puddled at her feet. She enjoyed it really even if she did blush.

“ God that’s hot I love when you do that ,” Gary whispered through clenched teeth.

He didn’t whisper quietly enough because Jenny heard him.

“ Gasp!”

Both turned around horrified if she heard them

But……..

FINAL WETTING SCENE OF THIS COMRADES

Jenny got a horrified look on her face,Tina and Gary didn’t know why until they saw liquid pouring from under Jenny’s skirt. Her dress was long yet tight with a long wet spot coming from her crotch down to her high heels.A huge puddle grew from her. She turned around showing a similar wet spot coming from her big buns down to her feet.

Gary looked burned out and even Tina felt a bit hot, not from her own pee mind you.

“ Did you two like that? I’ll admit that felt wonderful! I could’ve held it but this felt much nicer,”

She walked back into the car and drove off with Andrea. Leaving the two lovers confused and hot.

“Wait a second, THAT BITCH STOLE MY CAR!” Gary yelled bringing himself and Tina out of their stupor.

He ran into the street where he was hit by a car out of nowhere.

“OH ITS YOU YOU LITTLE FUCKER TRYING TO FUCK UP MY FUCKING CAR AGAIN!I'LL FUCK UP YOU ILL FUCK YOUR MOM I'LL FUCK YOUR GIRLFRIEND I'LL STAB YOUR DAD STABBITTY STABBITY! The maniac driver yelled.

“ I’m ok but that bitch still took my car!”

“ We’ll get it tomorrow, just with me tonight,” Tina said coyly.

“Noice!”

Authors note…….. Man it feels good to go back to the basics. I don’t know if I’ll start regularly updating the thread but I wanted to give some love to my first story to show it’s not dead. Please leave comments and criticism as well as ideas below.

With love Ghostblade(stay thirsty my friends)

