Resolution

Author: Nimbus

*000*2013-04-02 00:23

I proudly present my zombie omo-fiction story that is loosely based off of Resolution. http://imgur.com/a/DeOSG#0

(Warning, I wouldn't check it if you are weak stomached. While there is no gore the infected victims aren't exactly pretty) So far I don't have entire plots planned out and I don't want to follow the same ending as Resolution so if you have an suggestions of what you would like to see I'll definitely think about them.

Here is the actress I have in mind for Nikki (though I imagine her hair a bit darker) {{

}}

Day 1

Over protective was an understatement when it came to Nikki Stokes’ parents. They were the type of family that had months’ worth of food stored away, including perishable that were cycled out regularly, in case some freak storm hit. They never let their seventeen year old daughter out past nine, even during New Year’s. They wouldn’t even stay up for the New Year.

So of course at ten thirty PM December 31st 2013 Nikki sat at the edge of her bed in total darkess. Her long, silky legs dangled off the bed, kicking lightly. Her raven black hair fell in semi-curls to her mid back. A grey nightie covered her torso and little else as she waited in utter silence.

Nikki bit her lip lightly as she grew aware of her bladder filling up from dinner. She ignored the trivial need and continued to wait anxiously.

Eventually the silence of the house was broken by the sound of her father’s snoring. A smile found its place on Nikki’s face as she stood up and flicked on her lights revealing her room. Her family did fairly well and rested just above middle class. Her large room reflected that.

Flat screen TV rested on the far wall from her bed, next to it was a folding door that led to her closet filled with clothes she barely got away with wearing. The right wall housed a couple bookshelves full of fantasy and science fiction novels. Next to that was a rack of DVDs ranging from the Titanic to Fast 5. The other wall was lined with a dresser full of skirts, jeans and underwear, a desk with a small spot cleaned off for homework and the rest dedicated to her make-up.

Her walls were painted a light pink color and held posters of various interests of hers (movies, rock and pop bands, soccer, etc.) The wall opposite of her bed jutted out along the left wall revealing two doorways, a bathroom and an exit. A large mirror rested next to her closet door and the right wall with a hamper flanking it. Her floor was hardwood and had a single grey rug in front of her bed. The room was perfumed by the subtle scent of apples.

Nikki slipped the nightie over her head, revealing black panties with white polka dots and a Pokebra. She tossed her nightie into the wooden hamper. She moved to her oak dressed and ruffled through it before pulling out black skinny jeans. She tossed the pants onto her queen sized mattress’s hot pink comforter and moved to the closet.

Nikki quickly selected a red v-neck from the hangers and brown leather belt from the top shelf. She bent down grabbed a pair of black flats with white polka-dots. “Matches my panties.” She said in a soft, alluring tone.

She pulled over the V-neck that showed off enough cleavage to be flirty, but not enough her parents would throw it in a pit of fire. Nikki struggled to tug on a pair of skinny jeans. “Pain in the butt.” Nikki muttered as she sat on the edge of her bed and kicked her legs through the pant holes. Once her feet emerged from the jeans she rose to her feet and began to pulled the jeans slowly to her waist.

Nikki hopped a few times, tugging on the waist of her jeans until she had it in proper position. She slipped her belt through the loops and buckled the unnecessary accessory. Before Nikki put on her shoes she quickly brushed her hair till it looked good and applied ruby red lipstick and a tiny bit of foundation.

Nikki admired her image in her mirror, he lithe but curvy body looked great in that evening’s outfit. Satisfied the teenage girl grabbed a black cardigan and piled a couple pillows under her covers before shutting the lights off and exiting.

Nikki crept down the hall in the darkness of night. She checked her smartphone and found it to be a quarter till eleven. “Still have time to make it to the party.” She grinned as she strolled down the hardwood hallway. She froze and tensed as the floorboard creaked.

There was a slight hesitation between her dad’s snores but eventually they continued. Nikki gasped for air, not aware that she had been holding her breath. She was fully aware; however, of a growing pressure in her lower abdomen. Nikki lifted her shirt to find her faint four pack growing even less defined than normal. She dropped the hem of her shirt and continued onward with a frown.

Nikki finally found herself in front of a large open window that looked out to the side of the house. She slowly slid the window open and stepped out onto the roof’s ledge. Her other leg followed as she steadied herself on the ledge and slid the window shut. “Getting back in is going to suck.” She groaned.

Nikki carefully gripped the metal gutter and threw her body off. She dangled several feet above the ground for a few seconds before she let go and landed on the soft, wet grass. The impact sent a jolt to her bladder and Nikki cringed for a moment. Her eyes fell on her smartphone lying on the grass. She rolled her eyes and placed it in her back pocket as deep as the constricting pockets allowed.

The raven haired girl took a deep breath and set off for her friend’s party. Nikki shivered in the cool air and hugged her body. The low light cast by the moon and the occasional street lamp gave the world an eerie feel. Then all at once she was shrouded in darkness as the trees in the front yards grew too thick for light to penetrate.

Nikki took off in a sprint, partly to get to the party at a decent time, partly to escape the darkness. The sound of her flats slapping the ground was the only thing keeping her busy in an otherwise silent night. Everyone else was probably downtown partying like she was about too.

Nikki found herself on the lawn of a large two story house. Loud pop music and flashy lights came from the tan house. Nikki hesitated at the curb and considered returning to her house.

“No, I’m not my parents. I won’t live like a recluse.” She decided. Nikki put on a smile and strutted over to the party. The overwhelming scent of greasy fast food, alcohol, pizza, sweat and various deodorants and perfumes bombarded her nose as she pushed open the door. “Smells like bad decisions.” Nikki smirked.

“Hey, Nikki!” A blonde teen greeted.

“Hey, Mia. Great party you have.” Nikki said as she handed her cardigan to Mia.

“Thanks. Got to go out in style, right?” Mia said as she hung up Nikki’s jacket.

“Definitely. Hey do you have anything else to drink aside from beer?”

Mia laughed. “Yeah, for our less than exciting guests we have soda and sparkling grape juice.”

Nikki rolled her eyes and stuck her tongue out at her friend as she went to retrieve a coke.

It was at three in the morning when Nikki felt the consequences of three cokes and an entire bottle of sparkling grape juice rush to her bladder. She squirmed on the red couch for a moment before deciding the urge wasn’t going away.

Nikki sighed as she rose to her feet, squirming in place. “Maybe I should have went sooner.” She muttered to herself as she danced from foot to foot over to the only bathroom in the house. Of course there was a long line of girls and guys, some in as bad shape as her.

A mixture of sleep deprivation and desperation overshadowed the young girls modesty as she crossed her legs and began to squirm behind ten other party-goers. Nikki’s lower abdomen felt like it was housing a bowling ball decorated in porcupine needles. Nikki shoved her hands into her crotch to soothe her tingling urethra as she trembled.

Thankfully most guests seemed to utilize the bathroom quickly and Nikki soon found herself third in line for the bathroom; however, she was close to her limit. Nikki doubled over, both hands tucked into her crotch and began to bob her butt. Nikki’s legs crossed so tightly they could crush a can of soda. (No thinking of soda) Nikki winced as sweat began to form on her brow.

Nikki shuffled forward, still doubled over, as another guest left the bathroom and was quickly replaced with a dancing guy. Nikki began to squirm and bob and everything she could possibly try to keep herself from soaking her pants with pee. She curled her toes as the boy emerged from the bathroom and was replaced by a girl as erratic as Nikki.

Nikki sighed lightly; she was so much closer to relief. A single drop of urine collected in her panties to remind her how close she was to defeat. Nikki tensed up for a moment as she began to breath in rapid shallow breaths. She uncrossed her legs and began to kick her calves back so they made ninety degree angles with her thighs. She continued her awkward dancing as her upper body squirmed and her hands remained tucked away in her crotch.

In preparation Nikki undid the button and zipper of her jeans. The loosened waist band brought little relief and she still felt the urine on the verge of escaping. Nikki could practically hear the urine sloshing in around her as if searching for the exit. Her urethra practically burned as it desired to release the pee she so cautiously tried to keep contained.

Nikki recrossed her legs as tight as possible. Sweat began to collect on her thighs as if her body was trying to find any means possible to release its excess water. The raven haired girl curled her toes and balled her fists till her knuckles turned white. Nikki kept one fist pressed against her crotch and reluctantly raised the other to knock on the door.

Tears welled up in Nikki’s eyes as she rapped on the door. “Please hurry.” She pleaded with a strained voice. She blinked away tears as she could feel the flood of urine seemingly approach the end of her urethra and threaten to escape.

“I’m so sorry.” A sobbing voice cried from the other end of the door. A few moments later, before Nikki could reply, a girl emerged from the bathroom in a rush before Nikki could see what was wrong with her. Nonetheless Nikki eagerly entered the bathroom and slammed the door shut behind her.

The sight of a toilet sent Nikki into absolute agony. She doubled over further than before and began to shake and bob. She grit her teeth and struggled forward. Nikki paused as she heard her shoe hit water. She glanced down to find herself standing in a puddle of urine. “Oh that’s what took the other girl so long.” She winced as she wished to release her own urine. She shook her head and shuffled over to the toilet, another spurt soaked her panties.

Nikki bit her lip in front of the toilet, she could feel the urine beginning to set itself free. She trembled as she struggled to pull her skinny jeans down. Her eyes went wide as she began to feel the urine rush to escape her body. She quickly tugged at her panties and moved into a sitting position. A thick golden stream gushed from her urethra and managed to soak the waistband of her panties before Nikki pulled it away.

Hot pee began to cascade into the toilet with a satisfying trickle as it splashed into the toilet water below. Nikki sighed in utter relief and ecstasy as she voided her bladder. Her body immediately began to relax as the trickle grew louder as the flow increased in speed. Her shoulder’s began to sag and the flow slowed before halting altogether. Nikki rested on the toilet seat for a few more seconds before rising to her feet.

She pulled her panties to her waist and winced at the dampness of it. Thankfully the damage was minimal and her jeans were free of any wetness. She eased her jeans up before buttoning them and zipping them. Nikki took her times as she washed her hands, completely content with herself now that she was no longer in danger of wetting herself,

Finally Nikki emerged from the bathroom to find people leaving in crowds. Mia approached the confused girl and explained the situation.

“Some douche was going around biting guests or something. I had to kick everyone out because a few people were actually bleeding.”

“Wow, he must have the munchies.” Nikki joked.

Mia didn’t look amused. “Whatever, the asshole ruined the party and probably sent a few people to the emergency room. I hope he’s satisfied.”

“Maybe he just needed a snicker’s bar.” Nikki shrugged as she retrieved her cardigan.

“Maybe. See you later I guess, and be careful; the creep might still be out there.” Mia said as she walked Nikki to the door.

“I’ll watch my back.” Nikki smiled and shut the door behind her. Nikki shivered in the cool air. Of course it might have been the thought of some psychopath chewing on people that made her shiver; nonetheless she set off to her house.

Nikki continuously rubbed at the back of her waist since her wet panties began to rub against her uncomfortably. (I have bigger things to worry about… like some dude wanting to suck my blood.) Nikki rolled her eyes at the thought. Still, she kept glancing back and forth to make sure no one would jump out and attack her.

The night was almost eerily quiet, everyone who stayed up for New Years was now asleep and Nikki was left wondering the silent darkness alone. She shivered again, this time due to fear. Nikki pulled her cardigan tighter over her as she hurried her pace. Each sound sent a pang of fear through her as she rushed to her house. By the time Nikki got to her block she was full on sprinting and only slowed when she reached her lawn where her porch light shone down on her.

Nikki cringed at the light. (Great, the parents are up.) She slumped and dragged herself up the porch and through the front door.

“Where were you?” Her father demanded before her eyes could adjust.

“A party dad.” Nikki sighed.

“At this hour young lady?” Her mom asked.

“And eleven, and twelve and one and two, but yeah this hour too.”

“Very funny. Let’s see how funny you think two weeks of being grounded are.”

“What? That’s not fair.”

“You could have been killed.” Her father cried.

“I could be killed by a jet liner crashing into my room every night. This isn’t a big deal! I just went to

Mia’s New Year’s eve party! What’s the big deal? You like Mia.”

“It’s not a question of whether we like the girl whose party you sneak out to go to, it’s a question of your safety. You didn’t tell us where you were going you-“

Nikki cut her mother off. “If I told you, you wouldn’t have let me.”

“Exactly! You knew you weren’t supposed to go out.” Her mom replied.

“Big deal. Of course I can’t go out with my timid parents who are afraid of their own shadows. You don’t even stay up for New Year’s! You just go to sleep early like every night. You are so boring and dull!” Nikki yelled and with that she ran up to her room

Nikki’s mom attempted to follow but her father stopped her. “Careful, a jet airliner might crash into her room.”

I couldn't let her wet herself the first installment could I? Thanks for reading. Leave feedback, suggestions, critiques or comments below.

*002*2013-04-02 01:04

{{:

Brilliance I say! Brilliance! Bravo Mr. Secret! I cannot wait until the next installment of this Astonishing series!

}}

Thank you. I'm really glad you like it:)

*004*2013-04-02 01:35

{{:

I don't know if I like the fact that there's another Nikki out there...

Just kidding lol.

In all seriousness, this a well-written story. Good paragraph organization and flowing storyline makes this a nice read.

}}

Thanks, it means a lot that you think so :)

*008*2013-04-13 04:42

Day 2

A chill ran down Nikki’s back. She was quick to spin around, only to find herself standing on an empty street. Her eyes stared into the dim horizon granted by late dusk. A sudden tap on the shoulder and Nikki makes another twirl, only that time she was instead greeted by her friend Mia. Nikki immediately relax, despite prior paranoia.

“Hey, where did you come from?” Nikki asked.

Mia tilted her head slightly. “Uh… my mom?”

Nikki blinked a few times but suddenly lost her focus. Instead she found herself accompanying Mia as they walked down the usually busy street. Mia spoke to Nikki as they walked but her voice and message grew distant and mute. At a similar pace the street lights that cast a soft orange glow grew further and further apart. Finally Nikki was cast into near darkness, with only the moon to illuminate her path. She turned to Mia but was startled to see her evaporate into a fine mist.

Nikki froze as she found herself standing in an ocean of fog utterly alone in near complete darkness. She shivered despite the lukewarm night. Her eyes shifted around as she spun slowly on the heel of her right foot. Nikki’s eyes went wide when she saw a lone man maybe twenty meters away. His body was draped in a black cloak, ruffled black hair hung to his chin, a pale white face drew back in a sneer. The man possessed a pair of fangs dripping with some sort of dark liquid.

Nikki suddenly grew aware of a dull ache in her bladder. She trembled, partly from desperation, partly from fear, she awkwardly crossed her legs as her eyes grew fixated on the man’s glowing red eyes. The eyes seemed to grow in intensity as if his eye sockets were kindling a flame from smoldering embers to a roaring inferno. Simultaneously the moon darkened as it was eclipsed by a thicket blanket of clouds.

The man charged forward in a sudden burst of aggression. Nikki trembled, she willed herself to flee but her legs remained frozen on the spot. As the two red balls of lights approached Nikki felt like a deer caught in the headlights. Finally as the man drew near she managed to turn and run.

Nikki’s legs felt like jelly and threatened to give out as she fled from the man. Despite his superior speed and head start Nikki managed to somehow extend the distance between herself and the monster. With legs that began to feel like a mixture of jello and lead she dashed for a small proximity of light belonging to another street lamp.

With each step Nikki felt her legs regain strength, no longer wobbly they began to develop a new problem. Suddenly her legs began to grow heavy again. The frantic girl felt as if she was running through a wave of water, so close to reaching her destination but her tired muscles began to prevent her from ever reaching it. Finally, submitting to death Nikki spun around expecting to find the monster on her heels.

The area was empty. Nikki was standing in a small circle of light. She stepped away from where the monster once was and bumped into something. She frantically leaped away to discover the lamp post. She laughed softly, feeling silly yet still terrified. Her relief was short lived as a crack similar to a gunshot sent glass shattering upon her. The world went dark again, but only for a moment before Nikki was tackled to the ground and found herself gazing at bright red eyes.

Nikki awoke in cold sweat. She frowned at her nightmare, but the memory quickly faded away leaving her with bitter disappointed at being cheated out of a restful sleep. The raven haired girl bit her lip as she felt her full bladder begin to bulge. She grimaced but shut her eyes, trying to return to sleep.

Nikki began to squirm on her mates. She shut her eyes tighter as she tossed and turned, desperately trying to both keep dry and return to sleep. Nikki grabbed a sheet and shoved it between her legs along with both her hands in an attempt to relieve the pressure. Sweat began to form on her brow as her bladder began to scream for relief.

Her urethra began to burn and finally she decided to finally give up any hopes of returning to sleep. She groaned and sat up, the covers slipped off her revealing her grey nightie. The end of which tugged up slightly to reveal her bare butt and crotch. She winced at the sudden movement but prepared to abandon her bed when she noticed her phone.

Nikki grabbed her blinking device and flicked it on to find a text from Mia. She clicked on the notification to find a disturbing message from her blonde friend.

“Did you see Rachel’s bite?”

“No.” Nikki responded. She crossed her legs tightly further and tapped her foot as she waited for a reply.

“Check out this pic.” A response came a little bit later.

Nikki hesitated to open the message but her decision was made shortly after she found herself doubling over in pain. She winced and quickly checked the message. A gruesome image greeted her.

Her friend’s arm took up the majority of the image, the most noticeable feature was the ugly shade of purple engulfing most of her bicep. The point of origin was made obvious by the nearly black swollen lump. Nikki cringed and tossed her phone away. She gagged and felt a drop of urine slip from her urethra.

Nikki’s eyes went wide as she imagined a repeat of the previous night. Not wanting another close call Nikki leaped to her feet. She soon realized her mistake as a cold jolted her foot. She cringed and a droplet of urine began to cascade down her shapely thigh. She winced and rushed to the bathroom. Her eyes began to water from the pain of her swollen bladder.

Nikki charged into the bathroom, only to find the sight of a toilet send a wave of utter desperation throughout her bladder. Hot pee began to leak from her burning urethra and gush down her thigh once more as she rushed to the toilet and slammed her bare butt on the seat. She let out a loud sigh and slumped in relief. Once the golden stream began to splatter into the water below she allowed herself to dread her saturated leg as the rest of her bladder emptied itself.

Once she ran empty Nikki quickly discarded her grey nightie and clambered into the shower. Within a few seconds hot water began to pour down her bare body. She sighed once more as she began to appreciate the sensation of a different kind of warm liquid cascade down her body.

Not too long later Nikki found herself dressed in a black yoga leggings, a long sleeve purple shirt that fit her form quite nicely and a pair of brown uggs. Nikki smiled at her appearance as she brushed her hair and applied a touch of makeup before slipping out of the house undetected by her absent parents. Nikki slipped her phone between her boots and leg before leaving for a taste of freedom,

At the back of her mind Nikki was aware of the repercussions for bailing on her grounding, but she brushed them off in search of entertainment for her last day of winter break. Nikki watched as small flurries of snow billowed to the ground. She smiled and shivered slightly as she abandoned her prison and set off towards the local town diner.

An hour later Nikki was picking at the last couple fries that had previously accompanied a cheeseburger. She sighed and realized she had little choice other than to return home. She took one last sip of her milkshake before she noticed a nurse enter the diner, still dressed in blue scrubs. She was clearly stressed from something.

Nikki listened as she described her day to the cashier. “…And people kept coming in with these awful bite wounds. The doctors all think that it’s a case of rabies, but there has been two cases of rabies since 2003 here. It’s a little jarring to imagine a sudden outbreak in the virus.”

Nikki returned her thoughts to Rachel’s bite. She cringed at the thought and decided it was best for her to return home. She left a tip and quickly left the diner. Nikki’s stomach lurched as she began her walk home. No matter what she tried she couldn’t find a way to distract her train of thought from the new pandemic.

Nikki did, find a distraction however. A man in a torn jacket ambushed her on the sidewalk. “It’s all a lie!” He screamed at the poor girl.

Nikki tried to back away but he grabbed her arm with an iron grip. “They are saying it’s rabies but it’s something worse. It’s a epidemic! They infected us with a disease to test a biological weapon! It’s chemical warfare.” Nikki recoiled and noticed an ugly swollen bite mark on his arm.

Nikki struggled and finally broke free. She wasted no time in sprinting back to her house.

This chapter is pretty short and not all that interesting... but not a lot happens on the second day. Day five is when things get really exciting; however, I aim to bring some zombie action in the next chapter.

*010*2013-04-15 01:37

{{:

Woah! This is awesome. The desperation is top notch, I can really feel Nikki's urgency. The gradual build-up to the zombies works really well, too. It really feels like a zombie story. Great work.

}}

Thanks, I'm really glad you like it:)

*013*2013-05-16 23:36

Ok, I just wanted to say I'm not giving up on this story. I have some of the next chapter already written but I don't want to post it because it's rather short. Adversely, I'm not sure what to do next. So I'm hoping for some help brainstorming?

*016*2013-05-29 23:47

Snow crunched beneath the soles of white tennis shoes as a blonde girl jogged down the sidewalk in the early hours of dawn. Wisps of her breath billowed before her as the icy air burned her throat. Nevertheless she continued her routine exercise as she neared a wall of trees that lined the outskirts of the suburbs.

The young woman stopped as the sound of pained groans reached her ears. She shivered slightly, but brushed it off as the cold. Her eyes surveyed the woods to her left until the fell upon a figure huddled near a tree trunk. The jogger found herself staring at the dark figure as her own breath obscured her view; not that there was much to see, the twilight of morning provided little light.

She hesitated before moving forwards slowly. She opened her mouth to call out but her voice caught in her throat and she simply moved forward. The crunching of snow must have alerted the figure because it moved to look at her.

The girl gave a weak smile and waved, stopping in her tracks. “Hi-“ Her eyes focused on a blood splatter, clashing across the pristine white snow. “Oh my God!” She cried. “Are you OK?” She asked, hesitating to move forward.

She was answered by a low guttural growl. She cringed at the sound and froze. “W-what?” She asked, not sure what else to say.

The figure slowly rose to its feet revealing a pale white face. Dark bags surrounded his eyes and blood stained his face. His eyes reflected an insane rage as grimaced in anger, his tongue managing to peek between his nearly clenched teeth. He snarled before barreling towards the girl.

She found herself paralyzed in fear for a moment as he charged her. Her legs trembled as she felt like a deer caught in headlights. She could only stare as the man tackled her to the ground. She was shocked from her stupor as her body slammed to the cold ground. The attacker bit into her shoulder.

She screamed as she struggled from his grasp. She managed to twist to her side, bringing him with her. She cringed as she stared at his face, mad with insanity. She kneed him in his groin as he attempted to bite at her once again. His grasp loosened slightly but not enough for her to break free. She kept fighting and thrashing as she grew aware of blood pouring from her shoulder. She screamed for help but knew it hopeless.

Nikki was torn from her dreams by the blare of her alarm clock. She groaned as she deactivated the alarm and slipped from her bed. She slowly lowered her feet till they met the cold floor. She gave herself a moment to adjust before moving towards the bathroom. She quickly went through her typical morning ritual and arrived at the bus stop dressed in skin tight khaki’s and a red polo shirt that unbuttoned showed a decent amount of cleavage. Her sneakers tapped the cement impatiently as she waited for her bus.

Finally the yellow monstrosity screeched to a halt in front of her. The door slid open, inviting her in. She sighed and climbed up the steps and navigated the narrow walkway until she found Mia. The blonde girl waved her over. Nikki accepted the invitation and sat next to her on the uncomfortable seat.

“How’s it going?” Nikki asked glumly.

Mia shrugged. “It’s… going.” She shrugged. “First day back at school and I already recontracted senioritis.” Mia grumbled as she leaned against the window and stared at the house speed by.

“I know what you mean. But at least your prison sentence ends every afternoon at three. I get solitary confinement.” She mumbled.

“Oh, right you got grounded. Tough luck.” Mia frowned sympathetically.

“Uh huh.” Nikki groaned and slumped in her seat.

“So… I put this off for a while… I saw you doing the potty dance outside my bathroom at the party… were you the one who left me a puddle?” She asked lightly.

Nikki blushed. “No, definitely not. I did have the misfortune of stepping in the puddle though.”

“Whatever you say.” Mia smirked as she gazed out the window.

“You walked me to the door!” Nikki accused. “You saw my DRY legs.”

“You wore dark jeans.” Mia pointed out.

“I didn’t wet myself.” Nikki grumbled.

“Relax, I’m just messing with you.” Mia chuckled as she turned to face her friend.

“So… have you talked to Rachel since the party?”

“No, why?”

“She has some massive fever. She claims that she is going to die or something.”

Nikki winced. “She’s been having all sorts of tough luck lately.” She muttered.

“I feel like shit for letting that douche into my party. He gave like ten people the same ugly bite. I’m just glad they don’t sue me or something.”

“Could they do that?”

“Maybe.” Mia shrugged. “I like science stuff, not legal stuff.”

“Maybe you should study up on laws so you don’t get busted for your next party.”

“I don’t think I’m ever going to host another party after this.”

“Calm down. It’s not your fault Dracula showed up to your party… well I guess you had to have invited him in...”

“That’s not funny” Mia mumbled.

Nikki frowned at Mia’s solemn composure but said nothing more as they traveled onto school.

The first day back at school was fairly dull and easy. No assignments were given out, thankfully, all that occurred was getting resituated to the schedule of school.

Nikki sighed in bittersweet relief as she emerged from the confines of school and strayed from the line of buses. Instead she chose to walk to her house, a few moments of utter freedom from the confines of any sort of prison.

Nikki regretted that decision as she stumbled upon the scene at the woods. A crowd gathered around a series of police cars and a single ambulance. Nikki jogged just as a body bag was hoisted into the cab.

“What happened?” She demanded. “A person… was eaten alive.” Someone answered.

“W-what?” She asked, but received no answer. She found herself staring at the tail lights of a fleeting ambulance.

*019*2013-05-30 01:46

{{:

Patience my dribbling friend. Patience. Unlike High School Of The Dead, Omo's story actually has a build up. There's nothing like a good old, classic zombie epidemic.

}}

{{:

This is really getting interesting. I wonder how people will realise its an apocalypse.

}}

Trust me, I'm anxious to write the zombie apocalypse aspect myself. Luckily Things will pick up pretty soon.

*021*2013-05-30 21:39

{{:

Ohh I'm excited! Great part.

Also, when her friend asks, "how's it going?" On the bus, I find it funny how she replies, " it's going," because that's how I always reply to my friends. :]

}}

Thanks, I'm surprised people enjoyed this installment. I thought it was lacking a bit, glad you enjoyed it.

*024*2013-05-31 21:04

{{:

I like the story so far. is there any chance some of these nightmares will cause her to wet the bed, or would that be too obvious?? also just wondering will there be messing at any stage in the story??

}}

I've been thinking about a couple bed wetting scenes, so perhaps in the future:). As for the messing, while I typically do include it into my omorashi stories I doubt there will be any messing in this story.

