Kidnapped

Author: Astolfosuki

*000*2013-02-09 02:29

Author note/fair warning: Let's start with, this is my first attempt are fanfic. I have written stories before, but they fail miserably, mainly due to the fact that I suck at writing and that grammar is my subject. Therefore if you're looking for a good, highly detailed story, with good wetting, then can you please go back to surfing the fanfic or wetting experience section. As I have said this is my first attempt at this, so there is no wetting, since I don't want to waste my time, when no one is going to like my story anyways.

Warning: Really boring, and poor description, some grammar mistakes, please tolerate if you are going to read this story. Please enjoy:

It isn’t the most pleasant day for Kamy. Kamy is a normal sixteen year old, sophomore. She has long light brown that hang down her shoulder, reaching the lower part of her back. Her height is about five feet four inch, and she have a really cute face that accompany her child like body, in which some places are still awaiting a their grow spurt. Kamy is really popular among the boys and girls.

However, Kamy’s shy personality took a toll on her, preventing her from interacting with other circle of people. She like staying in the back ground, without interacting with anyone, if she is a in a crowd she can easily blend in, but by herself, almost everyone is struck by her cute features.

Like any normal day, Kamy attended school, without much surprise nothing special happened. Soon they were dismissed. It was fall, but it was a warm afternoon, with the sun shining over head. Almost everyone was outside spending their last bit time in the sun before the cold harsh winter come. Suddenly a cold chilly swept through, chilling Kamy to the bones. The wind was cool and comfortable, but it brought an uneasy feeling, as if warning Kamy that is something is about to happen.

Kamy slowly walk on the familiar road along the forest of beautiful cherry blossom trees. The pink flower petals were floating slowing to the ground; it was as if it was snowing. Yet instead of white there is a soft patch of pink everywhere. Soon Kamy was capture in the beauty of the scene.

Suddenly Kamy feel her body getting heavy, and black dots getting into her vision, all she want do to be lie down and sleep Kamy’s leg went numb as she close conscious, and she was falling to the ground. But she never reached it, because the man in black, who drugged her, catches her. He took Kamy down to the black, and once Kamy was secured inside, he drove off at full speed.

###

Thank you very much for reading my story, and going out of your way to read my boring story, if you are reading my note right now. If you have read this story, please give me comments on how I can change to make it better, Thank You.

###

*002*2013-02-09 06:34

Thanks for the encouragement, but was it really boring? And is it even worth continuing?

*007*2013-02-13 01:37

Here is chapter 2, another short chapter. No wetting, because the wetting is at the end of chapter 3, and never found the time to type up that chapter yet. Might contain some grammar mistakes since I only proof read it once, please bare with it, Thank you.

###

Chapter 2

Kamy sheepishly open eyes and she’s afraid of what kind of situation she was in. Even though, her vision has come back, it was still too blurry to make out her surroundings. Her throat was stone, and her lips were like they are about to crack to leak all the red blood. Causing her lip to look rosy red, like she was wearing lip sticks.

Suddenly it all came back to her. She was drugged and she blacked out. ‘Then what happen. Why am I here? More importantly why am I brought here?’ Her thoughts got more frantic, and she starts to shiver, as her small body is filled with fear.

“Ah, My Lady, you have finally waked up. It’s completely normal for you to be surprise, but I can assure you, that you won’t get hurt as you as you corporate.” Kamy turn her toward the voice, and saw a man in the corner. The man himself didn’t stand out particularly, but the exposed skin of his face, neck and hands was so pale white that they are almost the exact same color as his silver white hair.

‘He must have some kind of skin cancer, or problems. Because there is no way a normal human’s skin can go as pale as that.’ She thought to herself without the courage to say it out load. The man was wearing sunglass, tuxedo jacket, with a black t-shirt that can be seen under, black jeans and dark black combat boots.

Kamy can easily tell this man wasn’t someone to mess up and the best thing to do was just sit there and wait for fate to be determined. She soon lost track of how much time she have been since was kidnapped, but she was hoping that her parents would come and save her really soon. Soon her eyes feels heavy and she drifted off to sleep. She has a good dream.

The man look at kamy’s sleeping face, she have a smile that shows she was having a good dream. ‘If only that smile will just belong to me alone. But guess that is impossible, since she is the boss. But at least I have this little time to play with. You better hold up, because you are nowhere close to be out of this mess yet.’ The man thought to himself, and smile slowly creeps across his face as he look at Kamy’s sleeping face. Thinking what he can do with her.

