A day in the sauncuary (Mortal Kombat FF)

Author: Mark_Twain

*000*2012-10-20 16:10

Chapter 1: Kitana

(in this alternate universe kitana does not die-only badly wounded by sindel, I don't not own the Mortal kombat series)

It had been 9 months since Shao kahns defeat in earth realm at the hands of the Elder Gods. Kitana remembered the horrors he had struck down upon the realms, nearly destroying earthrealm and Kitana herself. However Shao Kahn was not the end of evil, as the wicked sorcerer Quan-chi had indeed been in league with Shinnok and had plotted to take over both the outworld and earthrealm for themselves. After discovering this dark scandal Radon and johnny cage traveled to outworld to request that other warriors join them in there plight against darkness. Kitana had opted to stay in earthrelm, along with Sonya, just in case Ouan-chi tried something.

This was perfect for Kitana however because today she was feeling a little naughty. She had recalled a memeory one day while mourning her lost friends and then remembered something that had happened to her old friend Jade while they were on an assassination attempt for the fiend Shao Khan. She didn't remember a whole lot other than Jade's desperation and eventual explosion had turned her on so much and left her panting many nights after. Just recalling this made kitana start to reach for her area before she scolded herself and removed her hand. But still Jade's accident looked fun to Kitana and she had wanted to try this for herself for many years but never had the time. Leaping out of the monastery bed she ventured down stairs for some breakfast with Syonna. At the table she told Syonna that she wished to be left alone for most of the day today.

"why is that"? Syonna asked

"well I was planning on training today so that I can better protect myself from the coming battle with Quan-chi". Kitana stated

Looking a little dejected Syonna agreed to stay in the monastery for the day today. Following suit with what she told Syonna, Kitana left to her quarters and dawned her skimpy blue battle clothing. "Yes" she said to herself "This will do just fine to wet myself in" she smiled thinking about the dirty deed she was going to commit. She then did a fake desperation dance by placing her hands between her crotch and swaying her perfectly formed rear from right to left, and tossing her streamlined, jet black hair to the right over her corresponding shoulder, then bounced her knees twice. With a cute laugh she grappled her deadly fans and lept over the porch railing and on to the soft green grass below.

There was a fountain in front of her and a lone pink leaved tree with each leaf doing loops before tumbling to the ground. Kitana noted how far she had jumped down, it must have been at least a eight foot drop the the ground. Taking two handfuls of water from the luxurious fountain for drinking, then thinking

"Yes this is the spot where I shall release my fluids, that tree will be the exact place. I didn't go this morning and if I drink enough of this water my desperation will quickly come about "

Kitana placed her mask around her mouth and proceeded to practice her fighting skills.

After no more than two hours of practice Kitana estimated that her bladder was about a quarter full, but she was tired from her training and sat on the rim of the fountain removed her mask and once again drank deeply from the expensive fountain.

"At this rate I'll never burst" she thought

Placing her mask back on to her face Kitana then continued down a cobblestone path that would lead her on about a two hour four acre walk around the peaceful sanctuary in the forest. After all no matter how dirty she acted she still was here for a reason.

An hour past before Kitana started to notice that her bladder was sending her signals that it was filling, but not too full yet.

"Good" Kitana thought "my desperation will be here in just a hour or two"

She walked with the same princess swagger she always had, her well-made behind swayed back in forth almost fully exposed in her battle outfit. It was only covered by the small blue thong that rode up her rounded moons and extended around her waist and connected to her neither region and the top to a flowing regal dress- like article of clothing. Kitana told herself that she would have to move this out of the way if she wanted to avoid Sonya getting suspicious. (plus she wanted to observe her own urine stream)

By now she had actually started to get desperate and she wasn't even done with her walk yet. Kitana stated to press her legs together as this new feeling of urgency washed over her. As the sanctuary came back into view Kitana felt another feeling over take her and forced her to stop in her tracks and squeeze her legs together once again. She felt a little turned on already and started to imagine scenarios in which she would ask to use the bathroom but always be declined.

"Please master I have finished my training may I please use the bathroom?"

She said to herself, then imaged a negative answer.

"ok I'll try to hold on" she "responded"

The lone tree and fountain soon appeared and Kitana smiled beneath her mask

"Showtime" she thought

Her desperation had grown to the point where she had to stop and cross her legs and sway her hips about. She hoped that Sonya was not looking out a window as she would see Kitana: the Edenia princess desperate like a little girl. She now estimated her bladder was at about seventy-five percent filled and had begun to fidget and hold herself. As her desperation grew her bladder felt like a rock in the pit of her abdomen, Kitana slowly hopped and hobbled over to her tree spot she had decided on previously. Not visible by any window in the sanctuary this was the perfect spot to preform the act of relieving herself. Halfway to the tree Kitana stopped and took a short intake of breath as she felt a few drops escape her forbidden sport. Standing with her legs slightly arched forward her panties became a little moist.

As she ventured over to her spot she leaked little spurts out and into her blue panties. Sliding the vail that covered her thong (now with a slight dark patch on it) she looked down upon her panties and decided that now was the time, with her left arm wrapped around the tree and her right arm at a one-hundred-eighty degree angle as it to gripped the tree trunk. She was full and ready to start the fun.

It felt like she stopped all body processes for a moment as Kitana relaxed her bladder muscles and prepared for what was about to happen next. She watched as her panties darkened and a clear liquid burst out of the fabric and made a water-hitting-grass sound. As her panties darkened she could feel it pool in her thong and start to fall out the back where there was no clothing and begun to fall like rain, darkening the tree trunk and splashing on the ground as well. Kitana was in pure ecstasy she felt so naughty and bad as she; a decorated war hero and princess of Edenia was wetting herself like a little schoolgirl. Her heart rate jumped though the roof and she began to rub herself as her stream finally died down, then went back to a short jolt of a stream and eventually subsided.

Kitana elicited a soft moan of pleasure and satisfaction as she observed the damage done to her panties and the outline of her virgin area was clearly visible. She then slid her vial back over her saturated thong and wondered how to get inside the sanctuary and change into other clothes. Sneaking though the quarters was much easer than she had originally thought as Sonya had gone out to observe the view on the deck. Another urge of relive came over her as she snuck into her quarters and bent over. Instead of holding her urine in again Kitana decided to release her liquid though her panties once again. In this bent over stance the pent up fluid found its way out the back of her panties and on to the floor in a jetting stream.

When Kitana had changed into her other clothes she replayed what just happened in her mind over and over again until she reached the peak of pleasure. She then felt tired and lay her head on the pillow ready to nap for a couple of hours, completely un-aware of what was to come between her and Syonna later that day.

So what did you guys think, I want to hear your ideas about tis story! Keep in mind this is my first try so I'm open to all corrections and story critiques, hope you enjoyed! Next story will come out within a few weeks.

*004*2012-10-24 00:28

Still coming up with an idea for the second chapter, but I was thinking of just a Syonna one then chapter 3 would be both of them. Then perhaps a 4th one that revisits Jade, who was quickly mentioned here.

