Story from a Belgian writer

Author: Wardrobe24

*000*2011-04-16 18:29

All credit for this story goes to Skaat, a member on the Skymouse forums some time ago. He wrote a huge amount of stories, all in Dutch and very good. This is my translation of the first one. If you enjoy it, I could see my way to translating the others too, or posting the Dutch versions if anyone is interested.

###

Amber awoke with a jolt in the middle of the night. She'd just had a terrible nightmare, probably because she'd been watching a horror movie that night with her younger sister Evy. Although Amber didn't like those things that much, Evy enjoyed scaring her. Tonight had been a very good opportunity, since their partens were not at home, and the dark rooms and corridors of the house were a bit frightening. Even so much in fact, that even though she had to pee, Aber hadn't gone to the bathroom after the movie, because it would have meant going to bed alone - something she'd now been able to do along with Evy.

Which had not turned out well, apparently; carefully, Amber moved her trembling finger over her cotton panties, and sniffed it. The sighed, relieved - it was only sweat, from the scary dreams she'd had. Still, she remained trembling under the sheets, partially getting a grip on herself from the panic, but mostly because she was struggling with an overfull bladder. Frantically she rubbed her thighs together and looked around, but she saw only darkness. She cursed lowly under her breath. She really didn't dare go to the toilet on her own, but if she didn't, she'd probably wet the bed.

"This is ridiculous", Amber mused, "I'm bloody eighteen years old, those things don't happen to me anymore!"

She decided to just hold it, and laid herself down comfortably. Trying not to pay attention to her urge, she closed her eyes and relaxed. Immediately, she felt a warm sensation between her legs; she jammed both hands firmly into her crotch. Her undies felt distinctly more moist then before, but luckily the sheets were still dry. It had only been a small leak. Amber now didn't dare let go of her crotch anymore, and starting fidgeting around. She curled her toes and bit her lip; she was now sure that, if she didn't go to the bathroom NOW, it'd be in the bed. Now her eyes were getting used to the dark,she could make out her sister Evy in the bed across the room. Amber would never dare go to the toilet on her own, but with Evy with her, she might just make it.

"Evy", Amber whispered, "Evy, are you awake?"

Evy was in all aspects the opposite of Amber. Where Amber was a calm, shy girl, the seventeen year old Evy was a rebellious scallywag. It was because of that, that she enjoyed seeing horror movies, not because she liked them herself, but because Amber barely dared looking half the time.

"I am now", Evy answered drowsily, "what's up?"

Amber contemplated what to say, but decided that owning up that she had to pee was better then wetting her bed.

"I really have to use the bathroom", she admitted a bit shy, "but I daren't go on my own... can't you just come with me?"

Evy loughed out loudly. Amber blushed scarlet, and re-crossed her legs under the sheets.

"You dare not go take a pee?", Evy giggled. "I know someone who's going to have a wet bed soon..."

"Never mind then", Amber sneered, "I'll just hold it till tomorrow."

Evy giggled a bit more, but Amber was in real trouble. She rubbed her crotch and pressed her thighs together. She knew perfectly well that she could never hold it that long.

Then Amber had an idea. When she'd leaked a bit just then, it had relieved a bit of the pressure. Maybe if she let go a bit more, she might make it till dawn. Amber let go of her crotch and shook as she spread her legs; immediately, she felt a cascade between them. A torrent hit her panties and dribbled between her cheeks. She nearly panicked as she noticed she couldn't stop it; she crossed her legs again and grabbed her crotch. Pressing her labia together, she managed to stop the flood, but she felt that her panties were soaked, as was part of the matrass she was sitting on. She moaned desperately - there she was, eighteen years old, in a wet bed, and she still had to go badly!

"What's it this time?", asked an annoyed Evy, "pissed your pants, have you?"

"No", lied Amber, sobbing, "but I can't hold any longer, I really have to get to the bathroom."

"It's allright, you crybaby", Evy sighed, "I'll take you to the toiler. Should I hold your hand as well, or can you manage to take it with you by yourself?"

What Amber didn't know, however, was that her sister was in fact just as scared by horror movies as she was. That was why Evy hadn't gone to the bathroom either before going to bed, and now naturally her bladder filled to the brim - and laughing that hard just there hadn't exactly helped. Carefully Evy got her bare feet out of the bed, and onto the cold floor. She was wearing a small top, so the cold nightly air was working on her belly as well. With her thighs pressed firmly together, she trotted to the light switch, where she stood as casually as she could - she didn't want her older sister to know that she had to pee badly as well.

Then she turned on the chamber ligts. Amber got awkwardly out of her bed; she was wearing white woolen socks, meaning she wasn't bothered by the cold floor, but she subtly pulled the long t-shirt in which she slept over her wet panties. All the time, she kept holding her crotch with one hand, knowing that letting it go would literally be letting it go. She was shaking on her legs when Evy walked up to her. She'd thought she'd heard some hissing before, and also seen a bit of a glitter on her sisters panties. In one rapied movement, she pulled Amber's sheets aside.

"Aha!", she exclaimed, "I knew it! You've pissed in your bed!"

"Only a little", Amber said defensively, "it was a small accident, ok? But if I'm not on a toilet quickly, it will be a big one!"

Amber was dancing from her need, and it was getting too much for Evy now too. Especially now she was laughing at her sisters accident, she had to put a hand to her crotch and cross her legs, not to lose control of her own bladder.

"You have to go to.", Amber noticed. "Come one, let's go."

"I'm not the one who's wet her bed", Evy said cheerfully, though still holding her crotch. Amber carefully danced to the bedroom door and opened it; the bathroom was only a few steps from their room, just at the other end of the corridor. She stepped into the dark, but was passed by Evy - her face said that, even though she wanted to tease Amber, her bladder demanded that she got to the toilet first.

Both girls had the same thought when they entered the hallway: the part in the horrormovie where the undead murderer had assaulted the hero had been in a hallway just like this.

"What are you waiting for?", Evy asked nervously, "come one, I really have to go!"

Then she heard it too - footsteps on the stairs. Someone was ascending the stairs at the other end of the hall. One of the steps creaked ominously, and Evy felt a little spurt go into her panties. Just as she jammed both her hands between her legs, a flash of lightning from outside lit up a huge, looming figure on the stairs, casting a huge shadow on the wall. For Amber, this was the last straw. First her panties filled up, then her cupped hands, then it went down her thighs into her socks. Little drops splattered onto her knees and joined the downward flow. She spread her feet a little, and her pee trickled onto the floor. The pattering noise proved too much for Evy, who felt more and more leaks as she stumbled backwards.

Then the figure on the stairs switched on the lights, and the girls looked right in the face of their father, who'd just come home to see both of his daughters standing there, flooding the floor.

*005*2011-04-18 08:38

@Ranpalan, it's tricky for me too, keeping track of what's happening with different character names, but "Elsje" is already hard to pronounce in English (that's the original Dutch name of Amber), and looking at the other stories, I can't write a stories about a girl named "Joke" and remain serious:p So I'll have to find her a different name too.

