Lana's dilemma (Smallville)

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-09-14 01:09

This would take part in a possible story line after season ten in which Lana removes the kryptonite infected super suit.

Lana roused from her sleep a few minutes before her alarm was designated to wake her. Beating it to the punch she disarmed the alarm before sitting up on the mattress of her hotel. Even without her bra her breasts retained their youthful perkiness from her highschool days. Her tan skin seemed to glow in the low light of the street lights just out of her window. She brushed her dark hair from her face before rubbing sleep from her eyes. She dangled her legs off of the mattress for a few minutes, trying to motivate herself to remain awake at four in the morning.

Finally she managed to throw the covers from her lap and rise to her feet, revealing her lacy pink panties as she made her way to the bathroom. She stripped the skimpy underwear from her body and tossed it to the floor before climbing into the shower and running the hot water. She scrubbed her body with the measly hotel toiletries as best as she could.

She didn't waste much time in the shower, quickly shutting if off once she was clean, and dried herself off. She strolled out of the steamy room and too her suitcase. She pulled on black, lingerie style bra and panties, tight skinny jeans and a form fitting black v-neck. She slipped on high heels before packing everything and going to check out. Soon she was in a cab heading towards a Paris airport to catch her flight back to Metropolis Illinois.

She strolled through the gates of the airport only to find her flight had been delayed. She found herself stuck in the airplane as they waited for the weather to clean up. Meanwhile she was forced to remain seated until the flight would be in the air, she had no idea how long that would be so she simply sipped one of the three bottles of water as she awaited the take off. The smell of the obese man to her right was beginning to become overwhelming by the time the airplane was finally "OK'd" for take off.

Lana sighed in relief as they began to gain altitude. "Just eight more hours." She muttered under her breath as she drifted off back to sleep. She wasn't sure what time it was when she awoke but her bladder was throbbing and the smelly man to her right was fast asleep. Upon glancing to her left she noted it was bright outside and they were above land. She assumed they were at least in the United States, hopefully.

She hoped they would also be near her destination because her bladder was in agony and it would be impossible to escape her window seat from her position. However, with her seat neighbor unconscious she allowed herself to grasp her crotch area as her legs bounced rapidly. Eventually she was able to release her grasp of her bladder and relax slightly. She wrapped her legs around each other tightly and curled her toes, leaning back. Occasionally she pressed against her lap, but for the most part she was able to look calm.

An hour later and she was biting her lip lightly, her legs trembling as they remained tightly wrapped together, beads of sweat forming on her brows and her urethra was burning. She remained hunched over as she tried to unbutton her jeans to relieve the pressure in her bladder. A short hiss was barely audible as a spurt freed itself, dampening her panties. She tensed up and blushed brightly for a moment, but quickly regained her composure and loosened the tightness of her jeans. She leaned back again but only for a moment.

There was a loud ding as the seat belt symbol blinked on.

"Great." Lana groaned, fastening the device around her waist, the pressure making itself apparent, immediately. She squirmed as she tried to cut the pressure on her abdomen. Meanwhile the flight attendant quickly scurried over to Lana's "neighbor".

"You could have at least woken him." She said bitterly as Lana's nose was assaulted by the intoxicating smell of to much floral perfume. Lana reeled back as another spurt soaked her panties and left a small stain on her crotch.

"Sorry." She said meekly.

The attendant said nothing as the click of the man's seat belt seemed to announce the arrival of turbulence. The flight attendant was bucked backwards while Lana lost another spurt of warm urine. She tensed up as she seemed to bounce about in her seat while the attendant struggled to her feet.

"Everyone remain seated, we are just experiencing a little bit of turbu-" She face planted as a particularly harsh bit of turbulence caused the plane to buck violently. A few people chuckled, while Lana spasmed slightly, leaking into her panties giving her jeans a coaster sized stain on her crotch. The man to her right finally roused in a slight panic. Mod mentality seemed to set in and soon various passengers began to freak.

In good reason it seemed. The plane began to get tossed through the air as Lana subsequently spurted rapidly into her panties before a roar erupted before the plane seemed to snap in half. The screams were deafening as the plane lost it's pressurized atmosphere and any loose object was shot into the sky as the passengers lurched in every which direction. And then the seat belts began to fail, they tore with a loud rip and various passengers were released into the sky.

Amidst the chaos Lana's bladder erupted as hot pissed soaked her jeans and a stream of light yellow liquid seemed to fly past her as the plane plummeted. Lana screamed as her neighbor was ripped from his seat in a panic. It seemed like she was the last passenger in her half of the plane as it fell out of the sky. Her seat belt tore as well and she was torn from her seat and she was in the sky falling away from the metal shell. Her scream was shrill as she continued to pee herself, and then her body shuddered as it stopped suddenly.

She opened her eyes to find herself in the arm's of her love, Clark Kent.

"Clark..." She said softly.

"Lana?... It's ok, you're safe now." He said, not bringing to attention the warm downfall of pee as it cascaded from her butt, some of it seeping into his blue suit. He descended to the ground slowly, all of the passengers now safe.

*002*2012-09-14 17:19

{{:

Thank you for another great story.

}}

Thanks for your review:)

*004*2012-09-14 18:20

{{:

Thanks for another great smallville story..i loved it :)

}}

You're very welcome:) Glad you liked it

