Kim possible stories 2.0

Author: omofan77

*000*2013-12-18 20:39

This is a new thread for stories revolving around Kim Possible characters. Anyone can post or suggest stories here. I will start with a series of one shots about Kim and Ron.

At 5 years old

Kim Possible at kindergarten walked across the playground feeling uncomfortable. She had to use the bathroom, but was too shy to ask the teacher. As she thought about fixing her problem, she saw her new friend Ron. He looked as uncomfortable as she was. Suspecting he had the same situation, and thinking about sharing her plan with someone she could trust, she went up to him.

"It's ok," said Kim. "I know you need the bathroom, just like me."

"You to?" asked Ron. "Why don't you just ask?"

"Why don't you?" replied Kim. There was a moment of understanding between them. They both had the same reason. "Want some help?" asked Kim. "What do you mean?" asked Ron. "I think I know how to fix this. I have an idea, but you can't tell anyone." Ron agreed, and Kim told him her idea. "That's impossible," said Ron. "We'll be seen."

"Nothing's impossible for a Possible. I walked around. There's a blind spot between 2 windows. If we get against the wall, the teacher can't see us. All we have to do is walk over there without being noticed."

"How are you so smart?" asked Ron. "My parents said this happens when a rocket scientist and brain surgeon have kids."

The first part went smoothly. As they neared the spot, they sometimes stopped and walked in a different direction for a moment. With the other kids running around and playing, no one noticed them. When the teacher looked away from the window, Kim darted behind the bush and with lightning reflexes, pulled Ron through. They were in between the windows and couldn't see in, so one know could see out. She pushed Ron down a bit, until they couldn't see the playground, which Kim knew meant no one there could see either. As Ron stood crouched over, Kim said, "I know boys like to stand, but maybe it'll be easier if you sit down."

Ron agreed and they both looked down, Ron sliding his shorts and underwear, Kim lifting her dress and moving her underwear away. They got on their knees and peed directly into the spot underneath them . They caught a quick glance at each other, but in the positions there were in, it was hard to tell who was the boy or girl. Afterward, they readjusted their clothes and noticed the spots they left. "I think they're the same size," they both said, and laughed. Kim crawled through first, pulled Ron through, and quickly blended into the area with the others, as though they were always there.

Later, when Kim and Ron couldn't be heard by anyone, Ron said, "That was fun. Want to do it again sometime?"

"Anytime you like," said Kim. They then knew they would be friends for life.

At 10 years old

Kim and Ron had a sleepover at Ron's house before Ron went to camp. Although it seemed to an ordinary sleepover, Kim had a special reason for it. She knew a fear Ron had, and was determined to make him overcome it before camp.

Ron woke up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom. He thought he could sneak out without waking Kim. But as he took a step, he tripped and saw a string around his leg and the other end around Kim, who was now awake. "You're not getting out of it that easily," she said, removing the string.

She took out her grappling hook, shot it out the window, tied it around a tree branch, grabbed Ron, and slid out to the yard. Once out, Kim took the hook down, and with Ron's parents still asleep, and everything locked, they were locked out, as Kim planned. "Maybe I can wait until morning at camp," said Ron. "What if you can't?" asked Kim. "Do you want to end up with a wet bed? I think going outside is better. I'm sure you won't want to walk far in the middle of the night. Just go outside and find a spot close by. I won't be there to help you there, so that's why we're here now."

Ron surrendered and faced the tree. After a moment, Kim noticed Ron was in the perfect position, but still couldn't go on the tree. Deciding to give Ron a little help, Kim took out a lip gloss holder, opened it, and cast it by Ron. Ron, too nervous, didn't notice the pink smoke rise, but soon felt pleasantly tired as the knock out gas hit him. Relaxing more easily, Ron could last let go and allowed the feeling of relief to wash over, and was dimly aware Kim watching. She didn't care. She was glad Ron was beginning to get over his fear. She had also come with another idea. Afterwards, Ron was dimly aware as Kim used her grappling hook to reach the windowsill, and pulled them back up.

Just before Ron left for camp, Kim gave him some final advice. "Just think about when we were younger and did this together, and you'll be fine." She gave him the canister full of knock out gas. "This will help you relax. But if you want, you can use it on your cabinmates and use their bed if they give you a hard time."

"How did you come up with that idea?" asked Ron. Kim laughed. "Can you think of a better way to get back at the tweebs when they're still young?"

At 16 years old

Being stuck in Ron's treehouse with a full bladder wasn't fun for Ron, and even more uncomfortable with Kim with him. When they decided to spend time together up there, Ron, the last one up, knocked over the ladder, and his parents wouldn't be back for hours.

Kim was aware of Ron's problem. She could of fixed this, but decided to reclaim something from their childhood they haven't done for some time. Beginning her plan she said, "Why don't you just go out the window? Really, I don't mind." Ron made no move. "You never minded when I was around before, and neither did I. I still don't today, so you shouldn't either. Besides, we were close then, and we're going out now, you don't have to hide anything from me."

"We're older and more mature," said Ron. "I am being mature by letting you do what you have to to feel better. Besides, do you want to grow up so fast? Why don't you just go out the window? Take your time."

As Ron felt he had no choice, he walked to the window. The front of his pants and underwear down, he tried to let go, but couldn't. Kim decided to help again in a new way. Sneaking up behind him, she jumped over him, feet on the top of the window, and upside down, kissed Ron on the lips. The shock caused Ron to let ago, urine shot out and hit the branch just outside.

Afterwards, Kim landed right side up in front of Ron. "Now that we've gotten over that fear, how about later we do what we used to do in kindergarten, with the positions we did then?" Ron agreed, and Kim pulled out her grappling hook and pulled them both to the ground.

THE END

*002*2013-12-19 03:12

So far, I haven't been able to stretch things out so much. I guess I could have made each story longer, but I had a hard time coming up with material that would have made each story longer. Right now, writing these short stories is easiest for me. If I can give others ideas for stories, or work with others to write stories, that's fine. I'm glad I could provide you with potential to make something of I've put here so far. Let me know when you have ideas for this thread.

*003*2014-01-24 20:20

I have been given a couple ideas for more stories. After much thought, I have decided to write stories that have no humiliation and very little of characters wetting themselves. Also, I'll only write stories with the kids and teenagers in the show (this also applies to my other topic stories.) If anyone wants to write and post any stories that have the things I mentioned here, they are allowed to. But I will only write what I feel comfortable with.

*004*2014-01-29 22:49

It started as another day. Kim met up with her cousin Joss on her ranch. Today Kim agreed to go on a walk with Joss. Joss, always having a strong admiration for Kim, started the day feeling anxious and acting a little clumsy. Still anxious and showing it, Kim made some tea and gave Joss some, hoping it would calm the nerves. Joss, excited to be given something by her favorite cousin, drank as much as she was offered. It did help her relax a bit.

The walk was a nice change of pace for Kim. It was nice to spend time to another girl and not worry about school or missions. Joss also enjoyed every moment being with Kim. She was sure nothing would interrupt their time together. However, Joss should felt pressure on her. She could feel the tea increasing her need for a bathroom. She tried to ignore it, but the pressure steadily built up after a few minutes. Finally, her bladder gave a sharp spasm and she gasped in pain.

"Are you alright?" asked Kim. "It's nothing," said Joss, trying to regain her composure. Kim could put 2 and 2 together. She remembered Joss drinking plenty of tea and was sure she didn't go to the bathroom before they left. Kim gave her an understanding look. "It's ok. I don't mind if you want to find a spot around here." But Joss didn't move. "Is something wrong?" asked Kim. Joss hesitated. "It's just that I'm afraid of going outside." A pause, then, "you're not laughing. I thought you would."

"Why?" asked Kim. "I don't think it's funny. I did think someone like you wouldn't have a problem with it, but it doesn't mean you have to be ok with it. It's alright if you don't want to go here. We can head back if you feel more comfortable there." Joss didn't want to inconvenience Kim by making her walk all the back for her. Also, this fear was becoming annoying. She wanted to be able to live without it as a real cowperson. "I want to try facing this," she said. "I guess this must be a silly thing to get over."

"No fear is silly," said Kim. "Everyone has something their afraid of, even if it seems no one else has it. You just have to not it let control everything about you."

Joss walked a short distance to a nearby tree. Once hidden, she pulled her pants down and nervously got into a comfortable position. "Wait," said Kim. "I'll go with you. It might it easier and you can try it on your own later." Kim copied Joss and managed to pee a little, not needing to go so much. The sound was overwhelming for Joss. She stopped holding and allowed a stream to flow onto the tree. As she listened to the soft sound and felt the pressure slowly lift, along with the comfort that someone she cared about was close by, she relaxed, letting the stream become louder and faster and allowed herself to enjoy the wonderful relief.

The rest of their day was just as enjoyable. Kim told Joss how she once had a similar fear and how she overcame it in a similar way. Joss felt honored to be compared to Kim in that way and to hear Kim saying she was amazed how Joss faced her fear, like Kim would.

The next day, they spent some more time together. Soon Joss walked off to try going to the bathroom on her own. As Joss got into the position, she wondered if there was a more easier way. Deciding to try experimenting, she stood, got into another position with legs spread out and arched over and found she could pee in front of her. Once she managed to keep aiming right, she relaxed and enjoyed watching her urine hit the ground and make a spot in front of her. Going outside was a lot easier now and looked forward to the next opportunity. Kim, having watched a bit, went back to wait, glad to be of help in a way she doesn't do often.

*005*2014-03-04 21:24

At the mall, Monique waited for break. When Kim came to take her place, Monique went out to rest for a short time. First, she decided to go to the bathroom. However, she noticed the bathroom was full. There was another bathroom, but Monique felt she wouldn't have time to walk there and back again before she had to return. But she felt she wouldn't make it to the end of the day. She thought about her options.

The boy's room? No, there would surely be people inside. She couldn't find a spot in her store. Noticing a plant by her store, she got an idea. Once it was Kim's turn for a break, Monique took the plant into the back of the store. In the dressing room, she pulled everything down and relaxed. A stream of urine hit the plant. Monique allowed herself to enjoy the feeling of relief. Finally, the stream slowed to drops then stopped. Pulling her pants up, Monique saw no one was around. She carried the plant outside and went back to work, acting as if nothing happened.

###

Bonnie, at school, felt the need for the bathroom. However, she felt she was too good for the public bathrooms everyone else had to use. It was time for some fun, she thought. Bonnie was determined to keep her secret to herself, for she secretly liked relieving herself in different places. School was no exception. Today, as she was dressed for cheerleading and alone in the gym, decided to have her fun here.

Climbing up the bleachers, she found a spot. Pulling her skirt and underwear down, she lowered herself to a near sitting position. Then she let go, letting the urine flow between the seats and drip onto the floor. Bonnie enjoyed everything about the sensation, the feeling of relief, the sight and sound of her urine hitting the ground, and the knowledge no one would ever find out. Now finished, she got dressed and went back to waiting for the girls to come.

Later, at home when Bonnie saw she was by herself, she went to her backyard. Pulling everything down, she stood, and held her privates in an unusual way, and peed, letting it flow and make a puddle in front of her as she stood. Girls have a right to go standing like boys she thought. But she would never tell anyone what she thought.

###

Kim and Ron were on a date in the park. It was a nice picnic. Afterwards, Kim left to use the bathroom. Ron, now alone, also wanted to go. Seeing he was alone and guessing Kim would be a bit, Ron went to a tree. He hoped Kim wouldn't see. What would she think of him? he wondered. Unzipping, he pulled his shorts and and underwear down. Aiming, he peed onto the grass in front of him. Ron was learning to enjoy going outside and tried it whenever he got the chance.

Kim wasn't very far when she noticed Ron. She paused, then saw Ron peeing on the tree. She smiled. Boys can have their fun, she thought. Deciding to share in some of it, Kim found her own spot. Once her privates were exposed, she squatted in front of a tree and let her urine flow out. Kim relaxed, feeling relieved, and found this relaxing and enjoyable, hearing the soft sound of urine hitting the grass, the sight of it making a puddle in front of her.

Kim could see why some people, like Ron, liked peeing outside. Maybe she could try it herself when she got the chance again. Done, Kim wiped herself with a leaf from the tree and went back. Ron doesn't have to tell me yet, she thought. One day, we'll tell each other. Now that we're dating, we don't need to hide anything. Kim felt she wouldn't mind telling Ron her feelings of peeing outside, then they could laugh over it and try it together. Kim would wait until she felt they were ready to share their experience.

