A Desperate Road Trip - Page 2

*027*2017-12-17 22:58

{{14 hours ago, Manowar said:

If you manage to write a story for 126, what do you think about addition a lottle dramma: how about fear wetting of someone from this family? :-)

}}

I'll see what I can do. Not sure how much time I can dedicate to writing all that's been suggested so far, but I will try. Might be a few weeks due to holiday plans!

Thanks for the suggestion and glad you enjoyed.

*031*2017-12-20 00:09

{{On 12/18/2017 at 2:04 AM, Manowar said:

Sure. Have a great holidays.

}}

Thanks! Same to you!

{{13 hours ago, 126 said:

Don't worry, we can wait. Thank you really much for your effort on writing these amazing stories. Happy holidays and (I don't know if you celebrate that but I do so I say that also for you) happy Christmas! :)

}}

No probs! I'm enjoying writing them. Hope you have a great Christmas as well!

{{5 hours ago, Indigo said:

That was great, Morgan ... really interesting.

I'd be interested to see you explore Esther a bit more. Perhaps we see her at school one day ... maybe there's a new girl in her class who can't remember the way to the toilets when she needs to and has an accident ... and everyone jeers her (especially the dance crowd) but Esther, who knows what that feels like, befriends her instead ... and they become close friends as a result?

}}

Thanks! I will definitely consider your suggestion for a future story. (I have a lot of material now... hoping to squeeze a few ideas into one story at some point. Keep checking back, probably will have more time to dedicate to new suggestions come January!)

*032*2017-12-26 08:03

This was written thanks to suggestions from 126. Probably not quite what you were hoping for. I don't know how I feel about this one for the moment. May have to rework it, but here it is! Merry Christmas! Definitely will be working on a few more suggestions from you guys going forward, likely after New Years. So far, Manowar has suggested a fear wetting, which I'm not totally sure how to write, but I have some ideas. Indigo has suggested a school wetting featuring Esther, which I intend to write at some point. I also have some ideas for Elias (the older brother) and the parents. Again, I am open to more suggestions but I can't make any promises that they will show up in these stories right away or that they will be exactly what you want, but I'm willing to try. Hope you all had a great holiday and that these stories bring you some cheer. -Morgan

CHAPTER 4: CLASS TRIP

Edith was very excited for her class’s end of year trip to Splashville Water Slides. Mostly, she was happy to finally be done with sixth grade; the water slides were just a bonus. The best part was her mom had volunteered to drive them in the van since Dad had taken the week off and was able to look after Ezra. Edith didn’t love the family van, but it was still better than Bea’s mom’s little Toyota that always smelled like dog (even though they had never owned a dog) and the seat belts in the back never seemed to work properly.

“Is everybody buckled up?” Penny asked the girls, looking behind her to make sure Edith, Ruthie, Bea, and Pearl were safe. Edith could tell her mom was nervous; she rarely had to drive other kids around.

“Yep!” the four girls chimed in unison.

“Any radio requests?” Penny asked.

“Oh! Play KX105.5! It has, like, everything cool!” Bea squealed.

“Ugh, no! That station sucks! We should listen to that really cool university station!” Pearl shut down her friend.

Ruthie sighed, “No way. We barely get reception for that station and nobody even knows the FM channel it’s on. KX is fine!”

Edith said nothing. She knew all the words to the songs on KX, but didn’t want to anger Pearl, who was sitting next to her in the middle row of the van. She heard the familiar and catchy tune of Britney Spears’ “Oops I Did It Again” pumping through the speaker system. Edith suppressed the urge to sing along, looking over at surly Pearl as she made a disgusted face.

“I hate this,” Pearl muttered, shutting her eyes and pretending to sleep.

“Why don’t we play a game?” Edith suggested.

“Oh my gosh, a game?!” Bea turned around, eyes wide, “What game?!”

“Um, we could pay I Spy,” Edith quietly replied.

Pearl scoffed. “That’s for babies.”

“What about 20 questions?!” Bea asked.

“That’s worse than truth or dare,” Pearl replied.

With that, Ruthie turned around. Her all-knowing gaze silenced the other girls. “I know,” she said softly, pausing to build anticipation, “Everyone has a water bottle, right?”

The girls held up their plastic water bottles of varying sizes.

“On three we chug. First one to hit the bathroom loses. The game ends when there’s only one of us who hasn’t gone.” Ruthie smiled in a way the others hadn’t seen before. It was almost menacing.

Edith shifted in her seat. She was already internally denying that she needed to go to the bathroom. She wouldn’t be able to outlast the other girls… would she?

“One, two… three!” Ruthie shouted. The four girls chugged what was left in their water bottles and set them down in the car.

Penny smiled to herself, hearing what the girls were up to. It brought her back to her younger years, before she had kids, back when she had a bladder of steel. Penny quietly sighed, knowing that after four kids, she was not as apt at holding as she once was. She turned up the radio as all girls sang along to the Backstreet Boys.

As Edith sang along to “Everybody,” she could feel her bladder filling up at a fast and uncomfortable rate. She regretted taking part in Ruthie’s challenge. Edith pressed her thighs together, trying to keep from wiggling around. The other girls couldn’t know how horribly desperate she was already. She bit her lip and looked over at Pearl, who wasn’t squirming at all. How was everyone else so good at this game? Edith could feel the pee pressing against her urethra. If she didn’t find a bathroom soon, she was going to lose it for sure. She crossed her legs and pressed her hand against her crotch.

“You have to pee that bad already?” Pearl rolled her eyes. “Edith, this game is going to be too easy if we’re up against you.”

“I… I don’t have to go,” Edith blatantly lied, removing her hand from her crotch. She bit harder on the inside of her cheek, trying to shake the worried look off her face. Her legs started to jiggle almost uncontrollably. She placed her palms on her knees, trying to ease the shaking.

“Whatever you say,” Pearl shook her head, “Just saying, I’m totally gonna win this one.”

Edith took a deep breath and looked out the window, squeezing her legs together as she stared at the lake that bled into Splashville.

She remembered the last time they had come to Splashville as a family. Elias was old enough to go off on his own, but Edith was not. Elias flat out refused to take either of his sisters on the slides. Dad took her on some of the giant water slides, but for the most part she hung out with Mom and Esther (who was too young to remember it). This time would be much better, though. At almost twelve, Edith was ready to try every slide. Even if she lost this holding game, she was determined to have an amazing time.

“We’re almost there, girls!” Penny excitedly called to the back seat.

Edith felt a twinge in her groin and squeezed her legs tighter. She felt a few drops of pee soak into her one-piece bathing suit that she had on under her clothes. Edith felt shivers go up her spine, holding still tighter.

Ruthie turned around, “Jeez, you really have to go…”

“N-no I don’t,” Edith lied.

“Nobody sits like that when they don’t have to go,” Ruthie said, matter-of-factly.

“I swear… I just… my back hurts?” Edith replied, unsure of her own words.

“She totally has to pee,” Pearl laughed, “I can’t believe the game is almost over.”

Bea turned around. “Oh my gosh, how is your bladder so small?! Like, I don’t even need to go yet.”

Edith’s face was turning red. “I-I swear! I d-don’t have to go to the bathroom…” She pressed hard on her crotch, disproving her own statement.

“If you really need to pee, you can just go. It’s just a game, Edie,” Ruthie shrugged.

“Yeah, it just means you’re a loser who can’t go five minutes without going to the bathroom,” Pearl mocked.

“No, guys, I…” Edith crossed one leg over the other in one last ditch effort to stave off her obvious desperation.

“We’re here,” Penny announced. “We’re a ways from the park, but there’s not much parking near the entrance.

Edith swallowed hard as she saw how far away the car was from the entrance. She didn’t even know if she could walk that far without peeing herself.

“Girls, if you want to just wear your bathing suits and leave your clothes in the car, please feel free. The less we have to carry, the easier it’s going to be,” Penny told them.

The four of them slowly removed their clothes. Bea was wearing a bright pink and blue two-piece that looked a size or two too large, obviously a hand-me-down from her sister, Frankie. Pearl had on a red, sporty one-piece with black stripes going up and down the sides. Ruthie had on a bikini that was probably made for girls in their late teens, rather than someone who had just turned twelve. Ruthie suited it well, but it was way too revealing in Edith’s opinion. Edith undid her shorts, which actually helped a bit. Her bladder had more room to stretch out.

Edith felt like she could hold it for a bit longer, but as she took down her shorts, she realized she had leaked into them. She quickly hid them in her backpack and covered them with her white Girl Guides shirt. The other girls couldn’t know that she had already lost. She quickly examined the crotch of her dark purple swimsuit, but no wetness was visible. As soon as she got in the water, nobody would be the wiser. Edith flung her backpack into the back and carefully got out of the van.

The other three girls ran off toward the park, but Edith was content in going slow. Her knees knocked together as she shuffled along the pavement in her flip flops.

“Sweetie, do you need to use the bathroom?” Penny asked.

Edith thought for a moment about confiding in her mother, but decided to keep up the obvious lie. “No…?”

“You look like you’re just about to burst,” Penny replied, “are you sure, Edie?”

“Mom!” Edith shot back, “I don’t need to go! Stop asking!” Edith tried her hardest to walk normally, biting her lip as she shuffled faster towards her friends.

She looked behind her, seeing her mom go back in the car for something. It was now or never. Edith squatted behind a parked car and pulled the gusset of her swimsuit aside, peeing hastily onto the hot concrete.

“Edie, where did you go?” she heard Ruthie call.

Edith wasn't finished, but she had to stop now before Ruthie discovered her. She gasped, trying hard to stop the stream. It was an uncomfortable success as she closed off the waterways and continued to hold. She adjusted herself and came out from behind the car. “I, um, I dropped my ring, but I found it,” Edith lied to her friend. She hoped Ruthie and the others couldn’t smell pee on her. The overpowering scent of chlorine was lingering in the air, so it would be hard to distinguish.

“We’re going to get some sodas before we head into the water,” Ruthie smiled, showing her canine teeth. “You need to have one too. It’s only fair for the contest.”

Edith felt her stomach bottom out. Even though she had peed out a decent amount of liquid already, she knew she would lose for sure once the soda went through her system. Not to mention, the stream she cut off earlier was begging to continue. It hurt to walk. Edith wished she hadn’t done that. She somehow felt worse now than she did ten minutes ago. She squeezed her legs together as they waited in line at the concession stand.

It felt like eons waiting in that line, even though there were only three people ahead of the girls. Edith couldn’t help but potty dance the whole time. She could feel her control slipping.

“Four large cokes please,” Ruthie said to the bored looking teenage girl at the counter.

“That’ll be seven fifty,” the teenage girl said, “Oh, and the bathroom’s just around the corner.”

Ruthie rolled her eyes and gave the cashier exact change, all in quarters. “You can just go pee now and lose,” she said, turning to Edith, “It’s not like you get anything for winning anyway.”

“I don’t have to go!” Edith insisted, her right leg over her left and bouncing up and down.

“Okay, whatever,” Ruthie sighed.

The four of them took a table and chugged their sodas.

Pearl burped incredibly loud. Edith was surprised at the volume for how tiny Pearl was.

“You guys, I really have to pee,” Bea admitted. Edith could tell she was only in the early stages of desperation. Her legs were pressed tight together, but she didn’t look worried.

“Not me,” Edith continued to lie, bouncing both legs and holding herself secretly under the table.

“Me neither,” Pearl said, “I think I could probably hold it all day.”

Ruthie smiled again. “You think you’re gonna win, Pearl? We’ll see.” Nobody noticed that Ruthie was holding herself under the table.

“Let’s get in the water already!” Pearl suggested, “I’m bored just sitting here.”

The other girls silently agreed and followed their less-than-desperate friend to the water.

It felt warm and nice, kind of like a bath after a day playing out in the snow. Edith couldn’t help but leak out a bit more. She looked down, making sure the water wasn’t turning an incriminating colour. Elias had once told her that pools add an extra chemical to the water that changed its colour to shame people who pee in the pool. Nothing happened, but she kept holding just in case it was a volume thing. Edith stared at Ruthie’s legs, which were crossed tightly under water. It was obvious that Ruthie was in dire straits as well, but she was holding on until the bitter end. Edith felt a bit more pee leak out as she absentmindedly loosened her legs a bit.

“Ohhh my gosh,” Bea moaned, grabbing herself. “I need to go… right now!”

Edith squeezed her legs together. “There’s a bathroom next to the concession,” she told Bea.

“No… No I can make it. I’m gonna beat you…” Bea dug her hand deeper and closed her eyes.

Edith tried not to make it obvious how painful it was for her to keep holding.

“As long as you losers don’t pee in the pool. That’s super disgusting and only little kids do that,” Pearl said, still showing no signs of desperation.

Ruthie looked worried for a moment and was more obviously potty dancing by now. She wasn’t saying anything. Ruthie was the kind of girl who focused by not speaking and living completely inside her own head.

“You’re all going to lose,” Pearl snickered, “I told you I could go all day without peeing.”

Ruthie angrily glared at Pearl. “You’re probably cheating,” she sharply replied.

Pearl rolled her eyes, “I don’t even know how that’s possible.”

Ruthie shrugged and went back to her zen-like focus, shifting her weight from foot to foot in the shallows of the pool.

“Oh my gosh, oh my gosh…” Bea squeaked, “I…” she held herself very tightly and winced. “I feel sick...” she ran off towards the bathrooms.

Pearl smiled. “I can’t believe you didn’t lose, Edie.”

Edith shrugged awkwardly. “I… think I’m gonna go too.” She felt another spurt leak out of her bathing suit and dissipate into the chlorinated waters. She held herself tightly and slowly waded to the bathrooms next to the concession stand. Her legs were scrunched together, trying her hardest to hold in what she drank earlier and that giant soda. She was sure her bladder couldn’t take any more of this game. She tried to hurry to the toilets, but moving faster just made her leak. There was a tap on her shoulder.

“Edie, honey, do you need some help?” Penny asked.

“Mom, I… I have to go really, really bad…” Edith admitted, whispering out of embarrassment.

“Come with me, we’ll get you sorted. Just hold on,” Penny gave her daughter a reassuring smile. Little did Edith know, Penny had been playing the same game. Penny was just much less obvious about her level of desperation.

“Mom…” Edith worriedly whispered, digging her fingers into her crotch, “I have to pee right now!”

Penny grabbed her daughter’s arm, “Come on, Edith. Just hold on for another few seconds, we’re almost there.”

“Mommy I can’t…” Edith moaned, squeezing herself as hard as she could. A few more drops of urine dribbled out, soaking her hand, “Mommy, I’m going…”

“Edith, for heaven’s sake, you’re too old for this sort of behavior,” Penny groaned, “the bathroom is right…”

The mother and daughter stopped in their tracks, noticing a massive line for the ladies room. There were at least fifteen people in front of them. Penny gulped, suddenly remembering how desperate she was, let alone how close Edith was to wetting herself.

Edith pulled her bathing suit up tight against herself, trying to help hold the pee in. She kept dancing, trying hard to keep everything in and not succeeding at all. Her bare feet scraping against the concrete as she potty danced hopelessly.

The line wasn’t moving at all.

Penny crossed one leg over the other and worriedly looked down at her daughter, who was obviously not going to make it. She carefully knelt down and whispered, “If you want to get back in the water and go pee, nobody will know.”

Edith looked horrified, “N-no… I can make it.” She gave her mother a worried smile and held herself.

The line still didn’t move.

Penny felt a violent pang in her bladder, feeling a bit of urine dribble down her leg. She didn’t really care if anyone saw, but she kept holding on, hoping that the line would move. She squeezed her thighs together and held herself. She couldn’t let her daughter win the contest over her, a grown adult with experience! Penny adjusted her crotch and continued to squeeze.

Edith was near bursting point. It hurt to move. It hurt to stand still. Holding on was no longer an option. “Mommy…” she squeaked, “I’m… I’m not gonna make it…”

“It’s okay, honey,” Penny replied, holding herself tighter still. The crotch of her swimsuit was incredibly damp now.

Edith felt a squirt of pee drip down her leg. And then another quick spurt. She readjusted herself, but it didn’t help. The waterways were open. A full, hard stream of urine burst from the crotch of her now soaking bathing suit. Edith tried to cover herself, but she knew everyone was staring at her. She went completely red, paralyzed with fear and embarrassment.

Penny stood in the way of everyone’s gaze and let loose herself, urine splashing on the ground, soaking her feet. She sighed deeply. It felt good to let go.

*036*2018-01-03 01:29

This chapter takes place while Edith is at chapter 2's sleepover, if you wanted to know the timeline. It was written at the request of Manowar, and I'm hoping it meets some of your requirements. I'm starting to realize there are a lot of characters in this story. I do have a little character cheat sheet if anyone is interested. I'm still taking requests/story ideas if anyone has any they want to add, though the next chapter will feature Indigo's request. Thanks for your continued support!

CHAPTER 5: BABYSITTING

It was just after five o’clock and Elias had just logged into Xbox Live. He and Willis were supposed to play a few rounds of multiplayer before Esther got home from dance and his parents went out to dinner for their anniversary. Ezra was off at their aunt and uncle’s place and Edith was out at some awkward sixth grade sleepover. Elias was glad the house would be quiet this evening. He didn’t love babysitting his youngest sister, but at least Esther was compliant and kept to herself most of the time. He chugged the bottle of Pepsi Blue he bought from the school vending machine, hoping Esther would stay late at dance so he could have a few extra minutes online. Elias didn’t get a ton of time to himself, being the oldest of four. His only refuge was playing Halo with Willis and the confines of his very small room (though his parents wouldn’t let him keep a TV or the Xbox in his room). He saw Willis’s username pop up and they started a game of Halo.

Shortly after he started the game, Elias felt the sudden and desperate urge to pee. He silently cursed the Pepsi Blue and tried to keep his head in the game. He crossed his legs and tried to focus, but it was proving a difficult task. He was taken down easily, not watching for enemies. His reaction time was sluggish.

“What the fuck are you doing?!” Willis cried into the crackly headset, “Jesus, man! Figure it out!”

Elias groaned and swore, quickly adjusting his groin between respawns. The pangs of desperation were getting stronger. He couldn’t fight off the urge for much longer, but the match was far from over.

“We’re so gonna lose! Eli, what the hell are you doing?!” Willis shouted.

“I...I don’t even…”

“Fuck!”

“Sorry…” Elias put down the controller to hold himself, resulting in getting shot in the head and teabagged by someone named MasturChief69. He took the opportunity to get up from the sofa and do another readjustment mixed with a potty dance. Elias wasn’t sure how much longer he could hold out. What would he tell Willis? He squeezed his legs together, jumping up and down. Then he remembered a trick that weird mohawked kid, Jacob Black, had mentioned to him right before exams.

“If you really gotta piss and they won’t let you go, just give yourself a boner. Can’t pee and jizz at the same time, right?” Elias could see Jacob’s grinning, pierced lips in his mind’s eye. But what if Jacob was full of shit? Elias didn’t really have much of a choice; his ballooning bladder was about to burst!

Elias closed his eyes and gingerly slid his right hand down his grey and burgundy sweatpants. He started gently, rubbing himself. Nothing. He couldn’t keep his mind off how badly he needed to go. He couldn’t even distract himself with the image of Frankie Ambrose, who was possibly the hottest girl in school. Elias started to jerk himself harder, closing his eyes and wincing, imagining Frankie next to him, shirtless. He felt a twinge in his groin. He wasn’t sure if he was in the middle of getting a boner or…

“Elias! What the fuck is going on?!” Willis shouted into the headset, “What are you doing?! We’re getting fucking slaughtered!”

Elias had stopped listening to his best friend’s angry words. He kept jerking, trying to concentrate. Suddenly, his hand was wet. His underwear were wet. He was leaking into his pants. Elias plugged himself, holding on desperately. The minor erection that had started wasn’t enough to keep the pee at bay. He tore off the headset and dropped the controller. He gasped and tried to run to the bathroom, but felt another gush release from his penis. His underwear were soaked. Elias gritted his teeth and tried again to make it to the bathroom. 

A wave of pain from his groin hit him like a brick wall. He gasped and let loose all over his sweatpants and stood there, peeing his pants in the middle of the vacant house. He looked at the time and picked up the headset. “I, uh, gotta go, Mom and Dad just got home,” he lied, shutting down the game and TV. Elias knew he only had a limited time before his parents and Esther returned. He had to get rid of his soaked pants and underwear before they realized what had happened. Thankfully not a drop had gotten into the carpet or the couch. Elias ran up to his room and tore off his pants and underwear, throwing them into a pile of dirty clothes in the corner of his room. He then headed to the shower to rinse off his nether regions.

Not long after hopping in the shower, he heard Esther and his mother arrive home from dance. Elias leapt from the shower to his room, pulling on a new pair of underwear and some basketball shorts.

“Elias?!” his mother called.

“Coming, mom,” he replied, bounding down the staircase.

“Your father should be home in a few minutes and then we’re going out for dinner. I’m going to order you two a pizza and I’ve rented you a movie to watch together.” She threw down a DVD with a makeshift Blockbuster sleeve that read “The Princess Diaries.”

“Mom! Seriously?!” Elias complained, “I’m not watching that crap. Esther can watch it with her friends!”

His mother raised an eyebrow. “Come on, Eli. You know she wants to watch this with you. Just give it a chance. I told her once the movie and dinner are done, she needs to do her homework and leave you be. I know you just want to play Harlow with Willis.”

“Halo, Mom. It’s Halo.”

“Whatever it is, I know it’s Friday night and I know that’s all you want to do. Just be nice to your sister and she’ll leave you alone. I also left some money for you in the kitchen if you need anything.”

Elias smiled. It was rare that his parents had his back. At almost fifteen years old, it seemed as though they trusted him more and more. “Thanks,” he replied.

His mother went up to her room to get ready for dinner and Esther emerged from her room, changed into a black and pink striped sundress. “Are you gonna watch Princess Diaries with me?” she asked, skipping down the stairs.

Elias winced. “I guess.”

“Do you know what pizza I want?” Esther asked.

“Uh, pepperoni with no cheese?”

Esther grinned, delighted that her brother remembered. “Mom says after the movie you can play Halos if you want.”

Elias shrugged. “I already played with Willis earlier. He’s probably going out with his girlfriend tonight. I borrowed his DVD of Resident Evil though. Probably gonna watch that when you’re asleep.”

Esther pouted. “I wanna watch a scary movie.”

“You’re gonna get too freaked out and then Mom’s gonna kill me for keeping you awake!”

“I won’t even tell Mom!” Esther pleaded.

Elias sighed and ended the argument.

“Don’t keep secrets from your mother,” their father, Jack, barked, “You know she’ll find out either way.”

“Daddy!” Esther exclaimed.

“Hi, Pumpkin!” Jack knelt to hug his littlest daughter. “How was dance?”

“It was so good! I was perfect and everyone clapped when I finished my solo routine, but that mean girl, Flossie, told me my feet weren’t pointy, but they were…”

Jack smiled down at her, not completely listening, “I can’t wait to see the recital next month! I know you’ll do great.” He turned to Elias, handing him a business card, “Son, I know you’ve got these numbers memorized, but here’s the restaurant and my cell just in case. I’m sure I can trust you to order pizzas while I check on your mother?”

Elias nodded and his father went upstairs to get ready.

“Look, Ess, you can watch it with me if you promise not to freak out. Willis says it’s kind of scary. I just don’t want you to lay awake all night, scared the zombies might get you,” Elias said under his breath.

“I promise,” Esther moaned, dragging out the word ‘promise,’ “Can you order pizza now?”

Elias grabbed the cordless phone from the kitchen and ordered his sister’s weird, cheeseless pizza and a Hawaiian with jalapenos for himself.

“We’re taking off, Eli,” Penny called, “Call us if you need anything!”

“Love you, kids!” Jack shouted.

“Bye,” Elias replied.

“I love you!” Esther exclaimed.

The door shut and he heard the lock click into place. Elias sighed. He couldn’t believe he had to sit through the entirety of The Princess Diaries. He could never let Willis know this was how he was spending his Friday night. He wondered what Willis’s new girlfriend even looked like. Probably not as hot as Frankie. Nobody was as hot as Frankie.

“Wanna watch the movie now?” Esther grinned, holding her little hands in an almost prayerlike pose.

Elias sighed. “I guess.” He was relieved to get it over with quickly. He handed Esther The Princess Diaries.

She looked at him cynically. “No, I mean the other movie.”

“Are you sure?” Elias questioned.

“I wanna watch Resident Evil!”

Elias shrugged. He wasn’t going to argue with her anymore. “Go grab us a couple of Pepsis. I need to go grab the DVD from my room.” He still couldn’t believe Esther wanted to watch a scary movie. Was she trying to win him over? What could she possibly want?

Esther was almost finished her can of pepsi when Elias came back downstairs. She got up and grabbed another can while her brother set up the DVD player on their 40 inch tube TV. She was excited to finally watch something her brother was excited about, even though she really wanted to watch The Princess Diaries. But there was always time for that later. Esther sat back down and began to guzzle her second soda. Creepy Marilyn Manson music blared from the TV speakers and the movie began.

“What’s that blue stuff?” Esther asked.

“Watch the movie and you’ll find out,” Elias replied, trying hard not to tell his little sister to shut up.

“Why is the building trying to kill everyone?”

“Dude, watch the movie!” Elias snapped.

“But I wanna know right now,” Esther whined.

“If you’re not going to watch the movie, we can put something else on.”

Esther stopped talking for a while, watching as the horror unfolded deep within in the Umbrella Corporation.

*

“Do you think we should’ve trusted Esther like that?” Penny asked her husband.

“To not bug Eli when he’s got homework and a life to live on Friday nights?” Jack replied, “Why not? She’s a good kid. Elias knows his place in the family. He likes staying home anyway. Especially since that weird vulgar kid with the greasy hair got a girlfriend.”

“Willis?” Penny laughed at her husband’s description of their son’s best friend. Willis wasn’t overly intelligent or driven, but the parents respected Elias’s choice in best friend.

Jack poured Penny another glass of white wine, “Don’t worry too much about the kids.”

*

Esther fidgeted as she did when she had to sit still for more than fifteen minutes at a time, “I’m getting another pop. Do you want another pop?”

Elias shrugged, completely focused on the screen. The doorbell rang and Elias hit pause.

“Pizza!” Esther squealed. She opened the fridge and grabbed two more Pepsis.

Esther continued to fidget as she gorged on pizza and Pepsi. “I’m full,” she said, setting down the half empty pizza box.

Elias looked over. Esther was wiggling her legs and holding her crotch. “Do you want me to pause the movie while you pee?”

“I don’t have to go,” Esther replied, “Well, not really.” She squeezed her legs together.

“Cool,” Elias muttered, staring back at the screen and picking away at his nearly empty box of pizza.

*

“I think I’ve had a few too many glasses of wine,” Penny admitted, trying not to show how desperate she was getting, “I think I’ll head to the ladies…”

Jack grabbed her wrist. “Not tonight,” he said with a smile.

Penny sat back down, trying to ignore her begging bladder. She gingerly took a few more bites of her dinner.

Jack poured them each another, very full, glass of wine.

*

Esther started to feel the urge to go grow stronger. She knew she would make it though. The movie couldn’t be much longer. The survivors were almost on the train. Esther normally didn’t have much trouble holding her pee during movies, but when she was a little scared it wasn’t as easy. It seemed like there was always something around the corner trying to scare her in this one.

The Licker popped out and attacked the characters on the train. Esther’s heart was throbbing with anxiety and fear. She held herself tightly, hoping she wasn’t leaking. She tried to remember to breathe and took another sip of her third Pepsi, which she instantly regretted. She let out a little whimper and held her crotch tighter. Her bladder was so full she didn’t know if she could get up to use the bathroom anymore. Her knees scraped together and she tried to maintain her hold.

Elias heard his little sister’s onomatopoetic outburst, “We can turn it off if you’re too scared.”

“N-no,” Esther barely managed, “I’ll watch…” Another throbbing spasm from her crotch and she leaked into her underwear. Esther felt wet and uncomfortable. Her fingers could feel pee pooling in her crotch. She couldn’t make it for much longer. Her legs were shaking. She worriedly crossed one leg over the other, toes pointed anxiously as she fussed in her seat. But she would have to make it. There were only seconds until the movie was over… Esther squirmed and held tighter until the credits came up. Finally! She sighed. She was almost home free.

*

Penny was rocking back and forth in her chair. She had made it through dinner, left hand holding tight to her privates. Her black lace underwear were a bit damp, but Penny wasn’t fully wetting herself yet. She could feel her bladder bulging out of her dress.

“Dessert?” Jack inquired, smirking. He was enjoying this more than she was. Jack couldn’t remember the last time he was this aroused; it was probably before they had children. He handed his desperate wife the menu.

“N-no thanks…” Penny weakly replied, hoping to get out of the fancy restaurant without drenching herself in front of all these people.

“Come on, Pen. My treat.”

She pushed the menu back towards him and looked down at herself sheepishly whispering,“I… I can’t hold-”

He grabbed her hand. “Yes you can,” he encouragingly replied.

*

“Well, I gotta drain the lizard,” Elias said.

Esther felt a wave of fear come over her. She needed to go so badly! How could he take the bathroom from her? Esther bit her lip. She couldn’t bring herself to respond, so she held herself tighter, wincing.

Elias ran upstairs, with Esther following very slowly behind. She stopped every few steps to adjust herself and secure the hold. With each step she felt herself leak a little more. There wasn’t much time…

Esther finally made it to the top of the stairs. All the lights were turned off and it was silent. She could hear her heart pounding loudly like a drum. She felt like someone was drumming on her bladder, though. She crossed her legs again, hoping the pressure would ease off for a moment or two. She looked around, seeing nothing. The bathroom door was open and Elias was nowhere to be seen. “Eli?” she called, “Where did you go?” The creepy zombie scenes rushed back into Esther’s head and she was starting to feel really scared. “Eli? P-please this isn’t funny!” Esther could hear the shaky fear in her voice. It wasn’t like her at all. She scrunched her legs together. Her pee was coming, zombies or not. She gasped, holding herself tighter. Esther would have to make a run for it. The bathroom wasn’t far off now.

But she could hear something in the closet at the end of the hall.

“E-Elias?!” she called out.

No answer.

*

Penny bit her lip, “Jack!” she gasped. She knew it was time. She had held for as long as she could.

Jack could see the desperation in his wife’s face. He knew it was now or never. Without asking for the bill, he threw down more than enough cash and the two rushed out the door.

Penny pressed her legs together, desperately trying to hold on. Spurts leaked out into her lace panties. They were soaking wet. Her opaque pantyhose began to soak up some of the excess. Penny moaned.

Jack took his wife’s hand and led her to a vacant alleyway behind the restaurant, “Are you gonna piss yourself?” He grinned, teeth glowing in the moonlight like he was some kind of vampire.

Penny smiled blissfully as her husband pressed her up against a brick wall, “Yessss.” She dragged out the ‘S’ until it blended into the hissing sound that came from her crotch. Penny peed and peed, dampening the alley.

Jack rubbed himself up against his wife, her urine dampening his grey dress pants. He pressed his erect penis into her and closed his eyes.

Penny ran her fingers through Jack’s hair as they kissed. She could smell a mix of her urine and his Old Spice as he took down her damp panties. This was the most intimate she had felt with her husband since Ezra was born. The passion they felt for each other seemed new and almost animalistic.

*

Esther grabbed her crotch one last time, feeling a little more of her pee leaking out. She winced and twisted herself. She took a deep breath in, hoping it would give her courage and strength to get to the bathroom.

She grabbed herself and started to run. Esther’s thin legs were tightly squeezed together, so it wasn’t her fastest gallop. The air felt thin in her lungs, though it was only a short distance. She heard a creak and then

BAM!

Something grabbed her in the darkness, its arms wrapping around her tightly as it made a horrible gnashing noise with its teeth.

Esther screamed, tears welling up in her young eyes as she felt herself lose control. Warm urine was trickling down her legs, soaking through her dress, and falling to the carpet. She kicked and screamed and cried as more pee came with a forceful stream down her legs.

“Hahaha! I got you so good!” Elias laughed.

Esther stopped screaming when she realized it was her brother. She gasped. Pee was still trickling down her shaking legs; her panties soaked through. Esther said nothing. She began to whimper, which turned into full on bawling. She couldn’t breathe. How could Elias have done this to her? He knew she needed to go…

Elias flipped on the lightswitch and finally saw what was happening. His little sister was trembling and crying. He felt instantly guilty. “Oh Ess,” he sighed, “I’m so sorry… I didn’t know you needed to go that bad…”

“You-you,” Esther sobbed, accusingly, “You made me pee my pants!” Esther ran into her room, continuing to wail loudly.

*

“Oh my God,” Penny whispered, placing her sweaty head in the crook of her husband’s neck. She shut her eyes for a few moments. She could still feel him finishing inside her.

Jack’s body pulsated for a few seconds. He gasped for air, blinking once or twice. It was as if he’d been in a trance. “I love you,” he said to his wife. He dug for his phone, realizing he was back in reality. “It’s nine. We should head back and make sure the kids aren’t murdering each other.”

Penny smiled. She still felt like she was floating in a euphoric haze.

*

“I-I can’t breathe!” Esther called out between sobs.

Elias was at her side, stroking her shaking back. “It’s gonna be okay,” he awkwardly tried to reassure her.

Esther tried to breathe in but only managed a few short gasps as she cried.

“Accidents happen, Ess. It’s really gonna be okay. I promise. I won’t even tell mom and dad. I’ll clean everything up,” Elias pleaded with his sister, hoping that would make everything okay.

Esther continued to cry, covering her face with a pillow.

“Would it help if I told you I had an accident?” Elias asked.

Esther stopped for a moment, a red eye peering out from her pillow.

“Well, I did,” Elias couldn’t believe he was admitting this to his little sister of all people. “Today I pissed my pants because I couldn’t quit Halo. Willis hates losing so… I just held it until I couldn’t hold it anymore.”

Esther sat up, “Really?”

“Yep,” Elias replied sheepishly.

“But that was just one time,” she replied, “And you did it cause you had to beat the game with Willis.”

“Yeah, I guess,” his sister’s face was still embarrassed and sad, “But that wasn’t the only time. I mean, I definitely pissed myself other times too.”

Esther perked up.

“Like a couple weeks ago when I went to see Spiderman with Willis, we wanted to see if there was anything special after the credits and I drank a whole giant soda so you know I really had to go…”

“You peed your pants in the movie?!” Esther gasped.

“It was dark and Willis didn’t see,” Elias replied, “But yeah I guess.” He was feeling much less embarrassed about that story. It was definitely a bit of a lie. Elias had gotten very desperate by the end of the movie, but he never peed his pants. It was just a story to make Esther feel better. “So, how about you take a quick bath and I’ll throw our clothes in the laundry before Mom and Dad find out what happened?”

Esther nodded, wiping the tears off her face.

*041*2018-01-05 23:10

{{On 1/2/2018 at 7:26 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I loved the double desperation

}}

Thanks!

{{On 1/3/2018 at 2:04 AM, 126 said:

As always, a great story! I really liked the change of scenes between mother (in pantyhose, thanks!!!) and daughter, and also the desperation from the big brother. This is my favourite saga, can't stop reading it!

If you're willing to accept more request, I'm gonna ask you if you can write a story in which Edith (wearing a romper), Penny and Esther goes shopping and there thery encounters a mother and daughter/s not really friendly to them (rivarly). In the end they all get desperate.

Or maybe it could be interesting to see Edith and her friends, in school (wearing uniforms), repeat the holding contest...

Thank you, that would be great!

If this is too specific or you won't do that because you think the story will suffer, don't think twice to change/delete my ideas, please. I care about your artistic view of this saga! :)

}}

Sounds good! I'll try and work that in in the next few chapters. Really like the romper idea.

{{14 hours ago, Manowar said:

Thsnk you for story with my sugestions. That was good. Really GOOD. The part with Jack and Penny might be intetesting for next chapers too. But so far I agree with 126. I'd like to see how do you come up with his ideas. ?

}}

Thanks! Glad you enjoyed. There will definitely be more Jack and Penny business in the coming chapters and I will try my best to get to all requests. The next chapter is about halfway done and it's for Indigo.

{{21 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

Great new chapter, personally I liked the parts with Penny best.

}}

Glad you enjoyed! There will be more chapters featuring Penny coming soon!

Stay tuned for a (sort of?) big reveal in chapter 6...

*043*2018-01-07 07:01

{{2 hours ago, ElizaSchuyler said:

I love this! Are you going to continue it?

}}

I have every intention to. The next chapter is fairly close to completion. I have a number of ideas and suggestions to keep it going. Hoping to post Chapter 6 in the next two days.

*044*2018-01-07 23:07

This chapter is written as part of Indigo's request. Hoping it lives up to your expectations. There have been a few more suggestions that I'll be working on for future chapters. Thanks again to everyone who has made requests and suggestions! I appreciate the feedback. -Morgan

CHAPTER 6: NEW BEGINNINGS

Penny woke to that familiar nauseous feeling. For the fifth time in her 38 years, she was pregnant. Her bed was warm and inviting, but she knew she would need to throw up in mere moments. Every pregnancy was the same. She was ill for the first three or four months and then her body would adjust. Today was her three month ultrasound and she was thankful to be in the final few weeks of feeling like a wreck. She headed to the bathroom and promptly vomited into the too-familiar porcelain bowl in the master bedroom’s ensuite.

Jack came to her side, “You okay, love?”

“Fine, fine,” Penny groaned, “Just morning sickness.”

Jack kissed her head and gave her a squeeze. “Want me to make breakfast today? It’s the first day of school; kids need to eat something…”

“No… I can do it,” Penny weakly replied.

“If you insist,” Jack smiled and slunk into the shower, readying himself for another day at the office.

Penny flushed and washed her hands and face off before brushing her teeth to get rid of the acidic taste of last night’s dinner. Then she headed downstairs to make breakfast. She looked in the fridge, her stomach churning at the thought of eating eggs or toast. All she could bring herself to prepare were bowls of Mini Wheats. She felt bad, but knew she would surely throw up if she even smelled eggs. Penny sat down at her usual chair in the dining room, holding her head in her hands.

Not only was the nausea paralyzing, but she was fearful that her little child would be born as dependent as five, nearly six-year-old Ezra, who was completely nonverbal and wheelchair bound. Penny knew that 38 wasn’t too old to have children, but she and Jack had had the conversation about what they would do if their new baby had Down Syndrome recently, and it tore her up inside to think of another child that would never be able to live independently. Penny buried her head in her hands and tried not to cry. She was so tired.

“Mommy!” Esther shouted, “Where are my eggs?!”

Penny sat up straight and tried to gather herself. “Sorry, sweetpea. Just Mini Wheats today… I’m not feeling so well.”

Esther looked like she was going to cry. “But I’m so, so hungry…”

“Mini Wheats will fill you up until recess, my love. You’ll be okay. Have a glass of orange juice or…” Penny trailed off, feeling another wave of nausea rattle through her already feeble body.

Esther grumbled something about wishing Daddy would make her his famous eggs, but Penny wasn’t listening. She was trying to keep from projectile vomiting all over the breakfast table. She weakly got up from the table and headed to the main bathroom without a word to her youngest daughter. Penny and Jack had decided to keep the pregnancy a secret from their children until they knew for sure that it would be healthy.

She heard Elias’s heavy teenage footsteps as he lazily slunk downstairs for breakfast. He yawned loudly, “Ess, where’s Mom?”

Esther babbled something about hating Mini Wheats.

Elias groaned. He was old enough to know that his mother was likely expecting another child. He had seen this three times before. He said nothing, not wanting to upset his little sister.

“Eli, which teacher did you have in grade four?”

“Mr. Browning. He used to ring a little bell instead of yelling at us to shut up. Weird guy. I think he keeps horses now. He retired last year…”

“Oh,” Esther guzzled a second glass of orange juice. She looked nervous.

“Don’t be all freaked out about being in the intermediate grades. Grade four is super easy,” Elias reassured his sister, “Just try your best. You’re not an idiot; you’ll probably be fine.” Elias didn’t have a ton of anxiety about grade ten; all of high school seemed the same. He was just excited to finish the half day at school and come home to his Xbox and Halo.

Esther smiled and finished her soggy Mini Wheats.

Jack came down the stairs, carrying Ezra (who was nearly too big to be carried even by his father, who was a reasonably strong guy). He gave the kids a tired grin. Behind him came a sleep-deprived Edith, who had been up all night worrying about what to wear on her first day of grade seven.

Jack set Ezra down in his chair and scooted him to the table. “Ready for some breakfast, kiddo?” Jack smiled at his son, who made little to no eye contact. Ezra smiled and cooed, looking in the opposite direction. Jack scruffed up his son’s ginger hair, “Looks like eggs and bacon, Ez.” He lifted his son’s shirt and administered the syringe of liquid into the tube attached to Ezra’s stomach. Ezra had to be fed through a feeding tube due to dysphagia, a result of his cerebral palsy. “Yum,” Jack gave his son another warm smile.

“What does that stuff taste like anyway?” Esther made a disgusted face.

“It’s just different nutrients in liquid,” Jack explained, “Kind of like milk but with more stuff in it. Your brother can’t eat normal food like you guys do.”

“Oh,” Esther replied, “I hope it tastes okay.”

Jack smiled but wasn’t sure what the formula tasted like. He looked to his disabled son, wondering what the boy was thinking about, if anything. He wondered what Ezra would say, or whether he would get along with his siblings if he could speak to them.

Penny emerged from the bathroom, dark circles evident under her eyes. Her back ached from sleeping at a strange angle. “Hi kids,” she mumbled.

“Penny, you should head back to bed,” Jack warned his wife. He could tell she wasn’t up to sitting at breakfast this morning.

“I need to eat something,” she weakly replied, taking her place at the head of the table. She took a few bites of the cereal and tried her hardest to keep it down. Penny could feel her guts rejecting the Mini Wheats and ran back upstairs to the ensuite.

“It’s about time for you three to head off,” Jack said, almost ignoring his wife’s rapid exit, “I’m going to get Ezra ready to go to your aunt’s. Elias, you’re in charge. Make sure the girls get to school safely.”

“Me and Esther don’t need him! I’m old enough,” Edith tried to reassure her father.

“Safety in numbers,” Jack warned as his three able-bodied children left for school.

Esther sat down in her new, empty desk. It was a bit different than last year’s third grade class. The desks were arranged into five rows each with three pairs of desks. The curly-haired blonde girl sitting next to her was completely unfamiliar to Esther. She looked around to see where her best friend, Addison, was sitting. She was all the way across the room and was seated next to Flossie Ambrose, who was always incredibly mean to Esther during dance class. 

Ever since Esther had accidentally wet herself when she tried to do the splits, Flossie would talk to her as if she were a baby, asking if a baby who needed diapers could even be in their dance troupe. Flossie and Addison were completely engrossed in conversation and hadn’t noticed that Esther was even in their class. Esther was sure the blonde girl was nice, but she wished she could just sit with her friend instead. She couldn’t believe Addison would even engage with the enemy like that. She felt her face go sour and her heart freeze from perceived betrayal.

The blonde girl shyly looked at Esther, and then looked away as if she wanted to ask something but couldn’t get up the courage. She looked like she was shaking from fear. Esther started to feel bad. Starting a new school was probably pretty hard, not that she knew from experience.

“Hi,” Esther said.

The blonde girl pushed her curls out of her face, “H-hi,” she quietly replied.

“I’m Esther. Are you new?”

“Yeah.”

“What’s your name? Where did you move from?” Esther stopped herself from asking another question, hoping she wasn’t overwhelming the poor girl.

The blonde girl continued to shake. “Annie. M-my name’s Annie. Um, I came from, I mean, we moved from…” she stopped shaking for a moment putting her hands in her lap, “M-Markham.”

Esther nodded, pretending she knew where that was. “Cool, I’m from here.”

Annie awkwardly grinned and then looked away, shaking again. Her hands were pressed in her lap, arms rigid.

“Hey, Annie?”

The blonde girl didn’t look up at all; it seemed as though she was completely ignoring her desk mate.

“Annie, are you okay?”

“F-fine.” She stared down at her desk and hid under her thick mop of blonde curls, continuing to shake and jiggle her legs.

Esther looked to Addison again, who still hadn’t noticed her. Flossie and Addison were laughing like old friends. Esther wondered if she would ever get to see her best friend.

“Hello grade fours!” the teacher greeted her students from the wooden podium at the front of the class, “I’m Mrs. Ireland. I’m going to do a quick attendance check and then a short rundown of our classroom rules and a summary of what you’re going to learn this year. Okay. Florence?”

The class was silent. Esther could hear hers and Annie’s desks bumping together as Annie jiggled her legs.

“Florence Ambrose?”

“It’s Flossie,” Flossie huffed, angry that her parents had given her such a long and ridiculous name.

“Sorry!” Mrs. Ireland apologized, flattening her black pencil skirt. She called a few more names. “Esther Dolman?”

“Here!” Esther called. She looked over at Addison, who still hadn’t noticed her.

“Addison Elliott?”

“Here,” Addison responded, sounding bored and unapologetic as if to impress her new best friend, Flossie.

“Annabelle Hollis?”

“Here,” Annie spoke just louder than a whisper. She had stopped jiggling her legs and had crossed one over the other, hands buried in the crotch of her pleated skirt. Annie didn’t even correct Mrs. Ireland on her name.

Mrs. Ireland continued to list off the names of their classmates as Esther took another peek at Annie. She looked incredibly uncomfortable. Her legs squeezing together as she scuffed the soles of her black maryjanes together. Annie let out a tiny whimper.

Esther gave her desk mate a poke and whispered, “Are you okay?”

Annie finally turned to Esther, tears in her eyes. She shook her head, no. “I have to go to the washroom really, really bad...” Annie whispered so quietly that Esther didn’t quite hear.

“What?” Esther mouthed.

Annie let out a horrified gasp, so loud that the whole class heard. She lifted her hands from her crotch to reveal a growing wet spot. She quickly tried to cover it up with her sweater, but there was no use. There was a small stream of pee that wasn’t being absorbed into Annie’s uniform trickling down and hitting the brown carpeted floor. She looked to Esther, completely mortified.

Mrs. Ireland looked to the two girls, instantly realizing what was going on. “Esther, why don’t you take Annabelle to the nurse to get cleaned up…”

With that, Addison and Flossie turned to see what had happened. The two girls began giggling amongst themselves. The rest of the class stared at Annie, shocked but amused by her misfortune.

Esther took her new friend’s hand and they did their walk of shame out of the classroom.

“You need a full bladder for us to do a proper ultrasound,” the receptionist said.

Penny sighed. She knew the feeling all too well and wasn’t looking forward to the discomfort. At least the morning sickness had subsided. She looked to Jack as the receptionist handed her a cup of water. Jack wore an incredible grin. The ultrasound was his favourite part of the pregnancy journey.

The bell rang for recess and Esther grabbed a ziploc baggie of carrots and her water bottle. She saw Annie had the same thing. “I got carrots too,” Esther said.

Annie didn’t say anything.

“Do you wanna hang out?” Esther asked, taking a big sip of her water.

Annie shrugged. “I didn’t think anyone would want to hang out with me…”

“Cause you peed?” Esther whispered.

Annie nodded, her blonde curls bouncing and partly covering her face.

“It’s okay,” Esther looked around to make sure nobody was listening, and then whispered, “Don’t worry. I peed my pants once too.”

Annie looked uncomfortable and meekly replied, “Let’s not talk about it.”

The two wandered the school grounds, eating carrots and talking about Annie’s old school in Markham. Whenever Annie brought up her hometown, she looked like she was going to cry. Esther couldn’t help but feel bad for Annie, but as she eyed Addison and Flossie from across the playground, she felt extreme jealousy. Esther wished she could swap places with Flossie as she saw the two girls giggling and pointing at her and Annie.

“They’re laughing at me,” Annie self consciously whispered.

Esther didn’t want to lie to her new friend, so she said nothing and led Annie in the opposite direction of the playground. She took another gulp of water and realized she hadn’t gone to the bathroom since before breakfast. Esther felt a little tingle in her bladder, but just as she was going to excuse herself, the bell rang and the girls made their way back to class.

“Are you ready?” Jack asked, Cheshire cat grin across his face.

Penny gritted her teeth, trying to keep from leaking. “Yup,” she quickly retorted.

“Mrs. Dolman? The doctor is running a bit behind. He’ll be with you in the next twenty-ish minutes,” the receptionist interrupted.

Penny let out a sigh, squeezing Jack’s hand.

“I know it’s uncomfortable, but it’ll be over before you know it,” the receptionist tried to comfort Penny.

“Yup. I know,” Penny was a bit short at this point, but her urine was ready to escape and resistance was futile. She pressed her legs together, trying not to make it obvious how badly she needed a release.

Jack rubbed his wife’s back. “Just hold on,” he seductively whispered.

“I hope you all had a nice little break,” Mrs. Ireland warmly greeted her grade four class. “Our next class is gym. Please grab your gym clothes and head down to the change rooms. I’ll meet you in the gymnasium.”

Esther smiled giddily. “I love gym!” she told Annie. Esther got bored sitting at a desk for too long, especially when she had to write out math problems or find grammar corrections. Even reading was a struggle for her, unless the book was incredibly captivating. It was part of the reason her parents put her in dance instead of music lessons. Esther and Annie went to their cubbies and grabbed their uniformed gym strip.

“I don’t really like gym,” Annie admitted.

“But it’s easy and all you do is run around and play games!” Esther tried to get her new best friend on board with her favourite class. She felt another twinge in her bladder, but was incredibly thankful that she had time to pee before class.

Annie shrugged. “I’m not good at running and stuff.” She looked down at her shoes.

“It’s okay,” Esther replied, “Just have fun!” She was trying not to do the potty dance in front of her new friend, but she felt herself getting more and more desperate as the moments went by.

Before she could use the bathroom, Esther decided to change into her gym clothes. She sat down on the wooden change room bench and pulled down her blue pleated skirt. Her legs were jiggling now, trying to keep her pee at bay. She squeezed her legs together, holding on as best she could. Pulling on the matching blue shorts proved to be a bit more difficult. Her thighs were pressed tightly together and loosening them made her leak just a little into her panties. Esther gasped, feeling a spurt of wetness. She quickly pulled on the white t-shirt and set down her gym bag, her uniform safely tucked away inside. “I’ll be right back,” she told Annie and walked briskly down the hall to the girls’ bathroom. With each step, her bladder bounced around inside her, desperately wanting to release its contents into her blue cotton shorts. Esther stopped for a moment, trying to adjust herself, one leg wrapped around the other.

“Esther!” Mrs. Ireland called, “What are you doing? We’re starting a game of dodge ball.”

“I just needed to go-”

“Come with me, there’s no escape from your first PE class of the year,” Mrs. Ireland ignored Esther’s plea, pulling her arm and forcing her into the gym.

Esther held tighter, her knees pressed together, one ankle wrapped around the other.

“Where were you?” Annie asked.

“I tried to go to the bathroom, but Mrs. Ireland said I had to come to class,” Esther replied, pressing on her crotch. She adjusted herself again. Maybe she could make it for a little while.

On the other side of the gym, Addison and Flossie were snickering and pointing at Annie, pretending they needed to go pee and miming Annie’s actions. Flossie threw a ball in Annie and Esther’s direction, missing them by a hair. Esther shot her ex-best-friend an angry stare and threw the ball back to them with little to no force or accuracy. Usually she was much better at sport, but today her efforts were focused elsewhere. She felt another spurt leak into her panties and squeezed harder. Esther knew she wouldn’t make it much longer.

Esther grabbed herself and sauntered over to her teacher. “Mrs. Ireland?”

The teacher looked down at her desperate student, “Yes?”

“Can I go to the bathroom?” Esther asked, barely able to keep still.

“Esther, you just had recess. I think you can hold it at least until the end of the game. Can you wait five minutes?”

Esther pressed harder on her crotch. “But-”

“I need you to wait,” Mrs. Ireland replied, “You’re a big girl. You can hold it.”

Esther whimpered and headed back to her friend.

“I thought you needed to use the washroom,” Annie said.

“She wouldn’t let me go,” Esther whined, “And I have to go so bad…” Esther danced, rubbing her thighs together. Her potty dance wasn’t helping. She didn’t think she would make it another second, let alone another five. Esther knew there wasn’t any point in asking again. She dug her hand into her crotch and bent her knees, trying to hold on.

“Are you okay?!” Annie gasped, feeling instant empathy.

“N-no… I have to go pee really bad…” Esther whimpered. Her legs were shaking. She felt another gush of pee soak her panties.

Mrs. Ireland walked over to Esther and grabbed her arm, “Esther, if you really need to go that badly, then go ahead.”

Esther was shaking, both hands pressing hard on her crotch. She could barely move, but tried to shuffle off as quickly as she could to the bathrooms. She felt another fierce spurt soak her panties and shorts. Esther could see the door to the girls room just a few feet away. Another pang of desperation hit. It was too much for Esther to hold in. She sprang a leak, trying to plug it with her hands, but failing. Pee soaked her blue cotton shorts and dribbled a few drops onto the laminate floors.

Esther tried to keep holding as she entered the bathroom and pushed open the first stall. She had to go so badly, she didn’t even close the door. Esther squeezed herself one last time and tried to pull down her shorts, but it was too late. Her bladder could take no more, and burst from her hold. Pee rushed through her already sopping underwear, drenching her absorbent cotton gym shorts. She sat down on the toilet, pee dripping from her clothes into the toilet. Then the bathroom door swung open, revealing a stern looking Mrs. Ireland. Esther looked up at her new teacher, then down at her wet shorts and began to cry a river of tears.

Penny’s legs were shaking. “How long is this going to take?” she asked, trying to hide that she was bursting.

“Not long,” the doctor replied, applying the cold jelly to her patient’s abdomen, “You must be ready to burst.”

Penny shivered, leaking a bit into her underwear. She tried to smile in response, but just looked uncomfortable. The ultrasound machine began to make its familiar whirring heartbeat sounds as her baby was revealed.

The doctor wore a look of mild concern, moving the transducer around and searching for abnormalities. Her expression went from concerned to intrigue. “Looks like you two are expecting twins.”

“Twins?!” Penny was shocked, but excited.

Jack tried not to think about the complications of two babies and their already very dependent six-year-old son and feigned joy.

“Everything looks good so far. Do you want to know the sexes?”

Penny looked to Jack, whose once blissful state seemed to fade.

Jack exhaled, trying to focus on the task at hand. “Yes please.” He smiled at his wife, thinking of the evening of their child’s conception. His pants soaked in her urine. Their passionate exchange in a dark alley. Jack realized he would never be able to tell this story to anyone and began concocting a lie about the twins’ conception, should he ever have to tell that story.

Penny and Jack sat at the kitchen table, holding hands and beaming at each other. Ezra sat next to his father, dazed in his wheelchair. Esther had just come home from school with her wet bag of gym strip and underpants that she had thrown directly into the washing machine in hopes that nobody would know about her accident. She sat next to her brother, Elias, who looked just as put-out as she was. Elias sat boredly with his elbows on the table, hands holding his face up in a blank stare. He wasn’t excited for another kid. Where were they going to sleep? His room was far too small to share. Ezra needed the other small room. Edith and Esther were already sharing a room… Elias sighed and looked to Edith, who had no idea what was going on. She was sitting at the edge of her seat in excited anticipation. Elias wished he was still in grade seven and had her innocence.

“Kids, I have something to tell you,” Penny excitedly said.

Elias rolled his eyes. He knew exactly what was being announced. It made him angry. It seemed irresponsible to be having another child when they already had the burden of looking after Ezra.

“I just wanted you all to know,” Penny began, trying to downplay her excitement, “the reason I’ve been sick lately is because… I’m pregnant! You’re going to have two little sisters in March.”

“Are you excited, Daddy?” Esther asked.

Jack gave her a half-smile, “I’ll be excited when we know for sure that your little sisters are healthy. For now, I’m trying not to think about it too much.”

Elias had never seen his father look so concerned about a pregnancy. Even when Ezra was diagnosed, Dad never seemed too put out. He didn’t want to ask Dad any more about it. His sisters remained silent as well.

Thanks for reading! Currently accepting name suggestions for the twins and (as always) more suggestions for future chapters.

I am working on: a romper wetting at the mall featuring the three leading ladies (thanks 126!), a snowsuit wetting, and another school wetting featuring Edith, but a different scenario than what you've just read.

