Classic Car Woes

Author: stinklerus

*000*2012-04-12 19:01

Here is another story. it's not about jill this time, but a similar theme. Enjoy:-

Sally looked dejectedly through the windscreen of the jeep. All she could see was the mock US army emblem which her husband had painstakingly painted to complete the restoration of the ex WW2 vehicle. Bill, her husband, was very proud of his jeep. He had totally restored it over several winters and they had attended several classic car rallies over the summer. Today they had been at a large classic vehicle event held at a historic country estate. It was over a 3 hour drive away from their home, so they had trailered the jeep down and were staying in a hotel just outside the nearest main town.

Sally enjoyed taking part in these events as it gave her the chance to indulge in her passion for vintage clothing. She had a large collection of retro garments which she wore at every opportunity, and these rallies allowed her to meet other women with a similar interest, and had gained her many new friends.

Today she was wearing a women’s air force uniform from the 40’s. It consisted of a jacket, skirt and blouse, complete with tie, gloves and hat. The jacket was quite fitted and came in at the waist, whilst the skirt was also quite tight fitting at the hips before it widened out with the hem just about knee height. Sally was quite shapely, so the outfit suited her and she looked quite attractive. To finish off and to make her outfit as authentic as possible she wore stockings, suspenders and white cotton knickers. These were not full directoire knickers or bloomers, but full cut briefs. She wore these to make her outfit seem as realistic as possible, as she thought it was no good if someone accidentally got a glimpse up your skirt and saw you wearing modern skimpy knickers under such an otherwise authentic costume.

All in all they had enjoyed a great day out. Bill had been in his element with all his fellow old vehicle enthusiast mates, whilst Sally had also had a great time meeting her old friends as well as being introduced to some new ones. The weather had been glorious and they had been sitting in the sun picnicking and drinking tea whilst the crowds had wandered past admiring their displays. They had left the rally shortly after the gates closed to the public, and had been making their way back to their hotel, which was on the far side of town from the rally location, when the jeep had given a few splutters and stopped.

Bill had managed to pull into the side of the road before they had come to a stop, and as they were on the main road through an industrial estate just outside town the road was fairly wide and luckily the traffic could pass them easily so they were not causing any hold up. Bill was fiddling away under the bonnet, trying to find the problem and talking away to himself as he always did when trying to solve something. He sounded quite cheerful, which was good, because it reassured Sally as she thought he couldn’t be thinking it was anything major.

However, the traffic and the breakdown were not foremost in Sally’s mind at the moment. Her problem was that she was starting to feel that she really needed to pee. She wasn’t at the desperate stage yet, but nevertheless she was starting to feel pretty uncomfortable. In fact she was feeling so uncomfortable that instead of standing on the pavement watching Bill fiddle about with the engine, she had gone back to sitting in the passenger seat. At least here she could cross her legs and give her thighs a discreet squeeze together every now and then to help her feel a little easier.

After they had been stopped for about twenty minutes, Sally called to Bill and asked him if he thought he could get it going again. He replied that he thought he had found the problem and was putting the bits he removed back in place. Sally was glad to hear this, as her need was increasing by the moment. She began to regret not having gone to the loo before they left the rally. It wasn’t as if she hadn’t gone all day or anything, as she had used the loo several times throughout the day. However, by the time they had left the site it had been after official closing time for the estate and the public toilets had been closed. That had only left the portaloos, which by that time of day were not very pleasant, to say the least.

In fact some of her friends had commented on how badly they smelt earlier in the afternoon, and as the day wore on more and more of them had “Out of Order” signs on the door. Sally had decided that she had not needed to go that badly and that she would easily wait till she got back to the hotel, or, if she began to need more urgently, she would get Bill to stop at a toilet in town. That was her intention now, as she waited for him to finish re-assembling bits of the engine. She would get him to stop in town so she could relieve herself before carrying on to the hotel. It would mean she wouldn’t have to rush in once they arrived at the hotel and she would enjoy the last part of the journey so much more.

She was glad that Bill thought he had solved the problem, as she was starting to need to go quite badly. She had even been glancing around to see if there was anywhere secluded enough where she could have an emergency pee if Bill couldn’t get the jeep going in time. She had not been able to see anywhere suitable though, as there was nothing but wide open car parks in front of big modern office buildings. All access to the rear of the buildings, and to what would for her have been a degree of privacy, was blocked off by the usual array of security fencing. Sally was by no means prudish, and would have readily gone behind a hedge or wall if necessary, but there was just nowhere she could identify as suitable, so the toilets in town would be the best option.

As she sat there, occasionally pressing a hand into her crotch to help ease the need, her mind wandered back to other times when she had been really desperate and had been forced to go somewhere less than ideal. She comforted herself with the thought that, no matter how desperate she had been, she had never actually wet herself. There had certainly been several very close shaves, but she could honestly say that she had never had an accident as an adult. The one instance which stuck in her mind above all others was the one which had been the closest of all. In fact her friend Mavis had actually lost control and peed her knickers that evening and the sight and sound of her wetting herself had almost been too much for Sally. They had been away in the city for a few days together and were walking back to their hotel after a night out at the theatre, followed by a quiet drink.

They had underestimated how long it would take to get back to the hotel and had ended up frantically trying to and find somewhere where they could relieve themselves, as they had both been absolutely desperate. They had almost reached an alleyway when Sally had heard Mavis give a little gasp, which was immediately followed by a hiss and a splashing noise. She had turned to look at her friend and had seen her standing with a shocked look on her face, her legs spread as far apart as her skirt would allow and a torrent of pee pouring between her legs.

In the condition Sally had been in it had almost been too much for her, and she only just managed into the alleyway and to get her knickers down just in time. Mavis had been absolutely mortified by the accident, and reacted with a mixture of embarrassment and guilt. She had kept apologising to Sally, and saying that she had been unable to hold it any longer. Sally too had been taken aback at the sight of a respectable, 44 year old losing control and wetting herself like a schoolgirl. What had been more frightening for her was the fact that she had been so close to having an accident herself, and had never been so relieved to get her knickers down to pee.

The sound of Bill closing the bonnet brought her back to the present. He was smiling as always as he hopped into the driver’s seat, wiping his oily hands with an old rag. “Should be us now love” he announced cheerfully. “ Just some dirt in the fuel system”. Sally smiled back at him. He was a wonderful husband. Understanding, considerate, good looking and fun to be with. Sally thought of how lucky she was to have him, as she was sure some of her friends were interested in him. The jeep spluttered into life and they set off again. There was still quite a lot of traffic on the main road, but they managed to keep up fairly easily at town speeds.

They soon came to the main roundabout into town and Sally started to anticipate the relief she would soon be able to get at the public toilets in town. She had not mentioned her need to Bill yet, as she was just going to ask him to stop for a moment when they got to the town centre. Her need was becoming more severe now, and she her legs squeezed hard together most of the time. She was definitely going to have to ask him to stop at the toilets, as there was no way she was going to make it all the way back to the hotel.

Then, to her complete horror, instead of going straight on at the roundabout and heading for the town centre, Bill took the first exit onto another road. “Where are we going?” asked Sally with more than a hint of concern in her voice. “It’s ok” Bill replied. “This takes us around town and out of traffic. It’s a bit longer, but we won’t cause a traffic jam if we have another fuel blockage. It’s more scenic too” he added. Sally wondered whether she should ask him to turn round and go back through town, but instead she asked “How much longer will it take?” Bill replied that it would only add another 15 minutes or so to the journey. Provided they had no more breakdowns, of course. Sally considered her situation for a moment. Her need had temporarily lessened, so she decided that if it was only 15 minutes she would surely to hold on that long, so she said “That’ll be fine. It will be nice seeing a different road.”

After about 5 minutes, however, she started to wish she had insisted they had gone back to go through town. The jeep had no doors or windows at the sides, but was just open to the outside. Bill had side screens for it but had not fitted them today because the weather was so good. But now the rush of air past them as they travelled along was not helping Sally at all. The cool air was flowing around her and chilling her bare thighs above her stocking tops, increasing her need more than ever.

That, along with the less than smooth suspension on the country road was sending all sorts of signals to her straining bladder. She had gone quiet, but Bill was chatting away about the day’s events and bits of news from his friends. Sally was managing to respond, but only with one word answers or comments, as she was becoming increasingly desperate. She had crossed her legs tightly and was discreetly pressing one hand into her crotch. She had not said anything to Bill yet about having being desperate for the loo, but she was going to have to tell him soon.

As they drove along, she started to look out for a suitable spot where they could stop to let her relieve herself. At that particular moment they were driving through an area where there were houses dotted along the roadside, so stopping there was out of the question. Sally had now decided to tell Bill about her plight, so that he would stop as soon as they reached a suitable spot, so she said, somewhat sheepishly “I’m absolutely desperate for the loo. Do you think we could find somewhere where I could go. I’ll never make it to the hotel, I’m absolutely bursting! I was going to ask you to stop at the toilets in town, but you took this road before I could say.” Bill was immediately concerned about the situation, and felt guilty about not asking his wife if she was ok before taking the longer route back. “I’m sorry love” he said. “I didn’t realise. Will you be alright.”

“I thought I would manage” Sally replied, “ but now I am really struggling. If we don’t find somewhere to stop soon I’m afraid I might wet myself. I don’t think can wait much longer. I’m really desperate.” Bill turned to look at his wife, and saw she had her legs tightly squeezed together and was pressing one hand hard into her crotch. She had a very worried look on her face and could hardly sit still. “Hold on, love” he said. “It’s not far now. I’ve got the old girl going as fast as she can!”

Sally was now in a state of considerable desperation, and was quickly realising that it was only going to be a matter of time before she lost control and wet her knickers. In fact, her need was now so bad that she considered the most she was going to be able to hold on was about another two minutes. She somehow managed to look out at the passing countryside, and noticed that they had left the scattered houses behind them, and were approaching a slight rise in the road with a row of small trees on their side.

She decided that they were going to have to stop next to the trees, or it would be too late. On this unfamiliar road it would be better to get out and squat behind these than to gamble on there being any better cover further along, and anyway, she was now almost at bursting point and there was little possibility of holding on much longer. So she said to Bill “We’re going to have to pull over. I can’ t wait any longer! It’s nearly coming out! Please, Bill, please. Look for somewhere to stop beside these trees.”

Bill looked at her again, and saw she almost had tears in her eyes. Both her hands were now firmly pressed into her crotch and she was rocking back and forth on the edge of her seat. “Ok, love he said. Hold on. You’ll be alright. We’ll just pull over into this opening here.” Bill had actually been on the lookout for a suitable spot ever since his wife had first told him of her predicament, as he did not want her to suffer the humiliation of having an accident. He had spotted an opening in the trees just up ahead and pulled onto the verge beside it. Almost before the jeep had come to a stop, Sally leapt out.

However, as soon as her feet touched the ground, she felt a small spurt of pee escape into her knickers. She twisted her legs together and squeezed both hands hard into her crotch in an attempt to regain control. Bill thought for a moment that she had been too late, and fully expected to see a torrent of pee come from under her skirt, but somehow she managed to keep control, and started to waddle off behind the trees. She was really struggling though, and had her thighs pressed together and was walking by moving her legs from the knees down. Sally found that the branches of the trees close to the gate were quite thin and did not have much in the way of leaves, meaning that they did not offer as much cover as she wanted.

She was aware that there was a good bit of traffic on the road and did not want to be seen by anyone whilst she was relieving herself. She therefore attempted to get further along the back of the trees to where the braches were thicker and would offer more cover. At least the jeep was blocking the entrance to the field , so no other vehicle was likely to stop at the moment. She continued to waddle along, pulling up the hem of her skirt as she went.

Then another spurt escaped her, she had to drop her skirt again and grasp herself with both hand for all she was fit. She decided that she had gone far enough and that the cover, although not perfect, was going to have to do. She let go with both hands and started to raise her skirt to get to the waistband of her knickers, at the same time starting to squat in preparation. Much to her horror, as she spread her legs and did so another spasm hit her, and before she knew it pee was pouring through the gusset of her knickers and running down her thighs.

The relief felt so good that she just held her skirt up out of the flow and squatted down, emptying her tortured bladder into her knickers. She felt like she peed for ages, and sobbed with a mixture of relief and shock. When she had drained her bladder completely she pulled down her sodden knickers and stepped out of them. The gusset and back was saturated with hot yellow pee, but the top around the waistband was still dry. She wiped her thighs and stockings as best she could with the drier parts of her knickers, before rearranging her skirt and returning to the jeep, still sobbing.

Bill had been concerned about how long his wife had been gone, and had been about to go and see if she was alright when she reappeared. He knew as soon as he saw her that something was wrong, and saw that she was carrying something white which she had not had when she went behind the trees. “Are you ok, love?” he asked, as she got back in beside him, to which she replied “No, not really. You see, no. I was too late. I’m afraid I had a bit of an accident. I’ve pissed my knickers. I’ve had to take them off, they are soaking. Just get back to the hotel so that I can shower.”

On the route back to the hotel, Sally went over the events in her mind. The worst part of the experience for her had been the fact that she had completely lost control. She was only thankful that she had wet herself where no-one had been able to see her. The thought of her having been in the same situation in a public place or in company did not really bear thinking about. She resolved to be sure to visit the loo before leaving a rally even if she did not really need, especially in an unreliable vehicle like Bill’s jeep!

