A Fortunate Accident

Author: Sunny

*000*2011-10-08 10:07

A Fortunate Accident

Male desperation/ wetting and a little bit of boy-boy romance if you turn it upside down and shake it real hard.

###

“Okie dokie then! It looks like everything is ready to go, right Hari?” Shigure said as Hatori slammed the car trunk closed. It had barely fit over everyone’s bags.

“Everything is packed if that’s what you mean,” Hatori said with a soft yawn, “But we’re missing someone.” Tohru looked around. Shigure was sitting in the car sideways with his legs hanging out the door. Hatori was leaning casually against the trunk and Kyou was leaning against a tree a little ways from the car. Yuki was missing.

“Well, well, it looks like our little Yuki decided to sleep in…” Shigure chuckled.

“I thought you said you woke him up?” Hatori asked Shigure irritably.

“I did. For about five seconds. I set his alarm to give him an extra thirty minutes, since he was packed already and he gets ready fast,” Shigure shrugged, “He probably slept through it again. Kyou?”

“What?” the redheaded boy asked irritably, shoving his hands in his pockets with a glare at his dog-cursed guardian.

“Go get Yuki will you? If he punches you, you can take it,” Shigure said with a silly smile. Kyou growled at such things, kicking a rock.

“Fine, fine…I’ll go get that damn rat…” he grumbled, turning towards the house.

“Thank you!!!” Shigure called out in a sing-song voice as Kyou walked into the house.

Secretly, Kyou was pleased to be able to go and wake up his cousin. Yuki had always been of great interest to Kyou, ever since they were children. As he moved through the living room, a faint echo of guilt gnawed at him when the memory of the first time he met Yuki floated through his mind. Yuki was a very pretty child, but he was the Rat. Kyou had been unnecessarily mean to the little boy for that reason. Kyou remembered how those hopeful lavender orbs filled with tears. Kyou had felt conflicted and ran away. Yuki was more of a mouse than a rat. Still, Kyou found something mesmerizing about the way Yuki’s eyes would well up with tears. As they got older, Kyou saw the reaction less and less. Yuki became withdrawn for whatever his reasons and Kyou stopped seeing any sort of reaction from Yuki at all. The smiles were fake, he never looked upset, and he seemed to distance himself from everyone.

Kyou sighed and ran his fingers through his hair as he headed up the stairs. As soon as he found himself in the hallway, he could hear the shrill ring of his cousin’s alarm clock. He shook his head as he walked to the door. How Yuki managed to sleep though that every morning was beyond him. He wasn’t even in the room yet and he was already developing a headache. He wanted to get this over with so the ringing would stop. He opened the door and was stunned by what he found.

He’d never been in Yuki’s room before, there was no reason to. He’d expected everything to be neat and organized, not a pencil out of place. Instead…he found a teenaged boy’s room. There were books laying open, dirty clothes on the floor, and a few water glasses sitting around various surfaces. Yuki himself was curled up in a gorgon’s knot of blankets, his head jammed under a pillow while his alarm screamed next to him.

Kyou pressed the button on the top to stop the wailing thing and turned his attentions to his cousin again. He sighed, wondering if he was going to need to start ducking punches.

“Hey. Get up, or we’ll leave you here,” Kyou grumbled, prodding his cousin’s shoulder. Yuki groaned and rolled away, tangling himself further in the blankets. Kyou sighed. This is going to be harder than I thought. He ran his hand through his hair and walked around the bed, trying to figure out where the source of Yuki’s sheet tangle came from. Once he found it, he carefully unwrapped Yuki from the blankets and tossed them aside. Yuki whimpered at this and curled into a ball. A slight smile played on Kyou’s lips; Yuki was cute.

“Hey, Yuki. Come on, get up. We’re leaving now,” he said, shaking Yuki’s shoulder. After much groaning and more prodding, Yuki’s eyes opened to half mast. He looked dazed and Kyou knew he was only half awake. Kyou kept prodding enough to get Yuki to sit up; his pretty purple eyes still sleep fogged. Shaking his head, Kyou went over to Yuki’s drawer and grabbed a pair of jeans and a shirt from his closet. He set them next to Yuki, who started to get dressed automatically. Kyou blushed and turned around.

It wasn’t like he’d never seen Yuki naked before, what with how often they transformed around each other, but this was different. Yuki didn’t even know he was changing and Kyou felt like enough of a pervert as it was just being in the room. He was contemplating peeking to see if Yuki had finished dressing himself or not when he felt a sudden pressure against his shoulder. He turned and found that Yuki had pressed his forehead there and started sleeping again. A faint blush tickled Kyou’s cheeks as he gently guided his sleepy cousin off of him, then down to the car.

“Awww bless him, Yuki is still asleep,” Shigure laughed. Kyou scoffed and rolled his eyes.

“Yeah, yeah, and it was annoying as hell to get him out of bed. Can we go now?” Kyou said irritably as Yuki leaned against him, sleeping again. Shigure just laughed in agreement and soon everyone was piling into the car.

Kyou contested to giving Tohru a window seat, since he knew she’d like to watch the scenery, and slid into the middle seat. He’d hoped that by giving Yuki the remaining window seat, he’d stop sleeping on his shoulder and lean against the window instead. Much to Kyou’s slight aggravation, that did not happen. Apparently, his shoulder was a lot more comfy than the hard, cold window, and Yuki sleepily cuddled against his arm, making a soft, sad whimpering noise when Kyou tried to shoo him off. Sighing, Kyou just relaxed in defeat and let Yuki use his shoulder for a pillow until whenever Yuki decided to join the land of the living.

###

It was some hours later that Yuki started to wake up. All he knew that he was hitting that incredibly annoying moment of consciously sleeping. He knew he was sleeping, and he would rather like to get back to doing so thank you very much. He determinedly kept his eyes closed as he nuzzled against the warm, firm thing that was acting as his pillow for the moment. However, his body seemed to have other ideas. A heavy, uncomfortable pressure was pressing down in his lower abdomen, making him shift his hips to try and get comfortable.

“Hey, if you’re gonna wake up, couldja please do it already?” Kyou’s voice snapped from above Yuki a moment later. His eyes snapped open as his brain tried to process the utter confusion. He looked up and quickly took in his surroundings. He was in a car and using Kyou’s arm as a pillow. Mortified, he sat up sharply but only succeeded in banging his head hard against the glass window. He bit down on the inside of his cheek to keep from crying out, but he couldn’t stop his hands from flying back to cover the point of pain on the back of his head.

“Oh gosh, Yuki! Are you okay?” Tohru fretted, leaning over in her seat to look at Yuki with worry. Kyou just started to laugh, which made Yuki growl in irritation and embarrassment.

“Oh shut up you stupid cat,” he grumbled, rubbing the back of his head.

“Hey, I’m not the idiot who slammed his head into a window,” Kyou chuckled.

“Shut up or I’ll slam your head into a window, stupid cat,” Yuki snapped at him, still grouchy from waking up and hurting himself.

“Call me stupid again and I’ll---”

“Both of you knock it off!” Hatori snapped from the driver’s seat. Both boys immediately faced forward.

“Good. Do not fight in this car. Wait until we get to the lake house,” Hatori said sternly. It was a tone that held unquestionable authority, making Yuki and Kyou grumble and turn away from each other.

“You should move in with me, Hari, I can’t get them to stop! My house has sustained so much damage…” Shigure whined.

“Well maybe you should learn how to be a better parental figure,” Hatori sighed, which prompted more whining on Shigure’s part.

Yuki sighed in irritation and looked out the window at the scenery passing by while Shigure and Hatori argued. This is why I hate car trips. And whose bright idea was it to stick me next to that stupid cat in the first place? He thought as they drove along. The trees and cars passed by as Yuki stared dully out the window, wondering how long he’d been asleep and how much longer they had to go until they got there. He yawned, still drowsy from waking up only a little while ago. Might as well just go back to sleep until we get there. He thought with a soft sigh. He leaned against the window and closed his eyes, relaxing. That only lasted for a second or two. The moment his body fell into a relaxed state, he was sharply reminded of what woke him up in the first place by a sudden pang in his bladder. Ugh…Crap…he thought, pressing his thighs together. He nibbled his lip and shifted, trying to get comfortable.

For Yuki, this was probably the worst thing that could possibly happen while on a road trip. He was the responsible one, the straight A student, and class rep for his first year in high school. He went before he got into cars. Only…he didn’t remember even getting into this particular car. Was it his fault that someone had taken advantage of his sleepy state and shoved him in a car before he had a chance to use the bathroom? He wondered how long it would take to get to the lake house. He hadn’t gone since before dinner last night and he’d had a lot to drink the night before. Needless to say, he needed a bathroom pretty badly.

Yuki bit his cheek against the small, frustrated sound that wanted to escape as he shifted again. This isn’t good, he thought, I would be fine right now if I’d been able to go before I left. I had at least three cups of tea at dinner, plus water after. He had to bite his cheek again and cross his ankles at the thought of how much liquid his bladder was trying to contain. It wasn’t comfortable, not at all, but it wasn’t exactly an emergency either. I can make it to the lake house, I’ve been sleeping awhile. We shouldn’t be all that far away. He thought. Yuki shifted quickly, pressing his legs together a little tighter as his bladder gave a menacing throb, protesting his train of thought. But… he’d been in worse pains before; Yuki knew he’d be able to deal fine with this.

An hour later, Yuki was not dealing as fine as he’d hoped. The pressure in his bladder had gone from uncomfortable to agonizing. And it relentlessly demanded to be relived. Yuki, on the other hand, was in no power to answer that need. Instead, he just wriggled and tapped his foot now and then, or squirmed and crossed his ankles, tensing his abdominals against the thrashing contractions of his bladder. He still hadn’t made any noise; the inside of his cheek had gone numb from how often he bit it to keep from doing so. Oh my God, I have to go so bad! I’ve never had to go this bad in my life! He thought as he bit his cheek again, then his lip, as he wiggled slightly in his seat. Nervously, he glanced at everyone else in the car to see if they’d noticed.

Hatori seemed to be focused on driving, Shigure focused on babbling. Tohru was looking out the window opposite, and Kyou was listening to music. Yuki nibbled at his lip and looked out the window again. He was safe for now, but he wasn’t sure how much longer he could put up with this. His stomach was starting to hurt from all the pressure. I wonder how long until we get there? How long have we been in the car? We usually have to stop for gas on this trip…Yuki thought with the last bit of his mind that wasn’t focused on keeping himself in control. He nervously looked around for any clues he could pick up on, for he certainly didn’t want to ask. If he did, he knew Hatori would ask why he’d asked, and then the whole car would know. Yuki blushed at the thought. He couldn’t have that; it was far too embarrassing.

Much to Yuki’s dismay, Shigure chose that moment to offer Hatori some kind of unhealthy snack food, which the doctor declined. Yuki felt his stomach drop, which did not help his bladder at all. He knew Tohru didn’t buy those sorts of snacks, as she was very health conscious and careful with what she let them eat. The only explanation was that they must have already stopped while he was asleep. Ugh, no…they must have gotten gas already… Why does the universe hate me so badly? Ngg, I have to go! Yuki thought, the tiniest whimper escaping unheard as he rocked slightly in his seat. His bladder was clearly angry with him, even though it was not at all his fault that no one woke him up when they were at a rest stop. It convulsed so badly it made Yuki question if he could even hold it until they got to the lake house.

Another spasm caused Yuki to groan and cross his legs, fingers curling into the fabric of his jeans at the knees. Mmmn…This is really bad, I have to go really bad…He thought, suppressing a whimper of pain as he jiggled in his seat, his fingers tightening their grip on his jeans. He glanced out the window with a worried look, trying to figure out by landmarks how far away they were from the lake house. Much to his relief, he realized he did know where they were and that they weren’t very far. They just needed to go over a bridge and up the mountain path that the house rested on. It was maybe another hour, a little less than that even. I have to wait. I can’t ask to go because we’re too close, so I have to wait…Yuki thought, biting his lip with worry.

A half hour later, they had reached the bridge, but Yuki was so desperate he couldn’t sit still at all anymore. He shifted and wiggled, biting his lip and bouncing his knees as his bladder forcibly demanded that it be relieved that instant. Oh God….ohgodohgodohgod… I have to go right now! Only…only another half hour, only another half hour…Yuki thought desperately, his face pinched up as he fought off his need. His hands had inched back off his knees, curling in his jeans at the mid thigh now. It was all he could do to keep from holding himself like a little kid, and he had least had enough dignity to prevent that for now.

As he squirmed again, trying to prevent an accident, he realized that the car was not moving. He looked up and to his absolute horror; he realized they were stuck in stop and go traffic. Oh no...he thought with a sickening dread. They were stuck on a bridge, in the middle lane, in stop and go traffic. Even if he decided to beg Hatori to pull over, he couldn’t. There was no way to get over and no where for Yuki to go even if he did. Yuki was trapped in a car, with no where to go, and was getting to the point where he couldn’t not go.

Minutes crawled by in agonizing slow motion as Yuki practically danced in his seat. He’d gone from bad to worse, so desperate he was in pain. His bladder was stretched out and hard, pressing against his tight pants and the seat belt. Oh God, the seat belt…Yuki felt like he was dying with the evil thing settled right over his bladder, adding more unnecessary pressure. And every time Hatori hit the breaks it would tighten, making him feel like he was being stabbed. His stomach hurt and he’d broken out into a cold sweat, heart hammering in a panic as each terrible throb of his bladder echoed worse than the last. Oh my God, I can’t hold it anymore! It hurts! I have to go…Ohhh, I have to go! Yuki thought as he squirmed, no longer caring if anyone saw and that it was strange.

A car darted in front of Hatori, causing him to slam the breaks at the last second. As a result, everyone in the car lurched forward making the seat belts tighten fast and pull them back. When the thin strap jerked hard against Yuki’s oversensitive bladder, he lost it for a second. He gasped out loud, legs trembling and tightening as much as he could, but it wasn’t enough. A sudden stream escaped his hold, dampening his boxers. In a panic, his hand shot between his legs as he curled forward to make it stop. For one horrible, agonizing moment, Yuki thought he was going to loose control completely and pee right there in the car. One horrible second turned into two, the stream quieting down to a mere dribble.

As two turned to three, it stopped completely leaving Yuki shaking and panting softly. He couldn’t move for another moment or two, afraid that he’d wet himself if he did. Steadily, he regained his control and moved his hand off himself, glancing down. There wasn’t a spot on his pants, thank God, but his underwear was uncomfortably wet in the front now. Oh God…That didn’t just happen…he thought, blushing. His bladder was angry with him, throbbing viciously because he’d put an end to its relief. It made him squirm some more until the convulsing stopped; terrified he’d loose control again. I can’t wait anymore! He thought, licking his lips nervously as he glanced up at Hatori in the rearview.

“Um…Hatori?” he called softly, trying to keep his voice even.

“What is it?” Hatori asked, tense from the traffic, which made Yuki nervous. He hoped he wouldn’t get mad at him for asking.

“How much longer until we get to the lake house?” he asked in a shy voice.

“I don’t know, Yuki, it’s hard to tell with the traffic,” he sighed irritably. Yuki blushed pink and looked down.

“Oh. Okay,” he mumbled, shifting again. This time, Hatori caught that as he’d been looking in the rearview mirror to talk to his younger cousin.

“Why?” he asked, tone less irritable and more concerned. Yuki just blushed more, feeling eyes on him in the car. The nerves made him squirm again, bladder trembling.

“I um…I have to go to the bathroom,” he admitted softly, ears burning with shame.

“I see. Well the traffic looks like it’s clearing up on the other side of the bridge. Once we pass that it’ll be about twenty minutes. Can you hold it until then?” Hatori said, making Yuki blush and shift with shame. He only nodded, not looking at anyone.

“Not that you have much choice if you can’t, Yuki. Although we do have a bottle in the back you could—”

“No.” Yuki said flatly, cutting off Shigure attempt to tease with a glare.

“Alright, alright. I was just trying to help,” Shigure said, sighing dramatically.

“Stop helping,” Hatori said, using his stern parental voice on Shigure now instead, which made him pout. Dying of shame, and his need to urinate, Yuki curled himself against the door and tried to pretend this wasn’t happening.

On the other hand, Kyou couldn’t believe this was happing. He had noticed his perfect, emotionless, robotic cousin had been fidgety the whole ride. Kyou hadn’t thought anything of it, except that it was annoying. But his little announcement made all the fidgeting make sense. Kyou looked at him in surprise. He’d never in his life heard his cousin admit to having a human need before. He watched as Yuki squirmed some more, a quiet little whimper escaping his lips as though he was trying to keep quiet. Kyou smirked slightly. It had been a while since he’d seen Yuki acting like a person that, even circumstances considered, he couldn’t help but find it cute.

Yuki himself was far too concerned with his bladder to notice who was looking at him. He was twisted up like an overly desperate pretzel. He moaned softly, no longer caring what everyone else in the car thought, he had to go so bad he thought he was going to throw up. His stomach churned whenever his bladder throbbed and he kept shivering hot and cold. Mmmnn…I have to go so, so bad! I don’t think I’m gonna make it…Yuki thought, whimpering as he squirmed in his seat.

A sudden, painful contraction of his bladder made him gasp and hold himself with both hands, but it didn’t help as he lost control again. The flow was stronger than the last and harder to stop, making him whimper and double over as he felt a wet warmth spreading beneath his hands. No! No no no please no, not in the car…Ohhh it’s coming out… He thought, tears swimming in his eyes. It was an entire five seconds of sickening relief that ended with a baseball sized wet spot on the front of his pants. He trembled, panting, and refused to uncurl himself.

“Yuki, are you alright?” Hatori asked, having noticed the increase of squirming the young teen was doing. Yuki only nodded numbly, even if it was furthest from the truth.

“Fifteen minutes and we’ll be at the house,” he said in a gentle tone.

“O-okay…” Yuki whimpered, unable to keep his voice from cracking. Shigure felt so bad for his younger cousin that he didn’t even make a joke that time, though privately he was beginning to wonder if the bottle needed to become an actual option.

“Can you even make it fifteen minutes?” Kyou asked, looking skeptical at Yuki’s current position.

“Shut up, stupid cat…” Yuki managed to grumble out.

“Hey, I’m not the one who’s about to pee himself in the car like a baby,” Kyou said casually.

“I’m not!” Yuki snapped, then whimpered and squirmed, nearly leaking again at the extra effort it took to yell.

“Ah…Kyou? Please don’t tease him,” Tohru said, giving Kyou a soft, pleading look. No one could ever say no to that, so Kyou sighed and relaxed against the seat, keeping one eye on his cousin. He’d never seen Yuki so out of control before. He was flushed so bad the tips of his ears were bright pink, which Kyou thought was highly adorable. He kept fidgeting and Kyou could see tears brimming in his eyes. He did feel bad for Yuki’s current predicament, but he couldn’t help but tease him a little for it. Yuki was cute when he got emotional.

The minutes seemed to go by slower on purpose, torturing Yuki even more. All he could think about was how badly he had to pee. Even when he’d tried to think about something else it led back to how bad he had to pee. He glanced at the clock after he swore was half an hour. Sadly, only three minutes had passed. He groaned and pressed his clammy forehead against the window. This is the longest fifteen minutes ever…Oh, I’m not gonna make it, I’m not gonna make it…Yuki thought. His vision fogged and he closed his eyes against a flood of tears. He was miserable, completely miserable, but he had to wait. Kyou would make fun of him if he had an accident and God only knew what everyone else would think.

Without warning, his bladder gave a sudden powerful lurch. Yuki moaned in pain as his hands flew to the front of his pants again, grappling and holding as his muscles squeezed desperately against the flood, but to no avail. A torrent of liquid streamed out of him at full force. The hot stream quickly re-soaked his cooling wet spots and spread down the inside of his thighs. Tears burned his eyes in shame as he felt the liquid pooling around his butt and soaking into the car seat.

He whimpered, clutching himself harder as he squirmed to stop the flood that was helplessly pouring out of him. He moaned and by some miracle of force managed to slow the torrent to a wavering stream that leaked a small trickle into his boxers before ending in tiny spurts. He could feel the pressure built up and he knew his muscles were now too strained to hold back. At the next lurch, which he could tell would be any minute now, he would loose control completely and wet himself in the car. His legs trembled and his stomach churned. There was only one way out of this.

“Sh-Shigure? I…I…” he whimpered, squirming in his seat. His older cousin turned around, looking at Yuki with sympathy.

“What do you need, Yuki? Are you okay?” he asked gently, all manners of joke out of his voice for once.

“You said…you said there was a bottle in the car, r-right?” Yuki moaned, voice trembling. Oh Miss Honda, please forgive me…I can’t hold it so I have to, I’m so sorry…what I’m going to do is so terribly impolite to do in front of a girl, but ohhh…oh I can’ help it…Yuki thought in all his misery. Shigure’s eyes widened.

“You can’t hold it?” he asked his cousin. He knew Yuki must not be able to hold it another moment if he was asking to use a bottle, especially when they were so near to the house.

“No, I…I really can’t…I…I’m wetting myself…” Yuki admitted with a whimper of shame, his face brilliantly red and tears in his eyes as he started to shift and fidget when the pressure began to increase again. He’d led a lot out in his last leak and now the rest of his bladder wanted to let go. And from the way his bladder kept trembling, it was going to let go any moment. Not needing to be told twice, Shigure shifted around the front seat until he found the bottle. Yuki was panting and holding himself with both hands by then.

“Shigure hurry…” he groaned, undoing the seat belt and scooting forward, angling himself so his back was to the rest of the passengers in the back seat. He quickly undid his button and fly, which made the little leaking flow start up again as Shigure handed him the bottle. It was small, half the size of a normal water bottle, but Yuki moaned in gratitude and quickly pulled his leaking member out of his soaking pants. He shuddered as he quickly lined himself up with the bottle’s opening. No sooner had he done so, the flood gates opened and Yuki was voiding endlessly into the small container.

Yuki made a sound of agonizing relief and rest his sweaty forehead against the back of the front passenger’s seat as the sound of his emptying bladder filled the car. Kyou stared at his cousin’s trembling form in astonishment. He’d seen the stain on the seat when Yuki scooted forward to use the bottle. He’d known his cousin was desperate, but he didn’t think the boy had been leaking so badly the whole time. He felt bad for him and wondered why Yuki hadn’t spoken up about his needs sooner. Any normal person would have, and he himself certainly would have! It just didn’t make any sense to him, and he felt guilty about teasing him earlier.

While Kyou pondered what could possibly have been going on inside his cousin’s head, Yuki suddenly became aware of a new problem: the bottle. Particularly, the bottle’s size, or rather lack there of. The tight rock that was his bladder had just barely begun to loosen, letting Yuki taste the euphoria of relief, when he realized the bottle was nearly filled. ‘Oh no…I don’t think I can stop!’ Yuki thought in a panic. Urine was jetting out the tip of him at full force, his muscles jelly-like from holding it so long. But the bottle was filling so fast…Yuki whimpered as he clenched his tired muscles, pain searing through his bladder as he tried to cut off the stream. It weakened, but didn’t stop.

“Shigure? Is…is there another bottle? This one’s almost full and I still need to…mmm…you know…” Yuki said with a soft, pained, embarrassed whimper. He was trying his hardest to stop the flow, but it kept spurting and trickling out into the bottle uncontrollably. Shigure sighed with pity in the front seat. He thought the bottle’s size might have been a problem.

“I’m sorry Yuki, but that’s all we had in here,” he sighed, “You’ll have to wait until we get to the lake house.” Yuki felt like crying when he heard this and another heavy spurt filled the bottle to the top.

“It’s not that much further, another five minutes. You let a sufficient amount out to give you a little time. You can go to the bathroom when we get there,” Hatori promised, speaking calmly in an attempt to sooth his cousin. Being the family doctor he knew for a fact that, like his lungs, Yuki’s bladder was on the weak side as well. He hoped some reassurances would ease some of the psychological distress he was feeling. It seemed to work and Yuki managed to stop himself from going long enough to cap the little bottle and tuck himself back into his jeans. He grimaced at the clammy, cold, wet feeling that teased him, egging him on to just finish relieving himself, but he hung on. Still, he couldn’t bring himself to zip and button his pants or re-buckle his seatbelt.

When Hatori told Yuki they were only five minutes away, he could have thanked any deity in the known world, but it came with a price. The road was bumpy. Each tremor of the car was echoed by a spasm in his bladder and his muscles were just too strained to hold back anymore. Each shudder sent a hot dribble into his already wet and clammy jeans. Ohhh not yet, please not yet…Only five more minutes, it’s just five minutes…I can’t wet myself, it’s only five minutes…Yuki thought, groaning in pain as he shivered, trying to stop another small leak as the car hit a pot hole.

Two minutes to go, and with the house in sight, Yuki was panting and bouncing in his seat. He could go soon, he could go really soon. He just had to wait, just a few more seconds. He shimmied in the seat, one hand between his legs and the other on the door handle, waiting for the steel monster entrapping him to stop so he could get out and finish peeing, this time in a proper facility. Finally, the car pulled to a stop at the bottom of the winding staircase that led up to the house and Yuki shut his eyes at the sight of it, his body trembling as badly as his bladder. He’d forgotten about the stairs, but now they presented a serious deterrent from his final destination.

Yuki opened the car door and slowly stepped out. He wanted to fly up the stairs and into the first bathroom he saw, but he knew if he made one wrong move he wouldn’t need to worry about getting to toilet at all. At a snail's pace, he got out of the car with a faint groan. His legs were like jelly and his bladder throbbed tyrannically, making him whine, wobble, and lean against the car with both hands between his twisted legs. ‘Oh no, I can’t move!’ Yuki thought as a sense of dread settled upon him.

His bladder stung and his long held urine burned down to the tip, threatening to soak him through at any second. He trembled and gave a low cry when he realized he’d fought so hard to hold it, only to loose control right in front of the house, as a hot dribble trickled down the side of his leg. It felt like all the weight of his bladder was pressing down, pulsing harder and harder, turning the dribble into fast mini-torrents that were quickly re-wetting his jeans all over again. He moaned, tightening his muscles the best he could to stave off the inevitable flood, and shifted painfully from one foot to the other.

Kyou was helping Hatori and Shigure unload the trunk when he glanced over, his sharp ears, a gift from his Cat-Curse, picked up on Yuki’s helpless cry. He stared for a moment, wondering why Yuki was just standing there dancing and not rushing up to the house. He watched as his desperate cousin made another soft crying sound and double over with his hands gripping tighter between his legs. Thin trails of pee trickled over his fingers, his jeans too wet to soak up any more liquid, and pattered on the dirt below. Kyou’s eyes widened in realization to the problem- Yuki couldn’t move. He set the bag he’d picked up down and walked over to him, genuinely concerned for the boy he usually fought with. He put his hand on his shoulder, to announce his presence, but he only succeeded in startling him. He yelped slightly, and then whined as more urine splashed over his fingers and into the dirt. Kyou knew he didn’t have any time left, so he acted swiftly.

“Come on, I’ll help you,” Kyou said, feeling too sorry for his distressed cousin to act angry with him. Yuki whimpered and whined in protest, but Kyou helped him take baby steps into the cover of the bushes and trees a few feet away from the car.

Yuki whimpered and whined the whole way, humiliated beyond reason. Torrents of urine hissed out of him with every step, causing him to squirm and dance to hold it in before he could take another, but even that didn’t work for very long. Just as Kyou stopped in front of a decently private tree, Yuki moaned in defeat and began peeing thunderously into his jeans, too overcome by the haze of severe desperation to even realize they’d stopped walking.

Kyou watched slack jawed as Yuki just leaned against the tree, his legs too wobbly to support him anymore. His pants went from blue to almost black with dark, wet lines snaking down from his crotch to his ankles, creating a muddy puddle in the dirt at his feet. Yuki’s desperation hazed eyes started to clear, his body relaxing as his bladder relentlessly emptied itself with a forceful hiss, loud even within his jeans.

At first, all Yuki was conscious of was the blissful relief he felt in his bladder as it emptied. He was finally relieving himself of all that tea and water that had settled in him the night before, and it felt so, so good. His bladder was shrinking down to its normal size, pulsing with a nearly orgasmic feeling instead of pain now that he’d finally let go. However as he released his bladder and the euphoria slowly cured his desperation, he began to notice other things as well… like the warm, wet streams flowing down his legs and into his shoes.

Blinking off the heavy fog of sensations, Yuki was suddenly fully aware of himself, peeing in his pants in front of a perfectly good tree. And that Kyou was watching him do it. With a gasp of shock and embarrassment, he quickly reached into his already unzipped, unbuttoned, sopping pants and pulled himself out of the constraining fabric. He moaned again as a second wave of relief swept through him while he gushed an ocean against the tree bark.

Kyou’s cheeks dusted a light pink and he looked away to give his cousin a little privacy while he finished up. Still, he could hear him go, and the torrent had not even wavered once. Yuki had even released some into a bottle before this, and he was still going strong well over a minute later.

“Jesus, how bad did you have to go?” Kyou commented, his back still turned while his cousin relieved himself.

“Really, really bad…” Yuki answered after a moment, his stream finally starting to slow and die down. His voice was light and trembling. Kyou sighed.

“Why the hell didn’t you say something sooner? Hatori would have pulled off somewhere,” Kyou said, his voice almost scolding. He didn’t get an answer for that one. All he heard were the soft sounds of Yuki’s desperate pee pattering into the mud puddle as he finished, then the sound of a zipper. Kyou sighed and turned around, mouth open to scold him more about waiting too long, but his words died in his throat. Yuki was crying.

Yuki wasn’t a loud, obnoxious crier that he knew some people to be. (Looking at you, Momiji) No, Yuki’s cries were the exact opposite; soft and discrete with small, shuddering breathy sounds, faint little sniffles, and crystalline tears that he kept wiping away with his cuffs of his shirtsleeves curled around his hands. And, unlike Momiji, Kyou found it pitifully adorable.

“Hey…It’s okay,” Kyou said, his voice awkwardly soft as he tried to comfort Yuki. He was unable to stop himself from trying.

“I…I just…I just w-wet my pants…I…I’m sixteen th-that’s not okay!” Yuki blubbered out with a soft sob cracking his voice. Kyou patted his shoulder, biting his lip a little. He felt awkward, with Yuki wet and crying, but he couldn’t help but try to make him feel better.

“It was just an accident…and no one saw, its okay,” Kyou offered.

“You did,” Yuki sniffled, wiping more tears off his face and hiccupped.

“Well, yeah but I’m not gonna tell anyone,” Kyou said, his comforts flustered.

“Why wouldn’t you?” Yuki sniffled, his tone upset and bitter. Kyou hated his guts and told him to disappear as a child. He was surprised he wasn’t already making fun of him.

“Hey, I’m a dick but I’m not that bad!” Kyou protested. Yuki looked at him in surprise and Kyou blushed a little bit and ran his hand through his orange hair.

“Look, this happened to me last year, okay? I was driving with Shishou up to the mountains to train, I fell asleep, and when I woke up there was all this traffic and I had to go real bad, but I didn’t wanna say anything cause were in a whole bunch of traffic with no where to pull off, so I ended up…well, wetting myself in the car,” Kyou said in a rush, blushing a nice shade of red while Yuki stared at him, eyes wide in shock.

“You did?” he asked dubiously. Yuki had always thought Yuki was so much stronger in body than he was, and so much louder with his needs and desires than he was. He was surprised they’d been in the same situation.

“Yeah…It was seriously embarrassing cause I hadn’t said anything at all and then I just suddenly wet all over the seat,” Kyou admitted in an embarrassed mumble.

“Was he mad?” Yuki asked sympathetically.

“Shishou? No…He was pretty surprised and asked me why I didn’t say anything, but he wasn’t mad. He just pulled off at a gas station and let me change while he got the car clean,” Kyou sighed softly.

“Oh…” Yuki said softly, feeling a little better. He’d stopped crying at least.

“Yeah…I didn’t want to bother him with it, I thought I could wait,” Kyou said, sticking his hands in his pockets sheepishly.

“Me too…” Yuki said softly, sighing as he looked down at himself and the tree he’d watered.

“Oh well,” Kyou shrugged, “you feel okay now, right?”

“Yes…” Yuki blushed slightly, looking down. He did feel better now that he didn’t have to go anymore, and he wasn’t quite so humiliated after Kyou had told him his story.

“Good. Let’s go get your stuff. Shigure and Hatori probably left your bag out so you could change before going back up,” Kyou said. Yuki blushed, but nodded. The adults, naturally, would have known that Yuki was already wet even before he got out of the car.

Just as Kyou predicted, Yuki’s bag was sitting there next to the car with Kyou’s next to it. He was embarrassed, but grateful he didn’t have to walk into the house in sopping wet jeans in front of everyone else. He pulled out a pair of similar colored jeans, some new boxers, a pair of socks, and the second pair of shoes he’d packed. He changed quickly and the two boys headed up the stairs. Yuki felt lucky to find the trash bin around the corner on the deck, so he just tossed his wet clothes away before going inside.

Shigure was talking loudly to Hatori in a back room and Tohru was cooking lunch in the kitchen, humming happily. Yuki gave a sigh of relief and slipped into the house unnoticed with Kyou coming in behind him. They had to share a room again, but Yuki didn’t mind so much this time. He glanced over and watched Kyou put away his things. He didn’t really seem bothered by it either. Yuki smiled a little to himself as he unpacked his bag. Being on more friendly terms with Kyou was something he’d always wanted, ever since he was a child. And we’d be arguing right now if I hadn’t hand an accident…Yuki thought, humored by the odd, ironically fortunate event. He smiled and put the last of his clothes away.

*003*2012-08-14 05:52

Oh wow its been so long since I put this here I'd completely forgotten about it! lol I'm glad you guys like it!!! :D Thanks for saying so Dorito, even if it might be necroing xD

*005*2012-08-20 05:37

Thanks so much! I was worried no one liked it! Maybe I will write another one ^_^ I've had a few ideas, but they fell apart halfway through the writing process...Though it makes me feel so much better that people actually like this! :D Thanks everyone!

*007*2012-08-20 06:03

Thanks so much! I try really hard with imagery and emotions when I write and I'm glad you liked this so much!

*011*2012-11-11 04:54

Thanks guys! :) I'm glad people are finding this, and liking it!

*013*2012-11-11 05:25

Thank you! Wow I feel so loved today! :D

*014*2012-11-16 07:29

Wow thanks so much! I'll have to get another story going soon then! ^_^

*018*2013-02-21 02:06

Thanks everyone! This story was actually a request from a friend, otherwise I don't really post online xD Everyone's been so nice though I may end up doing more if people like it

