Sience fiction

Author: ArnoldKegel

*000*2015-07-23 18:06

This is the first story I post. I got my inspiration from older stories, so some parts might appear well-known. Perhaps my style isn't very good. Improving suggestions are welcome, but I decide wether it is an improvement or not.

###

2515-08-02. Actually, my system can detect every human bladder on this planet, as soon as its content reaches the 1-litre mark. But of course, I have fed the computer with lots of attributes. I prefer a certain kind of woman. Yesterday, I witnessed a great drama; one of the most thrilling since I acquired the system.

The system detected her when she was in the mall of a city she visited. She was 46 and still very attractive. She must have drunk a lot. She followed the ladies room signs and was shocked to see that the doors were locked. She blushed, turned to the left and crossed her right leg before the left, stood there for three seconds and thought what to do next. It was clear, she needed to find another restroom soon. But she had no idea where to go.

Then she saw a security guard sitting at a counter and walked up to him. Her steps were cautious but fast. For a moment her left hand felt her bulging bladder.

She asked for directions to her hotel. The security guard went into detail, while she, with both hands on the counter, crossed her legs again, bent her knees slightly and pressed her thighs together. Her thoughts: Come on, get to the point!

Finally, she thanked the guard and went quickly up the nearby escalator, still with no idea where she was going, and crossing her legs again. At that moment her thoughts revealed that she had never pissed herself since she was a toddler. She got off the escalator and began walking through the walkway, slightly bent over. Her thoughts: I can hold it. I'm a grown-up woman. I can behave myself. I won't pee before I sit on a toilet.

But the system showed me that her lock muscle was already weakening. Her huge bladder was attacking it again and again. Sometimes she bent more over, agony in her blushed face. Sometimes she bent her knees and performed a mix of walking and running. She pressed her left hand against the crotch of her jeans from time to time. She had no idea where that tunnel was going, but finally it came out at a hotel, not her hotel. Her thoughts: There are bathrooms in that hotel. Just hold on for another minute.

She headed for the lobby and was greeted with a big sign at the bathroom that said bathrooms were for guests only. Her thoughts: That's okay. I'm a guest of the city and I have to piss like a racehorse.

She walked towards the door and was stopped halfway by a huge security guard. "Ma'am are you a guest here?" Bending her left knee, moving it behind her right, lifting her left foot, pressing her thighs together, her right hand meddling with the button of her jeans, trying to smile, she said: "Yes." But he asked for her room key. She said she didn't have it with her, and stood now with her legs crossed, the right before the left, agony was back in her face. The guard seemed unmoved and just told her she couldn't use the bathroom. She: "Listen, I'm from out of town and I really, really need to use the restroom. What do you suggest?" He shrugged, said he couldn't help her, and asked her to leave. Her thoughts: Asshole! Everybody wants me to piss myself today. I won't do that. Not me!

She went back in the walkway and unbuttoned her jeans. Her zipper was halfway down now and her purple knickers were partly visible under her bladder bulge. She didn't care about how obvious it was. Her left hand was holding her crotch again. Her thoughts: Come on. Find a toilet. Don't be childish. Just hold it. Find a toilet. You must not piss yourself. It would be so embarrassing. Find a toilet. Walking helps me holding it. I walk as fast as I can.

She was breathing heavily, her mouth half open, her brows contracted. When no-one was around she stopped for a moment, held her crotch, moved her left foot far behind her right, so that her whole weight bore down on her right leg. She bent over and curtseyed deeply three times, squeezing as tightly as possible, moaning. Then she continued hurrying, both hands clenched to a fist. She considered squatting down and peeing right there in the walkway. Her thoughts: Impossible! Even if no-one's around. There are security cameras. It would be as embarrassing as wetting myself. Pull yourself together, girl! You have to hold on. Find a toilet. My bladder seems to be fuller than it has ever been. Mean bladder, stop pressing! I don't want to piss now. Not yet. Find a toilet. I have never had to take a piss this badly in my life.

There was a car park nearby. She found it and considered peeing there. But again, it was full of security cameras. A quick squeeze with her fingers was necessary again. She walked around for a while with her small but fast steps, teeth gritted, agony face, sometimes shaking her hands. She was desperately looking for a bathroom sign. She had to squeeze her crotch again and again. Her thoughts: I must have been wandering around like this for two hours now. Don't think about it. Find a toilet.

She had tears in her eyes. A young man was approaching and was going to walk past when she stopped him and asked him where there was a ladies' room. The man looked at her with pity. She said: "I've been holding it forever and I can't find any bathrooms in this city." Answer: "Try a hotel, honey." The tortured and desperate woman explained she'd already been kicked out of one. She was dancing on the spot, shaking her hands, her head thrown back. The man seemed surprised and said to try another. Huge Bladder thanked him and left. I noticed that the man kept standing there and gazed.

Our desperate Lady found a lift and went in, wondering if she had the guts to pee in it. No, that wasn't possible either. As soon as she was inside, she started pee dancing and pacing around. Her zipper was down now. She kneaded her pussy with her left hand, only her knickers in between. She was groaning when the voice of the lift asked her for the floor. She pressed out: "I don't know. I need the loo." Nothing happened. After five seconds the voice asked again. "Ten! Ten!", she replied, almost crying. The lift started moving. Her thoughts: Why ten? Dammit, i can't hold it any longer. I just can't. It's about to come out. I don't care anymore. I'm gonna piss in this lift.

In the midst of pulling her jeans and knickers down, the lift reached the tenth floor, the doors opened, and there was a ladies' room right in front of her. That's it, she thought. Almost there. Bent over, half squatting, hopping from foot to foot, she pulled her knickers up again, then the tight jeans, not quite to the appropriate level, her left hand flew back to her pussy, and she darted out of the lift with a groan. At that moment, my system detected a leaking. After so many fierce attacks by that giant bladder, her poor little lock muscle had a weak moment. She lost a few drops that dispersed into the folds of the inner lips of her squeezed pussy. Her thoughts: No! Not yet! Not yet! Please.

A big sign said something about guests only. She didn't care. No-one was around. Whimpering, she pee-danced in and into a stall. She closed the door and lifted the toilet lid with her right hand. But then she had to use both hands to pull her tight jeans and knickers down. Despite clenching her thighs together as tight as possible and holding her breath, she lost a few more drops. Knickers down and a sharp spurt escaped from her exhausted pussy while she was lowering herself onto the toilet, the spurt almost missed the bowl. At last, she could release the tension of that tiny muscle, that had been holding back the impending blast for so long.

There she sat, sweating, sighing with relief. Her hands and knees were shaking. She buried her face in her hands. Then, still peeing, she looked at the damage in her knickers. The wet spot was about two inches long and about one inch wide, a mix of urine and vaginal fluid. Her thoughts: I can't believe it. Incontinent. Me. I better take up Kegel exercises tomorrow.

My system measured a micturition of 1437ml.

