Closed Girl's Toilets

Author: Badger47

*000*2016-11-10 19:55

Jasmine sat in her seat in maths, wondering why the lesson was so boring. Surely, aged only seven, she should have a better life than this. She chugged thirstily on her water bottle, and Stephanie next to her did the same, both rolling their eyes as the teacher drowned on.

Towards the the end of the lesson, Jasmine was beginning to feel a slight pressure in her bladder. It really wasn't very much, and she was certain she could hold it, but she decided that it would be best to go to the toilet in the upcoming break time, just in case. The need for worse and worse with five minutes to go, but Jasmine still felt fine, she was a strong girl with a strong bladder and she could hold it in until break time.

Breaktime came at last and she let loose an audiable sigh of relief as she left the classroom and headed in the direction of the toilets. Stephanie was by her side, both walking casually and leisurely to where they knew they could remove the tension on their urethras and let their lips open wide as golden liquid hissed out. Jasmine watched Stephanie, and she was giving off small but subtle signs of having to pee. She was walking slightly funny, one leg crossing in front of the other, and kept looking around as if hoping for a toilet to magically turn up out of nowhere.

Finally Jasmine broke the ice. "Hey there Stephanie" she said. "You look as if you gotta wee kinda badly". Stephanie nodded, and Jasmine explained how she was headed to the bathroom too. However, both girls found a horror for them lurking just around the corner, a massive line of at least 50 older girls queueing up to go to the girl's toilets. Several of them were clutching their skirts around the crotch, a good few were hopping from one foot to another, and Jasmine noticed that one of the girls had a wet spot on her skirt about the size of an apple.

"Oh dear!" said Jasmine. "That queue isn't gonna be finished until after the end of break, and we'll be shouted at if we're late. Good thing I can hold it!" She nodded reassuringly to Stephanie, who nodded back, whimpering slightly. Watching the girls waiting for the toilet had done nothing to help Stephanie's bladder, which, unbeknownst to Jasmine, had not had the chance to release itself since the night before.

The girls walked over to the playground and started chatting, and soon their full bladders were nothing more than a distant memory.

It was only about ten minutes after break when Jasmine remembered she needed to wee, and needed it bad. She crossed her legs tightly, and inside of her little vagina, or nunee as she'd always called it, her sphincter was throbbing away, aching for release. She didn't want to look too desperate, or one of the bullies would easily notice her and make her struggle to hold in her wee a nightmare. Across the room, she saw that Stephanie was clearly in a much worse state than she was. Stephanie was wriggling around, crossing her legs and uncrossing them, until she lost her resolve not to look desperate and shoved a hand between her legs to try and massage her poor vagina. Oh, it ached so much, it hurt like nothing ever before, but she really couldn't wet herself in a lesson.

Jasmine looked over in dismay, seeing Stephanie's desperation was making it tricky for her to focus on holding her own wee inside her nunee. She could feel inside of herself her wee wee tube hurting, and her bladder was throbbing so desperately. It was like nothing she'd ever experienced before. She made the mistake of glancing over at Stephanie again, just as Stephanie gave a small squeal and, lifting up her skirt and her tights, plunged her hand inside, notably still on top of her bright pink knickers. Jasmine redoubled her efforts to hold on her wee, and to her great relief, the pain subsided. She was soon lost in thinking about the size of Jupiter.

It was twenty minutes towards the end of lunch. Jasmine could feel the pressure on her sphincter, and it burned. She was holding the lips of her nunee together, and looking over saw that Stephanie was doing the same. They were both reaching the end of their tether. Finally Stephanie spoke up, asking to be excused, but was rejected, and so Jasmine sat quietly waiting to go to lunch. At last the bell rang.

Way in front of Stephanie, who was waddling like a penguin at this point, Jasmine made it to the toilet, where there was no queue, and entered. She walked over to a cubicle, and in doing so a small spurt of pee escaped her tight nunee and made a small wet spot on her bright pink panties. She sat down on the toilet, without removing any clothing, before realising she had forgotten to close the door. She tried to get up, but the urge was so desperate sitting on the toilet she struggled, and another bit of wee escaped. She was trapped, unable to get up for fear of wetting herself, unable to wee due to her clothing, and unable to remove clothing due to both hands being clamped on her tights. She stayed this way for 10 minutes. Spurt after spurt leaked out, and Jasmine knew it would only be a matter of time before she lost control completely and the wetness would be visible for all to see.

Eventually Sophie walked into the bathroom and called for Jasmine. They had to go to lunch immediately or they would miss their slot. She pulled Jasmine to her feet, and off they went to lunch. Jasmine was thirsty, and drank a lot of water at lunch, and it was only at the end of her meal she realised her mistake, she was minutes away from wetting herself. She, clamping one hand on her light grey tights and putting the other in front of it to cover it up, walked slowly towards the bathroom, dribble after dribble being let out. By the time she got there, her knickers were feeling very damp and they couldn't hold much more. However, at the toilet she and Stephanie, who had clearly been waiting for some time, noticed the cleaning sign with a note attached, claiming the bathrooms couldn't be used as they were blocked. Jasmine almost cried. Her nunee was aching, her wee inside her needed to come out, and she couldn't. Admitting defeat, she trudged to her English classroom.

Over half the girls inside were already squirming, and the boys were laughing and trying to make them wet themselves. When the lesson started Jasmine was ready to burst into tears, she was sitting next to the biggest bully of them all, who would make her hold a nightmare. Every minute ticked by slower than the last. The boy kept making hissing noises and each time he did she felt sure she would just give up and let go. The pain was incredible, it was pounding and pulsating inside of her, giving her waves of agony. She saw another girl under the table lose all dignity, drop her knickers and somehow pee into a bottle, her nunee completely exposed. A good few more did this, and Jasmine was ready to wet herself. The bully pushed hard on her stomach and another squirt came out, this one for a fair bit longer before she could jam her hand back against her nunee again. She kept crossing her legs, squeezing, tensing her muscles, but it was no good. The inevitable was just around the corner.

The lesson was over and the girls walked to P.E. As the girls undressed and got into their leotards she could see the other girls pointing and staring, her knickers were the only wet ones. Even Stephanie had somehow managed to hold it in. She pulled on her leotard and knew that she wouldn't be able to touch her nunee in the session, so gave it one last squeeze before hobbling into the classroom. Lots of the girls were clearly desperate for the toilet, and Jasmine wasn't the only one putting on a show.

Several other girls were clutching at their neither regions or shaking violently, but Jasmine was by far the worst. She deliberately hadn't put her knickers on when she had got changed, because she knew the wet knickers would leave marks on the leotard for all to see. She squirted again, just one tiny squirt, but the thin material of the leotard held nothing, and the pee soaked through to form a small patch around her nunee. Being wet the leotard was showing through, and stephanie finally gave up too, she and Jasmine asked the teacher to go to the water fountain.

Both girls sprinted, Jasmine and Stephanie both having pea sized wet patches around their crotches. They ran to the year 6 toilets, and were met with the worst sight possible, those were being cleaned as well! Both girls broke into tears, until Jasmine realised her only option. She turned, and pulled Stephanie into the sixth form boys' toilet. Had they looked round the corner when they first entered the toilet they would have found a number of cubicles, but alas, they simply got to the urinals.

OH MY GOD WHERE ARE THEY!

WHERE ARE THE TOILETS IN THIS PLACE?

AH! A BOY IS COMING! HIDE UNDER THE SINK!

The boy entered and began peeing into the urinal, and the girls realised why they could see no toilets. The sheer thought of their last hope of relief being crushed was too much for Stephanie. She collapsed on the floor, hands into her crotch, and Jasmine could see the wet patch spreading as the boy left.

GO! Cried Stephanie! USE THE TOILET!

I CAN'T! Replied Jasmine! My nunee doesn't stretch that far! Jasmine of course had no idea what a penis was, or how the boy had peed, but she walked up to the urinal, hopping from foot to foot, and pulled her leotard off her nunee so that she could try and squirt her pee at it.

That was her her big mistake.

The leotard had been applying pressure on Jasmine's nunee as a final defence barrier, and Jasmine wailed as a puddle quickly formed at her feet, the thin material of the leotard absorbing none of it. Exhausted, on the floor of the boy's toilets, in a puddle of her own wee, she cried herself to sleep.

