Flain's desperation

Author: Lugia

*000*2015-01-13 08:03

This time Flain is the one who has to hold it in. Enjoy.

Flain had been walking in the hot (lightbulb) sun all day and was thirsty so he stopped at a drinking fountain for a drink and continued to drink for five minutes after which he continued walking.

After about ten minutes he came across a fountain and felt a small twinge in his bladder but didn't think anything of it. After another five minutes he came across a river. He stared at it for a few seconds before putting his hands against his bladder and crossing his legs as all the water he drank earlier reached his bladder.

"Aw man. I need to pee bad! I hope there's a bathroom nearby." He said as he went off to find a bathroom.

He searched around for a bathroom checking various stores without any results becoming increasingly more desperate as time passed. As he was about to enter the next store Flain felt a wave of desperation and had to stop and bend over so he could stay in control.

"I'm not sure how much longer I can hold it"

As soon as the wave of desperation passed he ran into the store and immediately began searching for a bathroom. He was able to find one but it was out of order and seeing that just made him feel like he had to go even worse.

He decided to stop looking for a bathroom and just head back to his house since it wasn't too far away.After stepping outside Flain felt another powerful wave of desperation that caused him to leak several drops of urine.

"I hope I make it home in time"

He knew it wouldn't be long until the floodgates opened but he still headed towards his house with the hope that he would make it in time. As he walked home he had to stop and bend over every couple of minutes and it became harder for him to stay in control. After around fifteen minutes he made it home.

"F-finally! I'm h-here"

At this point Flain was taking baby steps, moving slowly so he could stay in control, and his legs were crossed as tightly as possible with hands pressed against his bladder as firmly as he could manage. He carefully removed one of his hands from its spot and opened the door, slowly walking in afterward. Once he was inside another wave of desperation caused a small stream of urine to escape him but he quickly regained control although continued to leak.

"Aw man I don't think I can hold it in much longer"

He made his way to the bathroom. He walked slowly to prevent the floodgates from opening but he still continued to leak the whole way. After about five minutes he reached the bathroom but he was also at his very limit and his bladder was as full as it can get.

"A-a-almost t-t-there"

But before he could get to the toilet he felt another powerful wave of desperation surge through his bladder and despite his best efforts he lost control and the floodgates opened.

"AH!"

Before he completely started to wet himself he ran to the toilet and quickly redirected the stream of urine into the toilet bowl. As soon as he did he stopped resisting and completely relaxed as he let his bladder empty itself.

Flain let out a big sigh as all the urine he had held in exited his body in a yellow stream and entered the toilet. The amount of relief he felt was almost orgasmic and he was in a state of bliss. The urine continued to exit his body for close to a minute before the stream died down into a trickle and then stopped completely.

After he finished he flushed the toilet and washed his hands before heading to the living room.

"Ah schnixel I feel so much better"

He then sat down in a recliner and turned on TV deciding that he would spend the rest of the day at home .

Please share your thoughts and any Mixels omorashi requests you may have.

And in case any of you who have read my other stories are wondering if I'll do alternate endings then the answer is I'm considering it. I'll have a couple in mind but whether or not I actually upload them will be up to you so if you want to see em then you're gonna have to speak up and tell me.

*001*2015-01-29 16:31

Decided to go ahead with an alternate ending anyway.

As soon as the wave of desperation passed he ran into the store and immediately began searching for a bathroom. He was able to find one but it was out of order and seeing that just made him feel like he had to go even worse.

He decided to keep looking for a bathroom for just a little longer before deciding to head back to his house since it wasn't too far away.

After stepping outside the last store Flain felt another powerful wave of desperation that caused him to leak several drops of urine. He knew he couldn't hold it in much longer.

"I'll just have to try to make back to my house. I hope I'll make it." He said as he set off for his house.

Along the way he continued to feel waves of desperation and would have to stop and and bend over. Not long after he started walking he got to the point where he had to keep his legs crossed while walking.

As he continued on his bladder became increasingly full and he was at the point where he was taking baby steps. He didn't want to risk losing control so he moved slowly to make sure he would be able to hold it.

"Ah man, I hope I make it home in time" but he knew it wouldn't be too long before the floodgates opened.

After he was halfway to his house Flain was at his limit and his bladder was completely full. He knew he probably wouldn't make it but he didn't give up. A powerful wave of desperation forced him to stop and bend over. Even though he stayed in control he still leaked several drops of urine.

Even after the wave of desperation had past Flain just stood there unmoving. He knew that if he moved from where he was standing he would completely lose control.

"W-what am I g-going to do?" He asked himself. He knew there was only one solution. "Looks like I-I d-don't have a c-choice"

He quickly looked to make sure no one was around and saw that he was alone. After a moment of hesitation he completely relaxed and started wetting himself.

He let out a huge sigh of relief as he finally allowed his bladder to be emptied. Warm pee cascaded down his legs and feet creating a puddle on the ground as the yellow liquid exited his body. He continued wetting for about a minute before his bladder was completely emptied. He gave another sigh of relief as he finished.

"I feel so much better. I'm glad no one was around to see that" he then continued towards his house so he could clean off in the shower.

*002*2015-02-06 18:51

Alternate ending 2 (why do I always feel the need to write these?)

As soon as the wave of desperation passed he ran into the store and immediately began searching for a bathroom. He was able to find one but it was out of order and seeing that just made him feel like he had to go even worse.

He decided to keep looking for a bathroom for just a little longer before deciding to head back to his house since it wasn't too far away.

After stepping outside Flain felt another powerful wave of desperation that caused him to leak several drops of urine. He knew he couldn't hold it in much longer.

"I'll just have to try to make back to my house. I hope I'll make it." He said as he set off for his house.

Along the way he continued to feel waves of desperation and would have to stop and and bend over. Not long after he started walking he got to the point where he had to keep his legs crossed while walking.

As he continued on his bladder became increasingly full and he was at the point where he was taking baby steps. He didn't want to risk losing control so he moved slowly to make sure he would be able to hold it.

"Ah man, I hope I make it home in time" but he knew it wouldn't be too long before the floodgates opened.

After he was halfway to his house Flain was at his limit and his bladder was completely full. He knew he probably wouldn't make it but he didn't give up. A powerful wave of desperation forced him to stop and bend over. Even though he stayed in control he still leaked several drops of urine.

Even after the wave of desperation had passed Flain just stood there unmoving. He knew that if he moved from where he was standing he would completely lose control.

"W-what am I g-going to d-do?" He asked himself.

As he started to think of possible solutions he heard someone. It was Torts.

"Hi Flain" he said as he approached.

"H-hi Torts" Flain responded

"Are you okay?"

"I h-have to g-go really bad a-and I'm really c-close to w-wetting myself" he said blushing slightly. "I k-know I'll lose c-control the moment I m-move from this spot. I-I have n-no idea what to d-do"

"Hmm....." Torts thought for a moment before coming up with a solution.

He had a bucket with him that he had just used for something else and hadn't had a chance to clean it yet. He decided that he would let Flain use the bucket to relieve himself.

"Here Flain go in this bucket" he said as he sat the bucket down in front of Flain.

"T-thanks Torts"

"You're welcome. Now go ahead and go to the bathroom I won't look" he said as he turned around

"Actually T-torts...." Flain stuttered

"What's wrong? Aren't you going to go?" He asked as he turned back around

"Y-yeah I a-am, it's just t-that I don't f-feel c-comfortable going w-with you s-standing there. S-so c-can you stand s-somewhere e-else?"

"Oh sure. Just let me know when you're done" he said as walked away to give Flain a bit of privacy.

"T-thanks"

He waited until he was sure Torts was a good distance away. Afterward he took a quick look around to make sure Torts wasn't near. He then aimed at the bucket Torts provided and allowed his urine to escape his body. He let out a huge sigh of relief as the yellow stream of pee poured from his body with great force as his bladder was being emptied of all the liquid it contained. Flain was completely relaxed as he finally let it all out and the pressure on his bladder dissipated.

He continued peeing for a minute before he was finished and all the held in urine was released from his bladder. Once he was finished he looked at the small bucket and saw that it was almost completely full.

"Wow. I had more in me then I thought. I wonder where Torts went. Hey Torts I'm done you can come back over here!"

"Just a second!" Torts replied from an unknown location.

After about 15 seconds Torts appeared from behind a tree and walked back over to where Flain was.

"What were you doing behind that tree?" Flain asked curious

"Well I was hiding behind it so you could have some privacy but hearing you go made me realize how much I had to go. So I decided to just pee on the tree since I was already there."

"Oh. Well thanks for helping me. Do you want me to dump out the bucket for you?"

"No that's fine I'll take care of it. Well see you later." He said as he went to empty the bucket

"See ya" Flain replied

And with that Flain continued to enjoy his day.

Please share your thoughts.

