Rukia's Panty Dilemma

Author: rukiajustpeed

*000*2011-06-03 21:57

(This is my first erotic/desperation story. Hope you like it!)

Contains: Desperation, Masturbation and general eroge.

Rukia’s Panty Dilemma

Part 1:

Goin’ Commando

It was 6:30 in the morning, and Rukia awakened. As she yawned and rubbed her eyes, they met the clock she installed in Ichigo’s closet. Suddenly it dawned upon her. School started in half an hour, and it was a ten minute walk to school from Ichigo’s house, leaving her twenty minutes to prepare herself for school. Cursing herself under her breath, she pulled down the suitcase that acted as her dresser from the shelf above her head. She opened up the suitcase and removed her uniform and bra. However, she could not find her panties. Frantic, she dumped out the contents of the case onto the bed. Sure enough, her panties were nowhere to be found. That’s when she remembered she had washed her clothes last night, and all six pairs of panties were in there.

They were washed, but not dried, and were still too damp to wear. She had been counting on getting up at 5:30 so she could put them in the dryer before school, but she had overslept, so this was not possible. Normally, Rukia would not be opposed to going commando, but that was if she was wearing her Shinigami robes or jeans. The school uniform’s skirt was far too short to risk it. Unfortunately, she had no choice. She had to wear her uniform, so she would just have to be extra careful to keep her legs crossed at all times. Rukia quickly slipped on her clothes, opened the closet and climbed out of bed, being careful to not expose herself to Kon as she jumped down. It was now 6:45. She hurriedly smoothed back her hair with her hands and grabbed her bag. She ran down the stairs and out the door and made her way to school.

Part 2:

Desperation at School.

Rukia could see the school now, and a quick glance at her phone told her she was running on schedule. As she neared the school, she felt a twinge between her legs. Realizing that she hadn’t relived herself, she quickened her step, hoping to make it to school early so she could use the restroom. It was right next to class, so she wouldn’t be getting too far out of her way to go there. Unfortunately, it seemed the entire school had chosen to go to the bathroom at the same time. The line outside the girls’ restroom was at least ten girls long, and another quick glance at her watch showed she did not have that much time. The nearest bathroom was on the other side of the school so there was no way she could go now. Sighing, she walked to class and sat down.

The first hour of class was lecture, and thankfully for Rukia, she was not desperate yet, only uncomfortable. At the end of the lecture, the teacher put in a DVD pertaining to today’s lesson, Roman History. Rukia cursed under her breath. Normally, the teacher was good about letting kids use the bathroom, but she was practically infatuated with Roman history, and took it as a personal insult if anybody left during one of her Roman history videos. Furthermore, some of these videos lasted more than two hours. Thankfully for Rukia, the teacher was not requiring them to take notes, so she could focus her hands on holding herself if need be.

Ten minutes into the movie, Rukia started becoming desperate. She shifted her weight to relive pressure on her bladder, which helped, and squeezed her legs together more tightly. This allowed her to avoid having to hold herself for another 40 minutes. Eventually her desperation became too great to handle without assistance from her hands. Glancing around the room to see if anyone was looking in her direction, which was not the case, she wrapped her hands around her crotch. Her hands were directly touching her pussy, and the sensation of grabbing her bare crotch was making her slightly wet.

The feeling of pleasure was distracting her from her from her desperation, and an idea dawned upon her. If just touching herself was enough to reduce her desperation, what would playing with her clit do? Rukia decided to find out. With the heel of her hand she began stealthily massaging her clitoris. The darkened classroom meant that, far back the class where she was, no one could see her play with herself due to the low amount of light. Furthermore, the movie they were watching was exciting enough to keep students eyes from wandering in her direction. Needless to say, the intense pleasure did a good job distracting her from how full her bladder was getting, and entertain her for the next half hour.

However, it did nothing to stop her bladder from filling. With ten minutes left in class, as Rukia neared orgasm and the filmed neared ending, her overfilled bladder contracted, and a warm spurt of pee sprayed right into her hand. Rukia gasped audibly and frantically grabbed at herself to stem the flow, but luckily for Rukia, nobody noticed. As she stopped toying with herself and her pleasure faded, her desperation returned with a vengeance. The movie ended, but Rukia didn’t notice. Her mind was set on containing her pee for the next five minutes, and she clamped her hands down on her pussy so hard it hurt. Then class would end and she would make a mad dash for the bathroom. At least, that was her plan.

Part 3:

Relief and Pleasure

The bell rang for lunch, and somehow Rukia was still in control. As everyone in the class started to pack up and leave, Rukia tried her best to stand up without losing control. Somehow she managed to get to her feet, and with her legs tightly clamped together, she hobbled to the restroom. A horrible sight greeted her eyes. In the two minutes it took for Rukia to get out of class and hobble down the hall, a new line formed, as long as the last. Rukia was on the verge of tears. She was going to pee herself in front of all her friends. Just as Rukia admitted defeat, she spied the stairway to the roof.

A new idea dawned in her head. Ichigo, Chad and the rest of Rukia’s friends are going to a special presentation for the guys in the school during lunch. That meant the roof was vacant today. Rukia’s plan was simple. She was going to climb the stairs to get to the roof, and sit down and pee right on the roof. Unfortunately, Rukia could barely walk without wetting herself, let alone climb stairs. Still, it was worth a try. Rukia opened the door to the stairwell, and as soon as she closed it she grabbed a hold on her crotch. It was only one flight of stairs, but to Rukia, it might as well have been one hundred.

Slowly, Rukia ascended the staircase. Each step brought her closer to wetting herself than the last. As she neared the top, another spurt escaped her vagina, and a little wet spot appeared on the front of her skirt. Rukia wasn’t sure she could make it. The last few steps were pure agony. It took all of her concentration to avoid wetting herself right on the spot. Rukia opened the door to the roof. She had made it. With the last bit of strength in her tired bladder, she sank to the ground and closed the door.

She quickly released her hold on her crotch and folded her skirt under her, and not a moment too soon. Merely seconds after she lifted her skirt, her fatigued urethral sphincter gave up, and she began peeing. At first just a small trickle escaped, but then her bladder started contracting. It was like someone blew a 20 foot wide hole in the Hoover Dam. The sound of her release was as loud as the sound the stream was making when it hit the roof! To Rukia, the relief was pure ecstasy. In fact, it was making her aroused.

About twenty seconds into her pee, she started fingering herself. Pee splashed against her hand as she rocked her finger in and out of her sopping pussy. Rukia kept peeing for the next minute until her stream finally subsided. Rukia moaned, and began massaging her B-cup breasts through her shirt. She opened her shirt and began playing with her erect nipples as she fingered herself with her pee soaked hand. She stuck her finger in deeper and rubbed her G-spot. Rukia was nearing her orgasm. With her middle finger rubbing her G-spot and her other hand toying her clit, Rukia started panting and began fingering herself more quickly. A few seconds later, Rukia arched her back, and came violently. She wailed with pleasure as she squirted her thick juices all over her hand. This was the best orgasm Rukia had had in her life. She lied there for the next few minutes panting, but eventually she pulled herself together enough to get her clothes back on.

The rest of the school day went off without a hitch. Rukia would now have a pee fetish for the rest of her life. She made it home that night, satisfied with the day’s events, and promptly changed into jeans and t shirt, still with no panties.

THE END

$

*006*2011-06-07 18:21

Thank you all for your feedback.

I think I will make my next post somewhat of a sequel to this one, with a few differences.

