Harry Potter

Author: HarryPotterFun

*000*2017-10-08 21:13

Harry Potter was 10 years of age. He had lived with his godfathers since he was three and had got taken away from his relatives because of the abuse he had suffered with them. Harry could remember the abuse as he still had nightmares about it occasionally. He was glad he was out of that place and since he had lived with his godfathers he had everything he could ever wish for.

His godfathers Severus Snape and Sirius Black was trying to get Harry out of the house for the first time in a month but Harry didn't feel like going outside. His bladder had been playing up and he kept having accidents. He had told his godfathers about it, but not the extent of it all and as he was a bedwetter anyway he didnt want to admit that he had been having more accidents in the daytime.

'Harry, come on!' shouted Severus up the stairs.

'Coming', Harry answered. They would have to find out then, he thought.

Harry went down the stairs into the kitchen where Sirius was cooking breakfast for them all.

'Finally,' said Severus.

'Sev, please don't start with the lecturing', sighed Harry.

'Don't be cheeky, Harry James. We have discussed this already, we are going out to Molly's today and you had better be on your best behaviour. Last time because of your misbehaviour we had to cut the visit short and I don't want to have to do that today, young man. You and Ron have been friends for years so now please eat and then we'll be on our way', Severus told him sternly.

'What? Me and Ron was having a laugh last time. It just went a bit too far', Harry said.

'I know that and that is why we won't be letting things get too far this time. Molly has had a word with Ron already and its time you two knew when things went too far', Severus said.

Harry nodded. He wanted to go see Ron and he didn't want to jeopardise that by saying what was on his mind at the moment.

'Good, now then eat', said Severus.

'Severus, leave him be. I think he learnt his lesson last time,' Sirius said.

'Be that as it may, he still needs to realise his actions when he misbehaves', Severus said.

'I know that, and let it be. I'm sure Harry will be good today', Sirius said.

Severus sighed. He knew Harry would try and be good, but Severus also knew what a trouble-maker Harry could be when he wanted to be.

Once they had finished breakfast and things had been put away Severus and Harry went to the car and made their way to The Burrow. Sirius bid them goodbye, he was going to spend the day doing shopping for the house and then going to see Remus Lupin.

Harry settled down in the back of the car, glad that he had gone toilet before leaving as he would never have made it all the way to The Burrow if he had needed the toilet half-way there. He knew he wouldn't need it until later. He just wished he could tell Severus how made it was but he couldn't has he felt so embarrassed. He knew Severus would help as much as he could as Severus was a part-time healer and a Hogwarts professor during the summer break which happened to be now until September, then he would be a full-time Hogwarts professor as well as doing his weekend healing. Harry hated it when Severus was at home much during the week, but he understood and he had Sirius.

Twenty minutes later they were pulling up to The Burrow and Mrs Weasley was waiting for them.

They got out of the car and Severus greeted Molly.

'Hello Molly. We had a little trouble getting this one out of the house again', Severus said.

'Not to worry Severus, dear. Ron is just tidying his bedroom again. He and the twins thought it would be amusing to splatter the walls with frog slime', said Molly.

'How nice', grimaced Severus. 'Those twins are much the same at Hogwarts. In my lessons though, they are as good as gold. They actually lesson and seem to be interested in the lessons. I hear things though, from the other professors. They have made themselves a bit of a popularity score to be pranksters, I'm afraid'.

'That doesn't surprise one bit with them. I know they have been caught a few times as I have received letters about it, but I dread to think of what they have been doing during the times they haven't been caught', said Molly.

'Don't worry, Molly. They may or may not have told you, that I will be their mentor this year. I hope that I'll be able to put some kind of discipline in them. They don't lack it as they have shown this in my lessons, but they need to have more of it, not just in my lessons. Their reports in the other subjects last term weren't has good as they could be, but then again they had an incompetent teacher as their mentor', Severus said.

'Yes, well, they do need someone who can pull them in line, and I know you will be able to do it, if noone else can', Molly said.

'As a mentor I will have to give you termly reports on them. Whether they are doing well academically and that sort of thing as well as any misdemeanours they get up to', Severus said.

Molly nodded. 'Lets get inside. I'm sure Ron and the twins should be done by now'.

They entered the house and Harry beamed. He loved visiting here. He had slept over here a few times and Mrs Weasley knew of his bedwetting and was very understanding of it.

'RON, FRED, GEORGE, HARRY'S HERE', shouted Mrs Weasley and they heard a whoop and a scurrying of footsteps coming down the stairs.

A minute later came Ron, Fred, and George.

'Hello, Professor' said the twins.

'Boys, you can call be Severus as usual when not at school', Severus told them.

'Come and see what I've been given from Bill', said Ron.

Harry nodded they both went up to Ron's bedroom.

'Mum, can we go to the village?' asked Fred.

'Yes, but be back for lunch,' Molly said.

The twins went off.

'So, how's Bill finding Gringotts', said Severus.

'He loves it! He's going over to Egypt in a few weeks time to do something for them over there', said Molly proudly.

'He's only been there a month! They must be impressed with him', said Severus amazed.

'They are! A month in a job and a year out of school and he's already going abroad to work for them', Molly said.

'How's Charlie?' asked Severus.

'He's ok, been out most of the summer looking for work ready for when he leaves school. Still determined to work with dragons though', said Molly.

'Shame, he could do well going for a profession in Quidditch', said Severus.

'I know but he's made up his mind, know matter what me and Arthur say to him', said Molly with a sigh,

Meanwhile up in Ron's room Harry was laughing hard as Ron told him the story if how Bill managed to get hold of a sack of gold through skulduggery, not that Harry believed Bill to do it which was why it made it so laughable.

'Surely Bill wouldn't do that', gasped Harry.

'No', admitted Ron. 'He earned the money at Gringotts. Anyway if he did do that, he'll be in Azkaban. He's not like that'.

'What did Bill get you?' asked Harry.

'Oh, only a Chudley Cannons signed autographed poster with matching figurines', shrugged Ron.

'How did he manage to get them?'

'Dunno, I think he brought them. Their merchandise are fairly cheap anyway, even things like autographs go for only 5 Galleons', said Ron.

'That is cheap! Sirius bought tickets last year to go and see Puddlemere United play in Scotland, that cost 15 Galleons'.

'Yeah that was each though, wasn't it?'

'Yeah, apparently it was also discounted as he knew one of the players or something', shrugged Harry.

'Wish we could afford to go to a Quidditch match', said Ron.

'I'll talk to Sirius later and ask if he could get you a ticket as well when we go next,' said Harry.

'You don't have to do that'.

'I know I don't but I want to', said Harry knowing how touchy his friend could be about not having any money for things he wanted to do and sometimes even needed. Harry knew how this felt as he could remember what it was like before he came to live with Severus and Sirius all them years ago.

'OK, shall we play exploding snap?' asked Ron.

'Sure', said Harry.

*001*2017-10-09 19:15

Harry had won three matches against Ron of exploding snap when his bladder nudged him. He though he had better finish this game and go - he didn't want to have an accident in front of his best friend even though Ron knew of how his bladder could be, all thanks to his relatives not training properly when he was with them. It had also came to light that because of a incident involving his cousin running over him with a trike, it had left him with a very weak bladder. Severus knew this but it had only come to light how bad his bladder was a few months ago.

'How come you have won every game we have played today?' asked Ron as they finished their fourth game,

'Think it something to do with beginners luck', said Harry shifting his weight from his knees.

'Your no beginner. You must be just lucky for a change', said Ron.

'Yeah, not very often I win at this', said Harry standing up. 'Be back in a minute'.

'Yeah, I suppose', said Ron. 'Hurry back, we can have a game of something different'.

Harry nodded and walked to the bathroom where once there he locked the door and could grab himself without anyone noticing. As soon as he turned to the toilet, Harry pulled down his jeans and boxers and aimed his member at the toilet, just has he started to leak. He relaxed and peed forcibly into the toilet. He had made it, granted he was on the verge of leaking by the time he had sorted himself out but he had made in nevertheless. Finishing up he flushed the loo and unlocked the door and went back to Ron in his room.

'You ok?' asked Ron when Harry entered the room.

'I am now', said Harry sitting back down.

'Shall we go play some Quidditch. The twins are back from wherever they have been and want to play',said Ron.

'Yeah, not been able to play for a while', said Harry.

They both went downstairs and into the yard where the twins, Fred and George were waiting for them.

'Two-a-side Quidditch,' said Ron.

'Yeah, better than not Quidditch', said Fred.

'Lets go', said George.

They all got into the air, practicing with a Quidditch set designed for the purpose of practice.

Meanwhile, Severus and Molly had joined them in the garden.

'Glad to see Harry outside for a change', said Severus.

'Hasn't he been outside at home?' asked Molly.

'Nope, we've been trying to get him outside for over a month, but he keeps shut up in his room most of the day. To be honest, Molly, I am worried about him. It could be a phrase but somehow I don't think so', Severus said.

'Something is obviously on his mind'.

'Yeah, that what frightens me. Every since we told him about having to go see a specialised healer he's been up in his room. He knows he has to in order to understand why he his body is like it is. He's gone quite withdrawn at home now, and to be honest Molly, I think he is a little depressed about it', said Severus.

'Maybe have a word with him. It might help'.

'I thought about that. But how can I do that?'

'Sit him down, say you would like a word. We've had to do that to Ginny a fair but recently. I'm sure you'll be able to work out what to say', said Molly.

Severus sighed. He knew Molly understood about it.

'I think I will try tomorrow, today he is having too much fun and i don't want to ruin that for him'.

'Your right, Sev, but if you need help you can always owl me or Arthur'.

'Thanks Molly, but Mary will be there with me'.

'Mary Dumbledore?'

'Yes, we are married but she kept her maiden name, for ease on the students'.

'I know. Harry still calls you two mum and dad dont he?'

'Yes, this morning though, Harry is calling me Severus, not that it worries me but I think he is building himself up to talk to me about something, what I dont know'.

'Give him time, he may tell you when he feels up to it', said Molly

'I know. I just wish he had the confidence to do so', sighed Severus.

'It could be that he feels embarrassed about whatever it is', said Molly reasonably.

Severus shrugged.

'BOYS, TIME TO STOP PLAYING! LUNCH!' shouted Molly.

'I just hope he has the courage soon', said Severus as they went into the kitchen.

'I'm sure he will. He may come to you sooner than you think', said Molly.

Severus sighed. He knew Molly had the experience with things like this because of having children of her own.

'Dad', said Harry going up to Severus.

'Yes'.

'Can Ron come over ours another day?' asked Harry.

'Of course he can, but he will have to ask Mrs Weasley', said Severus.

Harry nodded. 'I'll make sure he asks'.

Severus nodded.

After they had all eaten Ron said he was going to fetch his chess set so that he and Harry could play in the living room. The twins went up to their room to do some homework and Ginny said she was going to play with Luna who had called round.

'Severus, Harry seems to be happy enough', Molly commented half an hour later.

'He is. Has Ron asked you whether he could come round our another day?'

'He has, I said it was fine as long as it was alright with you.'

'It is fine with me. As long as he behaves himself, I haven't got a problem with him coming over'.

Harry was having so much fun that he didn't take much notice of what his body was telling him until he felt his bladder release itself. He gasped making Severus look at him and Ron to look embarrassed for his friend.

'Harry, whats wrong?' asked Severus kindly knowing exactly what was wrong as Harry's jeans were wet and he knew what could have happened to make them wet.

Harry reddened. He had been afraid of this happening.

'You're not in trouble Harry', said Severus after seeing Harry go red. 'It was only an accident'.

Harry sighed. 'I know', he mumbled. 'Just wish it didn't happen'.

'Come here and I will spell you clean', said Severus. 'We will talk about this later and I repeat you are not in any kind of trouble for this'.

Harry nodded and got up. He felt horrid in his wet things, but nevertheless he walked over to Severus who quickly and silently spelled Harry clean and dry.

'Dad, why does this happen to me?' asked Harry.

'Because your have had trauma done to your bladder, Harry. You are not to blame for this. Your cousin is. This isn't your fault and accidents happen to the best of us, even adults', explained Severus quietly to him.

'Can we go home now?' asked Harry.

'No, not yet. Don't let this spoil the fun you're having. In about an hour we will go. Not before. Besides, it will take your mind off the accident for a while', Severus told him.

Harry nodded. He hated this happened to him in front of his best friend but he also knew that his friend wouldn't tease him and make fun of him because of it. None of the Weasleys did, and for that he was grateful to them, respected them even. They was like an adopted family that Severus, Sirius and himself had grown to see them like an extended family.

