Megan's Sadistic Mother

Author: Ishigreensa

*018*2012-03-07 14:15

Chapter 5

Thanksgiving

A month or so later, near the end of the month, Thanksgiving had crawled upon the young teenagers. Though that little school break had been the strangest one the four girls had ever spent together, they didn’t talk about it. They just went on about their lives, and when they went to Megan’s house, they avoided going into the living room at all. It wasn’t like they really wanted to be there before anyway. They had always gone straight to Megan’s room unless they were eating a snack in the kitchen together.

The Saturday before Thanksgiving, Megan came waddling down the stairs as usual her diaper soaked and ready for her mom to change her when her mother surprised her with some news she had forgotten about.

“We are expecting your friends over for a week, in about two hours, so after I change you, make sure your room is cleaned up for them.”

“Oh, okay,” Megan said without thinking.

“No, I mean clean it good. They are staying the night for about a week.”

“Oh, yeah,” Megan smiled. “They are staying with us for every holiday?”

“That’s right,” Jennifer smiled at her daughter. “Come here so I can get that wet diaper off you. Go put on some big girl clothes and we’ll have a special breakfast together, all of us later.”

Megan ran up the stairs after her mother had taken the pins out of her diaper and let it fall to the floor. She rummaged through her dresser until she found some shorts and purple panties, and she started to arrange her room for her friends.

The morning was nice and cool. Looking out the window, Megan could see a light powdering of snow over the garage, over the yard, and on some of the other houses. Winter was officially started about a month ago, but this was the first snow that really stuck overnight.

Megan raced down the steps, and in the kitchen, she found her mom looking into the cupboards and fridge marking off the things they needed to shop for.

“It’s snowing!” she called to her mom.

“Yes. When we get back, you girls can go to the back outside and play in it for a while.”

“I’m getting a little old to play in the ….” Megan became quiet. Her mom was giving her a look like she better not finish her sentence. “Sorry mom. Whatever you say.”

The doorbell rang at nine, and Megan opened it to find her friends, all three of them, standing there looking a little nervous about coming in.

“Hey, Heidi, Nicole, Anna; what’s wrong?” Megan had realized that her friends were acting a little nervous.

“Well,” Heidi began. “Our mom said that we have to do everything your mom says. And well, they found out that we were put in a diaper at night when we stayed her last time, and they said that if we are going to wet like little kids, then they saw nothing wrong with that.”

“But, how did they find out you wet? My mom didn’t tell them?”

“Actually, my mom,” Heidi had tears in her eyes. “My mom found the stained underwear and thought I wet my pants when I tried to tell her that your mom wanted me in diapers at night.”

“My mom reminded me that I have had infections, and that it’s better to sleep in a diaper than to get your bed wet, so she said I can wear a diaper over here,” Nicole said also with tears running down her face.

“My mom,” Anna looked down. “She asked me if my friends wet their pants, and I wanted to say no, but she gave me that look. You know, the one that says she knows if I’m lying, and I had to admit that you did, except she wouldn’t hear me out enough to understand that Heidi didn’t. So, she said she saw nothing wrong with what was going on, and if I wet, she’d expect your mom to put me in a diaper, too.”

“I’m so sorry,” Megan whispered. “Isn’t there anyway you guys could tell my mom your too busy to do the sleepover this time?”

They all shook their heads no.

“My mom says that this is what we wanted,” Anna whispered. “She said that if we didn’t want to spend our vacations together, then we should not have made such a big deal about it over the summer.”

“Yeah, my mom said the same,” Nicole whispered.

“Mine, too,” Heidi hung her head.

“Well, maybe there is a way to prove to my mom you don’t need them,” Megan whispered wondering what she could do to help convince her mom.

“I’m alright with it,” Nicole said. “I do wet sometimes, but I don’t like it that Anna has to check me. If she just asked me, I could be honest.”

“I know,” Megan looked down. “It embarrasses me too, when I’m checked all the time, and I also hated it when you were checked last time you were here. I wish there was a way to get her back so she’d stop checking us like that, and let us be.”

“Do you really want to get her back?” Heidi asked Megan.

“Um… not really,” Megan shuttered at the thought. “I just… want my mom to leave you alone and let us work it out if Nicole wets her pants or something.”

Jennifer strolled to the door, placed her hands on her hips, and looked at the four teenagers standing in the doorway. “Why aren’t you coming in? Please, we are ready for you, and you can put your things up in the room that you will be sharing.”

Nicole and Anna looked at one another and sighed. They smiled up at Jennifer and proceeded across the threshold. Heidi, however, was a little nervous. She really wanted to ask that Jennifer treat her a little differently this time.

“Jennifer?” Heidi stammered as Megan went back inside to take Nicole and Anna up the stairs. “You know I didn’t actually wet that first time you saw me, and the second time was really an emergency from waiting all that time. Don’t you think….”

“You want me to give you another chance?”

Heidi nodded.

“Tell you what. I’ll check you when I check everyone else this evening and if your undies are dry, I’ll let you go without a diaper tonight. However, if you are wet in the morning, then I don’t want arguments about the rest of your time here.”

“I… I understand,” Heidi mumbled.

“Good. Go on up and get ready. We are going to go out for breakfast in just a little bit.”

Heidi walked up the stairs to find the others in the bedroom. They were already putting their things away in places that Megan have prepared for them. There were two new dressers just for Megan’s friends’ things.

“I think mom is taking us to the international house of Pancakes this morning,” Megan informed the other girls. “She says that maybe we can play in the snow when we get back.”

“Play in the snow?” Anna looked at Megan with outrage.

“Yeah,” Megan said her head hanging. “I’m sorry, but it seems she still thinks we are little kids.”

“I guess I promised to obey your mom, so we can go outside, but I doubt I’ll be playing in the snow,” she put her hands on her hips. “Maybe you can at least get her to take us to the mall to hang out. Surely she must realize we are bigger kids, even if she thinks we are kids?”

“We can ask,” Megan nodded. “But my mom is….”

“Just your mom,” Nicole sighed. “Don’t worry about Jennifer. Let’s just enjoy being with our friends, okay?”

Anna nodded.

“At least we don’t have to go to school for two extra days,” Heidi said on a positive note. “My mom said that Jennifer didn’t want us to ruin our time off by having school this week at all. And it seems at least my mom agreed with her.”

“Yeah, that is something,” Anna agreed. “I wonder why Jennifer likes to give us a whole week off all the time instead of the set holidays though.”

Megan shrugged feeling like they were wanting her to explain. “I honestly don’t know. It’s the first time she’s ever let me take extra days off from school.”

Another forty-five minutes found the five women at the International House of Pancakes and eating stacks of delicious pancakes and some sausage and whatever else they could get. It seemed that Jennifer didn’t care how much money she was spending on the girls.

Then, she did take them to the mall to hang out instead of making them go outside in the cold. Her reason for it was different than Anna wanted to hear, but at least they didn’t have to play in the snow like little kids.

“I’ll be back at seven to pick you girls up,” Megan’s mom told them.

Chapter Five Part Two:

Megan, and her friends went first to check what movies were playing. They had plenty of money on them to do whatever they wanted to do thanks to Jennifer giving Megan a hundred and twenty dollars and told them to have a good time.

“There isn’t really anything on that I care about,” Megan informed the others. Does anyone else want to see something?”

“Naw, none of these are that interesting,” the girls all agreed.

“Let’s go see what new music is out,” Heidi recommended.

“Good idea. We can surely get plenty of CDs to share around with what we have,” Megan giggled cutely.

The girls ended up getting two music CDs, some lunch, and a couple of new bags at the coolest girl shop. Then they noticed that the time had really flown. They were just at the meeting place on time, when Heidi felt her bladder suddenly.

“I’ll be right with you guys,” she mumbled pointing at the bathroom.

“You aren’t allowed to go alone,” Megan said looking at her. “My mom would kill me if I let any of my friends go in there alone.”

“But we’re going to be late. Someone has to tell your mom where we are.”

“No, we have to either all meet her, or we have to all be late together. We can just go with you,” Megan looked around at her friends.

“No. I don’t want anyone to get in trouble. I’ll just ask to go after we meet her then.”

“Are you sure?” Anna asked.

“Yeah,” Heidi nodded.

The girls walked to the meeting place and saw Jennifer looking around for them dressed in a brown sweater and beige skirt. Her eyes had purple on the lids and on the brows from her cosmetic case. She also sported a purple shiny lip and she quite looked like the high school girl herself.

“You girls are a little late,” she glanced at the large clock that was displayed in the main Entrance hall on the ground floor. “Did you have fun?”

“Yeah,” Heidi spoke up at once. “But can you please excuse me to the lady’s room?”

“What did I say about saying stuff boldly in public?” Jennifer stared Heidi down.

“Sorry.”

“Can we have just one more moment?” Megan asked her mom.

“No, I think you girls had plenty of time at the mall. Please go get in the car. I’m going to take you all to have dinner, and then we are going to get you four ready for bed.”

Heidi gulped, but she wasn’t sure how to demand to go without making Jennifer angry, so she sighed and walked along with the others to the car. It was only a few minutes to get there anyway, so she figured she should just wait and not cause any problems.

Finally, after a forty minute dinner, in which time, Heidi had just barely made it to the bathroom, and after another fifteen minute stop at the video rental shop, they were finally pulling into the drive of Megan’s house.

“Alright girls. I want the four of you in the living room, your pants down so I can see if your panties are wet and if you need a diaper or not.”

“I… um… wet the bed,” Nicole confessed thinking that it was better to just tell the truth.

“Alright, you and Megan will be in a diaper for sure,” Jennifer agreed. “But I should still check your undies.”

“Alright.”

The girls all stripped to their undies in the living room, and Jennifer took a close look at them even to the point of feeling their bottoms. Then she smiled.

“Alright, well, since Nicole has admitted to wetting the bed, Anna, go ahead and change her into a diaper so I can see that you remember how.”

Anna’s face blushed, but she complied. She put Nicole’s feet in the straps and she prepared the materials just as she had remembered. Not too long after, Nicole was in a bulky cloth.

Heidi then took her turn at diapering Megan. She had watched Anna of course, so she had a chance to see how it was done again. Now, with two girls undressed from the waist down except for heavy clothes between their legs and two girls with flimsy undies, Jennifer sent them up to bed.
