Gone Away - Page 2

Author: MagicMike123

*025*2015-11-30 00:46

{{:

That's so true

}}

We'll just have to see, It's not like I haven't thought an element of revenge for this story, haha.

*027*2015-11-30 00:50

{{:

*Nods grining*Alyssa needs some rev née

}}

She really does especially since her punishments are mostly likely going to get worse.

*029*2015-11-30 01:54

{{:

Alyssa will need some good revenge on Becky

}}

I'll take suggestions, got anything special in mind?

*031*2015-11-30 02:11

{{:

Maybe when Becky is sleeping Alyssa can find a way to break out of the basement and sneak into her kitchen then find some strong sleeping pills and put them into her water and when Becky falls asleep fill her up with water and tie her hands up then Alyssa can be in charge

}}

Great minds think alike I suppose, I was thinking along the lines of Becky forgetting to lock the basement, and Alyssa finding revenge that way, probably involving using some sleeping pills too. I won't reveal any further. Maybe we can discuss some more ideas or pm sometime.

*033*2015-11-30 02:14

{{:

That would be cool ^__^

}}

Maybe we could even do a collab. story or role play some time.

*035*2015-11-30 02:18

{{:

I love role playing its so much fun

}}

I've only done 1 role play before, but I had to leave because something came up and I never got back to it, it would be fun to another one, preferably on a weekend when I have more time.

*037*2015-11-30 02:30

{{:

I have done a lot but some of the ppl I have role played with never keep it going as long as I would like

}}

I'd definitely go as long as you like, as long as I have the time. I love doing long role plays, how long do you like to usually do them for?

*039*2015-11-30 02:39

{{:

As long as I can *Grins*

}}

Haha, I could role play for hours as long as I have nothing to do, which is usually the case on weekends.

*041*2015-11-30 03:58

{{:

Same here but I'm free all of the time =))

}}

I really wish I was free all the time haha.

*043*2015-11-30 04:10

{{:

I'm just a free bee lol

}}

Cool, I think I am probably going to do an RP with you next weekend.

*045*2015-12-03 23:49

I am going to post the next update Friday or Saturday. It is just about half way done. Just wanted to keep you guys updated :)

*047*2015-12-05 07:27

Gone Away

Chapter 4: Dinner and a Punishment

It was now 4:55, with only a measly 5 minutes until dinner. Alyssa was violently scissoring her legs, barely able to contain the massive amount she was holding. She had gone from discomfort to pain. Her bladder was full to the brim. Even though her bladder felt like if she drank any more it was going to pop like a water balloon, she stayed surprisingly dry, although some of that was done by having her finger jamming her pee hole shut. She was mostly relying on will power and strength, but when her bladder muscles became tired and were about to give out, she was able to substitute half of the work her urinary sphincter was doing with her finger, and biting her lip. She danced around the room, pee forcing itself through urethra, slightly dampening her white panties. Her bladder felt huge, and she didn’t think she ever had held so much at one time. Then, relief suddenly got closer. The clock struck five, and Becky came down stairs to get Alyssa for dinner.

She saw Alyssa hopping up and down, trying to hold it in.

“Let’s see if you leaked, sit down” Becky commanded.

Alyssa sat on the carpet, pushing her crotch as hard as she could in to the ground, her hand still in it.

“Alyssa” Becky started, “you have to move your hand or otherwise I can’t see if you have any leaks or not”.

Alyssa slowly took her hand away, for a half second, pee leaking out of her damp crotch in to her also damp pants. Alyssa’s bladder was trembling.

Becky patted her down, a little spurt of pee shooting out, creating a very small dark spot.

“Stay dry, be careful, just a little bit longer and you can go. I have also decided to let you go directly after dinner, instead of with a wait before”.

Becky watched as Alyssa got back up, and starting bouncing around again.

Alyssa could not help it. And Becky loved it. She found it so interesting how she could quite literally enslave a girl, just by controlling their bathroom use. All Becky had done, except for tying Alyssa up, had made her hold her pee, and Becky was in full control. She for a second thought about how cruel she was being. Not allowing Alyssa to pee, having her hold it for hours on end on with a overly full bladder, and if she became too wet tonight, hold her bladder for over 10 hours. Becky thought about this, but dropped it, Becky needed to be taught. Wetting herself like that earlier in the day was unacceptable.

Becky brought Alyssa upstairs for dinner, which was a pizza she had picked up earlier. Becky put Alyssa in her high chair and started her on a full glass of juice. Alyssa stared at the bottle, thinking of her damp private area, being pushed up against the chair, the chair acting as a cork much like the bouncer, helping her to hold it.

Even though Alyssa was now able to pee at her regular time. She knew holding it 20 more minutes would be close to, if not impossible. She would just have to hope Becky would listen to her and let her go now.

“Becky?” Alyssa asked.

“Yes?” Becky responded.

“My bladder is so full it hurts, please let me go, I don’t think I can hold my bladder can hold another full glass, it feels as if it might pop”, Alyssa said.

“Alyssa”, Becky started, “I already decreased the amount of time before your next break. It’s like your asking to have unlimited breaks. Just for that, I am going to increase your amount of time, until after dinner clean up”.

Alyssa panicked.

“No!” She exclaimed.

“Very well, directly after dinner, but if you leak too much, It’s going to be delayed. Now be a good girl for me and hold it in, okay?”

“Yes… mam” Alyssa responded.

Just like that, there it was again. Just by threatening to make her hold it for 20 more minutes, she obeyed me.

Alyssa still hesitated.

“Alyssa, drink”, Becky ordered.

Alyssa swallowed, sucking the juice down. She felt all of it enter her bladder, it filling it beyond the brim. She was already leaking, there was no way she was going to have a wet patch smaller than a golf ball, and she just hoped she wouldn’t entirely lose control. For the twenty minutes of dinner, Alyssa persevered. She had leaked several times, even feeling wetness around her legs, but she still remained mostly in control. As she finished her dinner, Becky got her out of the high chair, unlocking the locks on her pants.

Becky shook her head in shame as Alyssa exited the high chair, revealing a wet patch coving the entire crotch area of her shorts.

“You are not going to get off easy for that”, Becky said.

Alyssa’s bladder was so full, she wasn’t sure it was possible to hold this much. She limped up the stairs, her hand on her jeans, her hand soaked by pee. Droplets were running down her legs, her bladder leaking almost constantly. Becky watched as Alyssa pulled down her jeans, releasing a five second long torrent in to them, her peeing for well over a minute.

When Alyssa finished, she was still dripping pee, breathing quick and heavy. She had done it, she had made it, but just barely.

“Well Alyssa, you’ve made it to the toilet, but look at those shorts and panties”, Becky said.

Alyssa’s jean shorts and panties were soaking wet, part of the towel by the shower, which her shorts were on, damp.

“Good job for holding as much as you did, but you did not fully meet my expectations. Your shorts were going to be able to be worn tomorrow, but as you can see, that obviously is not the case. In fact, I think we will need to go shopping tomorrow. Things like these bite your ass, or bladder, if you may, they really do

, Becky continued. I am going to make it simple, tomorrow, I will give you your morning break, because almost no one who I have ever baby sat was able to survive without their morning break. I will not give you a break until we get back though, I am going to have you drink a bottle and ½ before we go out, and we will eat at the mall. We will eat halfway through, and you will drink a large lemonade, and maybe I will get you some ice cream if you stay mostly dry. If you leak though, I will give you an extra bottle, and you will pee whenever we get back, so probably around one. If we leave at 9:00 or 9:30, that could be up to four hours on almost four bottles worth of liquid. I think you will hold out though, I still have some faith in you, Becky giggled”.

“You are to drink 3 bottles of water before bed, empty your bladder at bed time, and then drink a glass or two, most likely two, of some warm milk or tea before bed. I will probably check on you a half an hour before are allowed out of bed, and if you are desperate, you will nonetheless have to wait until break at 8:15”, Becky said.

Becky had Alyssa finish three bottles by eight o’ clock, with an hour and a half left of holding. She was already desperate, and now she just had to make the final stretch of the day.

