Lady Samantha Edwards - THE BILLION DOLLAR OMORASHI PRINCESS

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2020-07-05 12:00

Hey everyone!

Thank to you everyone who voted in my poll, the winning story was about Lady Samantha Edwards; a spoiled rich girl, who discovers and uses her omorashi fetish, to humiliate people for her own erotic thrills. The full story will be published on Amazon soon but until then, here's a sneak peak as thank you to everyone who took part. Enjoy!

LADY SAMANTHA EDWARDS - THE BILLION DOLLAR OMORASHI PRINCESS - PART I

Samantha stood poised and elegant, smiling sweetly as her father’s helicopter lifted off from her family’s private airstrip; located two miles from the main mansion. Waving daintily, she eventually let her hand fall once the helicopter had become little but a shrinking black dot on the horizon; her sweet smile replaced with a small, smug grin. A dozen family servants stood on both sides of her and she walked in-between them, back towards her family’s limo; the doors opened and closed for her without an order being spoken. She relaxed comfortably against the fine black leather, her smooth red-dress resting gracefully over her knees; covered in fine black tights that stretched down to a pair of light-brown boots worth, more than half her servants’ yearly salaries.

Her curly blonde hair was pristine, braided with half a dozen daisies resting atop and her fierce blue eyes gazed out of the window as the limo drove slowly forward. Years of training with the finest tutors in the world had given her a slender, toned figure; her breasts naturally large; though not excessive, her bum sizeable but not weighty. Had any been able to see under her dress at this moment, they would have glimpsed an expensive red-lace thong; satin and damp, with a noticeable wet spot on its front.

For Samantha Edwards was minutes away from wetting herself; a shame beyond imagining for someone of her status.

Yet; even more shockingly, this was by her choice.

She had chanced upon this kink by happenstance; two weeks after her sixteenth birthday. The daughter of a British duke, Lady Alice of Cornwall had been invited to go horse-riding with Samantha by her father and she; reluctantly, had accepted. She had found the girl insufferably boring from the start, yet another lickspittle who tried to flatter her for her beauty or father’s wealth: Vapid, senseless, simple. She had ridden fast and deep into her family’s wood; testing her new ‘friend’s’ ability to keep up, until they were more than two hours ride from her mansion.

It had been a boiling summer’s day and Samantha had brought two flasks with her, one of water and one of strong Russian Vodka; yet Lady Alice had drunk most of both as well as her own, struggling with the Californian heat. Her father’s mansion controlled a thousand-acres of woodland and; deep along its trails, Lady Alice suddenly asked if they might return to the mansion. Samantha had eagerly obliged, wishing to be free of her company but found herself amused as she realised why the girl had made the request: With every passing minute, it was clear her fellow lady was becoming increasingly in need of the bathroom.

At first, it was subtle; Alice fidgeting too much in the saddles as they galloped or slowing at parts where the ground was more uneven, yet once the first hour of their return journey had reached its end, Samantha witnessed the girl’s plight become blisteringly obvious. Her hand was frequently pressed between her legs in the saddle; something Samantha watched with growing interest she could not quite understand, as Alice began to openly moan, small grunts at first, yet soon, wails of desperation, as eventually, nearing the edge of the woodland, Alice had slipped from her steed and begged Samantha’s leave to wait; telling her she would return shortly. Samantha had simply galloped after her; after half-a-minute or so of shock that anyone would dare abandon and command her within her own lands. She found Alice, struggling desperately against the knots of her tight-riding trousers; squirming desperately on the spot.

“Alice, get back on your horse, what do you think you’re doing?!”.

“Lady Samantha, please, I beg your pardon; I need just a momen-”.

“Do you really think I’m going to let you use these woods as a commoner relieves themselves? Get back on your horse, now; or my father will hear of this”.

Alice had reluctantly stumbled back to her horse, her hands clutching in-between her legs with every few steps; as she danced desperately, humiliatingly, in-front of Lady Samantha, trying to avert the inevitable, her long brown hair swaying as her shoulders shook violently. Samantha had considered chastising her behaviour further, however she found the way Alice was behaving strangely fascinating: No-one had ever dared behave this way around her before and she felt a strange knot build in her stomach, like a tension waiting to be relieved.

Before she could ponder it further, she heard Alice cry-out as Lady Samantha had gasped in shock. Not ten steps from her horse, Samantha watched as a dark wet patch spread rapidly across Alice’s riding trousers; long streams of pee jetting out from several places, running over her boots and forming a large puddle around her. The girl’s body was shaking with fear and relief as she continued to wet herself, sobbing as she begged Samantha for forgiveness, who barely heard the girl; instead enraptured by her ongoing accident...

TO BE CONTINUED...

