A Desperate Road Trip

Author: Morgan91

*000*2017-12-06 05:40

Edith had to go pee. Right. Now. She'd had to go since about five minutes after their last pit stop. Edith was incredibly determined to make it to their next planned stop without asking for the bathroom. She knew it was a hassle for Mom and Dad to make another stop and have to unbuckle her little brother from his wheelchair. She bit her lip and looked out over the landscape. She could've sworn they'd crossed the border over to Utah by now, but she hadn't seen any signs. She longingly looked at the gas station as they drove by, wishing Dad would need to stop and buy another pack of smokes. Edith adjusted her legs, trying not to draw attention from her three siblings.

Her older brother, Elias, pushed up his red wire-framed glasses and scrunched up his nose as he stared intently at his Gameboy Advance. It was one of those cool flip-up “SP” ones; Mom and Dad had just bought it for him for his 14th birthday. Edith was jealous; she was stuck with Eli's hand-me-down old school Gameboy and Pokemon Blue. Eli had saved up his allowance to buy Pokemon Sapphire, which looked amazing on that little back-lit screen. Edith tried to focus on her jealousy instead of her desperate urge to pee, but it wasn't working very well. She quickly pressed her legs together and tightened her hold. Edith winced, realizing she might not make it much longer.

“Daddy!” Edith's younger sister, Esther, called from the back seat of the van.

“What is it, pumpkin?”

“Daddy I need to go pee,” Esther sang the word 'pee' like she was auditioning for a musical. It was like the eight-year-old was expecting woodland creatures to carry her off to the toilet at the drop of a hat.

“Can you hold it, princess? We just passed a gas station, but we can pull over as soon as another one comes along.”

“I can hold it for a while,” Esther reassured their dad.

Edith, on the other hand, was bursting. She was jiggling her legs, doing a kind of seated potty dance.

“Can you stop that for, like five seconds?! Please?! I'm trying to concentrate,” Elias barked.

Edith crossed one leg over the other, trying not to bounce too much. She felt a tiny stream of pee escape and drip into her Paul Frank panties, but quickly plugged the flow. She stuck her hand between her legs and held herself. Edith was thankful that Elias wasn't paying close enough attention to realize how desperate she was. On their last family road trip, before their youngest brother Ezra was born, Elias had taunted Edith the whole trip. Every time she needed to go to the bathroom he told her to think about waterfalls and made gushing and spurting sounds with his mouth.

She peed her pants only twice the whole trip, but Elias never let her live it down. Edith's bladder had become stronger than it was when she was five, going on six. Now at eleven, almost twelve, she felt like she was grown enough to handle holding it. And she wouldn't let Elias win this one. Another spurt erupted from her urethra, dampening her panties and possibly her embroidered denim shorts. Edith was afraid to check.

“Daddy! Oh my gosh, I see a gas station!” Esther squealed with joy from the back seat.

Ezra, who had been quiet for a while, let out a goofy laugh.

“Perfect timing,” Dad said, “I'm ready to stretch my legs.”

Edith squeezed her quivering legs together and leaned forward. It was about time; she wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it for.

Dad pulled into the gas station and unlocked the van. Esther flung open the sliding door and ran, holding herself, for the gas station door. Elias closed his Gameboy and shoved it into his backpack. “I gotta go too,” he said, running after his youngest sister.

“Edie, would you help me with Ezra?” Mom asked.

“Um,” Edith squeaked, pressing hard on her urethra, unsure if she could even get up without letting loose.

“It'll only take a minute, hun,” Mom reassured her.

“Mom, I really need to-”

“Can you unbuckle him and I'll unload the wheelchair?”

Edith cautiously got up from her seat, being very careful not to disturb her too-full bladder. She could feel the pressure as she changed positions and slipped into the back seat. Her five-year-old brother stared off in the distance, seemingly unaware of the world around him. He smiled and waved his arms as if he were conducting an orchestra. Edith wondered for a moment what Ezra would be like without cerebral palsy. She unbuckled him from the wheelchair car seat contraption that was especially built for the family's van and Mom lowered him and his chair down the ramp. Edith was still trying to disguise her potty dance, but failing terribly. Mom wasn't paying any attention, but if she had been, she would've shook her head and told Edith to just go.

From the corner of her eye, she could see her little sister running back to the car, holding a giant bag of Cool Ranch Doritos. They were Dad's favourite and she'd suckered him into buying a bag for her. Edith sighed; she was a little jealous, but at least the bathroom was free. She slowly headed towards the gas station bathrooms, every few steps having to squeeze herself. A few tiny drips of pee made their way down her leg, but nothing drastic enough for anyone to notice.

When she finally made it to the bathroom door, she felt like she'd finally found her oasis. Edith let out a giant sigh and tried for the door. It didn't budge. She tried again.

“Hey! I'm peeing here!” Elias bellowed.

“Elias?!”

“Can I not just use the bathroom in peace?!”

“Eli- I-I really need to go... can you please...”

“Seriously, can you give me a damn minute?!”

Edith could hear the sound of a fast, hard stream and it made her even more desperate. She was ready to let go, but she couldn't. She could hear that he had finished and had flushed, but he was taking his sweet time washing his hands. “Eli! Please! I really, really, really need to go!”

A loud groan came from inside the bathroom. “I'm almost done, for god's sake!”

Edith banged on the door again, “Hurry!” she shouted in a voice that was almost unrecognizably desperate. She was hopping and dancing, trying to keep it all in. None of it was working. She felt a leak and held herself tighter. Moving around wasn't helping, but standing still was next to impossible. She tried to hold her breath and close her eyes. She thought about the last time she'd been in this much trouble.

During Spring Break, she went on a Girl Guides camping trip and had drank almost a whole two-liter cola as a dare from another girl in her cabin. She didn't have time to use the toilets before they left camp. Edith had to hold all that soda for what felt like an hour on the bus. Thankfully, the girl sitting next to her also needed to use the bathroom and they helped each other through the situation by distracting one another. Edith made the mistake of making her partner laugh, though, which ended in her bus mate losing control before they got back home. Edith still felt bad about that whole scenario. The girl who wet herself never came back to Guides.

Edith knocked on the door again. “Elias! I-I have to go really b-badly! Please... let me go pee!”

She heard the sink and Elias pushed the door open. “God, you're so impatient!” he grumbled.

Edith gave him a half smile and let herself into the dirty bathroom. She didn't want to sit on the seat, but she had no choice. Time was running out. Another tiny trickle escaped into her already soaked panties. She pulled down her shorts with some difficulty and sat down on the grimy toilet seat, feeling a hard rush of urine... fill her underwear. Edith gasped, realizing her mistake. There was no going back now. The Paul Frank money on the front of her panties was completely soaked through and she could feel pee sticking to her hot skin.

She looked down at her shorts and realized that they were much wetter than expected. A large wet spot had gathered at the crotch and backside of her shorts. She swore she'd held most of it in! Edith wanted to cry. She couldn't go back to the car with wet shorts. Her heart was throbbing with anxiety. She finished peeing and went to the sink, trying to wash the urine out of her panties and shorts. The water was just making everything worse. She tried to blow dry her clothes in the push-button hand dryer, but it barely worked. Tears streamed down Edith's face. She would never hear the end of this from Elias and Esther.

She pulled on her soaking panties and drenched denim shorts and made her way back to the car.

“Edie, honey, are you okay?” Mom asked.

Edith shook her head. “I... I had an accident,” she whispered.

“We've got some clean clothes for you in the back of the car,” Mom replied. “Your brother and sister don't even have to know.” She handed Edith a backpack and sent her back to the bathroom. But before she could wander off, she heard Elias snickering.

“Ha! Did you pee your pants, Edie? That's hilarious!” he laughed.

Esther rolled down the window of the front seat. “Oh my gosh, you peed your pants?! Are you, like five?!” Esther giggled mercilessly.

Edith's lip quivered. She wanted to run away and cry, but she just stood there, trying to cover her soaked jeans.

$$

$$

$$

*004*2017-12-07 23:45

{{On 12/6/2017 at 9:16 AM, Manowar said:

Yeah, poor Edith. Wet pants in front of siblings is not very nice experiences...

Good story. Do you think about more stories with this characters?

}}

Might continue/do another one about the siblings. Any requests? I might have some time in the next week or so...

*006*2017-12-08 05:08

{{2 hours ago, Manowar said:

Maybe something with bedwetting and being catch?

}}

I'll see what I can come up with! Do you prefer male or female omo?

*009*2017-12-08 23:53

{{10 hours ago, 126 said:

I really liked this story. I would suggest for the next chapter to include also desperation and/or wetting of the mother, maybe in pantyhose... I really would like to see that :)

}}

Currently working on a request from Manowar, but perhaps for the story after that! "Mom" didn't get a lot of screen time in this one; she could use some more development.

*011*2017-12-11 21:01

This takes place months after the road trip and is written for Manowar.

Chapter 2: The Sleepover

"How excited are you for Ruthie's birthday?!" squealed Bea, who was always excited about something. "Do you think her brother's gonna be there? He's, like, so cute..."

Edith shrugged. She didn't give a ton of thought to boys like Chuck Colborne; he was much too athletic for her liking. Edith was barely paying attention anyway; she was very much regretting not using the bathrooms at school before their walk home.

Auburn-haired Pearl rolled her eyes. "Well, probably. I mean, he lives there. Jeez, Bea, use your brain," she abrasively replied.

"I was just kidding," Bea sheepishly muttered, backpedaling on her comments.

Pearl grinned. "We all know that Chuck's way more into me anyway. I mean, we both play soccer..."

Edith smiled but said nothing. She was trying not to laugh at all, fearing that she would open the flood gates. Neither of her friends were likely to win over Ruthie's sixteen-year-old brother, which really leveled the playing field for all three girls. If any of them were likely to win over someone in junior year, it would be Ruthie. She had already dated a boy from her brother's class earlier in the year and it was Ruthie who had broken up with him. Edith squeezed her thighs together and scuffed her feet along the pavement, feeling her full bladder bouncing around like a water balloon with each step.

As they approached Edith's house, she began to feel a bit nervous. She didn't much care for sleepovers; sleeping on the floor of someone else's living room always made it hard for her to fall asleep and she usually felt terrible the next morning, like the world was unstable. Not to mention, last time she went to a sleepover with Ruthie, she had wet the bed. She called her mom in the middle of the night to come get her so nobody would see what had happened. Edith knew she was too old for that to happen again; she hadn't woken up to wet sheets in over a year, but still she was nervous about potential humiliation. While Bea and Pearl weren't looking, she pressed hard on her crotch through the blue pleated skirt of her school uniform. She was nearly home; she would make it. A little trickle of urine dribbled into her panties; Edith squeezed tighter.

“See you tonight!” Bea and Pearl called in unison as they came to her lot.

Edith waved a temporary goodbye and headed carefully into her empty house. Mom and Dad were still at work, Elias was playing Halo at his friend Willis's house, Esther was at dance until after dinner, and Ezra had a physiotherapy appointment that their aunt took him to after school.

Edith was relieved that Elias had left the door open for her. She wasn't even sure if she had a house key in her backpack and searching for it would certainly lead to a dire situation. She held herself tightly and made her way upstairs to the bathroom. Another spurt of urine rushed into her panties. She held tighter, pulling her panties up between the slit, hoping it would help her hold on for a few more moments. She burst through the bathroom door and pulled down her wet panties just in time. The hot rush of pee felt amazing. Edith sighed with relief. She took off her panties and threw them into the laundry basket.

She then went to her room that she shared with her little sister and started packing her bag. She opened the backpack that Mom had set out for her and found her things were already packed. There was a toothbrush, a travel tube of toothpaste, her pink silk pajamas, some clothes for tomorrow, and... something else? “Here if you need them” read a yellow sticky note attached to a pair of GoodNites. Edith immediately turned red. She hoped Esther hadn't seen what Mom had left in the backpack. Esther, to Edith's knowledge, had never wet the bed. She rarely had an accident, even as a little kid. It was hard having a little sister who was seemingly more mature and extroverted. Edith packed an extra pair of underwear in her backpack and changed out of her school uniform and into jeans and an Avril Lavigne shirt that Ruthie had bought for her.

Edith was the last guest to arrive at Ruthie's house. She set down her backpack and handed Ruthie a small gift box. Ruthie shook it. “Oh my gosh, I hope it's jewelry!” she excitedly squeaked. She leaned in for a hug, “Thank you!”

Edith smiled. She felt awkward whenever anyone hugged her; even her family.

“Come downstairs! We're having pizza!” Ruthie beckoned, opening the door to the wood paneled basement. Ruthie's family owned a classic 1960's era house complete with an old rec room. It was much funkier than the house Edith lived in, and much more spacious, as Ruthie only had one sibling.

“Ruthie, where are your mom and dad?” Edith inquired.

“Oh, yeah, they're out tonight. My dad's office party? They rented a hotel in the fancy part of downtown and they're, like, not coming home until tomorrow morning or whatever. But Chuck is upstairs in case we set anything on fire or anyone, like, dies? Also Mom left us, like, a hundred bucks to spend on the party, so...”

“Wow,” Edith was amazed at the level of trust in Ruthie's family.

“Also, you have to promise not to tell anyone, but...” Ruthie grinned a dopey, but menacing grin and held up a half empty bottle of vodka, “I found this in one of the cabinets down here. I think it's Chuck's, but if he tells Mom and Dad I've been drinking his booze, then we're both in trouble, so...” she trailed off again.

Pearl thrust a cup full of god knows what into Edith's hand. “Drink it! It's so good!” she shouted, almost stumbling over her own two feet.

Edith took the drink, feeling mostly unsure. She took a little sip. It just tasted like root beer mixed with coke. Pearl was probably just messing with her. Drinking was Ruthie's game anyway.

Bea was standing on the other side of the room, trying to shoot pool alone and failing miserably. “Ruthie, how do you play this game?” She tried again, weakly scratching the green felt of the board.

“I have no idea. That's my dad's from, like, a million years ago!”

Pearl took another swig of her drink. “I don't wanna play some lame old dad game anyway. Can't we just watch a horror movie?”

“Oh my gosh, we should play truth or dare!” Bea exclaimed, her eyes widening.

All was quiet for a moment before Ruthie giddily accepted Bea's offer.

Pearl rolled her eyes. “Jesus, that's so juvenile.”

Bea dug her hands into her hips and angrily retorted with, “What's your suggestion then?”

Pearl said nothing. She would let Bea have this one.

Edith finished her soda and sat down in the center of the room next to Bea and Ruthie. Before she could say anything, Pearl had mixed her another drink and set it down. Edith set it behind her, trying to ignore it.

“Drink it,” Pearl threatened.

“Yeah, we've all had, like, five. You need to keep up!” Ruthie encouraged.

Edith did as her friends requested, downing her second drink.

Pearl came at her with a third drink. “See, now you're caught up!”

Edith was starting to feel a little light headed and strange. She had never been drunk before and it felt kind of nice. The only downside was she knew she would need to pee soon. She could've gone right then and there, but she figured she could hold it until they finished truth or dare.

Ruthie looked directly at Bea and posed the question.

“Um, truth?” Bea answered.

“Who do you have a crush on?” Ruthie smiled.

“That’s easy. Peter Sommers,” said Bea.

“That’s a lie! She has a giant crush on Chuck!” Pearl interrupted.

Bea turned an incriminating colour of red.

“Gross! That’s my brother, Bea!” Ruthie pretended to vomit on the floor.

Edith adjusted herself, digging one of her heels into her crotch to help with the hold. She hoped nobody could tell she was getting desperate.

“It’s your turn to ask the question, brother-lover,” Ruthie said to Bea.

Bea looked at each of her friends. She turned to Pearl. “Your turn.”

“Dare,” Pearl smiled.

“I dare you to drink that vodka with no soda.”

“Ew! It smells like nail polish remover!” Pearl exclaimed.

Bea stared her down, “You totally have to do it. It’s like, the law or something.” She handed the bottle to Pearl and waited.

Pearl stared at the bottle for a minute before taking a gulp directly from the bottle. She coughed. “Ugh gross it burns!” she shouted, shuddering.

Bea laughed at Pearl’s discomfort.

It took Pearl no time at all to pick on Edith, who hadn’t had a turn yet. “Truth or dare, Edie?”

Edith uncrossed her legs and knelt instead, allowing her to keep holding. “Truth…”

“Why did you leave the party in the middle of the night last year?” Pearl asked.

Edith shrugged. She wanted to lie, but Ruthie already knew why. The anxiety she felt from the situation made her more desperate for the bathroom. She had to go now. “I, um, I have to go to the bathroom,” Edith said, slowly getting up, trying not to disturb her bladder too much.

“Answer the question,” Pearl demanded.

“I will, but I really-”

“Come on! Answer the question and then you can pee,” Bea begged.

Edith started potty dancing on the spot. She could feel herself losing the battle and tried to slink away, but Pearl grabbed her hand. Edith sprung a tiny leak, but plugged it with her hand. “Please let me go…” she whimpered.

“Not until you tell us the truth,” Pearl demanded.

Tears were welling up in Edith’s eyes, “Fine! I wet the bed, okay?”

The other girls were silent in shock and Edith ran upstairs to the toilet, desperately holding on. She unbuttoned her jeans and tried to pull down her pants. She tried to loosen her legs, but she was afraid she would lose the battle. She leaked more into her underwear, shoving her hand down her panties to plug her urethra. With the other hand, she yanked down her jeans and underwear, barely making it to the toilet before another warm, refreshing stream of pee rushed out of her.

Edith wanted to cry. Why was Pearl so mean? She finished peeing and pulled her wet panties and mostly dry jeans back up. As she washed her hands, she considered just walking back home. But what would Ruthie think? What if nobody else would want to be friends with her? She looked at herself in the mirror and splashed water onto her hot, embarrassed face. She could do this. Ruthie for sure had already known about the situation last year and had never made fun of her. Maybe the other girls would be forgiving as well.

“Oh, my sister Frankie says that pads are like diapers and only babies and really old ladies use them,” Bea explained as Edith walked back into the room.

“Did you pee your pants, Edie?” Pearl snickered.

Edith shook her head.

“Good. Maybe you won’t need a diaper tonight,” Pearl replied.

“If you do need one, Edie, you can have one of the pads my mom packed for me,” Bea told her. “I won’t need them ‘cause Frankie gave me a tampon.”

“Do you even know how to use a tampon?” Ruthie raised an eyebrow at Bea.

Bea shrugged, “You just, I don’t know, put it in.”

Ruthie and Pearl giggled amongst themselves.

“Oh my gosh, Bea, you totally don’t even have your period yet!” Ruthie snickered.

Bea said nothing and looked away.

“I… I don’t have mine either,” Edith stuttered, making a very weak attempt to make Bea feel normal. She had had the talk with Mom a few months ago and was incredibly anxious about the changes she was about to go through. Edith didn’t feel ready, even though she knew Ruthie and Pearl had both started and neither one had changed much.

“No wonder; you still pee the bed!” Pearl jabbed.

Edith felt like crying, but took another sip of her drink instead. Pearl went over to the almost empty bottle of vodka and poured four more drinks, finishing it off.

“Finish your drinks and I have another game for us to play. My cousin Jacob told me about this game at passover last year,” Pearl handed the other girls their drinks and finished the last few gulps of what she had left. “Basically whoever finishes first wins. I’ll count us in.”

Edith looked to Bea who was struggling with the last few gulps of her remaining drink, but managed to gulp it all down.

“You don’t have to drink it if you don’t like it,” Edith whispered.

“D-don’t tell me what to d-do,” Bea hiccupped, swaying slightly, side to side.

The girls all grabbed their new cups and looked to Pearl for instruction.

“On three we all chug our drinks. First person to finish gets a date with Chuck!” Pearl powered back her drink; it was obvious she was a pro at this game.

Edith tried to drink quickly, but was the first to tap out, coughing.

Ruthie was the second to stop drinking. “Like I want to go on a date with my brother,” she said. “I’m done with this.” Her cup was still half full.

Bea and Pearl were still trying to finish their drinks. Pearl threw her cup on the ground, being the first to finish. “Yeah!” she shouted.

Bea took the last gulp and stumbled back in defeat. She burped and then began coughing.

“That date is mine!” she shouted, “In your face, Bea!”

Bea grimaced. “I don’t feel very good,” she admitted.

“Oh whatever! You’re just being a sore loser,” Pearl shut her friend down.

Edith was worried about Bea. She looked really sick, like she was already trying to hold back a stream of vomit.

“Let’s go upstairs and have some water,” Ruthie said, taking Bea’s hand. “You’ll be fine, trust me.”

Bea slunk up the stairs as her friend dragged her along, stopping at the landing. She clutched her stomach and vomited on the stairs.

“Gross!” Ruthie exclaimed, letting go of Bea and running upstairs to tell her brother.

Bea lay there on the landing, continuing to empty her stomach onto the grey shag carpeting.

Pearl sighed, “What a baby.” She looked to Edith for agreement, but Edith just shrugged, feeling incredibly uncomfortable at the whole situation.

“What the hell, Ruth?!” a booming voice came. “You drank that whole bottle of vodka and puked it all back up?! Dad’s gonna be so pissed…”

“Dad?!” Ruthie squeaked.

“Yeah, idiot! That’s what he drinks when he comes home from work! I know he just bought it too… how did you babies drink a full bottle?! Jesus!” Chuck yelled. He then laid eyes on Bea. He let out a few curse words. “Ruth, go get the goddamn cleaning supplies. I’m putting your friend to sleep in your room.

Bea slowly opened her eyes, but fell back unconscious as Chuck carried her up the stairs.

Ruthie groaned, stomping up the stairs after them to grab cleaning supplies.

“I’m going to bed,” Pearl announced, “I’m not cleaning up any puke.” She grabbed her bag and went to the bathroom to get ready.

Edith didn’t want to clean up after Bea either. Now that nobody was downstairs, it was the perfect time to change into her pajamas and steal the couch for herself. She was feeling incredibly tired all of a sudden. Her body felt heavy as she pulled on her pink silk pajamas. When she was finished changing she looked into her bag again, realizing she had forgotten the GoodNites. It was too late. Edith yawned, convincing herself she would be fine. She hadn’t had an accident in so long. As she lay down, the room felt a bit like it was spinning, but Edith just closed her eyes and fell asleep.

A few hours later, Edith awoke in Ruthie’s basement. She was warm and cozy and wanted to fall back to sleep, but she knew if she didn’t go pee now, she would wake up to another wet sleeping bag. She got up slowly, the movement deeply disturbing her very full bladder. Edith squeezed her thighs together; she was about to burst. She looked in the direction of the stairs, realizing it was a long way up. She figured if she ran for it, there would be minimal leakage. She slunk silently over her unconscious friends, pressing on her urethra through her silk pants. She took a deep breath and started to run up the stairs, wadding up the crotch of her pants to help with the hold as she ran. She felt a spurt burst out, dampening the inseam of her right leg.

Edith stopped at the landing, readjusting herself. She was losing the battle. She crossed one leg over the other and squeezed, trying to keep herself from another spurt. Edith winced and wished she had worn the GoodNites her mom had packed for her. She squeezed one more time and then held herself with both hands and ran up the remaining ten stairs, tripping on the lip of the final stair. Edith fell hard on the floor, losing control from shock. She felt a hard stream of pee gushing out from between her legs. She was shaking as the wetness spread through her pink silk pants, turning them crimson.

Then Edith awoke in a puddle of her own urine, hands dug into her crotch still. Pee was still leaking through her fingertips. Her pants were soaked through, as was most of her sleeping bag. She began to whimper. What could she do? Ruthie’s parents were out. She couldn’t tell Chuck. When she finished emptying her bladder, she got up and grabbed her backpack, waking the other girls.

Ruthie opened her eyes, confused.

“What’s happening?” Pearl groggily muttered, turning on the lights to reveal a very wet Edith.

Ruthie said nothing there, sitting there in shock.

“Oh. My. God. You peed the bed again?!” Pearl accused, “That’s so disgusting!”

Edith shamefully hid behind her backpack, trying not to cry.

“Edith,” Ruthie said, “I… You can’t do this every time. You can’t sleep over if you’re just going to wet the bed every time! My mom didn’t even want you to come this year…”

Edith shed a few tears. “I can’t help it,” she whispered, “I’m so sorry…” She wiped the tears from her face, but they just kept coming. Her eyes were as damp as her pajamas.

*015*2017-12-13 23:57

{{On 12/11/2017 at 1:34 PM, Manowar said:

Poor Edith... again. She wet her sleeping bag (and the Ruthie's couch) so it was far worst than what Bea did... In this age vomit after drinking is not as big deal as peeing oneselves.

Thank you Morgan for the story. I am really appreciated.

}}

Glad you enjoyed, Manowar! If there is anything else you would like to see in this series, please let me know.

{{On 12/11/2017 at 2:46 PM, Melificentfan said:

Damn poor Edith I feel bad for her but that was a great story

}}

Thanks Melificentfan! Your comments are greatly appreciated.

{{On 12/12/2017 at 7:42 AM, 126 said:

As always, I loved your story. Very well-written and interteining. I feel bad for poor Edith, but at the same time I liked that she peed three times in this story. Please continue writing.

}}

Great to hear, 126!

I'm currently working on the next chapter with primary focus the mom. I intend to include desperation/wetting in pantyhose like you requested and I have a few other ideas I'm toying with. Was there anything else you would like to see either in the chapter I'm writing or in a future story?

I'll probably be posting the next chapter before the weekend.

*018*2017-12-15 05:55

{{22 hours ago, 126 said:

Thank you really much! I would like to see also Edith and the mom desperate to pee in line for the bathroom, if you can do that... That would be awesome! Thank you again and keep posting, I really love the way you write.

P.S.: if you could make them barefeet, it would be great! So sorry if I'm asking too much...

}}

Might have to wait for the next chapter for that scene. I finished a lot more than I thought I would and not totally sure how I would add that in without drastically changing scenes and pace. Will post the next chapter probably tonight and another one following it within the week. Thanks for the suggestions; makes things easier to write if I have a goal to meet.

*019*2017-12-15 06:21

This takes place about a month before chapter 2 and is written for 126

CHAPTER 3: MOM'S DAY OUT

“Let's go, Ezra!” his mother, Penny, cheerfully sang. She tried not to express how incredibly tired she felt. It had been over five years since Penny had enjoyed a full night’s sleep. She and her husband, Jack, would take turns getting up in the night to turn their wheelchair bound son over, ensuring he wouldn’t get bed sores and that he was breathing normally. They needed to watch him constantly as he was completely nonverbal and had very limited ways of telling them what he felt or needed. Ezra was only five. Penny didn't like to think about how her life would look over the next thirty odd years. They didn’t have a ton of savings put aside for Ezra or his siblings, should they meet their demise. Penny tried not to worry, but she no longer needed an alarm to wake her halfway through the night. She usually lay awake contemplating the worst scenarios that burrowed into her head when all was quiet.

It was Monday afternoon and Penny needed to grab some groceries before dropping Ezra off at physio and taking her eight year old daughter, Esther, to dance. In the mornings, Penny held a part time position as a bakery clerk at the local mall, but was off early enough to pick up her son from part time morning kindergarten. “How was school today, Ez?” she asked her son.

The boy smiled and looked at his mother, but said nothing.

“Good!” Penny smiled back, “Glad you had a nice day.” She pushed him in his chair out to the car and loaded him into the van.

“How about some apples for lunch tomorrow?” Penny asked, pushing him through the produce section. “Or maybe oranges…” She squeezed a few of the navel oranges to check ripeness and stuck a few in her basket.

She saw Mrs. Philippa Colborne, across the way and instantly felt a twinge of jealousy. Philippa only had two children, both able-bodied and perfect. She didn’t have to take a part time job to pay medical bills. She didn’t have to purchase a modified wheelchair equipped van just to cart around her son who couldn’t even say “I love you…” Philippa looked totally carefree as she picked out an armful of perfect-looking avocados, dropping one on the ground. Penny smiled and shook the jealousy from her being.

“What about cereal. What’s the one your sisters like?” Penny asked the ever-silent Ezra. She threw a box of Cap’n Crunch into the basket. “It’s probably this one. I’m sure they’ll like it even if it’s wrong…”

Penny was suddenly regretting drinking a second cup of coffee this morning. She shut her eyes for a moment and pressed her thighs together. Her pantyhose felt tighter than usual. She debated leaving Ezra while she went to the bathroom, but it was certainly not a viable option. Penny could make it until she got home. She was a grown woman, for gosh sakes. She quickly grabbed milk, cheese, chicken, and a pack of pizza pops for her teenage son, Elias. As she was grabbing the last of her groceries, she heard a faux-excited cry.

“Oh my goodness, Penny?!”

Penny turned around, realizing Philippa had spotted her. She squeezed her legs tighter, trying to think of an excuse to leave the store as quickly as possible.

“How are you? I haven’t seen you in a million years!” Philippa exclaimed.

“Things are…” Penny shifted her weight slightly, trying to ease her ballooning bladder, “Things are great!” She fake-smiled and she could feel the laugh lines in her face appear and the skin under her eyes stung from lack of sleep.

Philippa smiled, in that way that you smile at someone you feel sorry for. It looked like she was about to say in a babyish voice, “You poor, poor girl.” But instead, she asked about Ezra.

“Oh, well, we’re off to physio after this,” Penny pretended to check her watch, coyly crossing one leg over the other, “Gee, we’re gonna be late. Great to see you, Philippa!” she lied.

“Great to see you too, Penny!” Philippa called, “Ring me anytime! I’ll have Ruthie invite Edith to her birthday party!”

Penny completely ignored the tripe the other mom spouted after her. She was focused completely on not wetting herself. When she came to the checkout, there was surprisingly no line. Just one elderly woman paying for an apple.

“That’ll be fifty-five cents,” the cashier said in a lifeless monotone.

The old woman’s arthritic hands pulled out a coin purse and dumped out a pile of dimes, nickels, and pennies.

Penny pursed her lips, breathing deeply through her nose in frustration. Didn’t this biddie realize Penny had places to go? Like the bloody bathroom?! Penny jiggled her legs, trying to keep from leaking. If this woman would only hurry up… she could stop at home and go before driving Ezra to physio. Penny looked at her watch again. Time was running out; she wouldn’t be able to stop at home before driving across town for Ezra’s appointment. She would make it. She would have to. The old woman in front had finally finished paying and Penny was silently praying that she would beat the afternoon traffic.

“Fifty-three eighty four,” the cashier mumbled.

Penny felt a pang of desperation and crossed one leg over the other. She handed him her credit card, slowly regaining control. She signed the credit slip and quickly headed off to the parking lot.

“Oh Ez… Mommy might not make it,” she whispered to her son as she loaded his wheelchair back into the van. When he was secure, she quickly let herself into the front, holding herself as she started the car. Penny winced and began breathing rapidly. “Come on!” she said to herself. She pressed her thighs together, holding herself with her right hand. Thankfully, the highways were completely clear. It was nearing three o’clock though, which meant Penny needed to find a bathroom before traffic started to get bad. Penny looked around for a gas station, but there was nowhere convenient to pull over on the stretch before Ezra’s physio.

She held tighter, fingering her urethra. Penny tried to focus on breathing, but nothing helped. Her bladder was hitting its critical point. She knew if she didn’t find a bathroom in the next few minutes, she would have to explain to Jack why the driver’s seat of their new van smelled like a public bathroom. Penny’s legs were trembling, but they were nearly at the clinic. She could make it! Couldn’t she? Penny held tighter, but she wasn’t able to hold back any longer. She leaked about an ounce of urine, soaking the gusset of her black lace panties. Penny groaned. It felt so good to let go for just a moment - and it may have been just enough to keep holding on. She exited the highway and pulled into a small business park where Ezra’s physio was.

Penny unlocked the door of the van, adjusting herself. She could feel the wetness between her legs, checking that her skirt wasn’t soaked through. Penny couldn’t deal with potential judgement from doctors and therapists who saw her on a biweekly basis. There was no sign of damp spots on her skirt, but her opaque, cream-coloured pantyhose felt stuck to her legs. She looked down at them as she got out of the van, but thankfully they weren’t obviously wet. As Penny walked around to unload Ezra and his chair, she realized that gravity wasn’t a kind mistress when your bladder is near bursting. She looked around to make sure nobody else was in the parking lot as she potty danced, waiting for the wheelchair lift to bring Ezra down to ground level. It seemed to take forever. Penny shoved her hand in her crotch, feeling another trickle escape. She shouldn’t have given way to that spurt earlier - she had broken whatever seal had been there before to keep back the desperate oceans inside.

Her knees shook as she jammed them together, pushing Ezra to the office with great difficulty. Once inside, a friendly receptionist that Penny knew as Melody greeted them. “Hi Penny! Hi Ezra!” she cheerfully said. Her sugary coating was genuine and Penny envied the receptionist’s ability to be kind unconditionally. Melody was always talking about the volunteer organizations she was part of and about what her lovely twin boys with Down Syndrome were up to and about how many people with disabilities had joined her evangelical church ever since the twins became preachers.

“Hi Melody. I’m here to drop Ezra off…” she paused for a moment, considering whether it was too awkward to ask, but then discredited her first thought as she was about to completely lose it. “Would I be able to use your bathroom?”

Melody smiled, “Oh I’m so sorry, it’s actually being renovated right now.”

Penny gasped and tried to hide the eraged and horrified look on her face. “Oh,” she collected herself, “I guess I’ll just go when I get home…”

“Sorry about that,” Melody said, “There is one at the coffee shop next door but I think they close at two…” Melody worriedly bit her lip. It suddenly became obvious to Penny that Melody was getting as desperate as she.

“Well, I’ve gotta jet. Need to drive Esther to dance class…” she kissed Ezra on the forehead. “Have fun, sweet heart. Thanks Melody!” Penny stormed out of the building and looked around the business park. She squeezed her thighs together, knowing she wouldn’t make it another minute.

It had been years since Penny had been forced to go outside. Not since her binge drinking days of early college had she peed next to a trash can like a wild animal. She hurried behind the building in the alleyway and hiked up her skirt. Her legs were tangled together in desperate attempts to stay dry. Her underwear were soaking, but she needed to preserve them… She tried to yank them down along with the cream-now tan-coloured pantyhose. Penny felt a twinge of pain in her urethra and broke the hold.

A hard pulse of urine rushed through her already damp underwear and stockings. Her legs felt as if she’d just jumped in the ocean - the pantyhose were stuck to her once muscular thighs. Penny bent her knees and squatted, closing her eyes and enjoying the moment as she emptied her once very desperate and tense bladder. It felt almost as magical as her first night with Jack, before they had kids. Penny’s hand made its way gingerly to her crotch, gently massaging herself as she continued to pee on the pavement.

Once finished, she peeled off her soaked tights and underwear, slipping them into a plastic bag she had in her purse and drove back home to pick up Esther. Penny felt incredibly relieved.

When Penny got home, she found Esther angrily waiting in the doorway, decked out in her black leotard and tutu.

“Where were you? I’m going to be late, you know?!” Esther demanded.

“I’m sorry, princess. You know I have to drop of your brother first…” Penny explained.

“Whatever. We need to go now. I don’t wanna be late,” Esther huffed.

“Honey, just give me a moment to collect myself,” Penny pleaded.

The eight-year-old rolled her eyes. “Mommy, we’re seriously going to be late and all the other girls are going to be mean to me!”

Penny felt her heart sink. She wanted more than anything for Esther to be happy, but she also wanted to grab a fresh pair of underwear before heading out to watch her daughter practice ballet before driving back to grab Ezra. “Okay, sweetpea. Let’s go.”

Esther grabbed her water bottle and backpack. “Bye Daddy!” she shouted in the direction of the kitchen. There was no reply.

“How was school today?” Penny asked her youngest daughter.

“It was good…” Esther started, squirming uncomfortably in her seat. She took another swig of water. “Me and Addie played tag with the boys at recess. I traded one of my lunchables pizzas for some fruit snacks…”

“That sounds pretty fun,” Penny replied. She looked over at her squirming kid. “Esther, do you need to go pee?”

Esther shook her head, but Penny knew better. “I think you should try and go before you start class. I know it’s hard to take everything off and put it back on again, but…”

“I don’t have to go, okay?” Esther spat, crossing her arms. “...Or, at least not very badly,” she whispered.

When they got to the dance academy, Esther looked much less uncomfortable, seeming to forget that she even needed to use the toilets. “I’m gonna go stretch with Addison and Flossie,” Esther excitedly told her mother before running off into the gym.

“Don’t forget to go-” Penny called, but it was too late. Esther was already distracted by her friends. Penny sighed. Esther was incredibly dedicated to dance. She practiced every morning and every evening. She begged her mother to take classes five days a week instead of just two, but Penny and Jack couldn’t afford it what with their other expenses and having three other children. Esther threatened to get a job at McDonalds, but when she realized they only hired thirteen and up, she gave up on that dream. Esther was also incredibly good at hiding how she felt from others if need be. Last Christmas, her dance company had put on a small production of The Nutcracker. Esther was desperate to pee the whole show, but didn’t draw any attention to herself out of respect for the audience. Of her siblings, she was most definitely the most disciplined. Penny was sure that her daughter would make it through class just fine.

Their Russian teacher, Miss Ksenia gracefully walked into the room. “Girls, girls. We start with First position…Second position… Fifth position… Arms up girls!”

Esther’s legs were wiggling, which was not usually the case.

“Esther! Legs straight!” Miss Ksenia demanded.

Esther stopped immediately.

“First position… Second position…”

Esther spread her legs apart and winced, her hands finding their way to her crotch. She looked sheepishly at her mother.

Penny shot her daughter a look of encouragement.

“Fifth position!”

Esther’s arms shot back up, her legs snapping back into a tight hold.

“Good, good, good. Today we are to practicing splits,” Miss Ksenia said.

Esther shot her mom a worried look and pressed on her privates again, crossing her right leg over her left.

Penny bit her nails nervously. She had never seen Esther this desperate before.

“Esther, you are knowing how to do split.”

The eight-year-old went pale.

“Please to demonstrate.”

Esther squeezed her legs together, “Please, I really need to go to the bathroom!”

The other girls looked at each other, mildly shocked that anyone would ask to leave class. Miss Ksenia was very strict. “She must really need to pee,” she heard someone whisper.

“First split, then go to toilet,” the teacher demanded.

“Please!” Esther begged, tears welling up in her eyes.

“If you cannot wait to going toilet, you cannot dance like ballerina,” Miss Ksenia threatened.

Esther’s legs were shaking as she spread them apart. She tugged on her leotard, pulling it tight to her crotch to help her hold on. She felt herself leak as she began to lower herself. The pee blotted her tights like a rorschach. Esther bit her lip. Her whole body was shaking. “I… I can’t…” she started to cry and tried to shift herself out of the position, but it was too late. She had tempted fate by ignoring her body. Her pee gushed out between her legs, pooling on the wooden gym floor. Esther covered her face in her hands, frozen in fear as she heard the echoing giggles of the other girls. She was suddenly gasping for air as the world went dark. She could feel urine still gushing out and splashing on the floor, covering her ballet shoes. She felt her mother’s embrace as her bladder finally emptied itself.

“It’s going to be okay, Esther,” Penny told her.

Esther couldn’t say anything; there was a lump in her throat. All she could do was cry.

“Don’t worry. Everyone has accidents,” Penny explained. “Even moms.”

*022*2017-12-16 00:32

{{16 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn poor Esther but that was a great chapter ^__^

}}

Thanks for reading!

{{14 hours ago, 126 said:

OMG! This is perfect! Thank you really much! I feel really sorry for Penny and also for little Esther. I love the way you handle the characters: everyone has its own behaviour and personality, strenght points and weakness. I love them.

I like especially the fact that everything that you write it's so true: the side-story of the disabled brother is something that make the whole story really true and realistic.

Thank you really much for considering my ideas for the following chapter :) Keep going, I love what I read!

(Sorry for my bad writing, English is not my mothertongue)

}}

Glad you enjoyed! Really appreciate your feedback and story suggestions.

More to come soon...

*024*2017-12-16 22:52

{{8 hours ago, 126 said:

Can I propose more ideas or am I becoming a little too involved? :)

If I can, I really would like to see a holding contest with Edith and her "friends", with lots of desperation and wettings.

If not, just ignore me :P

Thank you!!!

}}

I can probably make that happen! I'm open to most ideas.

$$

$$

$$

