Just Let it Out ch1

Author: SashaButters

*013*2015-01-28 11:10

Emily and Anna both woke with a start as a loud banging on Anna's door was heard.

"Arghmm." Anna moaned into her pillow as she covered her head with the blanket, stealing away Emily's half in the process.

"h-HEY, give it back." Emily complained quickly snatching back the covers to hide her soaked diaper and bare, flat chest.

"Go answer the door." Anna moaned, still half-asleep.

"No! You answer it; it's your room. Besides I'm not wearing anything... for some reason."

"Ugh, fine." Anna stretched as she climbed out of bed about to open the door before noticing she wasn't wearing anything either. Both girls faces lit up red as they looked away from each other as bits and pieces came back from the night before. "Here's a shirt." Anna said tossing it to the naked girl in her bed who was blushing underneath the blankets. She pulled out a few pieces of clothing quickly before quickly throwing them on before answering the door.

"There you are! We were looking for you every-uhh, who's in your bed?" Sasha asked pointing to the lump hiding underneath the covers. "Is that a guy? Anna, way to go!" she joked.

"Ahh, no! It's not like that. It's a girl!" Anna said blushing.

"Anna! You didn't tell me you were into girls! You know, I'm single." Sasha teased putting her arm around her co-workers neck as Anna's face grew even redder.

"Hi." Emily said shyly poking her head out of the blanket.

"Oh, Anna, you bad girl! She hasn't even been here a full day and..eww what's on your neck?" Sasha asked examining the sticky black substance that now coated her arm. "Is that chocolate syrup?" Sasha's eyes went wide as she examined Anna and noticed the side of her neck was smeared with it along with several purplish marks.

"Umm." Anna said as she placed a hand to wipe off her neck only revealing more marks in the process.

"What the" Sasha said. "You have purple marks all over your neck." Anna's eyes went wide as she saw Sasha looking from her to Emily. "Hey, what ar-" she said as Anna yanked her into her room and slammed the door. "Woah! Are you two really together, because I was just joking."

"Keep your voice down." Anna hissed as she went to the mirror to see the damage to her neck. "Oh man, my aunts going to kill me." she muttered.

"We don't know what happened." Emily said sitting up trying to save the situation. "We just woke up and everything's really fuzzy."

"You too, huh?" Sasha said. "None of us remember a thing."

"Same with us." Emily miserably lied. "The last thing I remember was going to the poke-mart with Anna because I wanted some ice cream and we got into a whipped cream and chocolate syrup fight in the parking lot."

"Uh-huh, sure." Sasha said looking skeptical. "Cause it looks like it happened in here." she said picking up an escape rope causing Emily to turn bright red. "Oh my god, that rumor that was going around about those girls that were making out, it was you guys?"

"Sasha, please." Anna pleaded as she finished wiping down her neck in the sink.

"Anna, umm, problem." Emily said with a bit of panic in her voice while squirming under the covers. Emily was glad that she was getting the signs that she needed to go again, but she knew she didn't have much time. Not to mention the diaper she was wearing was already to the point of leaking. There was no way it could hold anymore. Anna tried to nonchalantly point to her waist as if to say "Use the diaper" but Emily shook her head and mouthed, "won't hold."

Anna's eyes widened as she thought to herself, "please don't wet my bed."

"Are you okay, Emily?" Sasha asked walking towards the bed as Emily's face flushed red.

"Do you have a scarf I can borrow?" Anna asked trying to get Sasha to leave.

"Anna, I think Emily's sick, her face is all red like she has a fever and she's all sweaty." she said ignoring her comment as she stuck her palm against Emilys forehead.

"I'm fine." Emily moaned as she fought her best to hold on and tried to will Sasha to leave with her mind.

"You don't look or sound fine." Sasha said concerned, oblivious to Emily's true situation. "Here, just lay back and-"

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK

The girls turned to see Nurse Joy entering the room.

"Oh good, you're here. I think Emily's sick." Sasha said as Emily grew more and more desperate and Anna grew more and more concerned for the well being of her bedding. Nurse Joy quickly came over to see what the problem was as she took notice of the pained look on Emily's face and her constant shuffling.

"Anna, is there a reason you haven't helped Emily onto her chair? She looks quite uncomfortable." Nurse Joy said pulling back the blanket to reveal Emily's already soaked diaper while ignoring Sasha and any regards to Emily's privacy like all nurses do. "Do you need to go, dear, or did you just need a change?" She asked causing all three girls faces to grow red. "Speak up."

"Both." Emily quietly muttered now curled in a ball holding herself.

"Let's try to make it to your potty, do you think you can do that?" Nurse Joy asked making Emily moan in embarrassment. "Sasha, would you mind bringing it over here? I don't think she'll make it across the room."

"Maybe I should leave." Sasha said as she headed for the door.

"Sasha, the potty chair please." Nurse Joy said stopping her.

"I got it." Anna said motioning for Sasha to go ahead and leave.

"I do believe I said for Sasha to bring it." Sasha looked at Anna confused, but obediently pushed the chair over.

"Thank you, I had intrusted Anna to this, but I come to find her just standing around with Emily soaked and needing the potty. Clearly she doesn't care for her as much as I thought she did." Nurse Joy stated as she batted Emily's hands away and began undoing the tapes while ignoring Emily's pleas for her to stop. Emily tried to cover herself as Nurse Joy somehow picked her up and set her down on the chair. "It's okay for you to pee now, dear, no need to be shy." Nurse Joy said while lightly rubbing the girls back.

"Not in front of everyone." Emily moaned while leaning forward into a ball to cover herself.

"Well, I'm certainly happy you're gaining control. I was worried when you wet so many diapers last night." Nurse Joy said loudly.

"Please, stop it." Emily begged as her eyes filled with tears from embarrassment.

"Nurse Joy!" Anna said getting angry. "Sasha doesn't need to know all this, which is why I didn't immediately help her. You know how embarrassed Emily gets. "

"Emily, go pee." Nurse Joy said prying her from her ball while ignoring Anna as she noticed Emily white knuckling the railing in a last ditch attempt to hold on to any remaining dignity she had left. Emily tried to fight it for a few more seconds but her bladder won out in the end as it loudly emptied itself causing tears to fall from her eyes. "There, that's a good girl." Nurse Joy said patting her on the head as she waited for her to finish.

"Sasha, would you please go on the nightstand and get a pull-up for Emily and a diaper for my niece. Also please lay that mat on the bed. Thank you." she said snapping Sasha out of her quest of awkwardly counting the ceiling tiles and ignoring the puzzled look on her face.

"Emily is your niece?" Sasha asked setting everything on the bed.

"No, Anna is my niece, Emily is her girlfriend, and these two are in for a whole lot of trouble." Nurse Joy said picking Emily up as if she weighed nothing while laying her out on the mat.

"Did you honestly think I was stupid, Emily? An Orran berry for the smell, really?" Nurse Joy asked as she cleaned her with a wet wipe before powdering her and sliding a pull up on her waist. "Since you won't be starting until you've been fully toilet trained again, I won't do to you what I'm going to do to Anna. Instead, to help you make it on time, you'll be cleaning every toilet in the Pokemon Center. I even brought you some comfy pants to work in." she said holding up an extra pair of "The Pants of Shame."

"Sasha, would you mind taking Emily to the supply closet and showing her where to start. I need some time alone with my niece."

"Sure," Sasha said as she lead Emily out once she was dressed before stopping and turning to Anna. "This came for you by the way." she said handing Anna an envelope.

"Thanks," Anna said as she ripped it in half without opening it and threw it in the trashcan.

"Uh, all righty then." Sasha said as she led Emily down the hallway. "So everyone's in a bit of a panic today. Nobody remembers how they ended up here."

"Yeah, that's kind of my fault." Emily admitted "I kind of gave everyone instructions to make a memory loss potion out of berries to get Anna out of her punishment."

"Oh," was all Sasha said as they went to the elevator. "So are you, um, okay? That was kind of, weird back there."

"Pretend that never happened, okay? Better yet I know this great berry recipe-"

"It never happened, it never happened!" Sasha quickly said not wanting another lapse of memory loss. "So you and Anna?" she couldn't help but ask.

"Yep." Emily said. "Can you also keep that a secret? With her dad being, you know."

"Sure. So, how'd you guys meet?" she asked as she led Emily to a closet and pulled out a cleaning cart and began loading supplies on it.

"She found me in the forest three months ago. She knocked me unconscious and took me home with her. Woke up in the hospital here the next day." Emily said half joking.

"How romantic." Sasha said sarcastically. "So here's the bathrooms. Have fun I guess, sorry you got caught."

"Me too." Emily said as she took the cart and walked in the first of four bathrooms with 15 stalls each. "Let's see four times 15 is 60. Unless I have to clean both male and female. Ugh that's 120 toilets!"

"Welcome to your first year!" Sasha yelled back.

Three hours later Emily emerged from the first floors bathrooms covered in sweat and she didn't want to know what else. Emily abandoned the cart for a bit a decided to head over to the vending machines. She plopped down on the couch with a bottle of water and tried to catch her breath.

"How's it going?" Anna asked sitting next to her in matching sweat pants.

"Gross." Emily said. "What happened to you?" she said as she saw Anna wincing.

"My butt hurts. My aunts stronger than she looks."

"I'm not even going to ask." Emily said as she guzzled down the rest of her water.

"Chansey Chansey Chansey." A large pink pokemon carrying an egg came bouncing out from the back humming its name.

"Emily, run" Anna said getting to her feet and taking off to the other side of the lobby.

"Huh? Anna, what?" but before she could get an answer she felt something tug her pants down a bit. "Hey, what are you doing?" Emily said trying to pull her pants back up to hide her wet pull up which she had previously thought was from sweat. "Put me down!" Emily yelled as the Chansey carried her over its head to the back room where several people started laughing watching Emily getting carted off.

"I warned you!" Anna yelled back to her.

"Hey, what are you doing? Stop trying to take my pants off! No leave that alone! I DO NOT CONSENT!!"

"Chansey Chansey Chansey." it happily hummed as it carried the now clean and changed Emily over its head and dropped her back on the couch before hopping away.

"A little warning next time would be great." Emily said glaring at Anna who was hiding behind a vending machine laughing.

"It's the pants. Chansey will check anyone wearing them for accidents. They're not a punishment; they're to let Chansey know to keep an eye on you. I just wish the check was also done in private. It's worse when you don't know she's there she'll randomly stick her cold arm down your pants. "

"I thought your aunt had cold hands. Where does Chansey go when its not assaulting people, the freezer?"

"I've been its victim before too. I know. It's lunch time so we get an hour break. Want to meet at our usual spot? I've got something I need to do, but I'll meet you there."

"Sure, I'll meet you there. I bet if you hurry you can still catch up with Chansey if you need a change." Emily teased before walking out the front door and stretching a bit before walking down the road.

"Emily Ketchum?" she heard.

"Yeah?" she asked as she turned to see two men in black suits.

"You're coming with us." they said before she felt something hard collide with the back of her head before losing consciousness.

*014*2015-02-06 01:32

The 21 year old brunette sighed in frustration. She had been everywhere looking for her girlfriend. The two had agreed to meet at the local fast food joint a block away from the Pokemon center, but after waiting 20 minutes,the younger black haired girl was no where to be seen. She had given up waiting and decided to search after getting no response from her many texts and calls, figuring Emily had left her cellphone back in their room. Anna wasn't too worried at the time though; Emily couldn't find her way out of a Poke-mart let alone a shopping district. Anna simply chalked it up to the younger girls poor sense of direction and had begun searching for her, but after an hour and still no trace of her, Anna was starting to worry. Emily wasn't outside anywhere, or in the poke-mart, and no one had seen her at the Pokemon center either. In a last ditch attempt Anna decided to go check her room, but was once again let down when she opened the door only to find Nurse Joy inside.

"Anna, do you know where Emily is?" Nurse Joy asked holding the letter Anna had ripped earlier that morning.

"No, I've been looking everywhere for her. We were supposed to meet for lunch, but she never showed." Anna said wondering why her aunt had been in her room. Nurse Joy bit her lip anxiously.

"Have you tried calling her cell?"

"Only like 10 times." Anna said plopping down on her bed, and running her hands over her uncomfortably full bladder as she crossed her legs. Man, why couldn't my aunt just make me clean the bathrooms like Emily, Anna thought to herself as she could feel herself growing more and more desperate. "I hate this punishment." Anna accidentally moaned out loud as she bent forward in an attempt to get a better hold.

"I know, that's why you are in it."

"Who puts an adult in a diaper as a punishment, seriously?" Anna said as she felt herself leak a little, causing her to jump up and start pacing.

"I've tried making you clean, do laundry, clean out the cages, shovel snow, and even spank you. Nothing gets the message across quite like this." Nurse Joy explained, shaking her head at her nieces futile attempts at holding it.

"I thought you said I was doing better." Anna said, still mad about her situation.

"You've been doing much better. You hardly pick fights anymore, rarely talk back, and actually get your share of the work done."

"Then why? This is cruel."

"Number one: You broke the most important rule; We don't use our Pokemon to hurt people. Secondly: I did it for Emily. I was hoping it would help her with her own situation so she wouldn't feel so embarrassed."

"Yeah, because I'm sure your little stunt this morning made her feel so secure." Anna said sarcastically while rolling her eyes. "We couldn't get Sasha to leave."

"Sasha was doing what I told her too. That was Emily's version of what I'm doing to you." Nurse Joy said as she continued to watch Anna struggle. "You're going to make yourself sick. Stop trying to hold it and just go. Once you do I'll change you into regular clothes and your punishments over. Somethings come up."

Anna stopped pacing as soon as she heard it would be over and took a few deep breathes. As soon as she'd let a little bit out; her body clenched shut automatically. "It's harder than it sounds." Anna admitted turning a bit red after several failed attempts. Nurse Joy nodded and motioned for her to lay down on the bed.

"I'm not letting you out of this, but I also don't want you getting an infection. I'll do what I did for Emily. Just close your eyes and relax." Nurse Joy said as she began rubbing Anna's tummy. "Stop fidgeting and just let it come out. See you're clenching. The sooner you do this, the sooner we can look for Emily. I'm worried."

"She's probably just lost somewhere, or she probably just needed to get away for a little bit after this morning." Anna mumbled starting the enjoy the massage.

"You're not supposed to be enjoying this you know." Nurse Joy teased. "What did the letter say?"

"I don't know; I didn't open it." Anna said as she consciously held on; more so now because she didn't want her aunt to stop. "I don't open anything from my dad anymore. Hey! No! Stop!" Anna begged as her aunt began pushing on her bladder until she could no longer hold on. Nurse Joy simply smiled, as she knew by the blush on Anna's face she had lost the battle.

"You're mean." Anna pouted looking away as her face shone bright red as she gave up trying to re-gain control and allowed herself to pee . She accidentally let out a soft moan as it felt so good to finally just let go.

"See, that wasn't so bad." Nurse Joy said as she reached out and slid Anna's pants off while ignoring the girls protests.

"Stop, just wait a minute." Anna said in a bit of a panic.

"Why?"

"Not done." Anna mumbled barely above a whisper while looking away; trying to will her body to finish peeing. Nurse Joy merely nodded her head and waited for Anna to give her the signal to continue.

"Do you mind if I read this?" Nurse Joy asked holding up the pieces of the ripped letter, once Anna was cleaned and placed into her normal clothes. Anna merely shrugged and tried to pretend the last five minutes never happened as she anxiously began biting her finger nails. "Pack your bags." Nurse Joy said urgently, holding up the pieces of the letter up so Anna could read it. "We're going to Saffron City." Anna's face paled as she read the letter that simply stated.

Silph Co. 1pm tomorrow. I have the girl. It would be a shame if something happened to her.

###

The first thing Emily became aware of was the pounding ache in the back of her head. "Ugh." she weakly moaned as she slowly opened her eyes to the harsh florescent lighting. Her eyes burned as she slowly began to open them as she looked straight ahead at the cement wall. She could feel the hard concrete floor under her as she slowly tried to move to a sitting position. Emily then became aware of a high pitched whine and felt something licking her hand. "Namine." Emily said, happy to see a familiar face. "Where are we?" she asked herself as she scanned her surroundings.

She saw a stair case leading up and tried to walk towards it, but was immediately pulled back. Emily looked down and noticed one of her legs was shackled to the wall. Fear began building inside the girl as she pulled with all her might against the chain that bound her to the wall. After about 20 minutes of accomplishing nothing but tiring herself out, Emily sat against the concrete wall and tried to think. The last thing Emily could remember was cleaning back at the pokemon center. Suddenly, the back of the Eevees fur began sticking up as she growled in the direction of the stairs.

"What is it, Namine?" Emily asked until she heard the sound of foot steps coming down the stairs. Emily fought back the fear as best as she could as three men entered the room. Two men dressed in black jumpsuits surrounded their leader, who wore a blue business suit.

"That her?" The man in the middle asked, his voice full of disgust.

"Yes, sir." One of the rocket grunts answered.

"What do you want with me?" Emily asked after a moment of silence.

"How dare you speak without being spoken to, bitch." The man said, striking Emily in the face, sending the trembling girl falling to the ground. "Who the hell do you think you are? Doing that to my daughter?" He shouted, grabbing her by the collar. "Answer me!"

"I-I'm Anna's g-g-girlfriend." Emily stuttered out, earning her another blow to the face. Emily cried out in pain as blood began dripping down her face from her busted lip and nose.

"What do you see in that whore, anyway?" He said, dropping the girl to the floor.

"I love her." Emily said between gasps for air.

"Well, she doesn't love you! She's only using you to get to me. Or did she not tell you she's engaged?"

"Even if she is, I doubt it's her choice." Emily said between spits of blood.

"What can you possibly provide her? A future? Money?" Anna's father said.

"Anna doesn't care about those things." Emily said as she slowly tried to sit up and glare back at the man.

"What about you? What would it take to stay away from her?" He asked as he pulled something out of his coat pocket. "One of these?" He said holding up a similar black card which she had seen Anna previously use. "You know the two of you don't have a future together. Do yourself a favor, take it and go back home to your mom. I'm sure she's lonely all by herself. What with her husband deserting his family and all."

"How do you know all this?" Emily asked trying to contain the rage that was boiling within her.

"I'll let you in on a little secret." He said. "I knew your father. Went by the name Tom Sergent."

"I don't care about him." Emily said looking past the man at the two grunts. Emily took notice of the one on the right who seemed to be trying to hide his face under his hat and looked instead at Namine.

"Shoo." He muttered as Namine rubbed up against his leg affectionately. Well this is just great, Emily thought. My only hope of protections got stock-helm syndrome.

"What do you say?" Anna's father asked. "I give you this and let you go. In re-turn you head home and never contact my daughter again."

"I say, go fuck yourself." Emily said. Her response earned her several kicks to the stomach and chest, which left her curled in a ball gasping for air while nursing a broken rib.

"I'll give you some time to think it over." He said as he turned to walk away before adding. "Oh dear, she seems to have sprung a leak." Pointing to the growing puddle under the whimpering girl. Him and his men then climbed the stairs leaving the girl chained to the wall.

Emily didn't know how long she laid alone on the damp floor trying her best not to move. The hard ground beneath her sending constant reminders of the pain in her ribs and chest. Each breath felt like a knife continuously stabbing her over and over. "Don't worry." Emily heard in her semi-conscious state. "I'm going to get you out of here." The team rocket grunt whispered into her ear. Emily slowly opened her eyes and gasped when she saw the mans face. "Shh." the man whispered as he began petting Namine's head as the eevee affectionately rubbed up against his leg.

"Ash?!"

*018*2015-02-16 04:19

Thank you guys I really appreciate it. I'm glad that there are people that enjoy it. I wanted to write a story about Pokemon that wasn't actually about pokemon battles. I do have an ideas for some though! *spoiler alert* The idea of this story was that Emily is afraid of getting her pokemon hurt , but will eventually come to trust in them through this ordeal. I have never actually read Alexxxs story because I don't want to accidentally copy them/get depressed because theirs is amazing and mine sucks lol, but with that many views it must be amazing! Also I do have a companion story line to this called Emily's Diary that is in the other section that is about her fear of rattata. I'll move it over here.

*019*2015-02-16 09:15

Chapter 14

Emily's eyes grew wide as she took in her older brother dressed as a team rocket grunt. She wasn't sure if she should kiss him or kill him. What was he doing working for team rocket? What happened to the good boy Ash Ketchum everybody loved? And when did he finally go through puberty? Emily didn't recognize him at first with his 5 o-clock shadow and deep voice-well, deepER voice. His once wild black hair now trimmed neatly down into an army buzz-cut that had grown a couple inches and he had clearly grown about a foot (finally) since she had last seen him about two years previously. The only thing that seemed the same was his eyes.

"Wha-" Emily started but was immediately shushed.

"I go by Jakob here. I can't tell you all the details, but it's not what it looks like. Look first of all you should know, Dad didn't abandon us. He saved us. He was a detective tracking some black market Pokemon sales and inhumane breeding. Team Rocket was mass breeding in order to produce shiny's. After every failed attempt; they'd kill the babies. Namine was actually one of the failed attempts that dad rescued. He asked me to give her to you as a present."

"Why did he leave? You've been in contact with him and never told me?" Emily hissed in anger.

Ash sighed and nodded. "Until three years ago, yeah. I'm sorry I couldn't tell you, he specifically told me not too because of the high level case he was working on. Some really powerful people were threatening us when they found out dad was onto them. That's why he up and changed his identity. Mom knew, he promised to come back once his case had finished. No one's heard from him in the last two years. I was asked to look into his where about from the agency we worked for and I traced his last known residence to here."

"What happened to him?" Emily asked. Her head was spinning with all this new information. Emily had always believed her father had up and left her and she hated him for it. To find out now after all this time that he didn't?

"No one knows. That's why I'm here." He said as lifted up his sisters shirt a bit to inspect the damage left by his "boss". He cringed when he saw the purplish color that spread over her entire side as he could see a piece of broken rib poking up underneath her skin. "We need to get you to a hospital as soon as possible. I don't have any Pokemon on me that can heal you."

"Pokemon can't heal humans, everyone knows that." Emily said rolling her eyes, since it was the only thing she COULD move. "Humans cell structures are completely different than a pokemons. Why do you think they couldn't heal me right away when I got bit by the raticates? That's why it's illegal to use Pokemon on humans unless it's proven to be safe. Some moves can really hurt humans."

"Oh, that's right." Ash said. "You might want to put Namine back in her Pokeball though. They've been researching a new stone that they've been testing on eevees especially, since they can evolve into so many different things. So far it's killed every pokemon it's come into contact with."

"That's right, Jacob, or should I say, Ash." A voice said behind the two belonging to Anna's father. " I think this eevee would make a wonderful test subject, wouldn't you agree?" He said bending down to pick up Namine resulting in him getting his hand bitten. He pulled back his leg and kicked at it which sent the poor pokemon flying. "I think i'll have our scientist bring our latest product down here. I heard he might have figured it out this time, but I doubt it. He says that every time and yet I always seem to have a new pile of corpses to burn. You seem rather attached to the thing, so how about I let you watch and see what happens."

"Don't you dare hurt Namine!" Emily yelled sending a new wave of pain from the effort as she watched her eevee struggle to stand.

"No? Well how about I break each one of your fingers one at a time until you agree. After you watch your eevee die, I'll do the same thing to each of your toes until you agree to leave Anna. Sure, I could just threaten to kill your eevee if you don't leave Anna alone, but that would be too easy. I don't like you, Emily Ketchum, and I want to watch you suffer. What better way than having your best friend die right in front of you. " He said as he knelt down in front of Emily.

"Don't you fucking touch my sister." Ash growled. Emily watched quietly shaking. She had never seen Ash look so pissed. He reached under his coat and produced all 6 Pokeballs.

"What are you going to do?" Mr. Silph laughed as he touched a few buttons on computer like device on his arm. "Kill me like I killed your father?" Ash charged forward, but slammed head first into an invisible barricade. Ash pounded his fists against it, but it was all just a wasted effort. He released only his pikachu because it was the only one small enough to fit in the tight space. Emily watched as it zapped the wall repeatedly, but to no effect. "Now, where were we." Mr. Silph said as he bent down and picked up Emily's hand.

"Ah, yes. Now I remember." CRACK.

Emily screamed in pain as she felt her pointer finger bend back and snap. Followed by her ring and middle finger.

"Anna, remember that rule I told you about not using your pokemon on people." A females voice said from across the room. "Forget I said it." Emily heard before she lost consciousness from the pain.

Mr. Silph turned around. "Oh, Anna." he said. " You're a day early. And nurse Joy, how good to see you again." He said standing up.

"What have you done to that poor girl?" Nurse Joy asked looking over in shock and disgust at the passed out girl on the basement floor.

Mr. Silph shrugged. "I tried asking her nicely and I even tried bribery, but she just couldn't be reasoned with."

"Emily!" Anna shouted while pushing past her father and holding the unconscious girl in her arms. " Emily! Emily! Wake up." she cried before turning her attention to him. "What did you do!?" she said as her eyes filled with hatred and rage. "First you take away my mother and my sister, and now you're trying to kill my girlfriend." she shouted.

"What? So you actually like this girl?" he said ignoring her remarks about killing her family.

"Ah, good you're here." Mr. Silph said ignoring his daughter as several men came down the stairs. "Please contain our guests." he told the group of grunts. "Samuel, I have the perfect test subject since you're positive the new stone will work. Once the girl on the ground wakes up I'd like you to use it on that eevee. And make sure she watches." The eevee growled in protest as it stood guard in front of Emily as it went back and forth from guarding her to licking her face while whimpering.

Anna and Nurse Joy both released their pokeballs as Anna's Arcanine and Nurse Joys Blissey entered the room. The Rocket Grunts both released theirs and the battle over Emily ensued.

*Cue Pokemon Battle Music*

*023*2015-03-04 05:00

Chapter 15!

Robert Silph leaned against the basement wall with a smirk written across his face. He watched on feigning boredom as his grunts produced their pokemon and began their battle against his daughter and sister-in-law. He had no doubt that his grunts would win. After all Anna had never had much of a nach for pokemon battles and Joy spent nearly every waking moment caring for those snot nosed brats' pokemon. He was a little surprised when his daughter presented an Arcanine. When had she had the time to train that Growlithe he had given her as a small child before he had bought out Team Rocket from that worthless bastard, Giovani? Clearly Joy was not working her hard enough. What did he care though, she was supposed to die along with that wench years ago. She was going to leave him after all. Take the kids and leave. He had no choice. Nobody humiliates the head Silph co. What would the public thought of him after that?

Meanwhile a few feet away, Anna seized up her opponent from across the room. She should have no problem taking out the grunts Arbok. After all, her Arcanine was a level 36 and her opponents were mediocre at best. Team Rocket issued pokemon no doubt. No training or bonding, just tools for them to take out anything or anyone who got in their way. The Arbok slithered across the ground as it looked from her to her Arcanine letting out the occasional hiss as it raised itself off the ground to appear larger and more intimidating. Venom dripped from its fangs as it opened its large mouth in an attempt to land the first blow.

"Arcanine, dodge to the right and use body slam!" Anna yelled to the 6 foot dog beast as it leapt to the side effortlessly and charged; slammed all 350lbs of itself into the purple cobra. Team Rocket grunt groaned in disgust as it recalled its knocked out pokemon as he muttered about how weak it was. Anna clenched her fists in anger as she heard his comment as she used her other hand to reach up and give her Arcanine a congratulatory pat on his head.

"Good boy." She praised as she prepared for the second round. Anna saw the second grunt smile as he pulled out a pokeball of his own. He threw it and what first appeared to be a large chunk of rock suddenly opened its eyes. Crap, Anna thought. They're not as stupid as they look. Anna knew ground type moves were going to be twice as effective against her. Her fire type pokemon wasn't going to do shit against that Graveler and she knew it. What she needed was a water or fighting type pokemon, but she didn't have any. When it came to Emily's safety she hadn't been planning on having a friendly match and went ahead and sent out her strongest pokemon first.

She tried to plan for a second but the rocket grunt had already attacked. The Graveler began hurling large boulders at her Arcanine as she was put on the defensive.

"Dodge left! Now right!" She thought her Arcanine could easily out maneuver the rocks but one caught her by surprise as it hit her partner square in the head causing it to stumble backwards as it let out a terrifyingly loud roar of pain.

"No way!" she muttered in surprise as her Arcanine's health bar dropped. It wasn't even a ground move, but it landed a critical hit leaving her partners health bar half way down. Just how strong was this? All her Arcanine knew were physical and fire type attacks and they weren't going to do much good. Her best bet was probably to attack from a distance. "Fire Spin!" Anna called out as her Arcanine sucked in deeply and expelled flames from it's mouth hitting the Graveler in the face. She knew it was only going to cause half damage but she hadn't expected the graveler to not even flinch.

Anna only had two other pokemon with her and she knew they wouldn't do much good. Seeing as how they were a Piggeotto and a Rattata, they weren't going to help much. She decided to keep her Arcanine out and fighting; there was no point in getting her other pokemon hurt. She knew her Arcanine was tough and she trusted him to be able to handle the situation.

"End it quickly!" The Silph co president said. "The girls waking up and there's an experiment to run."

The grunt nodded and yelled. "Roll out!" Arcanine tried his best to dodge, but in the end, it was to much for him and Anna was forced to call him back. She watched Emily slowly sit up and lean her back against the wall. She was clearly in pain as she grabbed her side and took shallow breaths. Namine barked and whimpered at Emily's side as it paced worriedly back and forth.

###

When Emily awoke she was vaguely aware of a battle going on. Her vision was blurred from the pain and when the dirt from the bare floor mixed with her tears, mud coated her face. She needed to help Anna, but she could barely sit up. What could she do anyway? She had never really battled other people before. She had battled lots of wild pokemon sure, but when it came to fighting owned pokemon she just couldn't do it. Those pokemon were peoples partners and friends. How could she purposefully hurt them? Not to mention she was resentful to anyone who tried to hurt her own friends.

She suddenly felt a pair of hands grab the back of her shirt and force her up to her knees before roughly forcing her head down.

"Do it now." the Silph co president shouted as he forced the girl to watch the gloved scientist approach. Samuel pulled the box that contained the chemically modified stone from his lab coat and very gently took it out. He then grabbed the Namine by the back of the neck and lightly touched her fur with it. Emily held her breath as she saw her best friend began transitioning from brown to a glaringly bright white. Brown to white. Brown to white. Namine then let out a weak yelp as she collapsed to the ground unmoving.

"Namine!" Emily cried as she painstakingly crawled and forced herself over to her best friends lifeless body. "Namine! Namine!" she cried out as she tried to wake her Eevee to no avail.

"Oops, guess that one didn't work either." Mr. Silph said mockingly as he watched Nurse Joys Blissey attempting to revive her.

"Namine." Emily continued to cry as she pounded her fist to the ground splitting the mutated rock in the process. Her hand unconsciously gripped half the rock as the other half had flown onto Namine's back. Each piece began to glow but no one seemed to notice, not until Eevees body suddenly vanished completely.

"Do not cry, master." Emily heard inside her head. Emily looked around surprised wondering if anyone else heard it.

"Where'd the body go?"Samuel asked as he looked around the room. Emily searched as well but her many tears made things difficult to see.

"Master, look at your hand." Emily heard inside her head once again. She quietly obeyed the voice and let out a small gasp. The piece of broken rock had some how managed to absorb into her skin and could be seen through the palm of her hand as if her palm had been bruised.

"Who are you?" Emily asked out loud as Samuel looked at her strangely.

"Master, it's me. Namine. Just think, I can hear you." She's okay! Emily breathed a sigh of relief. Namine's okay.

"Where are you?" Emily thought as she looked around.

"I think, I think I'm inside of you."

"What? How is this possible?"

"I-I don't know, but I feel...powerful. I think the stone worked. I think I may have evolved."

"Into what exactly!? I've never heard of a pokemon transfusing with a trainer. Argh!!" Emily and Eevee both moaned as Emily tried to get up, but fell back to the ground. The rest of the group was arguing amongst themselves. Nurse Joy was practically holding Anna back from physically attacking her father right then and there who was shouting back at her. Ash kept trying to escape from his invisible prison and watched helplessly.

"Master. I think I have an idea. What would happen if you sprayed a potion on yourself?" Namine asked.

"Nothing. It wouldn't affect me since i'm not a pokemon. Our DNA is different."

"But what if I really am inside you? Since that stone is inside you, what if it is altering your DNA?"

"I guess I could try, I can't help them if I'm like this." Emily thought as she dug through her bag and pulled out a hyper potion.

"No. Not that one, just use a regular potion and test it on the scrape on your palm." Emily nodded and dug back into her bag replacing the spray bottles. She squirted it on her hand and waited.

"See, nothing." Emily said before she felt her palm began to feel a warm tingling sensation as the skin stretched and regrew before her eyes. "Woah!" Both thought together.

"Get Blissy's attention, but no one else." Namine thought. Emily managed the wave down the pink and white evolved form of Chansey. It happily hopped over eager to be of some assistance. Nurse Joy was to preoccupied keeping Anna from committing third degree murder to pay any notice of her Pokemons disappearance.

"What can I do for you?" Blissey asked as Emily nearly fell over in shock.

"You can talk?" Emily nearly shouted as Blissey had a similar reaction to Emily.

"Calm down both of you." Namine said but only Emily heard her. "Emily, try doing what Captain Waddlesworth did. Touch Blissey, maybe I can talk to her that way." The stunned girl did as she was asked and she placed her hand on the fairy type pokemon ignoring her look of confusion she was getting from her. "Blissey? Can you hear me?" Namine asked as Blissey's eyes grew wide in surprise.

"What? How can I- Eevee? Why can I hear your master speaking to me? Where are you?"

"I'm not entirely sure either, but I think, somehow, I'm inside her. Can you see what would happen if you used a healing move on her?" Blissey nodded as the tip of her arms grew brightly as Emily's body tingled all over.

"Ahh!!" Both Emily and Eevee screamed as they felt Emily's bones popping back into place as the chips and cracks began to fill in. Finally Emily felt the sensation of her skin re-stretching and healing as she panted and gasped for air at the strange new sensations. After a few minutes everything stopped.

"Well, how do you feel?" Blissey asked.

"I-I feel better than I've ever felt!" Emily said in astonishment as she was now able to move pain free.

"Great! I've never healed a human before!" Blissey said excitedly just glad to be of service. "You had seven broken ribs, one broken wrist, and a severely weakened bladder muscle. If you're as good as you say you are, everything should be fixed."

"You, you mean you fixed my bladder?" Emily thought excitedly as thoughts of never having to wear a diaper again danced through her mind.

Eevee sighed. "Someone is trying to kill us and all you can think about is diapers?" Emily immediately came down from her high as she remembered the situation.

"How do we get out of here?" Emily asked. "Namine? Namine?"

"Grr." She heard as the light brown eevee suddenly sat next to her in her original form as it raised its back paw and began scratching the back of her neck. A dark black rock fell out from her fur as the eevee barked at her. Emily picked it up from the ground and put it in her pocket. What just happened? Emily thought to herself.

"Namine?" she asked in her head but heard nothing in response. "Namine." she said out loud this time as the Eevee turned to face her.

"Can you still hear me?" Namine asked as Emily smiled and nodded.

"I think that may have been a mega evolution." Emily said." Maybe I can still hear you because the stone was absorbed into me somehow. I read that Mega Evolution only lasts for a short amount of time and then the pokemon it affects goes back to the way it was. Maybe you transformed into a ghost type and possessed me?"

"We'll play with it later. Right now we have company." Namine said as her fur became prickly and she growled at the grunts. "Master, you need to get him out of there. His team is strong and he can easily defeat them. Something on their bosses arm can free him. Do not worry about me." Namine said as she lunged for the grunts leg and sank her teeth into his flesh."

Emily nodded and darted through the gap between them surprising the other grunt.

"Wait, wasn't she injured?" She heard one of them ask. Emily, channeling all of her courage, slammed herself into Anna's father with everything she had knocking him down in the process. Anna and nurse Joy stood there dumbfounded before Anna joined her.

"We need to free my brother!" Emily said as she began pushing random buttons on the Silph presidents arm band.

"He's your brother?!" Anna nearly shouted as she helped hold down her struggling father. "Here." she said as she pushed the correct buttons freeing Ash from his invisible prison.

"I'll explain everything later." Emily said as she saw the surprised look on Anna's face at the disappearance of her injuries. "Right now we've got to get out of here."
