Bad kitty

Author: lightman

*000*2018-06-01 04:25

(anouther by pink)

I love my cute little kitty.

But she can be very bratty at times.

“I WANT CHANGES RIGHT NOW!” she demanded with a huff.

I turn to see her and I can't help but aww on the inside. Her cute red paw shirt and large fluffy diaper just made her so adorable!

“Is my kitty all stinky?” I ask knowing the answer.

“YES! NOW CHANGE ME!” she demanded and huffed some more.

“Hey now, good kitties don't make demands,” I tell her.

“I DONT CARE! CHANGE ME!” she demanded again and started stomping her foot.

I walked over to her and decide to check how bad her diaper was.

“This diaper is barely used. I think you can-”I start to tell her before she cuts me off.

“NO! CHANGE! ME! NOW!” she demanded again and was stomping her foot even more.

Now I was starting to get fed up. If she was going to be demanding a change so much, I'll give her one.

Grabbing her hand I pull her into the bathroom where I start running a bath.

“W-wait, n-no! I don't like water!” she yelled as I pull her to a changing mat on the ground.

“You want a change, so I'm going to make you extra clean,” I tell her as I lay her down and remove the diaper. “And that means a bath.”

“NOOO!” she whines as she starts kicking her legs in frustration.

I have to hold them down but I get her cleaned up just as the tub is filled.

Striping her of her shirt I pick her up and get ready to put her into the tube but find it hard as she starts kicking and whining about not wanting to go into the water and making it hard to put her in.

So I do the one thing I know will calm her down for a moment. I give her a kiss on the nose.

At that moment she stops fighting out of embarrassment I dunk her into the water.

“NO FAIR!” she yells out.

Now that she’s in the tub, I thoroughly clean every inch of her. All the while she is meowing in protest as I splash her with water.

Once I'm satisfied with her being clean I drain the water and wrap my little kitty in a fluffy towel and start drying her off.

Taking her by the hand, I lead her to the couch where I set a new diaper and shirt down.

“Ok, you ready for your change?” I ask.

She nods but is surprised when I pull her over my lap.

“W-what are you-” she starts.

SMACK!

“NYAN!” she cries out.

“You've been a bad kitty. Always demanding.” I tell her. *SMACK! I hear her nyan again. “And bad kitties need a spanking to make them good.”

SMACK!

“NYAN! I-i sowry!” she whines as tears come out.

Her bottom was red and she was in tears so I decided to leave it here and finally put her diaper and shirt on her.

My little kitty is sniffing and rubbing her bottom as I pull her onto my lap for a hug.

“Will you be a good kitty now?” I ask her.

“N-nyan” she meowed as a yes as I kiss her and rub her head.

It isn't long before she’s calmed down and purring as I give her attention.

I love my cute little kitty.

___

This short piece is for theowlcan and his caption contest for DeviantArt.

Art belongs to theowlcan but the story is from me.

Before anyone says anything, I know this is Nia from Xenoblade Chronicles. but I know next to nothing about her character so for the sake of the story, she's just a generic cat girl.

Hope you all like and I hope this gets me into the top 5! ^.^

Also, please check out theowlcan and his original art.

$$

