The Wet School Day of Holly

Author: gfbiy7352

*000*2019-09-07 07:41

17 year old Holly is tiny, she is only 5" 6" tall with a large butt thighs, and waist. This makes for a very tiny bladder. On this school day she chose a tight lavender t-shirt and blue spandex pants. A problem was that her three brothers and four sisters younger than her occupied the bathrooms and each time she ran towards it a sibling got in and closed the door. She did pace the hall a little but in general she didn't have to go that bad.

By the time that she drove to school her need became desperate. She locked the car up while bouncing foot to foot. When she got to each of the school's two girl's bathrooms, she grunted due to huge lines because she had thousands of girls at her school. Holly thought she could still hold it for two periods before things really got bad.

Holly sat in her 1st period geography class swinging her legs side to side with a hand squeezing her womanhood. She begged the teacher to get to go to the bathroom but Holly was refused. Her flats tapped the classroom floor occasionally as she watched the clock hoping for no girls bathroom line inbetween periods.

No luck however as there were still an average of 36 girls ahead of her in each line. She got in the line closest to her next class, it moved fast. She squeezed her legs together bent. As Holly was four girls from the front, horror happened. Her bladder contents emptied similtaneous with the bell for next class ringing. Her spandex pants were soaked.

She had to find the nurse and found replacement pants. They were baggy jeans in fact. The boudecaus girl walked back to class. Even though she has had a successful life since, the humiliation will be stuck with her forever.

