Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Wetting

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-03-12 06:07

WARNING: THIS IS A PRAODY OF TINKER BELL. IT INVOLVES WETTING, DESPERATION, PANTY SHOTS, A BIT OF LANGUAGE, ALL CHARACTERS WETTING THEMSLEVES, AND COPY-WRITE STUFF.(PLEASE DON'T SUE ME!) I STRONGLY SUGGEST IF ANY OF THESE OFFENDS YOU, PLEASE LEAVE NOW. EVERYONE ELSE, YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Tink loved the sound her vine hammer made when she struck it on a peice of copper. She pushed her bangs out of her way and wiped the sweat off her brow. She unclipped her work belt and left it on her work table. She waved to her fellow tinkers. "bye Clank and Bobble!" They didn't wave back, but Tink didn't care. She wanted to go see her friends.

Tink, or Tinker Bell, was a girl of many names and faces. She was a tinker fairy, and a rare one at that. She was sweet, smart, spunky and sassy. She also was one for exploding at people who made her mad. She had her signature bun tied up with a rubber band and her signature single leaf dress. She was only 5 inches tall, like all Never Fairies, and her green tinted wings rose 7 inches from her back. SHe had shimmring blue eyes that reminded her friends of a clear, cloudless day. Her skin was still shiny and sticky with sweat.

She saw Silvermist at the edge of Lilypad Pond, drawing out strings with dew-drops attached to them. Silvermist was a water talent, so her wings were tinted blue. Silvermist gently placed half onto a nearby spider web and eagerly drank the other half. She had long blue hiar that reached her calla lily slippers. Her dress was many different shades and hues of blue with only one sleeve. Her dress wraped around her body tightly, hugging it in such a way you could clearly make out her breasts.

She had almond shaped eyes that were brown. Because of this, she had an Asian apppreance. She was in mid-slurp when Tink flew by and waved at her. Silvermist jumped at Tink's reflection and dropped the string. Spring water splashed onto the girls, but they were careful not to get any on their wings. "Hello, Tinker Bell. You startled me. What's up?" Tink rubbed her tumbs together. "Are you done with work yet?" she asked carefully. Silvermist grinned at her. "Does it look like I'm done?" At that, she pulled a wave out of the water and motioned it to Tink, but she made it die before it got withen 2 feet of her giggling friend.

Silvermist climbed up the web she was working on to move a pesky drop. "No, I'm not done yet. You're a bit early Tinker Bell." Tink nodded. She looked down so she could see her reflcetion in the water. Silvermist smiled at her. "Maybe the other girls are done. Go check." Tink sprung up and nodded. "I'll let you know!" She waved and flew away.

At that point, Silvermist lost her footing and slipped, sliding down the spider web. Her hair flew madly behind her, looking like a tidal wave. Just when she thought she'd splash into the river, she stopped. She opened her eyes and saw that she was tangled into a sticky, twisted, tangled mess of the spider silk. Her hair was inches away from touching the water, and the water drops above her fell and plopped softly onto her face.

She knew struggling was useless, but she hoped her bladder could hold on after all that water.

Tink flew left and right then flew into the Flower Garden. She zipped so fast, Owlen had to hold onto her sproutlings and scrowl at Tink. "Sorry!" Tink waved. Tinker Bell knew Rosetta would be somewhere deep in the garden.

Rosetta was bent over, sprinkling pixie dust onto a wilted flower. Tink could see her red lacy panties from under her skirt. "Rosetta?" Tink asked. Rosetta jumped up, a hair brush in her arms. "Are you still working?" Rosetta brushed her hair while considering Tink's question.

Rosetta had cinnomon colored hair and sharp green eyes. Her dress was a rose petal skirt and top with a rose bud in the center. The skirt was shaped at a weird angle and covered in cylnder disks, looking like something a space-ship would own. Her shoes were strappy pink sandals. Her wings were tinted pink for the garden talents. As always, Rosetta had pink lipstick and red eyeshadow on. She was a sucker for beatuy. "Did you need anything, buttercup?" Rosetta had an accent the humans call a southern accent. Hearing it, you'd think she belonged in spurs and riding a bay horse.

"Are you done with work? Or am I too early?" Tink asked. Rosetta liked to get everything done before doing anything else. Rosetta picked up a lily and stuck it into the ground. "Um, sorta suger-cane. I'll reckon a girl like you could find someone else to play with, am I right?" Tink smiled. Rosetta had a habit of talking like she really WAS riding a bay horse. Tink nodded. "I'm almost finished, Daisy-top. Then we can finish, kay?" She turned around and sprinkled more pixie dust on decaying flowers. Tinker Bell nodded. "Maybe Fawn can play."

Tink flew over to Fawn. Fawn was sitting on the Country Wall. She tossed her rope braid at the sound of Tink's voice. "Fawn!" she called. Fawn was an animal talent and her wings were tinted orange. She had a long brown rope braid down to her orange mossicans. She was dressed in a light brown tank top and mini skirt that was tight on her. She had brown eyes and was cuddling a baby bunny.

"It seems everyone is working still. I wonder when they'll be able to hang out." Fawn set the bunny down and stared at Tinker Bell. She had a sprinkling of freckles across her face and seemed to have a Latino appreance. "And Silvermist-oh, damn it! I forgot Silvermist!" Tink cried. She realized Silvermist would've caught up with them now, so that meant she was in danger. Fawn gasped. "Well, stop standing around! Let's go find her!" Fawn cried. She jumped up and Tinker Bell could catch a glimpse of her yellow panties. Fawn waved from off in the distance. "Let's get going!"

Silvermist had fallen asleep, her hair draped over her like she was Sleeping Beatuy. "It looks like she got tangled in the web. How should we cut her out?" Fawn asked. Tink touched one of the slippery strings and made it bounce. Silvermist looked up. "Tink?" she mumbled. Tinker Bell took one of the sticks laying around and sawed it through the web.

"Wait! I can't fall into the water!" Silvermist cried, clearly awake. Fawn placed her arms out. "I'll catch you." Tink sawed through one more string, and there was a breaking noise. Silvermist plunged to the ground, screaming. Fawn kept her promise and caught her. Silvermist jumped down from her friend's arms. She picked a water lily and placed it behind one ear.

"What's wrong? You seem quiet." Tink questioned. Silvermist didn't look up. "I peed myself up there," she stated. The girls could tell she was crying. The lower half of her dress was dark blue and it coutinued all the way down to her hem. "That's all? Shit, I thought you were crying over something bigger." Fawn said. Silvermist glared at her through her tears. "You bitch! This IS a big deal, for me. If you don't think it's such a big deal, then you pee yourself. Right here, right now." Silvermist snapped. Fawn crossed her arms and turned away. "I can't. I didn't drink much today." Tink looked at both of the girls and didn't like where this was going. "Here's some clean, fresh water droplets. Drink them. Every one." Silvermist commanded. She still had tears shining on her cheeks, but Tink knew her friend meant war.

Fawn took the water angerly and slurped it. She drunk all 5 drops to the brim. "Any more?" She smirked. Silvermist grinned. "I'm a water talent. I always have more." And with that, Silvermist jumped onto the water and drew up a huge curtian of water around her. When the curtain vainished, she was holding 3 more leafs filled with 5 water droplets each. "Drink every single one. You won't think you're hot stuff when our friends get here." Now it was Silvermist's turn to smirk.

Rosetta showed up a few minutes later to find Fawn still gluping down water. "Should I even ask?" she asked in her down home country charm voice. She sat on the rock next to Tink and started fluffing her hair. She looked like someone who would bring along a sampler to sew or something.

Fawn was getting pretty despsrte and had her legs crossed in mid-air. She had only finished 3 leafs so far. Tink yawned. "Is this ever going to end? I don't mean to be rude, but we've probably been sitting here for 2 hours." Rosetta gocused on her green glittery nails instead of Tinker Bell. Silvermist was popping pollywog bubbles now, obiusvly not caring what happened to Fawn now. Fawn finished the last leaf off and fell to the ground next to Silvermist. "What now?" she asked, bending her knees. Silvermist shrugged. "I'm going to see how long you can wait." Rosetta and Tinker Bell looked up. "But we've been here for at least an hour! I don't feel like waiting an hour more." Rosetta got up in a huff, her hair flying behind her.

Tink was about to follow her, then Silvermist popped a huge, soapy bubble and it drenched her and Fawn. "Yuck! River water!" Fanw removed her hands to wipe the juice off. "But you drank 6 leafs of it about an hour ago." Silvermist said, confused. Fawn knew that removing her hands was a problem. A hissing sound rose up and she couldn't jump into the river because she couldn't risk her wings getting soaked. She fell onto her knees, trying to crawl, and a stream fell from between her skirt and covered her butt. The stream plinked agnist the slippery rocks and some fell into the water. Silvermist gasped. Fawn got up. "Well, what now?" Tinker Bell waved and flew off.

"I wish I could stay," she told her friends, "But I forgot to check on Iridessa!" Her friends giggled. "So, what should we do know?" Fawn asked, her wet crotch in full veiw. "Wanna blow pollywog bubbles?" Silvermist asked. The girls giggled.

*003*2011-03-21 11:03

{{: 

This was really good Please make more I feel incomplete without hearing the rest

}}

Alright, maybe I'll make more. One with Iridessa and one with Tinker Bell. :D

*005*2011-03-22 21:33

I always go with my gut for stories, because my gut is never wrong. :D

