The Four Kunoichi - Final Edition

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2016-01-12 22:18

This story is a collab effort between user Pain and me. He started writing this story, but then he wanted to move onto other things so he handed me the right to finish it. I hope I've done it justice, and I hope you all enjoy it.

###

The sun was beginning to set over the Land of Fire and the birds seemed to be returning to their nests.

Sakura walked ahead of the group, her legs stiffer than usual. “Hurry up you guys, will you?!” she quipped, turning around to see the other three Kunoichi readily following her path towards the Hidden Leaf.

“Will you hold on a bit? All of us are tired here!” Ino retaliated, “A little rest won’t hurt, you know?!”

“Yeah, I guess Ino is right. We must rest for a while, my legs feel like they're gonna break off,” Tenten complained, jumping into the conversation.

“No way. We're just a few hours from the village. You can rest all you want once we get there,” Sakura replied, walking straight without even turning to look at her comrades. Although Sakura didn’t let it show, the truth was that she needed to pee. It had been a long day completing a D-Rank mission in the Land of Trees and she wasn’t in a mood to delay her visit to the toilet by halting to rest.

Hinata just looked on as the other three continued to argue if they should stop or not. With a heavy bag on her back, she was wrapped up in her own need to pee. Being a rather hot day, all four Kunoichi had been drinking well to keep themselves hydrated, but they never got a chance to relieve themselves during the mission. Each one of them was feeling a need to pee now but none of them were willing to admit it. That would have been thoroughly embarrassing. With hands wrapped below her ample breasts, Hinata walked looking at the ground. Her bladder ached a bit with each step but she maintained her pace. Just a little while longer and I will get to relieve myself, she thought.

They walked, followed by their long shadows. None of them had uttered a word in a while but then suddenly, Tenten let out a moan. “Aaah!,” she gasped, holding the back of her neck before falling to the ground unconscious.

“Huh!?” Ino breathed in shock, running towards her fallen friend.

“Ino, Hinata, keep your eyes open, we've been followed!” Sakura shouted, clenching her fists towards the woods, eyeing the treeline for any sign of their enemy. Suddenly, Sakura felt a sharp stinging sensation on her bare shoulder. It was a needle that had pierced into her skin. It had been aimed from a distance. Sakura quickly began to lose her senses as well, and fell to the ground with a thud.

Before Ino and Hinata could even look at each other and understand what was happening, they were struck by similar needles behind their necks. It was a swirly black haze that had formed in front of their eyes before they too fell down, insentient.

Within a matter of seconds, it was over. They all laid there unconscious and at the mercy of their enemy.

###

Sakura held her head as she tried to sit upright. It took her a while to orient herself to the poorly lit room and her friends lying close by, but her mind was soon overcome by a much more pressing need. She had to pee, bad. She stood up from the ground and walked towards the door and tried to open it, but it didn’t budge. She pressed her thighs together and looked at her friends who were still unconscious. She again tried her luck with the door but it went in vain. Soon the other three gained consciousness too and began to sit upright. “Where are we?” Tenten inquired, rubbing her eyes.

“I don’t know, but we're stuck here. The door won’t open,” Sakura replied.

“Great! I don’t know about you guys but I really need to take a leak,” Ino said, sitting on the ground with one leg stretched out and the other folded.

“Me too, I’ve been holding it all day,” Tenten said, rubbing her abdomen as she stood there.

“Looks like we’ll just have to hold it until we find a way to get out of here,” Sakura said, looking at the roof, trying to study the place they were trapped in.

“I too have to go, let us quickly get out of here,” Hinata said meekly.

“No,” Sakura stated firmly, “We can’t just hastily try to escape from here, more traps may be awaiting us. We still don’t know who our enemy is and why they have us held captive. We must wait and chalk out a plan and then when the time is right, we will make our escape.” Ino, Hinata and Tenten nodded in agreement. It was better to wait than to act hastily and invite new trouble for themselves. But each girl by now was feeling a rather uncomfortable need to urinate and they were more or less desperate to get out. Nevertheless, they patiently waited for the enemy to show his face. Ino, Hinata and Tenten sat at different spots in the room while Sakura paced up and down near the door.

After what seemed like an hour, they heard the sound of someone’s footsteps from the other side of the door. “Someone is coming!” Ino whispered.

“I know! ” Sakura hissed. All four girls took their stance near the door, ready to pounce at the enemy when he came in.

After becoming louder with each passing moment the sound of the footsteps abruptly stopped. The tray slot at the bottom of the door opened and four trays of food slid in. A bowl of ramen for each of them, as well as a bento of four takoyaki to share.

The girls were shocked and confused to see that their kidnapper was offering them a decent meal but none of them were really bothered about it, all they wanted was to just get out of there.

“Hey you! Why are you keeping us here?!” Sakura asked, bending forward a little towards the still open tray slot.

“Because I need to…” came a man’s voice, his tone as if he was happy about keeping them in there.

“Well, what do you want from us?” Ino inquired.

“Umm...nothing from you really. You are just the pawns I’m using to get what I want,” he said in a soothing yet devilish voice.

“What do you want to get, you idiot? Let us outta here or else…!” Sakura grumbled.

“Haha! There is nothing much you can do while you are trapped in there. I can monitor your every move with the cameras installed in the room,” the man said.

“You don't know who you're screwin' with!” Sakura shouted. “I'll smash your cameras with my bare hands!”

“And if you even attempt to do so, I will release a nerve gas into the room, and you'll be out cold for a few hours at least.”

Tenten’s cheeks went red on hearing this. She had been thinking of pulling down her pants to pee right on the floor if the situation got too bad, but now that plan was not even worth thinking about. She now had to think of a new way to help herself hold it if they were going to be kept here for too long.

“Well can you at least let us go to the bathroom?” Ino asked pleadingly.

“I’m afraid I can’t risk that, you have to stay in there until the time is right,” the guy said before he closed the tray slot.

“Hey wait! Don’t leave us here like this!” Tenten yelled, walking quickly towards the door. The girls heard the sound of his retreating footsteps and their hearts sank in disappointment.

“Ino, do you really need to go?” Sakura asked, trying to know if her friend was alright.

“No, it’s not that urgent but I really had a lot to drink,” Ino replied, her hands on her hips.

“Err...a-and so did I, what are we going to do?” Hinata asked in her usual soft, sweet voice.

“I guess we’ll just have to hold it until we figure out a way to escape,” Sakura said. The other three girls visibly frowned at this. Who knew how long it would take to get out of there? Although one thing was for sure, with their bladders filling up at such a steady rate, all four of them were in for a really desperate time. Tired after a long day, the girls gorged down on the food the man had brought for them. It tasted amazing, and everyone ate to the last bit. Soon after, they all sat in a circle and tried to discuss a plan about how to get out of this mess.

“I am really gonna need to use the bathroom soon, how do you think we’ll get out of here?” Tenten asked.

“I seriously don’t know,” Sakura said, looking at the floor, “I think we’ll just have to wait until someone at the village notices our absence and comes to rescue us...”

“But that could be days from now!” Ino said aloud, feeling overwhelmed.

“I know…” Sakura said.

“B-But h-how are we supposed to hold it until then?” Hinata said, seriously worried about the condition of her bladder.

“I don’t know, but we can’t give up so easily,” Sakura said, “We cannot relieve ourselves in here because of the cameras, we’ll just have to hold it until we get out of here, no matter how long it takes.”

“But that’s insane!” Tenten said, “You need a camel’s bladder to last that long!”

“I know it is going to be difficult but let’s just look at it as an opportunity to test ourselves,” Sakura said.

Although Sakura was trying her best to motivate her comrades, she herself was not sure if she would be able to hold it for very long. Her need to go had been increasing steadily all this time and she was sure the same would be happening with the rest of the girls too. Every ninja goes through the basic training on how to suppress their bodily needs to perform better during missions and also in dangerous situations where their life is under threat but here, the girls were looking at a prolonged hold that may last for days. None of them were ready for it but they had no choice.

Hinata sat with her arms around her knees, worried about her throbbing bladder. She was a very shy girl and being forced to go without the toilets for this long was truly mortifying for her. Normally she would never mention about her need to go to her team mates or her family members and on several occasions had to wait so long that she leaked in her underclothes. Tenten too had been desperate to pee many a time while on missions but every time she managed to hold it until she got to a toilet.

It was only last summer that she came dangerously close to having an accident when she was on a mission with Neji and Lee. She had made a mad dash to the bathroom when they stopped at a small curry shop to have lunch. But unfortunately she couldn’t stop a big leak from escaping and it made a fairly noticeable wet spot on the crotch of her pants before she got to the toilet. Lee did question her about the wet stain on her crotch when she came back but she dismissed it, saying it was just a spill from the washbasin.

Sakura and Ino had been desperate too but never to the point of leaking. Every time, their luck would help them find privacy before the situation got out of control but this time it looked like they were in for the worst. All four girls sat quietly next to each other as the flame from the torch on the wall flickered a bit violently. The cold floor wasn’t helping in their condition and each one was beginning to fidget a little as their discomfort grew. Their bladders were really beginning to swell up with all the fluids they had been drinking throughout the day and their minds were getting more and more clouded with their need to pee.

“But who do you think is doing this?” Ino asked, breaking the span of silence.

“I don’t know, but whoever it is, he is certainly a very adept opponent. I couldn’t even sense his presence in the woods until it was too late,” Sakura said. “And the way he used those needles to put us all down so quickly tells how dangerous he can be. For one thing, the needles could have been lethally poisoned and we never would’ve woken up.”

The rest of the three girls gulped down the lumps that had formed in their throats on hearing this. They now had an idea of the enemy’s strength but were still unaware of what he wanted from them. Suddenly, Sakura gasped as she felt a strong spasm from her bladder, reminding her that it needed to be emptied. This was a rather strong jolt which made her worried. She stood up from her place and walked towards the door. “Hello! Can you hear me?” she called out to their kidnapper .

“What are you doing?” Ino asked.

“Can’t you see? I’m trying to talk to him,” Sakura said, turning to her friend and then back at the door. “Hello! Can you please let us out of here? We all really need to go to the bathroom!” she yelled. “And where are we going to sleep? The floor is so cold…”

She kept shouting but all her pleas went unheard and disappointment began to creep inside her mind.

“Let it be, Sakura, he won’t listen to us,” Tenten said as the hope within her started to die.

Sakura tried to call out to the unknown man a few more times before she eventually gave up and came back to sit in the circle. Her bladder was really beginning to ache and she was sure she was going to go crazy because of her elevating need to pee.

She would have peed hours ago if there had been no cameras in the room but unfortunately that wasn’t the case. There was no way she was going to strip her clothes to relieve herself for some creepy unknown guy to watch. All she could do was wait, wait until her bladder exploded. Or if she was lucky enough, someone would come to rescue them before that happened. As they all sat there thinking about their filling bladders, grayish clouds of smoke suddenly started to enter the room from small holes in the four corners.

“What’s that?” Ino asked, feeling alarmed on seeing the smoke rapidly fill the room.

“I don’t know!” Sakura yelled as she began to cough due to the effects to the smoke.

Hinata tried to cover her face with her hands but it couldn’t save her from inhaling the gas. She began to feel dizzy again and within a few seconds lost her consciousness and fell down to the ground.

“Hinata passed out!” Tenten yelled, before she herself started to feel the effects of the gas . Soon she fainted too and so did Ino and Sakura.

###

Upon waking up, the girls found themselves in a different room. This one was smaller than the one before but was well lit and had four cozy, fluffy beds and it also had a tap for drinking water.

“How did we get here?” Tenten asked as she got up from the ground, holding her aching head.

“He must have moved us here when we passed out…” Ino guessed, trying to open the door even though she knew it was pointless.

“Yeah, that’s right,” Sakura said, looking around the room, “It's obvious that he doesn't want to hurt us. The tranquilizer darts, feeding us, giving us beds. He wants us to be comfortable. The question is, why?”

“If he wants us to be comfortable, he should just let us pee,” Tenten sighed.

“He knows that we'll attack him if the door opens,” Sakura explained. “He can only come near us if we're unconscious. Anyway, all we can do for now is try to get some sleep. We'll figure this out tomorrow.”

“How am I supposed to sleep when I have to piss this badly?” Ino moaned. “My bladder feels like a melon,” she finished, pressing lightly on her belly under her vest.

“You have to focus. We are Shinobi, this situation is nothing to us,” Sakura said bravely.

“That might be easy for you to say,” Tenten whispered. “Either way, we're stuck. We should at least rest for now.” She settled into one of the beds and leaned back, exhaling heavily and crossing her legs tightly. “If only I had my scrolls. I could summon a toilet and a Shoji screen.”

“You can do that?” Ino asked with a dry chuckle.

“Yep. It comes in handy,” Tenten said. “When she's normally grouped with two men, a girl has to be creative.”

“Can we please stop talking about this?” Hinata piped up suddenly. “I truly must use a restroom soon and this talk does not help.”

“Sorry, Hinata,” Ino said, looking down at her feet. “She's right, we'd do best to ignore our bodies as much as we can. Try to rest.” Ino took the bed next to Tenten and nuzzled her head into the soft pillow. “At least the bed is comfortable. Better than mine at home.”

Sakura and Hinata took the two beds across the small room. “It is comfortable,” Sakura said to the ceiling. She closed her eyes, and despite the pressure between her legs and her concern about their situation, she managed to find sleep quickly.

After six hours of dreamless sleep, Sakura's eyes opened, squinting into the light of the room. She immediately gasped and slammed her legs shut, an extreme wave of pressure assaulting her bladder as soon as she woke up. “Shit,” she spat, louder than she intended. She shoved her right hand against her womanhood, closing her eyes tightly and squeezing herself. She felt her bladder pulsing and throbbing, and it took all her strength to stop herself from dampening her clothes. Eventually the sudden pressure subsided to the usual dull ache, and she released her grip between her legs and leaned back. She knew that the camera was watching her, and she hoped the sheets provided enough cover where their captor wouldn't have seen her pressing into her privates. Glancing around, she noticed that four bowls of Oyakodon had been delivered to their room while she slept. One was empty.

“Sakura?” Tenten's voice spoke up. “Are you alright?”

“Mmhm, yeah. I just woke up and almost started leaking in my bed.. How are you doing?”

“Bursting,” Tenten answered. “I haven't slept for one minute. I keep moving to hold myself, but then I remember the camera...at least breakfast was good.”

“Raise your knees a bit and hold yourself under the sheets,” Sakura said. “Should be easy enough to hide.”

“Good idea...”

“Myeeeh,” a third voice whimpered. Sakura looked to her left to see Hinata shaking in her bed. Her sheets were wrapped tightly around her, and her grey eyes were opened wide. “Is something happening?” she asked softly.

“Not really,” Tenten sighed. “Are you alright, Hinata?”

“I have not ever felt like this,” Hinata whispered. “It really hurts.”

“Hinata, you should hold yourself under the blankets like we are,” Sakura told her.

“But I...”

“Nobody will see you, just pull the sheets up and do it. You'll feel better, I promise.”

Hinata was silent, but Sakura watched as she pulled the blankets up to her neck and positioned herself stiffly.

“Ino?” Sakura called. “Are you wearing your headband as a belt? I know you do that sometimes and you should take it off to remove some pressure.”

No answer.

“Ino?” Sakura looked across to Ino's bed. The girl's long blonde hair showed over the top of her blankets, but she was laying still.

“Is she still asleep?” Tenten asked.

“After all the noise we've been making?” Sakura quipped. She knew that any Ninja should be a very light sleeper. Starting to feel concern, she grasped one of her pillows and tossed it across the room, watching it strike Ino with a soft fwhump.

Ino shifted and rolled the pillow off of herself. “Leave me alone,” Ino mumbled.

“Look, Ino, I know this sucks but we have to start planning a way out of here.”

“Please just leave me alone,” Ino said again.

“Ino, what's the matter with you? Don't make me come over there and-”

“Sakura...” Hinata whispered. “I...I think she...”

“Hinata, shut up,” Ino hissed.

Sakura looked back and forth between them, her brow furrowed. It took her a few seconds, but she eventually understood. “Ino...you didn't hold it through the night, did you?”

The lump of blankets on Ino's bed began to shake, and she could be heard crying softly. “Oh, it was so horrible,” Ino sobbed. “I woke up about an hour ago and it was already coming out hard. I just couldn't stop it. I hoped it would dry before anyone else noticed but it's all still so wet...”

“Ino...” Sakura felt bad for her friend. It could have happened to any of them. It almost happened to Sakura. Still, in the deepest parts of her mind, she couldn't help but feel the slightest bit proud that she defeated her old rival in even this small way. She outlasted Ino, and that gave her the strength to stand up. She rolled off her bed and stood straight, clenching her fists – and her legs – tightly. She made her way over to the door and took two of the bowls of Oyakodon, bringing one to Hinata. She gestured towards her bedside table with her head, and Sakura placed the bowl next to her. She then did the same for Ino, finally going to take her own bowl. She angrily wolfed it down in seconds, throwing the bowl and shattering it against the thick door.

“I'm really thirsty,” Tenten sighed. “That was salty.”

Sakura glanced over at Tenten, then to the water tap that poked out of the wall nearby. “Well, we have water. But if you drink it...”

“I know,” Tenten mumbled, looking down at her feet. “Think about it though. If we dehydrate ourselves, we won't be able to fight at our full strength. Even if we can't hold it and end up...you know, that's better than having to fight while weakened.”

Sakura thought for a few seconds. Tenten is right. A Ninja is a tool, a weapon to be deployed against an enemy as needed. We are being held by an unknown hostile, there cannot be much room for modesty here. Still...if the rest of us can manage to stay dry, that would be preferable.

“Fine,” Sakura said. “We'll drink one bowl of water and hope for the best. There's nothing we can do about it.” She took Tenten's bowl, having smashed her own, and took it to the tap. She slowly turned the knob, and the water soon began to pour from the tap. Her need to pee immediately increased from the sound of the water, and she bent her right knee across her left and fell into an awkward squat. “Oh...shit,” she spat, closing her eyes tightly.

“P-please turn it off,” she heard Hinata whine from across the room.

“Yeah, yeah...” Sakura forced herself to stick the bowl under the stream, noting in mild surprise that the water was exceptionally clear and cold. Whoever is doing this seems to be very concerned with our comfort. Clean water, fantastic food... She rinsed out what remained of the Oyakodon and filled the bowl to an inch below the rim – Maybe fifteen ounces of water. She chugged the bowl on the spot and quickly refilled it, handing it to Tenten. After staring tentatively at it for a couple seconds, she did the same then handed it back to Sakura. She refilled the bowl again, and then turned off the tap.

Sakura stood straight, gasping as her bladder screamed its protest. She slowly shuffled around Tenten's bed, placing the bowl of water next to Ino's uneaten food. “Ino...you have to sit up. Eat, drink. You have to keep your strength.”

“Go away, Billboard.”

Sakura puffed up, eyes wide and arms crossed. Ino hadn't called her that for years, and despite her delicate situation, it just rubbed her the wrong way. Before she could even think to stop herself, Sakura bent down and grasped the frame of Ino's bed, then straightened up and flipped the entire construct to a shocked scream from the blonde girl. “INO, YOU ARE A NINJA. GET UP, EAT AND DRINK, AND GET READY TO FIGHT THIS BASTARD. WE'LL BE IN THE HIDDEN LEAF TONIGHT IF I HAVE TO DIG OUT OF HERE WITH MY BARE HANDS!”

The heap of sheets and mattresses shifted, and Ino Yamanaka stood up. She was looking at her feet, her arms folded in front of her. The front of her purple skirt was soaked, obviously she had shoved her hands between her legs in a final hopeless effort to stop the wetting. Ino silently turned to pick up her bowl of food, and Sakura saw that the back of the skirt was completely saturated. Sakura looked away as Ino began to slowly eat the Oyakodon. Sakura paced the room as the other girls finished their breakfasts. Hinata was the last to set down her bowl, and she was shaking from head to toe with the effort of holding her distended bladder. Tenten was sitting at the edge of her bed, staring at the wall with an unfocused gaze.

“I've had enough of this,” Sakura said suddenly. “We're getting out of here RIGHT NOW.” She stormed across the room to the thick door. “I don't give a shit how skilled our enemy is. We are four of the best Kunoichi in the Hidden Leaf, no matter who he is, we'll take him down. Now stand up, all of you! CHAAAA!”

Upon meeting Sakura's punch, despite being nearly half a foot of solid hardwood, the door shattered into splinters small enough to be considered sawdust. The moment her strike landed, the grey smoke began flowing into the room. “Everyone OUT! NOW!” Sakura shouted. Ino and Hinata stumbled through the door, but Tenten was standing next to her bed with her legs double-crossed. Sakura took a quick breath of the fresh air outside the room and held it, running in and grabbing Tenten's wrist. The girl shouted an unintelligible protest as Sakura forcefully dragged her from the room. They sprinted down their new environment; a dim stone hall with a small bulb illuminating every five meters or so.

Sakura didn't even realize that she was still dragging Tenten until she became dead weight, almost causing Sakura to trip. She released the girl's arm and turned. “I think we're clear of the gas,” she panted. Ino and Hinata were there, Ino's face blank and Hinata's held in a constant look of worry that accompanied her squirming movements. There was just no hiding it anymore – She was on the verge of wetting herself completely and she would do anything to prevent it. Tenten was standing nearly doubled over, both hands shoved against her privates and her legs twisted together over them.

“No sign of our enemy,” Sakura choked out, ignoring her companion's tormented stance. “Let's keep moving, there has to be...there...” Sakura watched as Tenten's strained face suddenly went limp, her mouth opening slightly in a soft moan. “Tenten, are you...”

Sakura heard it before she saw it. The unmistakable sound of liquid splattering on stone. Tenten let out a loud, low groan as the pee burst through her clenched hands and the wetness spread across the crotch of her maroon pants in pulsing surges timed to her heavy breaths, spraying through the fabric and snaking down her legs. She let her hands fall limp at her sides and leaned back on the wall as she finally let her bladder empty itself. Sakura turned around and twisted her legs together while Hinata just closed her eyes and looked away. Tenten's puddle spread across the hallway, and the other girls stepped around the rapidly expanding streams of liquid. “It feels so good,” Tenten breathed. “I thought I was going to pass out from the pressure...”

It was well over a minute until the urine stopped dripping from the sopping cloth of her pants and Tenten released a final sigh of relief. Sakura had her middle and ring finger pressed hard against the crotch of her shorts and Hinata was standing as stiff as a statue with her fists clenched at her sides. Ino was just standing back, her head held down. “We have to move on,” Sakura mumbled. “We still don't know where our opponent is.”

She started walking down the hall as quickly as she could manage while fighting back the waves of desperation that wracked her straining, trembling body. She was about to turn a corner when she heard Tenten whisper “Wait, please...” Sakura turned around and saw Tenten standing behind her with her legs held apart and her knees slightly bent. “I can barely walk like this, let alone run or fight. I'm mortified, but I have to take my pants off...”

Sakura watched as Tenten gripped the waistband of her pants and slid them down. She was wearing plain white underwear, the crotch of them almost completely see-through and shaded a light yellow. It took Sakura a little too long to realize that she was staring at Tenten's exposed womanhood, and she quickly turned her head away as Tenten flushed red and tried to cover herself with her hands. “People can see everything,” Tenten moaned. “I don't have anything else to-”

“Tenten,” Hinata said suddenly. The others turned to her and Tenten grinned lightly as Hinata held our her bundled jacket. “You...you can zip it around your legs and tie the arms. It's long enough to cover everything and I don't mind if you use it...” Tenten reached out and took the thick jacket, doing as Hinata said. It looked awkward, but it was functional enough.

Sakura realized that she had never once seen Hinata without her jacket on before. She looked so different, so slender in just her undershirt and the steel mesh that covered it. Her exposed arms were shivering, either from the cold or from the effort of holding her bladder. Sakura turned back towards the end of the hall and started walking without another word, all her energy focused on staying dry. As she turned the corner, she caught the quickest flash of red and white disappearing through a door on the other side of the room. “I'VE SPOTTED HIM!” Sakura yelled, startling the others.

Sakura took off into the next room, a fully-stocked kitchen, and barged through the door on the other end. Whoever she saw had vanished, nothing but another long, empty hallway spanning out ahead of them. Her surge of adrenaline fading, her hands flew between her legs as a spurt of pee burst out of her and dampened the crotch of her shorts. “Shit, oh this is it,” Sakura nearly screamed. She quickly spun her head around the room, checking the corners and the ceiling. No cameras. Another glance around and she saw the large kitchen sink dug into the stone counter top. I can't believe I'm doing this, but it's coming out no matter what...”

Without any word of warning, Sakura grabbed the sides of her skirt and shorts and nearly jumped out of them, exposing herself to the other girls. She couldn't manage to care anymore as she bolted to the sink, pee spurting out of her throbbing privates and splattering on the wooden floor. She jumped up and settled over the sink just as she burst completely, letting her legs go limp. Ino couldn't help but look for a moment, seeing Sakura's thick, powerful stream thundering against the metal. It sounded like the faucet was turned on. Another thing she noticed was that Sakura's “other” hair was as pink as the hair on her head. What the hell? Did she dye that? I already know that she's a freak of nature, but she couldn't possibly have natural pink hair?”

Ino tried to stifle herself but she failed miserably at hiding a sharp laugh behind a fake sneeze. Sakura stared sharply at Ino, her face going red. “What are you laughing at, ponytail? At least I made it to a sink.”

“It's not that,” Ino coughed. “It's just...your hair,” she wheezed, patting her own bikini area and now laughing full-force. “I can't believe it's actually pink!”

“Shut it,” Sakura shouted, going even redder. She folded her hands over her legs and leaned forwards, her pee still spraying powerfully into the sink. Then she sighed. At least Ino can still laugh after her accident. Sakura looked to the other two. Tenten was tense and looked like she was fighting back either laughter or tears, and Hinata was on the complete other side of the room, vibrating from head to toe. It struck Sakura how surprising it was that Hinata was the one to last the longest. I guess it makes sense. She's always so shy...she probably can't tell anyone when she has to go. I bet she's spent most of her time outside her own house with a full bladder. This must be much worse for her than the rest of us...

Sakura stayed silent as she continued to empty herself into the sink. Her butt was damp from the splashback against the metal sink, and when she finally finished after nearly two minutes, she slid off the sink and picked up her skirt and shorts, patting her behind with a kitchen towel that was hanging from a hook next to a few vegetable crates. Once she had her clothes back on, she turned to Hinata. “Hey, Hinata...the rest of us will stand outside this room and guard the doors. We'll even cover our ears. Please use the sink. You must be dying over there.”

Hinata spun around and shook her head so quickly that it looked like little more than a blur. “No, I'm fine, really,” she blurted out, apparently unaware how obvious it was that her legs were squeezed together tightly enough to crack a coconut and that her bladder was protruding so far through her soft shirt that it made her look slightly pregnant.

“If you say so,” Sakura sighed. “Let's just hurry.” Sakura led the way through the next hallway, turning the corner – Into another hallway. Cursing the whole way through, she led the three of them through a total of six stone halls, finally ending in a solid iron door. Now that she was relieved, Sakura could muster even more strength than before. She slammed her right fist into the door, and it creaked and bent, folding inwards and chipping the stone it was set in. Sakura's face lit up as sunlight shone through the bent edges of the door, and after one more punch, the slab of iron flew from its hinges and spiraled a few dozen meters across the dirt outside the cave's entrance.

Stepping out into the sun, Sakura squinted and took in her surroundings. They were standing on a plateau, overlooking a large forest. And there in the distance was the Village Hidden in the Leaves, the Hokage's palace towering above the surrounding houses and trees.

“We were kept so close to the village?” Ino said in an astonished tone. “What kind of nerve does this guy have? Especially for a coward who apparently took off as soon as we broke out...”

“We can't think about it now,” Sakura stated. “We have to get to the village quickly, for Hinata.”

Hinata folded her arms and bent her head down. “Don't...don't worry about me, I'm-”

“You're about to piss yourself,” Ino snapped sharply. “Why not just admit it, get your pants off, and do it right here? You're such a-”

“Can it, Ino,” Sakura yelled. “If she can keep holding it, that's up to her. If she has to go badly enough, she'll say so.” Sakura turned away from them and started walking towards the village.

Hinata followed after the other three, her hands nursing her rock-hard bladder. It sent out a pulse of incredible pressure across her whole body with every step she took. She could feel the tightness across her belly all the way down to her privates, the waistband of her black underwear digging into the great bulge. Making sure the others weren't looking, she slid her thumbs under the bands of her pants and underwear and pulled them under the bulge. Looking down, she cringed as she could see the very top of her black pubic hair poking out over her pants. She quickly pulled the pants back up, gasping quietly as the waistband settled back right on top of her bladder.

They walked on and on through the forest, the sun getting higher in the sky as time passed. Normally they would have been jumping through the trees, making it back to the village in less than an hour, but Hinata could barely move and the others were respecting her choice to hold. But how long could she wait? She already felt damp from the tiny leaks that had forced their way out of her from the pure pressure, and the feeling of wetness was making it even harder to hold. Her mind was focused entirely on her control, blindly trailing the three others using Sakura and Ino's bright hair as flags to follow. She didn't know how much time had passed, just that her whole body was nearly ready to collapse. Her breaths were shallow and her eyes were watering, and more little drops of pee were leaking out of her every few minutes. She was shaking all over, barely staying on her feet.

Her situational blindness had been more complete than she thought, because when Sakura placed her hand on Hinata's shoulder with an empathetic smile on her face, Hinata looked up to see that they were standing in the middle of the entrance courtyard of their village. “You are unbelievably strong, Hinata,” Sakura whispered. “I don't know how you held on this long, but you've almost made it now.”

Hinata looked around; Ino and Tenten had already left them. Sakura took Hinata by her shoulder and led her through the streets. Despite her humiliation, she was glad for the physical support. The little bit of weight taken off her legs made it easier to hold them together as she walked. She could feel dampness over her entire crotch now, and even a tiny bit down her thighs. She thanked the heavens that her pants were black, it would be nearly impossible to see. It was another ten minutes until they were standing outside Hinata's large home. The street was fortunately empty, everyone busy during the middle of the day. Sakura gave Hinata a light hug, making sure not to press on her midsection, and walked away back towards her own home.

Hinata couldn't believe it herself. Throughout her life, she had consistently surprised herself with her own strength, but this was on another level. She knew it was hyperbolic, but at this point she felt like she was about to die. She fell through the gate into the Hyuga complex, into the empty courtyard, and finally she was alone. Finally she had the privacy she needed. The restroom was inside the main house, across the yard. But she couldn't care anymore, nobody could see her, nobody knew what she was doing, and that was all she needed. She fell to her knees and wet herself completely. She bit down hard on her lip to stifle her moans of relief, clenching her fist as the wetness soaked through her pants and splashed into the grass, sinking into the dirt.

A shiver of pleasure took over her body, and she leaned back against the door and watched her abhorrent quantity of pee splatter out from between her legs and disappear into the grass. It just went on and on, spreading around her calves and feet. She shivered again and exhaled a deep held breath and let her mind be taken by the relief. She never would have thought it was possible for a human being to be able to pee this much. Her belly was deflating before her eyes, and she pushed on it and grinned slightly as the pressure of her flow increased. For well over two minutes she emptied herself into the grass, and when it was finally over she crawled to her feet and stumbled across the courtyard to the house.

She pushed open the window to her room from the outside, climbing in and crashing onto her floor. She didn't want to risk any servants spotting her in the entrance hall. It took all her remaining strength to stand up and get her soaked clothes off, stuff them in the bottom of her closet, rinse herself off, and slip on new underwear before she collapsed onto her bed and fell asleep immediately.

###

The sun was going down again, and Naruto Uzumaki was growing very impatient. Where the hell is he? I haven't been able to learn any new techniques in days.

As if this thought had summoned him, Naruto's master Jiraiya stepped through the trees with a disappointed glare on his face. “Pervy Sage, what took you so long?” Naruto yelled. “I wanna learn how to fire two Rassen-Shurikens at the same time!”

“I was busy doing research,” Jiraiya sighed. “Didn't work out too well. Anyway, it's a little too early for two Shurikens. I'm going to sleep, don't bother me until tomorrow.”

*003*2016-01-23 22:32

Thanks guys. I wouldn't usually write a Naruto story left to my own devices, but it was fun to finish.

