Indian Call Center Desperation

Author: ILoveOmorashi

*000*2012-06-02 00:48

Madhuri buried her hands deep into her crotch underneath her desk and moaned uncontrollably. She badly needed to urinate, but wasn’t allowed to leave her seat and go to the toilet at that moment, and wouldn’t be able for another three hours.

When she first heard about the openings for new call center operator positions from an American-based company three weeks ago, she enthusiastically applied. She knew the work paid more than employment at an Indian company did and it would also give her an opportunity to improve her English skills (not to mention that university fees were costly). But after passing the recruitment process and securing the position, Madhuri found out there were plenty of pitfalls as well. Besides dealing with potentially abusive American customers, the call center operators at the location they were to be working at would get only one half-hour break halfway into the 10-hour shift for meals and restroom visits.

If an operator needed to use the restroom while not on break, she would be required to raise her hand and ask a manager for permission, which Madhuri already knew could be denied as often as it was granted. She figured if she could avoid drinking so many liquids during the day, she would be fine, but on her first day at work, she found herself having to drink a lot of bottled water, as speaking English frequently made her thirsty. All of that water soon went to her bladder and she was now squirming at her desk. She looked around at the other workstations and she could see that several of her fellow co-workers (who were all young women in their 20’s) were also wriggling in their seats. Some of them looked close to tears.

Madhuri didn’t think she’d able to wait for another three hours to relieve herself, so she decided she would just have to ask the supervisor to go and hope he would permit it. She raised her hand while the other was still pressed firmly in her crotch.

Mr. Patil the supervisor noticed her raised hand from his desk.

“Yes, Madhuri?”

“Mr. Patil, may I go to the restroom, please? It’s an emergency.” Her legs were shaking underneath her desk.

“No, not right now, Madhuri. It’s very busy. You will just have to wait until the break.”

“But I need to go badly!” Madhuri pleaded. “Please, I’ll be right back in a couple of minutes.”

“I already said no!” Mr. Patil snapped, his voice getting more agitated. “You need to be at your desk to take calls and you can hold your bladder until your regular break!”

Madhuri sat at her desk in despair. There was no way she could hold it another three hours, but she couldn’t leave the desk without Mr. Patil’s permission. So she was going to have to try and endure it. She pressed her knees together and for the next hour-and-a-half, she took incoming calls from customers, a couple of whom were irate, abusive and racist.

“I want my confirmation number NOW and I want to speak to a fucking American!” a male American customer with a Texas accent screamed into her ear.

“Sir, I’m perfectly capable of helping you with whatever problems you have,” she said nervously in accented English. His screaming didn’t help her full bladder.

“Fuck you, dothead!” Then he hung up.

While she tried to recover from the abusive customer call, she suddenly heard another female operator down the aisle start crying followed by the sound of liquid pattering onto the carpet. Then she smelled the faint-but-obvious scent of urine.

Mr. Patil was unsympathetic.

“What are you, stupid?!! Look at the mess you’ve made!”

“I’m s-so sorry, Mr. Patil,” the operator sobbed. “I couldn’t hold it anymore! I can go get cleaned up.”

“No, you’re going to sit there and continue to take calls!”

Madhuri couldn’t believe what she was hearing. The operator had just wet herself and he was going to make her sit in her own pee and keep working! But after overhearing the other woman’s accident, she felt she couldn’t hold it any longer herself. She wondered what to do and then she remembered the wastebasket under her desk. With everyone else distracted and the office already reeking of urine, she made her move. Looking around, she nervously moved the wastebasket closer to her with her slipper-clad left foot, positioned her body forward on her recliner chair and then lifted up part of her blue sari, pulled her panties to the side and let go. She peed into the wastebasket for over a minute, moaning with relief. It didn’t make much of a sound as there was already a plastic bag inside.

Madhuri was glad she was able to find a way to resolve this situation, but how would she manage the other upcoming days at work without pee breaks? Mr. Patil wouldn’t always be distracted.

*005*2016-07-11 07:25

Glad you all liked it!

