Security?

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-10-17 23:00

Security?

Dewleaf

Bridget, a dark auburn headed girlwith green eyes and a silk smooth face without a blemish, had checked hercarryon one last time for the things she would need. Passport, ticket, money, and phone book—it wasall there. Sighing, she looked at thetime and realized she had no time to check anything else. The transport, a white van with the airportlogo on it, had already been waiting outside for nearly ten minutes, and if shedidn’t get out the door soon, she would be held up by security and miss herflight.

Bridget opened the door for the manthat was growing impatient as he tapped his foot at her front door waiting forher to open it so he could help her with her luggage.

“I’m so sorry,” Bridgetapologized. “I just overslept and didn’thave time to do anything!”

“That’s quite alright,” the man saidthough his actions showed that it was anything but alright as he grabbed hertwo heavy cases and grumbled as he loaded them into the van. “Just have a seat and I’ll get you there assoon as I can.”

Bridget looked from the floor as ifshe had expected to be scolded, up his black trouser legs, to his burgundy shortsleeve shirt, and into one day unshaven face and his cool blue eyes. His blond hair was ‘floppy.’

“So, where are you headed?” thedriver asked. “I mean, are you going outof town or out of the country?” he clarified as he got into the driver’s seat.

“I’m on my way to Nebraska to go homefor the holidays,” Bridget smiled his way, her eyes gleaming with thebrightness that would tell that she still needed more sleep. She yawned.

The morning traffic was light, andthe street lights seemed to be on her side as the van slide easily through theearly morning city and to the airport within fifteen minutes.

Bridget grabbed her carryon as theman reached into the back of the van for her two check-in bags. He carried them into the early morning lobbywith only a few people waiting in line, and once he had her situated in line,he disappeared.

Bridget checked the time, and it wasonly just opening time and the staff, behind the check-in desk, was now openingup, but because she had been later than she wanted, she was now the thirtieth personin line rather than the tenth. Shesighed.

Her plane was due to leave in aboutforty-five minutes. She hoped it wouldn’ttake that long to get to her gate because she was starting to feel like goingto the bathroom. If she left the line atthe moment, she would have to go behind another fifty people, so she decided tostick it out and wait.

The people at the check-in desk wereasking questions, making sure the customers had their cards filled outproperly, and registering everyone ‘and their kitty cat’ for the flight. It seemed to take forever. Bridget’s eyes were drooping, her stomach hada nervous pit in it like she always got before a flight, she was reminded bynoises in her stomach that she had not eaten that morning, and her bladder wasstarting to play pulsing games with her stomach.

Thirty-five minutes to go before hertake off, and she was now number three in line. She waited anxiously, her black gym bag and her blue suitcase slidingalong in front of her, and her tan shoulder bag over her shoulder. Her stomach throbbed, her stomach rumbled abit more, her eyes felt like pin lights were blazing into them, and her legswere slightly rubbing together.

“Come on,” she whispering toherself. “Can’t you guys go any faster?”she looked longingly to the people at the check-in desk, she was now second inline. Her hands kept moving to herstomach and down to her sides, trying to keep herself lady-like and notgrabbing herself like a baby. She wasnineteen years old after all. She wasfar too old to be putting herself in such situations, and yet here she was.

The time ticked slowly to thirty-fourminutes, thirty-three, thirty-two, and the line moved again. She was now second in line. Any minute, she could go to the securitypoint, get through it, and then hopefully find a bathroom before looking forher gate.

It seemed the man that was at thecounter now was checking in three bags, he was doing something about histicket, and had a million questions that held up the line. He was a fat guy with brown-turning silverhair in a brown suit.

“This is very delicate,” he seemed tomake sure the people at the check-in understood him well. “If anything gets broken, I’ll be suing thehandlers and everyone else associated with the flight because it is veryimportant that it reaches Nebraska.”

“Yes, we understand,” the lady inwhite silk dress shirt informed him with a smile. They carefully put that special bag on theconveyor belt, the words fragile facing up.

That wasn’t enough though, he had togo through the process of buying insurance, of checking his other bags in, andactually talking about whether his return ticket was refundable since he wasn’tso sure he was coming back this way.

Bridget’s stomach had a constant dullache. Her legs were now bicycle rubbingin place as her bottom squirmed side to side, back, and back to normalposition. She was in constant chantmode. “Please hurry. Get going, man. Please stop asking dumb questions. Come on, just a little more….”

A young boy, about sixteen years oldbehind her, was watching with interest as the girl squirmed, and seemed to begiving him a private sexy dance. Hesmiled and daydreamed that she was removing her jeans as she danced inplace. That her white top was alreadyunbuttoned, and that her hair was down and just covering where her tittiesshould be.

Time was ticking by. Twenty-eight, twenty-seven, twenty six, andthe man was finally walking away though looking back as though he were worried thathe had forgotten to ask something.

“Just keep walking,” Bridget thoughtto herself, her left hand creeping slightly closer to her crotch, debatingwhether she really should hold herself in public or not.

“Sean, stop looking at that girl,”Bridget heard a whisper from behind her, and she felt her face get hot withperspiration and embarrassment. She wasnow first in line, and hoped they would hurry because she still had to getthrough security and to the bathroom before the plane took off.

Twenty-five, twenty-four,twenty-three, and finally it was her turn to go up and have her bags checked in. She found their questions annoying and commonsense. She impatiently nodded or shookher head as they asked her that she had not left her bags unattended, and shehad a return address in case her bags were separated from her, and othersenseless things. All the while, hermovements were getting more pronounced so that everyone in line could see hermove a little, stop as she tried to fight through an urge, and then startmoving again. Even the staff behind thecounter noticed how she moved.

“Ma’am, are you okay?” one of theladies asked her.

“Yes,” Bridget practically had tearsin her eyes. “I just have to pee reallybad, so if you can just get my bags checked in so I can go, that would begreat.” She had wanted to say it thatclearly, but actually, she could only get out two or three words at a time as shestruggled, now her hand starting to massage near her crotch trying to keep herfingers away from it, but getting scared that something was going to leak atany moment. Her breathing was veryheavy, and her wiggle dance was nearly as though she was running in place.

“Alright, you are clear,” the womanfinally released her. “Your gate isthrough security and at the end of the hall.”

“Thanks,” Bridget gathered hercarryon back up to her shoulder with her free hand, one hand still massagingnear her crotch, still itching to hold herself, but too embarrassed to outrightdisplay such a private thing in public though everyone could easily tell she wasantsy and needing to pee badly.

She walked with a squeak from hersneakers down the white wax floor of the lobby to the security gate where shefound many people in front of her. Hermovements now included her hopping up and down as she waited in line. Twenty minutes, nineteen, eighteen….

Security seemed to be moving alongquite steadily, and only occasionally did they target a man or woman out of themany passing people to scan with scanners, to touch from head to toe with theirhands, and so on.

Fifteen minutes to go, and Bridgetwalked up to the security conveyor to put her carryon through the scanner. Then, she walked to the doorway that was toscan her, her constant moving and dancing and such making it quite hard for themachine to do its job for it was an x-ray machine.

“Please step over here out of line,”the security guard asked her. “Is therea reason you are moving so frantically?”

“I’m sorry, but I just really reallyhave to pee, and my flight leaves in about ten minutes.”

“Alright, well, I’m afraid with yourmoving around, the machine cannot do its job, so I’m going to have to check youmyself.”

“Oh, really?” Bridget askedblushing. “Can’t I just try to standstill now I know?”

The guard shook his head. “I’m sorry, but the others are already usingthe machine and it would be hard for everyone if we tried to put you back in,unless you want to go the end of the line.”

“No, that’s okay. Just please hurry,” she blushed.

The guard started at her feet, takingoff her shoes to check the feel of her socks. He didn’t seem to complain as she continued to bounced around with herknees. He felt up her pant legs as faras his hand could reach, then he started to touch her legs, grasping themfirmly to see if anything was hidden down them.

“Is this guard for real?” Bridgetwondered to herself. “Why isn’t a womanchecking me?”

He moved his hands up her legs to herknees when she felt a little squirt that caused her hands to cover hercrotch. Decency was now something thatdidn’t matter as much as her dry jeans especially with this man feeling up herlegs. He moved passed her knees, and shefelt another squirt causing her to rub her legs together and to bounce.

“Ma’am, you need to please stopbouncing, or I’ll have to start over or possibly have you strip so I can seeyou don’t have anything hidden.”

“I… I…” she wanted to say she couldn’t,but she was scared that he would actually make her take her clothes off, so sheended her statement with a nod as she pressed her crotch with all her strengthwith just her hands, and bent showing her bottom to everyone looking.

The man continued to grasp around herthighs now, and Bridget was squeezing her eyes closed as hard as she wassqueezing her muscles and trying to keep her liquids inside. She even used her fingers to try to pull theskin of her lips closed in a futile attempt to keep the next sharp painfulsquirt from oozing through and into her jeans. It didn’t work, and her crotch suddenly felt wet and warm.

The man moved his hands far enough upher legs, that he was now right next to the wet spot in her jeans. She blushed and though she wanted to push hishands away, she knew that it would just cause more trouble, so she tried tocooperate. The man felt her peed pants,which made her blush like all the blood in her body had just found her face.

“You’re peeing your pants,” the guardtold her.

“Yes, I know,” she whispered wishinghe hadn’t commented quite so loudly.

He nodded and continued, now pushingher hands out of the way so he could feel her crotch. It was so wet and warm, that he seemed toenjoy keeping his hand there a bit longer, before he moved it around some. This caused her body to release another jetof pee which was greeted by a smile on his face. She was doing it. She was peeing herself quite slowly. He continued to feel there for another coupleof squirts, and then felt around her bottom, poking his hand into the back ofher jeans, trying to feel the crack of her butt as more pee spread thatdirection.

Finally, though she was only halfwet, he used his wet hands to continue feeling up her sides, her stomach, andthen to her chest. He felt under hertits, causing them to lift up, but only through her shirt, her pee stillspilling down her pant legs now, and to the floor making a puddle. He moved his hands over her breast, andpushed them together, and then pulled them apart to see if anything was hiddenthere, and under her arms, and finally up her neck and his finger, wet with pee,poked itself into her mouth.

The salty wet taste of her own peemade her gag, but he moved his finger around her teeth and her tongue. The pee was now tapering off and justdribbling down her wet legs and on the floor. Then he moved his hand back down her sides, and coming to her pantsagain, he slowly felt her inside her legs, feeling the wet shame she hadproduced for herself.

“Alright, you are clear to go,” theman said.

Bridget, gathered her things, andstarted walking down the hall in saturated pants, her face crimson, and justmade the flight. The attendants foundher a plastic bag to sit on for the trip, or at least until she could changeonce the plane was in the air. She waslucky that she had an extra pair of panties in her bag. She would wear those and wrap her coat aroundher waist when she got off of the plane to hide her panties until she got toher parents’ house.

*002*2011-10-18 11:15

You will find that most of my wetting stories are about embarrassment more than arousal. That's just the way I write because it's cute to see a girl in that kind of situation. That's just me though.

