Taking 1 (one) short story request

Author: livingbylies

*000*2012-09-09 05:35

So, I figured it out (ish.) It's not that I get bored of stories if I work on them for too long... It's that I get bored of writing every week or so, for about a week, and abandon everything I am working on. So, instead of doing 'Taking a bunch of short story requests...'

Next person to post a story idea I like gets it written. (As a reminder, I am fond of F/F, diapers, messing, and bondage on top of the normal shtuffs, and I don't like M/M or fanfiction except for a select few books and games.) Then, if I get that done and want to write one more... I will post this again. And we will go from there.

*002*2012-09-09 06:02

Sorry, too cliche... In my last story request post, I have a longer list of likes and dislikes if you want to dig it up and read them. You can submit more ideas if you want, so go ahead!

*006*2012-09-10 02:50

Nonono! It's all too cliche... In case I didn't make it clear I am looking for unique, out-of-the box ideas...

As for games and books...I would only do fanfic for:

Books: Enders Game and stuff from that universe, and that's it for books...

Games: Mardek RPG, (if you have heard of it, kudos,) and, uh... Maybe Fallout, if you have a good enough idea...

*008*2012-09-10 03:16

No, though I guess... Well, maybe, it depends on your idea. I love sci-fi, so that gives Samus a rather advantage over most... But dont expect me to follow any canon.

*010*2012-09-10 03:25

And... Nah. Too open ended, I am looking for full arcs of story here. They dont have to be huge, but I need more than (character) X gets (adjective) by/at (noun) and you fill in the rest.

