Girl`s School - Page 4

*061*2015-11-05 23:45

Sorry it's taken so long, and that it's so short. I haven't been feeling terribly inspired lately. Hope you like it anyway! This one's got sexual content and corporal punishment.

—————

CHAPTER FIVE

Finally, Maddie was kissing her, her soft lips and velvety tongue enveloping Agnes’s, making her feel hot and cold. Her hands were roaming over Agnes’s body, brushing her nipples through her dress, and Agnes moaned. Agnes was sitting in her lap, back to Maddie’s front, Maddie’s arms around her, and Maddie pressed her lips to Agnes’s neck, just below her ear.

Agnes squirmed in Maddie’s arms. ‘I need to pee,’ she gasped. 

‘I know, sweetie. I can help you hold it.’ 

Maddie pulled up the skirt of Agnes’s dress, slipped her hand inside her panties, and Agnes threw her head back against her shoulder with a groan. Maddie’s fingers worked her, opened her up, made her feel things she had never felt before, and before she knew it she was coming so hard. But she still had to pee.

‘It’s okay,’ Maddie whispered, still touching her, and her other hand moved to Agnes’s abdomen, coming to rest over her swollen bladder, and pressed down. ‘You’ve been so good, baby girl. You can relax now. You can pee.’

So Agnes did. She voided her bladder, urine staining her panties and dress, and Maddie’s, too. And as Maddie’s fingers continued to tease her, she came again and again, until she was a shivering wreck.

‘Wake up, Agnes. Wake up!’

Agnes opened her eyes, just as her orgasm shook her and she whimpered loudly. She had her hand between her legs, inside her panties, and her bed was soaked. She blinked, the room swimming into focus, and her heart sank to somewhere near her liver.

The windows were dark, but the ceiling lights were lit. Two figures were looking down on her, their faces shrouded in shadow, but she knew them at once. One was Mary-Louise. The other was Mr. Portman.

Agnes pulled her hand out of her wet panties. The hand shook, and she tried to get control of her breathing. She felt cold, terrified. Something bad was about to happen to her. Something terrible.

‘Ah. You’re back with us,’ said Mr. Portman’s calm voice. ‘Get up, please.’

Agnes did as she was told, shaking all the while with fear and humiliation. Her eyes teared up, making the room around her blurry again, and she released a great sob.

‘Mary-Louise, please take the sheets and mattress off Agnes’s bed. Then you can let the other girls back in. You should all try to go back to sleep.’

‘Yes sir,’ said Mary-Louise with a curtsy. 

‘Agnes, come with me.’

She followed him, barefoot and still in her wet night clothes, down the corridor towards the exit, across the grounds and towards that last building, the Fifth House. Mr. Portman took out a heavy set of keys and unlocked the front door. He led her down a dimly lit corridor before stopping in front of a metal door, which he unlocked with another key. He gestured for Agnes to enter, and she did.

She found herself in a bare, concrete cell. In one corner lay a ratty looking blanket. High on the wall was a single, tiny barred window, and on the wall below it hung a metal cross. A bare bulb hung in the ceiling, illuminating the space with a dim, yellow light. Other than that, the room was empty. The concrete floor was stained, and though the cell had clearly been cleaned quite recently, underneath the sterile, soapy smell, there was an odour of fear and piss.

Mr. Portman stepped inside behind her and closed the door. ‘This is one of the Rooms. They are the school’s solitary confinement units.’

Agnes nodded. She knew what this was. Knew it from Maddie’s description. She shuddered.

‘Now, as to why you’re here. Tonight, you woke up your dorm mates. You were mumbling and moaning in your sleep, apparently speaking in tongues again. You had kicked off your covers and wet the bed, and you were touching yourself. Mary-Louise attempted to rouse you, but to no avail. So, she ushered the others out of the room and went to get me. We were finally able to wake you.’

Agnes looked at her feet, face burning with embarrassment and shame. Mr. Portman grabbed her chin and forced her face up to look at him. 

‘This is very serious, Agnes. The devil is in you, making you do things that are unnatural. He comes to you in your sleep, possessing your body. We have to drive him out.’ He let go of her chin and took a step back. ‘There is no such thing as female sexual pleasure, Agnes. If you’re enjoying it, that means it’s evil. It means that you have let the devil in. This is why masturbation is dangerous. And this is why I have to punish you. I have to make your body uninhabitable to the devil, and the only way to do that is with pain.’

A sob she didn’t know she’d been holding in wracked Agnes’s body, and she covered her face with her hands. ‘Please,’ she whimpered. ‘P-please, don’t! It . . . It was just a dream . . .’

‘What did you dream, Agnes?’ asked Mr. Portman quietly. ‘Tell me what you dreamed.’

Agnes shook her head, her heart hammering in her chest. ‘I-I don’t remember!’ she lied.

‘Lying to me won’t make things any better for you,’ Mr. Portman admonished.

‘I’m . . . I’m not,’ Agnes whispered, wiping her tears with the back of her hand and looked resolutely down on the floor. ‘I really don’t remember!’

Mr. Portman sighed. ‘So be it. Turn around, hands on the wall, and drop your panties.’

Having this happen again so soon momentarily overshadowed the horror of the prospect of being left in the Room after it was over. Agnes’s tears began to fall again. ‘Please, don’t . . .’ she whispered again, but she turned around all the same, walked the two steps over to the wall, pulled down her panties and splayed both hands on the wall. She gritted her teeth as she heard Mr. Portman remove his belt. Heard his footsteps on the floor. Smelled his aftershave. Then the belt came down on her bottom, and she whimpered.

He didn’t speak this time. Didn’t keep reminding her why he was doing this, didn’t tell her how he was right to do it. That somehow made it more chilling, more frightening. He just stuck her, silently, again and again, the only sounds the smack of leather on flesh, and Agnes’s sobs and whimpers echoing off the cold concrete walls. Finally, after what felt like forever, he stopped. He didn’t tell her that she could stand straight or pull her panties back on, so Agnes stayed as she was while he put his belt back on.

Finally, he said, ‘That’s enough for now. You are confined here until I deem it right to let you out. While you are here, you will see no one and no one will speak to you. Someone will bring you food. It will be pushed in through the hatch at the bottom of the door. When you are finished, you will replace the tray by the hatch so that it can be retrieved.’

Slowly, Agnes reached down to pull her panties back up, before turning around again to face him. She glanced around the room, and Maddie’s words echoed in her head. No toilet. No nothing.

‘Will I get a change of clothes?’ she asked at last, surprising herself with how steady her voice was, thought her throat felt sore after all her crying.

‘You will not. Once you are let out, you can shower and go to bed. While you are confined, you have only the things that are in this room. How you choose to handle other needs, is up to you.’ Mr. Portman reached out and cupped her cheek. She had to fight the urge to flinch away from his touch. ‘We are driving out the devil. Pain, discomfort, humiliation. That’s how we drive him out. Your soul will be stronger for it.’

Then he turned his back on her and left the room, closing and locking the door behind him. With a click, the light in the ceiling went out, plunging the cell into near total darkness. A sliver of light leaked in through the window, just enough for Agnes to locate the corner with the blanket. She didn’t try to lie down. Instead she pulled the blanket around her shoulders and sat down on the floor with her back to the wall, and waited for dawn.

—————

It was, she mused, rather lucky that she’d peed herself as violently as she had. It meant that her bladder was empty, and that she wouldn’t need to use the bathroom for a while. She had no idea how long she would be in there, though, and she was sure she’d need to pee again before her confinement ended. Judging by the smell, and the stains on the floor, this room had been urinated in many, many times before. 

Finding sleep was difficult on the hard concrete floor, but she managed to snooze on and off until daylight began to seep in through the window high on the wall. She felt exhausted, and miserable, and her damp night clothes clung to her skin. She wondered what time it was, how long she’d been in there.

A while later, when the sun was high enough that its rays hit the wall opposite the window, Agnes heard movement and voices outside in the hall. After a moment, the hatch at the bottom of the door was pulled open and a tray was pushed inside.

‘Who’s in there?’ said a voice Agnes instantly recognised. It was Maddie. The girls on their periods must be on their way to their classes. 

Agnes wanted to shout, ‘It’s me! I’m here!’ But she didn’t dare.

‘How should I know?’ another voice said. ‘I was just told to bring food.’ Then the hatch slammed shut, muffling the voices.

Agnes glanced at the tray. It contained a bowl of porridge and a glass of water. The idea of drinking that water, of filling her body with liquid it would later have to expel, was not especially appealing, but she supposed dehydration wasn’t much better, so in the end she drank the water in slow sips, though she couldn’t bring herself to eat the porridge. What were they going to do, punish her for it?

Some hours later, and it must have gone noon because the sun had risen too high to shine into her cell, she heard footsteps outside again. There was the muffled sound of voices, and then the footsteps seemed to move away from her again. A few seconds later, the hatch was opened.

‘Agnes? Is that you in there?’

Agnes had never been so glad to hear another human voice. After the hours of isolation, she wouldn’t have cared who it was, but it was Maddie, and that made her heart swell. 

‘Yes!’ she said, scooting closer to the door. ‘Yes, it’s me!’

‘I knew it,’ said Maddie. ‘What happened? Why are you in there? I thought they let you off the hook for covering for me . . .’

‘I had an accident,’ Agnes told her miserably. ‘Last night, I wet the bed, and . . .’ She didn’t want to finish, didn’t want anyone else to know the full extent of what had happened. Her face burned with embarrassment.

‘They don’t put you in solitary for just wetting the bed,’ said Maddie, and Agnes thought she could hear her frown. ‘What happened, Agnes? You can tell me, whatever it is.’

Agnes hesitated for a moment. Then she let out a shaky breath. ‘I was having a dream. About . . . About touching myself. In the dream I wet myself, and when I woke up I had wet the bed and I was . . . I was really touching myself. Mary-Louise had tried to wake me, but couldn’t, so she went and got Mr. Portman. They saw the whole thing.’

There was silence for a while before Maddie spoke. ‘Oh. Oh, wow. Honey, I’m so sorry.’

A freckled hand appeared through the hatch, and Agnes instinctively took it. Maddie’s touch was warm and gentle, and Agnes released a sob she hadn’t realised she’d been holding.

‘Oh, baby girl,’ said Maddie, squeezing her hand, ‘it’s gonna be okay, I promise! Everything will be okay. Don’t cry. When we’re both out of here, I’ll give you a big hug, okay?’

Agnes nodded, realised that Maddie couldn’t see her, and said, ‘Yeah. Thank you.’

‘No problem, sweetie.’

‘You should probably go. You’ll get in trouble if they find you here.’

‘I don’t really care.’

‘Well, I do. I don’t want you to get in any more trouble.’

Maddie chuckled softly. ‘Hey, trouble’s my middle name. Nothing either of us can do about that.’ She gave Agnes’s hand another squeeze and then let go. ‘See you soon, okay?’

‘Yeah. Take care!’

‘You’ll be out of there in no time, baby girl. Promise.’ Then she shut the hatch, and Agnes could hear her footsteps retreating.

Agnes scooted back to her corner, pulling the blanket tighter around her. She needed to pee again. She’d been needing to for a while now. She supposed she could just go squat in the corner. Then she realised that she was by herself, and that she had already peed her panties once today. Feeling inexplicably embarrassed, she pulled the ends of the blanket off the floor to keep it dry, and, letting out a breath, let go.

She shivered as her urine escaped her, soaking her mostly dried panties again. The warmth of it was somehow comforting. It calmed her, and presently she dozed off once more.

*066*2015-11-07 02:39
{{
That was very good I'm eager to read the next chapter
}}

I'll try to write it sooner rather than later, and hopefully make it a little longer too. :P Thank you!

{{ 
OMG.

Pleeeeeeeeeeease finish this.
}}

I can promise it will be finished. I can make no promises as to when, especially as I just adopted a couple of totes adorbs kittens who are a real handful. But finished it will be. Patience, Padawan. 

{{ 
Don't mind me, I'm just picking up the pieces of my soul. How do you put these things

together again?
}}

Aww! Here. *helps pick up pieces* Try superglue, possibly a couple of stitches. ;)
{{
Yay, an update! I literally check every day now in hopes of a new chapter, this story is so good!
}}

Aww, I wish I could update quicker for you guys! But the process happens when it happens, I guess... Thanks for your continued support! It makes me so happy! <3

*076*2015-11-19 19:02
{{ 
Damn

Agnes :'(
}}

I know! :'(

{{
Poor Agnes. I think she and Maddie are right in saying that Mr Portman is a sadist. It seems very true. He uses religion to hurt people. OH YEAH... Humans do that on a larger scale to! Terrorism, the Crusades, Spanish Inquisition, you name it, almost every religious organization has hurt someone before because of religion. It makes sense now. Someone wants to hurt another person because that other person is 'wrong' in the persons point of view, so the Crusades happen. :/
}}

Bad people will use any excuse to do bad things. That includes using people's beliefs against them, to control them or hurt them. It's much more impressive if you can say 'God thinks you're wrong' rather than just 'I think you're wrong.

{{
Religion is just only an outdated explanation of the world's existence. Why we still practise thing that hurts and slaves people?
}}

Religion still has a place in society. I'm personally areligious, but I was raised a Christian, and I didn't stop practicing because of any moral failing of my church, but simply because I found I didn't believe in what they were telling me anymore. 

{{
I'm really enjoying this. :) Am patiently awaiting the next chapter.
}}

It will be up... sometime. :P Seriously, kittens are hard work!

{{
I really love this story and just want Maddie and Agnes to escape. Can't wait for the next chapter!
}}

Glad you like it! :)

{{
As a happy ending,I'd love it if the school was shut down,and that bastard Portman going to jail.
}}

Well, I do have plans, so I guess you'll just have to wait and see what happens. :P

{{
Because it does more than "hurts and slaves people." The ones who use it to hurt or slave are not truly doing it for religious reasons, more for Ulterior motives and just use religion as a scapegoat. Sure a small number may truly do those things believing that is what God wants, but it is a very small number and, personally, I was raised in a church that taught to love and help our fellow man.
}}

I'd like to make it clear that this story is in no way a thinly veiled attack on all religious institutions. Rather, it's a story about human nature and how some people will use people's beliefs to gain power over them. Maybe Portman believes his own bullshit. Maybe he doesn't. Either way, he's using religion and his own interpretation of the Bible to harm young girls. That's not the fault of the Bible. The Bible's just his tool, he's the one wielding it.
Edited November 19, 2015 by ThornWild (see edit history)

*079*2015-12-23 04:33
{{
Soooooo not to be senór Mcpushy but when can we expect an update? I really wanna know what happens next.
}}

So sorry about the lack of updates! I had a bit of a depression relapse a few weeks ago, so finding my creativity has been hard, and I haven't really felt inspired to work on this story so much. I honestly don't know when I'll update, but I haven't abandoned the story completely. I just need to muster up the energy and the willpower to work on it.

*084*2015-12-25 00:18
{{
This by far is one of the most elaborate and beautiful fictions I've ever read. Not only the theme is so intricate for me, but your skill with words is absolutely mesmerizing. Let's just hope you will soon get back in the mood.
}}

OMG, thank you so much for that! That is high praise indeed, and it means a lot to me. Thank you! <3

