Hermione the potion master - Page 3

Author: ola93

*053*2018-06-01 05:03

{{8 hours ago, EmmieChu said:

I love this fic! I can't wait for more!

Also, is she going to have an accident at all?

}}

I don't really like the idea of having her reputation ruined completely, so probably not in front of anyone but her best friends. This could definitely happen 'though, but I'm more into desperation then wetting so a full blown accident will probably only happen if someone writes a nice suggestion leading to it. On the other hand, leaking enough for it to be visible will definitely happen, if it hasn't already. Hasn't it? I don't think I remember everything that well.

On another note, I'll likely have the next chapter out today or tomorrow. Sorry about the delay.

*054*2018-06-24 21:50

I can't believe it's been a month and a half, but here is the next chapter.

CHAPTER 10

When she entered the common room, Hermione was happy to see Ginny there, and no one else. She greeted her and – deciding peeing could safely wait somewhat longer now that she was so close to a toilet – sat down beside her. “So how was your day,” Hermione asked.

“I thought potions was great with us finally being allowed to actually experiment, but I haven't really thought of anything I'd like to make yet, so I'll have to look into that on my free morning tomorrow and that bothers me,” Ginny replied. “Transfiguration wasn't too interesting, but I think you'll agree on that. Then there was the side effect of that potions Snape made us take off course...”

“Speaking of which,” Hermione interrupted, “sorry for the blunt question but how's your nipple?” Speaking of the potion reminded her of the fact that her bladder had been requesting to be emptied for well over two hours and she subtly squirmed in her chair to maintain control.

“Trying to tear apart my bra and all the paper I stuffed in it to hide it, but luckily, unsuccessfully so far,” Ginny replied, smiling. “To be honest the effect of the paper pushing my boobs up was fun for a day ‘though,” she added. “I don't think I've passed a single boy who didn't stare at them.”

“How about your bladder, if you don't mind me asking?”

“Ugh, horrific,” Hermione complained. “Ever since it suddenly shrank during transfiguration it hasn't regrown a bit yet. Worse even, whatever I drink is getting to my bladder instantaneously. I've been hurrying to bathrooms all day since the side effects of that potion started. I found that I'm producing pee so fast now, that drinking on or in front of the toilet works best. I have to admit I've been holding it for two hours, but even the one, single drink I had after the last time I peed makes me need to go.”

END OF CHAPTER 10

How does Ginny respond to Hermione's confession? Does she have a story of her own to tell and will she try to change the subject? Does it maybe make her realise she too has to pee? Does she secretely like the idea of Hermione holding her pee? If so, does she act on the fantasy now and how? Does she just tell Hermione to go relieve herself?

Should Hermione help Ginny find a project for their postion's class after their current conversation? Or maybe the next morning?

Will anything interesting happen during the night?

*057*2018-07-02 20:31

Here it is guys, the next chapter you have hopefully been waiting for. I tried to incorporate all your ideas into it while avoiding to get too far from what I like writing about and feel like I can write well, so I hope you'll like it.

CHAPTER 11

Hermione's confession made Ginny feel multiple things at once. First of all, she felt that she too, could actually do with a pee sometime soon. Secondly, to her surprise, she felt a subtle excited tingling in her private parts. She instinctively decided to try and see where she could take the situation from here and – blushing increasingly - told Hermione:

“I gotta go a bit too, but do you remember our trip back here this year? I felt I needed to pee then. I felt a slight twinge when we just left. That's why I left you for a minute then, but I found the toilet broken due to some first years' prank, once again. By the time we left Hogwarts, I had a hard time keeping still and not making it obvious I needed to pee. I was late for the feast because I really had to dash to the loo right away when we got off the carriages. What you can't have noticed ‘though, is just how awesome the pee I had back then felt. Really, I've never felt anything like taking a so badly needed pee.”

After hesitating for a moment, she added: “Hermione, I really need your help to find a subject for my potion's project but I'm also really desperate for some... fun. Would you... help me without any of us visting the loo first?”

Hermione, also hesitated a bit before she replied, but she remembered how great the relief of her desperate pee that morning and the various once since she had taken the potion had felt. Ginny's request had also left her feeling slightly aroused, so she decided this could only be a fun game to play with her best female friend and replied: “Okay, you're on, but I'm the once with a shrunken bladder and I don't need to go ‘a bit', so I can't drink anything and you'll have to drink plenty to make us even.” She squirmed to support her point.

“Fair enough,” Ginny replied. She got up and soon returned with some books she had gotten from the library and a bottle of pumpkin juice. As she drank a big gulp, Hermione's bladder protested at the sight and she crossed her legs as casually as she could without it being a completely useless move.

She was glad her bladder – although more tired – did not feel any fuller then before and reasoned that as her potion made her process whatever she drank immediately, the probably was not much fluid left in her system to be processed when she did not drink anything more. She was very relieved to conclude she would not have to apply any of the precautions against wetting her bed she had been thinking about after her last bathroom visit.

The girls spent the next hour studying and Ginny was very glad when Hermione finally came up with a suggestion she liked and she thought she would be able to make a success out of. “I'm not sure how much longer I can hold it,” she admitted as she put her books away, squirming constantly.

“Me neither,” Hermione moaned as she fought back a strong urge for the third time that minute with a hand pressing her skirt against her crotch. “Others will come in to go to bed soon too. When should we...”. Just as Hermione wanted to say ‘go' her bladder interrupted her with what felt like it was a final warning. She gasped and jammed her hands in her crotch, in time to stop a waterfall, but too late to stop a big spurt from soaking her underwear and creating a baseball size wet spot on her skirt where she had been pushing it against her body.

“NeverMindIGottaRun,” she muttered, dashing up the stairs to the girls' dormitory, followed closely by an almost equally desperate but still dry Ginny. Or at least she had not let any pee out...

Both girls released huge gushers and when – long after Hermione – Ginny finally finished peeing, they burst into laughter. When she had caught her breath, Hermione whispered: “Ginny, thanks for this idea. We should do this again sometime when my bladder is back at full capacity.” In her mind, she added they might also have to find a better way to end it as her clit throbbed as strong as her bladder had been doing just before and she longed to have something done about that.

“Right now ‘though,” she added, “I could do with some dry clothes to walk out in. Could you get me a skirt and panties?” Ginny quickly obliged and soon returned to hand Hermione a skirt and the sexiest of her underwear she had been able to find. “I figured you felt naughty,” she giggled. Hermione quickly got redressed and dumped her wet clothes in the washing bin.

In the dorm room, Hermione noticed no one was there yet and she made a quick show of dressing down to the underwear Ginny had gotten for her in front of the girl, before they both got into their beds. Hermione cast a silencing spell over herself before her hands disappeared under her covers just as the other girls of the house filed in.

The next morning, Hermione was surprised not to be waken up by an alarm spell, nor by a wet, nor by her bursting bladder, although she felt like she had been about to be woken by the and quickly squeezed her thighs together to control the strong morning urge comming from her shrunken bladder. However, she was woken up by Fay whispering into her ear. “Hermione, quick! I need your help! McGonagall can wake up the others any moment but that stupid potion made me wet myself!”

Hermione could not suppress a smile, but she was always there for her housemates and quickly sent the covers of Fay's bed to the washing bin, and bewitched a mop to clean the plastic protector that was on her and every student's mattress.

“Now go take a shower, change and make the bed later, it will just look like you got up early and decided to have your sheets washed today.” In her mind, she added “and I need you to leave me alone so I can get up without showing you this sexy and now sticky underwear and get to the loo before I piss myself too.”

Just then, McGonagall’s alarm spell went off and as soon as Fay turned around, Hermione jumped up and shot into a skirt. She did not really care that this made her lose a dribble of a pee as her underwear was still damp from... previous events anyway.

She silently thanked Fay for having her make it to the loo before a line was formed and enjoyed a relieving morning pee before taking a much needed shower, getting dressed and getting to great hall for breakfast.

END OF CHAPTER 11

Next up is breakfast. Do you have anything to mention about that?

Afterwards, Hermione has her free morning for studying for her potions project (she did not have the free afternoon as she had a self-transfiguration class, the studying she did after was in her free time). I have an idea of where this she could on the long run (which was the inspiration to start this story), but suggestions are welcome.

The rest of this story will still be about Hermione and potion she will brew, but off course others will be seen regularly. Therefore, feel free to make suggestions about Ginny's project. I haven't thought of a single idea for that myself yet.

Will Hermione get back to the library? Or is she ready to spend the morning in Snape's classroom to do some experiments based on her earlier notes? Note that this afternoon has the nect potions class scheduled.

*060*2018-07-03 21:00

{{2 hours ago, Tali'zorah said:

Fantastic chapter. Just confused. Not sure if Ginny and Hermione pissed themself or got to the toilet on time. I feel like Hermione should spend more time with Ginny, and bring Luna into the story. Also, they should have potions class again, but maybe swap the side effects Hermione and Ginny get.

Along with that can Hermione and Ginny please have a holding contest with the intent that neither of them make it to the restroom in time.

Again, fantastic story, keep up the good work!

}}

I can see how I confused you and I'll try to avoid that in the next chapter. Thanks for pointing that out to me.

Hermione lost a lot of pee with the big spurt, but finished peeing in the toilet. Ginny made it completely dry, at least as far as Hermione and we know. Who knows, she may admit her panties weren't completely dry later in the story, but if she lost any pee, we haven't noticed it.

I like your suggestion of introducing Luna into the story. Obviously, she can't be with them in the Griffindor tower, but I think I'll have them share a class with Hermione soon.

They will have a second potions class after lunch. This morning 'though, they have time to study for their potions projects by themselves. As Snape stated during the first class 'though, they can go to the classroom to run experiments whenever they want to during this advanced course, so the question is whether Hermione will spend the morning in the library to read more, or get to the potions classroom (without it being an official class) to run experiments.

I don't really feel like having the girls brew the same potion again immediatly, but there will definitely be more brewing with more side effects and I'll make sure to incorporate this suggestion by having Ginny's bladder affected and having Hermione affected in a sexual way next time.

I feel like Hermione wouldn't like the idea of risking being caught in wet clothes, so a holding contest resulting in wetting should either be held somewhere private or would need Hermione to be unable to go somehow, when she admits defeated and tries to go before it's too late. Maybe you've got any suggestions for Ginny on how she could organize this?

*063*2018-08-02 21:51

{{1 hour ago, peepeepants said:

Did the story end? I really loved it

}}

Most certainly not. I just tend to get busy with my real life every once in a while and don't really feel like writing then. However, my vacation will start soon and then I'll be back to writing in no time. You'll just need to be a little more patient for the next chapter. It won't be much longer now and I expect to write much more frequent at least for the few weeks my holiday consists of then.

*064*2018-08-18 21:49

At long last, here it is:

CHAPTER 12

In the great hall, Hermione didn't see her friends yet and just sat down with some empty chairs around her, which were filled by Harry, Ron and Ginny when they came in soon after. Seeing Ginny's breast pushed up to the point of almost bursting out of her top reminded Hermione of their predicaments and she realised that she couldn't drink her normal two big glasses of pumpkin juice with breakfast that morning if she wanted to make it out of the hall dry afterwards. She decided she would have to deal with one glass and hopefully Ginny's breast would keep the boys distracted enough not to notice she wouldn't get a refill.

Like most mornings, they discussed their schedules for the day and it turned out they all had a more or less free morning before their potion's class. Harry and Ron would go to a Quidditch training and Ginny wanted to accompany Hermione to the library to finish her own report on the potion she was planning to try to brew.

When Harry and Ron got up from the table after breakfast, Hermione wanted to follow their example, but Ginny quickly asked her to stay back a moment longer. “I figured you'd have a large drink at breakfast and thought we could make our studying a bit more interesting again,” Ginny said as soon as no one was within earshot anymore. “So I decided not to pee when I got up this morning. Can I convince you to come with me to the library without going to the loo first?”

Hermione replied: “If my estimations are correct that drink filled me up to about three quarters of my limit and I do really need to go, Gin, but as long as you keep in your morning pee, I think I'll try. After all, yesterday was fun.”

Ginny smiled and the girls quickly got to the library, where Ginny started looking for some books that could contain more information for her project and Hermione started by writing down everything she had found already in her report. Both girls where crossing their legs more often than normally and at some point Ginny had to give her crotch a quick squeeze when she had to bent down to reach for a book. Luckily, the library was always deserted in the morning and they were only watching eachother.

They finished almost at the same time and when Ginny sat down to write her report, Hermione got up to try to find more information on what temperature, movements and magical presences could help her brew the perfect polyjuice potion.

“Gin, I don't think I can wait much longer,” Hermione muttered under her breath when gravity appeared to be trying to pull her pee out of her. She had a strained look on her face and was bobbing up and down in a tell-tale way with her thighs squeezed together. “Me neither,” Ginny agreed as she shove a hand beneath her desk to help her hold on. “My bladder is still getting fuller, you know,” she complained.

Just then Luna walked in. The girls quickly tried to look as calm as possible, but Luna's eyes got wide when she saw the girls and she hurried towards them. “N-nargels,” she said shocked, “I have never seen so many around anyone's... abdomen and... below... Except for when it came to myself.” Realizing how her last words could be interpreted, she blushed fiercely and quickly left the other girls alone.

“That was weird,” Hermione commented as she pulled her waistband away from her bladder, dancing on her spot to get her bladder back in check after having had to hide her desperation in front of Luna. “Do you think nargels a real? And they somehow sense we need to *groan* pee?”

“Apparently,” Ginny replied, wiggling around like mad now too, “and apparently she's been desperate to pee herself at least a few times too, considering she recognized what attracted the nargles and said she had seen them around her own body.”

Hermione considered Ginny's analysis for a moment before replying: “Maybe we should invite her when my bladder has recovered and we can plan a real holding contest.”

“Great i- aaahhh!” Before Ginny could finish her reply, she suddenly bent double, pressing two hands between her legs. When the wave of urgency had passed, she carefully removed her hands and muttered: “Gotta go”.

Hermione quickly followed Ginny out, grabbing her bag on the way as she had an idea. When Ginny opened a stall door, Hermione asked: “Can I come in?” Ginny giggled and nodded, almost running on her spot in front of the toilet now. Hermione quickly entered the stall and closed the door, just in time to see Ginny tear down her obviously wet and now partly see-through white lace thong, almost jump and the toilet and let a gusher burst out of her pussy.

Hermione felt her clit and bladder throb together as she watched her friend release her pee, she almost lost it, but managed to let out no more than a little dribble and spare the rest for the show she had planned. When Ginny stopped peeing about a minute later, Hermione didn't even give her time to squeeze out any last spurts, not to speak about wiping, pulled her on her feet and fell down on the toilet herself after pulling down her skirt and thong in one swift motion.

Squeezing her peehole shut with her hand and her last willpower, Hermione grabbed a bottle of pumpkin juice from her bag and said: “Watch this”, before starting to down it. Immediately, pee started erupting from her pussy, but Hermione continued to drink too, until she had finished the two bottles of pumpkin juice that had still been in her bag. Afterwards, it took her 15 seconds more to finish peeing.

When she was finally done, Hermione sighed in pure bliss, despite the fact her clit was still throbbing. Looking her friend in the eyes, she moved her hand towards Ginny's pussy and started playing with her clit. Groaning, Ginny followed the example and it wasn't long before both girls came and fell into eachother's arms.

When both girls had recovered their senses, they quickly cleaned up and got dressed again and hurried back to the library. Hermione found one more clue for her project that afternoon: a magical presence that could have a related effect, tended to help to make a potion have a specific effect. Thinking about the spell the practiced the day before, she realized her own body or her wand could be such a presence in this case. She quickly added this to her report and finished right at the same time as Ginny, although Hermione's report was, off course, much longer.

“You know what,” Ginny whispered as they walked out of the library. “You never let me finish peeing after you pulled me off the toilet.”

END OF CHAPTER 12

Suggestions for a potion to brew for Ginny are still welcome.

Furtherome an important question now is whether Hermione should let Ginny go pee before lunch.

Will the girls talk to Luna already to discuss their analysis of her words and their plans?

Does anything special happen during lunch?

*067*2018-08-22 22:28

Luckily, I got another reply though another channel and I think I managed to make good use of both. This took me quite a while to write and is also quite a bit longer than previous chapters, so I hope you'll enjoy. Feedback is appreciated, as are answers to the next questions at the end of this chapter.

CHAPTER 13

“Off course I know,” Hermione giggled, “nor am I planning to let you go finish before lunch.”

Ginny's bladder twitched angrily at that thought, but she smiled and said: “Then you are gonna drink a sip of my pumpkin juice on top of your own glass this time and hold that until your bladder expands after lunch.” Hermione looked a bit nervous, but nodded.

When they entered the great hall, Hermione followed Ginny to where Ron and Harry were sitting, but just before Ginny would have sat down, she said: “Hey boys, we're gonna sit with Luna today, we've got something to discuss. See you at dinner.” She dragged Ginny along towards where Luna was sitting and whispered: “Let's see if she can see how badly that bit of pee you're still holding finally wants to come out and if we can plan our little contest and invite Luna for it too.”

Ginny was really struggling to keep the remainder of her long held pee in by now. Her bladder wasn't too full anymore, but it was irritated from her long hold and kept contracting, forcing her to have to clamp her tired sphincters shut over and over again. She loved Hermione's plan however and allowed her friend to drag her to where Luna was sitting, despite how stiff she had to walk to avoid leaking.

“Hey Luna,” Hermione said cheerful when she and Ginny sat down across the table from Luna. “Hi girls,” Luna replied politely, while feeling excited by the fact the other girls suddenly joined her after their earlier meeting.

“We've been thinking about what you said in the library and wondered if you could tell us something more about nargels,” Hermione explained while they all found the food and drinks they liked.

“Off course I can,” Luna giggled excitedly. She always loved talking about fascinating creatures like nargels, but secretly she hoped there was more behind the question. “Nargels are fascinating little creatures. They are invisible to most other species, but bewitched glasses like mine can detect their presence and make them visible. Nargels themselves work a bit similarly, in fact. They can detect invisible things and respond to them. More specifically, they tend to react to things other species around them would be interested in, but can't see. Therefore, when you can see them, nargels say something about things that interest you or people around you, that you can't see.”

“So when you saw nargels around ‘our abdomens and below’, as you put it,” Ginny blurted out, “what do you think it meant?”

Luna blushed, but gladly explained: “It meant something invisible that would have interested at least one of the present people – the three of us – if she would have been able to see it, was going on in your abdomens and below. The lowest groups of nargels were circling around a quite specific area of your bodies, your clits. Given that I'm – as you know – lesbian, I don't think that could have meant anything else than that you were both really turned on.”

All three of the girls were blushing furiously now, but they all knew this had to be said and Luna continued: “The larger, higher groups of nargels were circling around your pelvises and lower abdomens.”

Luna hesitated for a moment, but seeing nargels fly the same pattern around Ginny right then, she added: “I told you before I had only seen that many of them do that around my own body before, which was when I... needed to pee really badly. Which makes sense as I quite like to know when girls need to pee. So unless one of you has other interests focussing on clits and bladder areas, I'd say you were both really turned on and desperate to pee.”

Luna paused, somewhat expecting the others to rush away embarrassed, but when they didn't, she added: “In fact, I’d say all three of us are quite turned on by now, Ginny is almost about to pee herself and Hermione's bladder is filling with every sip she drinks.”

“At least everything regarding me is true,” Ginny thought, squeezing her crotch through her skirt and barely managing to keep her underwear free of pee.

“You're right, Luna,” she said. “We were and I am now bursting to pee and really horny. In f-fact, we were holding our pee because it arouses us so much.” She stuttered as some pee dribbled into her panties. She was losing control fast and she knew it, but finishing this conversation was more important than making it to a bathroom in time.

“In fact,” Hermione said, encouraged by her spiking arousal at the sight of Ginny’s desperation, “we were going to plan a holding contest to enjoy our mutual interest and wanted to invite you.

“I'd love to-“ Luna started replying before she was interrupted by a spattering sound. She reacted quickly and put a notice-me-not charm around the three of them as Ginny wet herself, just in time to avoid attracting attention to her.

“I couldn't hold it anymore,” Ginny giggled embarrassed but also clearly aroused.

“Tomorrow is Hogsmeade-night and everyone will be gone,” Hermione quickly said. Come to the fat lady’s portrait right after dinner and we'll let you in to have some fun in our common room.”

Hermione quickly gulped down her pumpkin juice and then the last sip of Ginny's as promised. The quick filling of her bladder this resulted in, made her bladder contract fiercely and both her hands shot under her skirt to stop a leak from turning into a river.

When her bladder calmed down a bit and she was feeling minutes away from peeing herself instead of seconds, she quickly used a spell to dry the floor and signalled to Ginny to come with her, leaving the great hall before the impressions of their actions would surpass the power of Luna's spell and people would start noticing Ginny's wet skirt, smell pee or see that Hermione was walking with a hand up her skirt.

In Gryffindor's common room, Hermione dragged Ginny into a stall in the ladies' room, hiked up her skirt, exposing her soaked thong just as a torrent of pee shot through it. With her underwear wet already and out of time she dropped onto the toilet with her thong still on and... suddenly stopped peeing.

For a moment Hermione looked at Ginny dumbfounded, than she burst out laughing. The side effects of the celerolectioserum had worn off at almost the perfect moment and just when she was finally sitting on a toilet, her bladder had expanded back to its original size and her need to pee had disappeared.

“That's it,” she giggled, “my celerolectioserum has worn off and my need to pee just disappeared.” Looking at Ginny innocently, she asked: “Can I push it out and go to potion's empty or should I hold it?”

“After I peed myself in the great hall,” Ginny asked. “Don't even think about it, you can hold it.”

“I can't,” Hermione playfully protested, “I don't have an urge to go so there's nothing to hold!”

The girls hurried into the dorm room and finding they were alone, Hermione made a show of removing her skirt – which had a damp spot on it where she had been holding herself – and thong. Ginny followed the example and removed her own skirt and thong.

Hermione walked close to Ginny and whispered into her ear: “Now let me see how that nipple of yours is doing.” She quickly removed Ginny's robe followed by her blouse and finally unclasped her bra, allowing it to slide off together with all the stuffed in toilet paper. She gently massaged her friend's nipples for a moment, making her moan quietly, and then giggled and stated: “Feels like you're back to normal again too.”

Glancing at the clock, Hermione suddenly said: “We're gonna be late for potions if we don't hurry.”

Quickly, both girls put on clean panties and a clean skirt and – after removing the toilet paper – Ginny put her bra, blouse and robe back on. Then, they hurried to the dungeons.

The girls entered the classroom, handed in their reports on professor Snape's desk and sat down. Hermione felt slightly nervous. Her bladder had probably been far from empty but not full enough to make her feel an urge to pee at the start of a long class many times before, but she never knew and now she did know as she had been losing control when her bladder grew and she hadn't peed since. Besides that, her clit was burning, begging for attention after all the arousing events of that morning.

“Today's class,” Snape explained, “will consist of three parts. During the first two hours of this class you will be working on brewing a basic potion that is most like the one you are going to try to create during this course, or if you are creating an improved version of an existing potion, you will create the original potion, which I will adapt to ensure it can be tried safely and it can be brewed within two hours.”

“Next, you will have an hour to discuss your findings with a classmate, exchange ideas and go to the library for more research if you need to. During the last hour of this class, you can discuss your ideas with a second classmate, but you are to stay in this room as I will call you to my desk one by one to discuss your reports with me.”

Snape quickly scanned through the reports and handed everyone a recipe for the potion they were to brew. For her creation of a perfect polyjuice potion, Hermione would off course have had to brew a polyjuice potion, but the brewing thereof would have taken a month, not hours. Snape thus handed her a recipe for partial polyjuice potion, a potion which effects last no longer then an hour and which changes only one part of one's body into that part of someone else's.

As a quidditch lover, Ginny had been looking for a potion that could enable to temporarily fly without a broom. After finding out only dark wizards could do this without any artificial help and talking to Hermione, she had settled on trying to create a potion that could give her wings.

Off course, an ordinary polyjuice potion wouldn't do this, as this could only be used to transform into another human. She had based her theoretical proof on the fact a potion like this could be based on another potion: organitinerosum, a not very useful and thus rarely used, but easy to brew potion that could temporarily move an organ to another place within the body that contained it.

Her plan was to base a potion on this that would temporarily reshape her body's contents to use some less space and use the leftover skin to connect her arms to the sides of her torso so that it would serve as wings when she spread her arms.

Snape had warned Ginny not to jump out of one of Hogwarts’ towers if she would succeed, but had approved this plan and handed her a recipe for organiterosum.

The girls read the recipes and quickly started brewing their potions. While they worked, Hermione said: “So, using this potion, I can transorm any specific part of my body no bigger than my head into the comparable part of someone else's body for an hour. All I’ll need is a hair comming from that part of that person's body. Should I just go for my head or do you think this could be more... fun?”

“I could, for example, try to get a penis, but I'd need a boy's pubic hair for that. Off course, another girl's vulva or even boobs could be at least as much fun,” she added, blushing as she thought about the possibilities.

“I'm not sure yet, but how about my potion? I just need to pronounce the name of the organ I want to move right before drinking the potion , including a hair comming from the part of my body where I want it to go. Off course I could do something lame and unnoticable as moving my lungs to my legs, but I thought moving my bladder could be more fun. Whereto should I move it ‘though?”

QUESTIONS FOR CHAPTER 14

- What part of who's body should Hermione try to obtain?

- How should she obtain the necessary hair?

- Whereto should Ginny try to move her bladder? Note that any connection will magically be kept in tact, so while moving it, the bladder will remain connected to the ureters and urethra like normally and will keep being filled and void into the urethral opening in the vulva.

*069*2018-08-24 22:09

CHAPTER 14

“After what the last potion did to my bladder, I think you should set your bladder a challenge,” Hermione replied. “How about you try moving it to one of your buttocks, so there will be some extra pressure on it a lot of the time?”

“Sound like fun,” Ginny said with a naughty smile. “You should do something fun and a bit hard too then ‘though. How about you try carrying around my assets for a day, she suggested, motioning towards her ample bust.

“That's a deal,” Hermione laughed. “So I guess well need a hair from your bottom and one for your boobs then.”

“Yeah, I can't really obtain those in the middle of the classroom ‘though,” Ginny replied blushing. She raised her hand and when she caught Snape's attention, she asked if they could be excused to obtain the last ingredient for their potions.

Having handed out the recipes himself, Snape understood they had to get hairs from somewhere on her body, and he allowed them to leave, only just able to supress a curious smile.

Hermione quickly followed Ginny into a stall in the nearest girls' room where she gladly helped her friend take off her robe, blouse, skirt, bra and finally her panties, leaving her in just her shoes.

When she let her eyes slip from Ginny’s body for a moment, her mind suddenly seemed to register where she was and she became aware of a slight need to pee. She playfully crossed her legs and asked: “Ginny, can I go pee?”

“With me about to move my bladder to my bottom,” Ginny laughed, “don’t even think about it. If I can hold it, so can you. Now get your pincet and get these hairs we need, before I make up my mind and do it myself.”

Happy with the excuse to touch Ginny's chest and bottom, Hermione quickly obliged and before long the girls were on their way back to the classroom.

They both quickly added the last ingredients they brought to their potions and raised there hands to signal for Snape to come and check if they were safe to drink.

“You seem to have done well,” Snape quickly conclude. “I must inform you that while these potions do not have any mentionable side effects, their intended effects may make life a bit uncomfortable for the next 24 hours if you make poor choices, but that should be obvious.”

When Snape walked away, Hermione mentioned: “The recipe made me brew a lot of this stuff and it clearly states I need to drink all of it. It seems like there is about a liter in there ‘though.” Whispering, she added: “I guess you get where that will be going during the second half of this class.”

“Yeah, hehe,” Ginny replied. “Luckily I only need to drink one large glass, although that still kinda worries me if I'll really be sitting on my bladder for the next two hours without any reasonable option to go relieve it.”

“Bottoms up,” Hermione cheered before downing her potion, followed immediatly by Ginny. Barely a second after she gulped down the last bit of the potion, Hermioned felt a tension in her breast. A bit like when she was about to start her period. Then, she felt her breast were getting heavier and her bra cups were becomming thighter. Finally, the tension subsided again and when she thought the transformation was over, she turned to Ginny, about to ask her if she could borrow a bra, as hers was now clearly too small.

Ginny, however, looked tense and was clearly still undergoing her transformation. When she had finished drinking, she had felt nothing at first, but after a couple of seconds she felt her skirt become tighter at her left hip and had to squeeze her legs together to battle a sudden, sharp urge to pee. She realized her bladder was actually, physically moving to its new location and soon the urge to pee subsided again while she felt the tension move to her left lower back, where her waistband was a bit looser. Finally, the feeling moved to her left buttock and then completely subsided again.

When Ginny looked relaxed again, Hermione asked: “Uhm, Ginny, could I borrow a bra of yours? This doesn't really fit.” She motioned towards her boobs pushing against the fabric of her bra and spilling over the top of the cups. “H-how are you anyway,” she quickly added, realizing it would have been nicer if she had asked the second question first.

“I'm fine now,” Ginny replied, laughing off Hermione's slight rudeness. “Let's go get you a better fitting bra.” She raised her hands and asked Snape if they could go change as their clothes were not fitting properly anymore after their transformation. He decided to allow this and the girls set off towards the girls dorm room in the Griffyndor tower.

Soon, they reached the stairs and Hermione discovered the first struggle of having bigger boobs. Every step hurt a bit as her current bra didn't do much tok support her breast and soon she was holding her breast in place with her hands, hoping only Ginny would see.

Soon, they made it to the dorm room, unseen, luckily for Hermione. As soon as she had made sure they were alone, Hermione walked up to Ginny who was bent over her underwear drawer and squeezed her ass, or more specifically, her left buttock. Ginny gasped loudly and clamped her legs together. When her sudden urge to pee subside again, she stood up and giggled: “You'd better not do that when I actually need to pee. That was intense.”

Then, Ginny took off Hermione's robe, blouse and bra and took a moment to admire her breast, or her own breast, technically. “They look good on you,” she giggled before handing Hermione a simple white bra.

While Hermione got dressed again, Ginny took off her skirt and changed it for a higher waisted one. “The waistband was digging into my bladder already and I barely need to pee yet,” she laughed.

“Do we have time to go pee,” Ginny asked when they were both dressed again. “I'm kinda scared to sit down even this mild urge to pee I'm feeling.”

“I could do with a pee too by now,” Hermione agreed, “but I'm afraid our research time will start in five minutes and Snape will probably kill us if we aren't back before he tells the class brewing time is over.”

The girls went back to their classroom in the dungeons and Hermione was glad to find Ginny's bra did a much better job at holding her boobs steady. They arrived just when Snape requested everyone to sit down with the person they wanted to discuss and research their plans with.

Obviously, Hermione and Ginny each wanted to see how the other would handle her filling bladder and they stuck together. Hermione quickly sat down beside an empty desk. Ginny stood beside that desk hesitating for a moment and then carefully sat down.

The moment Ginny's bottom touched the chair, she felt a slight twinge in her bladder. When she realky sat down and rested her weight on it, the feeling intensified to a not desperate, but certainly strong urge to pee. Ginny moaned quietly and crossed her legs in response. Hermione smiled when she noticed this. She herself had also crossed her legs a bit tighter than she normally would, attempting to be be able to forget about her own rapidly filling bladder for a moment more.

“For the next hour, you are to discuss your plans with the classmate of your choice,” Snape said. “Value any idea as a good one, but show some criticism when it comes to the means by which your partner plans to reach his goals. Reason about them tgether and try to make a up a plan for a first try at reaching your goal. I expect you to make a first attempt to brew your potion during tomorrow's class at the latest and I expect a report on this attempt no later than at the start of thurseday's class.”

“You are allowed to visit the library for the next hour. No dwelling in the hallways and no visiting your house's common room or even a bathroom ‘though. If I catch you anywhere other than in my classroom, in the library or on your way directly from one to the other without my explicit permission, I will take it that you cannot handle the freedom I give you in this course and I will not hesitate to kick you out. Start working!”

Ginny felt slightly worried when Snape explicitely mentioned they couldn't deffer from the route towards the library even for a quick bathroom visit. She wasn't sure she would be able to ignore the strong signals her bladder was sending for two hours.

Hermione also worried about her filling bladder for a moment. The large potion she drank was making her bladder fill fast and although her need to pee was still managable, she didn't think that would still be the case in two hours. She decided to worry about that later ‘though and asked Ginny:

“So, moving an organ seems to be working fine. Next, you seem to need to be able to move skin. Have you thought about how to do that?”

Ginny explained what things she was planning to change to do this and Hermione nodded in agreement as she talked. “I think you’ve got that covered,” she replied, uncrossing and recrossing her legs while she did. “So how do you plan to move multiple organs and skin all together in the right order?”

“I think I'll just need to take multiple potions in the right order,” Ginny replied tensing up as her bladder once again protested against the pressure applied to it from the inside and the outside. She carefully avoided squirming in her chair as she had previously experienced it only made matters worse.

“So how you figured out what things can and should be moved in what order,” Hermione continued her questioning.

“I haven't,” Ginny replied, “I know nothing about human anatomy. I was hoping madam Pomfrey could help with that.

“There's muggle books on anatomy in the library,” Hermione said, “let's have a look at those first this afternoon so you won't be asking madam Pomfrey questions to which the answers are obvious.”

“All right then, good idea,” Ginny agreed. “So, onto your plans then.” In her mind, Ginny added “quickly!” to that last statement. She was becomming desperate for a pee and had to fight het instincts to avoid breaking into aitting pee dance, which would only make matters worse and she hoped to be able to stand up at least for a walk to the library soon, to get some relieve.

“You told me you found that the ingredients in standard polyjuice potion are correct. How do you plan to make it work?”

“The presence of a wizard should have an influence, but the way of mixing the ingredients seems to be the most important. I want to study the ingredients in the library and if necessary I'll ask professor Sprout or Hagrid for input on how to treat some ingredients I may still be unsure about afterwards, depending on whether they come from a creature or a plant.”

“Sounds like a plan. So let's head to the library then,” Ginny suggested in reply.

“Yeah, let's go, before someone pees herself from sitting down too long,” Hermione agreed with a wink.

The girls quickly got up and Ginny took a moment to finally squirm a bit to help her control her need without having to fear pushing on her bladder. Walking the stairs was very uncomfortable for both girls, but they eventually got to the library.

END OF CHAPTER 14

I don't have any specific questions for chapter 15 but feedback and suggestions are welcome.

*072*2019-01-03 15:31

CHAPTER 15

In the library, the girls split up as Hermione went to look for books on herbology that could include information about ingredients for perfect polyjuice potion and books on ingredients for potions coming from animals that could also contain anything on ingredients of the potion, while Ginny went to look for books on human anatomy.

While Ginny clearly did not need to pee as badly as she thought while she had been sitting on her bladder and her bladder calmed down while she walked, the opposite was true for Hermione. Standing up, bending over and walking around looking for books made her all the more aware of the big potion she had drunk making its way into her bladder.

About fifteen minutes later and with slightly less than half an hour to go until they would have to get back to the dungeons the girls re-joined at a study table . Hermione gladly sat down immediately and used the relative privacy created by the table to give herself a quick squeeze.

“I'm gonna have to visit the bathroom if Snape excuses me to change back into my own bra after my stops working,” she whispered to Ginny.

“There is no way I can hold this another hour and a half. I'm not even sure I can hold all this until then. How are you doing?”

“I can handle it for now, but I'm scared that will change the second I sit down. I'll just stand for now ‘though.”

With that, the girls started reading in the books they found. Ginny was standing, leaning over the table. She was absentmindedly tapping her feet and uncrossed and recrossed her legs every once in a while, but like she had said, she could handle it for the time being. Hermione on the other hand, was nervously squirming in her chair and had to squeeze her crotch beneath the table more and more frequently as particularly strong waves of urgency hit her.

Ten minutes before they had to be back in class, they discussed their findings.

“All relevant ingredients should work their magic best at around 310K, which is what was done in many attempts to brew perfect polyjuice potion before,” Hermione told. “I'll have to talk to professor Sprout and Hagrid later and see what else might affect their effect on the potion and may have been missed before.”

“I'll need to move skin and bones mostly,” Ginny stated. “I want to connect my wings to my arms, so I can't use them, but it seems like my legs would do for the most part so I'll have to try figuring out how to use them. That seems saver then using anything from around my organs. I'll have to plan that further tonight while you visit Hagrid and professor Sprout.”

“Uh, Ginny,” Hermione asked, “I’m afraid standing and walking will be... challenging for me by now. Could you perhaps put my books back on the shelves too?”

For a moment, Ginny thought about declining and enjoying the sight of Hermione hobbling around the library to do it herself, but she saw her friend was serious and decided she would get to watch a nice show on their way back to class anyway. Ginny quickly put all their books back on the shelves and then waited for Hermione to get up and leave with her.

Hermione gave her crotch one last squeeze in an attempt to reinforce her muscles and then slowly got up. She groaned quietly and felt a drip of pee make its way into her panties. She froze for a moment until her bladder calmed back down a bit and then started walking stiffly.

Ginny quickly followed and could not suppress a smile when she saw Hermione walk. She realized she would probably be in a worse state soon, however, and started wondering what to do. Her need to pee was fairly strong by now and with the extra pressure sitting down would put on her bladder, she definitely would not be able to hold it another hour herself and unlike Hermione, she did not really have an excuse to use to get professor Snape to allow her to leave.

They arrived back in class almost exactly at the same time as all others who had gone to the library and Snape started talking as soon as they entered the classroom, repeating what they were expected to do for the last hour of class.

Both girls were paired up with Slytherins they barely knew and who did not stand out in potions and especially Hermione did not expect to get any useful input. She was glad however, to sit down, even despite who her neighbour was. It made her feel a little safer that she would be able to avoid more leakage for the time being.

Ginny on the other hand, sat down slowly and carefully and immediately shove a hand up her skirt when she felt her desperation at least double. She could only hope that Hermione – who smiled at her – was the only one who had noticed her bold move and that she would be able to keep her underwear – and more importantly, her skirt – dry until she came up with an excuse to get to a bathroom. She knew Snape would decline her request if she would just ask to go to the bathroom.

Just then, right before she would have begun discussing her project once again, Hermione felt her breast shrink and gladly used the opportunity to ask professor Snape to be excused to deal with the effects of the potion she had drunk. Snape, off course, had seen this coming and allowed her to leave.

Hermione knew she would not make it to a bathroom in time anymore the moment she stood up. She stiffly walked out of the classroom, already feeling her underwear get soaked to the point where her legs would soon start to get wet. Outside, she quickly casted a notice-me-not charm on herself as she had seen Luna do before and just made a mad dash into the Gryffindor tower, while grabbing her pussy for dear life, through the common room, into the bathroom. Before she could even sit down on the toilet, the floodgates opened and a torrent of pee shot through her ready soaked panties and skirt.

When she finally finished peeing, she waved her wand to clean up the puddle of pee on the floor. Once again, she ditched her panties in the washing bin and hoped not to pass anyone on her way from the bathroom to the dormitory, which luckily did not happen. Aware that Snape expected her back in class soon, Hermione quickly changed her bra and skirt and put on clean panties, ignoring the – by now familiar – throbbing of her clit.

Right when Hermione entered the classroom again, Ginny felt her control slip for a moment, resulting in a wet spot in her underwear. This was no good. There were fifty minutes left of class, in which she would have to get up and discuss her report with Snape for a few minutes. Her bladder definitely would not be able to handle that anymore. But peeing herself in front of Snape or getting his permission to leave class just to go pee really were no options either.

END OF CHAPTER 15

The girls' and our wishes to play with their bladders have gotten Ginny into a difficult position. Please suggest ways she can handle her problem and we'll see what happens to Ginny.

*073*2019-01-03 15:52

I realise I took a while to write this next chapter again, but I am trying to pick up the pace again.

To make sure nobody misses something he'd have enjoyed and to hopefully get some responses after all this time, here's a shout out again to people who have replied to this story before and are still active on this forum, but are not following this thread: @John Cena69

, @Melificentfan

, @WildRoseBaby

, @TheGreatNobody

, @sicarius4

, @gh0st

, @Luna

, @mynameissteven

, @wedgeantilles

, @Mrt2004

, @trolololo

, @Maxine

, @EmmieChu

, @Markj9494

.

Oh, and to someone I got in contact with through another channel and who replied to this story there, but is once again active on this forum: @DespMely

.

