Accident prone Kusuri-chan

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2011-02-27 04:42

[8:30 Am]

As a loud buzzing sound filled the room, the purple haired girl fumbled around from under the covers to silence the abomination known as her alarm clock, before crawling out from under them. The day was young, but she certainly didn't seem pleased.

With her ruffled purple hair, and wrinkled Pajamas, she arose from the bed and stood up, checking.

'Okay, dry this time.' She thought to herself as she patted the bed, and moved on to pick out her outfit. The girl herself used to be relatively confident in her own bladder control, and had no problems. However, a few years back, thanks to a rather unpleasant experience she would rather forget, her control had started to waver.

More than that, she had a really bad nervous condition. If someone had touched her in a place that would alarm her, (such as her somewhat developed breasts, her rear, or her most private area) her body would tense up, and she would react as if she had been through something terrifying, her brain sending out the signal to vacate all unecessary baggage...

Which, unfortunately, meant her bladder in most cases. Thankfully though, she felt dry at the moment.

"Alright...time for school.." she called as she changed into her usual attire, a dark blue shirt and a knee length black skirt. No need to try to be flashy now, right?

She started down to the kitchen, noticing as a figure with long dark blue hair leaned over.

"Ahh~ Kusu, would you like to ride in Nii-san's car today?" the voice called, a suave tone that had melted the hearts of several individuals at the school.

"No thanks Kaoru." she called as she picked up a cereal bar and picked a bottle of water out of the fridge. "I'll just take the bus." Her brother always offered, but she rarely took him up on it. Not that he wasn't sincere in his gesture, but because her brother was quite the opposite of her. Extremely well known in school. His car was no exception, and as such, people tended to crowd it when he arrived.

And with so many people, she'd likely get bumped into, and...well.. She didn't want that to happen for obvious reasons.

As she started towards the bus stop, she downed the water and the Cereal bar of hers, as she calmly waited at her stop. Thankfully, she was the only one at her stop today, and as such, breathed a sigh of relief. Not that many people bothered her, thinking her aversion to being touched was some kind of OCD or something, but mainly for the relief of getting on the bus without incident.

She felt the water starting to move through her, but didn't mind. After all, it was just a little bit. And soon enough, the bus itself emerged, opening it's doors to her as she quickly moved near the back to one of the seats by herself. The bus was generally crowded, but she usually could find an empty seat for herself, or at least out to the side so they wouldn't touch her much.

And as the ride continued, people filled up the other seats, and they were about to start on their merry way to school.

However....As Kusuri had just started to drift off feeling herself sloshing about a bit, a small thumping on the bus snapped her out of it.

"HEY!!! HEY WAIT!!" an unfamiliar voice called, as the bus slowed to a stop, and a figure with green hair started up to the doors, and entered the bus, handing the driver a slip to show that he was new. Kusuri paused a bit, wondering just who the figure was as he started back. Surely.....Surely he wouldn't....

But as he moved, he kept going, looking at the full seats, before noticing Kusuri sitting next to the window, looking back at him. And sure enough, he sat down next to the purple haired girl, leaning over.

"Sorry, only open seat." he called to her, the voice being lost in her mind.

Someone was next to her....Someone was close..... Her heartrate sped up a bit, as she suddenly closed her legs a bit. That water felt a bit closer than she'd thought. It really shouldn't have felt like it did, but the intrusion to her personal space had sparked activity.

Her whole body seemed to tense up as he sat near her, mouthing words of some kind as she flinched a bit.

"I'm new here, so I was hoping.." she caught as the boy was trying to converse, the girl lowering her hands under her bag. She felt the need to hold now, to remind her body it wasn't time. She'd gone through this before. Her body wasn't ready to release, and she didn't need to. She shouldn't have needed to, anyways.

As the boy spoke more, the bus took a sharp turn, his shoulder coming up to meet hers to provoke a flush from the girl. He was...his shoulder.....

She had to lower her other hand at this, clenching herself tightly as she felt her urge starting to pent up more. She was fine...She was fine....she was fine. There wasn't a need to worry, it was just her shoulder. She didn't need to over-react like this. She kept chanting the mantra to herself as she tried to calm down, before eventually being thrust forward by a sudden stop.

"We're here!!!" the bus driver called, as the other kids started to head off the bus, crowding the small passageway as Kusuri waited, everyone heading out of the bus as quickly as possible.

As the last person seemed to escape, she stood up and started out, her body having calmed down considerably with the boy gone. She definitely had to pee now, but she didn't have to worry about losing it on the bus. Giving a light wave to the driver though, she flinched as she stepped off.

"Hey, are you okay?" the boy's voice called as he stood, having apparently waited on her. "You seemed awful fidgety and quiet on the bus..."

Her heart started to pound again, as she struggled to find her voice.

"Y..Y..yeah, I just get..." she stammered as she walked, feeling her body start to jolt back into it's previous instance of desperation, before her legs buckled underneath her, the green haired boy leaning out to grab her.

"Woah, careful. You definitely don't look.." He called as Kusuri gasped, the boy's touch provoking a small spurt to sneak out of her and warm the front of her panties.

"SorryIgottagorightnow" She called as she fumbled out of his grip with a hand dug into her crotch, running full speed towards the bathroom as she felt her control starting to lax. Another spurt. And another. A definite damp spot would be on her skirt as she managed to enter the bathroom, slamming one of the stall doors shut before lifting her skirt and sitting down.

She let out a deep sigh of relief as she felt the warmth escaping her, drenching her poor panties, but giving her the sweet relief that she had needed so badly. It spread across her area a bit, some even going back to warm her rear as she moaned a bit, gushing for almost a full minute.

"Much....better..." She called as she reviewed the situation in her head. Okay, so this new boy was in the school, and he didn't seem to know how she felt about others. Well, it should be fine so long as she could avoid him.

Yeah, of course. She eventually paused, before sliding off her panties to look at them.

Originally striped with blue, they now looked more like a dark green with a few blue lines sticking out of it. Another pair...ruined again because of her problem. She interally sighed at her misfortune, before wiping herself off, and ditching her panties. She'd have to stop by the nurses office again to get changed. Such a pain...

However, she waited a bit before leaving, wanting to make sure that she didn't get caught up with the crowds as she eventually left the bathroom and headed to the nurses office, explaining what happened to the woman as she comforted her with the usual comments, and helped her get changed. Then a few minutes later she arrived at her class, opening the door to see the teacher pointing at the blackboard.

"Ah, Kusuri-chan, Nice to see you." the teacher spoke as he turned to her. "If you'll take your seat, we can continue on with the lesson."

She nodded lightly to the teacher, as she started back. Her desk was in the back of the room, so as to avoid contact with some of the others, and to help her keep her thoughts calm. She could work there. She'd be fine...

Though, she felt a lot less fine as she noticed the usually empty desk next to her filled...

By none other, than the green haired boy from earlier.

