Chloe

Author: joe86

*000*2014-04-13 18:56

Chapter 1: Chloe has an accident

Chloe realised that she needed a wee almost as soon as she walked out of her friend’s flat and into the dingy town centre. Despite the fact that she had been to the toilet only shortly before leaving she was not surprised – her bladder seemed to fill very quickly when she had been drinking. She was not worried yet though. As long as mum picked her up on time she should easily be able to last the short drive home and wee in the comfort of her own bathroom.

Chloe and her friends, Rosie and Helen, were giggly as they walked down the high street towards the train station, probably as a result of the wine they had consumed over the course of the evening. They made for an attractive trio. Chloe in particular was stunning. Her golden hair was up tonight, beautifully framing her fair skinned face with its soft lips and rosy cheeks. Chloe’s eyes were the first feature most people noticed. Their deep blue gave an innocence to her appearance that was not really reflective of her true personality. She wore a casual but elegant metallic grey top with a high waisted black pleated skirt, and black heels.

Suddenly Helen stopped and crossed her legs tightly, bending at the waist. “I wish I’d gone to the toilet before we left Leo’s, I’m dying for a wee,” she announced abruptly.

Her words merely confirmed what Chloe had already known. It was obvious from the look in her eyes and the way she hunched over, with her hands on her bare thighs as though she was considering openly holding herself. She had also been noticeably fidgeting as they walked. Rosie laughed and with mock sincerity answered, “Oh dear, do you think you can wait until we get home?”

“Until we get home?” replied Helen, incredulous. “I’ll wet myself before we even get on the train. I need to go now!”

Chloe was more sympathetic, although partially for selfish reasons. She was feeling a growing pressure herself, and the drive home would be much more comfortable if she could go to the toilet before it. “Don’t worry Helen, I think there are some public loos on the way to the station. They’re only a couple of minutes away.”

They walked with more purpose now and quickly reached the toilets. Helen’s desperation had increased significantly, and she squirmed and held herself as she tried the door. She whimpered softly when it did not open. ”I think you have to pay…” Helen said, her voice shaking. “Do either of you have 30p?”

Rosie was finding Helen’s predicament amusing. “I do,” she exclaimed, “but I need it for the train home.”

“Don’t be so mean,” Chloe said as she rummaged in her bag. Unfortunately she could only find enough change for one of them to use the toilet, but by this point Helen looked so pathetically frantic that Chloe wasn’t cruel enough to deny her. She handed the money to Helen who managed to stop wriggling for long enough to insert it. The coins rattled straight back out.

“Looks like they’re closed in the evenings,” Rosie said smugly. A brief examination of the sign on the door revealed to Chloe that she was right.

Helen now looked on the verge of tears. “But I have to wee right now!” she said, looking anxiously to Chloe for help.

Chloe grabbed Helen’s hand and pulled her towards some nearby bushes. They would not offer complete protection from the prying eyes of people walking by, but Helen did not seem concerned by this as she allowed Chloe to lead her. Her other hand was firmly clasped between her legs. “Quick, go here,” Chloe said quite unnecessarily, as Helen pulled her blue thong down. She was weeing almost instantly, even before she had managed to hitch her dress up and squat down. Intense relief filled her face as wee streamed out of her, puddling in the soil below.

Helen looked much happier once she had finished, and giggled as Chloe rolled her eyes at her. “Have you got any tissues Clo? I’ve got piss all over my legs,” she said. Chloe couldn’t help but laugh at the state of her friend as she shook her head. “Oh well,” Helen sighed as she pulled her damp panties back up. “My knickers won’t be as wet as they could have been.”

Chloe and Helen clambered from the bushes, with Rosie, who had found the whole situation hysterical, chanting, “Pissy knickers! Pissy knickers!” Helen saw the funny side and went along with Rosie’s teasing. Chloe smiled but was more reserved than her friends, shuffling her feet as she wondered whether to wee in the bush herself. She needed the loo quite badly, but still felt fairly sure that she could wait until she was home. Not wanting to repeat Helen’s undignified performance, she followed her friends who were already walking away.

After leaving Rosie and Helen to catch their train, Chloe waited for her mum in the station car park. She shivered, partly because the night was cold but mainly because she was bursting for the toilet. Crossing her legs, she wished despairingly that there was somewhere she could wee before mum arrived. The station loos were closed – she had checked when she said goodbye to her friends. Squatting was not really an option because of the people around her waiting for taxis, and because mum, now late, could be there at any second. Her confidence that she could wait until she got home was rapidly evaporating.

A powerful urge forced Chloe to squeeze her legs together even more tightly, and she was close to holding herself through her skirt when she saw her mum’s black SUV drive into the car park and pull up beside her. She managed to compose herself and was about to climb into the front seat when she saw her younger sister sitting there. Chloe was mortified as she got into the back. Although Amy was two years younger than her, if she noticed Chloe’s predicament the teasing would be merciless.

“Sorry I’m late Clo,” said mum cheerfully. “I had to pick Amy up from a concert and it was late finishing.”

“It’s ok,” answered Chloe, trying to avoid a prolonged conversation. Her voice was terse from the strain on her bladder and could betray how desperate she was. She managed to keep the visible signs quite well concealed, forcing herself to unfold her legs and keeping her hands away from her crotch. She knew that she would not be able to continue doing so for the whole journey. Thankfully Amy and mum were having an animated discussion and didn’t seem to notice Chloe fidgeting as she pretended to look at her phone.

Soon Chloe’s desperation overcame her and she re-crossed her legs. Her writhing was becoming more and more pronounced and finally she squashed a hand between her thighs. Nothing seemed to help for more than a few seconds, and Chloe knew that she was on the verge of wetting herself.

“You need the toilet, don’t you?” Amy said, smiling mockingly at Chloe as she looked into the back of the car.

“No, no,” Chloe said, her voice higher than usual. “I’m fine, honestly.”

Amy snorted. “Yeah, whatever. You look like you’re about to wet yourself.”

“Oh Chloe, really?” mum chipped in. “Please don’t wet yourself in the car, you know how angry dad was last time.”

“I was thirteen!” Chloe countered defensively, her cheeks burning as she remembered soaking herself and the car seat as the family drove to their holiday home in Anglesey. “I can wait until we get home.” They were only a few minutes away now, and Chloe couldn’t bare the thought of weeing herself in front of her mum and sister. As far as they knew she hadn’t wet herself in years, yet she was still treated like an accident-prone little girl because of incidents like the Anglesey car journey.

Suddenly they hit a speed bump. Amy laughed wickedly and said, “I bet she’s wet herself now.”

“I have not,” Chloe answered fiercely. It was a lie. She could feel the hot wee dribbling down her bum crack and being absorbed by her lacy white knickers. It had only been a quick spurt, and her skirt remained dry. At least until the next speed bump. This time she lost control for a few seconds. Her knickers quickly became sodden, and a warm puddle formed under her bum before soaking into her skirt and the car seat.

Amy was now talking about fountains and waterfalls in an attempt to make Chloe lose control completely. She needn’t have bothered; Chloe was totally focussed on not letting go of the rest of her wee and barely heard Amy’s jibes. She squirmed unreservedly in her wet knickers as they pulled into the drive of their amply sized country home, hoping that her skirt’s colour would hide its wetness as she scrambled out of the car and towards the front door, mum tutting disapprovingly behind her.

Chloe’s legs were double crossed as mum looked in her bag for the key. “Please hurry up mummy,” she moaned, bobbing up and down. “I’m going to wet myself.” Quite a lot of wee had escaped as Chloe had jumped down from the car, and she could feel little trickles worming their way down her legs and into her shoes. Amy was laughing and calling her a big baby.

A long spurt passed through her saturated knickers and splashed onto the drive. An even longer spurt followed immediately after, and then a continuous stream as Chloe finally could hold on no longer. She was still holding herself through her skirt as she weed, and soon the front was even wetter than the back. Chloe didn’t seem to be able to give up and take her hand away, which would have at least allowed the wee to flow straight down into the huge puddle that had formed around her. Instead it ran down her legs, and some was even forced upwards, wetting her top.

“We need to put you in a nappy,” Amy taunted as Chloe finally finished weeing. “Only babies wet themselves.” Chloe did her best to ignore her, but her face was hot and red with embarrassment. She couldn’t believe how big her puddle was. Amy and mum had both moved back to avoid it.

Chloe kicked off her shoes and waited on the step barefoot, her pissy clothes still dribbling into her pool of wee, while mum dragged Amy inside and told Chloe to wait while she found her a towel so that she could dry herself before being entering the house. She returned looking more sympathetic than before. “Don’t worry too much about it Clo, accidents happen. I can wash your clothes and they’ll be fine. It could have been worse – at least you didn’t wet yourself in the car!” Chloe went even redder at the mention of the car as she thought of the wet seat she had left behind, but didn’t say anything. Hopefully it would dry out and no one would know.

Chloe wrapped the towel around her waist and pulled her knickers down, noticing that they now had a slightly yellow tinge, and then her skirt before handing them to mum. She just wanted to have a bath and try to forget about her accident. However, mum had noticed something. “Chloe the back of your skirt is soaked! And look at these!” She dangled the knickers in front of Chloe’s face. The bum was so wet that it was almost transparent. “You did wee in the car, didn’t you? Don’t lie to me.”

“I’m sorry mummy,” Chloe replied pitifully. “I tried to hold on but I was so desperate. I couldn’t help it.”

“Girls your age should not be wetting their knickers at all, never mind weeing all over daddy’s car seats! I thought you’d grown out of this.” She sighed deeply. “Have a bath and go straight to bed after. We’ll talk about this tomorrow morning.”

Finally Chloe was allowed into the house.

