Irene's Fantasy

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-08-06 08:43

Irene was just coming home from a long night at the movies when a storm came. It was after midnight, and she was tired. She didn't want to go to bed yet, so she went to the kitchen and drank what was left of a one-liter carton of concentrated orange juice, which was more than halfway full. Combining that with the thirty-two ounces of soda that she drank at the theaters, plus a cup of tea that she drank afterwards, sne felt that going to the shower would be a bad idea. Instead, she went straight to her room and turned on the TV. Because the room was usually hot, she didn't bother putting on pajamas.

Instead, she just takes off her red tank top and black jeans and hopped into the bed. She began to relax in her comfortable white cotton panties and bra, which were in clear sight because she took the quilt off of her bed and she's not wearing pajamas. The cool air blowing in the window fan next to her bed had felt so good that it actually made her a little aroused. She takes both of her hands and places them between her legs, then slowly drifts to sleep.

Irene starts to dream of getting up in the morning to go to the bathroom. She enters the bathroom, locks the door, pulls down her white panties, and sits on the toilet. She sighs as she gushes a torrent into the toilet, making a loud hissing sound as it sprinkles into the water. As she is peeing, she lets out a big and loud (and juicy) fart that surprisingly didn't stink at all. It almost sounded as if she was about to take a dump, but all it was was just gas. Wet, juicy gas.

After the stream had died down and the gas chamber was empty, it was time for Irene to wipe her privates. Though it made her a little aroused, she pulls up her panties and flushed the toilet.

Irene snaps out of her dream at the sound of her alarm clock. She turns off the alarm, only to feel something wet underneath her. She looks down and sees her panties pulled completely off and the mattress completely soaked. She gasps deeply, understanding that she had wet the bed, along with herself. What was worse, she wasn't finished. Luckily, she was the only one home, so she didn't care much about walking butt naked. Then again, the windows were wide open in the living room. So, she decides to finish the little job that she started. She hops back in the bed and sits on it with her legs closed.

She sighs and releases what was left in her bladder into the mattress. The dark patch begins tp expand and darken even more. She then stops amd gets into a standing position with her legs open. She aims for the pillows and releases a sprinkly yellow stream that splashed on the walls. The stream died out a few seconds later, and the breeze from the fan began hitting her crotch, making her aroused to where she sits back down on her pee-soaked bed and rubs her privates. During this, she lets out a wet and juicy fart that covered the entire room, making her even hornier. She rubbed even harder until eventually she gushed out a clear fluid that splashed onto the pillows and part of her bed. She sighs in relief as she let out another wet and juicy fart.

*002*2012-08-09 19:07

{{:

I found this sort of comical, in a good way. Woke me up a little which is hard to do. A bit short but it seems it was meant to be that way in the first place. Interesting style. Concentrated Orange Juice Lmao.

}}

Yep, concentrated for the win. :)

Ironically, I had a dream like this the other night, which almost made me wanna add on to this story. ;)

*004*2012-08-10 08:37

{{:

Hey man do it I'll read every one. Your style caught me off guard do more.

}}

An hour later, Irene took the pillows, the quilts, and the sheets and tossed them all in the washing machine. As the machine started the wash cycle, she walks into the bathroom and gets into the shower. She takes a soap-covered towel and rubs her legs, first, then she works her way to her shoulders. She was just finished rubbing her privates when she realized that she forgot to get spare clothes. What was worse, she forgot to get a dry towel to cover herself. On the bright side, the wind blowing from the windows had dried her off when she stepped outside. She then heads straight to the fridge, knowing that she was still butt-naked, and fixes a huge cup of lemonade.

"That shower made me thirsty," she said, chugging it down in five seconds. "Guess I'd better put some clothes on."

Irene heads to her room to put on a pair of yellow panties with orange stripes with a matching bra and heads to the back porch to put the laundry in the dryer. As she does this, she begins to feel pressure go into her bladder. At that same moment, she begins to cough very heavily. Also, her nose began to run. She knew what was happening to her body. She rushes to the kitchen to grab a few cough drops, and puts one in her mouth. The coughing stopped, but unfortunately, she began to feel drowsy. She holds her hand to her head as she walks to the living room and passed out on the floor.

Irene dreams of a hiking trip in the mountains. She was climbing a tall rock when all of a sudden, she needed to answer the call of nature. She hops off of the rock and pulls down her shorts. She then pulls down her orange panties, leans forward, and aims at the base of the rock. She waits a few seconds for pressure to build up, then she releases a big sprinkly torrent on it. Having a large bladder, the stream continued for thirty seconds, then dies out. She wipes herself with her hands and kept on hiking.

Irene snaps out of it four hours later, feeling that the floor underneath her was wet. She knew that she had wet herself again, this time, her panties were still pulled up. Again, she wasn't finished. But the warmth of the wet panties made her extra aroused. She puts her hand in her panties, right on her privates, and releases a stream that splattered on her hand. After the stream died down a few seconds later, she began to rub her privates again until she released another gush of liquid, and then farts loudly.

