The Truth or Dare Disaster

Author: i-need-to-pee

*000*2017-07-09 16:21

Well. I've always wanted to write a fan fic. well here i go. (and btw i'm not any sort of writer, so just a heads up.)

Truth or Dare Disaster

Chapter 1.

It was early on a Saturday. School was off. Zoe finally could just do whatever! Zoe was a small girl. 12 years old. blonde. around 5'3". She was cute and she knew it. speaking of which her phone just buzzed. sms from Jake "hey wanna hang out today, your place?". Zoe replies with "sure! come over now! if you want. lol". Jake respond with "sure be right over"

Zoe heads downstairs to the kitchen and eats breakfast. pancakes with a glass of Orange juice. Her mother walks in and says "good morning sweetie! daddy and I are heading out for a work meeting. we will be home late tonight. and don't destroy anything. Oh and how are things with Jake?" with a bit of tease in her voice with that last sentence. "Ok mom, i won't and things are fine" Zoe replies. "ok good. bye bye sweetie!" she says as she gives Zoe a kiss on the check and walks out the front door with her husband.

Zoe hears the car start up and back out the drive way and drive off. a few minutes later she kinda feels the need to use the bathroom. she walks upstairs to the only bathroom in the house when the doorbell rings. She walks downstairs and opens the door to see Jake standing their. "Hey whats up?" he says as he walks inside. "not much, you?" she says. "same. what do ya wanna do?" he asks. "we can do whatever, my parents just left and won't be back for a while" she says. "Well can i give you a kiss?" he asks with some sarcasm. "you have to work your way up buster" she teases. with that they head upstairs.

"wanna play truth or dare" Jake asks. "sure. you first" she says. "ok,ok,ok. truth or dare" he asks. "truth, i'll start small." Zoe replies. Jake says "ok, hmmm. whats your biggest secret that no one else knows about you?" he asks. "well, i can't believe i'm saying this. Well for long car rides i wear diapers, and no ones. i just throw them out when ever we get to where we are going. even on airplanes. I hate getting up so i just wear a diaper. Jake, i trust you, so please don't tell anyone. ever"

Wow. Did Jake just hear that right? Jake just started being into omo. this is an opportunity he has to take advantage of. "wow, of course i won't" Jake says in a re assuring tone. "ok my turn! truth or dare!" Zoe says. "truth, like you" Jake says. "ok. um, have you ever kissed a girl?" Zoe says. "no. i haven't. YET! ok my turn. truth or dare?" Jake says. "dare, but i have to use the bathroom. i'll be right back" Zoe says as she gets up from sitting. she really had to pee now and she was having to hold herself to keep it in. Something she didn't say to Jake was the reason why she wears diapers. it's because she can't go very long before needing to use the bathroom.

Jake jumped up and said "your dare is to not use the bathroom until this game is over." Zoe said "but Jake! i really have to use the bathroom!"

"Then we make it a contest. first person to pee their pants loses!" Jake said with confidence. Zoe now dancing around a bit says "fine, deal. but lets raise the stakes. for the rest of the day, we have to play this game. so we both pee our pants at least once and we cant change." Zoe knows how to put the power in her position. Jake says "deal!"

