Academy Accident (Naruto Fanfiction)

Author: Lakur

*000*2012-02-08 01:44

Sunny days like this one had become rare over the last few weeks....way too rare. It was probably even the last warm day of the entire year, before winter would come across the lands again.

Naruto sighed - and he had to study at the academy. Why on earth on such a beautyful day ? There HAD to be a rule which penalized to waste such sunny weather with learning.

There were so many things he could do instead....like swimming or just being lazy, lay in the grass and look at the sky....unfortunaly he was locked in the building, together with all the other academy students.

And he knew, he wasn't alone with these thoughts.

Really, there couldn't be ANYONE who actually liked to study, right ?

Oh well...now that he thought about it..maybe there was ONE...

Too easy. All of these questions were WAY too easy. The black-haired boy closed his eyes for a moment, trying his best to ignore the pair of eyes, staring at him from behind. Yes, he could FEEL the Blondes glare by now....he was staring at him...for whatever reason it was this time.

Did that Idiot even need a reason to penetrate him with his eyes ? It was probably because he wasn't writing like anyone else. And well, why should he ?

There was NOTHING more to learn for him in that class. He went here every day because he was supposed to...while he could actually spend that time with training. Training every possible style of combat, increasing his reactions, speed and accuracy.

But he wasn't allowed to. Just like all the ordinary students he had to learn the same ordinary and basic things. Really, was it that hard ? How could it be that the others needed several weeks to learn such basic techniques like the Henge no Jutsu ?

As for him, it only took him five minutes...ten at maximum...to understand the simple principle behind that technique.

What was he doing ? Naruto no longer tried to keep his stare secret, he was officially annoyed. Of course...when HE, Naruto, would lean back and snooze in class, Iruka-Sensei would be there immediatly, telling him to study and not to sleep.

But when it came to the high- and mighty Uchiha doing the same thing, no one complained at all.

How was that fair ? Why he always had to focus in class and other people could sleep whenever they wanted.

"Hey Sasuke, stop sleeping and focus on your book."

Why was he even suprised ? It had been obvious such an unqualified comment would come sooner or later. He knew it from the very moment that Blonde dropout had been staring at him.

"I wonder if a retard with no skills is in the position to tell me what to do...I doubt so."

Actually he didn't really wanted to provoke Naruto, he knew that retard enough to know that answer wouldn't be left without response. And he didn't wanted to start a verbal fight again, all he wanted was to be left alone.

But due to his pride he couldn't just ignore it. It definitly would be better if he could, but he could'nt.

Trash needed to learn where it belonged. And when no-one else was around to show that, he supposed it was his duty.

"Hey, WHO HAS NO SKILLS HERE ??" There it was again...that arrogant way Sasuke treated him.

Like he was someone BETTER than him.

He hated it, the way he was talked to by him. The arrogance and that mocking tone in the Uchihas voice.

If only he would ever find a weak spot on his enemy.

It was just mortifying, since the day he first met Sasuke he tried to surpass him, to beat him just ONCE...to wipe that arrogant smirk out of the Uchihas face just ONE time.

And he tried many times...first on the fair way, through honest learning and trying his best in classes. But no matter how hard he tried, he never even came close to his rivals grades.

Then he tried many dirty tricks, the best pranks he could think off to expose a weak side on that other boy.

Without any success, no matter what he did to put up a trap, never he had fallen for it.

But no human was perfect. Not even Sasuke. There HAD to be a weak spot somewhere...and he would find it.

Heck, he wouldn't rest until he finally managed to pay back all the spiteful comments and humiliation the Uchiha had caused him. That was his biggest goal...aside from becoming Hokage of course.

"You. It is you, who has no skills, you who has no chance of ever becoming anything. You won't even become ge-nin....because that requires to graduate from the academy..."

And if he remembered correctly, the Blonde already failed like...two times ? Three ? No, he didn't really remembered. He also didn't care. Why even waste a single thought about trash like him ?

Sasuke sighed again, taking a deep sip from the bottle of water on his desk.

The air in here was really warm and dusty...almost tropically.

Naruto bite his lips. There was a response on his lips, something quite fitting about Sasukes family...but he didn't dared to say it. No matter how much he disliked the Uchiha, there were limits he didn't dared to cross.

Everybody knew the story about Sasuke and how he lost everyone, leaving him as an orphan without any caring parents.

Much like himself....

Sometimes he wished that fate, the burden they both had to bear would make them get along better...even though Sasuke never showed any emotions, he probably felt lonely deep inside....a feeling the Blonde knew too well.

But then it was the attitude of the other one, which let Narutos anger burn brightly again...and the tiny bit of understanding for his rival was buried under a mountain of hurt feelings.

And at the same time he also feared the others reaction if he would really cross that line.

There was a good chance the calm and controlled surface would break then...to make room for something much scarier.

Yep....he hated to admit it, but he was scared....

He didn't even wanted to think about what injuries a simple water bottle, like the one Sasuke was drinking from, could cause...if used correctly.

Actually...he was really drinking a lot today...

Why was he still thirsty ?

He just drank half about one litre of water and his throat still felt like a sheet of sandpaper.

No one else even seemed to notice the dry heat in that room....otherwise there would be most certainly someone complaining already.

Or maybe they just decided to endure it and wait patiently till class would be over.

Now...that would at least spare him from hearing all the whining, so why not ?

HE wouldn't complain anyway...that would be the last thing to do.

Drinking another sip from the bottle was much more effective...

There was no mistake, Sasuke really WAS drinking a damn lot.

Now that he paid attention to that detail it was kinda obvious...

Could it....ah no...why he was even getting his hopes up ?

This would be like winning the lottery jackpot...ten times in a row.

Nope, there was no way someone like Sasuke would drink so much that he would end up...

...peeing his pants ?

"What are you staring at again ?" Geez, it really was annoying as hell.

Why was the Blonde looking at him like someone hypnotized him ?

"Is it about the water ? Forget it, you won't get any..."

Of course....THAT was it. The heat appearantly had reached the Blondes brain and made him realize his own thirst....and now he was going to beg for some of the water ?

Heh...he would rather pour it onto the floor than sharing even one drip with retards like him.

No way...did he...just drank ALL the remaining water in one gulp ?

Okay...he had to keep cool...it was still unlikely as hell...but when there was even just the SLIGHTEST chance of Sasuke Uchiha wetting himself, he ABSOLUTLY had to support it.

He had to think now...Sasuke emptied his bottle....was there any way of how he could make him drink even more ?

But when he would offer some of his own water to his sworn enemy, that would be too suspicious.

How much longer was that class supposed to be ?

The whole room felt like a damn sauna!

And now he was even out of water.

This was driving him ludicrous, especially since everyone else didn't seemed to notice anything.

How could someone NOT feel that intense heat ? HOW ?

Well, if there wasn't a way to make Sasuke drink even more water, he just had to make sure the Uchiha wouldn't go to the bathroom in time....hopefully the class wouldn't be over too soon...

To think he would ever wish the class to be LONGER....just ten minutes ago he would've laughed at that thought...

"Come on..." he whispered, "....just a little longer..."

It was almost impossible to keep a calm and unimpressed face up now, he only wished for the class to end...so he could finally refill his water bottle at the bathroom...he was so thirsty...so damn thirsty....

"Please...let it end...please...."

"Just a little longer...."

"End class....damn it, i'm dying from thirst here..."

"...longer..."

"...end it...."

A loud ringing sound ripped through the silence, officially marking the end of class.

"Damn....so close....damn close...." he muttered under his breath.

This was so unfair. He had that incredible chance right at his hands. And now it had slipped away, maybe just moments ago from his goal.

At least he suspected this, judging from the nervousity in that usually cool and calm boy.

Screw it.

All lost.

FINALLY!!! He knew it wasn't his style, but every single cell in his body was aching, begging for water...he could no longer hide his desperate need to drink.

All he wanted was to get out and...drink...water....a LOT of water....

"Mmmmhhh..."

...just...drink....water...

Pss

...water...

Psss...ssss...

Water...so very...warm...

Pssss..s.ssss...pssspssssss......

...so much warm water...

"Ahhh........yes...."

Everything was warm now...so wonderfull....so relaxing...

"Sasuke..."

It was like he was swimming in it....warm water....so seducing and blissfully good.

Pssssssssssssssssssssssssssss....

"Oh god no...he is....REALLY....ahahhHAHA..."

"Hmmm....?"

".....you're PEEING...Sasuke!!! You're peeing your pants! Oh god...."

Sakura stared at the boy in front of her with great disgust...he had a dream-like face on, like he was far away....too far.

*002*2012-02-10 19:43

This was just a quick Idea I had, I wrote this at 3 a.m so of course it's not very good...sorry 'bout this ^^

