Omorashi-Lover Request: Kari's Desperation

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2010-07-28 05:30

Alright, this was story requested by Omorashi-lover. I didn't have a base pic this time, but I think it turned out pretty good.

Please Note: This is the Digimon Adventure 2 version of Kari NOT The 8-year-old season one version.

Hikari "Kari" Kamiya awoke to the sound of dripping water, a sound that had been playing over and over in her dreams, it took her a minute to realize where she was. Due to the rain, the group was forced to take refuge in a cave for the night. It took her less time to realize how badly she needed to use the bathroom! She quickly sat up in her sleeping bag and looked around, everyone was awake, so no chance of sneaking out of the cave, she then noticed a small opening in the wall. She remembered they had looked in there last night, and there wasn't anything there, so that would be a good place to go.

Kari walked over as discreetly as she could, but she stopped in her tracks as she heard voices, she didn't know why, but some of the boys where in there talking about something, she couldn't really focus on what they were talking about.

She sat quietly as they ate breakfast, not thinking, she drank down nearly a whole bottle of water.

The group then decided to pack up camp and start walking. Kari hurried as she packed up, wanting to get going as quickly as she could so that they could leave the cave and she could find a place to use the bathroom.

As she walked, she stood back behind everyone and tried to avoid conversation, afraid that someone would find out about her desperation.

However, one of the boys, Davis Motomiya, had other plans. Davis had always had a massive crush on Kari, and this showed especially well today. He walked beside Kari, trying to strike up a conversation with her, seemingly unaware of Kari's desperation and how awkward this was for her.

Kari answered any of his questions quickly, trying to just get this conversation over with quickly. The dripping water still in the main thing she heard.

Kari kept looking around, trying to avoid eye contact, seemingly afraid that he would notice just by looking at her face. Davis, however, must have mistaken this for attraction, as he continued to talk to her and stepped in closer.

They walked out of the cave and into what seemed to be a forest.

Kari could not have been more grateful about this, that would mean there were a lot of places to hide, now all she needed to do was get away from the group.

All she needed to do was tell Davis that she had to use the bathroom and walk away, but she had a hard time putting the first part of this plan into action.

As she walked around, trying to distract herself from her full bladder and Davis's ramblings, she became increasingly aware of a noise in the background, something that she was familiar with, but just couldn't quite remember.

Kari let out an audible groan as she realized what it was, there was a river flowing right next to the path they were walking on, not helping her desperation at all.

"Hey, you alright, Kari?" Davis asked as he heard her groaning, not quite sure what it was about.

"Y-yeah, I'm just fine." Kari said, in a bit of a strained voice, as she squeezed her thighs together tightly to help control her bladder. She again began looking around awkwardly, not wanting to show Davis her pained expression, but not wanting to look at the river either.

Finally, they decided to stop and rest for a little while before continuing on. Kari saw this as her opportunity to get away and get her much-needed relief.

Kari looked around and thought that she had found the perfect spot to pee, and began walking over there, only to be stopped halfway by T.K.

Kari and T.K. had been part of the original group in the Digital world and were great friends, but lately, T.K. had also seemed to have developed feelings for Kari and was almost as clingy as Davis.

Despite her protests, T.K. took Kari aside and over to a little clearing with two rocks, he motioned for Kari to sit down.

"So, Kari," T.K. began, to the dismay of Kari, because that meant this would probably be a long conversation, "What's going on? I saw you walking with Davis." He said in a slightly angry tone, he was clearly jealous.

Kari reluctantly sat down, innocently sitting her hands in her lap, using them to press down on her crotch to help her hold it in, the sitting position only increasing the pressure on her bladder. "Look, its nothing, he just started walking by me and talking to me!" Kari said, very annoyed. This rivalry between those two always annoyed her, but today, she was a lot more on edge thanks to her bursting bladder.

"Look," She began again, "Can you just excuse me for a second?" Kari asked as she got up, heading over to the patch she had selected earlier.

T.K. then stopped her, "What, no, please just sit and talk with me for a little longer!" He shouted.

Kari sat awkwardly and talked with him for a little bit, or, more so, listened to him talk.

What's worse, to avoid getting involved too much in the conversation, Kari pulled a water bottle out of her bag and started drinking from it. Kari grew restless and started squirming in her spot, as much as she wanted to stop, she just couldn't.

"Is something wrong?" T.K. asked as he noticed this.

'Come on, Kari,' She coached in her head 'Just tell him you need to use the bathroom! Its not that hard!' Of course, she could say this in her head, but she was unable to bring herself to actually do it, instead she just told him, "No, everything's fine..."

She awkwardly went to take a sip of her water bottle after saying this, she then realized it was completely empty, that wasn't going to help, all the more reason to walk off and go now. But she still couldn't bring herself to tell T.K.

The awkward silence that followed was broken as they were called to start walking again. Normally, Kari would be thankful that that awkward moment was over, but this time, she was mad that she didn't get a chance to go to the bathroom.

The urge was getting really bad now, Kari couldn't just keep walking with her legs clenched together, she had to add pressure, but she didn't want anyone to see, so she slid her hands into her pockets and started placing pressure on her pee hole. This was not as effective as it could be, and it wasn't completely discreet, but it was all Kari could think of, since most of her mind was now focused on holding her pee and finding a place to go.

Of course, it wasn't long before Davis started walking next to her and talking to her again.

A large jolt of pain from her bladder caused Kari to bend over slightly and forced her to move her hand out of her pockets and grab between her legs more directly. Davis again asked her is she was alright.

"Y-yeah, fine..." Kari said nervously before she could get a chance to think. As she felt another shot of pain, Kari realized it was a mistake, 'Come on, Kari,' She again coached in her head 'Just tell him you need to go!'

Kari didn't get a chance to speak again, as Davis must have thought this was now a sign of arousal, he stepped in closer, giving Kari less space to wiggle around, and kept talking to her.

Kari couldn't listen, and she couldn't respond whenever he asked her a question. She was about to lose control if she couldn't get away soon.

Kari could feel a few spurts escape as they continued to walk. She struggled frantically and managed to stop it, this time, but she knew that she needed to get away and go soon, she may not be so lucky next time!

Finally, as if on cue, T.K. stepped in and started talking to Davis, they began some kind of argument over Kari, providing a good distraction.

Kari looked around, all eyes were on Davis and T.K., but she was caught right between them, unfortunately, meaning she wouldn't get to escape.

Kari's eyes started to water, it seemed her body had too much liquid in it and was looking for any way to get it out now.

Of course, this was mistaken as a response to the boys' argument, and they started yelling and drawing more attention to her.

Kari began wiggling around as she was forced to stand around between them, she just couldn't get herself to stand still now, and all the attention drawn to her made her mounting desperation feel even worse!

After a few minutes, which felt like hours to Kari, another shot of pain hit her, and Kari began whimpering as a few spurts escaped. Kari applied more pressure, trying with all her might to hold it in, but she wasn't going to be able to stop it this time, she just couldn't hold it any longer.

Kari took off running into the forest, her hands leaving her crotch to help her run. All the while, her bladder was releasing itself, Kari could feel a growing wet spot in her panties, but she couldn't stop now, she would just have to find a place to go in a hurry!

She could hear one of the boys shouting "Now look what you did!" But she didn't care at this point.

Kari ducked behind a nearby tree and thrust her hands between her legs, this was really bad! She could feel the wet spot on her shorts, and she couldn't stop now, so this only served to soak her gloves.

By now, the pee was running down her legs and starting to form a puddle around her feet.

Kari just started working on the zipper to her shorts and pulled them down, she tried again to stop the flow by thrusting her hands down between her legs, but this proved just as futile an effort as before.

Finally, she just pulled down her soaked panties and squatted down, but it was too late by this point, there was barely anything left to come out by now.

Kari broke down in tears, this time of actual sadness as she sat there for a second, removing her urine-soaked gloves and throwing them to the side. She hadn't wet herself like this since she was little, and she couldn't believe it had just happened again.

It wasn't long before Kari heard Yolei Inoue, the only other girl in the group, calling her name. Kari sighed and pulled her soaked shorts up and went out to meet her. Her shoes began squeaking, and her socks were soaked as well. She again buried her face in her hands out of embarrassment.

She explained what happened as they walked back together. Kari tried to avoid getting any attention on her the rest of the day, until she could change.

She wasn't sure if they knew, but from that point on, neither T.K. nor Davis payed any attention to her, at least, not for the rest of that trip.

*003*2010-07-29 06:50

Thanks, really glad you guys liked it!

