Compiled List of all Interactive Stories on Omo.org

Author: Rainyday

*000*2014-06-10 03:25

Edit: Yeah this list is kinda obsolete and outdated now that there's a whole forum section for these, but well. I guess this list serves as reference for all the things that aren't there, and also historical archive things.

I'm glad the trend took off!

==========

Grim

Suggested that someone make some of these.

Grim has really been full of good ideas recently.

Or maybe she's just good at getting me and moocom

To do what she asks

This will be a list of all the interactive stories on the site that I'll try and keep updated.

Comment here if you want something to be added or a detail changed.

Basic tag system I'm using:

[illustrated] vs [Text Only]

[Finished]

[Abandoned] or [Hiatus] - Because making assumptions about this is not nice I'm only using this tag if the author themself tells me this (Or they're banned off the forum)

However, there's a tentative [inactive] tag if it hasn't been updated for more than 4 months.

[Compiled version] - Will link to a version with the updates only without any of the suggestions or discussion in between

Anything that is not finished, abandoned, or in hiatus will have the [Ongoing] tag - that means you can play!

Don't worry if you've never played/posted in them before - it really isn't a problem.

A little-known feature of the forum is that you can search for all posts in a thread made by a specific user - this can help you find updates if there's a lot of talking going on in the thread.

Also if you want to advertise more I can include a banner and short summary under the title of your story, send them to me and I'll put it in

There are no hard limits but banners in general shouldn't be higher than around 100 pixels and summaries about 3~4 sentences.

========

Anonymous Guy Choc

Dungeons and Desperation

[Ongoing] [Mostly Text with some pictures] // [Fantasy]

Auskelis

When the Gods Laugh

[Ongoing] [Text Only] // [Fantasy]

Desplover9021

Ghost Recon

[Mostly Text with some pictures] [Ongoing]

DoctorDre1001

Lisa Langton

[Text Only] [inactive] // [Diaper] [Messing] [bullying]

Dodedrea

Yozakura Quartet - Ao

[illustrated] [Full Color] [Ongoing] // [Desperation] [Leaking]

The Creator Project

[illustrated] [Full Color] [Ongoing] // [Custom Character]

ExplosiveTurtlez

The Porcelain Frog

[Ongoing] [Text Only]

Grim

The Virgin Brigade

[illustrated] [Ongoing] // [Desperation] [Date]

Grim Reaper

Assassin Interactive

[Ongoing]

Marin

Road Trip

[illustrated] [Abandoned]

Moocom (Omocommando)

The Little Wet Vampire

[illustrated] [Finished] // [Vampire] [Desperation] [Wetting] [Action]

The Wild Tempest

[illustrated] [Finished] [Compiled Version Here]

// [scifi] [Yuri] [Action] [Desperation] [Peeing] [Wetting]

Serenity: A Summer Vacation

[illustrated] [Hiatus] // [scifi] [Desperation] [Holiday]

Date Panic! 1

[illustrated] [Finished] // [Desperation] [Date]

Date Panic! 2

[illustrated] [Ongoing] // [Desperation] [Date]

PWG

Girls Und Panzer Interactive

[Mostly Text with some pictures] [inactive] // [Fanfiction]

Rainyday

Lillica Quest

[illustrated] [Hiatus] [Compiled Version Here]

// [Adventure] [Action] [school] [bizarre] [Desperation]

(Episode 1 is finished so you can read everything so far without having to stop at any desperation cliffhanger sort of thing)

Redlaw

The Bashful Heiress

[Ongoing] [Text Only]

Rinatro

Mars Life: Humanity Explored

[illustrated] [Ongoing] // [scifi] [Action] [Adventure]

Sunflower

Visitor

[illustrated] [Ongoing] // [scifi] [Desperation] [Wetting]

==========

GRIM LIMIT TOURNAMENT

[Hiatus] (Because Grim's internet died and she has other things)

