The Incontinent Challenger

Author: omobecca

*000*2021-06-03 21:36

Chapter 1 - We’re both different

Hi everyone! I’ve recently restarted Pokemon Shield (nerd alert) and my playthrough sparked an idea for a new story. I’m going to attempt to create more of an adult and grittier Pokemon world. Lula’s adventure will continue but I’ve wanted to focus on a new main character for a while now. This may work or it may not. Let me know please xx <3

A plume of water erupted from the stadium’s open roof. A bellowing roar shook the city of Wyndon. A heavy rain fell down onto the crowd, tearing apart the thick mist that had formed around the massive ball of water. Onlookers screamed and laughed, shielding their heads and taking whatever cover they could find. The single, repeated thud of the electro bass thud echoed throughout the stadium as if to build up to the final climax. *DOON DOON DOON DOON DOON DOON*

As the large rain drops continued to fall, the crowd became silent in anticipation. The thud of the music slowly started to increase. An undertone synth note started to get louder. People were exclaiming, their hands over their mouths, holding each other, fists clenched and stood up leaning against the railings. The atmosphere was rising. People across the nation were glued to their TV screens. Households were silent with excitement.

The mist subsided. The last hundred rain drops burst around the arena. A bold rainbow formed over the gleaming metal of the stadium roof as the strong sunlight pierced its way back towards the pitch. The scent of wet concrete filled the stands as steam began to rise in direct sunlight. The G-Max Blastoise’s piercing, cyan eyes glared towards its target. It roared out loud, trembling the chests of everyone around.

The large, pink plume around the rival Meganium’s neck was soaked and flacid. It stood groggy for a while below letting out a quiet growl. It fell down on its front knees then keeled over on it’s side. Shocked and concerned, the challenger sprinted towards their prized starter and threw their arms around over the limp body. The Meganium’s breathing was shallow but it let out a hopeful groan at the touch of it’s trainer’s embrace. The stadium erupted in cheers. The G-Max Blastoise roared again before the sparking red storm in the clouds above it reduced to a single red bolt. The Blastoise glowed an intense white as it shrank back to it’s normal size. It stood proud, unharmed.

“Aaaaand that’s it!” excitedly yelled the commentator, “Arthur Maximilian has held onto his championship title! Blastoise’s powerful G-Max Cannonade has ended yet another super exciting match. A massive well done to the challenger and his Pokemon. Rest up, Maganium, you deserve it! All the way over the seas from Johto, our challenger today was unsuccessful but leaves with his head held high!”

The challenger helped his Meganium to its feet as they basked in the cheers from the crowd. Meganium forced an open smile as its trainer waved to the stands. Blastoise had already been returned to its ball and the champion had already started walking away. His sheer blonde hair could be seen across the pitch as he confidently made his way back into his tunnel. He pulled his suit jack et from its peg, donned it, and disappeared through the sliding panel doors.

“As usual, no final words from our Champion, Artax. The mysterious Kalosian character who took the Galarian title only one year ago. Now undefeated thirty four times since his own win last February. The longest winning streak of any champion in modern times but also in the shortest time. What is it about Artax that you think draws challengers to try for the championship title, eh?” asked the commentator.

“Well, you know, he’s made a name for himself hasn’t he? The quiet Kalosian prince who broke his own countries’ royal protocol to journey out and begin his own adventure. He travelled straight to Galar with his childhood Squirtle and started from the bottom, almost as a nobody. But we all know his ace card don’t we?” replied the second commentator.

“Other than his G-Max Blastiose?!”

“Yes, other than that! The fact he stole his families’ cherished Diancie before coming to Galar!”

“You’re absolutely right! Although we rarely ever get to see it! That Blastoise is just too damn strong!”

The TV flicked to black.

Amy threw the controller to the end of her bed. Her heart was racing.

Damn. If only I could be there…

She closed her eyes and slumped back onto her pillow. She quickly felt a breeze over her face and a gentle tickle on her nose. She giggled.

Amy’s pastel rose, shiny Cutiefly was gently hovering just above her. She was quietly chirping. Amy tried to whip her away. She dodged and came back. Amy tried to whip again. Cutiefly dodged and shook its body causing tiny glittered particles to fall onto her trainer before flying upwards in a spiral and chirping again. Amy laughed and then sighed.

“Do you think we could do it, Cutes?” Amy asked.

Cutiefly perched atop Amy’s TV and tilted her head. There was a pause.

“No. Probably not” Amy admitted, sighing again, rubbing her hands. Cutiefly chirped and sped back across the room to curl up on Amy’s chest. It nuzzled into her hoody. Amy gently stroked Cutiefly’s back with three fingers. Cutiefly yawned.

“We’re both different, aren’t we Cutes?” Amy asked.

Amy always believed her and Cutiefly were meant for each other. She had always felt socially out of place with her condition. She would spend most of her time alone and would never venture far from her village of Postwick. She liked it there really. Out of the way. Quiet. Away from the hustle and bustle of the big cities. But how she longed to do something bigger. Not to feel stuck and awkward. Not to feel like she couldn’t go and do things. Not to have to constantly… wear protection. She sighed.

The furthest Amy had ever wandered on her own was to the edge of the lake past Wedgehurst. She didn’t like the town much. Too many bad memories from school. She had spent the day lakeside with some sandwiches she had prepared earlier the same morning, sat in the shade of a big berry tree with a view of the professor’s lab. It as her own secret place where no one bothered her. On this occasion however, a flock of Rookidee had swarmed a pack of Cutiefly and had chased them from the boundary of the nearby wild area. Amy never dared go there. She remembers hearing the chirps and squeals of the small bird Pokemon as they chased the Cutieflys from their nest.

The Cutieflys had darted through the air and danced around to avoid the Rookidees. They seemed to be after one in particular. A different one. A pink one. Amy remembered how this certain Cutiefly shimmered in the sunlight. It had been tackled head on and began to fall from the sky. It quickly came to and darted around nervously. The other Cutieflys didn’t seem to want to help. Because it was different? Amy never knew. The Cutiefly swarm started to disappear as their pink acquaintance took the heat of the Rookidees. It burst into the branches of the berry tree, causing twigs and leaves to fall onto Amy. It let out some panicked noises before spotting Amy and sought protection.

Rookidees didn’t usually attack humans. Cutiefly hovered down to Amy as she sat wide eyed and nervous. She had tried to swat it away but it was persistent. It chirped before burying itself in Amy’s tote bag. The Rookidees hung around for a few seconds before flying away. Scared of the flock of birds, Amy had uncontrollably wet her diaper. She felt it expand beneath her skirt and against the grass underneath. She was different. She knew it. She hadn’t so much embraced it but was used to it. Used to the bullying as a child and the awkwardness that loomed over her as a young adult. But this Cutiefly was different too. Why was it pink? Cutiefly had never left Amy’s side since. The two were inseparable.

*004*2021-06-04 23:23

Chapter 2 – After so long

Amy flinched and stretched. A comforting sunlit ambience glowed from behind her curtains. They swayed gently from the breeze making its way through the window. Amy’s discreet diaper rustled as she shifted her weight beneath her covers. She winced as she felt a familiar dampness cling to her crotch. She sighed, exhaling a long breath, then turned to face Cutiefly curled up on her plump cushion at the side of the room.

Amy laid there silently. She had dreamt about the championship match on the TV the day before. She briefly imagined herself in the arena facing up against Artax’s G-Max Blastoise. She dreamt that she was the one fighting it. The crowd were screaming as they do at every match. The screams had eventually turned to laughter. Shame drowned her as she imagined succumbing to her inevitable fate. With everyone in the region watching she knew she’d end up wetting on the pitch. She wanted the Blastoise to use a water move, or any move. She wanted the arena to be filled in water so she could hide her accident. But it never came. Everyone was stood laughing at her. Judging her. Shaming her. The dream had ended with Cutiefly appearing from beneath her and emitting a Dazzling Gleam so bright that her vision had gone white and she woke up in the middle of the night covered in sweat.

Maybe I could. Maybe I reeaallyy could. If I just… prepared… every time. Had stuff with me. You don’t need to face the damn champion… just… go. Just go?

Amy had been desperate to start her own adventure for a few years now. She wanted to experience what was out there. She wanted to go camping with Cutiefly and build a team. Of course everyone idolised the thought of being the champion, which Amy admittedly had too, but she just wanted to do what everyone else was doing. Instead she had hidden herself away for most of her life too ashamed and vulnerable to commit to actually leaving. Her mother was fully understanding, if not sometimes just as exhausted about Amy’s constant low moods and lack of enthusiasm. Amy’s father worked away for some large corporation in Hoenn. She rarely saw him. All she knew is he monitored weather or something.

I will! Today! I will!

Every morning, Amy would start by convincing herself to get ready and head straight to Professor Sonia’s lab and register as a new challenger. She constantly tossed the trio in her head. Grookey? She thought. Maybe too much of a handful? They always seemed so playful. So full of character. The complete opposite to her. Maybe that’s what she needed though? And Scorbunny. So much energy. Every Scorbunny she had seen was mischievous and running around playing. She knew that would be fun but possibly too tiring. She thought Sobble’s were cute but she saw too much of herself in them. Quiet. Reserved. She knew she would get on really well with a Sobble but thought one would not encourage her to come out of her own shell. She sighed again and pressed her hand into her pyjama shorts. The puffy diaper squished beneath her hand. She buried her head into her duvet. Not today then maybe. Her condition always immediately killed her mood.

~

Amy was woken up by Cutiefly tickling her face. She huffed and blew Cutiefly away, waving her hands in the air. Cutiefly chirped and sang. It was now late morning. Amy’s mother had already silently come into her room and opened her curtains. A couple of Pidoves were perched on the fence outside her window.

The diaper seemed to be unchanged from earlier that morning. Amy eventually crawled out of her bed and onto her thick Love Ball themed rug. Amy could feel the sogginess of the diaper slip against the skin of her crotch. She didn’t dislike the feeling. She had been dealing with her condition for so long now. She just hated that it was a thing. Why her? She dragged herself to her en-suite and locked the door. Cutiefly chirped as Amy disappeared behind the door but knew where she was going.

Now by herself, Amy relaxed and felt a fresh wave of warm pee fill her already plump diaper. No one could see her in here. No one could judge her. No one could laugh at her. In here she was in full control of her somewhat seemingly uncontrollable condition. At least by doing it on purpose she was doing it by choice. She had no idea why but it made her feel better about it all. She must have used it at least twice in the night as a few leaks dribbled down the inside of her legs. She wiggled her toes against the cold tiled flooring as the patter of the leaks fell around her. Once finished she squashed the diaper against her skin again. The warmth spread around and slightly inside of her. The pressure caused the diaper to leak some more. She began to throb.

Amy decided to spend as much time possible without protection. She re-entered her bedroom smelling like her favourite Aromatic Golden Razz Mist. She thought it amusing that it was something golden that made her dirty but also something golden that made her clean. She had put on yet another pair of black leggings beneath a skirt. She knew from experience that if anything were to ever happen she could easily sit or squat and lift the skirt. The black leggings would always hide an accident if she didn’t have time to lower them as well. She had put on a khaki green tshirt with a repeated Unown pattern running across it. She then hid her posture with an oversized black hoodie. Cutiefly instinctively fluttered over and nested comfortably inside Amy’s hood.

From her window Amy could see the professor’s lab across the fields. She rubbed her chin and pondered. I could. I can! I should. I want to. I can! I will! I will!. She left her house with a spring in her step.

The Budew’s in the garden shook and danced when Amy closed the front door. She smiled. Budew’s had been squatting in almost every garden in Postwick for years. They were great at keeping away any stray Caterpies which ate the plants. Amy took a deep breath. The air was always pleasant here. Clean and fresh. Thick as well like a soup. Amy confidently strolled down the lane against the field. Wooloos were rolling around as they usually do. A few Dubwools were jousting for dominance. Miltanks bellowed from the farmer’s shed at the end of the field.

Amy could feel the air rush beneath her skirt. She shivered. She always felt free when she wasn’t wearing protection. She knew it was a risk but was trying to adjust herself into becoming normal. Cutiefly rose out of Amy’s hood and stretched its body in mid air. She darted around Amy as she walked, stretching her little wings and taking in the sunlight. Cutiefly’s pink fur really stood out when the weather was like this. She would emit glitter like dust when in a good mood. Sometimes she drew more attention than Amy would have liked but she ensured herself people were looking at Cutiefly and not at her. Shinies were rare and Amy just happened to have one.

There was one family waiting outside the lab when Amy arrived. Two parents and a young boy probably no older than 14. He was stood with a huge grin covering his face. His fists were clenched in excitement. He was staring up at Sonia. Her long ginger hair was styled over her eye and was up in her recognisable oversized ponytail. The bottom of her white lab coat was grass stained and her sleeves were rolled up to her elbows.

Sonia threw three Pokeballs out to the soft tarmac pitch to the side of the lab. Three short, baby blue glows erupted from the balls leaving a Grookey, Scorbunny, and a Sobble curled up on the ground. All three instantly stretched out as they awoke. The Grookey stood and fell back down onto its backside before tapping away at the ground, swaying left and right. The Scorbunny tapped it’s feet on the floor before running straight up a nearby tree before sitting nonchalantly on a branch. The bark of the tree had been scorched where the bunny had ran. The Sobble stood bolt upright and took in its surroundings. It shuffled its feet together before slipping into the small pond at the base of the tree. It bobbed up slightly so it’s eyes were resting just above the water level, observing.

Sonia laughed and the boy jumped before running over to the commotion. He came to a halt beside Grookey. The Scorbunny’s foot was swinging as it sat on the branch, almost carelessly watching the boy’s reaction. Grookey looked up and excitedly waved its arms around. The boy smiled and laughed. The two seemed to emit the same level of energy. Amy smiled at the scene. The boy leant down and awkwardly picked up Grookey.

“This one!” he yelled out loud, ruffling Grookey’s fur as he held it beneath its arms. The Grookey rhythmically patted its paws against the boy’s hands. He turned towards his parents.

“This one!” he yelled again, still smiling from ear to ear. Cutiefly had perched atop Amy’s head, ruffling into her hair. Sonia had turned to face Amy. Amy blushed.

“Nice Cutiefly” she called over, raising a hand. Cutiefly instantly pushed away from Amy’s head and landed on Sonia’s hand. Amy was shocked. She had never seen Cutiefly react so quickly to someone else, let alone trust someone enough to fly straight to them. Amy nervously walked towards Sonia.

“She’s lovely” Sonia encouraged. Amy nodded.

“Yeah she is” she agreed quietly. Amy sounded a quick whistle and Cutiefly glittered over Sonia’s hand before darting around Amy, confidently forcing her way in one side of her hoodie’s pocket and out the other before curling back up in the hood and perching over the side to watch Sonia.

“Well trained too” Sonia remarked, impressed. Amy smiled.

“One second…” Sonia said, gesturing with both hands before turning back to the boy.

“So you’ll take Grookey, the grass Pokemon?” she asked, offering the boy Grookey’s ball.

“Yes! Yes!”

“Very well, he’s all yours” Sonia smiled. She pressed the button on the front of the ball and the same glow emitted, surrounding the Grookey in the boy’s hands as it retreated into the ball. The ball gave a quick shake as Grookey returned. She gave the ball a tight squeeze and it shrunk into her palm. She handed it to the boy who excitedly tried and failed but eventually attached the ball to his obviously brand new Pokeball belt.

“Would you both like to come inside and sign the paperwork?” Sonia asked the boy’s parents. They agreed and followed Sonia indoors.

“I’ll be back out soon. Don’t go anywhere!” Sonia said to Amy who was stood there hiding her hands inside the sleeves of her hoody.

The courtyard went quiet as the family went inside the lab. Both Scorbunny and Sobble were glaring at Amy. She felt uncomfortable and shifted her weight. She thought about turning away and leaving. No! Stay! You’re here! This is the closest you’ve ever been! He was like… twelve? You’re eighteen. Stay! You can do this!

The Scorbunny continued to watch from its branch. It was sat with its arms crossed leaning against the trunk of the tree. It had one leg still swinging freely. The Sobble was bowling bubbles beneath the water. It’s bright yellow head fin was twitching as the flies around the pond got near. It eventually rose up out of the water and leaned against the grass. It slowly crawled out of the water and towards Amy. She looked down and flinched. Sobble was curious. It sniffed at Amy’s trainers before attaching itself to her leg. It’s skin was damp. She could feel the moisture absorbing into the bottom of her jeans. She could feel its weight pull against her. The Scorbunny blew a flash of fire and jumped from the tree. Amy stood staring at Scorbunny. Neither blinked. Scorbunny tilted its head. Its large ears rustled in the breeze. Amy instinctively tilter her head too. She didn’t know why. The Scorbunny seemed to scoff. Amy returned the gesture.

“You’re a natural” Sonia laughed as she led the family out of the lab, seeing the Sobble attached to Amy’s leg and Scorbunny’s attention fully on her. Upon seeing Sonia, both Pokemon returned tot eh centre of the soft tarmac as if trained to wait patiently to be chosen.

“Come on Charlie” the mother encouraged as the boy still seemed dazed by the whole experience.

“Coming!” he replied, still smiling. Amy appreciated his energy.

“Good luck!” he said to Amy as he passed by her. She took the comment with surprise.

“Umm… thanks” she replied, not sure how to react. She rarely spoke to anyone. She was too nervous to speak to people or make friends. But this kid didn’t know her or about her condition.

“So?” Sonia asked. Amy diverted her gaze back to the professor.

“So what?”

“So… which do you want? That’s why you’re here… right?”

Amy didn’t respond.

“I’ve seen you around here. Watching. From over there” Sonia gestured towards the main road out of the village. Amy blushed.

“It’s a big step. But you’re older than most that come through here. You’ll be fine” she smiled.

Amy began to feel nervous. This was bad. Nervousness usually meant her bladder would spasm. She closed her eyes and tried to calm herself. Sonia looked worried.

“You okay?” she asked. Cutiefly knew something was wrong and flew over Amy’s head and hovered at her nose. She rested her tiny head against Amy’s and purred. Amy naturally embraced Cutiefly and held her close. Amy was calm. She loved her little friend. They knew each other very well.

“You two have a great bond” Sonia remarked, almost surprised.

“Yeah” Amy replied, catching her breath.

“Hmm” Sonia thought out loud, “Wait here again. Take your time. Go see them both” she gestured over to Scorbunny and Sobble, “I’m just going to go get something” she said slowly before returning back into the lab.

Amy turned once again to face the remaining Pokemon beside her. Cutiefly squeezed free from Amy’s hands and rested itself in front of the starter Pokemon. Sobble blew a bubble and Cutiefly sent a short gust from it’s wings towards it. It popped and sparkled. The two continued to play. Amy noticed Scorbuny making its way over to her. This one wasn’t as excitable as she had seen them before. Its fur around it’s neck and chest were ruffled and thicker than she had seen before too. This one’s… female?

Amy immediately felt more comfortable around another female Pokemon. She couldn’t think why. Maybe because it might understand her? Or she’ll understand it? This one seemed calm and collected. It was careful with its movements and gestures. Amy nervously squatted down and sat atop her calves. She was almost at eye level with Scorbunny. They stared into each other’s eyes. Amy smiled. Scorbunny’s ear twitched then she reached out her paws and touched Amy’s face. Amy winced as the paws rested against her face.

Scorbunny let out a whine like noise the jumped into Amy’s lap. It had chosen her. Just like how Cutiefly had chosen her years ago. Amy felt emotional. Tears welled in her eyes. After so long she remembered what it was like to make another new friend. Sobble had noticed the situation and coracked, returning to the water to blow bubbles. Cutiefly whizzed around Amy and Scorbunny and joined them both, curling up in Amy’s lap as well. A tear fell from Amy’s face. Cutiefly flapped a wing and the tear dissolved into a multicoloured burst droplet. Amy hugged them both tightly.

