Punished

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-06-02 20:30

I sat at my desk, writing an overdue essay for my professor. My legs began to squeeze my pee hole as I felt a slight desperation grow on me. I decided to forget about it and let it grow more. Eventually, it got too hard to hold and my hand was pressed against my crotch, my hips bucking up and down in my seat. I stood up with a hand in my crotch and walked into my en suite, but before I could enter, my best friend Emily was stood in front of the bathroom doorway, frowning at me.

"Hey, whatever this scolding is, can it please wait? I really needa pee, man."

"Oh hell no. Why did you tell everyone about my pregnancy?!"

"Oh..I'm so sorry, Emily, it slipped out. I promise I'll patch things up!" My voice began to wobble as my situation got more urgent and I was now doubled over, wobbling around on the spot with my legs crossed together.

"No the fuck you won't, now everyone thinks I'm trailer trash, thanks to you!"

"I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to, Em! If I could make it up to you, I swear, I'd do anything!"

"Anything?" Her smirk grew but I was too desperate to notice, so I mumble out a response.

"Yeah...yeah anything!" Emily watched me bounce on the spot and moan quietly with a smirk on her face. Bitch.

"Alright, I'll tolerate you."

"T-thank you, can I please-"

"IF, you hold your pee until tomorrow morning! I see your situation and it's quite funny watching you."

"W-what...I can barely hold on now? I can't wet myself in class, Emily, I'll do anything but that, man, please." I started whimpering and bouncing my legs rapidly to prove my point but to no avail.

"Nah. If you can embarass me then I can do the same to you. Best start holding on cause I ain't letting you use the toilet for the whole day." And off she went...with our bathroom key.

I finished my essay with great difficulty. And by that, I mean writing a few words and then pressing my heel against my pee hole for a few seconds before doing it again. Emily came back to the dorm with a large water bottle in her hand.

"Cmon, we got geography in B block. Drink up, buttercup!" She shoved the water bottle in my hand as I walked behind her with a firm grip on my pussy. I got some serious looks as I bent over every now and again, but It was all over once I sat down and was able to hide my fidgeting and crotch grabbing under my desk. At least I thought it was.

"Hey class, sorry I'm late. We're gonna be going through rivers and dams in the natural environment!"

Oh fuck. I could see Emily's ecstatic grin from a mile away, despite her being right next to me. My legs began to wobble more as I started to lose control on my hold. Whilst the teacher bellowed out words like "water", "trickle" and "waterfall", I gripped onto my crotch until it burned, stopping any drip of pee from rolling into my panties...until.

"Ok guys, im gonna put on the video now. The guys gonna talk more about it in depth so make sure to take your notes!"

"Uh ohhhh, Ashley, looks like you're gonna watch waaaattteeerrr."

She was right. It was unbearable. Watching recordings of water trickle down rocks was harder than expected. I fanned out my legs and held my pee hole to my hearts content, but pee began to dribble out one by one until a golf ball sized patch was created on my panties. Emily watched with enjoyment whilst taking her notes, I couldn't take any of mine. Finally the video finished along with the lesson, but the day was far from over.

Our last period was gym except I forgot one important detail....it was swimming.

Taking off my clothes in a tiny cubile whilst holding my crotch wasn't fun, as well as Emily watching with a grin. Pee dribbling out bit by bit wasn't easy to hide when naked. It rolled down my leg and dripped onto the floor slowly.

"Oooo, are you gonna pee peeeeee?" Emily cooed, loudly, making the changing rooms silent for a few seconds.

My hand covered my quivering pussy as I slipped on my bathing suit, but not for long, as Emily took my hand and led me to a toilet cubicle.

"I need to pee and you're gonna watch me!"

"W-what...you never said I needed to do that..?"

"Oh I'm sorry, I don't remember there being an agreement, Ashley?" I rolled my eyes as she forced me onto the floor and threw her naked ass onto the toilet seat. Before long, there was a tiny trickle turning into a long stream lasting 20 seconds. I squirmed on the floor with my hand pressed onto my pee hole. More and more pee drops rolled into my bathing suit as I began to tear up. My hand went numb at this point, constantly holding my pee in to no avail.

"Emily please...let me pee."

"Hmmmm...NAHHHH." Her laugh annoyed me at this point. I wanted to just push her off the seat and let out my warm piss, but I'll lose Emily as my one and only friend and be a complete loner. And her being my roommate makes things super awkward. Why did this happen? Why was my mouth so big?!

"Alright, I'm done. Let's get in the pool!" She dragged me out of the cubicle and out to the swimming pool, pushing me into it as she let out a loud cackle. My pee lost control slightly and hissed out of my pussy, showing up brightly in the pool water. Thankfully it wasnt noticed, so I swam away as quick as possible.

Through the lesson, I squirmed and held my pee hole in the water, watching Emily giggle and whisper to her friend next to her. It hurt. It really hurt. My eyes began to tear up as I realised I'd have to lose my only friend and being the school loner again. Pee dripped out in between my fingers one by one, making it almost impossible to hold.

Eventually, the whistle was blown and the instructor told us to go get changed. I was done. I didnt even care at this point. As I climbed out of the pool, my pee began to spill and I left tiny pools of piss on the floor behind me. I plopped my ass down on a sink a pulled my swimsuit to one side, moaning loudly and letting out a jet of piss. The entire room of girls stood in shock but I didn't care, I just loved the relief. Emily laughed away, keeping her eyes on my pussy as it let out the remainder of my pee. Everyone eventually continued to get changed, but stared as I got down and walked to my cubicle. Humiliation wasn't the word.

"Ash...can't lie...that was fuckin hot. And either way I'd still be your friend, I just wanted to see you desperate to pee." She let out a hacking laughed as I realised I had just been tricked. Not funny but definitely clever.

(Pt 2, anyone? Potential revenge story on Emily???)

(UPDATE: PT.2 is in the comments!)

*002*2023-06-04 12:55

{{11 hours ago, holding84 said:

Great story.

Let het make revenge of it. Vut not in the Pool.. hehe and a totally wetting.

}}

Coming soon!

*003*2023-06-04 13:44

A few weeks went by and everyone seemed to forget about everything. Emily and me were still friends but I spited her as she started becoming friends with the popular kids and I was left behind. I knew I had to get back at her. What better way than to humiliate her infront of her little buddies?

As I waited patiently with the bathroom key on the end of my bed, Emily came running in with her hand in her crotch.

"Wooo that was a long ass lecture. I needa pee JETS right now."

"Yeah, no. You ain't getting away so easily."

"Ashley, why is the door locked. Please unlock it, I really need to pee!" I stood infront of her, twidling the keys in my hand as Emily bounced on the spot with her hands in her crotch. Good. She felt exactly as I felt before. Sweet revenge.

"I want you to feel exactly what I felt when you humiliated me. So you're gonna hold your pee until tomorrow, too." Emily's eyes widened as her legs twisted and turned in an attempt to hold back her pee. Her face was contorted and her hands were squeezed in between her thighs. I could imagine the piss drops wanting to drip out from her pee hole but not being able to roll out into her perfectly pink panties.

"N-no. I'm not doing that. Ashley, please, no one talks about it anymore."

"If you use the toilet at all in the time or wet yourself, I'll tell your sweet, gullible friends about what you've been doing behind their backs. Mkay? Come on, let's go to lunch." I grabbed Emily's hand and led her out of our dorm room, feeling absolutely unstoppable. When people stared, I felt relieved that they weren't staring at me, but at Emily, who's hand was probably going numb from holding her crotch.

We got to our lunch table with our food and sat down. Emily sat across from me, doubled over in her seat and moaning quietly. She squirmed her ass around, bucking her hips with her hand pressed on her desperate pussy. I watched in pure bliss as I ate my salad and drinking my drink.

"Come on, buttercup. Drink up!" I sloshed her water bottle in her face and grinned. Emily moaned even louder, squirming noticeably and keeping her hands in her crotch. She grabbed her water and clenched it with pure desperation.

"Ash, please. I can't do this. I don't want to wet myself. I don't think I can-" Emily gasped. "Oh god, some just leaked out." She showed me her golf ball pee patch on her panties under the table before clasping her hands on her pussy again. Eventually the bell rang for our next classes, I led Emily out of the cafeteria and into the girls toilets, where I took her into the cubicle with me.

"Alright, I'm gonna pee real quick. Have a sit." Emily slid onto the floor and clenched her quivering pussy with her hands as she listened to my sweet relief. I finished up my long pee as Emily ran on the spot with her hands in between her legs. Beads of sweat collected on her contorted forehead.

"Art class next, Em. I think we're doing life drawing next and I want you to be our pissy model." I giggled as I washed my hands for a lengthy time, giving Emily a chance to hear water fall just like I had to subject to. Watching her wiggle around on the spot and bounce up and down in the mirror was super satisfying. Sweet revenge.

We walked into our art class with a podium in the middle of all of our canvases. I knew exactly what was going to happen and was so ready to humiliate Emily even more than I was. What made this better?

"Alright class, a little bit of an R rated lesson. We're going to be painting live models except they're going to strip completely naked. This lesson will help you to capture your particular model in all their glory. Now, who would like to consent to becoming our beautiful model?" I raised Emily's available hand and the teacher nodded towards us. "Em? You want to do it?" I kicked Emily in the leg, forcing her to participate. Boy, was this gonna be fun!

Emily stripped her clothing with great difficulty behind the cover in the classroom, but seeing her silhouette was just as fun. Watching her grab her crotch whilst wriggling around on her the spit and bucking her hips up and down was nothing short of satisfying. I couldn't wait for the live drawing.

Emily sat on the podium, completely stripped naked. She wriggled her naked ass around the podium seat with a crotch on her hand, but after carefully watching her pussy, I could see more piss drops rolling around. Her face contorted to a beautiful level, I could only dream of what she would look like when wetting herself infront of our entire class.

"Em, could you move your hand to your knee, please, Sweetie? Thank you." Emily hesitated but seemed to get a control on her pee hole and placed her hands delicately in her lap. Her hips were the only thing stopping her from pissing herself, but I could clearly see her lose control. I wanted to make her life so much more miserable so I asked our teacher for beach/whale sounds to play as we concentrated on painting every curve that Emily had. She agreed and began playing her Spotify playlist, which made Emily wriggle around slightly more quickly that before, wild eyes darting everywhere around the room.

"Ok Em, I'm gonna need you to stand up on the podium with your hands flat on your legs, please?"

"R-really? Um...okay, yeah, sure." Emily looked upset with how things were turning out and that really did put a smile on my face. Emily's hands slowly drifted towards her crotch, but she quickly snapped them back to position when our teacher looked up from her canvas. Emily wrapped her legs around each other to stop her quivering pussy from releasing her hot piss in class. I started getting impatient with the results of her desperation until I noticed a few drops of pee escape from her pee hole, rolling down her legs slowly. Water crashing sounds with no clothes and a pee hole a few seconds away from bursting open with a jet of piss can only mean disaster. And I was glad.

Emily squirmed and bounced, grabbing everyone's attention. Eventually, she gave up and held her beautiful pussy in her hands. Everyone started finishing up their drawings until...

A gasp from Emily.

A loud short hiss.

The sound of Emily's legs clamping together and hands clasping onto her pussy.

She was about to lose it.

"Oh god...oh miss...I'm sorry I gotta go I-" Emily's piss began hissing out of her pussy. She ran to the sink in the corner as her pee splashed out of her and onto the floor, leaving a wobbly trail as she ran with desperation. Emily only managed to get a small fraction of her pee in the sink, holding up her pussy in a V shape to direct the remainder of her stream. Everyone stopped and stared with gaping mouths.

It was hot. And there was still not a single thing I needed to tell her friends. I just wanted her to feel EXACTLY like I felt. And I bet she fucking did.

(Hope y'all enjoyed!!!! Another part? Or new series?)

*006*2023-06-05 17:36

{{14 hours ago, Babedut123 said:

What about a part where they argue who had it worse and settle it via a pee holding competition? Locking the door going out in public, like it was an ordinary day untill one of them has an accident?

}}

I could think about doing this in another story with the same characters, as I'm not too well versed with purposeful pee holding/competitive pee holding, but I'll give it a go at some point when I know more!

{{8 hours ago, Heloctre said:

Another great chapter, i found it very well writen !

I'd like to see a chapter where the two girls find themselves desperate for a pee and end up humiliting each other.

They resent and why nit decide to humiliate the wrong people or school bullies.

}}

Thank you very much!

I was actually thinking on ending the story similarly to your suggestion, so I'll definitely be doing this at some point in the near future

*007*2023-06-05 18:35

Me and Emily called a truce and we have been pretty close every since. Anything about peeing has been an inside joke to us and we take those things pretty well. But we're still competitive.

As we sat in our dorm room in our free period, both of our legs began to cross and our asses started to wiggle in our seats. We couldn't use our bathroom in our dorm as it seemed to be broken, which made things a LOT more difficult.

"Damn I need to pee. When are they gonna come fix our toilet?" Emily asked.

"I dunno, but I'm gonna need a bathroom break soon."

"But the nearest toilets are across campus, man. I don't think I can trek that long."

"Welp, guess we need to hold it then." I said, snarkly. Me and Em looked at each other with a smirk, knowing exactly what to do. I began to hold my crotch tightly with one hand, wriggling around in my desk chair. Emily, on the other hand, bounced up and down while sat down on her bed, both hands dug in-between her legs. I could see our desperation growing and realised how fun it would be if we both held our pee until one bursts.

"Last one standing? See how long we can hold our piss for? We've embarrassed ourselves enough, so why not?" Emily giggled. I agreed to her idea and we carried on with our projects in sweet silence.

As I began writing more, I noticed a few drops of piss leaking into my panties, so I opted for a heel pressed against my pee hole. It managed to hold my pee from leaking, but I couldn't work without wriggling around and pressing my hand to my crotch every now and again. Out of curiosity, I turned around to see Emily doubled over in her desk chair, hands dug into her crotch. I could only imagine her aching pussy as pee threatened to spill out, her panties were most likely drenched by the look of her desperation compared to mine.

Eventually, a few hours went past and we were bouncing around in our room, taking it in turns to stand up and wiggle on the spot, our legs crossed tightly around each other like pretzels. I sat down after a few minutes of stand wriggling and let Emily do the same, except her wriggling was more of a frenzied bounce around our room, with her hands dug in between her thighs. I could see her fingers pressing against her hole. Suddenly, Emily gasped and looked down.

"Oh god..." A massive 5 second jet of piss came shooting out of her aching pussy and dribbled down her exposed legs, causing her pjama shorts to become drenched "Oh no, I think I'm gonna wet myself, Ash."

I giggled as I realised I could win and be able to relieve myself in our plant pot instead of having the horrible fate of wetting myself once again. That was until a singular jet of pee leaked out through my fingers and onto my desk chair. I looked down then back up at Emily in horror. We both clamped our hands in our crotches, wondering when our toilet would be fixed. This wasn't a good idea...

30 minutes went by and a knock on our door caused us to jump.

"Hey ladies, sorry I'm late, I've come to fix your bathroom." A tall, chubby guy came into our dorm room with a tool box. Relief wasn't the word. We nodded him into our bathroom and let him do his thing.

"Oh thank fuck, now we might be able to end this challenge and go for a huge piss." Emily sighed.

"I agree with that."

Eventually, both of our situations reached maximum levels and we were both doubled over, moaning quietly to ourselves with only our hands stopping our large, hot streams of pee from shooting out of our pee holes. Emily put her heel against her pee hole and bounced around on the floor. I opted for wriggling my hips side to side and wrapping my legs so my pee hole wouldn't release anything.

"Oh god, I- I cant do it. I think I'm gonna-" Emily ran over to our large plant pot in the corner and squatted, releasing her pee before she could even get her panties to one side. Hearing her pee squirt out of her aching piss hole didn't help, but I'm glad I won our little game. Emily's stream came to an end and she sighed with relief. I was still left with a mostly full bladder and soaked panties from previous leaking.

"Welp, I lost. But I'm glad I can chillax now. You still have to wait heh." Emily was right. The toilet was far from fixed and running to the other side of campus would result in a humiliating wetting infront of our entire school. The thought of this made me leak some more, which made my hands cup around my pussy more.

"Oh god, I cant hold it anymore, Em. Can ya find me a bottle to piss i-in or something?" My contorted face made Emily worry, so she began to scramble around our room as I was stuck in one spot, restricting my hands to my crotch and my legs wrapped around each other. Eventually, Emily found a small rectangular container and held it out to me. I couldn't grab it. I'd leak everywhere.

"C-can you help me, Em..?"

"O-oh uh, you mean- yeah sure." Emily walked behind me and awkwardly started to work around my hands to pull my panties down. I began to leak before my panties were pulled down, which required me to clamp my legs together. Emily reassured me that I needed to let go and that was the last thing I heard, before leaning my weight on her and releasing my hot piss into the container. It was too relieving, I could only moan loudly and close my eyes, as Emily rested her head on my shoulder.

We didn't even realise the toilet guy standing in our room with his toll box in hand, signalling our toilet was fixed. Embarrassing. But still relieving.

(This is the last part of Punished, so I'll no longer be working on this story and will move on to different stories. I may still use the characters but not in this exact story!

Also I hope Babedut123 and Heloctre enjoy this, as I decided to mash both of their suggestions into this story! Have a great day and happy reading!)

