First Date

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-06-06 17:44

SMUT WARNING! (If sexual acts aren't your thing, then either skip this story or stop at line: '...not caring who would hear.')

Danny was so pretty. His long eyelashes sprouting from above his dark chocolate eyes. His slick back blond hair shining in the sunlight. He's been my crush for the past couple of years, so this date is like heaven for me. We walked up to our local funfair with our hands linked, swinging them around.

"Soooo, what ride first, Ash?" Danny looked at my eyes then my outfit, consisting of a mid rise skirt above my knees and a tight fitting crop top. Danny stuck with a plain white tee and blue jeans. He still looked amazing.

"Uhhh, maybe the ferris wheel?" I began to wriggle around on the spot as I felt a wave of desperation come over me.

"Ash, do you need the toilet? The bathrooms are-"

"N-no don't worry, I'm ok! Just a bit chilly from wearing this skirt."

"Hm, alright then, let's go!" Danny grabbed my hand and led me to the ferris wheel line. My desperation could wait, it was gonna be fine. Or so I thought.

As we waited for our spot for the ferris wheel, my legs began to turn around each other. The large tea started catching up to me. My available hand started to drop to my crotch but Danny looked over, so I snapped it back next to my leg. I opted for a small wriggle on the spot but it didn't help all that much. Eventually, our turn was up and Danny paid for our go and led me inside of the carriage. Sitting down on a cold glass seat did NOT help and increased my desperation further. My hips were swishing side to side and my hand was holding my crotch tightly.

"Wow, what a beautiful view, Ash." Danny looked outside through the glass with such optimism. I would usually notice his beautiful features, but I was too busy focusing on not wetting myself infront of my potential boyfriend. My legs were rubbing against each other, my ass wriggled with speed. It didn't go unnoticed, but Danny didn't say anything, instead, he cleared his throat and continued to look outside. I could see his bulge hardening from a mile away. He was enjoying this.

Eventually, the ride ended and my desperation reached maximum levels that I almost couldn't get up. Pee was pushing against my finger, wanting to release from my aching pee hole, but my firm grip on my pussy stopped it from dripping out into my panties. I was about to walk towards the girls bathrooms, but Danny grabbed my hand and led me to the go karts. A pee desperate girl's worst nightmare. He was doing it on purpose.

"Hey uh, Danny, could I quickly just-"

"Ohhh I love go karts, this is gonna be so much fun!" The grin on his face was unintelligible, but I was too busy lowering my body and wriggling around to hold my pee, so I didn't notice. The staff member clipped us in to separate go karts, which scared me even more. I could at least hide my crotch grabbing from Danny, as it seemed unladylike.

"Alright, kiddos. Keep your arms in the vehicles and have fun!" And the starting horn blared. Focusing on driving the kart around the small course and holding my raging piss was difficult. One hand in my crotch and one hand on the wheel, except more focus was put into grabbing my quivering pussy. It was pointless. Pee began to escape into my panties, one drop, two drops etc.

"Hey Ash!" Danny grinned widely and drove past me, bumping into me slightly on purpose. I smiled, realising he wanted me to piss myself, but felt nervous that I actually would. With no warning, a child bumped into me from the back and a large 3 second pee stream escape, making me gasp loudly and stop on the course to put both of my hands into my crotch, pressing individual fingers onto my pee hole. Eventually the stream stopped, so I raced to the end with great difficulty. I came in last place but I didn't even care anymore. As soon as the staff member unclipped my seatbelt, I ran out of the go kart course with both hands in my crotch.

"Hey, did that bitch piss in my go kart?!" I barely heard him, as all I could hear was my footsteps, the screams of excited children and my heart pounding out of my chest. I ran into the girls bathrooms, rushing my panties down my legs before even getting into the cubicle. I began to pee standing up, before I felt hands around my waist. Danny grabbed me and kissed my neck deeply as I pissed all over the floor.

"Danny! N-no!" I grabbed my naked pussy with my hands, dragging my hands back and forth to stop my stream but to no avail. I was wetting myself, but I didn't care, the relief was too good. I found myself moaning out loud, not caring who would hear.

"That...was so hot, Ash." Danny began stroking my soaked pussy with his index finger with his lips still intact with my neck. I found myself melting into his touch, letting my weight rest on his. This was heaven.

I began to pull Danny's jeans down, letting out his rock hard dick spring out. I licked the tip and then took his whole cock in my mouth. Sucking his delicious dick was the last thing I expected to do in a funfairs public bathrooms, but I couldn't help myself. Danny let out his manly, scratchy groans, running his fingers through my hair before taking a firm grip on my head. I sucked his cock deeper, taking it all in, whilst stroking my wet pussy with such force.

"O-oh my god, I think I'm gonna cum. Oh my-" Danny let out one last loud groan before filling my mouth with his load. I rested my head on the cubicle wall, letting out a breathy laugh. Danny smiled at me and took my hand.

We spent most of the date freshening up but it was so worth it.

*002*2023-06-07 14:55

{{2 hours ago, Daredare205 said:

OMG This was so hot! Please do more, you're a really good writer!

}}

Thank you so much!

I'll definitely do more of this stuff!

