Gotta' Tame Them All

Author: sameo15

*000*2013-12-05 20:38

(This is a fanfiction of the world of Pokemon, but with a twist! Please feel to give me feedback)

In this parrel world of Pokemon, the Pokemon population is at 20% Male, 80% Female. And the human population is 75% Male, 25% Female. Also, the 95% of the Female Pokemon population are Pokegirls, Pokemon Human hybrids. Basically anthros that look like Pokemon and that have Pokemon powers. Pokegirls can do all the same things a Pokemon can do, plus have sex with humans. No, they GRAVE sex with humans. In fact, once a Pokegirl is caught, to officially tame it and make it officially that the girl is fact yours, sexual intercourse is required.

Also, their are rules that protect the girls, such as you can only "tame" a girl once she is yours or caught. Raping or forced "taming" is illegal if she isn't yours. And even if she is, it is still illegal, but it's unnecessary to rape one since if you are nice and kind to her like a Trainer SHOULD be she'll WANT to have a taming session with you. Also, Pokegirls, while straight in nature, if their Trainer is female, they'll become bi or even lesbian for their trainer, as even the most stubborn of Pokegirls are fiercely loyal.

19 year old Seth from New Bark Town Johto sat in their in his cabin on the ship, taking all of the worlds greatest Trainers who weren't Gym Leaders, Elite Four or Champions to the Grand Tournament where trainers who topped 32 or higher in all 6 of the regional tournaments in the last ten years were invited.

Seth stated his journey when he 10 just like anyone else and got all the way here with a Top 2 finish Johto, a top 8 finish in Kanto, Hoen, and Sinoh, a Top four in Unova, and he finally won the whole thing in Kalos. And his very first Pokemon, Furret, who he named Ferra, was their the whole. Naturally, since he began when he was ten, he didn't need to tame them until he was 15, were his team's hormones also started to act up. Also, Pokegirls naturally go near someone who is around the same age as them, or would be ready for their hormones when they were. Seth didn't start actually "taming them till his fourth region, which was Sinoh, which was around the same time he turned 15 and lost his virginity to Ferra. (In other words, it's all innocent and cute until a Trainer reaches sexual maturity. THAN and only THAN is it naughty. So no loli/shota X Pokegirls!)

Seth sighed. He HATED being on ships, as did most trainers, as Pokemon AND Pokegirls were not aloud on the ship, unless they were in their Pokeballs. He sighed once again before taking out a Premier Ball and looked at it. Inside was his first Pokegirl and lover, Ferra. Even though she wasn't human, he loved her and she loved him back, despite that he had sex with his other Pokegirls to relive their sexual tension. Including her, he had a total of 31 Pokegirls, with all except Ferra hanging out with Professor Elm. During the tournament, he could choose his Pokegirls as he felt like between each round, so he had all except Ferra resting back home. He would leave Ferra there to, but she HATED being away from him and a Trainer needed at least one Pokemon/Pokegirl on them at all time anyway.

After a few minutes of just staring at her Pokeball, he started to put it away before she popped out all on her own and glopped him. "Wahh! I can't take it anymore! I can't sleep in that thing!" Ferra said as she laid right on top of him. To tail to ears, she was 6'5. But to feet to head, she was 5'5, while her trainer was 6 feet solid. (Her ears add a extra to inches and her tail an extra 10.) She had a white and brown pattern with a nice and fluffy pure white tail and brown ears and eyes. Her face was also pure white and so was her underside, which held her C cups. If you looked around her neck, you would also see a Poke collar to show she was owned.

Seth smiled lightly as he began to pet her ears lightly, with her leaning into his gently touch. He continued to pet her as he got her Pokeball ready. "I know, and I'm real sorry, but you gotta stay in you Pokeball out we'll all be disqualified, and we all work hard to get this far." he said as she looked up and nodded as she replied "Yes Master. I'm sorry." He gave her a smile and gave her a pat on the head before tapping her lghtly with the Pokeball as she entered it again.

The next morning, Seth left the boat with a smile, just as Ferra left her Pokeball and hugged him like she hadn't seen him in forever, which for her, was. He smiled at her as she began to stretch out they headed for the Pokemon Super League.

(Stay tuned for the next installment!)

*005*2013-12-07 06:09

Exactly! I could not have said it better myself, an I am the author! lol

*007*2013-12-08 01:50

Seth looked around the small tropical like Island after he headed off the S.S Ann with a smile on his face as Ferra held onto with a smile of her own. There was a huge arena, a hotel, and a few vendors around the arena. Other than the port that only could handle one large ship, that was it. Which made sense because this place was only active every five years. It was shut down the rest of the time. And honestly, the Arena itself wasn't as big as the regional arenas that sit could easily sit 5,000 to 10,000, while this one could only seat 1 or maybe two thousand at best.

But their was a reason for this. One, the most contestants that were here was 45 years ago when their was a total of 67. This year, their was 35 contestants in total, including Seth, which was the highest in 20 years. Two, the only way to see this Tournament was to get an invite, which he had to be a pretty important person with the Pokemon community to get one. Seth smiled at this fact, looking forward to the high level competition. His goal was simple: become The Pokemon League Grand Champion.

But first, the 5'10 brown haired hazel eyed 19 year old with a slight tan looked over the schedule for the next few days with Ferra. It read

- Day 1: The 35 contestants will battle in the eight mini stadiums in random Swiss rounds in three on three battles. First 16 contestants to beat three opponents move onto day two.

- Day 2: The 16 contestants left will fight in a single elimination full 6 on 6 tournament. All matches will take place one at a time until all eight matches have been decided.

- Day 3: The 8 contestants that remain will compete in rounds two and three of the single elimination tournament will take place on this day. Between rounds two and three, the four contestants that remain will have a three hour brake with a interview somewhere within that time. Interview is mandatory.

- Day 4: The two contestants that remain with participate n a mandatory interview before their Match at noon. Winner will be interviewed followed immediately by the Grand Champions Ceremony, which will be followed the Closing ceremony.

Below was the list of times for the events.

After Seth had read and thoroughly memorized the list, he looked at his watch and saw that he had about an hour before swiss rounds began. He looked down at his fav Pokegirl with a mischievous grin and said "Do you wanna check out out room for a bit while you wait for the tourny to start?" Which, she replied "I would love to, my Master~" with glee in her voice as she practically skipped to the hotel with him.

*008*2013-12-18 04:48

Will post tomorrow. Please keep the feedback coming!

