My first fiction story

Author: Melificentfan

*000*2015-08-27 14:13

Chug Chug Chug Scarlet and Casidy were shouting at Kasey. They were at a bar with eachother they have known eachother ever since they were little kids. Scarlet is tall with a very good figure and thin then Casidy is kind of on the chubby side but she's not that chubby with long black hair and scarlet is short and thin with brunett hair. Kasey was on her 5th beer. Scarlet smiles sipping her third beer and Casidy was on her forth beer. Kasey finished up her beer putting the empty glass down crossing her legs under the table squirming around "I don't know about you two but I have to pee so badly"she said to scarlet and Casidy. Casidy and scarlet both nod with there legs crossed under the table "I do to"Casidy said squirming around. "Same here"Scarlet said looking around and she spots the bathroom but there's a line of 5girls all desperate to pee.

Scarlet, Casidy and Kasey all got up from the table holding themselves squirming around and they join the line for the bathroom. Kasey gasps feeling a 3srcond squirt leave her pee whole and dampen her panties "Um guys"she says looking at scarlet and Casidy "I can't hold it much longer"she says whimpering looking over at the men's room finding it empty. Scarlet and Casidy both follow her gaze "Are you thinking what I'm thinking Kacey?"asks Scarlet squirming, Kasey nods hobbling over to the men's room opening the door finding it empty as scarlet and Casidy follow her there were one working stall and two urinals. "Scarlet looks over at Kasey and Casidy squirming on the spot "I'll take the stall and you two get the urinals"she said before they can even object she rushes into the stall sliding her panties down letting loose a long strong stream into the bowl sighing in relief.

Kasey whimpers hobbling over to a urinal undoing her shorts feeling a second squirt leave her she quickly slides them and her panties down positioning herself over the urinal letting loose a long stream sighing in relief. casidy watches Kasey "O fuck it" she mumbles hobbling to the second urinal indoing her jeans sliding her jeans and panties down positioning herself over the urinal letting loose a long hard stream sighing in relief. tge three best friends continued to go then pretty soon Scarlets stream came to a trickle and a stop so she wipes then standing up she pulls up her panties and pants, she flushes the toilet walking out seeing her two best friends aren't done yet she walks over to the sink washing her hands and waits on them to finish.

Casidys stream comes to a trickle and stops she gets a tissue out of her purse wiping and she flushes the urinal pulling up her panties and jeans smiling, she walks over to the sink and washes her hands then stands beside scarlet waiting on Kasey to finish. Kaseys stream soon comes to a trickle stopping and she wipes with a tissue pulling up her panties and jeans flushing the urinal walking over to the sink washing her hands. As they all walk out of the bathroom Kasey asks "Whose up for another round?"Scarlet and Casidy both look at her and they say at the same time" I'm good but you go ahead".

This is my very first fiction story so please be nice thanks

*002*2015-08-27 14:50

Thanks ^__^

