The Conduit

Author: Garrus

*000*2014-10-01 02:34

I didn't really plan on writing a story but I got in the mood and here is the result, it's a bit short and probably has errors, but i hope it's readable. I'll try and keep this up and continue the story, i'm not sure where it will lead yet, but I hope you enjoy

The Conduit

Darkness, the perfect cover for those who wish to remain unseen, and currently there was nothing Sarah wanted more than to remain unseen. Sarah crept through the silent house with a stealth so perfect casual observers would have been amazed at their inability to observe the utter stealthiness of this individual; or so Sarah liked to believe. In reality it does not take much effort to remain unnoticed in a house where two out of the three occupants are asleep and the third is the one sneaking about. Nonetheless, Sarah continued to sneak, now coming to the stairs that would lead her to glory....or at least her destination; whatever the case Sarah shortly found herself at the top of the stairs. Sarah placed a hand on her chest and felt her heart racing as she became more excited with every step she took, regardless of the fact that she had been in this same situation a hundred times before; she never failed to feel just as nervous and excited as she did the very first time.

Here we go. Sarah thought to herself as she pushed open the door at the end of the hallway that she now stood before. Soft moonlight shone into the room through a slightly opened window, bathing the sleeping figure in a silvery glow as Sarah stood silently over her sleeping sister.

"Sorry sis," Sarah whispered to the sleeping figure, "but someone's got to take it, and Mum's out of the question." Sarah gently placed her hand on her sister's shoulder, stared intently for just a moment, and removed her hand once more. An innocent enough gesture, which would appear much more innocent if the sleeping girl did not immediately slide her legs together and let a small moan escape her lips as her left hand drifted toward her crotch.

Smiling, satisfied with her work, Sarah began to back towards the door. "Hey you're a big girl, right big sis?" Sarah softly spoke to her sleeping victim. "You can probably hold it."

Or not, Sarah chuckled to herself as she reached the door and heard the telltale sound of rushing water from behind her as the sleeping girl's body gave up the struggle of holding in all the unexpected pee that had found its way into her bladder. Sarah continued her retreat out of the girl's room and down the stairs with the same level of sneakiness that she used in her approach; which is to say, not very sneaky at all.

Once back in her own room, Sarah collapsed back onto her bed as she took a moment, or maybe more like half a moment, to feel bad for her sister, and the situation she would find herself in once she awoke. It was just her sister's bad luck that Sarah needed a Vessel. Of course now that she thought about it, it was really herself that deserved the pity. Sarah never asked to be different, it would have made things a lot simpler for everyone, if Sarah had just been a normal eighteen year old girl. Instead Sarah was a conduit, or at least that was the name Sarah had come up with, she had no way of knowing if there were others like her; so for the time being, conduit would have to suffice. Conduit, the word just felt right to Sarah, she was a channel that let her flow the pee from her bladder into other people.

It started when she was twelve or thirteen, somewhere around there. The change hadn't been obvious at first, but when she awoke in the middle of the night with a blinding pain in her abdomen it quickly became apparent. She needed to pee worse than she had ever felt before, worse than she thought possible. It felt like she was going to be ripped in half by the pain and pressure that emanated from her bladder. Sarah quickly found herself seated on a toilet, but nothing would come out, after trying for almost a minute she stood back up and pulled her pajamas back up. Even wetting herself would have been preferable to the pain, but even so nothing would come out.

Half blind with desperation, Sarah had hobbled up the stairs with both hands planted firmly between her legs, intending to wake her mother for help, she was not sure what her mother could possibly do but she was too desperate to care at the moment. Once she got to the top of the stairs; however, her plans changed completely. Sarah spied the sleeping silhouette of her sister through the open door at the end of the hallway. Even today Sarah could not say what made her do it, but in her desperate state she was drawn forward by a force greater than herself. Eye's locked on her sister, Sarah stepped inside her sister's room, and Sarah felt the pressure in her bladder lessen slightly, she took another hobbled step forward and she felt less desperate.

A loud hiss sounded in the room, Sarah looked down to relieved to care that she was wetting herself, but when she put a hand back between her legs she felt only dryness. As the sound persisted, Sarah took the remaining two steps toward her sleeping sister and pulled back the sheet that covered her. A small wet spot was shining in the moonlight between her sister's legs. The spot grew slowly as more pee leaked out of her sister, and Sarah was reminded of her own situation, she felt slightly better, but she still felt a desperate need to use the toilet. Sarah shook herself as she remembered the reason she came upstairs in the first place was to find her mother, but as she went to pull the cover back up over her sister, she brushed her sister's leg with her hand, and Sarah fell backwards as if she had been shocked. Her need to pee had completely disappeared; at the same time the hissing sound returned with a vengeance, as her sister started peeing full force with no sign of stopping.

Sarah got back on her feet and stared as her sister peed and peed, it had to have been five minutes by now, or maybe it only felt like five minutes as she stood there watching the spectacle, whatever the time frame, by the time her sister finally stopped peeing, she was soaked from the waist down and there was hardly a dry spot on the sheet. The young Sarah knew her sister still wet the bed sometimes, although she'd never admit it, but there was no way she held this much pee inside her, there was so much that the mattress and sheets couldn't absorb it all so there were puddles of pee pooling on the bed. Sarah still couldn't quite believe what had happened, but it was clear to her that she had been desperate to pee, and then she wasn't, and her sister had wet the bed with several people's worth of pee, something had changed inside of her, that much was certain.

Sarah smiled as she laid on her bed reminiscing about when she first discovered her unique power. It had taken her weeks of experimenting and testing before she really came to grips with her ability, but one thing quickly became clear, she would never pee again; nothing came out whenever she tried, but the pain was unbearable if she held it for more than a day or so. She was a Conduit, and she always needed a Vessel.

*006*2014-10-01 23:39

Thanks for all the feedback, I'm certainly open to suggestions and I will keep the things mentioned in mind.

I will definitely plan to continue this, I'm not sure when I'll get more time to write since my schedule's a bit busy, but just to give myself a deadline to work against I'll try to have the next chapter up within a week

*007*2014-10-05 03:57

Another short chapter, with no real new developments. I'm still not really sure where to take this story, i'm open to suggestions, and I have a few different ideas of my own so I'll see where the story leads. Also, I'll try to have longer chapters in the future; for now I'm just trying to get the hang of writing.

Chapter 2

Despite only sleeping for a few hours after her nightly ritual, Sarah awoke feeling rested before any of the other members of the house as was typical in the household. Sarah sat up, stretching her arms upward for a few seconds, before letting them fall and jumping out of bed. It hadn't been more than five hours or so since she had emptied her bladder into her sister, but she could already feel the presence of a fair amount of liquid in what had once been considered her bladder. The years during which Sarah had needed to transfer her pee to someone else had given her a very good understanding of how much liquid was in her bladder at any given time.

"I bet I could make Leah pee herself again if I gave her this much right before waking her up." Sarah lost herself briefly in her imagination as she pictured her sister's panicked face as she woke up, bursting to pee. She would probably scramble out of bed, only to wet herself after taking two steps. Embarrassed she would look back at Sarah standing by her bed, only then would she notice the partially dried damp spot staining the bed that proved she had not one but two accidents so far today.

"Ahhhh, that would be nice" Sarah sighed, "but totally unnecessary. I've tormented her enough, and besides, if I use it now, I won't have much available later if I need to take care of someone else."

Sarah left her room and retraced the path she had taken only hours before under slightly more stealthy circumstances. She paused briefly at the top of the stairs to knock on her mother's door in order to wake her up, otherwise she was likely to sleep for most of the day. After hearing the mumbled response from within that indicated the return to consciousness of her mother Sarah continued down the hall to her sister's room. Sarah knocked only twice on the door before pushing her way into the room, knowing that Leah was much too deep of a sleeper to be awoken by someone knocking on the door, and even if she wasn't; Sarah didn't want to miss a chance to observe her handiwork by the light of day.

Standing in the doorway Sarah couldn't help but smile, as she saw her sister, or more specifically, saw her sister's clothes. Leah had rolled onto her side sometime after Sarah had visited, the sleeping sibling now faced away from the door where Sarah stood. As a result, Leah's stained pajamas were clearly visible to anyone who might enter the room. The soft pink pants displayed a wet spot that had clearly not dried to any significant degree, the pee spread out from the crotch of the pants, traveling a short way down each of the legs, but it appeared most of the pee had pooled around Leah's butt, completely soaking the fabric there, as she had been sleeping on her back when Sarah had transferred her pee into the girl. Leah's pajamas and sheets were obvious victims of a major bed wetting accident,

"I'll never understand how she manages to keep them from staining," Sarah wondered. "I usually have enough saved to make her wet at least twice a week, but her clothes are never stained, not even a spot on her panties."

Maybe she just buys new ones every couple days. Sarah thought to herself, chuckling at the thought, as she moved next to her still sleeping sister.

"Leah, time to get up." Sarah said as she shook Leah's shoulder slightly.

No response except for a slight shift from the sleeping girl, causing the sunlight to glisten off the wet spot on her pajamas.

"Leah, get up." Louder this time, but still not producing the desired effect as Leah continued to sleep.

"LEAH!" Sarah shouted suddenly grabbing both of Leah's shoulders and shaking violently.

"Wha---" Leah started, surprised, lurching halfway out of her bed before noticing Sarah standing beside her laughing softly.

"Don't do that, can't you wake me up like a normal person?" Leah demanded, as she settled back, sitting on the edge of her bed.

"Yeah right, if you woke up like a normal person there wouldn't be a problem." Sarah stated as she stood and started towards the door. "You can't even wake up to use the bathroom during the night.

"Ah" Leah threw the sheets back from their resting place over her legs. She blushed a deep shade of red as she noticed for the first time the extensive wet spot on her bed and pajamas.

"Get out! Get out!" she screamed at the already retreating Sarah.

Sarah slipped out of the room and closed the door just as a shoe hit the other side with a loud thump.

With her damp sister finally roused, Sarah returned to her room on the lower level of the house. Once there, she slipped free of the night clothes that she wore, and clad herself instead in something more suitable for the day. Her outfit today consisted of a navy blue blazer bearing her school's crest over a white shirt. Sarah's school allowed the girls to wear either a skirt or trousers as part of the uniform; so today Sarah selected a light grey skirt. The skirt was not exactly regulation length, it stopped about halfway down her thighs.

Not that it really matters, Sarah thought to herself. It's an all girls school anyway.

Once dressed and ready to go, Sarah paused in the entryway and called a farewell to her family; it sounded like her mother had fallen back asleep, and Leah was still frantically trying to clean up after her accident. Smiling to herself, and not failing to notice the pressure in her abdomen that would once have sent her to the bathroom before starting her day, Sarah stepped forward into the world.

I wonder who wants to be my vessel today?

*010*2014-10-07 12:07

{{:

Take your time. Just wanted to let you know that I still appreciate your story. Also, I am still looking forward to more chapters.

}}

Ha, I didn't even think about that connection, sorry to disappoint :p

*013*2014-10-09 19:54

Chapter 3

"Sarah!" an overly cheerful voice called out as Sarah, who had been sitting peacefully at her desk, suddenly found herself draped from behind with what seemed to be unlimited energy stored in the form of a young girl.

"Mari" Sarah sighed, exasperated, "Haven't I told you not to do that a hundred times." Sarah's bladder was now full enough that it was a constant pressure that begged for release. It wasn't yet to the point where it was painful to hold, but she was so taken aback by Mari's sudden assault that Sarah let a bit of her pee slip into Mari. It wasn't a large amount, but Sarah preferred to avoid causing problems for her good friends, and a bit of unexpected liquid this early in the day could lead to problems down the line if Mari wasn't expecting it. If it had been someone she didn't know Sarah normally wouldn't feel bad about making the girl desperate enough to send her dashing for a toilet with a wet spot on her panties, but among her friends Sarah usually restrained herself.

"Aw, you're no fun, what will you do when you get a boyfriend if you refuse to let anyone hug you." Mari pouted, putting on an exaggerated frown, and then, just like that, the frown gave way to another infectious smile. "Hey, Hey, d'you hear the news?"

"No, what is it?"

"I heard the teacher talking in the hallway, it sounds like we're getting a new student today. Some girl just moved here, and she's transferring into our class."

"That's it? That's what's got you all excited?" Sarah raised an eyebrow, knowing exactly how Mari would respond.

"Oh, well sooorrry your highness, I should have known that my breaking news wasn't good enough, next time I'll just keep it to myself when we have a pop-quiz in math, or the cafeteria is serving your favorite food." Mari ranted with increasingly dramatic arm movements until she finally broke out into laughter and collapsed into the seat next to Sarah.

"I know what you mean though." Mari said. "It's too bad it's not a guy transferring."

"What are you talking about? This is a girl's school."

"I know, isn't it awful." Mari moaned slumping forward onto the table. "Hey I know" she brightened up immediately. "Why don't we go out after school today, we can go shopping, and maybe even find some guys to hang out with, although I'm starting to doubt whether there are even any guys in this town to begin with."

Sarah just stared at Mari, obviously not as thrilled at the proposal as Mari was. "I can barely keep up with your idea of shopping, I really doubt any guy would be able to handle it."

"Oh fine, we don't have to go stud hunting, but we should definitely hang out."

"Yeah sure, sounds like a plan."

"Nothing shall stand before us, Mwuahahahaha" Mari proclaimed, standing in a very unladylike manner with one leg elevated on the chair she had just vacated.

"Nothing will stand before those panties, that's for sure." Sarah found her eyes drawn to the pink and white striped material, and she couldn't help but imagine how it would looked drenched in pee as Mari's hands desperately clenched against her panties in a feeble attempt to stem the inevitable flood.

Sarah shook her head slightly to dispel the images as the teacher strode into the room.

"Take your seat would you please, Ms. Evans. Home-room has started." Ms. Hart said as she took her place by the front of the classroom. She was a young woman, scarcely out of university, she had taken her first teaching position at a small all girl's high school in a small town. She was popular among all of her students, mostly because she was young enough to relate to the girls, unlike most of the old crones that worked there.

Mari sat back down as Ms. Hart continued to speak. "before we begin as usual today, the principal has asked me, and all the other teachers as well, to make an announcement to the students. I personally feel this is a bit ridiculous, you might understand after I read it to you, but it is not my decision.

"Ahem, 'Attention girls of Larome High, a disturbing trend has been noticed over the past months, and even years. Larome Highschool for girls has a proud tradition of academic excellence, but lately it has been brought to my attention that an increasing amount of girls have been skipping classes and leaving the school early. As you are all aware, this kind of behavior is not acceptable, and it will not be tolerated. One of the most common ways which students have been abusing in order to leave school is by wetting themselves.'"

A round of laughter rippled through the class. Sarah chuckled with them, but at the same time she couldn't help but wonder if any girls were actually trying to skip class, or if she herself had been the sole cause of this announcement.

"I know, I know. It's pretty ridiculous," Ms. Hart said raising her hand. "Just wait, it goes on. 'This institution is not interested in babies or children, every student here today is a young woman, more than capable of acting in a way befitting her school. From this point on, wetting oneself will not be sufficient to grant a leave of absence, and as such leaving the school will be seen as truancy and duly punished. Any girl who urinates on herself may visit the nurses office, but the individual will still be expected to attend all classes. As a member of this institution I am extremely disappointed that some students would be willing to tarnish this school with such acts of immaturity, and for those students who are innocent of such behaviors; I hope you will come alongside me to bring this school and its students back onto the right path. That is all, good day.'

"I've never had a problem with any of you girls trying to get out of class by wetting yourselves. I feel like this must be an over reaction by the principal. I've heard reports of girls in other classes having accidents, but usually it's after lunch or near the end of the day, so those girls probably just had too much to drink and were too shy to ask to go to the bathroom."

By now Sarah was blushing a light red color as she considered the situation.

Well it's not like I was trying to get anyone to leave school by transferring to them. In fact, I would feel bad if anyone fell behind in school thanks to me. So really this is a positive thing, now no one will miss classes because of accidents. That means I can make anyone pee themselves and not feel bad...

Was that really what she wanted? To make people pee themselves? Up until now she had always viewed the accidents as a byproduct of the need to relieve herself, but now... Sarah shook her head again.

No, no. It's not like I'm trying to make people pee themselves. I just have to put my pee somewhere, and it's their fault if they can't hold little pee. They just need to act their age like the principal was saying.

Having finished her slightly delusional self-monologue, Sarah glanced up to see that Ms. Hart was now standing at the front of the room with a girl Sarah had never seen before beside her. Sarah couldn't help but stare at the girl, she was beautiful, and unlike anything Sarah had ever seen before. Her skin was pale, and her hair looked as though strands of pure moonlight had been woven into white silk; it seemed to Sarah that the girl's hair would light a room bathed in darkness. The girl's dark eyes shone with a curiosity and passion Sarah had never seen, as though this girl was constantly searching for the answer to some question everyone else didn't even know existed. Ms. Hart was introducing the girl to the class, but the words didn't seem to reach Sarah as she locked eyes with the girl, it felt as though Sarah was laid bare before those eyes. Sarah managed to break free from her trance to hear the final sentence from Ms. Hart.

"Class, this is Aiwren, I hope you will all get along."

Sarah glanced back at Aiwren to see that her head was now tilted and her brow slightly furled, but those dark eyes were still locked on Sarah. Starting to feel a bit uncomfortable, Sarah glanced away; now noticing just how full her bladder had become. It was strange, normally it would be second or third period before she even felt like relieving herself, but now, in homeroom, she was nearly bursting. Sarah began glancing around, she obviously wouldn't have an accident, as that was now impossible for her, but she still felt desperate to pee, and it was getting harder for her to maintain her calm appearance.

With more than fifteen minutes still remaining in the homeroom period Sarah made up her mind.

There's no reason why I should have to hold all this. Sarah reasoned, biting her lip. But then again, I can't make someone pee themselves so soon after Ms. Hart's speech. Not to mention the new rules about accidents, that would mean they'd still have to go to school all day after having an accident, although I guess that wouldn't be so bad, they could always change clothes.

Sarah had always tried to avoid causing accidents in her own class, for some reason she felt like it would cause people to suspect her somehow. So if she had to go badly enough before the lunch break; Sarah would usually split her pee up between a couple different classmates, that way everyone only got a little bit of extra pressure in their bladders. When she used this method, there were usually a few girls with their legs crossed tightly by the end of class, but there had never been a full on accident in her class.

Tch...I was planning on waiting till lunch to find a vessel, but I can't even pay attention to class now, let alone sit still, so I guess I don't have a choice. It feels like I'm holding so much...If I'm not careful I could cause more than just one accident.

Focusing now, Sarah prepared to relieve herself. It had taken a few years to master this trick, and it still required all of her attention to pull off. She discovered fairly quickly that she didn't need physical contact to make a transfer, it just made the process a lot faster. With practice she was able to give some of her pee to multiple people at once, although in the beginning she usually ended up accidentally giving most of it to one person, usually ending with a puddle forming under the unlucky girl. That hadn't happened in years, Sarah was confident in her skills now, and felt a sort of pride at how much her abilities had grown over the years.

Sarah took a deep breath and focused on every girl in the class, excluding Ms. Hart, Aiwren, and Mari. Sarah imagined that Ms. Hart would probably quit if she had an accident in front of her students, Mari had already taken a bit of Sarah's pee earlier, and it would be a terrible first day for Aiwren if she were to have an accident, there'd be plenty of time for that later. With more than twenty, likely mostly empty, bladders at her disposal, Sarah didn't expect any accidents, since the amount of liquid each girl would receive was going to be relatively little, it still didn't hurt to be careful.

Slowly releasing the breath she had been unconsciously holding, Sarah began to pee, or at least as close to peeing as she ever got in recent memory. She could feel the pee flow into the numerous bladders around her, resisting the urge to sigh with relief, she held the steady flow for about two seconds, before slowing the stream and cutting it off. Sarah looked around and saw a few girls cross their legs, and one put a discrete hand between her legs for just a moment, but there was no cry of surprise and the tell-tale sound of dripping pee that accompanied accidents.

Satisfied, and more than a little relieved, Sarah turned her attention back to the front of the class and saw that Ms. Hart had just finished speaking about the school festival that was coming up in a few weeks. As Ms. Hart sat down, and the class began to speak quietly, waiting for the bell to signal the end of homeroom, Sarah glanced around until her eyes fell upon the mysterious new member of the class, Aiwren. Sarah was more than a little surprised to see her sitting at the desk directly next to her own. Sarah had been too caught up in her own actions she didn't even see the girl sit down. A small smile played across the lips of the new girl, but she did not turn to meet Sarah's gaze. As Sarah turned to her other side to speak with Mari; Sarah suddenly found herself bent forward with both hands crushed between her legs as she was assaulted with a need to pee stronger than before she had relieved herself just a few minutes ago.

What's going on? Sarah thought to herself desperately. I just went, I couldn't possibly have to go again so soon.

Too desperate to worry about the reasons, Sarah quickly reconnected to the bladders of all the girls, this time the pressure was so strong she didn't bother to exempt anyone. For the second time in just a few minutes, Sarah felt her pee flow into all the bladders around her. This time; however, her need wasn't going away, she wasn't getting any relief from her desperation. Glancing around, Sarah noticed that nearly all of the girls in the class were now fidgeting, and one girl ran up to the where the teacher was sitting, and after a hurried, hushed discussion the girl ran out of the room leaving only a couple drops of pee on her chair as evidence of her presence.

Sarah felt as her connection to the girl's bladder was broken once she got far enough away, and without the time to speculate whether or not the girl made it to the bathroom, Sarah forced herself to cut off the flow that was rapidly filling up the bladders of all her classmates. She was still just as desperate to pee as before, maybe more so if that was possible, but if she kept going it might become dangerous. No matter how she looked at it, an entire class peeing themselves all at once, except for one girl, was bound to attract attention.

The bell finally rang and a stream of girls rushed for the door, led by Ms. Hart who was taking small, mincing steps with a pained look on her face. Soon the class was mostly deserted as Sarah bent to collect her things, while still trying to piece together what could have happened.

I definitely transferred the pee, I could feel it, and everyone obviously got desperate as a result.

But I still need to go! Sarah groaned as another wave of desperation hit her. She decided the only thing to do would be to find someone to make an instant transfer into; with just one touch she could give them the entire contents of her bladder, and maybe then she could finally be relieved.

Turning to leave, Sarah noticed the only other occupant of the room passing behind her on the way to the door, Aiwren. The girl paused with her hand on the door, and looked back at Sarah with a mischievous smile.

"That was quite the trick....Conduit"

*018*2014-10-11 14:43

I'm glad to see people are still enjoying the story. I definitely will continue this story. I just need to find the time to write.

Until then, I'm always interested in any feedback or suggestions anyone might have.

*020*2014-10-14 03:00

{{:

One thing that could improve this in my opinion would be a description of Sarah's appearance at the beginning. Maybe her sister's as well. For some reason I was picturing a little girl, and was surprised to read in the 6th paragraph that she was 18. Actually, this might be even creepier if the Conduit was a small girl.

}}

Yeah, I do feel that the character, as I have written her, might not really fit an 18 year old particularly well. I'm not surprised she comes off as younger than she is, I only added the arbitrary age because I feel a bit awkward writing about anyone who is underage. I wish now I had simply left out any indicator of age, and left that decision up to the reader, but oh well.

*022*2014-10-15 05:58

I'm really not quite sure where this story is leading at this point, but I figure I'll just keep writing and see where it takes me. I hope you enjoy the ride.

Chapter 4

"That was quite the trick....Conduit"

Sarah stared, dumbfounded, as the strange girl began her dramatic exit from the classroom.

"Eep! What are you-" Aiwren started as Sarah grabbed the girl by the shoulders and pinned her against the door, eyes brimming with excitement mere inches from the face of the surprised girl. Brimming with excitement at the revelation, Sarah began to speak rapidly

"You know I'm a conduit? Are you one too? That would explain what happened in class just now. I had to go so badly. Do you know why I'm like this? Are there others like us?"

Struggling to regain her composure beneath the onslaught of questioning, Aiwren closed her eyes and placed her hand on one of the arms Sarah was using to trap the girl. "You speak too much."

Sarah stumbled back and thrust her hands between her legs as she was overcome by an intense need to pee.

"Now that I may speak, I suppose I can answer some of the questions you might have." Aiwren assumed a look of superiority which turned to confusion as Sarah straightened up, smiling.

"Okay, sounds good to me."

"Wha...I gave you more than enough to fill your bladder completely; you should be wetting yourself right now, or pretty close at least." Aiwren looked uncertain now, even a bit apprehensive as she observed the girl.

"What do you mean how would this make me wet myself, it's impossible. Hey, come to think of it, just how big is your bladder? To be able to give me all that during class, and still have this much." Sarah tilted her head, confused, as she absentmindedly laid a hand to rest on her bladder. The initial shock of the extra pee had caught her off guard, but she was used to holding more than this most every day.

"Just what are you? My intel said a Conduit was located, and what you did in class, only a conduit, a very skilled conduit, could have done that. I suppose the effective range could exceed expectations, but still...." Aiwren muttered to herself, seemingly forgetting entirely about Sarah standing before her.

"Hey, I thought you were going to give me some answers." Sarah said, snapping her fingers in front of the girl's face to get her attention.

"Oh, yes of course." The girl shook her head and refocused on Sarah. "I am not a conduit. I am what we call a Fount. The name comes from ancient texts we have recovered; they refer to 'The Fount that springs eternal, from naught unto another.' It's the same place we get 'Conduit' as well as all the others. I do not transfer my pee as you do, I create liquid directly in the bladder of someone else."

"Wow! That's so cool." Sarah exclaimed, her excitement not decreasing, even with the dull ache emanating from her bladder. "Wait, I thought I came up with the name 'Conduit.' But that actually is the real name for whatever I am?"

"Yes. It is strange, but there is evidence of instinctual behavior associated with the Gifts. Ancestral memories are the leading belief, so it's possible you instinctively chose that name." Aiwren did not look particularly convinced herself, but she continued nonetheless. "What I need to know is how you managed to avoid detection for so long....and just how big your bladder is. I've been letting a trickle flow into you this whole time, but you still barely look desperate." Aiwren looked particularly upset about this, as though it was a personal affront against her ability that Sarah wasn't more distraught.

"I don't know, I'm just used to holding it I guess. But since you're so intent on filling me up; why don't you have a taste of your own medicine." Sarah said with a mischievous smile.

"No, wait"

But it was too late, Sarah had already mentally allocated about half of her currently bulging bladder, and transferred it rapidly to the bladder of the smaller girl.

"Noooo...." The girl wailed as she fell to her knees with her hands gripping her crotch through her skirt. Sarah smiled in satisfaction, which quickly changed to surprise as she heard a loud, but muffled, hissing sound.

The sound continued for nearly thirty seconds; during which time, neither girl moved. As the sound finally tapered off, Sarah spoke.

"Ah, I guess since you don't transfer your own pee, it makes sense that you would still need to be able to pee...Sorry about that." Sarah smiled sheepishly, and extended a hand to help the blushing girl to her feet.

Aiwren accepted the hand and stood up. She brushed off the back of her skirt, still blushing. Sarah looked at the floor, then at the girl's skirt, and then back at the girl's face.

"Are you wearing...." She began.

"No! It's just....standard equipment for dealing with a conduit. I was still holding all that pee you gave me during class...It's not...I mean It's nothing. Don't worry about it! Okay?" Aiwren reacted defensively, blushing an even darker shade of red.

"Okay, okay." Sarah said, holding up her hands to calm the girl. "Forget I said anything."

"But what you said before....about being able to pee. What did you mean by that?" Aiwren asked, desperately trying to regain control of the conversation.

"Well isn't it obvious? I'm a conduit, so I have to give my pee to someone else if I want it out of my bladder. I haven't peed in a long time. Shouldn't you already know all this? You seemed pretty well informed on my whole conduit situation."

Aiwren looked dumbfounded, her mouth hung open slightly at the apparently shocking information. "That's not possible. You're a conduit. I confirmed it myself. Now you're telling me you're a Sealer as well; that's impossible?" Once again, it seemed as though Aiwren was speaking more to herself than to Sarah. "And even then, to have an unconscious, permanent self seal. It's impossible."

"Soooo...are you saying I'm not a conduit?"

"I'm not sure what to think anymore, but I do know you need to come with me now; there's someone I need to take you to see." Aiwren grabbed Sarah's hand and pulled her determinedly back towards the door.

"What about class?" Sarah asked, although she was eager to meet anyone who might be able to shed more light on her situation; she would still prefer to avoid getting in trouble with the school.

"Oh yeah...I forgot. Where is everyone? When does the next class start?"

"Let's see." Sarah looked at the clock hanging on the wall. "Next class is gym, down at the field house, and class starts about..hmm...five minutes ago." Sarah said matter-of-factly.

"What!? Why didn't you say something sooner? I assumed we would be in the same classroom." Aiwren looked panicked. "It's my first day, I can't be late on the first day."

"Come on. Let's go." Sarah took off at a jog, dragging the slightly stunned girl behind her. "You can answer the rest of my questions later."

Stumbling initially at the brisk pace, Aiwren soon fell in beside Sarah as they made their way through the deserted corridors downstairs and outside to the track where their class had just started to get underway.

"Yo, Coach!" Sarah waved at the young woman who was observing the other students jogging sluggishly around the track with a disapproving look on her face. "Sorry we're late."

Turning at the greeting, the teacher smiled wryly. "Ah, I wondered when you would decide to show up to class today, Sarah."

"Hehe, sorry. I was showing the new girl around and we lost track of time." Sarah smiled sheepishly.

"Yeah that sounds like you. Well, the rest of the class is running a mile, although they seem to treat it more like walking, so why don't you go do two miles. Since you had the nerve to show up late again, my little track star. You'll have to run in your uniform since you didn't change for class."

"Roger." Sarah replied, before she took off running.

"And you, Aiwren." The instructor turned, finding the girl's name on a clipboard she was carrying. "Try not to let Sarah be too bad of an influence, you should always try to be on time."

"Yes ma'am, of course."

"Since it's your first day, and you don't even have gym clothes yet, I'm not going to expect you to run today. You can just sit on that bench and watch." With that the woman left Aiwren to go yell at some of the slower students.

Meanwhile, Sarah had already completed a couple laps of the track. She had already passed most of the students, even though they had a head start. There weren't many things that Sarah was overly confident in. Her abilities as a conduit were one, and running was another. She flew over the track, and before too long, certainly before any of the other students, she finished her two mile trip around the track.

Sarah sighed and stretched as she landed on the bench next to Aiwren, she was breathing heavily after her run, but she wasn't out of breath.

"Hey do you want to come hang out with me after school?" Sarah asked suddenly, before Aiwren could speak.

"Huh?" Aiwren was caught off guard by the unexpected question.

"Well I know you wanted to take me someplace, and I want more answers. But I also promised my friend Mari that I would go out with her today; so I was thinking you could come with us. How 'bout it?"

"Yeah, sure I guess. I am supposed to observe you."

"Oh don't say stuffy things like that. Just say you'll come as my friend."

"Friend...yeah, that sounds nice." Aiwren said with a small smile.

Just then the loud whistle of the coach cut through the air.

"Since you have the time to sit around and chat; go run another mile to make up for Aiwren." The coach called to Sarah.

Smiling, Sarah jumped up, and took off on the track once more; joining the slower girls who were still jogging.

Aiwren watched the girl go. Sarah looked so free as she flew past the other girls. How long can this last? Aiwren thought to herself, her smile tinged with sadness.

. . .

The rest of the day passed quickly, and before too long a group of three girls stepped off of the train and into an extensive shopping complex.

"Oh, how I've missed this smell." Mari sighed, spinning slowly with her arms stretched out.

"What smell is that?" Sarah asked.

"Capitalism." Mari responded, before dragging Sarah and Aiwren with her into one of the many stores.

Two hours, and two dozen stores later, Sarah and Aiwren were slumped on a bench, exhausted, while an impatient Mari stood over them.

"Oh, come on. You can run five miles and barely be tired Sarah, how can you be this worn out already?" Mari demanded.

Meanwhile, Aiwren seemed to be shell-shocked as she muttered to herself. "I didn't even know they made that many kinds of panties. I mean, panties are panties, right? Apparently not. 'What style do you want? Thong? Bikini? Full-cut?' 'What material? Cotton? Silk? Lycra? Oh wait, this store doesn't have the right brand. Let's go to one of the other five stores that only sell panties. How many panties do girls need to buy to support five stores that only sell panties? She's a monster, I need to get out of here."

"You see." Sarah gestured at Aiwren's lifeless husk. "Normal people like us can't keep up with your insane shopping. Let's take a break from the shopping for a while, before you kill us both."

"Fine." Mari joined the two girls on the bench. "I got everything I was looking for today anyway. Except a boyfriend that is."

"What shall we do now?" Aiwren asked, seemingly revived at the prospect of no more shopping.

"We could go see a movie." Mari suggested.

"Is there anything good out now?" Sarah glancing in the direction of the movie theater, but too far away to read any signs that might have been posted there.

"There's that new one that just came out. What's it called, the one with Emma Watson." Mari struggled to produce a name.

"Oh, I know the one you're talking about, String of Fate, or something like that. Of course you would chose the romance movie." Sarah turned to Aiwren. "Do you want to see a movie?"

"Sure, that is fine with me."

"Well then let's go" The group got to their feet, and made their way to the nearby cinema. Perusing the showtimes displayed, Sarah quickly identified the romance film in question.

"There's a showing starting in just a few minutes, that's convenient. Let's hurry."

The girls quickly bought their tickets and made their way to their theater, Sarah taking a brief stop to buy a large, overpriced soft drink.

"If you drink that you'll have to pee halfway through the movie." Mari warned.

"I'll be fine." Sarah shot a conspiratorial glance at Aiwren, who pursed her lips slightly in response; still unsure about Sarah's seemingly unique set of powers, but in the end she allowed herself a small smile.

"Speaking of which, I think I will visit the restroom before the movie starts." Gesturing towards the nearby ladies room.

"There's no time, the trailers will already be playing, and besides there's a line look."

Mari was correct, there was a line. Aiwren bit her lip staring at the line of women extending slightly beyond the entrance to the bathroom.

Mari slipped inside the darkened theater with a whispered "Come on."

Sarah stepped up next to Aiwren.

"I'm sure you can hold it, and if not..." Sarah firmly swatted Aiwren's butt, smiling as she felt the extra padding present there.

Aiwren yelped and spun her back away from Sarah; who just chuckled and entered the theater. Aiwren followed her, shooting one last longing glance at the bathroom she was leaving behind.

Aiwren, squinting, managed to find Sarah and Mari in the darkness, she sat down in the seat next to Sarah just as the title of the movie appeared on the screen. As the movie progressed, Aiwren found herself getting lost in the story. The main character was a young woman had an encounter with her dream guy at a party. While talking to him she became desperate to pee, but when she excused herself and dashed to a toilet, barely avoiding an accident, she couldn't find the guy again afterword. Over the following days the young woman lamented the missed connection with the man she truly thought was meant for her, and when she once again became desperate to pee she broke down crying in the bathroom; her tears splashing into the puddle that pooled beneath her legs.

Aiwren felt her own bladder twinge in discomfort, as the images on the screen remind her of her own growing need to pee. Attempting to take her mind off her own bladder, she focused once again on the movie. She found herself struggling to enjoy the movie as a group of three girls several rows in front of her started talking to one another.

"Man, she's such a baby." One of the girls said, barely lowering her voice at all.

"I know right, just get her some diapers, and problem solved."

"hahaha" The girls laughed, drawing the irate glances of the other movie-goers, but no one said anything.

As the girls continued to joke with one another, Sarah leaned over and whispered in Aiwren's ear.

"I really need to pee now, and I'm thinking I found a perfect target." Sarah stared intently at the girls down below, sighed, and uncrossed her legs.

Staring now at the three girls, Aiwren saw the blonde girl sitting in the middle suddenly freeze and lean forward slightly.

Having felt Sarah's ability herself, Aiwren was surprised the girl hadn't gone running to the bathroom.

"She's definitely wet." Sarah whispered to Aiwren. "I gave her enough, I bet she can't get up without walking past one of her friends and showing off her wet butt. Who know's she might get away with it."

Sarah's smile faded as the other two girls continued talking, although the middle girl seemed quiet now.

"Hey, why don't you fill those two up as well." Sarah continued. "I'd do it, but I'm pretty much empty."

"I can't do it from this far away, especially not in the dark. You shouldn't be able to do it so easily." Aiwren said frowning.

"Then just fill me up, Okay? You can give me the pee, and I'll send it to those girls; we'll make the perfect team."

"I guess." Aiwren replied, concentrating for a moment until Sarah felt her bladder tighten as new liquid suddenly flowed into her. Not wasting anytime, Sarah quickly diverted the pee from her own bladder into the two remaining girls below.

Aiwren glanced at the two new victims and saw they both now had their legs crossed and seemed to be fidgeting severely. It looked like Sarah hadn't given them enough to make them wet their pants like the other girl, but they at least stopped talking.

Refocusing on the movie, Aiwren saw that the woman was waking up in a bed soaked with her pee after a steamy PG-13 night with her dream man who lay beside her. The camera pulled back, showing the building, then the city, finally refocusing on a small wedding in a park as the woman narrated. 'The thing I remember most about the time we first met was how badly I needed to pee. That same need haunted me, until finally it brought us back together. It only seems right that that things would turn out like this." The camera focused on the bride who was standing at the altar, legs crossed tightly beneath her dress. Suddenly her expression shifted from desperation to relief, and the shocked reactions of the wedding guests faded into a black screen where the credits started rolling.

The lights came on in the dim theater. Aiwren glanced to her side only to find Sarah watching the girls who had been talking during the movie. They had all stood up, and Aiwren couldn't help but notice the back of the blonde girl's pants were completely soaked. Her pink pants had become nearly transparent, showing her now wet blue panties to all those behind her. The girl was blushing and held her arms behind her, but she did not turn around, she shuffled sideways down the narrow aisle to the exit stairs, not wanting to show her wet state to her friend who was walking behind her. The who reached the stairs first suddenly grabbed herself through her white dress and hobbled away leaving her friends behind, and a wet trail of urine falling from under her dress. Aiwren did not need to look at Sarah to know that she had been staring intently at the girl, obviously transferring just enough additional pee to cause the girl to have an accident.

Aiwren, Sarah, and Mari made their way down the stairs and out of the theater, careful to avoid stepping in the puddles left behind. Sarah glanced back and saw a sign on one of the seats, warning people to not sit in the urine stained seat. Once outside, Aiwren looked once more to the bathroom only to find an even longer line than there was before the movie. She had been successfully ignoring her need to pee, but it was getting to the point where that would no longer be an option.

"Do you need to pee?" Mari asked Aiwren.

Aiwren blushed, had her need been that obvious?

"Yeah, a bit." Aiwren answered.

"Me too, let's go" Mari said.

And so they joined the queue formed outside the bathroom. Directly in front of them were two of the girls from earlier. The blonde kept her back to the wall, and was trying to the wall and was trying unsuccessfully to hide the wet patch on her pink pants that could be seen spreading down from between her legs.

"I can't believe you wet yourself Abby. You're such a baby."

"You can't talk when you're almost peeing your pants too." The blonde girl responded

"Yeah, but I'll hold it, because I'm a big girl, unlike you and Megan." The girl swept her dark hair back over her shoulder, then quickly replaced her hand between the legs of her jeans; hobbling forward as the line progressed.

"Whatever Sam." Abby was trying to act nonchalant about her accident, but her bright red face gave her away.

Aiwren was slowly losing hope that she could make it the bathroom in time, especially at the rate the line had been moving. Mari turned to her friends, now with her own legs crossed.

"This line is taking too long, why don't we try and find some other place to go."

"Yeah you're right." Sarah said.

As the group turned to go, Sarah couldn't help but take the significant amount of pee that had built back up in her bladder thanks to the soda earlier and dump it into the girl named Sam who was still in line. Sarah was rewarded with a squeal and laughter from the two girls respectively as one failed to hold back the flood that was darkening her jeans and dripping onto the floor, and the other managed to forget her own soaked pants long enough to laugh at the misfortune of her companion.

The three girls made their way back to the train station, having not encountered a bathroom on their way, they planned to find one in the station. They spotted the bathroom, but even as relief at the discovery showed upon Mari's face, Sarah spoke up.

"Hey, isn't that your train?"

Mari glanced in the direction Sarah was pointing, her train was sitting stationary at the station. Sarah and Mari lived in opposite directions from this station, and if Mari were to miss this train it would be at least thirty minutes before the next one came. Biting her lip, Mari made up her mind.

"Yeah, I need to run and catch it. I don't want to miss this one; I just hope there's a bathroom on the train. Bye Sarah. Nice meeting you Aiwren." With a wave, Mari departed, still struggling to prevent her bladder from soiling her new panties and staining her skirt.

"Bye." Aiwren called in return.

"Try not to pee your pants!" Sarah called loudly as Mari got farther away, earning strange looks from some passerbys and a laugh and one last wave from Mari as she boarded her train.

"Now then." Sarah said turning to Aiwren. "It's time for some more answers don't you think?"

"Yeah, of course. First I just need to go pee."

"Okay then." Sarah said, laying her hand on Aiwren's shoulder. "Mari was definitely right, that soda really makes me need to pee."

Aiwren gasped as she felt even more pee enter her bladder, forcing it's way out between her fingers pressing against her crotch. She could feel it pouring out of her, and she blushed as she heard the tell tale hissing sound emanating from beneath her skirt.

"Why did you do that?" Aiwren demanded, discreetly feeling beneath her skirt to make sure nothing had leaked from her special anti-conduit underwear.

"Well you said you wanted to pee, and this way we can leave faster."

Aiwren sighed, but acquiesced as she led them towards a different set of train tracks.

"Follow me, I have someone I want you to meet."

