The Great Accident Happining (Yuru Yuri)

Author: Ollerus

*000*2013-09-26 12:14

The green letters on the clock read 9:00pm, As our main character turned background character looked on at the time keeping device she sighed. Akaze Akari went to bed at 9:00 every day to keep a consistent schedule. In fact she often did not have much of a choice as she always began to fall asleep around that time anyways. Tonight was different. Akari shifted her small frame on her bed in mild frustration, “But I was just getting to the good part too!” She sat up and took her signature hair buns out of her pinkish red hair while figuring “Well its not like I have school or anything tomorrow, and I don’t have to meet Yui until 9:00, so if I try staying up until 11:00 tonight I can still get 10 hours of sleep. Yeah, that’s it, I think I will stay up a little bit later today.”

11:00pm rolled around and a slow point in the book our red head was reading was found, so Akari decided it would be a good idea to go to sleep. She had gone to the toilet at around 8:30 when she brushed her teeth and got in to her pink pajamas her sister got for her so she went straight to bed after putting down her book. “I’m still not sure how my sister found me pajamas with my face all over them. Oh well time for some sleep.”

The next morning Akaze Akari awoke at the same time she always came to, but this time something was different. “Uwhaaa I’m still so tired, its almost like I never went to sleep last night,” Akari yawned. The glowing green letters on the clock on her bedside table told her that she still had plenty of time before really actually needing to be up, so she thought it would be a good idea to try laying down for more sleep.

“Its okay its okay!” Akari smiled at her pillow, “time for more sleep” The small girl with no presence drifted in and out of sleep for a few hours as the clock marched on towards 9:00am. While drifting in and out Akari thought about how her day was going to go, She was going to hang out at her senior classmate Yui’s house. Yui lived by herself yet she was always punctual and composed, and for a tomboy kept her hair well brushed and shiny. Akari began to mumble in her sleep about Yui for quite some time, “I wish I was as pretty as Yui, I wish I was as smart as Yui too. I wish I was as knocking at the door as Yui was. Why is my butt getting so warm?” The sleepy red head bolted upright, “Knocking? Uwaaaaaa someone’s at the door!” Akari rushed out to the living room where the front door to her house is and swung the door open quickly enough for the wind to move her hair back.

Yui stared at the shocking sight beheld in front of her. Her childhood friend standing at the front door panting wearing pajamas with her own face plastered all over them and obvious pee lines running down the legs. “Akari-chan…”

“Good morning Yui, sorry you had to wait so long, I was still asleep.”

“Akari-chan….”

“What is it? Do I have bed head?”

“Akari-chan… Did you pee yourself?”

“Eh?” As the adrenaline from rushing out to open the door began to run out Akari realized why her butt was getting so warm while she was sleeping. The reason she woke up at the same time every morning was because around then she always would wake up to go to the toilet. Her legs began to shake from shock, nervousness and more pee trying to kick down the exit all at once. All of what had not been let out due to the sudden race out to the door began to let itself out while Akari stood shaking. Rivulets of pee ran down the faces on Akari’s pajama bottoms, soaking in and making her lower body warm and wet as a puddle of hot liquid spread out at her bare feet.

Akari fell to her knees and then sat down in her own urine puddle as tears welled up in her eyes. She cried as he lower body continued to push out more pee into her pajama bottoms completely soaking her front. Yui crouched beside her and firmly placed her left hand on Akari’s shoulder and ruffled her hair with her right. “Come on, Akari-chan, lets get you cleaned up” Yui smiled warmly.

To be continued

