Kyoko's accident (Danganronpa)

Author: Omo-enthusiast

*000*2023-12-29 21:12

Another one I wrote. Poop stuff here as well

As she entered the hotel elevator, Kirigiri was getting increasingly nervous. As she repeatedly pressed the “close door” button (it didn’t seem to have any effect), her gloved hand found itself gripping the top of her purse. The doors had hardly closed when she began to notice the odor of her excrement begin to disgrace the mobile platform. Thankfully, she was currently alone in the elevator, but she was still afraid that that was going to change; they had given her a room on the third floor from the top, only providing more opportunities for some poor sod to be assaulted by Kirigiri’s… scent. Still, Kyoko still cringed at every harsh buzz counting up from the lobby floor, and relaxed just a little when the sound of retreating metal doors remained absent.

Finally the elevator reached Kyoko’s floor without incident, much to the relief of the detective. However, Kirigiri went right back into panic mode when she saw a young woman waiting on the other side, hurrying past her and hoping that she had not stayed long enough in the elevator to taint its air. Calm down already, Kyoko’s rational mind chided herself. It’s not like I will ever see her again. Indeed she wouldn’t; the suitcase that the woman was lugging around confirmed that. But somehow the prospect of someone smelling her waste, or even suspecting that she had soiled herself, deeply embarrassed her.

Perhaps it was a desire to avoid this embarrassment that forced her into a far more humiliating situation. Kyoko had first gotten the urge to defecate shortly after lunch, and while she was fully intending on visiting the ladies’ room, on her way there she was about a dozen paces from the entrance when she saw another woman come into the bathroom. She now distinctly remembered having a debate about whether to relieve herself while with company or delay her movement and take a sharp U-turn. While her rational brain tried to argue objectively - surely the lady would know there are toilets in there for a reason, otherwise she wouldn’t be in there in the first place - her fear of offending the others kept her stomach bloated and her intestine full.

After sliding the hotel key in to grant her access, Kyoko headed straight for the bathroom.and placed her purse on the sink counter. Reluctantly undoing the zipper, Kyoko didn’t even have to see the load in her purse for it to make its presence known. The faint musk of her shit quickly intensified as Kyoko found herself covering her nose and turning the fan on.

The unpleasant odor took Kirigiri back to when her need to defecate first became urgent. It had been some time since her aborted bathroom trip, but the crime scene examination was far from over. The crime here was grand larceny of a Faberge Egg, an oddity for the detective, who was more familiar with cases of murder. Although she really didn’t have a reason to decline the case, in the back of her head she wondered why this case in particular was significant enough to warrant bringing her all this way, especially a case so far out of her jurisdiction. She had a suspicion that there was far more than met the eye, and although she couldn’t point to anything concrete, she didn't know what her gut was trying to tell her.

That wasn’t entirely true; she knew all too well part of what her gut was telling her - that her bowels needed emptying out quite a long time ago. Kyoko couldn’t stop a silent fart from escaping her tightly-clenched bum, her cheeks blushing a light pink as she felt the warmth across her bottom come and go and smelled the fresh scent afterward. Kirigiri sighed internally; as much as she felt the need to unload, there was a lot more documentation to get through, and the detective preferred to see a task to its conclusion before taking a break. Focusing on the long task ahead, Kyoko knew that she was going to be carrying her fecal waste for a long time to come. She just preferred that her sphincter do the heavy lifting and not the black cloth of her underwear.

Peering into the open bag in the hopes that things had magically changed, Kyoko was nonetheless disappointed to see that a big turd still resided at the bottom of her bag. She would have to take a small consolation in that her load had mostly preserved its shape while in transport; although the end of her excretion into the bag saw her output turn from a clay-like log into more of a formless mush, it would still make for an easier cleanup. Unrolling a long strip of toilet paper, she grabbed the load as much as she could and dumped it in the pearl bowl. A look of amazement followed when the load flushed in only one take - she was sure she was going to have to improvise. However, there was no saving the bottom of the bag, and Kyoko would have to cut it out and bin it, preferably with no trace to the owner. If nothing else, she now had a reason to start learning how to sow…

It was now the point where the shame of her actions fully dawned upon her, her head lowering and her cheeks re-warming in the process. She now remembered how dire she had let her situation become while working on the evidence files. It had gotten to the point where she was regularly farting, small bursts of gas dirtying the air around her. She felt the tip of her load pushing against the gates, gates which were increasingly inclined to swing open. Kyoko remembered a sweat developing as she rushed to finish her work, pages seeming to appear out of nowhere and only to delay her bathroom trip further. She checked and counted three pages to fill out when she lost control for the first time. A giant fart sounded out of her ass as her load gradually began to work its way out. Kyoko had subconsciously adjusted her weight onto her right buttock in order to let the air out, but in doing so, her panties now had room to expand when stretched by the outgoing log of shit.

Kyoko grimaced at the warm stickiness now staining her ass and upper thighs as she felt her cheeks redden again. She was way out of time, and she knew it. Despite her instinctively clutching her backside in damage control, she knew that she had gone past the point of return. Not only was the first load already stretching out the detective’s undergarments, Kyoko felt herself continually adding to her ongoing accident. Panicking trying not to disgrace herself more than she already has, Kyoko desperately searched for an alternate place to shit in while also trying to ignore the intensifying smell and warmth of the growing mound of poop in her panties. Then she set her eyes on her purse.

@@Done with the immediate clean up of the bag, Kyoko now ashamedly turned towards cleaning herself. Stripping off her panties and looking into them (and wincing at the fact that it had to unstick first), she could now see fully how she had ruined this pair of black panties. Although the outside of her panties didn’t really change mark, changing only to a darker shade of black, the seat of her panties exhibited a massive brown patch where Kyoko had used the cloth as a toilet around her waist, with a thin lining of poop still remaining. Although some solid pieces of excrement was still sticking in the part of the her panties that would have overseen the crevice between her buttcheeks (panties formerly hers, she quickly decided), the majority of her poop resided in the bottom of the article, between her legs and under her nether region. Without thinking, Kyoko brought the dirtied underwear up close, only for her to be repelled by her own foul scent (what did you think it would smell like?, she thought). Grabbing a plastic bag, she put the soiled underwear in and put it in the trash. She would need to remember to take the bag and abandon it elsewhere before the cleaning staff got to it.

It wasn’t even a conscious decision to excrete the rest of her load into her handbag, Kyoko lunged for it (as best she could, taking into account her ongoing bowel movement), practically ripped off the zipper, and quickly parted the sides of the bag. Stumbling just a bit due to her heeled boots, she felt the waste in her underwear shifting and expanding, the transition from stand to squat shifting some of the shit towards the seat of her knickers, staining the inside of both of Kirigiri’s moons further in the process. Of course, this wasn’t taking into account the fecal matter actively escaping Kyoko’s intestine (a process the detective’s sphincter was too tired to resist anymore), and the influx of shit made things even messier as a crude crackling began to sound from between Kirigiri’s legs.

Having centered her squat over her bag, the detective did not hesitate to pull her panties to her knees, finally relaxing as she noisily relieved the rest of herself into the purse. She rotated her panties so that the load in the seat would drop into the bag, as well, and with her immediate troubles finally out of the way, she was overwhelmed with pleasure and relief. She may not have found the best solution to her issues, and her solution dirtied two of her possessions in the process, but for now she could savor the moment, letting loose without a care in the world.

Undoing the rest of her clothes and turning on the water in the hotel room, Kirigiri finally relaxed as her nude figure stepped into the quickly warming shower. With plenty of soap on hand, she would be sure to completely rinse off her shame.

