Falling Apart

Author: Pan

*000*2014-11-23 17:35

AUTHOR'S NOTES: This contains male desperation. Once again, it's cross-posted. I'm sorry about the wordiness and the awfully long length, and I know the desperation escalated too fast, but hopefully it's still enjoyable enough. It is male/male -- it's nothing explicit though, and doesn't go past kissing. "The Fall of the Human Bladder" shall be updated...sometime in the future.

FALLING APART

He couldn't hold it anymore. His bladder was swollen and hard under the waistband of his pants, and his achingly full abdomen was no longer capable of holding back the voluminous liquid it was containing. With a small whimper, Sol rubbed his thighs together, legs crossed tightly. He was in the middle of his Chemistry exam, and the teacher had already denied him relief two times. He was too embarrassed and resigned to ask a third.

"Oh...god.." Sol's bladder contracted hard, and a long leak streamed past. Sol squeezed himself hard. "Please, please, hold it..." he whispered to himself. As a fourteen-year old, it was quite literally the end of the world if he pissed himself in front of all of his classmates. Pressing his legs a little closer together, Sol jerked forward, a sudden spasm overtaking his tired bladder. A splash of pee hit the inside of his legs, warmly sliding down his skin. Tears brimmed Sol's eyes, dying to fall, much like the pee inside of his stomach.

"Ohh.." Sol's hand shot up. He was leaking steadily, and the front of his pants were subtly darker.

The teacher, Miss Higgins, shot him a stern look. "Again, Sol? What is it?"

"Bathroom," Sol begged. He was squirming feverishly, and was aware of the constant dampness in his boxers. "Please? I have to go so bad...I..."

Miss Higgins lowered her glasses. "I believe I've already answered that question two times."

"I know but..." his face was hot and flushed with perspiration. "I just really, really need a wee..." the words spilled out before he could register how embarrassing he sounded. He was suddenly painfully aware of the snickers filling the classroom, and his cheeks burned red with mortification.

Miss Higgins looked hesitant for a moment - and Sol's heart rose - but then she quickly shook her head. "I'm very sorry Sol, but I can't allow you to leave during a final exam. It's against the school board rules." With that, she turned briskly towards her desk, her heels clacking as she went.

Sol was left trying in vain to hold back his flood. He squirmed, he shifted, he crossed his legs, he bounced, he gripped his dick with both hands. But eventually, spurt after spurt turned into leak after leak, and before Sol could comprehend what was happening, steady, disjointed hissing sounds were filling the room. Oh, god! He was actually wetting himself...Sol's eyes watered, and he bent forward, squeezing harder. It was no use. More pee gushed out, soaking his pants and spilling onto the ground underneath him.

He was aware of the laughing eyes of all of his classmates. His face was bright red, and he was crying steadily now, unable to look at anyone as he pissed his pants like a literal five year old. After he was done, Miss Higgins actually made him sit in his wet pants until the exam ended, saying, "I still can't let you go. It's not allowed." Once the exam had been done, Miss Higgins had called his father to pick him up early or bring extra clothes.

Now, Sol's father had never been the nicest man, and although he was never quite abusive or outright mean, he was very big on being a man and not showing weakness. Always stern and rarely showing love or affection, his father had been quite unnerved by Sol's accident. Instead of offering support, he had told Sol he was acting like a girl and that that was the definition of weak. Sol could still remember the words his father had said to him before he'd went to bed that night. "My son would never do something as weak as this. You may live in this house, and I may support you with money and shelter, but you are, and never will again be considered my son."

Those words still never truly left his brain. It wasn't just his father - as a fourteen-year old, wetting himself was exactly what his classmates needed to make him an official target. Sol was bullied endlessly for wetting himself, both physically and verbally. It was something that would never get away from him, even as he distanced himself from the event.

Sol hadn't just wet himself that day. He'd also lost all of his confidence and self-respect.

"Sol!" Damien laughingly threw himself at his lean boyfriend, wrapping his arms around Sol's torso. "Hey, baby, how you doing?"

Sol pushed him away. "You sound like a hooker."

"What?" Damien pouted. "I'm just trying to greet my boyfriend lovingly."

Rolling his eyes, Sol gave Damien another shove before they began walking to Damien's car. Ever since that incident four years ago in the exam room, Sol had become hyper-aware of the activities of his bladder. He always went to the bathroom just in case, even if he didn't have to go, so an urge didn't come back to haunt him later on. He never drank a lot all at once, instead refusing to drink more than one glass of something at a time before he went to a bathroom. It was sort of an OCD, and he knew he should forget about it, but whenever he tried to just be a normal person about bodily functions, his father's words would come back to him. Weak. Girl. Sol didn't want to be any of those things, so he just settled for taking a piss nearly every hour.

Damien squeezed his shoulder. "Excited for our date?"

Sol rubbed his forehead. "Not really."

"Aw, c'mon! It's only our, what, tenth date?" Damian grinned. "The fireworks are still buzzing."

"Tenth." Sol made a noise of frustration. "And we still haven't had sex. I'm deprived."

Damien flashed him a smile. "You're the one who said you wanted to wait until you were eighteen."

"And I changed my mind," Sol practically growled.

"Not allowed," Damien sang. He patted Sol's shoulder. "It's okay. We can heavily make out afterwards."

Sol shook his head in exasperation, and Damien hooked his hand into Sol's. The two of them had been dating for almost a year now, and Sol didn't know what he would do without Damien. He himself had always had a sort of negative, boring outlook on life, but Damien was like energy and sunshine and flowers all wrapped in a happy little bundle. He loved Damian for that. For bringing some light into his life.

Sol had got into the habit of telling Damien everything. The only thing he hadn't mentioned was...well, the incident. Sol didn't think he could tell anyone that after the reaction he gotten from his father and classmates. What if Damien felt the same way? It was very possible.

After all, wetting yourself while fully conscious and awake, even at fourteen, was pretty abnormal.

"Where are we going again?" Damien asked.

"Dinner at the pizza place, and drinks afterwards." Sol bumped his hip to Damien's. "You need better memory."

Damien bumped his hip back. "And you need to smile more."

Sol frowned at the words. He followed Damien in to the car, trying not to focus on the words that he couldn't help but be slightly offended by.

+

The words were soon forgotten as Sol cuddled up with Damien at the booth at Pizza Hut. The two of them had ordered a large pizza, half-cheese (for Sol) and half topped with pepperoni, pineapple and olives (for Damien), with two extra large drinks to go with them. Sol had finished drinking his coke ages ago, and he could feel the uncomfortable fullness forming in his bladder.

Sol, being hyper-aware of his bladder, would have left for a precautionary bathroom break a long while back. But right now, Damien was holding him tightly in his lap, chin nestled on his head. He was too embarrassed to excuse himself from the comfortable position.

"Mmm, god, that tasted good. I know it's just pizza, but pizza is just so good. No matter how many times you eat it, it'll always taste like heaven." Damian curled his arms tighter around Sol. "And the dessert! I have never tasted something that good in my life. Seriously. Never."

Sol arched a brow. "Oh, really?"

Damian stopped. Then grinned. "Except you." He leaned down and kissed him. "You're even better than Pizza hut desert."

"I'm thrilled," Sol said. He shifted his bum on Damien's lap, trying to find a comfortable position. He'd always had a small bladder, and because he always went to the bathroom about a million times a day, his bladder muscles couldn't endure holding for that long. He could feel the pulsing in his lower abdomen, and the faint ache starting to form. I have to get to the bathroom...just in case...

"Hey, um, Damien?" he asked, blushing slightly.

"Yeaaah?"

"Can you let me go for a second? I need the bathroom."

Damien whined. "Must you pee? Right this moment? I'm so comfortable!"

Sol's face flushed. "It's not that I must pee. I just want to." He nudged Damien. "Let me up."

Damien let out a resigned sigh, and moved so Sol could get out. "Fine. But be back quickly." He made a face. "As cheesy as it sounds, I can't stay away from you."

Sol didn't say anything. Standing up made him aware that his bladder was more full than he thought, and there was a cramped fullness in his lower stomach that brought back memories he had shunned away. Wanting nothing more than to relieve himself, Sol hurried to the bathroom doors, his bladder already loosening at the sight of the men's loo - before it cramped back up again when Sol tugged on the door and it didn't open.

Sol made something akin to a whimpering sound (although he would never in his life admit it) and he pressed his thighs together, squirming a little. "Please open," he whispered, the fear of wetting rushing back full force even though he was still in considerable control. Sol pushed and pulled helplessly at the door handle, but the door refused to open. It stayed shut; blocking Sol from the relief he desperately craved.

"Ohh, c'mon..." Sol bounced a little, glancing around. Maybe he could escape to someplace around the plaza and use the bathroom really quick... but he didn't want Damien to realize it was urgent...

"Sir," one of the waitresses said, tapping him on the shoulder.

Sol whirled around, and made an "oomph" noise as the tingles from the ground rushed to his full bladder; the quivering organ full and round with piss. He knew it pretty pathetic to feel full after one glass of coke, but the coke had been extra large, and Sol wasn't used to holding it. He always took precaution to go every hour, so his bladder muscles had weakened considerably over the years. To top it off, he'd never had the largest bladder to begin with.

"Sorry to startle you." She smiled. "I just wanted to let you know that the bathroom is actually out of order. We must have forgotten to put on the sign." She apologized to him about the inconvenience, before sticking a a paper with the words Out of Order onto the door. Sol just bit his lip and stared at the door for an agonizingly long time, his legs pressed tight together, his body hunched slightly forward.

It wasn't that he was dying to pee. Okay, yes, he was pretty damn full, and really wanted to pee... but he could hold it for longer. It was just... this seed of fear in his gut, exploding through his body and sending him wracking with shivers. Wetting himself at fourteen had been the worst moment of his life. The rest of his high school years had been an overload of bullying and teasing, and his father's already harsh nature had only gotten harsher. It was only after they finally moved to a new state that Sol managed to put his wetting behind him to an extent.

If he wet himself now, all of the bullying and teasing would come back. Sol was sure of it.

But you can't do anything about it now. Just wait. Just go back to Damien, sit with him for awhile, and then casually suggest that you're tired and want to go home. You can pee at home - just hold it for now, Sol. Don't be a baby. Don't be weak. Don't act like a girl. Sol straightened his posture - then winced as his bladder squeezed agonizingly - before walking swiftly over to Damien.

Damien grinned when he came into view. "Hey, babe. I missed you."

"I was gone for five seconds," Sol huffed, sliding next to Damien. His bladder whimpered when it realized that it wasn't going to get the relief it craved, but Sol hushed it, and instead settled for crossing his legs tightly and smiling at Damien. "But I guess I can lie and say I missed you too. Just to make you feel better."

Damien groaned dramatically. "My poor heart!" he gasped out. "It can't take this abuse."

"Man up," Sol teased.

"I'm very manly," Damien said proudly. "I workout. Want to see pics?"

This time it was Sol's turn to groan dramatically. "You just want me to see your body."

Damien shrugged with a smile. "What can I say? I like to impress my favorite boy in the whole wide world."

Sol blushed a little at the compliment, and that was Damien's cue to swoop in for a kiss on the lips. Sol felt Damien's lips press against his own with a gentle, yet determined pressure, and his hands instinctively went around Damien's waist. However, just a second into the kiss, alarm bells went off: You need to pee. Your bladder is full. Can't you hear is sloshing and swishing inside your stomach? Sol hissed, and sucked in his stomach, tensing his thigh muscles.

Damien pulled apart immediately. Concern colored his face. "You okay?" he asked. "Did I like...hurt you somehow?"

He sounded so aggravatingly worried, and Sol wanted to blurt out, "I'm dying for a piss!" But his words were stuck in his throat, and he could only flush and look away, ignoring the fullness of his bladder in favor of saving him some embarrassment.

"Sorry," he said in a rush. "I just...um..." He scrambled to think of an excuse. "I just think I ate too much. My stomach hurts a bit."

Damien's face creased. "Oh no." He reached his hand out to push Sol's hair back. "How bad is it?"

Instantly, Sol felt guilty for lying. But he swallowed hard, and said, "A little bad. Can we cut the date short to go home?" He knew it was horrible to lie to his boyfriend, but he was hoping Damien would take him home early because of his stomach ache. Then he could pee all he wanted without worrying about out of order signs or long line ups.

"Yeah, yeah, sure." Damien's face was crumpled with worry. "You sure you're alright though? It's not an ulcer or anything, right? Want pain meds? I have Advil. I always bring Advil-"

"Damien." Sol smiled warmly. "Shut up, okay? I'm fine. It just hurts a bit because of all that pizza."

"Sure?" Damien pressed. "You've ate more than that before and your stomach never hurt before. Are you sure it's not a virus? What if it's food poisoni-"

"It's not," Sol practically snapped, his overfull bladder making him quickly irritable. He quickly clenched his legs back together, rocking a little. "I just want to rest, Geez. Is that too much to ask?" He knew he was being rude to Damien without any necessity, but his bladder was cramping and pulsing, his heart was pounding with fear, and the lie was making him sweat anxiously.

Damien looked highly offended. "I was just worried," he said. "You don't have to be a prick about it."

Sol swallowed, closing his eyes. His bladder sent urgent waves up his body, his poor abdomen containing what felt like an ocean. "I'm sorry," he said in a tired voice, eyes still closed, fingernails digging into the palms of his hands. "I just...my stomach hurts, okay?" His voice broke a little - mostly because he was so scared about wetting himself. He knew Damien would dump him if that happened. Nobody wanted a baby for a boyfriend.

Damien must have sensed his pain, even if he thought it was from the stomachache, and leaned forward to tenderly kiss him on the cheek. "Sorry, babe. I know you're in pain. Let's take you home." Damien waved to the woman to pay for the bill, before wrapping his arms around Sol and pulling him close. He helped him up, and the moment Sol stood upright, his bladder contracted in agony.

Sol's eyes widened, and one hand automatically slipped down to give himself a hard squeeze. Sol practically trembled in Damien's arms, hand still burying in his crotch to stop a leak from happening. That was close... his heart squeezed with fear, the fear of wetting himself, the fear of being abandoned clinging to his mind. Luckily, Damien didn't notice him grabbing himself. His chin rested on Sol's head, and he assumed the shivering was from his stomachache. "C'mon," he said, gently pulling him along. "Let's go home, okay?"

Sol just nodded, still frozen with fear. He removed his hand once more, but was forced to rub his legs together desperately as he was pulled along by Damien. As they left the room, his bladder once more squeezed, as if asking, We're leaving without using a bathroom? Sol just told it to shut up, moaned softly, and let himself be dragged outside of the pizza place. The sky had darkened across the city, stripping the light blue to a mix of oranges and pinks.

The air was chillier than before, and Sol shivered, curling into Damien. Each step sent frantic jolts to his bladder, and before they even reached their car, Sol was clenching all of his muscles to hold everything back, the tops of his thighs grinding together as discretely as possible. He was attempting to crush his dick between his legs when Damien asked him, "You cold? You keep moving around."

"Yeah," Sol squeaked out; his face turned scarlet. "And...yeah. Cold."

Damien smiled. "I'd give you a jacket if I had one."

He knew Damien was trying to be sweet, but Sol couldn't talk sweet with him right now. His bladder felt like it was containing the entire contents of the pool in his backyard, pushing and prodding petulantly to be let out. Sol whimpered quietly, tensing his stomach and begging himself to hold it in. Don't pee...don't pee....don't think about peeing... Sol's bladder nudged a little, and Sol's legs tangled tighter together. It was horribly difficult to walk like that, but he hoped Damien chocked it up to the stomachache.

When they reached the car, Sol practically dove into the backseat. If he sat at the front, he would have had to stay discrete. The back gave him full privacy. The moment he was behind tinted windows, he squeezed himself harshly, squirming into the seat. His hand pressed against his crotch, pinching himself close tightly. "Ohhh..." he let out a soft moan. The front door opened, and Damien slid in, looking confused.

"Sol?"

"In the back," Sol practically groaned out.

"The back?" Damien started the car, pulling out of the parking lot. "How come?"

"Just tired," Sol lied. "I...my stomach hurts, so I thought if I wanted to lie down..."

"Oh."

The reply was curt; almost hurt. But Sol couldn't care about whether Damien was hurt or not. All he could care about was his bladder; his full and bursting bladder. He leaned forward, biting his lip harshly as his other hand joined him in his lap, squeezing rhythmically. His abdomen sloshed and pulsed with desire; but Sol just strapped on his seat belt, squirming feverishly, and told it to calm down.

He didn't care what it took, or how much pain he was in. He was not going to wet himself.

His eyes anxiously darted to the window, where trees blurred past him. The ride to his house was about ten minutes from the pizza place - ten minutes. That wasn't that long. He could it hold it for ten minutes. His bladder thought otherwise, sending a desperate wave of agony through Sol's body. Sol whimpered, and hunched forward, both hands squeezing harshly through the fabric of his jeans. His hands were clammy and sweaty, and he clawed desperately at his crotch, trying to stop a flood from happening.

Damien must have heard the whimper. "Is it that bad?" He asked from the front, voice filled with concern.

Sol gasped softly as his bladder replied with an urgent yes, a spurt of pee spilling from his bladder and into the fabric of his boxers. The pee was warm and moist, and incredibly nice to let out, but it sent Sol into a deep pit of fear. Both his hands squeezed harder, and he shifted his bum on the seat, bending forward deeply. Don't wet yourself, he pleaded to his bladder. You're going to lose everything if you do. Sol writhed in his seat, pale and moaning with desperation.

Damien asked again, more urgently, "Sol? You okay? Do you want me to pull over?"

Yes, please-fucking-yes.

An idea shot through Sol's brain, and he straightened up, still squeezing himself hard. "Um, can you actually pull over?" he managed in a tight, strained voice. "I don't feel good...kind of nauseous... " That wasn't a lie - he did feel sick from worry and fear. But this ploy would work perfectly - Sol could go to a bathroom to "throw up" while actually peeing. It was fool-proof, and the mere thought of letting go excited him.

Damien nodded, and said, "As soon as I see an exit, I'll pull over."

Although still incredibly full, Sol nearly groaned from relief. He couldn't wait to release his poor bladder into the toilet. The thought about whipping himself out and wetting like no tomorrow sent a leak streaming through his bladder, and Sol straightened up hurriedly, his hands buried in his lap, squeezing like there was no tomorrow. Oh god, hold it, hold it... He could feel tears stinging his eyes; one hand cradled his full bladder protectively, while the other tried to clench back his flood.

"Pull over," he whimpered desperately.

Damien started saying, "Oka-" but it was cut off with, "Oh, shit." The car rode for a moment, before coming to an abrupt stop.

Sol bent forward, eyes filling with tears. Why were they stopping? There was no rest stop here. Why had they stopped? Why wasn't the car moving, dammit?

"Babe," Damien said. "I'm really sorry about this, but...I think we just hit traffic. I know you don't feel well, um, but...there's a spare bag in the trunk if you feel like queasy and-"

This wasn't happening. This couldn't be happening. Sol's worst nightmare was coming true - hitting him straight in the gut of his abdomen. Sol arched his back as his bladder pounded, both hands crumpled against his crotch, shaking and trembling and writhing with need. He hitched his hips forward; before shifting back and forth, rocking at a feverish state to hold everything in. This can't be happening. This can't be happening. Please, it can't...

It was happening, and the situation hit Sol hard.

He could feel the tears wetting his cheeks, in his haze of fear and desperation. Both of his hands were permanently glued to the crotch of his jeans; his legs moved rapidly, fanning in and out, and his hips rocked from side to side in an awkward attempt to hold everything in.

"You okay?" Damien called back. "Please, sweetie. Answer me."

Answer him. Answer him, Sol.

Sol opened his mouth, but all he could choke out was a ragged sob. He was so scared; his whole body was not only trembling with desperation, but immense fear. He knew what would happen if he wet himself. Damien would walk away from him. He would look at him with disgust, call him a baby, and dump him for someone more mature and responsible. He would tell everyone at school how he'd pissed himself. The whole school would start bullying him again, and it would get around to his father and-

"No," Sol whimpered; his whole body was curled against the seat, and he moved to sit so his heel pressed against his crotch, trying to shove all of his pee into his bloated bladder.

"Are you okay?" Damien had an iron grip on the steering wheel. "It sounds like you're in too much pain. Babe, I'm taking you to the ER, okay?"

"No!" Sol gasped out. "No, please, don't." He couldn't go to the ER. He didn't want to prolong relief longer than he had to.

"But you sound like you're in so much pain," Damien babbled, feeling helpless up front. "I can hear your crying, and, please, baby, maybe there's something wrong."

Everything is wrong, but it's not medical. Or maybe it was medical. Maybe there was something wrong with him. Other people never had these kinds of problems at seventeen, did they? Sol moaned loudly, body wrenching forward, hands jammed in his crotch. His boxers were wet and damp, encouraging the rest of his bladder to pour over them. Sol winced and squeezed and wriggled. He couldn't give in. He couldn't-

Traffic freed. All at once, Damien was driving smoothly down the highway. "We're out of traffic," Damien breathed in relief. "Okay, hang on. I'm taking you to the hospital."

"No!" Sol begged. "I just want to go home."

"But you sound like you're dying," Damien proclaimed. "I don't want you to go home if it's something serious."

"Damien, please." Sol couldn't argue with him about this. He didn't have the energy or concentration to debate. His whole body was shaking in agony, his bladder feeling swollen and rounded with pee. After a moment of agonizing silence, Damien finally said, "Fine. Home. But if the Advil I give you doesn't work, I'm taking you the hospital."

Yes! "Thank you," Sol said in his ever-strained voice, bucking his hips forward once more. He forgot completely about pulling over for an exit, and as his house was only five minutes away now, Sol knew there was no point. He knew all he could do now was hold everything back in in one final test of willpower.

The five minutes ticked by in seemingly slow motion as Sol held it all in. His legs were wrapped around each other like a pretzel, and his thighs were squeezed roughly together, both hands wedged between them. He was rocking and squirming in a frantic, hectic pace, his whole body curled forward, shrunken into itself. Sol couldn't fathom why one glass of coke - no matter how large - could make him this desperate.

Until it hit him.

Before he'd left for Damien's care, he'd drunk half of his water bottle. He'd planned on going pee as soon as they reached the pizza place, but he'd gotten so distracted by Damien and the food that he'd forgotten - not that it would have mattered anyway, with the bathrooms being out of order. But it made suddenly made way more sense why he was so desperate, and Sol cursed himself silently, frantically, on why he was such an idiot.

You were supposed to be careful, Sol grinded his hands into his crotch harder; almost painfully harshly, as if he was punishing himself. How could you be so stupid and let this happen?

The next few moments were of self-deprecation and utter, torturous desperation. All Sol wanted was sweet relief, but all he could was keep his bladder locked in with the waistband of his jeans, the belt strapped securely around his abdomen reminding him that he couldn't release a drop. Not that he'd listened. He'd released more than a few drops, and his boxers were feeling the wetness. Sol glanced down with a blurry, tearful gaze, thanking the gods that no wetness was showing on the jeans of his crotch.

"We're here," Damien said loudly, practically jumping out of the car.

Sol's head whipped up; relief swarmed his body in a furious rush of exhilaration. They were in his driveway - in the driveway that led to his quaint little house that had a quaint little bathroom. And then - all at once - horror settled deep in his stomach, along with his full bladder. Sol had planned to act composed when Damien came around to open his door, but all his composure left the window when he saw the lights on in his house.

His father was home.

His father was home.

He was supposed to have a late shift at work.

Everything crumpled around him; he broke into a tearful mess, hands squeezing, pale and shaking with desperation.

His father didn't know about Damien. He didn't even know Sol was gay (lest he kill Sol for being such an abomination). And now? He knew his father was going to stand there and interrogate him, and Sol wasn't sure he could hold in his pee to that point. He wasn't even sure he could survive the whole situation. Helpless and lost, his eyes blurred as his crying got louder, both his hands squeezing to hold in his painfully full bladder.

I have to pee. I have to pee. I have to pee so bad - someone make it stop.

He hated himself at that moment. For being gay, for having a small bladder, for being so stupid as to let it get this bad.

And then there were arms around him - warm, strong arms wrapping around his back, and soft, hushed kisses against his forehead. "Oh, baby," he heard Damien say through a haze of desperation and fear. "Why didn't you say you needed to go so bad? Why didn't you tell me you needed to pee?" He knew Damien was clicking the pieces together - the lies about the stomachache, his reluctance to go the ER. But when Sol's eyes met his, there was no anger; just worry and encouragement.

"Dami-ien-" Sol was still shaking, but he felt a long leak stream into his pants. "I'm so - I'm so sorry - but I need to..." he curled deeply, whimpering as he forced his bladder to hold everything in.

"I know what you need now," Damien whispered softly. "C'mon. Let's get you inside and to the bathroom. You can do it."

Damien didn't understand. His father was home.

"I can't," Sol moaned. Another long stream of piss squeezed out from his tightly clenched hands, and to Sol's horror, the wetness was starting to show on his jeans. "Please, no," he begged. "Please, Damien, make it stop. I can't - I can't -"

"Stop crying, please," Damien whispered. "You're going to make yourself sick."

"Stop it," he pleaded again. "Stop it." He wasn't sure who he was talking about - Damien or his bladder. Both, maybe. There was a moment of tense silence; Sol groaned, clawing at his crotch, desperately trying to hold it all back. Then, in another moment, Damien's hand cupped his groin and squeezed. The sudden, stronger hand's grip stopped his trickling leaks short.

"There, babe. I stopped it." Damien's voice was filled with sadness.

"Don't let go," Sol pleaded. "I can't wet myself. I can't."

Damien was horrified at the way Sol begged to him; the frantic pleading in his eyes, the horrible fear on his face. Damien didn't care if Sol soaked his pants - he just wanted his boyfriend to be happy. But he knew, right now, that if Sol wet himself, it was going to be a long road to getting Sol to smile ever again. He wasn't sure why, but he knew his boyfriend, and he knew that Sol needed to get to a bathroom fast.

"C'mon," He lifted Sol up as carefully as he could out of the car, his one hand still awkwardly clenching Sol's dick. He felt embarrassed for doing such a thing to his boyfriend - forcing him to hold back his pee - but he knew that was what Sol wanted. Blowing out an air of breath, he tried to get Sol into the house.

"No!" Sol was crying. "We can't go in. My father's in there. He's going to kill me."

"What?" Damien felt his heart thrashing wildly against his chest. He knew Sol's father was kind of rude and cold toward his son, but now he was starting to worry to what extent. Sol looked so scared, his petite form trembling and shaking in Damien's arms. "It's okay," Damien whispered quietly into his ear. "I have a plan." Anything to comfort his boyfriend. "We'll just sneak into the backyard, and you can water the garden, okay?" He felt his voice go softer. "Your father won't know, and you can go in and introduce me as a friend, not a boyfriend."

Sol whimpered; his bladder contracted, and a bit of pee leaked out, spilling forward. He knew Damien could feel it, and he buried his head into Damien's shoulder. "I'm so sorry," he said. "I'm so sorry." That was all he kept saying, and each I'm sorry hurt every piece that made up Damien's heart. He couldn't stand it. With a determined expression, Damien started forward for the backyard.

But before he could take a step, Sol's gasped out, "No," and froze.

Damien, for a moment, thought Sol was going to wet himself. But then he followed Sol's eyes and there stood Sol's father, dressed in a suit, standing on the driveway with an expression of absolute disgust.

"No, no, no." Sol's eyes squeezed shut, trying to block away the world around him. This couldn't be happening - it couldn't.

Damien was suddenly aware that he was holding onto Sol's dick in front of Sol's father, and in sudden embarrassment, his hand flew off. The lack of pressure tipped Sol over the edge; before Sol could get a chance to get his own hands back on his crotch, pee gushed out full force, soaking his boxers and seeping through his jeans. Sol's hands scrambled for his crotch, trying to hold it back again, but his weakened muscles were over containing pee - even with tightly clenched hands, the wetness pooled down Sol's jeans, dripping and cascading down his legs. Sol couldn't believe it.

Everything he had worked for went down the train. All of the precaution he had taken the last few years to never wet himself again had gone to waste - and now he was standing in his own piss, his father in front of him, his life about to spiral downwards once more.

"Sol, it's okay-" Damien started.

Sol couldn't hear him. He couldn't hear the comfort, because he knew Damien was going to break up with him. He stumbled backwards, breathing raggedly, crying so hard his lungs heaved for a break. "I'm sorry," he whimpered out. "I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-"

Sol's father just stared at him, eyes hard and unforgiving. "You're gay," he finally snarled out. "I knew it. Get out of my house and never come back."

"No." Sol covered his face with his hands. "Please, dad, no-"

"Get out." Sol's father's voice was cold. "And take your faggot boyfriend with you." The words were cruelly said - the meaning of the words even crueler. Sol tried to apologize, but all he could hear was a loud ringing in his head, a loud chorus of voices saying, You're so stupid. You're so stupid. You're so stupid. His whole body was vibrating, trembling from head to toe, and he was heaving as he cried.

"Hush, please," Damien's voice was thick with tears, even as he held them back. He tried to wrap his arms around Sol, but Sol jerked away.

"No!" Sol pleaded. "Go away. I'm gross and disgusting, I know that."

"No, Sol..." Damien's face was clouded with concern. He reached for his boyfriend, and this time, when he tried to jerk away, he forced him close, pressing their bodies together. "Shhhh... calm down," he said as calmly as he could. "I think you're having a panic attack. Just try to take a deep breath, okay?" He didn't know what was going on, or why Sol was acting this way, but he knew he loved his boyfriend. He knew that much.

He loved Sol.

"I love you," Damien said, peppering Sol's tear-streaked face with kisses. "I love you, please. Please don't say you're gross."

"But I am." Sol could hardly comprehend what was happening. He just felt so weak and exhausted and torn apart. His brain was foggy and strained with the psychological trauma of the bullying from when he was younger, and it swirled painfully in his gut, the fear making him sick. He was hardly aware of his wet jeans clinging to his legs, and was barely aware of the sweet, "I love you's" coming from Damien's mouth.

All he knew was that he stupid, and gross, and disgusting, and that he didn't have a father anymore.

"I'm sorry," Sol finally whimpered out into Damien's chest. Damien just held him tightly, the both of them standing there in place. The night was cool and quiet aside from a few chirping birds, the tree branches rustling and creaking. Sol's sobs quieted down, until he was resting sleepily on Damien's chest, eyes closing from exhaustion. "I'm sorry," he kept mumbling, even as he stilled. "So sorry for everything."

Damien didn't say anything. He just held his boyfriend until Sol's body stopped trembling. When the boy fell asleep on him, he gently lifted him into the car, buckling his seat belt up for him before driving to his own apartment. He was a year older, so he went to university and lived in residency. He had a single room - no roommates - so he knew they could be alone there.

The drive was painful for Damien. His whole body had clenched up, and nausea had crept up to his throat. He had never seen his boyfriend that way before. He'd never seen Sol lose himself like that, and he'd never seen Sol call himself those awful names. Was wetting himself really that big of a deal? Damien didn't think it was. He really didn't. Yeah, it was a bit unusual, but he knew he would never judge Sol because of a mere wetting.

That wasn't how relationships worked. Surely, Sol knew that?

And then Sol's father. Damien couldn't think about it anymore; his own eyes were burning with tears that he refused to let fall. He hated Sol's father at that moment.

Sol deserved he world, and his father sure as hell wasn't even a third of that.

When they arrived to Damien's apartment, Damien lifted the boy bridal style and carried him to his empty bed. Getting a pair of his old sweatpants, he carefully peeled down Sol's jeans and boxers. He knew Sol would be embarrassed about it later, but he didn't want the jeans to chafe Sol's legs, so he carefully replaced Sol's pants and boxers with his own pair. They were a bit loose around Sol's waist, but Damien could careless.

Sitting on the edge of the bed, he stroked Sol's hair back, staring at him with fondness and sadness. "I'm sorry," he whispered quietly. "I'm sorry this happened to you."

Sol didn't reply, fast asleep. At least his breathing had evened out. Damien took a quick shower, before changing into a pair of pajamas and slipping into the bed next to Sol. He wrapped his arms around Sol, pulling him close, and letting the other snuggle into his chest. He held him tightly - protectively - trying to shield him from everything that could hurt him. "You're okay," he told him. "You'll be okay."

Sol would be okay. He had some issues that needed to be worked out, but Damien would help him through it.

Damien would help Sol realize what a wonderful person he was, and he would help Sol get over the crushing words from his father.

"I love you," Damien whispered into Sol's neck, kissing him softly on the cheek.

They would be okay.

He closed his eyes, and curled up close.

He would make sure of that.

*002*2014-11-23 21:43

{{: 

So many emotions while reading this, and I don't normally get emotional when reading most stuff! It was mostly hate towards you for doing this to him, but I loved it so much. I'm still trying to wipe away tears. I hope this isn't just a one time thing because I've fallen in love with this couple. I don't ever care if there's any omorashi in it or not. It was beautifully written and I want to read more. Best thing I've read in a long time.

}}

Thank you so much. This is literally one of the best compliments I've ever received :) This is a one time thing, unfortunately, but it's not a definite that I won't write about them in the future. For now, though, yeah, it's a one off. But thanks again, I'm really glad you enjoyed it, and I appreciate the comment beyond words can express.

