The School Nurse's Student Assistant

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-09-03 00:52

"Mr. Stein! Mr. Miller! Just what do you think youi're doing?"

Mr. Norris, our Middle School Principle, knew what we were doing; it was obvious. We were peeking through a small hole in the painted window of the girls' locker room -- a definite no no.

My heart stopped. A dark stain spread down the front of Iggy's pants. Crap! I'm wetting my pants, too.

"My office, now!" Mr. Norris marched is down the hall. We carried our books in front of us, just in case anyone else was in the hall. I felt another squirt in my underpants. Please, please, bladder, not now! My bladder, however, was paying no attention.

We arrived at Mr. Norris's office. My pants were wet to the cuff on my left leg. Iggy's stain was still spreading. We were both making little pee pools on the hardwood floor. Mr. Norris stood before us, watching.

"I hope you boys are finished peeing on my floor," said Mr. Norris, glancing from Iggy's eyes to mine. I thought I had, but, no, I still had a squirt to go. Now I was finished.

"What do you boys have to say for yourselves?" Iggy and I hung our heads. "I said, 'What do you boys have to say for yourselves?'" Mr. Norris was really mad. "Mr. Stein?"

"Nothing, Sir."

"Don't lie to me, boy; tell me what you were doing peeping in the window of the girl's dressing room."

"W-watching the girls, Sir."

"O, so you were watching the girls, were you? Were you watching the girls, too, Mr. Miller?"

"Yes, Sir."

"I see. Two peeping toms -- what should your punishment be?" I prayed it would be no worse then hanging. "I'll have to think about this." Mr. Norris stroked his chin.

The bell rang; students filled the hall. "Go down to Miss Cannon and get your pants changed," ordered Mr. Norris. When we hesitated, he added, "Now!"

We hit the hall, trying to make ourselves invisible. Fat chance. "Look, Tory peed his pants!" All eyes found my tell tale stains. My face burned. We broke into a run. "No running in the hall!" This from Mrs. Haynes. We slowed to a walk. Iggy was crying. Me? I was just about to die.

"O my; did you boys have a little peepee accident in your pants?" You think, Miss Cannon, I muttered to myself. Just give us some sweats and let us change.

"Mandy," Miss Cannon called. A tall girl wearing a TCHS sweatshirt appeared.

"Yes, Miss Cannon."

"Take these boys into room three, please, and get them changed." Mandy raised her eyebrows. "Mandy, if you're going to be my Nurse's Assistant, you may as well get used to working with boys as well as girls.

"Yes, Miss Cannon." To Iggy and me, "Come this way.

Mandy ushered us into room three and closed the door. "How old are you boys?" Mandy asked. We told our ages. "You're pretty old to be peeing your pants, arn't you?"

"We were just...Oof!" I elbowed Iggy into silence.

"Yes, Mam; it was an accident." I hoped this would close the inquiry.

"I'm sure it was," returned Mandy. "Now, let's get those wet pants off."

Obviously, Mandy expected us to drop our pants immediately, but Iggy and I just stood there. "Come, come," Mandy insisted, taking hold of my pants and unbutting and unzipping them. "I know what little boys look like; I have brothers, you know."

Yippi, Yi Yo! for you Mandy, I thought. My pants fell to my ankles; I stepped out of them. Mandy had already started on Iggy. Without further comment, our underpants followed our pants down our legs, and into a plastic bag. "Move your hands," Mandy ordered; "Let me see if you're chapping. We moved our hands. Mandy inspected our equipment. "You boys have already reached puberty," observed Mandy officiously; you need to get over this pee pants thing." The hell, girl; you're preaching to the choir, for crying out loud!

Mandy had turned to the sink, and was wetting a wash cloth. "Spread your legs," she ordered Iggy. "Wider. There." Mandy wiped Iggy's thighs and crotch, giving special attention to his scrotum and penis. Mandy rinsed out the wash cloth and started on me. Jeez Loiuse! I was getting hard. My panis was poking straight out in front of me. "Naughty boy," Mandy said, shaking a finget playfully at me. She gave my penis a final wipe, and returned to the sink.

"Nurse, my bottom's wet, too." Iggy, shut the hell up, my mind screamed.

"Turn around," ordered Mandy. We did as told. Mandy wiped Iggy's bottom, then spread his buttocks and wiped there. "Young man, do you know what toilet paper's for?"

"Yes, Mam."

"Then start using it, commanded Mandy, holding up the brown stained wash cloth.

Thankfully, Mandy got a clean wash cloth, before starting on me. Her hands felt sensual on my bottom -- Gosh, did I just think that? Thankfully, I was clean between my buttocks. I got a good wipe anyway.

Mandy put both wash cloths in the laundry basket. "Now, let's see what we can find for you to wear." She rummaged through a small closet.

"Here we go," she said, emerging with some sweat pants. One was gray, but the other was pink! She lay them on the counter, and I saw with horror what else she had in her hand -- panties. "We hardly ever have boys with wet pants, so most of our emergency clothing is for girls," said Mandy, "but these should fit you. She handed each of us a pair of panties. Iggy's were pale blue with yellow polkadots. Mine were yellow, with little butterflies. "Do I have to put them on you?" insisted Mandy. Iggy and I gulped and put on our panties. Iggy's fit pretty good, but mine were two sizes too small and low cut. Good grief. I just hoped Mama wouldn't be home when I got there. Jeez! Panties!

"Now these." Mandy handed us sweat pants. Good! Iggy got the pink ones; he looked crestfallen. I glanced at the label in the gray sweats. Fifty-two! Jeez Louise. I pulled them on. They came up to my armpits, while the legs bunched around my ankles. Mandy pulled my sweats down to the proper hight and tied them securely. "We don't want these falling down, now, do we?" No, Mam, we did not!

Mandy steered us back to Miss Cannon. "Well," she mused; "I hope you boys have learned a good lesson."

Damn straight, lady.

Now, run along to class . Miss Cannon motioned us out into the hall. A minute later, a fit of hilarious laughted told Miss Cannon that we had arrived in Algebra class. It was going to be a long afternoon. Yet, unbeknownst to Iggy and me, there was light at the end of the long, dark, wet tunnel...as you may learn tomorrow.

