Camping Trip - Part One

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2011-12-26 18:55

From my very early childhood, I have always been something of an outcast amongst people my own age. As a young girl, I preferred the tangibility of books and stability of equations to the illogical, imaginative games the other children played; and as a teenager I would sooner stay in and study than go out shopping or to the movies. On top of this, I carried with me a secret which caused me to come across extremely guarded and unsociable. This caused my peers to reach the conclusion that I was something of an oddball, and though I was never bullied, I never really made any friends.

It wasn’t until university that all this changed; and this change came in the form of a bright, bubbly blonde named Regan. Though the antithesis of myself, we somehow became close friends in a very short amount of time, and she quickly tried to integrate me into her group of friends. From the first time she acknowledged me, I knew I wanted more from Regan than a platonic relationship; but self-doubt caused me to meticulously hide this from her. This story begins near the start of our unlikely friendship, when Regan persuaded me to accompany her and a group of her friends on a camping trip to a seaside village not too far from our university.

###

“I think that’s completely ridiculous,” I said for the third time, “If we go that way, we’ll be walking up steep hills perhaps sixty percent of the time on uneven ground and it’ll slow us down considerably.”

“So your alternative is to go all the way round there?” Rick snorted, tracing his finger over the route I’d suggested, “It’ll be midnight by the time we get to the campsite!”

“You’re not listening,” I began to argue heatedly, but before I could continue, Katie cut me off with a loud groan.

“Would you just shut the hell up, Cassie?” she said to me, “If we stand here arguing it’s going to be midnight by the time we get to the campsite anyway! Let’s just go Rick’s way, I’m sure he knows what he’s talking about.”

“Fine,” I said tersely, turning to the group at large, “Let’s put it to the vote. All those in favour of following Rick’s route, say “aye.””

“Aye,” everyone chorused immediately, and I turned to Regan incredulously.

“Seriously?” I growled, “You’re trusting his judgement over mine?”

Regan shrugged a little guiltily. “I just want to move,” she confessed, “Katie’s right: if we don’t come to some sort of agreement soon, we’re not going to get anywhere.”

“Fine,” I said furiously, grabbing my rucksack and hoisting it onto my back, trying to ignore Rick and Katie’s smug grins. “Whatever. Let’s go, then.” And with that, I began stalking off in the direction Rick had suggested without bothering to check that the others were following.

As we walked, I listened to the others chattering blithely behind me, but didn’t add any of my own input: I was still angry that everyone had taken Rick’s side over mine. After a while, I reached behind me to touch the two-litre bottle of water in the side pocket of my rucksack. I’d told myself that I’d try not to drink much, knowing that my small bladder was likely to prove an issue during this trek, but it was reaching midday and the sun was beating down heavily on us, causing me to feel uncomfortably hot and dehydrated. Eventually, I pulled the bottle of water from the side pocket of my rucksack and took a careful sip. The water tasted better than champagne as it slipped easily down my dry throat, and I was unable to prevent myself from taking several more greedy sips.

Just as I had known we would, we soon came to the bottom of a series of steep hills. I sighed loudly, knowing that we were in for a difficult trek, and took one further gulp of water before setting it back in my side pocket and beginning the arduous climb.

We hadn’t even reached the top of this first hill before Katie began complaining. She was wearing a top with spaghetti straps, and predictably, her rucksack was rubbing against her bare shoulders. I rolled my eyes to myself and continued to plough my way up the hill. Upon reaching the top, I paused to glance behind me and realised that the others were a considerable way back. As I waited for them to catch up, I took the opportunity to check the map. Horrifically, my bladder was already beginning to feel uncomfortably full and I wanted to see if there were any rest stops nearby. There weren’t though, of course, as Rick had taken us completely off the road and into the middle of nowhere. I sighed, and replaced the map. It wasn't urgent yet, anyway, and although I was aware of the fact that my bladder was considerably smaller than that of most, I was confident that I could wait until we’d reached the campsite.

After about another ten or fifteen minutes had passed, however, I was beginning to think otherwise. When I checked the map, it was clear that we hadn’t made much headway- undoubtedly due to the fact that we’d been walking uphill most of the way- and it would be a long while before we got anywhere close to the campsite.

My need to relieve myself was now a constant, nagging pain in the pit of my stomach, and- as I paused at the top of another hill to allow the stragglers (Katie and Mark, namely) to catch up, I found myself pressing my thighs together in an attempt to suppress the pressure building inside of me.

“Can’t you walk any faster?” I grumbled, when Katie and Mark finally arrived at the top of the hill, red faced and out of breath.

“Oh shut up, Cassie, my shoulders are killing me,” Katie snapped immediately, “And I’d like to see you try walking with tent poles banging against your legs.”

“You volunteered to carry the poles, Katie: nobody forced you!” I reminded her; and she scowled at me.

“Well, I’d like to suggest a rest,” Mark said, taking his rucksack from his shoulders and tossing it to the ground where he sat down wearily.

“We don’t have time for rests,” I told him tetchily, “We’re behind schedule as it is, due to certain ingenious ideas.” I glanced at Rick.

“I’m all in favour of a five minute rest,” Denny said, dropping down beside Mark and easing his rucksack from his shoulders.

“Me too,” Katie said, joining them on the ground.

“We don’t have time!” I repeated, but my protests were futile: now everyone was sitting down and taking off their bags.

It was a good ten minutes before I was able to get them moving again, and by this point I was pacing up and down impatiently. My urge to urinate had violently increased, and I really needed to get to that campsite as soon as possible.

“Finally,” I muttered, as the others reluctantly began to climb to their feet, returning their bags to their shoulders. “Let’s get moving again.”

“Hold your horses,” Rick said, as I began walking away. “I need to take a slash before we make a move.”

“You’re not serious,” I grumbled, as he headed off in the direction of some nearby bushes, and was quickly followed by Adam, Denny and Mark. I crossed my legs nonchalantly as I waited for them to return, thinking resentfully about how easy it was for guys to relieve themselves in public while us girls had to suffer.

Finally, we were moving once more, and Regan and Denny started up a song as we walked. I couldn’t hide from it now: I was desperate for the toilet. Every step we took, the waistband of my khaki trousers pressed into my bladder, and I kept needing to pull it away from my stomach as I walked. I was beginning to lag behind with the stragglers too: my need to urinate was making my steps smaller as I fought to press my thighs together as I walked.

After another half hour had passed, I had completely moved from the front of the group to the back, and was even lagging behind Mark and Katie. Every step uphill was a struggle against my bladder, and I needed to focus every little bit of energy on not urinating then and there. Then, all of a sudden, an immense urge to pee- right that moment- came upon me. I ground to a halt, and crossed my right thigh over my left, sucking in my breath through my teeth. I felt a surge of pee press against the very edge of my labia and ground my thighs harder together; and finally the urge went away, allowing me to continue walking. I was in a panic, however: it would be at least half an hour before we reached the campsite and I wasn’t sure I could wait that long.

When I caught up with the others, they were all taking off their bags once more.

“What’s going on?” I frowned.

“We’re having another rest stop,” Regan told me. “Just for a minute or two,” she added, when my expression betrayed my annoyance, “Lexi and I need a wee, is all.”

“Oh.” I came to a stop just short of them and shifted my weight uncomfortably from one foot to the other.

“Right, come on then, Lexi,” Regan said, throwing her bag into the pile with the others, before looking from me to Katie and cocking her head to one side expectantly, “You two coming?”

“I will,” Katie said, moving to join the other two girls, “Only, no peeking, Rae!”

“I wouldn’t dream of it,” Regan giggled, then looked at me, “Cassie?”

“No thank you,” I said, bobbing up and down once awkwardly, as my bladder gave another uncomfortable twinge.

“You sure?” Regan asked, casting an experienced eye over my posture.

I nodded firmly, trying to prevent myself from squirming in front of her. “I’m fine, thank you.”

“As you please,” Regan said, and she hurried off into the bushes with the two other girls. I crossed my right thigh over my left and bobbed up and down several times as the thought of the other girls relieving themselves came to mind. I was so desperate to do the same- but I just couldn’t with those other girls nearby. I had never relieved myself out in the open before and was seriously doubting my ability to do so without humiliating myself. On top of that, urinating in front of the others would involve exposing my most private area to the other girls, and I simply didn’t trust them enough to risk doing that.

When they returned, full of giggles, I was clenching everything to prevent myself from hopping from foot to foot in abject desperation. Hold on, I told myself, as a flood of panic came over me, causing the pressure to increase violently, We’re almost there now.”

As we began to resume walking, I surged ahead, almost running, in an attempt to hurry us closer to the campsite. But this fast pace immediately caused my bladder to moan and spasm, and I involuntarily let out the smallest amount of urine into my underwear. It was only with superhuman effort (and a brief press with my hand between my legs) that I managed to prevent myself from having a complete accident.

“Hey, Cassie!” Regan was running to catch up with me, and I quickly whipped my hand back to my side before she saw. “Slow down, chick. You’re leaving the others behind.”

“It isn’t my fault they’re walking so damn slowly,” I complained, my hand straying back across my thigh. I hoped Regan would fall back with the others once more- I needed some kind of physical pressure between my legs to prevent me from wetting any more now, and I couldn’t press my hand to my crotch with her next to me.

“Still, we need to find a medium pace that we can all walk at,” Regan said fairly, and to my dismay she stayed at my side. I clenched my jaw and tried to press my thighs together as I walked, trying anything to keep my pee firmly inside my body. “What’s wrong anyway, Cass?” she asked then, “You’ve been really quiet for a while now. You okay?”

“Yeah, I’m fine,” I replied, panicking as another huge burst of desperation raged through me. Once again, I couldn’t quite hold everything back, and felt a little trickle of dampness seep into my underwear. Quickly, I stopped walking and bent down, pretending to be adjusting my shoelace as I rubbed the heel of my other boot firmly against myself.

“Are you sure?” Regan bent down beside me, dropping her voice to a whisper. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say that you need to pee. Are you too shy to do it outside? I’ll stand guard so nobody can watch.”

I felt my face flush scarlet, and ground my heel harder against myself. “I’m fine, Regan,” I insisted, entirely mortified by this conversation, “I didn’t relieve myself back there because I didn’t need to, not because I’m goddamn shy!”

I climbed swiftly back to my feet as if to emphasise my point, and immediately felt a gush of urine shoot out of me the second I took the pressure of my heel away. I crossed my legs hastily, and ferreted frantically in my side pocket for my map, which I pretended to be perusing as I bobbed up and down in an attempt to regain control.

“Yeah, we seem to be going in the right direction,” I said decidedly, as though I had truly been consulting my map.

“Great!” Denny said brightly, catching up to me along with the others. “So that stile we need to go over should be over there somewhere, right?”

“Stile?” I tried to look at the map properly, but I couldn’t focus. I hadn’t the slightest idea where we were, let alone where we needed to go. My need to pee was all-consuming now, occupying every part of my brain.

I began bouncing up and down on the balls of my feet, and my left hand drifted back to my thigh. While keeping most of my hand on my thigh, I moved my first two fingers so that they were between my legs and pressed hard, still bouncing uncontrollably.

“Oh, give me that,” Rick snapped, and grabbed the map from me. He perused it for all of two seconds, before pointing to a clump of trees some distance to the left. “Yeah, that’s where we need to go,” he said confidently.

I continued to hold myself in this discreet fashion as we began to walk once more. I took the lead again, this time with Rick by my side, and tried to increase the pace as much as I could. As I walked, I couldn’t refrain from wriggling and squirming, and I was terrified that I might have an accident any second, humiliating myself in front of everyone.

As we reached the stile which we needed to climb over, my bladder squeezed against itself severely, and I found myself doubled over, my entire hand shoved between my legs now. I’m going to wet myself, I thought desperately, I can’t hold it. But then seconds passed, and I hadn’t let a drop more out. As the others approached the stile, I took a deep breath and managed to regain control of myself, reluctantly removing my hand from between my legs lest anyone should see.

One by one, they climbed over the stile, until only Regan and I remained on this particular side.

“Cassie, please,” she said then, turning to me determinedly, “I know you need to pee. Just go somewhere, please. For me?”

I wanted to protest that I didn’t need to relieve myself at all, but I was unable to stand still, shifting my weight from one foot to the other repeatedly, and my hand was straying dangerously close to my crotch again, plucking at my trousers at the thigh. It was obvious that I badly needed to pee.

“Alright, I do need to use the toilet,” I told her in a low voice, “But it isn’t that bad. I can easily wait until we get to the campsite.”

And with that, I swung my leg over the stile and began to climb over. As I did, my bladder protested violently, and to my horror, I found myself beginning to pee. In desperation, I ground myself into the fence at the top of the stile and pressed as hard as I could, forcing the wood to apply pressure where I needed it most. I let out a soft moan as I finally managed to cut off the stream of urine, it was so painful. My legs were trembling with the effort of holding on, but somehow, I managed to prise myself away from the fence and down the other side.

I had to stop and hold myself again then, and as I did so, I felt my hand encounter wetness. I looked down, a sense of foreboding creeping over me, and realised there was a wet spot the size of a small plum at my crotch.

“Please, Cassie,” Regan was back at my side, and I immediately whipped my hand from between my legs, beginning to walk once more. My bladder throbbed and moaned violently, but I forced myself to concentrate on placing one foot in front of the other, my mouth a thin line of steely determination.

This field was entirely open- no trees at all- and it wasn’t until we had minced our way into the middle of it that I lost myself completely. The others were way ahead now: I had fallen behind so much. A massive rush of desperation consumed me, and I suddenly realised that I couldn’t take a single step further. I ground to a halt, bending forwards at the waist and pressing my hand between my legs, my feet scissoring up and down uncontrollably.

Suddenly, Regan was beside me- I had almost forgotten that she was there. She laid a gentle hand on my shoulder and put her lips close to my ear. “Just do it, sweetie,” she whispered, and then undid the fastening at the front of my rucksack and gently eased it from my back.

I shook my head frantically. I couldn’t just relieve myself here: not in an open field, not in front of Regan.

My urine was trying to break free with each sharp, shallow breath I took, my bladder throbbing relentlessly. Then, suddenly, a huge rush of urine stubbornly forced its way to the very edge of my labia, causing the pressure to increase to more than I could take.

Then my body seemed to overtake my rationality, and I felt my right hand moving to the top of my trousers. I didn’t dare remove my left hand from its position between my legs, so I began- my hands sweaty and shaking- to undo my belt with just my right. Due, probably, to my trembling hands, this seemed to take a ridiculous amount of time, and I was nearing tears as I worried I would never get my belt undone. But then, miraculously, the buckle had been unlocked, and my button was the only barrier before relief. I had to pause then, and shove both hands hard against myself, jumping frantically from one foot to the other. Just hold on, I begged my body silently; just hold on for a few more seconds.

Taking one deep steadying breath, I quickly let go with both hands, undid my button and zip, and pulled my trousers and knickers down. I had barely pulled them to the middle of my thighs when my bladder finally gave up on me, and I began urinating uncontrollably. I managed to spray a considerable amount into my knickers before I could wriggle them out of the way and get into a squat. Then I could do nothing more than remain crouched, my legs trembling as incredible relief drew over me, and soak the dry ground with my pee. After what felt like minutes, but must have been less than thirty seconds, I remembered- completely mortified- that Regan was still standing beside me. My cheeks on fire, I quickly covered myself with my soaked knickers and damp trousers. I glanced down at them and found, to my horror that there was a melon-sized wet patch at my crotch and streaks of urine down one leg all the way to my ankle, and that both my boots were soaked.

I was completely humiliated. Not able to look at Regan, I managed to mumble: "I- I’m sorry. That’s never- I mean, I couldn’t-”But not entirely sure what I intended to say to her anyway- what did one say in that situation?- I didn’t complete the sentence. I had just completely exposed everything to Regan, and had managed to soak myself in the process. I had never felt so utterly mortified in my life, and stared miserably at the ground, my arms instinctively folding across my chest as though for protection.

“Hey,” Regan said softly, lifting my chin with her hand and forcing me to look into her crystal blue eyes, “It’s okay. All better now, right?”

I nodded slowly- I did feel better. “But- but you must have seen-” I felt my face flush scarlet, “Did you look-?”

“As if I would,” Regan said, but her eyes sparkled mischievously as she did so, and she grabbed my rucksack from the floor and placed it back on my shoulders. “Now let’s catch up with the others.”

I shook my head in confusion, too stunned to even ponder her words as I found myself involuntarily pulled forwards.

“Regan, wait,” I said, grinding my heels into the ground, “I- I don’t want them to see...” My voice trailed off stupidly, and I used my left hand to indicate my wet trousers.

“Well that’s easily remedied!” Regan said with a flash of her dazzling smile, and she pulled her water bottle from her bag and- pointing it at me- squeezed it several times.

I looked incredulously down at the damp patches she had created all over my attire. “Seriously?”

“Yup!” she handed me the water bottle, “Now your turn to wet me.”

Smiling slightly as I cottoned on to what she was doing, I gently squeezed the water bottle until Regan’s shirt and shorts were sufficiently damp.

“There,” she said happily as I handed the bottle back, “We had a water fight and nobody need ever know otherwise.”

I looked at her gratefully. “Thank you,” I said sincerely, and she smiled and reached for my hand.

“You’re most welcome, sweetie,” she said, and it was like that- hand in hand- that we continued to walk.

*002*2011-12-29 22:14

{{: 

I really enjoyed reading that. I hope to see more of your work on the boards. Your writing is very good and I like how it was in first person instead of the usual third/second person.

}}

Thanks for your feedback, I really appreciate it! ^-^ You'll definitely be seeing more of my work up here on due course. There's a couple more parts to this particular story sitting on my computer actually... I may put them up, I haven't quite decided yet.

*004*2011-12-30 00:57

{{: 

Lovely story indeed! Very detailed, and I absolutely loved the "background info" of the character at the beginning of the story... in most cases it's nice to have a little background info (about childhood/friendships/memories), so that you can really imagine the character, not only physically but also psychologically. Great! And if you have more, can't wait!

}}

Thanks for your comments! I'm glad you enjoyed the characterisation at the beginning- creating in-depth characters is sort of my thing, so I'm glad you didn't find it irrelevent ^-^

