Desperate Friendships - Page 3

Author: 222foxface222

*051*2012-05-10 05:14

{{:

Woo, I got a shout out, yyeeaaahhhh! *rocks out* lmao, now just imagine me saying that in a rock-concert-dude type of voice, like I am, and it will be funnier. Couldn't help myself- had to share that random bit o' wierdness that popped into my head when I read the first bit of your update.

OH EM EFF GEE. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. And while I was hoping in a very deep part of my brain that this would turn into a sexy sex chapter, I am glad that you went with the more realistic approach. Curious to see when/if the boys find out about Snape's fetish, though, and if/when they use it to torture him! And if/when they develop a *ahem* more "hands on" relationship with their professor! heheheh.

Okay, so... Snape was PERFECTION. Completely in character the entire chapter. Loved the bit about him coming across other students who imitated him! Such a great little detail that adds a fantastic bit of depth to the story and to his character, and a great way to put funny scenarios in your readers heads. I loved how he taunted them and got them turned on just by touching them ever so slightly! Everything he said to them was so great, and I loved Harry's reaction to Snape.

I kind of like Harry's unpredictable temper, and I think you captured it perfectly here. I was a bit surprised by the idea of Harry wanting to spit in his face, mostly because that to me is one of the most disgusting and disrespectful things someone can do to another person, but I think it fits well enough with his character- taking extreme measures when he's angry. I was also a bit surprised that he stopped seducing them and started reprimanding them, but like I said before, I think that's more realistic, and I'm glad you took that direction with him.

The way the chapter is written is really well done, also. Seeing as how it's now through Snape's perspective, I kind of liked how he focused on one boy at a time and noticed the changes in their body language while he was taunting them. The way he refers to them as Draco (personal first name) and Potter (detached last name) was so great, too. Loved the little detail about Draco's ashamed posture in the corner, and Harry's angry one; and the detail about Harry glancing over his shoulder as he walked to the corner; and the joke about Harry being raised in such a classless household! That one made me laugh out loud. So fantastic.

The wetting was great, too, as was his getting off to it as soon as the two boys were gone!

So great! Keep updating, please! Love the story- definitely on my top ten list.

}}

Wow, what a great comment! Thanks for always taking the time to give me such great, in-depth feedback! You always make me smile ("rock-concert-dude type of voice"--haha!) and I'm glad you liked the characterization of Snape in this chapter. I did think about making it more physical between the three of them, but I figure there's still time for that, and in order to keep Snape in character I figured he may not be all over them right away. There's some good possibilities for Harry and Draco to use the situation for their advantage, though at a later point!

I see what you mean about Harry being so angry he feels the need to spit in Snape's face, and you might be right that it's a bit too extreme for the situation. In my mind he's extremely angry since Snape has just mentioned his dead father, but you're right that it would probably take a lot for Harry to think that. Thanks for pointing it out--it keeps me on my toes and keeps me from getting lazy in writing/editing the chapters! Let me know what you think of the next chapter--different from the last two, but hope you like it!

{{:

Well, what more can I say then what Ryoku-the-Fox just said? I agree with everything she said!

I could be the lazy one now and just press 'post' now, but that wouldn't be cool, since your story is just great. I really love your word choice. It fascinates me to no end.

This one for example:

It's just brilliant! This kind of sentences are the ones I want to read a million times! Love it, I really do.

Hopefully you will update soon again, but I understand that life is busy for you. I, myself, am mostly too busy to write as well. So I don't mind waiting a bit longer either. After all, it's totally worth it!

}}

Thanks, Wolf! These comments are so great, and honestly I'm just happy to know there are a couple people enjoying what I'm writing. I'm lucky those who like reading are also really generous and great in their comments. I'm really glad you like the word choice in the story and you can connect to it--it's always great to hear!

The next chapter was already written, so I just edited a bit and will post in a minute or two :) And I hope you will write when you get a chance--I'd love to read the HP fanfic you mentioned you were hoping to write soon!

*052*2012-05-10 05:33

Here's the next chapter. No omo in this one, it's really just meant to move the plot along a bit. Kind of just a sweet chapter (hopefully not too mushy) that I think the story needs after being sort of heavy-handed on the sexual stuff for the past two. We'll get back to the omo soon, though, I promise!

Chapter 9

Snape saw the boys off, escorting them to Hogsmede and then ensuring they arrived at the proper place through the Floo system. Harry hated the fact that Snape could appear at Grimmauld Place at any time. As a member of the Order, he knew the way to find the house despite its hidden location. Snape had assured them he would be checking up on them, and remarked that he expected their class work to be completed within a timely manner. It was a relief when the man finally left Harry and Draco alone.

“You can sleep in here,” Harry said, throwing open the door to the bedroom closest to his own.

In truth, he wanted to invite Draco to share his own bed, but he did not want to be too forward. He felt a bit awkward being alone in Sirius’ house with Draco Malfoy. Everything had moved so quickly. Besides, Draco had been very quiet since Snape had caught them in their little role play earlier that day. He had even snapped at him while they were gathering their things to leave, sounding too much like the old bully Draco. Harry wanted to ask him if something was wrong, if perhaps he had done something to make Draco angry, but didn’t know how to broach the subject.

“Thanks.”

Draco threw his suitcase in a corner and began surveying the room. He found it dark and small, but strangely homey. Then again, it may have just been the feeling he got when Harry stood close to him. Luckily, Grimmauld place seemed like it would be a perfect hideaway for the summer. It was far away from anything he was associated with, and having an entire house to roam around for the summer made him feel suddenly grown up. And yet, as much as he looked forward to days spent with only Harry for company, he had never slept anywhere besides Malfoy Manor, Hogwarts, or Snape’s Manor, and he was feeling strangely vulnerable, uncomfortable in his surroundings. The thought of staying in a new place had been worrying him all afternoon.

“I’m exhausted,” Harry yawned from the doorway of Draco’s new bedroom. “I think I’m going to head to bed.” Harry longed to include, “Why don’t you come and we can make out?” but he thought better of it.

Draco nodded, wondering whether Harry was making a proposition or not. If he was, Draco felt too tired to act on it just now. He felt completely drained after the stress of the past day and a half, as if his body was just now feeling like it could break down. He felt sick to his stomach whenever he remembered what Snape had seen, both in that insane detention and that afternoon when he had been foolish enough to let his guard down and give in to his desires for Harry.

He sighed, taking a seat on the bed.

“There’s extra blankets in the closet there,” Harry said, gesturing. “In case you get cold.”

Draco nodded again. He was not used to other accommodating him,, and now both Snape and Harry had gone out of their way to make his life easier. He felt somehow helpless and exposed. How was it that he found himself a house guest of his former enemy? One day ago he had been taunting Harry in potions class, complaining that he took up too much space on the planet, and now he was sitting in his house, contemplating whether Harry had just implied that they go to the master bedroom to screw.

“See you in the morning, then,” Harry said, still standing in the doorway. “Let me know if you need anything.”

“Maybe I shouldn’t stay,” Draco said as Harry turned to leave. He got up off the bed, taking a step towards his host.

Harry stared at Draco blankly. “What do you mean?”

“I think I should just go back to Hogwarts and spend the holiday with Snape.”

Harry sighed and walked into the bedroom. Draco felt a tinge of anger; Harry was looking at him as if he were a misbehaving child who needed to be punished.

“Dray, is this about your father?” Harry asked. “Because we already went through--”

“It’s not about my father. I just don’t think this is a good idea anymore.” Draco retrieved his suitcase from the corner of the room and walked towards the doorway, where Harry stood.

“Get out of my way, Potter,” Draco sneered.

Harry was confused, watching Draco’s expression change to frustration and anger. He looked the way he did whenever he, Crabbe, and Goyle had met Harry and Ron in the hallways unexpectedly. Harry had always wondered how one boy could hate that much.

“Dray, hold on a second,” Harry began, but Draco was having none of it.

“Spare me your courtesy, Potter,” he said, shoving his way out into the hallway. “I’m not your fucking charity case.”

Harry took a step back, allowing Draco to leave. The way Draco glared at him made him question whether anything had actually happened between them or not. This was the moment Harry had been dreading; the moment Draco revealed that he had been playing along the entire time, the moment when he mapped out his master plan for humiliating ‘The Boy Who Lived’ and leaving him powerless with embarrassment.

He watched as Draco dragged his suitcase down the hallway. Maybe he had been wrong; maybe Draco would never change, no matter how much Harry wanted him to. But hadn’t they connected the night before, hadn’t Harry seen Draco’s true self?

“Wait.” Harry ordered.

Draco did not stop.

“Tell me what is wrong,” Harry called.

Swearing, Draco turned around towards Harry.

“I told you to fuck off,” he spat before turning to head down the stairs.

“Dray,” Harry called, “It’s going to be alright.”

Draco stopped with his back to Harry. He stood still halfway down the staircase, shoulders slumped and head hung low.

“He’s not going to find you,” Harry said. “I’ll take care of you.”

There it was again, the homey feeling inside Draco that made him believe everything Potter was saying to him.

“Can we at least talk about this?,” Harry asked, gently. He had to trust his gut, and his gut told him that there was more going on in Draco’s mind than the anger he was displaying. He could see through Draco’s anger now, could see through to the scared, helpless boy inside.

After a moment, Draco let his suitcase rest on the stairs and turned to walk back towards Harry.

“Fine,” he said. “We’ll talk.” His voice was softened, yet the glare remained, as if he didn’t want to get caught with his guard down.

Now that Draco stood in front of him staring, Harry was not sure what to say. He had meant to comfort Draco or scream at him for treating him badly after being invited to his home, but found himself confessing his own fears instead.

“I’m scared you’re really just tricking me so you can destroy me,” Harry said in one breath. He wanted to feel the comfort of looking into the smaller boy’s eyes, but Draco was staring at the floorboards.

“I’m not tricking you,” Draco said. He rubbed one eye with his fist, nervous energy taking over. “I’m scared of the secrets I told you.”

“I’m scared of the ones I told you,” Harry said with a snort.

The boys stood in silence, Draco pulling at the hem of his blue t-shirt.

“I’m scared of falling in love with you,” Draco said at last, quietly.

Harry lifted Draco’s chin and forced him to stare into his eyes. He leaned in and kissed him gently, placing all the truth he possessed into his lips.

“Me too,” he said. He pulled Draco close until he felt his stomach against his own, his thighs against Draco’s, his heartbeat through his chest. He leaned down and kissed the boy hard on the mouth, lips parted in order to taste him as much as he could.

“Harry?” Draco said, gently pushing himself away from Harry’s embrace.

“Yes?”

“Will you be mad if I pee the bed?” he asked, biting his bottom lip.

Harry nearly came in his pants. Draco looked adorably innocent as he questioned what would happen if he had an accident, his eyes wide with fear and embarrassment. Harry should have known that this was what had started Draco’s doubt; he had shown him his bed and his mind immediately went to wetting it.

“It’s common for little boys to pee the bed,” Harry said, stroking Draco’s cheek, “An accident once in awhile is only to be expected.”

Draco shivered; he had never been talked down to by anyone except his father, and it had always been condescending. Harry made it seem as if it were alright to have such a babyish habit, as if it were something to be proud of, even.

Harry led Draco into the master bedroom, and they lay down on the bed. It was only a full size, as Sirius had never liked sleeping in a big bed alone, but they both fit comfortably. It gave them an excuse to squeeze each other tighter, not wanting to fall out of bed. Harry rubbed Draco’s back to soothe the boy.

“I’ve never slept at someone else’s house before,” Draco admitted, speaking just above a whisper.

“Are you scared?” Harry asked, stroking Draco’s hair when the blonde rested his cheek against Harry’s chest.

Draco shook his head. “No,” he whispered. Harry wasn’t convinced.

“Are you sure?”

Draco raised his chin to glance at Harry, his eyes concerned.

“No,” he whispered.

Harry pulled the boy closer to himself and wrapped his arms fully around him. He had never taken care of someone in this way before, had never been in a situation where someone truly needed him for himself, not just as a maid or cook or for target practice.

“There’s nothing to be afraid of,” he said, tracing his fingers along Draco’s jaw line and over his lips. “Nothing’s gonna hurt you.”

“Can I sleep with you?” Draco asked, as timid as a child.

Harry kissed him on the forehead, nodding.

“Sure,” he said. “Now, close your eyes. I’ve got you.”

He lifted the blankets up over Draco and helped him out of his jeans so he was more comfortable, dressed in his t-shirt and briefs. Harry followed suit, snuggling next to him beneath the sheets and comforter. Draco ducked his head under the blankets to lay his cheek against Harry, listening to the soothing rhythm of his heartbeat as Harry’s chest rose and fell.

“Harry?” Draco whispered as he struggled to keep his eyes open.

Harry moaned, barely awake.

“What is it, Dray?” he managed.

“You think Snape's jacking off right now thinking about watching me pee myself?”

Harry scoffed, smiling crookedly.

"You wish. If anything, he's been hard all day just thinking about my perfect impersonation of him."

Draco laughed through his nose, wrapping his arm around Harry's waist.

"I guess he is a bit of a narcissist," the blonde said.

Harry carded his fingers through Draco’s hair, nodding absentmindedly as they both drifted into a comfortable sleep, reassured by the warm body pressed against them and the possibilities of a summer holiday free from fathers, uncles, and cousins.

###

*057*2012-05-11 16:09

{{:

Yes! Another fantastic chapter! I actually squealed and jumped up and down when I noticed you had updated. I almost did a fist pump, too, but I figured that would be a little over the top. lmao

I kind of wanted to know how their journey to Grimmauld Place with Snape was, seeing as how they had just gotten each other off to a roleplay starring him, and Snape had just secretly wet himself with them in the room... seems like an awkward situation! heheh. But like I've been saying, I think it's for the better that you left that bit out because it keeps the story moving without the nit-picky details that I myself am an offender of.

Now, I have to get into this because the next aspect of your chapter that I am about to sing praises for is something I think is pretty much the most important thing in any story: REALISTIC PSYCHOLOGY. I HATE when a writer has no sense of how a character thinks, acts, and reacts in a psychologically realistic way, and I have to say, Draco closing up and almost leaving because of his fears of wetting the bed was SO psychologically realistic that I wish I could tackle-hug you right now. lmao, it didn't even occur to me while I was reading that he would be afraid of Harry being disgusted by him, disappointed in him, or angry with him for wetting the bed.

When I read that THAT was his reason for wanting to leave, it just made me love this story all the more! And Harry being turned in by that is always a nice omo touch. Loved their confessions to each other, by the way. With the way they've been interacting, they haven't really shown their insecurities when it comes to their new relationship to each other, and them admitting those things to each other is one obstacle out of the way for them (though I can't name any other obstacles you may have for them).

You've got such a great balance between the serious and the humor, as well, which is the second most important thing in a great story! Every story needs seriousness, or it's just one big joke that people lose interest in eventually, and it needs humor as well or it becomes too depressing to continue reading. It adds an unexpected little bit of delight to the chapter for every reader (because who didn't laugh out loud at Draco and Harry arguing over who got Snape off? lol!)

So excited to see if the boys wake up wet or not, and I do hope you include Snape in the next chapter. Last time we saw him in detail, he was having a screaming orgasm! Must know what he does next!

}}

Ryoku, I wish I could "tackle-hug" you for the wonderful reviews you write! Its really great to know that you notice details like the charcter psychology and the humor because that makes me think I'm getting across what I want to while I'm writing. The insecurities they feel towards each other haven't gone away just yet, as you'll see in the next chapters, but I wanted to show that they were at least starting to trust each other so they could live together without being too concerned. Snape will reappear soon, and some other characters will show up as well in the near future. Thanks so much for reading, reviewing, and just generally building my spirits with your great compliments and feedback! :D {{

I am glad you added a chapter without omorashi, because most stories just have too much of it most of the time. It wouldn't be even normal if they pissed themselves in every single chapter. You know, I was just thinking. It would be great if they would use the bathroom together and one of them can't start because of the other's presence. Of course you don't have to add it, I was just thinking about it since they share a home now. Also, maybe you should one of them keep the bathroom occupied for a while and then have the other one squirming around because he has to pee. Would be only better if Snape then came by at that exact moment... Damn, maybe I should start writing my own fanfiction again indeed, lol! I have so many ideas, just not the time to get started. But I will, as soon as I am done with all this school stuff, promise!

Anyway, back to your story. I also like the balance between the serious and the humor, like Ryoku-the-Fox already said. The part where they are arguing over who got Snape off is brilliant and really made me laugh. Which I also found interesting is the way Harry is treating Draco. A bit like a child, but not too much. I hope it keeps this way, because I am not that much into the babying thing. But the way it is now makes it actually really cute. It makes Draco look vulnerable, which fits with his character really well. Harry is (also in the books) much stronger then Draco - at least, when we look at how they really are from the inside. So yea, it fits.

Hopefully Snape will soon show up again, because I am also really curious about what he is going to do now and how he will develop during the story. The man has many sides... Well anyway, can't wait till the next update!

}}

Wolf, bless you for always giving me some great ideas! I may just have to add a new chapter now that you've got me thinking about some of these scenarios! I'm glad you're okay that the chapter didn't involve wetting--I'm with you in that I think it can get pretty unrealistic if the characters keep wetting themselves 24/7. There will be more soon, though!

I'm glad you like the way Harry has been treating Draco. Vulnerable Draco is something I love (if you hadn't already guessed ;)) so I really like playing around with how Harry reacts to it or puts him in that situation. I tend to think if you didn't get enough love in childhood it either makes you crave attention, or makes you desperate to give attention to someone else. I guess in this story, you can see both sides of that with Draco and Harry. In the current version of the story, there's not really any babying going on between Harry and Draco, but they definitely continue on in the direction of Harry as caretaker, so hopefully that something you'll continue to like. I've always thought Harry was much stronger than Draco, too!

Snape will come back soon. It's funny because when I first wrote this story, I didn't focus too much on him, but it seems like you and the other reviewers are obviously Snape fans, so I'm starting to enjoy writing him in where I can. Anyway, thanks so much for reviewing! :D

{{:

Hurray!!! I got two new chapters while I was away from the internets!!! Holy mother of all things epic!!! I don't even know where to begin here...A) Your Snape was SO PERFECT I couldn't even begin to tell you! It was like the books, but BETTER! Also, you made me fangirl ^_^" A lot. B ) The boys are SO CUTE!!!! Especially Draco, I'm such a sucker for submissive Draco...He's rather adorable, actually. I was so scared he was going mean there for a second, but it ended so cute that I went "Awwww!!!" out loud....and made my cat mad at me. Again. *sigh* Actually I believe he's come to associate me being on the computer with me being loud and ridiculous...which is mostly true xD Thanks for the spectacular updates!!! I can't wait for more! :D

}}

Thanks so much, Sunny! I'm glad you liked Snape--I think he's one of the more difficult characters to write so I'm always glad to know when it works, because he's also a ton of fun to write! I'm so so glad you're on board with the whole submissive-Draco thing. Basically anything I write involving Draco is submissive-Draco. I just think it works really well with his characterization, since it makes him much more sympathetic. You'll have to apologize to your cat for me, but tell him/her to be ready since I plan to update sometime tonight

{{:

I've got a video to share with whomever is reading this...

Tom Felton reacts to Drarry! muwahahaha

For your viewing pleasure:

[media=]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxOjeiNVEd0

[/media]

Sorry for the subtitles, but this clip wasn't on Conan O'Brien's website, and I didn't feel like looking for a different video, to be perfectly honest. lol I can only imagine how he would react to what you've got going on here, foxface.

Since I'm leaving this comment anyway, I'll make it actually useful and talk abut the story, even though I already done so in depth! Wolf said something in a comment prior about liking the fact that there's not wetting in every chapter, and even though this IS an omo website, I have to agree. I think it's so excessive for a character to pee themselves with EVERY update, and since I look at multichapter stories like this more in the sense of "fanfiction" than "omorashi fiction," I really like that there was just a sweet moment between the two boys sorting out their relationship in this update. I also have a question that didn't really occur to me when I read your first post; you said something about Snape taking care of a de-aged Harry and Draco? What does that mean exactly? Like, something happens to them and they become kids again? Maybe it's just the fatigue talking, but that's what I get in my head when I read that.

I also have to say that I think it's insane that only Wolf, Sunny, and I are consistent reviewers. I really hope that a lack of comments doesn't get to you or psych you out or anything, and I'll happily leave multiple obnoxiously long comments like this by myself if it will keep you going! I can't imagine why there has been such a drop in comments, and I almost take ridiculous and irrational offense to that fact since I love this story so much and would defend its quality to any critic! My only explanation is that your writing is so good that it intimidates your readers, but like I said, that hypothesis is most likely a result of staying up too late and waking up too early.

Anyway, I'm really tired right now. I feel like there was something else I wanted to say, but it's gone now and most certainly not coming back. G'night for now, and of course I look forward to an update!

}}

Ryoku, your comments (and those by Wolf and Sunny, of course!) never fail to make me smile! Also, I probably woke up my roommates while I was watching that video because I was laughing so hard. Hilarious. You of course didn't need to add more to your review, but thanks for doing so!

This story is insanely long, and I kind of have it in two parts on my computer. But the sections are so drastically different that if I post Part 2, I'll more than likely post it under a different title as a seperate story. Yes, when I first wrote it, part 2 is basically Snape taking care of Harry and Draco for a time where they're basically kids again in order to give them a childhood they never had the first time around. It was a way for me to get Snape and the boys closer, and to put Snape in what I think is the ridiculously funny situation of caring for children. I might post it or I might just continue on with the direction the story is already going (there's still way more chapters already written before I would even get to Part 2, anyway). So, a long answer to your question--the short answer is yes.

Sometimes I do wonder why the comments dropped so drastically, but I'm really lucky to have three great reviewers, and I know some of the male/male stuff may have turned away some readers. I hope if there are other people reading they leave a comment every once in a while, but I'm really spoiled by the reviewers I have, so I try not to let the drop in comments affect me!!

Anyway, I feel Iike I've written a novel as a response to all these reviews, but you guys take so much time to write them I feel like I should take enough time to respond thoughtfully to them! I'm planning to post the next chapter before the end of the day--Thanks for reading, everyone!

*058*2012-05-11 19:44

I'm off of work today, so I had time to update! Harry and Draco are still working out some kinks in their friendship, and this time it's Harry's turn to be desperate. This chapter is really long, but I figured the first little section was too short to post as a chapter on its own. I had a feeling you guys wouldn't mind! I know some of you are waiting for Snape to reappear, and he will in Chapter 11, so don't worry! :)

Chapter 10

“Wake up, Dray,” Harry mumbled the next morning.

Draco groaned, pulling a pillow over his head to keep the light from the window out. He was used to sleeping in the dungeons, where windows were few and far between.

“Dray,” Harry said again. He bent down to burrow under the pillow with Draco, kissing him on the lips.

“Mmmm,” Draco mumbled, before rolling over and going back to sleep.

Harry laughed. Draco slept like the dead; no wonder he pissed himself. He reached forward and began gently tickling Draco’s side. The boy jerked awake and nearly fell out of bed.

“Harry, I’m trying to sleep,” he mumbled, although Harry knew he wasn’t mad.

Draco opened his eyes at last and stretched his arms up above his head. He rubbed his eyes, trying to see clearly. Harry watched as an expression of realization and dread set into the boy’s face. He moved his arms slowly back to his side, and stared down at the mattress.

“Fuck,” Draco said, “Did I…?”

Harry followed Draco’s gaze to the wet sheets and both boys’ wet legs.

“I’m so sorry, Harry,” Draco said, sitting up, cheeks red with shame. His voice was strained, as if he might cry.

Harry placed a hand on Draco’s shoulder, leaning down to kiss the boy on the cheek.

“No. It wasn’t you, Dray,” He said, nearly laughing.

He was strangely pleased with himself. He winked and took Draco’s hand in his own, leading it down under the sheets until it rested on Harry’s soaking wet briefs, now cool to the touch. Harry laughed at the picture of innocence Draco made reaching a hand down to his own underwear, just to make sure he hadn’t been the one to pee the bed.

“You didn’t wet the bed,” Harry said, trying not to laugh at Draco’s confused expression. “I was too lazy to get out of bed this morning.”

Harry failed to mention that he had pressed close to Draco’s side before he pissed the bed, enjoying the warmth of another body next to him as he released the liquid he had been holding since the night before. He also failed to mention just how quickly he had come as he jacked off in the puddle.

Draco smiled and kissed Harry on the lips.

“Then that would explain why I’m so fucking desperate to pee right now,” he said, squeezing his legs together. The embarrassment was gone, replaced only with a sense of relief that, for once, he had made it through the night without wetting himself.

“Harry?” Draco asked, running his hand over the wetness beneath him. “Is there a rubber sheet on this bed?”

Harry couldn’t help but look a bit abashed. Despite his deliberate wettings, the plastic sheet still shamed him. Because, more than anything, it made him think of Sirius. When he had stayed with the man, Harry was careful not to pee in bed, wanting nothing more than to make the man proud of him. But his body had other ideas, and it seemed the time spent with Sirius coincided with the worst of his nightmares. Nightmares that woke the whole household when they set him off screaming, nightmares that left him scared to fall asleep for fear that he would be reminded of the horrible events he had witnessed, and nightmares that caused him to wet his bed.

“Sirius got it for me,” Harry said, his mood suddenly somber. “I was having these nightmares.”

Draco took Harry’s hand in his own and scooted closer to him.

“Do you still have them?” he asked.

Harry nodded.

“Sometimes,” he said. “Back then they were really bad, though. And I tried to hide it, but Sirius found the, um...the wet sheets. He asked me about it, and everything.”

He remembered the conversation with more than a little embarrassment. Sirius was the closest thing he had had to a father, and less than a week into living with him, he had gone and wet himself like a little boy. The man had been gentle, waiting for Harry to build up the courage to admit why his bed was unmade and his sheets stripped from the wet mattress. He had ensured Harry it was nothing to be ashamed of, but Harry hadn’t been so sure. He still hated that Sirius had seen him like that.

“I didn’t want anyone to know,” Harry explained. “So he, uh, got me a rubber sheet.”

“Do you miss him?” Draco asked.

There was a silence as Harry stared past Draco and out the window. Draco discretely reached down to squeeze his crotch; he didn’t want to leak on Harry’s bed.

“You better go before you tinkle your pants,” Harry said with a breath, avoiding the question by teasing Draco with something he had once heard Mrs. Weasley say.

Draco rolled his eyes at the teasing, and decided to play along. Obviously, Harry was not in the mood to talk about Sirus. Instead of getting out of his own side of the bed, Draco climbed up and over Harry, straddling him as he climbed towards the bathroom, which was on the far side of the bedroom, closest to Harry..

“Just go, you little fucker,” Harry laughed, spanking Draco lightly as the boy climbed over him.

Draco gasped, and had to squeeze his crotch.

“Stop that, Potter,” he sneered. Harry was taken aback at Draco’s tone until the blonde winked at him. “You’re going to make me wet,” he whispered.

He hurried towards the bathroom with his hand between his legs, leaving Harry to begin stripping the sheets off of what had once been Sirius’ bed, consciously thinking about anything except his dead godfather.

###

Harry and Draco spent their first few days at Grimmauld Place in quiet peacefulness, revelling in the freedom of schedule-free days and enjoying the warm weather. Most mornings Harry cooked them breakfast because Draco was useless in the kitchen; he could not be trusted with the stove or even the microwave without Harry fearing he would burn the whole place down.

Some days, after lunch, they would dress in muggle clothes and go to the movies or a football game, making fun of those around them and the fact that the sports players were forced to stay on the ground. But most of the time they would simply apparate to a large field Draco knew of, and they would practice Quidditch strategies until they were barely able to drag themselves home, often too exhausted to make themselves dinner. Harry had never found someone as obsessed with the game as he himself had become until he found himself arguing with Draco for upwards of two hours over the pros and cons of broom regulations or the benefits and detriments of practice scrimmages.

Draco had taken to sleeping in the master bedroom with Harry. Almost every night, one or both of them would pee in the bed. Draco still got embarrassed when it was him, and Harry had taken to admitting to the wet sheets even when he knew he had not peed, just to keep Draco from becoming upset. Harry knew when the bad moments were coming, moments when Draco was so ashamed of his bedwetting that he would yell and scream and throw things at Harry. Harry would just wrap his arms around Draco and tell him everything would be alright until the smaller boy broke down and cried out his frustration and shame. On the bad days, Draco would spend entire afternoons sulking in one of the spare bedrooms, and would not let Harry in to comfort him.

Harry was pleased that Draco was in good spirits that day as they walked home from the movie cinema, hand in hand. It had been almost a week since Draco had moved in, and it had been a week, for the most part, of high spirits and the continued comfort of each other’s company. The movie they had seen was some horrible black and white monster film that muggles seemed so enraptured by, where giant ogres attacked some small suburban town. They tried not to disturb the others, but it was a good thing they were nearly the only ones in the theatre, as Harry’s commentary about what it would be like were Hagrid to attack a suburban town had Draco snorting in laughter.

Harry plucked at his crotch with his free hand as they neared their street.

“Something wrong?” Draco asked, an eyebrow raised.

“Gotta pee,” Harry said, smirking.

Regardless of his shame over wetting the bed, Draco had seemed to get used to Harry’s pension for holding his pee as long as possible. And while Draco seemed to use the loo as soon as he felt the need, he hadn’t questioned Harry’s long sessions of holding his pee, although he did stare when Harry danced around or when he had to hold himself to keep from peeing his pants.

Harry found the freedom to hold his pee whenever he wanted a great benefit of staying at Grimmauld Place. At Hogwarts, he had rarely put himself in the position during the day, not wanting to risk a wetting that would be seen by the others, but now that it was just him and Draco, he had been wishing for just that. He hadn’t wet himself yet except in bed, always running at the last minute to the loo and never having more than a slight damp spot in his underwear. But he had been holding his pee all morning, and he hoped Draco wouldn’t react negatively if he could build up the courage to let himself soak his jeans.

“Is it bad yet?” Draco asked.

Harry nodded. “Been holding it for ages,” he said.

Draco began to walk faster, pulling Harry along, who was having trouble keeping his hands off the front of his jeans. He was starting to feel like he needed to hold himself constantly or risk peeing.

“We’re almost there,” Draco said. “I don’t know why you always wait so long.”

Harry wondered if Draco honestly hadn’t realized that holding his pee turned him on to no end. Had he not noticed just how often Harry was desperate to pee? Did the blonde really think he was just absent-minded when it came to using the loo?

“Not so fast,” Harry said, his voice strained as he came to a stop. He buried his hand between his legs, squeezing tight, and looked down red-faced when a boy about his own age passed by, staring.

“You’re embarrassing yourself,” Draco hissed, glancing around the street to check if anyone else had seen. Harry straightened up with an effort, removing his hand to make Draco happy. Apparently, Draco’s acceptance of desperation was restricted to the privacy of Grimmauld Place.

“We don’t know any of these people, Dray,” Harry said gently, not wanting to start a fight.

Draco sighed in frustration and roughly grabbed Harry’s hand once more.

“Let’s go before you do something you’ll regret,” he said, pulling him along.

Harry could tell Draco was upset with him, knew that he had put the other boy in a situation he found shameful. Harry suddenly felt ridiculous for wanting to pee in his pants, for letting himself get desperate enough to be half-dancing on the street just a block from his house. He wished he had used the loo at the movie theatre, and found himself staring at the ground, unable to stop himself from keeping one hand pressed between his legs as a boy smaller than he was dragged him down the street in disgust. He felt like a child, being reprimanded for disobeying some kind of unspoken rule. He could not help but whine as Draco pulled him quickly, making the need to pee almost unbearable.

Because they had to wait until the street was completely clear before spelling the house into view and entering, Draco stopped at the bottom of the stairway entrance to the house beside them. Harry nearly slammed into his back, not expecting the abrupt halt. There was a family walking down the street, and Draco glared at them as they passed. Harry turned towards the stairway and clutched himself hard, not wanting Draco to see just how desperate he was.

“Stop that,” Draco hissed, slapping Harry’s hands. “Someone will see.”

Harry forced himself to stand still with his hands by his side. He held his thighs together and could not help but squirm in place. It was getting bad, and Draco’s disapproval was only making him more nervous. He gasped when a small spurt escaped, eliciting an angry glare from Draco.

“Don’t you dare,” Draco said through clenched teeth.

Harry had not anticipated that he would feel quite so vulnerable. He thought Draco understood him, had accepted him for his strange upbringing as well as his strange quirks. After Draco had gone through with their Snape role-play, he believed they had both come to an understanding that this was something they both enjoyed, something that turned them both on. He was confused at Draco’s apparent change in opinion. Averting his eyes, he stuck his hands deep into his pockets where he could hold himself a bit less conspicuously.

“Move, you idiot muggles,” Draco said under his breath.

The smallest girl, walking with what appeared to be her father and mother, kept stopping to point to window boxes or stray cats or trees and having conversations with her parents about each, who seemed to be tourists of some kind as they took pictures of nearly everything she indicated. It meant the family were very slowly making their way down the street, much to the dismay of Draco, and especially Harry.

“Draco, I really have to go,” Harry confessed quietly. He feared he would start to wet himself if the family didn’t hurry up. He had already felt another trickle escape, and he knew he was not far from losing the struggle.

“Just hold it, Potter,” Draco ordered, aggravation clear in his voice. “You’re not a fucking toddler.”

Whimpering, Harry turned his back to Draco and bent slightly over at the waist. He was forced to remove his hands from his pockets and press them back down on top of his jeans, grabbing himself as hard as he could. He knew it was ridiculous to hold himself like this, but he didn’t know what Draco would do if he wet himself; the boy really seemed angry and he did not want to ruin their newfound friendship by embarrassing Draco in broad daylight.

The family were nearly off the street. Draco watched them intently, and flipped them off when the little girl turned to look at him and pointed him to her parents, wanting them to take a picture of him. That sent them off in a huff, and after a quick glance to make sure no one else was coming, Draco turned and cast the spell that would make Grimmauld Place appear. He waited impatiently, tapping his foot on the ground as it appeared between the adjoined houses.

Harry could barely breathe. It was coming out. Standing stock still as Draco waited behind him, he felt a long trickle of pee wet his briefs and show on his jeans before he was able to stop it. He tried hard to control his breathing, bending over almost in half as he grabbed himself so tightly it was starting to hurt. But, despite his squeezing, he could no longer hold on, and froze as the wetness began to stream out of him and soak down his legs. He was silently wetting himself, nearly crying from the effort of trying to stop it. If he could just stop maybe it wasn’t bad enough for Draco to tell. Maybe he would still be able to run inside and finish without completely disgracing himself. But even as he thought that, he felt the warmth of his pee through his fingers, trickling down slowly towards his crossed knees. Draco was going to kill him.

At last, the house was in view, and Draco put away his wand so as to be able to help Harry up the front steps and into the house.

“Alright, Potter, let’s go,” Draco said.

But when he turned to take Harry’s hand in his own, he saw the boy hunched over, both hands buried deep between his legs.

“Fuck, Harry. Get a grip and stop acting like an ingrate!”

He grabbed Harry by the shoulders, intending to drag him inside if he was forced to. He heard the boy moaning, and could not get him to move.

“You better not be wetting yourself,” Draco said in a fierce whisper, checking to make sure no one was watching them from the windows of the other houses. He grabbed Harry’s arm and yanked him around forcefully, angry and disgusted as he saw the wetness spreading throughout Harry’s crotch and down between his crossed legs.

“I can’t stop it,” Harry gasped, tears in his eyes from the sheer agony of the situation. He had meant for this to be fun and exciting, he had meant for it to get them both off. Instead, Draco was looking at him as if he were about to hex his ears off; he was anything but excited. Ashamed by both the tears that threatened to fall and the urine streaming into his pants, Harry reddened and stared at the ground. When he finally gained control of his bladder, he was wet down both legs past his knees, and Draco was looking at him in disgust, as if he had just seen Neville Longbottom completely naked.

Apparently too angry for words, Draco yanked Harry up the stairs and into the house, dragging him to the living room where he released him and surveyed his soaked clothing.

“You’re disgusting,” he sneered, backing away from him. “Anyone could have seen.”

“I-I’m sorry,” Harry mumbled, blinking back tears and still unsure how they had arrived in this situation. “I couldn’t help it.”

“Like Hell you couldn’t!” Draco shouted. Harry had rarely heard his voice raised, and he wasn’t sure whether to demand he leave his house or break down into tears.

“I thought you would like it,” Harry said at last, having gotten ahold of his emotions.

Draco stopped his pacing and looked Harry in the eye. When he spoke, his voice was quieter, yet the disdainful tone remained.

“There’s a difference between what is done in private and what anyone can see. That’s how rumors are started, Potter. That’s how you disgrace your...”

Draco trailed off, throwing his hands up in air and resuming his pacing.

“That’s how you disgrace your family name?” Harry finished.

They stared at each other, Harry having found his pride and an anger nearly matching Draco’s.

“You’re just like Snape,” Harry said. “You think I’ve been raised like an animal, that I don’t meet the Malfoy family values.”

“Fuck off, Potter,” Draco said, rolling his eyes and turning away to walk up the stairs.

“Screw you, Draco,” Harry said. “It’s not my fault you have too many fucking manners to have any fun at all, to admit that, as much as the great Lucius Malfoy would disapprove, you thought what happened outside was damn near the hottest thing you’ve ever seen.”

Draco approached Harry, looking as if he were about to throw a punch, but at the last second he shook his head in exasperation and turned to storm up the stairs.

“You’re a disgusting libertine,” he said. “You’re not even worth my time.”

Harry watched as Draco disappeared up the stairs, fuming in anger and with half a mind to run after Draco and attack him from behind. Lashing out, he knocked over an old ceramic lamp and enjoyed the power he felt as it shattered on the ground. When he went upstairs to change, Draco was in the guest room, the door closed, and, he knew without checking, locked. Harry showered and put his wet clothes in the wash before retreating back to the master bedroom, where he lay on the bed, sulking. Just as he was about to fall into a fitful sleep, he swore out loud, remembering that Snape was meant to come the next morning to check the progress they had made on their school work.

###

*062*2012-05-15 22:08

{{:

Well well, that was quite interesting I must say. First things first: it was extremely well written again. But this time you surprised me a lot as well. All the time I was thinking like 'Draco is roleplaying, right?' but in the end it seems he wasn't roleplaying at all. It's the contrast which I like. Harry enjoys wettings himself while Draco wants to prevent anything from that matter. Then when this switch came, where Harry wanted nothing more than to make it to the bathroom just to please Draco, it became only more brilliant. Your characters develop very well and I really like that. It makes your story really professional. I am curious how Harry and Draco will be brought together again and if Snape will have anything to do with it in the next chapter.

Then about your reply on my last comment. I am glad I am able to give you some ideas! Don't feel like you have to use these things, alright? It's your story, so you are free to write whatever you like. It's just my mind that always goes back to Snape, because I get really turned on by him... Which might be a bit odd, since he is really old, lol. Anyway, you also wrote that you --just like me-- think that Harry is the stronger one. In this chapter that gets back to me as well. Even though it seems like Harry is the weaker one this time, it's actually Draco, because he is way too worried about what others might think of him. Therefore he pushes away anything that could be fun. Harry on the other hand is simply like 'as long as I have fun, then other people don't matter'. That's the spirit of a strong person.

Alright, that's about it for this time. I really hope more people will give you some feedback on this story, because you deserve it. But don't feel upset if the comments are limited, because there are tons of people reading this; I'm sure of that. However, I can't wait till the next part and naturally I hope you will post that next part soon -- especially because Snape will be back! :)

}}

Thanks, Wolf :) I know the last chapter was a bit different in tone than the others, but I wanted to show that everything wasn't going to be perfect for the boys right off the bat. They still have some things to work out before they can learn to live with each other comfortably. I'm glad that, even though the chapter suprised you, you thought it was still in character for both boys. I always try to keep them as realistic as possible, and I do think Draco's tough side is just as important as his vulnerability.

Keep the ideas coming if you think of them. As I've said before, this story is already written, but I have written new chapters since I've started posting (most of the Snape stuff is new, because I know you and some of the other reviewers are Snape fans!) and it's always great to have some new ideas in case I come to some kind of road block writing-wise! Thank you for your kind words, and I hope you like the next chapter--Snape is back!

{{:

That chapter was AMAZING! It was so realistic! I thought Draco maybe role playing but I understand his distinction between public and private. It was so much fun to read it. As usual, can't wait for update. I'm sorry I haven't been commenting but I have been reading and look forward to each new chapter.

}}

Lemonhead--it's good to hear from you again! Don't worry that you haven't been commenting every time, I'm just glad to hear from readers every once in a while so I know there are still people out there who enjoy the story! I'm glad you liked this last chapter--it was a lot of fun to write since I've mainly been focusing on a more vulnerable Draco, and I'm glad it was fun for you to read as well! Thanks for reading/commenting! :D

{{:

Sorry for the delayed comment! I've been moving back home for the summer in the past few days (with a two day camping stop in between) and have been without internets! Gah! haha, but of course, I am back to review.

I LOVED angry Draco. I'm just glad to see him showing something other than dependence or vulnerability... Though I do think that those fit his character very well, because he definitely isn't as strong as Harry (as much as I hate to type that, because I just love Draco). It's tough for me to really explain, because I'd love to see a Draco that's a bit more bold and confident and cocky, but really, he's not those things to the extent that I would like, and I have to say, in the end I want a more realistic character than the vision in my head. Reading about an emotional Draco is a bit of a bummer, but I think you've got a realistic character, so I really can't complain about anything other than wishing that J.K. Rowling characterized him differently.

Harry being ashamed on his doorstep was fantastic, as was him finding his temper and yelling back at Draco. Such a great line when Draco tells him that there's a difference between public and private behavior- fits perfectly with his upbringing! I loved the bit about them arguing over Quidditch for hours, also.

I really liked the fight between them- maybe I'm a sadist, but I love when characters fight in a story. It's so much more realistic than being complete soul-mates and never getting annoyed about everything and being completely in love and entranced by everything their significant other does. That kind of romance is just (Twilight) sickening, and it's so ridiculous and annoying when everything goes completely smoothly. I like a bit o' angst with mah romance, so this fight was well-received in this corner. haha

I also cannot wait for Snape! I don't expect to see omo-taunting in the next chapter (I've been envisioning it at Hogwarts, talking to Snape at his desk after class is over and everyone is filing out- one of them comes up to his desk with a really complex question and dances in front of it, using it to "try to hide" the fact that they have to hold themselves occasionally, while he tries to concentrate enough to explain the answer and will his erection away! *drools*), but of course, if it's realistic, it's welcome! Update soon!

}}

Thanks, Ryoku! And I hope you had a fun time camping!

It's so funny that people have very specific ideas about how they best like to see characters in stories like these. I myself prefer a more vulnerable Draco (I just think it's beyond cute), but I totally understand where you're coming from when you say you want to see him as a stronger character. Hopefully there will continue to be enough of both sides of him throughout this story for you to still like reading about him :D

I think you're totally right about there needing to be conflict between characters to keep stories realistic and interesting. There's only so much happiness I can take before things start to become boring (hey, maybe I'm a sadist too!). Things will be alright between Harry and Draco for a while once they reconcile in the next chapter, but there's a chapter (which actually takes place at the Weasleys) where that's not exactly the case--I'm really looking forward to getting to that chapter, because I think you guys will really like it. It's been one of my favorites since the first time I wrote it a while ago!

And lastly, you're right that there won't be any taunting from the boys in the next chapter, but oh my god your description of how you imagine it was so insanely hot that I may just have to write in a situation just like that. I love when you guys give me new ideas, as I told Wolf! I can't always use them, but it keeps me thinking about the characters and new directions to take the story!

New update in just a few minutes--thanks for reading and commenting, everyone!

*063*2012-05-15 22:23

Sorry it's been a few days since I've last updated! I added a little Snape desperation into this one for those of you who are major Snape fans, and while the first half of this chapter kind of ended in a different place than I originally anticipated, I'm pretty happy with it, but I'm curious to know what you guys think. The second half of the chapter continues where the last one left off, with Snape arriving at Grimmauld Place to find two very disgruntled and moody boys. We're coming up on some of my favorite chapters in this story when I originally wrote it--can't wait for you all to read them. Hope you're all doing well :)

Chapter 11

Nearly a week had elapsed since Draco had moved in with Potter, and Snape had assured them he would be by before the week was out to monitor their schoolwork. He planned to pay them a visit early the next morning, and could barely keep his mind from wandering to thoughts about what exactly it was the boys had been up to in his absence. He envisioned day-long games of the sort he had walked in on their last day before the summer holiday began, role-plays in which he or other Professors were key figures. He wondered if Potter was always the disciplinarian in the scenarios, or if Malfoy enjoyed the dominance every so often as well.

Tossing his book to the side, he stood and retreated to the loo, consciously trying to rid his mind of thoughts of his students. While the images which swam through his mind excited him, he knew it was outside his bounds as their Professor to look upon them in that way. Then again, both boys were of age, and clearly anything but naive in regards to having a bit of fun. What was more, judging from the situation he had walked in on a week prior, It was clear Potter and Draco enjoyed their pee games as much as Snape had learned to, and were obviously well versed in the specifics. Draco was like a son to him, and yet Snape was unable to forget the way his voice had wavered as he begged Potter to let him pee, the way he looked up with tears in his eyes as he realized they had been caught.

Snape peed forcibly into the toilet, having held his pee for nearly the entirety of the day. He would never be attracted to his godson, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t appreciate the boy’s obvious pension towards desperation. Potter, on the other hand, stirred something different within him. After all, the boy did have his mother’s eyes...not to mention his godfather’s cheekiness.

He changed into a nightshirt and extinguished the lights in his bedroom. The dungeons were so quiet once the students had gone, and yet a part of him felt unsettled at the lack of commotion. He was used to his Slytherins wandering the hallways far past curfew, used to them sneaking to dark corners where they met others for a quick snog or more. Left to his own devices, without the preoccupation with his duties as Head of House, his mind wandered far too much for his liking. Snape enjoyed keeping busy, because he disliked the alternative; he could barely stand the internalized quietness that gave way to often painfully unresolved memories...

He had been fifteen, a scrawny, unwashed child watching out of the corner of his eye from his empty car on the Hogwarts Express as the other children bid pitifully tearful farewells to their overweight mothers and spectacled, balding fathers. He was unsurprised when his car remained empty even as the train left the station, the other students making idiotic fools of themselves as they hung out windows waving goodbye to their grandparents and younger brothers and their damn pet gerbils. Taking out his potions textbook, he slunk down into the seat and pulled the shades down over the interior windows of his train car. If he saw another pair of Hufflepuffs slobbering all over each other by means of reacquaintance he was going to hex the whole lot of them.

He had made his own way to the train station, arriving early so as to avoid the crowds. The only goodbye he had received was from his mother, who had left him a note scribbled on a small piece of paper: Be a good boy, Sev. xoxo Mum. A part of him longed for her to have woken early to make him breakfast and check to see that he had packed enough clean underwear into his school trunk, but his father kept her on a tight leash, and if his father wasn’t around, she was too depressed and out of sorts to be much use to anyone. Opening his fist, he took the crumpled note out of his hand and tucked it into the back pages of his Potions book.

The train was nearly halfway to Hogwarts when Severus began to feel the pressure in bladder. He had recently begun playing games with himself, holding his bladder until it was comfortably full, but this had not been planned, and he felt a cold dread as he realized just how badly he needed to go. He had forgotten to use the loo before getting on the train, and there was no way he was about to make the long trek to the opposite end of the train to find the toilet. There was only one, and it was almost always plagued with timid first-years who were about going in their pants as they waited their turn. Why hadn’t he found a toilet at the station before they had left? It was the kind of thing mothers were supposed to remind their sons to do, the kind of thing sons pretended to hate but were secretly grateful for. How could he have forgotten?

The sound of the door opening beside him pulled him from his thoughts. He sat up and yanked his wand from his pocket, having trouble when it caught on the robes he had already changed into. Getting it free at last, he looked up to find none other than Sirius Black in front of him, sliding the door closed behind his back as he tossed his long, curly hair out of his eyes. The boy flung himself into a seat directly across from Severus, winking as he sat and seemed to be catching his breath.

“Hey Snapey,” he said, smiling sideways as he leaned his head against the seat. “Pettigrew’s after me since I let on his mother still lets him sit in her lap during thunderstorms.”

“Clear out of here, Black,” Severus said, careful to keep his voice flat and uninterested as he lowered his wand and turned back to his book.

Sirius whistled and kicked his legs up to rest his feet on the seat directly next to Severus.

“Sheesh, Sev,” he said, his trademark smirk giving him the air of a mischievous pixie as he glanced around the empty train car. “Didn’t know you had so many friends to keep you company around here.”

“Get out,” Severus said caustically, barely glancing up. “And don’t call me that.”

“Well, it’s your name, Sev,” Sirius said, resting his hands behind his head and crossing his legs at the ankles. “What should I call you if you don’t want me to use your name?”

“I don’t know,” Severus said after a moment, looking up to glare at Sirius. “Why don’t you ask Potter? I’m sure he has some brilliantly original ideas on the subject. Now kindly leave me the hell alone.”

Severus fought the urge to guide the boy’s legs off the train seat. Hadn’t he ever been taught to keep his shoes off the furniture? It was uncomfortable to be so abnormally close to a Gryffindor, let alone a Gryffindor whose mission it was to make his life hell at the bidding of James Potter. Guys like Sirius Black didn’t just stop by your train car to say a friendly ‘hello.’ It made him apprehensive to think of Black’s actual motive for seeking him out, and the nervousness he felt so close to Black made him acutely aware of his need for the loo. He was doing everything in his power not to show his weakness by squirming on the seat. He comforted himself by gripping the sides of his book forcefully and pressing it down against his lap.

Sirius clicked his tongue and shook his head slowly.

“This is a friendly visit, Snapey,” the curly-haired boy said in a sing-song. “We’re all friends here, right?”

Severus stayed quiet, turning the page of his Potions book and pretending to trace the line of text just so he could press his palm against the book and down onto his crotch. He nearly flinched as Sirius pulled himself up by the bars of the overhead luggage rack, but managed to stay still. He could see Sirius standing there out of his peripheral vision, but fought the urge to glance up at him; he needed to keep whatever upper hand he had gained by appearing cold and distant. It was a while before Sirius spoke, teasing Severus by standing over him, leaning closer until he appeared to be reading along with the more studious boy.

“Hey, Severus, do you know how much longer it will be until we’re there?”

The Slytherin did not take the bait, refusing to even give the boy the satisfaction of acknowledging that he had spoken. Sirius held the bars of the luggage rack above Severus’s head and swung back and forth, leaning down close to Severus as he stretched his arms. But Severus was immune to the inane restlessness of the other boy, and did not allow it to distract him.

“Oh, I almost forgot,” Sirius said, standing still at last. “There was something Lily asked me to tell you! You know, if I saw you...”

Severus did not look up, but he knew Sirius would be unable to ignore his sudden, keen interest.

“But I would really like to know how long until we get there,” Sirius said, obviously playing with him. “And you’re so great at directions.”

Despite his best judgment, Severus decided to play along. But as he glanced over towards the window to get a sense of their placement, he found Sirius Black’s hands pressed against his chest as the boy swung down into the seat next to him and shoved him back against the inner window of the train car. Severus gave the other boy one quick shove to free himself, standing up off the seat and glaring as he clenched his jaw, fuming in anger.

“Get out, Black,” he said after a moment. “I’m not playing your games.”

Sirius stood and walked the few steps across the train car until he was standing close to Severus, who once again found his wand.

“Come on, Sev,” Sirius said, backing the boy into a corner and placing his hands against the wall on either side of him. “Don’t you want to know what Lily told me to tell you?”

Severus swallowed, and although his robes kept his movements from being detected, he couldn’t help but color slightly as he was forced to press his thighs together. He was desperate, straining to control himself. He wondered if Sirius had been one of the sappy fools kissing his mother goodbye. He wondered if she had leaned down and reminded him quietly to use the loo before he climbed onto the train to find his gang of friends. The small lapse in concentration seemed to be Severus’ downfall, as the other boy wrestled his wand out of his hand before grabbing his wrists and holding them up over his head. Severus struggled to get out of the boy’s clutches, but he was no match for the stronger boy, especially when every move he made caused him to feel inches away from leaking into his robes. But he would not show his weakness, and he swallowed and stood still, allowing Sirius to press his wrists against the wall over his head with one hand and grab his chin roughly with the other.

“Lily told me to tell you to stay the fuck away from her,” Sirius spat, his face only inches from Severus’.

When Sirius placed his hand between Severus’ legs, the Slytherin moaned and leaned into it only because he was desperate to pee; the pressure was almost too much to take, and the boy’s rough hand grasping his crotch was just what he needed. He knew it gave the wrong impression; Sirius was known to get around, and Severus did not want to imply that he was interested, especially if the information would get back to Lily. But he was unable to keep from thrusting his hips forward into Sirius’ grasp as he felt himself seconds away from losing control, and as he looked into the grey eyes of Sirius, he found the boy’s usually humorous expression replaced by a sternness that was as unsettling as it was exciting.

“She told me to tell you you’re a worthless Snake not worth anyone’s time and that James will have your bollocks if you don’t stop following her around like a pathetic, love-sick second year.”

In one swift movement, Sirius punched Severus in the stomach, causing the boy to double over in pain from the strong jab. To his horror, he realized as the pain subsided slightly that his bladder had released itself, that there was warm liquid streaming down his legs. He closed his eyes and stood stock-still with his palms pressed down onto his thighs, refusing to hold himself. He may be wetting his robes, but he would keep at least a bit of dignity. The wetness disgusted him, trailing down onto the floor beneath his feet as he voided into his clothes, and yet he could not ignore the stiffness in his shorts which made itself known the moment he had finished, the moment he glanced up to find Sirius Black, staring at him open-mouthed, his face flushed in what appeared to be excitement.

And, in an instant, Sirius was gone, the door of the train car sliding closed once more, leaving Severus hunched over, his palms resting on his thighs as his heart beat...

It was a memory Snape had often thought about after Sirius Black’s death. At the time it had happened, it had embarrassed and shamed him, but, looking back on the memory, he wondered just what Sirius’ actual motivations had been. He had never been quite so...physical with another man until Sirius, had never been quite so turned on by the act of wetting himself. That memory had led to a slew of others, late night meet-ups in the room of Requirement where Sirius begged to be tied down until he’d soaked himself, holding games in classes the Slytherins and Gryffindors had together, and even hook-ups outside of Hogwarts, after they had graduated. The men formed a strange friendship that was never spoken about outside of their bedrooms. If it had ever come to light, they both would have denied its existence, and yet Snape had felt the man’s absence acutely since his death.

It had been Sirius who had first taught him the excitement of pee games, and now the man’s godson, of all people, was overtaking his waking thoughts. He assumed his pseudo-friendship with Black was not unlike that which had formed between Potter and Draco, a friendship of necessity built on dark pasts and sullen sexual depravity. Snape had never been attracted to men before or after Sirius, and yet now it seemed Potter was challenging that theory entirely.

Throwing the blankets off of him, Snape stormed to his office and found the final dregs of a sleeping draught, which he downed in one gulp before retreating back to his large bed and waiting for memories of a roguish, curly-haired boy and fantasies of the man’s dark-haired godson to disappear.

###

Snape appeared in the living room of Grimmauld Place early the next morning. Frustrated by his inability to sleep, the man was in anything but an amiable mood as he glanced at the cluttered space and slunk into the kitchen, where he found Potter sitting at the table, hands wrapped around a coffee mug. He looked awful, as if he had slept even less than Snape.

“Bright and early, of course,” the boy muttered, not even attempting to hide his annoyance. “If you’re looking for Malfoy, he’s still upstairs, sulking.”

The boy was short-tempered and visibly upset, hunched at the table over his mug of coffee. Snape gathered that the two had fought over something, and was unable to contain his smirk as he thought back to the days of school-year crushes. They may be of age, but the teenagers were anything but mature when it came to relationships.

“I take it you and Mr. Malfoy had a falling out, of sorts?”

Potter scoffed into his coffee and rolled his eyes.

“You could say that,” he said, apathetically. “Here, I imagine he’ll be needing this.”

The boy rolled Draco’s wand down across the table towards Snape, who caught it before it fell to the ground.

“He left it in my room,” Potter explained. “But if precedence is anything to go by, he’ll be missing it right about now.”

Clutching the wand in his hand, Snape nodded once before turning to climb the stairway. Potter was obviously put out by whatever had occurred between the two of them, and Snape resented the fact that it was apparently his task to set things straight. Of course they would fight the day he was set to arrive, the day he thought would be a quick visit consisting of admonishing the boys for failing to complete their summer lessons. There was only one closed door to the right of the hallway, and he knocked firmly, hoping his godson were a bit less moody than Potter.

“Fuck off, Potter,” he heard Draco call from the other side of the door. Snape closed his eyes in exasperation; Draco was apparently no more rational than Potter had been, pouting downstairs.

“Language, Mr. Malfoy,” Snape warned, signalling his presence for the boy.

“Uncle Severus?” The voice was closer to the door, the boy more than likely having walked across the room once he heard his godfather’s voice.

“Yes, Draco,” Snape said, short-tempered. “Now, if you’ll please, I’m not accustomed to yelling through doors like a pair of inbred muggles. These are not the Hufflepuff dormitories.”

The door opened slightly, just enough for the boy to peek out at his godfather. His face was red and splotchy; the boy had obviously been crying. Snape wondered if Draco had always been this emotional, or if the presence of Potter had simply brought it out in him. He had certainly gotten skilled at hiding his vulnerability from his classmates, in either case.

“Open the door, Draco,” Snape drawled, his patience wearing thin.

The blonde shook his head, his eyes filling with tears once more. Snape sighed, placing a hand on the doorknob and gently forcing his way into the bedroom. His godson stood before him, dressed in a rumpled t-shirt and a pair of jeans wet through the front and down the legs. A quick glance at the soiled bedding confirmed that Draco had wet himself as he slept in what were apparently yesterday’s clothes.

“I...I...d-didn’t mean to,” Draco stammered, wiping his face as he backed into a corner of the room. If the boy’s appearance and emotional state were anything to go by, it was clear Draco had gotten as little sleep as Potter had.

Sighing, Snape removed the hostility from his voice as he said the proper drying spells before turning to his godson, who was still cringing in the corner, apparently having not realized that he had been hit with the cleansing spells.

“I’m not going to hurt you, Draco,” Snape said, surprised that his godson seemed quite so frightened. He had never before hit the boy, and he was not about to start. Draco glanced up and seemed to calm himself with an effort. Snape approached the boy and led him to sit on the now dry bed. He was starting to suspect that something rather serious had taken place between the two boys.

“Harry...he...he’s going to send me back to my father’s, isn’t he?” Draco asked.

Snape sat next to the blonde boy, shocked as the boy immediately leaned against his shoulder, the way he had when he was just a child. Snape recalled quiet nights the boy hadn’t been able to sleep because he was afraid of the dark and even the earliest years of Draco’s time at Hogwarts, when the boy crept to his godfather’s rooms because he was lonely and just wanted some company. But as Draco grew up, his need for his Uncle had diminished, and the two had gradually grown apart. How could Snape have missed the fact that the boy had always needed him, that he was still just as vulnerable and scared?

“That is something you’ll have to speak about with him, don’t you think?”

Draco nodded, sighing, and Snape placed his arm around the boy’s shoulders, drawing him closer to him in comfort. They were all the same; children hidden within the grown-ups they couldn’t help but become. As he rested a hand agaisnt the boy’s back, Snape saw Potter out of the corner of his eye, hovering in the doorway. The dark-haired boy glanced into the bedroom tentatively, and Snape nodded for him to enter.

“Do you think he hates me, Uncle Severus?” Draco mumbled, looking up after a time when he did not receive an answer from the man. As he sat up, he caught eyes with Potter, and immediately stood from the bed, straightening his clothes as he seemed to take pains to appear strong and intimidating.

“I don’t hate you,” Potter said gently, having barely moved from his spot in the doorway. “And you don’t have to leave...unless you’d rather.”

“I still think that what you did was barbaric,” Draco said after shaking his head in the negative. His pretentious tone of his voice was negated by the tear-streaks running down his face. Nevertheless, Snape was surprised at just how easily Draco has slipped from whimpering brat into pridefully stubborn young man.

Potter nodded. “I know,” he said. “And I still think you...” he paused, glancing over to where Snape had remained seated on the guest bed, one eyebrow raised. “I still think you liked it more than you’ll admit.”

Snape nearly laughed out loud. This was all some lover’s quarrel over some kinky sex act that Potter had tried to force onto Draco? He ran a hand over his face in an uncharacteristic show of exasperation; he could barely believe he was sitting in Grimmauld Place, presiding over some boyhood reconciliation after a night of debauchery gone wrong. What had he done to deserve this?

“While this is all quite a fascinating example of teenage sexual psychology,” Snape sneered, standing up from the bed. “There are those of us who do not wish to waste our entire day debating the proper etiquette for stepping outside the bounds of acceptability in the bedroom. I expect you’ve been spending just as much time on your lessons as you have navigating the perverseness of each others’ erotic fantasies?”

He received blank stares from both boys, neither of whom seemed to have followed his train of thought, but after he had instructed them to report downstairs in five minutes with their books, parchment, and quills and had left the bedroom to retreat downstairs, he heard the distinct sound of laughter and the deep tone of voice Potter seemed to save exclusively for moments in which he imitated his Potions Professor. Rolling his eyes as he set up the kitchen table as a study space, he couldn’t help but give into a half-smile, although he only did so because there was no chance of anyone witnessing such an inane expression.

###

*065*2012-05-16 13:21

{{:

........okay, so I just lost my entire review because my goddamn touchthing on my laptop is too freaking sensitive, so I'm going to try to recreate what I just had written, though it may not be as good because now I'm irritated. Apologies for the lesser quality in advance, but know that I loved this chapter as much as all the others.

This was a pretty long chapter, but of course, fantastic. I loved the look into Severus' years at Hogwarts, and the little detail of his relationship with Sirius. The wetting scene was so great, and I love the fact that Sirius was turned on by it, too. Will there be any chapters detailing their trips to the Room of Requirement?? That sounds so sexy, and I'd love to read about Snape and Sirius being just as adventurous as Harry and Draco.

I loved the moment of Harry rolling Draco's wand to Snape across the table. I don't even know what it is about that scene, but it gave me such a charming visual. Snape's realization that Draco is still vulnerable was so great, as was Draco's fear of being sent back to his father. There are so many layers of psychology behind everything you write that I don't even think about until I read it, and when I realize how much thought you put into all of this, I can appreciate everything all the more because I know it's a result of your detailed writing and planning process.

Some of my favorite lines were of Draco telling Potter to fuck off, and Snape telling him to watch his language and open the door so they don't have to shout through it like muggles. So hilarious. I love your Snape because he is just so perfectly characterized, and I love everything he says to them. It all makes me think of the roleplay because it's Snape's authoritative way of speaking that turns on Harry and Draco so much.

As always, I can't wait for an update, and I really do hope you add a little scene of the boys desperate in front of Snape! Of course, you've added so much for your readers already, so I'll be totally content with everything you've written already.

}}

Aw, I'm sorry you lost your review, Ryoku! If it happens again, don't feel like you need to write a long critique--I know it takes a while to respond to these things in the kind of detail that you do, so I don't mind if they're not always so in depth (although I do appreciate it, so thanks for re-writing after you lost it all!).

Yes, I didn't really realize how long the last chapter was until it was posted up here--sometimes I get wrapped up and can ramble a bit (if you haven't already noticed, lol). I'm glad you liked the Snape/Sirius wetting scene, and I'm thinking there may just have to be some more flashbacks of their time together, since Sirius is almost as fun to write as Snape. I'm also happy that the vulnerable Draco worked in this chapter, as part of me felt it was too great a contrast from the one before, but I tried to get across that he was so emotional again becuase he was scared of being sent back to live with his father!

I will definitely have a scene where one or both of the boys are desperate in front of Snape, but it may not be for a few chapters, because Snape isn't featured for a few chapters. He'll be back, though, and when he is, I have so many great ideas for him!!

Thanks again for reading :)

*066*2012-05-16 13:30

Ok, so I know I just updated yesterday, but I'll be travelling for a couple days and probably won't have time to update until I get back home. I'm also impatient to get to some of the upcoming chapters, so I figured I'd just update a bit early. This chapter forwards the plot and introduces Ron back into the story. I know he's not always a favorite, but I think his character adds an interesting mix to those already involved in this story, so I hope he's a welcome addition! This is the last Snape chapter for a little while, but he'll be back for more fun soon. Enjoy!

Chapter 12

Once Snape left, Harry and Draco felt almost completly reconciled back towards the comfortable normalcy they had found in each other’s company. Neither of them mentioned the incident they had fought over, and both were careful not to make any mention of holding their pee or being desperate to go. While both often wet the bed--Harry purposefully--they generally stuck to neutral subjects both in their everyday conversation and in their shared bed, and soon all hostility had been forgotten. Grimmauld Place came to be their understood refuge, and only the occasional check-up by Snape could disturb their peacefulness.

“You’ve got such a small bladder. You can’t even hold it from lunch to dinner,” Harry said softly one day they had to return from the Quidditch field so Draco could pee.

It was the first mention of peeing since the incident that had set Draco off, and he knew he was taking a chance by bringing up the subject. But the fact of the matter was that he could not keep his mind off of the pee games they had played, both at Hogwarts and at Grimmauld Place. He didn’t think he could stand another week pretending it had not turned him on more than anything else. He leaned forward and kissed Draco on the forehead.

“Sorry,” Draco mumbled.

Harry shushed him, placing his hand under Draco’s sharp jawline. He hadn’t meant to embarrass Draco; he knew the boy was sensitive about the subject of his weak bladder.

“Don’t apologize,” Harry said, rubbing Draco’s cheek, “I think it’s cute.”

Draco scoffed and looked down at the floor. Harry could tell he was still ashamed by the number of nights he had been wetting the bed lately.

“You know it’s far from cute,” he said, “How many seventeen year olds do you know who are about to pee their pants every three hours?”

“Just one,” Harry said, “but that’s one of the things I like so much about him.”

Harry pulled Draco into a hug, wrapping his arms around him. He still could not believe the boy he held in his arms was the same bully who had made his life torture for six long school years.

“You’re so adorable,” Harry mumbled into Draco’s ear.

They kissed, their arms intertwined and stomachs pushed up against each other.

“Let’s go upstairs,” Draco whispered, reaching a hand down to feel Harry’s crotch.

Harry nodded and moaned.

Suddenly, the fire roared, causing both boys to jump in surprise.

Severus Snape had traveled by floo powder, and now stepped into the living room of Grimmauld Place. He stared at the boys, who were in each others’ arms. When Draco realized his Uncle was in the room, he quickly pulled away from Harry and crossed his arms on his chest. His cheeks were slowly reddening at the idea of being caught. Harry was bothered by Draco’s reaction, but knew it had simply been his first response; Draco adored Snape and would never want to disappoint him. But, based on his last appearance in the midst of their fight, Harry knew there was little chance the Potions Master hadn't yet caught onto their relationship. Harry tried to stand so his hard-on would not be visible.

“I apologize for the intrusion,” Snape said, staring at the boys as if trying to figure out just what he was looking at. “Draco, you need to come with me to Hogwarts right now. Your father is on his way to see you.”

Draco’s heart began to beat out of his chest. He hadn’t thought about Lucius for almost three weeks now, Harry’s kindness having slowly eliminated the thoughts of his father which had always before permeated his mind.

“Do I have to?” Draco asked.

Snape glared. Even Harry had to admit that Draco’s question sounded extremely childish.

“I’m coming, too,” Harry said, putting his arm around Draco’s shoulders.

“It’s alright,” Draco mumbled, squirreling out of Harry’s touch once again.

Harry stared, feeling as he had when Draco first came to Grimmauld Place, that sinking doubt and fear that Draco was simply putting on an act in being intimate with Harry. Snape obviously knew there was something between them; why did Draco have a problem letting him verify what he had more than likely already surmised?

Snape shook his head. “You’ll just cause more trouble,” he said.

Harry’s anger at Draco’s behavior quickly escalated, and he took it out on Snape.

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Harry yelled, stepping forward as if ready to get into a fist fight.

Snape scoffed and rolled his eyes.

“I can smell the sex on you two a mile off,” Snape spat, his eyes wandering down to Harry’s crotch. “Lucius may have his own agenda, but there’s no way he won’t notice whatever it is that’s going on between the two of you. And if he found out, I don’t think he’d bring the champagne to celebrate.”

Now it was Harry’s turn to blush. He backed away from Snape, only able to stare down at the floor. He hadn’t thought it had been so obvious.

“We need to go, now,” Snape said, looking at Draco.

“Fine,” Draco said, seeming to gain some courage back, “Let’s go.”

Draco tried to remember the attitude he had when he had decided to go with Harry to Grimmauld Place. He was a man, even if Harry had been playing at treating him like a little boy for three weeks now. He shouldn’t be afraid of Lucius; he wasn’t going to let him hurt him anymore.

Draco glanced back and forth between Snape and Harry. He was still unable to tell Snape’s position on his relationship with Harry, and part of him suspected that the man did not approve. Nevertheless, he realized he needed his Uncle to get used to his affection for the Boy-Who-Lived, and he gave Harry a hug and a kiss on the cheek before following Snape through the floo system to Hogsmede, and then once again back to the dungeons of Hogwarts.

###

Harry stared at the fireplace, nervous for what Lucius was going to do to Draco. He wanted nothing more than to follow Snape and Draco, just in case Lucius got rough. Even though he knew Snape would protect the blonde boy, he worried that something was going to go wrong. As each minute passed that Draco did not return, Harry became frantic. What if Lucius had found out Draco was staying at Grimmauld Place? What if he forced Draco back to Malfoy Manor for the rest of the summer?

It was only once Harry had resigned himself to following Draco to Hogwarts to determine for himself just what was going on with Lucius that he remembered Ron was supposed to visit that afternoon. Harry had been putting his requests to visit off for as long as he could, not ready to expose his relationship with Draco to even his best friend. He was worried what Ron would think, and a part of him was loathe to distill the solitary comfort he and Draco had found alone by allowing others a glimpse into their friendship. Nevertheless, Ron was his best friend, and he had been feeling guilty that he had been repeatedly putting off his requests to visit.

He had planned to have Draco spend the day away from Grimmauld Place while Ron visited, although he had never gotten around to finding a good excuse to get rid of the Slytherin. There were few reasons he could keep him out of the house for an entire day without making him suspicious, and knew Draco would be offended were he to explain the real reason he wanted him gone.

There was not enough time to send an owl telling Ron he would need to reschedule; Harry would just have to stay behind and welcome him. Maybe it was better this way; Draco was away at Hogwarts for the day, and Ron would never have to know that Harry was keeping house with the Slytherin. Harry pushed his worries about Draco out of his mind as well as he could and began cleaning up the house, preparing for Ron’s arrival.

It was less than an hour later when Ron arrived. Harry embraced him and they stood holding each other without words, Harry not having realized just how much he had missed his best friend until he was standing right in front of him. He felt closer to Ron than any other friend; he really thought of him not as a friend alone, but as a brother. It was a different feeling than those he had for Draco; Harry knew he could trust Ron to always be there for him, to never put his own agenda before Harry’s in a time of crisis. They had been through everything together, and, along with Hermione, Ron was family.

“It’s good to see you,” Harry said.

“I’m so effing glad to get out of that damn house,” Ron said. Ron liked to swear; Harry believed it allowed him to feel more adult than he did when at home. Being the youngest boy of five, the Weasley household was still likely to treat him like a child, particularly Mrs. Weasley. Even Ginny was treated more like an adult than Ron often was.

“Your mum’s still treating you like a first year?” Harry asked.

Ron sighed and took a seat on a stool in the kitchen. Harry had been cooking when Ron arrived; it took his mind off of his worry over Draco. He picked up where he had left off, measuring ingredients.

“She doesn’t effing understand that I’m grown now; she doesn’t need to hold my hand. And Fred and George are worse than she is, the wankers.”

Harry could see the frustration and anger in Ron’s eyes, and felt guilty for re-scheduling his visit so many times. He knew Ron had been disappointed when Harry told him he wanted to spend some time alone at Grimmauld Place over the summer rather than spend the whole time at the Burrow with the Weasley family, which had been an option.

“What are they up to now?” Harry asked, rolling his eyes in good humor. He knew the tricks the twins were often playing at, and despite Ron’s annoyance, he could not help but find the fun in their games. He glanced up at Ron while dicing a tomato.

Ron stared back at Harry for a moment before shrugging.

“Nothing,” Ron said, suddenly very interested in his fingernails.

Harry gave a small laugh, thinking Ron was fooling around with him.

“No, really,” Harry said. “What have they been doing?”

He wanted to hear stories of their tricks; it would keep his mind off of Draco and the thought that his father had captured him away and would take him to receive the Dark Mark and Harry would never see him again and when he did he would only treat him like dirt, working under Voldemort. He waited for Ron to answer.

“Just, I don’t know,” Ron stalled. “The…fucking…usual things.”

Harry put down the knife on the cutting board and placed his hands flat on the counter, leaning towards Ron.

“Ron, what’s wrong?” Harry watched Ron across from him, sitting slumped in a bar stool. He had been too focused on Draco until this point to realize just what shape Ron was in. Now, as he actually looked, Harry could see that Ron apparently hadn’t slept in weeks; his eyes were red and he had dark circles underneath them. He looked weak, as if he had a migraine he would never be able to get rid of.

“Come here,” Harry said. He led Ron across the kitchen to the living room, sitting him on the couch. He sat next to him, and put an arm around his shoulders.

“I’m sorry I didn’t come to the Burrow with you,” Harry said. “Has it been horrible?” Harry knew that he could never feel as if the Burrow were a horrible place; it was more home to him than any other place in the world, apart from Grimmauld Place. At the same time, however, he knew that Ron was still treated like a child while at the Burrow, and it was often extremely degrading. His brothers found it too easy to torment Ron with their tricks, knowing all of his secrets gave them wonderful blackmailing material.

“Their new idea of fun is forcing me to try out all the new pranks they’re inventing for the joke shop. They say that if I don’t follow along and agree to try each of them, they’ll tell Hermione that…” Ron glanced at Harry and down to the floor. “That…”

Harry nearly laughed as he realized that the twins were most likely planning to tell Hermione that Ron wet the bed occasionally. It seemed so ironic that he had been spending the last weeks with Draco, wetting the bed as much purposefully as anyone, and Ron was embarrassed to admit what the twins were blackmailing him with, even though Harry already knew the extent of Ron’s problems. He wondered if he should tell Ron and Draco how much they had in common; Ron’s expression of embarrassment and shame was the exact same as Draco’s. What were the chances his best friend and his pseudo-boyfriend were both teenaged bedwetters?

“Tell her what?” Harry asked. He knew Ron could only get over the embarrassment of it were he to begin treating it as a normal occurrence. Harry knew Hermione had been in love with Ron for years; she would not be deterred by a small accident or two. Well, at least he hoped she wouldn’t be.

“You effing know what, Harry,” Ron sighed, “They’ll tell her that I pee the bed.”

Harry decided not to acknowledge any embarrassment in the admittance.

“Well, Fred still pees the bed, too,” he said.

Ron glanced up. “So?” he asked.

Harry smiled at Ron’s ignorance.

“So, just tell them that if they tell Hermione, you’ll tell their friends about Fred’s little problem. And he’s older than you, which makes it even worse.” Harry hadn’t meant to say that last part. It made it sound as if bedwetting were bad, and he had wanted to make Ron feel as if it were normal.

“But Fred only wets when he’s drunk or stoned. It’s different.”

“It’s still embarrassing,” Harry said. “Besides, what’s the big deal anyway? It's only a few times a month. You really think Hermione would care about something so little?”

“Harry,” Ron said, shocked, “I’m seventeen. Seventeen-year-olds don’t pee their beds. It’s a fucking big deal. My mother looks at me like I’m defective or something. I’m so strung-out on Fred and George’s trick candy and pills and concoctions that I can’t sleep a damn wink, and every time I do, I pee my pants. I’ve been doing it almost every night. Shit, It hasn’t been this bad since I was a little kid. Hermione deserves a man, not a little boy.”

“Let Hermione decide for herself what she wants,” Harry said. “And peeing the bed does not make you defective.” He reached over to hug Ron close to him, wanting to take away his shame and distress. Ron sighed and leaned close to Harry, allowing himself to be absorbed into the embrace.

“You should stay here for a day or two. We’ll get all that shit out of your system. You’ll feel a lot better, you’ll see.”

Harry had offered before he remembered that Draco was staying with him. His words suddenly caught in his throat; he was nervous just what Ron’s reaction to his relationship with Draco would be.

“Could I really?” Ron asked. He had been afraid that when Harry did not come to the Burrow for the summer it had meant he was tired of Ron’s company. It made him extremely lonely to think that Harry would rather spend time alone at Grimmauld Place than with him at the Burrow.

Harry was moved by the genuine expression of relief on Ron’s face.

“Of course,” Harry said. He punched Ron gently on the shoulder, a sign of affection. “I’ve missed you.”

Ron smiled, the doubt and hurt of the past two weeks melting away as he leaned up against Harry, who kept his arm wrapped strong around him.

###

*069*2012-05-19 19:20

I'm back! Thanks for the comments darklink2nd and Sev--I appreciate them and am really glad you're liking the story!

Here's the next chapter. I realize most of the chapters are pretty long, so if let me know if you guys would like me to shorten them or break them up, and I can do that from this point forward if that's what people prefer. Enjoy!

Chapter 13

The house was quiet as Harry slipped the lasagna into the oven. He was nervous that he hadn’t heard from Draco. Half a dozen times he had started towards the fireplace, about to go after him, but the thought of Ron kept him in place. An hour ago, he had put Ron to bed in a spare bedroom down the hall from the one Draco had slept in the night before; he didn’t want him to wake up and find the house empty.

As Harry had finished preparing the lasagna, his thoughts alternated between obsessing over Draco’s whereabouts and worrying about what Ron’s reaction would be when he found out that Harry and Draco had become an item. He figured it would be best to tell Ron before Draco arrived back at Grimmauld Place; that way he could still make him feel that he was being kept in the loop; it would ensure him that Harry and Draco were not conspiring behind his back.

He listened for any noise upstairs, but heard nothing. Ron must still be asleep; he felt certain that Ron would sleep straight through the night if he let him. Whatever it was Fred and George were forcing him to test out had not been good for him; The jokes had obviously screwed him up, and Harry was angry at the twins. Harry felt just as protective of Ron as he did of Draco. If he had Lucius Malfoy and Fred and George Weasley in the room that moment, he would have a struggle deciding which of them to hex first.

He figured the best way to cheer Ron up would be to invite Hermione for a visit. Harry somehow felt that she may understand about him and Draco, and he longed for her calm demeanor. She was always able to place anything into perspective. Despite his fear that she would reject his and Draco’s companionship, he figured he might as well tell both his best friends at once, and scribbled a letter for Hedwig to take over to the Granger’s, sending the owl on her way as he sat in the kitchen, watching the lasagna bake.

###

Draco arrived at Snape’s offices in the dungeons of Hogwarts. He scanned the dark room for his father’s tall, lean figure, but could not find him in the hollow room. Snape wandered behind his desk and sat, motioning for Draco to take a seat across from him, in the small wooden chair he forced his miscreant students to sit in when lecturing them after school.

“Where’s Lucius?” Draco asked.

Snape sighed, “He’s not coming, Draco.”

Draco stared back at Snape in confusion.

“What?” He asked, knowing he sounded simple.

“I needed to speak with you…without Potter.”

Draco stared in silence.

“You what?” he asked, enraged.

Draco stood up and began pacing back and forth in anger, mumbling to himself as much as to Snape.

“I can’t believe this. You made me worry that my father was here to force my return to the Manor or that, that, he had realized whom I was staying with or, or that my mother…”

“Calm down,” Snape said in a monotone. He was looking at Draco as if he did not have the time to tolerate him.

Draco glared back at Snape in a rare show of abject defiance towards the man.

“Have a seat, Mr. Malfoy, and allow me to explain.”

Draco huffed back to the chair, flinging himself onto it. He caught himself in the childish gesture and sat upright, hoping it made him look older, more mature.

“Your father did write a note, requesting your return to the Manor for your mother’s birthday celebrations,” Snape began. “Your mother has been asking about you. I’ve been able to hold them off for this long, but soon we will have to make a decision about just how long you’d like to uphold this charade. I have been in contact with your father, and I can assure you both he and your mother would like you to spend the rest of the summer back home. I wanted you to be able to make the decision on your own, without any…outside input.”

Draco knew that, of course, Snape meant Harry. He almost spewed back cruel words, but caught himself at the last minute as he realized he should possibly be grateful for the opportunity to make the decision on his own. Draco knew that his mother would be worried, and that he may be able to keep them from suspicion were he to return home at least for a short period, but at the same time, he felt only pain and doubt about returning to that house. He wanted to spend his summer with Harry; he couldn’t bear to leave him alone.

“I do not wish to return to the Manor,” Draco concluded.

Snape leaned onto his desk and propped his chin up on his hand, placing one finger horizontally across his lips, as if deep in contemplation. He was fighting to hide his conflicted emotions about the situation. He in no way wished to send the boy back to his abusive father, and yet he knew they were all walking on thin ice at this point. Were the relationship between Draco and Potter to become general knowledge, Snape would be forced to admit to his part in the establishment of it, and would thus compromise his position as Dumbledore's informant in regards to the Dark Lord's hunt for Harry.

He suposed Voldemort may believe that Snape and Draco had conned Harry into the relationship as a means of keeping tabs on him, but it was doubtful; Lucius would have needed to be informed in that situation, and there was no doubt at this point that he had not been made aware. It was a difficult decision, but Snape felt it was safer for both boys were an end to be put to their fling immediately. It had all gone on long enough.

“You need to know,” Snape said, spreading his hands out flat onto the wooden desktop, “that I in no way endorse lying to your father. He is one of my closest friends, and while I do not condone his occasionally violent tendencies towards his own son, I will not continue lying to him in order to allow a schoolboy crush to be played out. If you do not explain to him your true reasons for staying away from home this vacation, I will be forced to step in and tell him just who you have been spending all of your time with.”

Draco was shocked. He believed his Uncle had been on his side, and now it seemed that he was still with Lucius, caring little for Draco’s happiness or well-being.

“He beats, me, Uncle,” Draco said, attempting to get Snape to understand.

“And I have already told you, Draco, I do not approve of child abuse. But this has gone far enough, and the situation goes beyond his treatment of you. This—”

Draco felt himself losing control. His Uncle was speaking to him the way his father often did, as if his opinion in no way mattered. He was being backed into a corner where neither decision would suit him.

“I am no longer a child, Severus!” he said loudly, suddenly on his feet in front of his Uncle’s desk. “And I do not approve of your ultimatums. I will spend my time with whom I see fit, whether you consent or not. Tell Lucius what you will; as far as I’m concerned he can go fuck himself. I’m no longer five years old spending the weekend under your care; no matter how much you would like to control me, you are no more my father than Lucius is!”

Draco started towards the door, turning his back on Snape. He heard Snape clear his throat, and clear his throat, a sound that only Snape could make sound quite so intimidating.

“Well, that was a very passionate speech,” Snape said calmly, mocking Draco.

Draco stopped walking, yet did not turn around. “You’ve actually managed to convince yourself that you won’t ever need anyone to help you now that you’re the arm candy of Potter. Your family means nothing, now? Wait until you have children of your own, Draco. You’ll see that it is all not as easy as you and Potter would like to think. Your father and mother have done the best that they can, the only way that they know how, and no matter what their treatment of you, they deserve to be respected. Your father only wants you to be successful. He’s simply preparing you.”

Draco turned to face Snape, making a conscious choice to remove the anger from his voice.

“Preparing me for what? To live my life as miserable as he does, or to know the proper way to beat my wife and child?”

Severus raised himself from his desk chair, provoked to true anger. He lowered himself back to a seated position when Draco held his hands out in front of him in a half-hearted gesture of apology.

“Uncle Severus, I understand.” Draco said, “He’s your best friend. You grew up together. You wrote homework together and dated girls together and joked around together. You’ll always forgive him, no matter what horrible thing he does next. But I won’t take it anymore. I’m not going to live underneath Lucius’s thumb anymore.”

Draco looked up at his Uncle, “And neither should you.”

He turned to walk out the door, stopping in the doorway to face his Uncle again.

“Tell Lucius not to bother setting my place at the dinner table for the rest of the summer.”

Draco walked away from his Uncle’s office, not bothering to answer the irate shouts following him down the hallway, yelling his nephew’s name and demanding that he return to the office of his Potions Master.

By the time he arrived back at Grimmauld Place, Draco was teary and shaking, wanting nothing more than to be wrapped in Harry’s warm arms. He flooed into the living room, immediately calling out Harry’s name as he felt himself dissolve into sobs, moments away from a panic attack. The stress of the day caught up to him at once, and he wavered between intense anger towards Snape and a sinking disappointment in himself that he had spoken back to his Uncle in such a way. More than anything, he was overwhelmed by the thought of his father learning of his whereabouts, and the thought was enough to cause him an almost debilitating fear.

Harry rushed from the kitchen as soon as he heard Draco calling for him, rushing towards the boy and taking him in his arms as soon as he saw the state that he was in. He was intensely worried, imagining Lucius to have treated Draco as roughly as ever. He had never seen Draco quite so upset. The blonde could barely breathe, in the throes of a panic attack as he sobbed in front of the fireplace.

“I got you,” Harry breathed into his ear. “I’m right here, Dray, and I won’t let anyone hurt you.”

“H-he’s gonna...he’s going to t-t-tell,” Draco sobbed between gasps of air.

“Sh, don’t try to talk,” Harry soothed, rubbing the boy’s back as the smaller boy burrowed against his chest. “You’re safe now. Just breathe.”

Draco’s face was a mess of tears as he looked up at Harry and tried to catch his breath. He couldn’t see any way out of the situation he was in. He was trapped, and Snape was more than likely sending his father an owl right at that moment, calling Draco’s actions to shame in light of the Malfoy family name. Dissolving once more into hiccoughed sobs, he clutched to Harry as tightly as he could, needing to feel something other than overwhelming fear. But it was too much for his overstressed body to take, and Draco gasped as he felt himself begin to wet his pants in fear. Clutching down at his crotch with a gasp, he wailed and begged it to stop, his words practically unintelligible.

“No, no, no,” he chanted, shrinking back from Harry as if he had forgotten for a moment where he was. “I’m a big boy, I have to hold it.”

Harry was surprised at the words he could make out as Draco whined pitifully, his hands pressed between his legs as liquid began to trickle down to the wooden floorboards beneath him. The boy was acting much younger than his age, and Harry was extremely concerned. He still was unaware of just what had taken place during Draco’s short visit at Hogwarts, but he suspected it was anything but good if it had put Draco into such a state of overwhelming distress. The blonde didn’t even seem to register Harry’s presence as the larger boy placed a hand on his shoulder, looking up with fear in his eyes but without any sense of recognition. He looked young and helpless, lost in memories from darker days.

“I’m having an accident,” he whispered, still trying to twist his legs together to hold in his pee. “Daddy’s going to be so mad!”

Taking matters into his own hands, Harry lifted the smaller boy and began carrying him upstairs, shushing him and assuring him everything would be okay. He wanted to get Draco into a smaller space, wanted him to feel secure and safe. He hurried to the spare bedroom Draco had slept in the night before, closing the door behind them and letting the boy cry on his shoulder. He cast a quick silencing charm around the room; the last thing they needed was for Ron to be woken up and to come looking for Harry.

“I’m sorry,” Draco cried. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”

“It was just an accident, Dray,” Harry said gently, rocking the boy back and forth as he paced around the room. He was surprised by how little Draco weighed. Harry knew that he himself was small for his age, and so was surprised to find that he could lift the blonde easily.

After nearly half an hour of soothing the boy, Harry had gotten Draco to calm down a bit. The boy lay slumped on his shoulder, exhausted after the intense show of fear. He appeared emotionless and barely present as Harry lay him on the bed and removed his shoes. Setting him down and bringing the blankets up and over him, he rubbed his back as the boy fell quickly into a nearly dead sleep, leaving Harry in a state of bewildered shock, sick to his stomach at the thought of someone hurting his Draco.

###

*071*2012-05-21 05:57

{{:

Loved all these chapters again. As I am really tired I am going to keep this short, I'm sorry.

They were all brilliant. Loved the parts which involved Snape and I especially loved how you describe his dilemma. This is not ''just another omorashi story'' - this is a fantastic story, even without the omorashi involved. To me, it's just the perfect match. Harry Potter, written in a way I like it, with omorashi to spice things up. Fantastic. I can't wait for the next chapter.

}}

Wow, thanks so much! It means a lot and I'm honestly just really glad others like this kind of thing as much as I do!

*072*2012-05-21 06:10

Here's the next chapter. No blatant omorashi in this one, but there will be some more soon--promise!

Enjoy, and let me know what you think!

Chapter 14

For some time, Harry sat beside Draco’s bed, watching the boy sleep. The blonde tossed and turned, calming when Harry reached to place his hand on his shoulder or the top of his head. Harry still had half a mind to storm back to Hogwarts and demand an explanation from Snape as to just what Draco had been subjected to during his visit to the Potions Master’s dungeons, but he could not bear the thought of Drace waking up alone. Besides, Ron was still asleep down the hallway, and it wasn’t as if he had been given a chance to casually sneak away and explain that he was not Harry’s only houseguest.

He had left Draco’s side for only a moment, needing to take the food out of the oven. He left the lasagna on the kitchen counter to cool and hurried back upstairs, no longer hungry. For once he was glad that Ron slept like the dead; Harry hoped he would sleep soundly until he had the chance to ensure Draco was okay.

It was after six o’clock by the time Draco began to rouse. Harry sat up straighter in the chair he had pulled next to the bed, leaning over and waiting for the other boy to acclimate himself to his surroundings. Draco blinked and rolled over, sitting up almost immediately. It was clear that he was already aware that something had occurred, clear that he was attempting to piece together just what had happened before he had fallen asleep.

“Hey,” Harry said tentatively.

Draco swallowed and glanced around the room. “Hey,” he said.

“Did you sleep alright?” Harry was unsure whether to broach the subject of earlier, not wanting to upset Draco all over again.

The blonde nodded, running a hand down over his face before flipping the hair out of his eyes. He stared past Harry towards the door of the bedroom, seemingly lost in thought. Harry reached out and took the boy’s hand.

“I...I’m sorry for earlier,” Draco said quietly, turning towards Harry. “I’m not really sure what happened.”

Harry nodded, still concerned. He had never seen Draco act the way he had earlier that day, so broken and lost. He felt guilty, having happily let himself get wrapped up in taking care of Ron and sending a message to Hermione because he was holding a slight grudge towards the blonde. He had been hurt that Draco had pulled away from him earlier, when Snape appeared in their living room. But he should have been there for Draco, shouldn’t have been angry at the boy for his hesitancy to place his affection towards Harry on display for Snape. It hadn’t been fair of him.

“I shouldn’t have let you go alone,” Harry said.

But, apparently, Draco was still fixated on the events that had taken place when he got back from Hogwarts, and he glanced down at his lap before giving a questioning glance towards Harry.

“Did I...”

Harry nodded, knowing the boy was remembering the way he had peed himself in the living room. Draco slumped back against the headboard, cheeks reddening.

“‘m sorry,” he mumbled

Harry shushed him as he climbed into bed with Draco. He wrapped his arm around him, allowing Draco to nuzzle into his chest as he rubbed the boy’s back.

“What happened, Dray?” Harry asked at last, his voice concerned.

“Lucius wasn’t there,” Draco sighed. “But Snape is threatening to tell him about...you and me, unless I agree to spend the rest of the summer back at my father’s house.”

Harry kissed the top of Draco’s head, glad to see that the boy seemed far calmer and more rational than he had earlier that day. He now understood Draco’s reaction, the blind fear that had been placed within him at the mention of his father. Snape had been right; there was no way Lucius Malfoy would approve of his son fraternizing with Harry Potter, and now the situation looked nearly impossible. What were they going to do?

“You’re not going back there,” Harry said firmly. “We’ll figure something out.”

He held Draco close, and the boy nodded. Harry knew that Draco hadn’t been convinced, that the conviction Harry had attempted to speak with was little more than a put-on show of bravado. Nevertheless, it seemed they had both come to the decision that pretending to be sure of themselves and the situation was the lesser of two evils; neither of them wanted to admit that their surety was nothing but wishful thinking, at least at the moment.

Standing up out of bed, Harry scrambled to the desk beneath the window and gathered parchment and a quill. He brought the items back to Draco and set them on his lap atop an old textbook, instructing him to write a letter.

“You need to write Snape and tell him you’re considering what he’s said,” Harry explained. “Let him know you’re thinking it all over, that you acted rashly by leaving without giving him an answer. You know, tell him what he wants to hear.”

Harry knew they were only buying a short amount of time, if any at all, by sending a note to Snape. But as he sat in bed clutching Draco to him and watching him compose a letter, an inkling of an idea formed. If he wanted to get them out of this situation, he just needed to make the benefits outweigh the detriments for Snape; he needed to give the man something he wanted enough to risk hiding their relationship from Lucius and the others. Draco had been helpful enough to point out where Snape’s interests seemed to lie, and Harry couldn’t help but have noticed the hitch in Snape’s breath the last time he had dismissed them from punishment in his office. It would be a gamble, but if Harry’s assumptions were correct, he knew the perfect way to gain the upper hand over his moody Professor.

“We’ll wait and see how long that buys us,” Harry said, rolling the parchment and hoping Hedwig had returned from delivering his earlier message to Hermione. “When the time comes, I think I may know just the way to guarantee that Snape won’t go to your father.”

Draco looked up at Harry hopefully, and the taller boy leaned down to kiss him on the mouth, feeling lighter as he became convinced of the validity of his plan. It would work; he knew it would. Snape may have become extremely skilled at hiding it, but the past few weeks had assured Harry that the Professor was as versed in perversity as the horniest of teenage boys.

“You should get some more sleep,” Harry said, taking the note in his hand and standing up off the bed. “I’ll send this and bring you some dinner in a little while, okay?”

Draco grabbed the front of Harry’s t-shirt as he turned to go and yanked the boy’s mouth back to his own, kissing him deeply. He only pulled away after many minutes.

“Thank you, Harry,” the blonde said, concern replaced by a simple exhaustion that was welcome after the trying day he had been through. He was used to dealing with everything on his own, having to solve his own dilemmas. Knowing the other boy was there for him, sharing the problem rather than abusing his knowledge of it, gave Draco a deep appreciation such that he had never felt towards another person. He squeezed Harry’s hand and breathed easier knowing he had gained an ally; maybe that Gryffindor loyalty really did function as an admirable character trait, despite what he had been made to believe.

Harry watched Draco lay back down beneath the blankets before springing out the door to send Hedwig on her second errand of the day. The owl wouldn’t be happy with him, having become used to the listless days of summer, but he would have to find another time to make it up to her. It was crucial Snape receive Draco’s message immediately.

Having sent the owl on her way after much prodding and the promise of allowing a night to freely roam the nearby forests, Harry set about dealing with his next issue at hand: his best friend. Knowing there was nothing in the world that made Ron happier than food, Harry warmed a plate of lasagna before moving quietly back upstairs to wake him, ensuring the door to Draco’s room was closed on his way past.

“Ron? Are you awake?”

Harry peered into the dark guest room, only slightly guilty about waking his best mate up when he obviously needed sleep. He needed to explain things to Ron, and he could no longer wait, what with Ron’s least favorite Hogwarts student asleep two doors down. Harry just hoped he would be able to understand.

Ron groaned and rolled over in bed. He pulled the comforter up over his face, blocking the light flooding in from the hallway.

“Brought you some food,” Harry said. “You hungry?”

Ron mumbled something, still half-asleep, and Harry stifled a laugh. He entered the room and sat on the edge of the bed, placing the plate of food on the bedside table. Ron’s face was flushed from sleep, his hand up next to his face. Harry yanked the blanket out from Ron’s grasp above his head, forcing him to adjust his eyes to the light.

“Fuck, Harry,” Ron mumbled slowly, drawing his words out as if he believed it all to be a messed-up dream he was having.

“You can’t sleep all day or you’ll be up all night,” Harry said, hoping his reasoning sounded convincing. “You’ve got to get your sleep schedule back on track. Come on, wake up.”

Ron groaned again and stretched, yawning widely.

“Okay,” he mumbled begrudgingly, rubbing his eyes.

“And, we need to talk,” Harry said nervously. “It’s about me not coming to the Burrow. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to spend time with you and your family, I just…”

“Hey, mate, could you just let me take care of the pissy bed before you start in on whatever it is you need to tell me?” Ron asked.

Ron pulled himself up to lean against the headboard and threw off the blankets, revealing a dark wet spot in the middle of the sheets. There was wetness throughout the crotch and thighs of his jeans, also. Harry’s stomach flipped; why was he so turned on by Ron or Draco wetting in bed? Ron reached for his wand on the bedside table.

“Sorry, mate,” Ron said, nodding towards the soaked bed sheets. He said a quick scourgify, and the wetness disappeared. Harry was relieved that Ron seemed more open about his bedwetting than he had when they were sharing a dorm at Hogwarts; here, when it was just the two of them, Ron didn’t even seem embarrassed.

“Not your fault,” Harry told him simply.

“Want me to put them through a wash?” Ron asked, “My mum likes to; she doesn’t feel they’re clean enough with just a scourgify.”

Harry shook his head.

“What’s the point? You’ll just pee ‘em again,” he teased.

Ron scoffed and punched Harry’s shoulder, pretending anger.

“Fuck off, mate,” he said, smiling.

Harry laughed and passed Ron the plate of food.

“Just eat,” he said.

Ron took large bites, shoving them into his mouth as if he had not eaten properly in weeks. Harry was always amazed at Ron’s large appetite. Then again, whenever he ate at the Weasley’s he could not believe the amount of food given to each of them; he almost always felt guilty because he was unable to finish what Ron and his brothers ate easily.

“I invited Hermione,” Harry mentioned, hoping to lead into the conversation about Draco.

Ron’s face brightened and he raised his eyebrows in surprise.

“Thought that might cheer you up,” Harry said, smiling sideways

Ron nodded as he swallowed his food.

“Thanks, mate,” he said, “You’re the best.”

“No problem.”

Ron glanced down at the food and made a face.

“Not the best cook, however,” he said, teasing.

Harry gasped in pretend offense. He had missed Ron’s sense of humor, missed having someone around to joke with. He wished he could have just a day or two with his best mate, without having to break the news that he was currently shacking up with a Slytherin.

“Then I guess you don’t want to finish it, you little fucker” Harry said, smirking as he reached for Ron’s plate.

Ron pulled the plate back away from Harry’s reach, not wanting to surrender the food. Both boys were stifling laughter.

“Well, I don’t want to offend you,” he said, “After all, I don’t want to be a bad house guest.”

“You’ve already pissed my bed,” Harry said, snorting with the effort it took to keep from laughing. He leaned against Ron and stretched his arm towards the plate, trying to grab it out of his hand. “I’d say you’ve already passed into the realm of bad guest.”

“Oh have I?” Ron said. “Well, what are you going to do about it?”

He climbed onto the bed, jumped onto the floor, and managed to run past Harry, holding the plate of half-eaten lasagna high over his head. He made it into the hallway, and took off down the stairs, glancing backwards as the other boy scrambled after him. Harry caught up at the bottom of the stairs, and grabbed Ron around the waist to pull him to the ground, forgetting about the food until it fell to the ground, making a mess on the floor and sending both boys into convulsions of laughter.

“Look what you did,” Harry said between gasps of laughter, gesturing to the tomato sauce splattered on the floorboards.

Ron snorted in laughter, “Me? You’re the one who pulled me down!”

“Well, you’re cleaning it up,” Harry teased, smiling crookedly.

“No fucking way!”

Ron flipped his middle finger towards Harry in good-natured ribbing, and the boys gasped for breath, their stomach muscles hurting from laughter. It was a long time before either could stop laughing; their giddiness would die down only to begin in earnest once again as soon as they looked at each other or the food on the floor. Finally they sat spent, exhausted from laughing.

“I’ll get a towel,” Ron suggested, smiling fully.

Harry nodded and picked up the green plastic plate. He began to search for his wand to help with the clean up, and was in the middle of scourgifying the tomato sauce off his t-shirt when he heard Ron call his name.

“Harry?” he yelled, shocked, “What the fucking hell is Draco fucking Malfoy doing in your fucking kitchen?”

###

*074*2012-05-22 03:18

{{:

Ack! I haven't reviewed for three chapters?! *faints*

Well, I'm here now, and waiting on the edge of my seat for the next chapter, as always!

I loved every one of these chapters that I haven't reviewed yet. haha. Loved Snape in all of these chapters: his sarcasm, his seriousness, his dueling concern for Draco and loyalty to Lucius. I was never really a Snape fan before this fiction, but now I'm really seeing how great a character he is to read (and must be to write for!).

The bits with Ron and Harry were so funny. I like seeing Harry's more humorous side, because although he jokes and has fun with Draco, with Ron it's so much more casual without the underlying sexual desires! I wasn't sure how much I'd like Ron in this story because I'm more into the Drarry part of any HP fiction. For me to like Ron, it takes a really great author who can make the character funny and interesting (*thinks of favorite fictions with great authors in which I love their Ron characterization*), and of course you've done just that. I'm also really excited to see your Hermione.

I really like stories that include all of the most important characters, because it's just so unrealistic that Harry would completely abandon his friends as soon as he get's romantic with Draco. There's only one other author I've said this to, but I think so far you have the right amount of the "outside characters" (Ron and Hermione, for now) in your story, while focusing mainly in the romance (and omorashi) between Harry and Draco. I know Ron and Hermione really aren't outside characters in the movies, but for the sake of a Drarry fiction, I think the story should be primarily about our two sexiest wizards, with their friends not distracting from the romance.

To be perfectly honest, I wasn't too into Draco acting like a child when he came back from his meeting with Snape. It was realistic, considering how terrified of going back to his father he is, and how traumatized he was after hearing Snape's announcement, but I just don't really care for the babying aspect of it. I suppose it's just a matter of differing tastes in how we like our Drarry (lol), but despite the regression into childish behavior, I loved that chapter as much as all the others.

I like how Harry just gets turned on by all things wetting, even when it's his best friend. haha, and I can't wait to see what he does with Snape! I might have to say this in every review, but you can't leave us with that cliffhanger! Gah! I MUST SEE.. Snarry? lol, sounds so funny, but definitely sexy. Don't leave us too long with that ending, you horrible meanie! I must see Ron reacting to Draco! And I MUST see SNARRY! *drools* Update! Please?

I really appreciate you sharing this story with us! There are some really great authors for HP, but realistically, how many HP writers are into omorashi? And how many of those people can write a great fanfiction that meets every nit-picky standard I have for a great story? haha, this story is the best of both omo and Drarry, and you must post soon, or I will leave another horrifically long review for you that will eat up hours of your time to read. <3

}}

There's nothing like one of your reviews, Ryoku, to make me feel all happy and just a bit self-pleased. You are so generous in your praise of this story, and I'm honestly really humbled by some of the things you and the other reviewers say becuase they're just so nice! I don't seem to get too many reviews, so the ones I do get mean a lot--thank you thank you thank you for continuously reviewing and being really supportive!

I'm glad the dynamic between Harry and Ron is working for you so far, and that you picked up on the care-free silliness between them, because I really think that is a major part of their friendship that I wanted to get across. Hermione will show up soon, too, so that adds a whole other dynamic into the mix!

I was wondering how people would respond to the childish Draco, and while its something I like at moments if done realistically, this story really isnt about babying or regression (at least the way it's written now), so don't worry! I'm looking forward to the Snape/Harry chapter, although as it stands now that doesn't come for a few more since they've bought themselves some time by writing him a note. The next chapter does involve Ron reacting to Draco, however, and hopefully I'll be able to post that one tomorrow before I head to work in the afternoon--just have to find some time to edit it a bit!

Alright, I'm off to bed, but thanks again for your really encouraging words and I'll do my best to update again soon!

