Harry and his little problem

Author: Kylie

*000*2012-05-23 00:46

This is my very first story and on the short side but I will write more on the topic. Hope u like it!!!!!!

Harry awoke with a start. He glanced at the clock and sighed when it read 2:00am. Then he felt something cold and wet all over him and the bed. Then he gasped realizing he had wet his bed.

Draco heard that gasp and woke up himself wondering what was wrong with potter. He saw the curtains were pulled around harry's bed and shrugged. Maybe he was hearing things.

Harry got up to call the house elf opening the curtains he saw that Draco was awake. He held back a groan couldn't things go his way for once. It just would be too lucky if dumbledore had changed his mind about this dorm arrangement.

Draco saw Harry attemp to get up. Then smelled the sharp scent of urine and saw the wet sheets. "awwww did baby potter have an accident" he said. He knew it was cruel but he was supposed to be mean to Harry.

Harry tore towards the bathroom not wanting to face him. I'm ruined he thought malfoy is gonna tell everybody. He called upon a house elf to clean the sheets. By the time he returned to the room even though it was 3:00 Draco was gone. He was worried about were he was but glad he was not there. Little did he know Draco had told every slytherin.

###

By harry's 2nd class (potions with snape) he was on the verge of tears every slytherin had teased him today. Snape noticed that Harry did not look good but ignored it. Draco and his buddies started mouthing things to Harry across the room until Harry started crying. There was only 2 minutes left to the class when snape saw Harry. Before dismissing everybody snape said "mr.potter I would like to see you after class to have alittle talk"

###

(to be continued)

