Pindy pees her panties

Author: princesstess

*000*2016-12-13 04:16

It was mid-way through math class when she started fighting and scrunching her skirt . Obvious she needed to go, but she didn’t ask. She squeezed her thighs tightly and hunched a bit. So lets go into her head and see what she may be going though...

Pindy's POV

I need to pee. It hasn’t been that long I shouldn’t need to pee. Its getting worse, I can’t believe I already need to pee so bad. Why didn’t I go before the period. I can’t believe how bad I need to go.

About a minute or so later I grabbed myself though my miniskirt, and tightly squeezed my thighs around my hand. I felt embarrassed. Now everybody knows I need to pee, they think I’m going to pee my panties like I did in guidance. And I am!

I’m going to pee my panties for sure if he says no. In guidance I panicked when she said to wait. I got so desperate so fast I just started spurting right then. Maybe I can make it if I can relax. But if I ask and he says no, I’ll panic again and just start peeing my panties

I glanced at the clock and really started to panic.

Oh no, another 25 minutes. I can’t make it. I just can’t hold it. I need to go now. I can’t believe how bad its getting. I need the girls room now. I’m going to pee my panties any second. Its so bad!

I dug my hand harder into my miniskirt and put up my free hand, but the teacher was busy writing on the board.

Please turn around please, please turn around. I’m going to pee my panties any second. I can’t hold it any longer. I'm going to go to the girls room right in my panties!

I started trembling within seconds of putting up my hand. Please turn around please, please turn around. I’m going to pee my panties any second. I can’t hold it any longer!

A few seconds later I started violently trembling and sobbing. Oh no, its coming. I feel the first spurt soak through my panties, slip and miniskirt. Oh no, please no. Please let me make it to the girls room.

I’m not going to make it! I tremble violently from panic and my desperate attempt to hold on a little longer. I'm rapidly spurting pee through my panties. No! No! The warm wetness grows in my panties and I feel more and more of it against my fingers as it soaks through my slip and miniskirt.

I’m peeing my panties! I’m peeing my panties! Please let me stop peeing my panties! I desperately dig into my miniskirt, slip and panties as hard as I can to. But I can't stop it and my pee keeps spurting into my panties.

The Class's POV

By know everybody is looking at her and just knows she has started peeing her panties. The teacher pauses but still hasn’t turned around. The boy next to her notices a wet spot forming around her hand, then a few seconds later the first splatter of pee landed on the floor.

Pindy's POV

I can’t stop it, I can’t stop it. I feel the warm wetness all though my panties, upper thighs and fingers . A long spurt that seems to last forever, floods though my panties, slip, miniskirt, squirting though my fingers, running down her thighs and splattering on the floor. Oh no! Oh no! I’m totally peeing my panties in front of everybody!

I totally break down in tears.

A second splatter . "Pindy, go to the girls room."

I started getting up, a long spurt of pee squirted out between my fingers. All I can do is just stood there bawling as pee squirts out through my fingers a few more times, runs down my legs and squirts out from under my miniskirt.

I need the girls room now! I just want to stop peeing my panties! Please let me stop peeing my panties! Long spurt after long spurt floods though my panties, slip, and miniskirt. I feel it run down my legs and hear it hit the floor. Its too late! Its too late!

Class POV

Some of the other students laughed. Some looked like they really feel for her.

The teacher sent her to the girls room alone. Her miniskirt, was totally soaked around her hand and the back of her mini was also soaked. She ran out the door in tears.

>>>Please check out my blog

At for more stories, discussions and surveys about girls peeing their panties in class

