The Heist

Author: Nimbus

*000*2014-05-10 05:19

Here is part one of a three part story. Not much to say, hope you enjoy:) Oh and for the record this is the pole dance routine that is used in this chapter.

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GWO1ooq-jMg?feature=oembed"

Vanilla. That’s how I decided to describe myself as I gazed at my reflection in the vanity mirror. I was more than aware that I was attractive. It was just that compared to the other strippers- excuse me- exotic dancers, I was just boring. I didn’t bear any tattoos or piercing. My hair was light brown, not the mysterious black or tantalizing blonde that the other strippers were blessed with. Hell, even my apparel was boring.

While most of my colleagues got sexy corsets and miniskirts to go with their g-strings I was the basic package: just a matching, beige pair of bra and panties. At least the color almost blended with my skin tone, which would gain a double take from some of the audience before they realized certain details were missing.

“Now introducing onto the stage, Rose!” There’s my cue. I allowed an alluring smile to slip onto my face as I trot to the purple curtains separating me from my audience. One deep breath and I pushed through said curtains and found myself out on the black reflective surface of the stage. My bare feet plodded along the stage, which jut out into the audience as I made my way to the silver pole at the far end.

My hips had a sinful sway to them as I closed in onto the pole. As I reached my destination a catchy pop song began to play. I stood on the left hand side of the pole as I face the end of the stage. I gave a sexy bite of the lip to the audience directly in front of me as my right hand reached up, caressing the cool metal pole till it was above my head at an angle.

With a baseball grip on the shaft I slowly bent my knees till I was sitting on my heels. Just as I hit the end of my descent my hips began to sway and I rose to my full height. I picked out the cutest guy before me and kept my sultry gaze fixated upon him. While keeping my left foot stationary, I rose the back of my right foot so that only the ball of the foot was planted on the ground and my right knee stuck out. I lowered the foot and repeated the movement with my left foot.

I repeated those steps twice more before I stepped back with my leg, stepping on the ball of my foot I raised my right foot a few inches above the ground before stepping back on it and kicking my left leg forward till my knee was level with my breasts. I swung my left leg back again, once again landing on the ball of the foot and pushed off into a spin with my right leg still planted on the stage, allowing it to glide across the surface till I was parallel with the stage.

I stayed in this position for only a fraction of a second as the moment of the spin brought my right leg off the stage and my left leg landed behind the pole. My right toes grazed the stage where I had started the routine for a moment before I swung it in an arc back around the pole as both hands gripped the pole once more and I was airborne till I touched down behind the pole once more. Keeping both hands on the pole I swung myself around the pole once more, this time my legs lightly wrapped around the shaft.

I made two full revolutions around the pole before I touched down with my back to the end of the stage. I rose up from my crouch, sticking my butt out as I did so, until I was at full height again. With one hand on the pole I swung around the pole clockwise till I was on the right side of it with my back against the shaft. With both hands on the pole barely above my head I spread my legs out, lowering myself till I was sitting on the ground with my legs open at an obtuse angle.

I planted my hands on my legs and leaned forward and swung my torso and head to the right and then to the left. I straightened my body and threw my hands up before bringing them down behind me. I brought my knees to my chest then kicked my left leg out almost like I was crab walking then did the same with my right. I then spun myself on my butt till I was facing the pole again.

I gripped the bar with both hands and pulled myself up, sticking my butt out again as I did so. I did I did a half spin this time, landing on my left leg on the left hand side I stepped to the front of the pull with my right foot, landing on the ball of the foot I kicked off. I swung my body around the pole with my left leg pointing out and my right leg bent back so my knee was only barely peaking above the thigh of my left leg.

I landed in front of the pole again in a squat so that I was sitting on my heels. I snapped my body up to full height and I moved clockwise with a long step of my right leg and then as it landed on the ground I swung myself into another spin around the pole with my body at a horizontal angle with the ground and both legs bent behind me, my right leg a little ahead of my left.

I landed on my left thigh and quickly picked myself back up and then took two long steps counter clockwise so that I was on the left side. Continuing counterclockwise I jumped into the air, swinging kicking both legs upwards as I made a full revolution and landed upright.

I kicked my left leg out, lowering myself as I did so. I did the same with my right leg and found myself lying on the ground. I brought my knees to my chest and stuck my legs into the air, with their toes pointed at the ceiling. I kept my shapely legs straight as I lowered them onto the ground. I rolled over onto my stomach immediately afterwards. I kept my shins and feet stationary as I bent my knees, sliding my torso across the ground as my butt rested on my heels.

I snapped my torso back upright and rose to my feet. I took long seductive steps back to the pole and regained my grip on it before immediately jumping into another revolution. My left leg hooked around the pole as I made one and a half revolutions. Once I landed I ran through almost a pull repeat of my routine till I ended on my last move by lowering my body to the floor and hanging my head as the music ended.

I waited a beat before grabbing the money that had been strewn on the stage during my performance. Not bad. I thought as I gathered my loot. I blew a few kisses before I left the stage. I didn’t have a whole lot of time to catch my breath before my manager caught me back stage.

“Hey rose, a customer asked for a private dance. She asked for you by name… uh your real name.”

A she? This type of place doesn’t really receive a whole lot of female customers, certainly none who actually know who I am. My eyes went wide. Oh God! It’s my mom. Oh God, oh God, oh God, oh God.

Thankfully, it wasn’t my mom. Instead it was a girl in her early twenties much like myself, except her hair was darker than mine and she had sparkling emerald eyes.

“Rose, huh? Maybe you should have dyed your hair red if you want to use a name like that.”

“I use red lipstick.” Was all I replied, I hadn’t taken more than a step into the room as I glared at my “customer”.

“And fingernail and toenail polish too. Subtle I guess. Although if you ask my, Nikki is already a stripper name.”

“I prefer to use an alias.” The last thing I need is for the same creeps that ogle at me here to find my home address. “What do you want, Miranda?”

“I wouldn’t mind a lap dance.” She gave one of her signature half smiles, something she used to let you know that she knew something you didn’t.

I sighed, but humored her. By no means did I give her my best effort, but she seem pleased as I went through the motions.

“Isn’t your top supposed to be off for this?”

My face burned, whether from anger or embarrassment I knew not. “Not for you.”

“Come on, Nikki. You wouldn’t want me to tell your manager on you, would you?”

I grit my teeth behind pursed lips but I slipped my fingers behind my back and let my bra fall to the floor.

“At least you have big boobs.” She smiled as she slid her fingertip across my left breath up to the nipple.

“Hands off,” I growled as I fought back the pleasure I got from her touch.

She simply raised both hands before here in a mocking gesture before sitting back. She seemed content to watch the show for a while until in the middle of it she fished a ten from her pockets and slipped it between the waist band of my panties.

“What is it that you want?” I demanded. This didn’t make sense to me. Miranda definitely wasn’t a lesbian, in fact as long as I’ve known her she didn’t seem to exhibit any sexual attraction at all. She was playing with me, trying to elicit a response from me.

“Fine, I guess I should talk. I want you for a little job.”

“I don’t do birthday parties.”

She gave a little laugh before she elaborated. “Nothing of this sort. Honestly, what I’m asking of you is something you’ve never done. I need you to help me rob a bank.”

I stopped dancing and stared at her. Only now did I realize that at some point she had slipped her hands around my waist. I ignored this detail. “What? Are you serious?”

“Keep your voice down, and if you would so kindly keep dancing I will explain.”

I took a breath but started dancing again, a little more distracted this time of course.

“I’ve been scouting out the Vine Street bank for a while now and I have enough information to stage the heist as early as Friday. All you have to do is show up for moral support, help carry some of the money and we can be in and out without a hitch. I’ll cut you thirty percent of the profits. I can’t tell you the exact amount but it will be enough to get you back to school you beautiful mind you.”

“B-back to school?”

“Isn’t that why strippers become strippers? To pay for school.” She asked, tilting her hair to the side.

I met her gaze, her face was unusually calm for someone who had suggested something so crazy. This “job” of hers was beyond dangerous but if anyone could pull it off it would be meticulous Miranda.

“Don’t worry-”

“I’m not worried!” I replied defensively.

“Nikki, you can read everything you are thinking in those baby blues of yours. Besides you are trembling.”

I realized she was right and no matter how hard I tried I couldn’t get my legs to stop shaking.

She placed one hand on my shoulder and used the other to raise my face so that our eyes met. “Relax, sweetheart, I have everything planned out. This can be your big chance. With me there is no risk and you know it. So what do you say? Partners?”

I nodded my head silently, unable to say anything. This was my chance to get out of this life and I wasn’t going to miss it.

Alright, for those of you who remember me I would just like to say "Hi." If you are curious about my absence well, I was going through a dark time. Fortunately, I am better now and more than ready to start writing for this site, again. Aside from this story I am also beginning two other on going stories.

*002*2014-05-10 17:55

{{: 

Alright, i'm really happy to see you back man!

Just curious, what other stories are you working on?

}}

Thank you, I'm glad to be back. Currently I am working on a batgirl/supergirl cross over series as well as an original fantasy series that takes place in modern day.

*003*2014-05-11 23:30

I hit a bit of a writer's block on my other story so I quickly churned this out. Sorry if it seems a bit rushed, I realized I don't know a whole lot about street racing:P

Ever tried to race with a full bladder? It doesn’t go over well. Of course it wasn’t until I slowly brought my car into position that I had even noticed my bladder was full. I simply passed the slight pressure off as butterflies in my stomach. Unfortunately for me, the only thing in my stomach was pee. A lot of pee.

I drummed my fingers on the wheel as I watched a girl swagger over to the front of both lines of cars and stand along the dotted line. I couldn’t help but notice her skimpy outfit, a pair of denim shorts so small that my panties seemed more modest, and her top showed off more cleavage than a playboy magazine. The most revealing thing I ever wore, on the other hand, were the black skinny jeans I wore to that very race. The tight pants were accompanied by a loose t-shirt and a pair of black sneakers.

A sudden twinge in my bladder brought my left hand into my crotch to alleviate some of the pressure my bladder was building up. This can’t lead to anything good. I decided. I almost considered dropping out of this race. After all, distracted driving was the most common cause of vehicular death. Still… I really needed the money and the race had already begun.

I was so caught up in my bodily need that I nearly missed the signal for the race to begin. All at once the six suped up hot rods took off in a din of revved engines that was so loud it was heard around the world. From the get-go I gunned my engine and despite nearly missing my cue I immediately took fourth place with only a short distance between myself and the car in front of me.

My white mustang GT purred as I guided it into a relatively sharp right turn as the race took to the main streets. The level of apprehension at the notion of being apprehended didn’t do anything to soothe my distended bladder. It didn’t help that I could feel the roar of the engine vibrate in my stomach. I had barely made any progress in the race and I was already gripping the steering wheel tight enough to turn my knuckles white.

Despite needing to pee I had already closed in to the red sports car in front of me. I rode its drift stream for a moment, waiting for it to pass up the SUV to its right before I shot past it and began to tail second place. I almost thought I would pass up another competitor when the two cars in front of me suddenly jerked to the right and the race moved onto another side street.

I swore loudly. How could I forget the lay out of the race? It didn’t matter. I was forced to ease onto my brakes to make the sharp turn. The sudden change in direction elicited another twinge from my bladder. I grit my teeth but ignored the feeling. All I could do was keep my thighs pressed tightly together. I didn’t want to risk crossing my legs and impede my ability to switch between the gas and brake.

While there weren’t many drivers out at 3 in the morning, there would be a few and I didn’t want to risk colliding with one of the nocturnal drivers because I needed to “potty”.

“You’re a big girl Chrissy, you can handle this.” I leaned forward somewhat to take a little more pressure off of my bladder.

My stomach was treated to that weird funny feeling as my car lurched down a short but steep hill and we merged onto yet another main road. This time I only had to let off the gas to make the turn. One my car was straightened up I gunned the engine and over took second place. I even put some distance between myself and the now third place vehicle by recklessly weaving between two vehicles that were in the adjacent lanes.

The sound of theirs horns faded as I sped away and chased after the elusive first place racer. My eyes zeroed in on their tail lights just moments before they made a sharp turn into a residential neighborhood. I followed suit and dropped twenty miles as I made sharp turn after sharp turn hoping that no family was taking a late night drive. Thankfully no such family existed and we remerged onto the highway.

The dull ache of my bladder now became a stabbing pain and my toes curled in my shoes as I gunned the gas. I had to shift my weight every few seconds to keep comfortable. Fortunately now the race was to get back to the starting point. “Almost done. Just. Hold. On.”

My breathing grew more erratic as I raced down the nearly empty highway, chasing after the pair of glaring red eyes that was my competition. The yellow street lights gave the white car in front of me a yellow hue, but I knew it was my white whale. “No. It’s not my white whale. It’s just another competitor about to eat my dust.” Despite the severe pain just above my waist I managed to smirk as I shot from the first place’s drift stream and passed it up.

One more sharp turn and the “finish line” was in sight. “Victory is mine.” I smirked again as I gunned the engine for everything it was worth. I was closing in, everything was going according to plan. Agony. Pure undiluted agony. That is what had replaced my bladder in that crucial moment. Suddenly the pain I had fought to ignore came back with a vengeance and despite my best effort I couldn’t ignore it. I couldn’t even stop a short gush of hot pee from escaping my body.

My car swerved to the right and I had to slam the brakes to keep from going on the curb. The moment passed and I was in control of my bladder, if only for another couple of minutes. Nevertheless I had wasted time. In the short while it took me to get back on track three cars sped past the finish line and I had finished fourth.

I brought my car to a halt with a far off expression. My eyelids felt heavy and tears blurred my vision. I was only faintly aware of the warmth that spread from my crotch. A hiss accompanied the golden liquid as I lost control of my bladder. A stream of urine soaked my seat and the fabric of my jeans clung even tighter to my thighs.

Within mere moments a puddle began to form beneath my butt and the contents of my bladder had barely begun to leave. Relief offered little compensation me as more and more of the hot pee sprayed out of my pee hole and saturated crotch before trickling down my taint with a teasing tickle.

As if bodily fluids escaping from one orifice weren’t enough, salty tears began to stream from my eyes and collect on my lips. I blinked away the tears as the golden flow from my bladder slowed to a trickle. My crotch glistened in the dim light cast from a distant street light, and no doubt the back of my pants shared this trait as well.

The puddle I rested in began to cool as it some of it seeped into my seat. Insult to injury. It took several deep breaths to keep me from sobbing as I tried to dab up the pool of now cold pee around my butt with a spare handkerchief I had around.

A sudden knock on the window made me jump. I turned, expecting to see the winning racer coming to get his winnings, instead I saw a fairly pretty girl whom I had never seen before. Blushing, I rolled down the window.

“Hello.” I mumbled awkwardly.

“Friday.”

“Um, excuse me?”

“On Friday I will rob a bank and you will be my getaway driver.” This innocent enough looking girl spoke with such a candor she might as well told me she was going to the grocery store. I blinked a couple times, not sure if I had heard her right.

“Are you serious?”

“Very. Now, I see it like this. You owe me for paying off your debt just now. You should be glad to repay me so soon, but not only will I call us even I will even cut you in for… let’s say twenty percent. This way we will both walk away from this experience happy.”

“You are talking about robbing a bank.” I blurted out. “I don’t even know your name.”

“My name is Miranda.” She sighed. “Just once I would like for someone to go along with my plans without questions. I do suppose, however, that this is a bit of a bombshell to drop on someone. Well here is the thing, everything is planned out. There is no risk, so you can just relax. Do you agree to my terms.”

This girl honestly didn’t seem to see the depth of what she was asking. “Why me?”

“Well truth be told, you should have won this race. Unfortunately it seems you had a bladder malfunction. Just make sure to go to the bathroom before the heist and everything will be fine. Do we have a deal?”

I stared at her for a moment. This was insane, but it did seem that I owed her money that I didn’t have. Besides, something about her seemed to give off a vibe that I should trust her. “I guess I don’t have much of a choice.”

“Not really, no. I will be in touch.”

“D-do you have my number?”

“Of course I do.” She gave me a cocky half smile before she walked off and disappeared into the night.

*004*2014-05-26 04:23

Finally done with this story line, hopefully by next weekend I will have the start to my newest story up.

Everything went so wrong so fast. I had to fight the urge to hyperventilate as I slowly felt myself lose control. The strap on my duffle bag dug into my shoulder from the weight of the money, though it felt more like the weight of the world. I caught sight of Nikki in my peripheral vision squirming in place, having already dropped her own bag on the ground.

“Stay still!” I ordered through grit teeth as I watched the red and blue lights flash across the windows from within the bank.

“Miranda… I have to pee.” She mumbled softly.

“I know. Everyone knows! You can’t even keep upright. How dare you show such a sign of weakness?” I had to ignore the fact that she dumbly used my first name, hopefully no one would catch on to it if I didn’t draw attention.

“I-I’m sorry.” She muttered with a hung head. Meanwhile her body was still bobbing as she moved from the ball of one foot to the next. Her gun hung limply in her right hand while her other hand buried itself in her crotch. Her tight jeans were dry thus far, but I doubted it would remain so. “Can… can I use the bathroom.”

From behind my ski mask I met her teary gaze with an icy glare. “No, you may not. You will remain here with me until we leave.”

“But we aren’t going to get to leave. The police are already here! Y-you said you had everything planned!” Her voice seemed to have grown shriller and shriller as the time moved on. Her immaculate posture that I had once admired was replaced by a slight hunch in her back that was made worse each time she doubled over. One time she remained bent at the waist for several seconds as she bobbed her but in the air.

“I did have everything planned. We should have had five more minutes than we did. Something went wrong, some officer went off schedule or something. I don’t fucking know!”

“Please!” This time it wasn’t Nikki who had addressed me. I turned to fine a concerned mother and daughter combo. I had almost expected the mom to chastise me for my language. “My daughter needs to use the bathroom.”

The daughter in question was on the chubby side and had blonde choppy hair that reached about to her shoulders and wore a hot pink skinny jeans and some sort of band t-shirt. She was amusingly cute in a scene sort of way, but from her position on the ground it was incredibly obvious she need to use the bathroom. The girl rested her crotch on her heels and trembled even worse than Nikki did. Her hands pinched the skin on her thighs so hard I was surprised she wasn’t bleeding.

“I will take her to the bathroom.” Nikki volunteered somewhat desperately. She tried to stand straight up with her legs pressed tightly together but her body was trembling violently and her free hand was still trying to hold back her urine flow.

“No you won’t.” I smirked. I turned to the girl. “Stand up.” I gestured with my gun. She reluctantly obliged. She was short, reaching only to my shoulders. “How old are you?”

“T-thirteen.” She whispered. The poor girl had slipped both her hands down her pants and still had to cross her legs.

“Oh my, that is much too old to wet yourself.” I said in a mocking voice. “Didn’t your mommy potty train you.”

“Y-yes. So why don’t you let me use the bathroom?” She sounded angry now even though she was about to cry.

“Don’t take that tone with me!” I snarled, shoving the barrel of my gun into her forehead.

Her face filled with utter terror but my eyes zeroed in to her lap. Sure enough a dark glistening patch seemingly appeared from nowhere and was accompanied by a faint hissing sound. I followed the wet patch as it expanded down both her legs, creeping from between her legs across the front of her shins. Her trail of urine became less visible as it rolled across her ankle and began to soak the inside of her sneakers. Pretty soon, however her shoes began to overfill and a puddle expanded from beneath her.

“What a shame kid.” I laughed.

“How dare you?” Her mother shouted. I simply pointed my gun at her.

“I will blow your brains out lady.” I shrugged with a monotone voice. “you can sit now, by the way.” I shoved the girl down into her own puddle.

My vision focused onto Nikki. Her knees were pressed against each other while her feet were spread apart. Her torso was hunched over and rapidly rose and fell from her desperate breaths. Her hand gripped the gun tight enough to turn her knuckles white and she tried to press the handle of the gun into her crotch to assist her other hands. That was safety hazard I noted. Strands of her brown hair began to peak from the eye hole of her hockey mask, obscuring her teary eyes.

“Do you want to follow her lead?”

“No…”

“Then stop! Stand up straight and help me think.”

“I-I can’t. Please Just let me use the restroom.” I strode over to her and pressed the barrel of the gun into her stomach.

“Piss yourself and get it over with.”

“N-no.”

“You don’t have a choice. I need a lackey that can focus.”

“No! I’m out. You are on your own.” She glared at me.

“Whatever then.” I growled as I drove the barrel of the gun into her stomach. Her gasp was music to my ears.

She stumbled back, and immediately lost control of her bladder. I found it more than amusing to watch her jeans go from dark blue to almost black. A stream of shimmering darkness snaked down her legs, leaving almost the entirety of her lap a darker color than the rest. A wall of urine fell between her thighs, cascading in gushes as most of the pee transferred to her right sight. The faux tears in her pants took on a yellow hue as she soaked herself.

About the time her flow reached her knees she seemed to stem the flow for a moment but gave in only seconds afterwards and the rest of her jeans took on a dark glistening appearance. A pale yellow puddle slowly grew beneath her feet and reflected her urine soaked legs. Finally she stopped wetting herself.

“Give me your duffle bag.” I demanded, suppressing a grin.

After a moment of hesitation she obliged. I hefted both bag over to the door way, making sure to stay out of the line of fire myself before heading back to the circle of hostages. Finally my phone went off.

“Dammit Chrissy, what took you so long?”

“I’m sorry. I-“

“It doesn’t matter now. I need you to pull up as close as you can.”

“How are you going to get to me?”

“I will take a hostage. Now get into position.” I hung up before she could reply.

My heart was pounding. What the hell was this? It took everything in me not to fall to the floor and hyperventilate. My chest felt tight and panic was swelling up within me. My palms were clammy. This never happened before! My hand swayed as I aim my gun at the closest hostage, a boy not much younger than myself.

“You, you’re coming with me.” I saw his face begin to hint at protest. I moved quicker than he could formulate a response. Dropping both duffle bags for the moment, The toe of my boot met his stomach and he ended up on his back. The muzzle of my gun pressed against his chest. “Don’t fucking argue.” My voice lost its signature monotone. Suddenly my voice trembled and had a slight ‘crazed’ sense to it.

Fortunately I didn’t have to do much more talking. The boy I threatened, who was dressed rather nicely for his age, stumbled to his feet. I pressed the gun to his skull as I stared out the window. Sure enough the red impala we had rented showed up. I didn’t waste any time on giving Nikki a chance to redeem herself. I heaved both duffle bags on to my shoulder and took my hostage as we marched to the car.

I barely acknowledged the police’s warning as I made my way to the car. I could only sense their frustration as I moved through their blockade and to my getaway car. As long as tall, dark and youthful was in my crosshairs I was free, just as long as I didn’t get close enough for them to try something stupid.

Sure enough I was at the getaway car when I felt a sense of apprehension. This felt too easy. I acknowledged the irony in the situation. Only moments ago I was stressing about how difficult a simple job had become and now I was stressing at the opposite. Nevertheless I opened the back door and tossed in the first duffel bag in the back seat while keeping my gun trained on the hostage. It was while I was loading the second bag that my suspicions were confirmed.

The idiot kid had the audacity the shove me. Momentarily losing my aim on him as I tried to catch my balance he took the opportunity to sprint off. I almost fired at him but I quickly realized the danger of the situation. There was nothing stopping them from firing on me. I dove into the back seat, pulling the door shut as I did so.

“Drive!” I yelled.

“Right.” Chrissy mumbled as she gunned the engine. I struggled to buckle myself as the car raced away from the crime scene. Perhaps we had gotten away after all… why weren’t the cops chasing us? What’s going on? Nothing. Calm down, Miranda. It’s a success. I didn’t believe a word of what I was telling myself, but I kept up the morale.

“Did Nikki stay back?”

“She betrayed us.” I growled.

“Oh.” There was something in her voice that didn’t seem right. Was it disappointment? No, then what-

“Are you kidding me?” I screamed. Just ahead of us was yet another blockade of police cruises, completely blocking our escape. “Turn around!”

Chrissy stopped the car, put it in park and removed the keys from ignition.

“What are you doing?” She remained silent. “Oh… Oh my god! You snitched on me! You set me up!”

“I’m sorry, Miranda. I… I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t commit the crime.”

The panic returned to me. I slammed the muzzle of my gun against Chrissy’s head. “Get out.”

“What?”

“Get out. I’m making a request.”

“Oh… Okay.”

I knew she thought I was insane. Maybe I was. Still, she got out. At least she can follow one command.

I followed her. My cocky smile returned as I imagined how the officers would meet my negotiations. How I would win. My pleasant thoughts were interrupted when Chrissy punched me. I was still halfway out of the car when her first was introduced to my face. The blow staggered me and before I could even fall on my butt Chrissy swatted the gun from my hand.

As I stared up at the one girl who foiled my plans I felt strangely warm. The warmth, however, only radiated from my lower bods. As my eyes lowered to the ground they noticed a glistening puddle that spread out beneath me. My jeans grew dark as they were soiled by urine.

I had completely lost control.

