Genshin Impact - The Mondstadt Cliffside Incident

Author: MasterXploder

*000*2020-11-19 22:32

The Mondstadt Cliffside Incident

Genshin Impact fanfiction by MasterXploder

(Note: This story follows the Omovember Day 19 prompt "Desperate and in need of assistance." It is also inspired by artwork, shown within the story.)

"Okay, just one camp left to go!"

Amber, the sole Outrider Knight of Mondstadt, hiked through the woods with a smile and confident stride. Today had been a long day of patrolling the city's perimeter, locating hilichurl camps, and bringing the pain to the savage creatures before they got too close and endangered innocent lives. No one could tell that from the pep in her step, however, still as full of energy as when she began her quest.

"That's a relief! Paimon was getting tired just watching you two do all that walking and fighting!" The fairy-like girl replied from behind as she floated alongside her traveler companion. He merely kept silent and stoic while he trailed behind.

"Heh heh, well hope you both still have some strength left, because I saved the toughest part for last!" Right as she said that, the woods ahead cleared up to reveal a tall cliff, where she turned and faced her friends with hands on her hips.

"Uh, Amber? Are you sure you went the right way?" asked Paimon. "I don't see a camp anywhere."

"That's because it's a good several dozen feet above our location." She lifted a finger upwards. "This last camp has a good view of the trail you'd normally take to get up this mountain, so they'd see us coming. That's why we're going to get the drop on them by climbing this wall and attacking from their blind spot. They'll never know what hit them!"

"Ohhhh," said Paimon as she looked up the side of the cliff. "That's actually a smart idea. Almost too smart. Are we really talking to Amber or a Fatui agent in disguise?"

That line stung a little, but Amber didn't show it. "Well, if I was a Fatui agent, would I know the perfect recipe for flame-cooked Paimon stew?"

"Hey, not you too! Paimon gets enough of that from him!" she whined, puffing her cheeks. "Well, I guess that's our Amber after all."

"Yep, one-hundred percent Outrider Amber, that's me! Now speaking of food, let's get up this cliff so we can smash these monsters and be home in time for dinner." Her award-winning grin faltered for a moment. "Now, uh, would you mind going first? You're our swordsman, after all. Need you up front so I can line my shots up just right.”

Paimon turned to the Traveler and said, "That, and she probably doesn't want you looking up at her heinie the whole way."

"L-less talking, more climbing!" said Amber, her cheeks turning as red as her clothes. Thankfully, they listened to her and walked past, beginning to scale the wall, or fly alongside for moral support in Paimon's case.

The moment they were no longer paying attention, Amber dropped her smile and placed a hand between her legs. As it turned out, Paimon was half right about having them go first. The other reason was so it'd be easier to hide her rapidly-growing problem.

In all her adventuring today, Amber had not stopped at all to squat behind a bush and relieve her aching bladder. How could she, though? The Traveler had been with her since morning, and she always had her reservations about even mentioning she had to pee around a boy. Not just that, but she was part of the Knights of Favonius! She couldn't let a little piddle keep her from protecting the people of Mondstadt.

She would hold it until they made it back to town, then beeline for the nearest public toilet and enjoy a well-deserved relieving squat for a job well done. That was the promise she made herself, and she was sticking to it no matter how full she got, and she was pretty darn full right now.

"Just one more camp, that's it. You can do this," she told herself in a whisper. Putting her smile back on, she approached the sheer rock wall, thankfully riddled enough to make climbing a breeze for a seasoned adventurer like her.

Staring at the cliff, Amber took a quick breath before jumping up and grabbing onto the wall, gripping hard and pressing her feet onto the rock with expert finesse.

"Eep!" Already, she had reason to doubt her previous confidence. The sudden jolts went straight to her bladder, creating enough painful pressure to make her wince and clench up for a good few seconds.

"Hey! You okay there?" yelled Paimon from above.

In a flash, Amber looked up and smiled, seeing the two looking down from a fair ways up already. "Y-yup! Better keep climbing, or I might beat you to the top."

The Traveler and Paimon merely shrugged and returned to climbing, letting Amber sigh and refocus on her current predicaments. This climb wasn't going to be as easy as she thought, but there was no turning back now. She'd grit her teeth and get through it.

And so, Amber began the long climb to the top, one limb at a time. She kept a steady pace so as to stay safe and not tax her bladder any further. This proved easier said than done, unfortunately. The cliff might have been scalable, but it was full of tough spots that required total concentration and limb strength to safely traverse. Moments like having to leap upwards to reach another hole to latch onto, splitting her legs across footholds far from each other, and using her momentum to swing onto another crag when her path became blocked. The wind along the cliffs proved a challenge as well. Not only did the gusts make climbing more difficult, but they kept her chilly, something that never mixed well with a full bladder.

These slowly but surely added up to a fatigue in all of her muscles, but especially the ones in her groin. With every shift and stop, the pressure only became stronger, robbing more of her focus and willpower. She tried, but her climbing speed inevitably slowed down, trailing behind her friends by a fair amount.

The more time passed, the less confident Amber became in her holding abilities. Doubtful thoughts entered her head, filling her with worry as to what she was going to do if she couldn’t make it back to Mondstadt… no, not even make it up the cliff before her bladder gave out on her. Still, she knew deep down that she couldn’t let it beat her. A true knight never gave up, no matter how hard the going got, or how badly she wanted to go for that matter.

Keep climbing, she kept reassuring herself, Keep going, don't stop, don't let it out, don't let it out, don't-

"Ah!"

Amber immediately locked in place. Despite her utmost efforts, her guard had wavered for just a moment, long enough to allow a good spurt to escape into her underwear, and possibly even her shorts. Amber thanked her fashion sense that they were dark and hard to see when wet.

But that was absolutely not what she needed to be thinking about right now. With her hold weaker than ever, she was totally on the brink of wetting herself. She needed to get off this cliff as soon as possible. To her dismay, a quick glance above and below showed her that wasn't going to happen. After all her climbing and struggling, she was only halfway up the mountain, too far up to safely drop to the ground yet still too far from the top that she had any hope of making it before the dam fully burst.

With that impossible, Amber thought of the only other thing she could do with the little time she had left: try and get her bottoms pulled down to safely let loose on the rock wall. It'd be embarrassing for sure, especially if her friends looked down, but not as bad as peeing her pants and giving the hilichurls a way to smell her coming. But that just wasn't possible, either. She could only use a single hand to undo her belt and zipper, then pull both her shorts and panties off, all while keeping a firm grip on the cliff to make sure she didn't fall off. Her glider would keep her from plummeting to her doom, but she absolutely would be causing a rainbow to appear from a little shower between her legs on the way down.

It just wasn't happening. No matter how she looked at it, there was no way out of the emergency situation she had created for herself. A shimmer grew in her eyes as the despair set in, knowing her reputation and underwear was about to be forever stained.

"Amber?"

"Wah!?" Amber nearly jumped all the way up the cliff in surprise. There was Paimon, floating right next to her with eyes full of concern.

"You doing okay?" she asked.

Amber was well past the point of keeping up her appearance. "N-no, I'm not!" she replied in a shaky voice. "I'm… I'm about to pee my pants!"

"Pee-pee? Oh no!" Paimon covered her mouth. Amber had a kindred spirit for how embarrassing such an act would be. "Is… is there anything I can do to help?"

"Uh, I…" As Amber fixated on Paimon's hands, she could practically feel the spark of inspiration in her brain. "Yes! I need you to pull my bottoms down!"

"Y-your bottoms!?" Now Paimon's face was as red as hers.

"I can't do it myself. You're my only hope!" Amber looked her right in the eyes. "Paimon, as an Outrider Knight, I ask to p-please help me out in my time of need!"

Paimon only hesitated for a moment before her brow furrowed in determination. "Leave it to me, Amber!" She quickly looked up and yelled "Hey! No peeking down here for a couple minutes!"

Eep, I forgot about him! Amber could only hope her friend would respect her privacy even now.

Paimon went straight to work, floating down to Amber's waist and getting her little hands around the bottom of her outfit. "How does Paimon get this off?"

"T-the buckle is on the side. You gotta unhook it, just… don't pull too hard!"

Mustering the last of her holding strength, Amber clenched down as Paimon's hands found and pulled on the loop. The extra squeeze was like agony on her bladder.

"Got it!" The tightness suddenly gave way to a bit of slack as Paimon unhooked the belt, letting the strap dangle in the air.

"O-okay! Now pull my shorts and underwear down together. Hurry!"

"On it!" Amber winced a little when she felt Paimon's fingers found their way inside her bottoms, the first person other than herself to handle them. Little by little, she could feel them peeling and sliding off, gradually exposing more bare skin to the four divine winds of Mondstadt.

Unfortunately, this seemed to make her bladder think it was about time to open up. Try as she might, Amber couldn't stop more little leaks from dribbling into her panties. She knew the flow was starting and wasn't going to stop until it was all empty.

"Okay! You're free to pee!" Paimon's words were music to Amber's ears. Looking down, she saw a good many things: her shorts pulled to her knees, a light stain in her drawers, and a trickle already falling straight down, further wetting her clothes.

"Aah!" She immediately went as low as she could, dropping her hands to a lower spot and thrusting her butt outwards so it hung beneath her knees.

She didn't even have to consciously let go in this position; the trickle rose and widened into a powerful stream, arcing forward and eventually striking the cliff wall where it ran down in several rivulets, all accompanied by a loud hiss from below. Though she couldn't see it, a rainbow eventually formed below her.

Art by an unknown artist whose pixiv account was deleted

Several seconds passed before Amber realized she was holding her breath, so she let out a good, long sigh. Not that her peeing felt particularly good after all that holding, but with all her strength put into keeping her on the cliff, she had none to keep any sort of chipper facade going.

"Th-thank you," she was able to mumble after a while, her stream remaining as strong as ever. She remained near motionless for what felt like forever, until her pee gradually petered out into mere drops falling off her rear. "Ugh, glad that's over."

"Paimon bets that's a load off your mind and bladder."

"Y-yeah, it is… wait." Amber remembered she wasn't alone for her pee time. "Please tell me you weren't watching while I… you know," she said with a grimace.

"Ew, Paimon is not into something like that!” she replied, crossing her arms. “But if you had to tinkle so bad, why didn’t you just go before we started climbing? Paimon could have kept watch for you, you know.”

“Right, about that…” Amber glanced away. “I should explain, but can we wait for a minute? My body’s getting pretty sore hanging like this.”

“Oh, good idea. There’s a spot up ahead that you could sit and rest at for a minute. I bet my friend would like a breather too, even if he doesn’t want to admit it.”

The thought of resting was far too alluring to resist, and Amber found herself smiling again for a moment. At least, until another gust of wind reminded her of something else to take care of first. “Um, but would you mind pulling my shorts back up?”

“Your shorts? But you haven’t wiped yet!” said Paimon dramatically.

“Considering how much I leaked, I don’t think it’s gonna matter all that much.”

“If you say so.” Paimon did as she was asked, pulling Amber’s shorts up just enough to regain her modesty, all while her face was uncomfortably close to the knight’s derriere. Amber cringed when she felt the gross and already-cooling wetness along her groin, making her wonder for a moment if this still technically counted as wetting herself.

Despite its grossness, she shook her head and tried to refocus on her goals. She absolutely had to see her quest through now, even if only to make up for this incident. Putting her determined face back on, Amber resumed her climb with a newfound passion born of embarrassment and retribution.

“I’m here for my report!” Amber strode into Acting Grand Master Jean’s office in the Knights of Favonius headquarters with her head held high and a confident smile, the setting sun giving an orange hue to the room. “The quest was a success. The hilichurls have been cleared away, and the citizens of Mondstadt can sleep easy again. All in a day’s work!” she continued with her hands proudly on her hips.

“Oh, Amber. I am… pleased to hear of this,” said Jean, her voice lacking its usual firmness and face full of hesitation, as though something were on her mind.

Amber titled her head. “Huh? Is something the matter, Master Jean?”

Jean seemed to be at a loss for words, a rarity for her. “Well, it actually has to do with your performance today.”

“My performance? Was I not efficient enough at clearing the camps?”

“No, you did well enough in that regard. Did you by chance scale a cliff east of the city today?”

Amber could feel a bead of sweat forming on her brow. “Er, yes. I had to catch the last camp by surprise. Why do you ask?”

“How shall I put this…” Jean put a hand to her chin. “It would seem one of the guards in the city towers claimed he saw something rather compromising through his telescope during his sweeps. Something I won't go into specifics about.”

“H-he did?” The proud grin Amber had moments ago was completely gone, now replaced with a panicked frown and reddening cheeks.

“Not only that, but it sounds like he bragged about it to a good many of his friends. It’s become quite a topic in the headquarters today. Even I heard of it in passing.” Jean looked at Amber and asked, “I wanted to ask you directly if there was any truth to his words.”

Amber didn’t need to speak, for the despair in her eyes said everything, but she tried anyway. “Ah, um, I… j-just remembered I haven’t done my evening patrols yet! I better get to that real quick. C-catch you later, Jean!”

“Amber?” asked Jean, but it was already too late. The girl had turned and bolted out of the office, running as fast as she could to get out of the building and city, doing her best to ignore the onlookers gazing at her the whole way through. She would not return to the city for several days.

(A/N: Hey, it's been a while! Over a year since my last story upload here. In truth, I returned to writing a couple months ago, but the stories I've written probably wouldn't fly well with the ToS, so they were uploaded elsewhere. No matter, the important thing is I've crawled out of whatever slump I was in and will hopefully keep this renewed writing drive going for a long time. Let's see if I can get any of these other Omovember prompts turned into stories. I won't be doing them in any particular order, but it's the thought that counts, right?)

