Life is Strange

Author: facade

*050*2016-07-11 01:52

I've made decent progress on it today, so it's coming soonish, hopefully.

$$

*053*2016-07-24 00:01

I'm really trudging through this part because it's so boring to write. I want to write more original stories instead of transcribing everything from the game to omorashi-ize the specific parts I thought it fits. I'm only finishing it because I want to tie up this loose end so I can go on to other things. Maybe I can do some one shot fanfic with Victoria.

Having said that, I'll probably just post what I have ready since I'm pretty much past anything omorashi. More details will be appended to the end of the next post which will contain the second, non finished part, but technically finished since I just don't have the desire to continue it.

*054*2016-07-24 00:17

Fuck it. :(

Needless to say, I feel a little self-conscious walking to my dorm building. I almost feel like I’m being stared at, but no one seems to be paying any attention to me. Being average looking has it’s perks, I guess. Most of the students are pre-occupied with other things; Trevor and his friends are skateboarding on the rails, Brooke is using her flying drone, Evan, another one of my photography classmates, sits at the picnic table going through his photo album. As much as I would love to stop and chat and try to make some friends, I have more pressing matters at hand right now.

My bag continues to cover my front to try to hide some damage as I try to walk casually, yet swiftly, to my dorm. Warren’s probably been texting me; I’ve been feeling the vibration from my phone since class ended, but I was too overwhelmed. I better respond before he blows up my phone.

10/07 4:21pm Warren: Hey Mx, can you get my flash drive?

I need some info. And space.

10/07 4:21pm Warren: Hullo?

10/07 4:22pm Max: Srry. Running late.

Insane day.

10/07 4:23pm Warren: Ill meet you in the lot.

Looking cool.

You'll see.

10/07 4:23pm Max: My camera will be ready.

See you shortly.

10/07 4:23pm Warren: I hope so.

I put my phone away, haphazardly stuffing it into my pocket as I walk down the steps leading to the dormitory. After making sure I’m still concealing myself, I take a look at my surroundings. Samuel, the maintenence man is raking leaves, Alyssa is sitting on a bench, nose deep in a book, and a couple of the jocks are throwing a football around. Then… oh god just what I needed, Victoria and her posse sitting on the steps of the dorms.

I approach them, hoping to get by without hassle. Like that would happen.

“Oh look, it's Max Caulfield. The selfie ho of blackwell.” Victoria scowled.

God dammit, I was almost home free. I sigh softly as she she stands up from her stoop and circles around me like a vulture over a dead carcass. I’m not getting out of this easily.

“What a lame gimmick. Even Mark --Mr. Jefferson-- Falls for your waif hipster bullshit.”

Only Victoria would use a word like ‘waif’, she’s so pretentious.

“‘The Daguerreian Process, sir!’ You could barely even say that.” Victoria stops back in front of me and stares me down like I’m lower than her, which of course she probably believes about most of the people who have the misfortune of crossing her path

“I guess you got your meds filled.” Her friends behind her giggle at her snarky remark as she sits back down on her throne, looking damn proud of herself after that ego boost. “Since you know all the answers, I guess you have to find another way into the dorm. We ain’t moving.”

“Oh look guys….” Victoria leans up a bit from the steps and focuses on my… shit.... “Little Miss Selfie is also Little Miss Pottypants.”

My face goes absolutely red and my heart sinks. I forgot that she would probably see my wet pants. Courtney, Taylor and her laugh and point at my crotch while I stand there awkwardly in place with my head lowered, pathetically re-covering my pants with my bag. I nearly start crying but manage to hold back the tears. Why this, why today? WHY in front of Victoria of all people?

“Oh wait, hold that pose.” Victoria pulls out her phone and snaps a shot of my humiliation. “So original. Don’t worry, Max, I’ll put a vintage filter before I post it all over social medias.” She leans back against the steps, basking in yet another victory against pitiful me.

I look up to her, saying nothing but hoping for some miracle to happen.

“Now, why don’t you go fuck your selfie?”

Oh yes, Victoria, I’ll get your boney ass out of my way. Now that they are completely ignoring me , I can figure a way out of this mess.

Looking around, the first thing I notice are the sprinklers. I bet Victoria would hate to have her expensive looking outfit soaked. Okay, now where exactly is the sprinkler valve? Samuel passes through my peripheral vision as he comes out of the maintenance closet at the end of the sidewalk; Of course, where else would it be? After he passes me I subtly yet swiftly make my way to the closet before stepping inside when no one is looking my way.

I spot the main sprinkler valve on the wall to my left: A blue box with a yellow lever. After I pull the lever all the way over, I walk back outside to where Victoria is. I sure hope this works. A few moments later, the water pressure increases and soaks her and her friends as well as the entire stairs. But mostly Victoria, who screams and immediately jumps away from the water.

“What the hell? Are you kidding? Look at this…”

“Chill, Victoria it’s just water--” says Courtney, attempting to defuse the issue.

“Yeah, water on my cashmere! Do you know how much this fucking outfit cost?” Victoria slaps her comforting hand away in a huff.

“You look… great.” Taylor pipes in, rather meekly.

“I can’t even chill on the steps.” Victoria complains, turning away whilst grumbling to herself.

Well that got them to stand up, but they’re still blocking my path.

“Do you understand english? Get lost.” Victoria barks at me.

At least she’s too pissed about her wet clothes to make fun of my wet clothes anymore. Maybe I can use this opportunity to test my new power out. I guess that might be the miracle I was hoping for, if I could just figure out what to do. Come on Max, think, think! I look up to see Samuel making his way to the scaffolding next to us, carrying a paint bucket full of white paint up with him. I get another idea: wet clothes plus white paint plus entitled bitch equals sweet, sweet justice for Max Caulfield.

First thing I need to do is… rewind. I still feel like a lunatic for attempting this even though it’s already worked twice. I’m not sure I’ll ever get used to this.

Holding out my hand, everything happens like it did in Jefferson’s class. Time goes backwards, Samuel walks back down the ladder, sets the paint can down and walks back into the closet. Victoria and her crew become unsoaked and sit back down as the water from the sprinklers goes back into the ground and the pressure normalises. I lower my hand and time resumes as normal.

Now that I’m out of his sight, I can break the handle on the paint can, so that it splashes all over Victoria when it falls.

Sorry Samuel, but this has to happen.

Crouching down into stealth mode, I snap the handle and quickly back away. Now I just need to wait for Samuel to leave the closet again. After he does, I skip back into the closet and immediately hit the lever. Victoria screams and her friends do what they did before. I peek out of the closet and watch my perfect plan unfold.

“What the hell? Are you kidding? Look at this…”

“Chill, Victoria it’s just water--” says Courtney, attempting to defuse the issue.

“Yeah, water on my cashmere! Do you know how much this fucking outfit cost?” Victoria slaps her comforting hand away in a huff.

“You look… great.” Taylor pipes in, rather meekly

“I can’t even chill on the steps.” Victoria complains, turning away whilst grumbling to herself.

Samuel carries the paint up the ladder, hooks it on the scaffolding behind him and…

POP goes the KraCAN! White paint splashes all over Victoria’s ‘cashmere’.

“No way! No fucking way!” She cries out, super pissed.

“You okay, Victoria?” Courtney reaches out to her, concerned.

Samuel gently makes his way down the ladder, looking almost pathetically apologetic. Poor guy.“Oh, Samuel is sorry. Wet paint is not good for hair. Nope, sorry--”

“Get the hell away from me, weirdo.” Victoria snaps,all but biting Samuel’s head off as he approaches her. Courtney waves her hand at him, shooing him away.

“Hold on, hold on, we’ll go get some towels… We’ll be right back.” Victoria slaps Courtney’s consoling hands away from her precious designer clothes that are now covered in paint.

“So, move your ass before I dry!” She barks as her two underappreciated groupies scurry back inside the dorm.

It worked! Don’t mess with Max, bitches! I smile as I walk back over to the steps to see her slumped over on the steps. She looks so depressed now. But she totes deserved it for being a bitch to me and everyone else too.

“Uh.. hey, Victoria.” I hesitantly greet her.

“What do you want, Max?” She snaps at me almost immediately.

I really shouldn’t be so mean to her. Even now when she deserves more. My only goal was to get by her and I’ve accomplished that.

“I am sorry. That’s an awesome cashmere coat.” I comfort her. She looks at me and relaxes her features a bit.

“It was… but there will be another.” She sighs softly, as if she’s slowly admitting defeat.

“Well, you always seem to know how to pick the right outfits.”

“I do have some talent. Mr Jefferson told me--” She leans back in a new confidence boost and plops her hands on her lap.

‘I’ve seen your pictures. You have a great eye. Richard Avedon-esque.” She looks up to me, slightly taken aback by my shower of compliments. I don’t think she knows how to deal with that. The only other people that are nice to her are her friends in the vortex club, and she treats them like trash too. But I saw a different side of Victoria today, a vulnerable side that I noticed from the moment I met back with her on the steps.

“He’s one of my heros.” Victoria’s eyes soften up as she looks up at me. “Thanks, Max.” She seems sincere. I don’t think even Victoria can fake that.

Did I really just bring the queen down from her throne? Maybe she’ll be nicer to me from now on.

“I hope those sluts get me a towel before they hang a sign on me.” Victoria looks up at me, maybe waiting for me to say something else. I stand awkwardly, not sure of what else to say. I notice my pants dried up quite a bit, but they were still chafing a little. She then pulls her phone back out and deletes the photo of me from earlier.

“You deserve a better shot. Sorry about blocking you and the… go fuck your selfie.”

“That was mean, but pretty funny.” I chuckle a little bit.

“And sorry for... making fun of you and your… well you know.” I look down in slight embarrassment at her near mention of my accident. “Just one of those days, you know?”

“I know exactly what you mean, Victoria. I’ll see you later.”

“Au revoir.” She scoots over, providing a straight path for me to walk.

I casually walk by her and into the dormitory, making my way directly to my room.

“Victoria is going to be pissed that we took so long.” Taylor says as her and Courtney run past me and out the door to save Victoria, brandishing a towel.

The hallway walls are filled with more Missing Rachel Amber posters and multiple flyers of student activities and various events going on around the town.. A lot of them I’m not really interested in except for a “Geek Grrls” book club. Could be fun, glad I’m not the only lonely nerd around. Toilet paper is strewn all over the floor. Looks like no one won this TP war. There’s nothing left but ghosts. Okay, enough distractions, I seriously need to change so I can face the rest of the day with at least some dignity.

Room 219, my room. I walk in and shut the door behind me. Home sweet home, my favorite cocoon. Now to get out of these uncomfortable clothes. I slip my shoes off first and then peel off my jeans and underwear before dropping them with the rest of my dirty clothes. After slipping on fresh pants, I go to grab my flash drive, but instead I find a note where I had left it.

“Hey girl, I borrowed your drive so I could watch some flix while I study. If you need it back just track me down in my room. - XOXO D.” Great, now I have to get the flash drive from Dana’s room. This day just keeps getting better and better, doesn’t it?

My bed looks so inviting right now. I lay down for a couple minutes to relax, letting my legs dangle off the side. A sigh of relief escapes me as I collect my thoughts. This day has been so bizarre and it feels like it’s gone on forever.. Maybe I’ll just wake up now and find out I was dreaming all of this… Or like Poe said, “A dream within a dream.”...

Okay, enough time wasting. Must get flash drive. I reluctantly force myself off my bed and leave my room for now. As I walk out into the hallway, I spot Juliet running out of Dana’s room and closing the door quickly behind her.

“You can’t get out now, Dana! So tell me the truth or rot in there!” Of course. Just when I need to get something from her too. Welcome to the real drama queens of Blackwell.

Dana is a cheerleader for the Blackwell Bigfoots, and loves to dance. Sometimes, I see her when I walk back to my room, dancing on her bed. I curiously but cautiously trot down to Juliet, who looks ready to throw down, violently texting on her cell phone and trying to call someone. Dana is furiously banging on her door from the inside, begging her to let her out.

“Hey, Juliet, is everything cool?” I meekly ask as Dana’s muffled voice pleads behind her.

“Let me out, Juliet, this is so stupid. I have to fucking pee.”

“Oh yes, Max, I’ve locked Dana in the room because we’re ‘cool.’” Juliet barks back in a snarky tone.

“What did she do?”

Dana pounds on the door again. “If you don’t let me out I swear…”

“What didn’t she do? Dana’s been sexting with my boyfriend.”

“Ouch. How’d you find out?”

“Uh, why do you care? Why are you even asking me?”

“You never talk, just zone out with your camera.”

“That’s why I’m talking to you now.”

“What’s my last name?”

Shit.. what was her name? I remember hearing it before but seriously can’t recall it right now.

“Juliet… Juliet... Olson.”

“That was truly sad. Thanks for your concern, ‘Max Caulfield.’ By the way, Juliet Watson.”

I stand there dumbfounded, but now that I know her name it’s time to rewind time and try to fix this mess. I hold my hand up and travel back to the beginning of our conversation, saying the same thing I said to her before and the conversation plays out exactly the same. I feel like I’m getting used to it.

“Hey, Juliet, is everything cool?”

“Oh yes, Max, I’ve locked Dana in the room because we’re ‘cool.’”

“Juliet Watson, you be nice!” I demand, feeling confident with my newly found info.

“I’m flattered, I didn’t think you knew my name at all.”

“Uh… of course I do.”

“Thanks... I locked Dana in, because she’s been sexting Zach, my boyfriend. Unbelievable.” She says while Dana pipes up again.

“If you don’t let me out, I’m going to piss myself!” Wowser, I hope she can get a break soon. Poor girl… I focus back on Juliet.

“How do you know?”

“Victoria Chase. You know her.”

“You could say that, but why would Dana go after your boyfriend?”

“According to Victoria, Dana would do anything to date a quarterback.”

“According to Victoria? Oh..” Of course she’s involved, this whole thing sounds super inky to me.

“She saw the sext, and Zachery won’t answer his phone. Once she admits it, she can go. Straight to hell.”

“Max, I swear I didn’t do ANYTHING! But I bet Victoria did. I know the proof is in her room!” Juliet’s prisoner seems to have noticed my presence from the other side of her cell. Good idea, I should go check out her lair to see what I can dig up.

I back away from the drama dorm and sneak into Victoria’s room, her door was left cracked open, almost like I was being invited in. Her room is so much more organised and cleaner than mine. A few art and photo posters hang on her walls, but nothing too crazy, unlike my crazy wall of a billion photos. The next thing I see is her laptop, lying open on her desk in front of me. I wonder what I can find on it.

After waking her laptop up, I see the internet browser open with a few tabs. Her facebook page is the first one, and I’m relieved to see nothing about me from today but instead an awesome picture of the school, complimented by a tree next to it. I’ll give Victoria props for not posting my photo… and for this nice shot. Her webmail is open on the next tab and after a quick search of “Juliet” I find one she sent to Taylor Christenson with the subject ‘bitch down!’

“Taylor, so sad to inform you that I totally punkd Juliet and Dana just now. All I had to do was mention to Juliet that I saw a nasty sext from Dana on Zach’s phone.

Dumb azz believed me and so I expect there to be a dorm rampage soon. Juliet deserves this for slutting Zach away from me. As for Dana -- who gives a shit?

Get out your popcorn.

XX

VC”

Boom, this is the email I need to show Juliet. I knew she set this whole thing up, she’s so jelly of anyone that can get what she can’t. Now I have to print this fast and get the hell out of here. After pressing ctrl + p, the page pops out of her printer across the room. I grab it and bail, returning to Juliet who’s still trying to call Zach. This better convince Juliet that Dana is innocent.

I stop in front of her and hand over the printed email.

“Juliet, read this.” I know it will probably make her feel like shit, but it has to be done. I can’t blame Juliet for thinking it was Dana, Victoria is a manipulative bitch. I probably would have been fooled too. She takes it and reads over it curiously.

“Of course...” Juliet frustratingly says as she furrows her eyebrows. Reluctantly, she unlocks Dana’s door and she walks out slowly with a disgruntled look about her face. Juliet covers her face, unable to even look at her right now.

“I’m an asshole, I’m sorry Dana.”

“You are, and I hope so. You really think I’d mess around with Zachary?” Juliet has her back against the wall as Dana scolds her.

“No! But I get stupid jealous.” She opens her eyes and turns her head to look at Dana, pleading for forgiveness. “I owe you dinner, still love me?”

“And you do my laundry.” Dana looks down at her pants and I follow her gaze. Her jeans are soaked all down her legs. Stupid me, I took too long. Too late to rewind now. Poor girl, I know how she feels. I look away to avoid staring.

“Oh my god, I am so sorry… really.” Juliet facepalms again after seeing what she put her through. “Thanks Max, you’re like the Blackwell ninja.” She exclaims while leaving the dorm. “Now let’s see what Zach has to say about Victoria.”

“You set me free! Thank you. Warren’s flash drive is on my desk.” Dana steps aside, leading me inside her room and I follow behind her. She lays a towel out across her bed and sits down on it.

Dana looks so bummed, yet relieved just sitting on her bed. I approach her, smiling gently.

“Seriously, thanks again. I can’t believe Juliet locked me inside my own room. Real mature.”

“Poor Juliet gets her rage on. I hope she doesn’t kill Victoria.”

“Zachery should worry too. As if I’d let that ego case jockstrap touch me.” Dana looks down at her bed while speaking. Even though it’s all silly high school drama, it’s still drama and I still feel bad for her. “But I bet Victoria would be all over that action… or has been.”

“I’m sorry you had to go through all this today, it’s been insane for me too.”

Dana sighs, relieved. “It’s okay, Max, thank you for being around today. If only I hadn’t peed myself like a little girl.”

“Don’t worry… I’m sure it happens to everyone at... some point.” I almost wanted to tell her I did the same thing just this morning, but I couldn’t muster up the confidence.

“Max, you’re smart to be a loner here. Though Warren obviously likes hanging with you.”

“What do you mean?” I probed, confused.

“When you opened the flash drive, didn’t you see the special folder called ‘Max?’”

“Yeah, okay. I gotcha.” I don’t know if like Warren like that, but that thought makes me go red in the face a little.

“Are you blushing? Ha! Go ahead and grab the flash drive whenever… I um…. need to change.”

I spot the flash drive, sitting and waiting for me on her desk. Grabbing it makes feel like I just completed an epic quest for a rare item and I have to suppress the urge to hold it above my head while humming a certain tune from a certain adventure game. Put it in your bag, dork.

After that, I smiled and waved goodbye, then left the dorms to find Warren.

###

Right, so only one omorashi part. I could have posted this a long time ago. The reason why I didn't is because I was going to finish out the entire chapter with one more minor scene from Chloe, as is outlined in the attached text file. I cut off the story in this post where Max leaves Dana's room. But in the text file you will see everything up to the mid part of Warren and Max's conversation in the parking lot, shortly before nathan would show up. After that is literally an outline of just bullet points roughly describing the rest of the episode as well as the part from Chloe. I was just going to have her pee a little bit after David hits her, from fear, but not a full wetting.There are some typed out dialogues scattered throughout it, but nothing really interesting. But I left it because why the fuck not.

Sorry for not finishing this and taking a year to post this shit. I suck. I'm honestly flabbergasted that this topic was still alive and there was a small handful of people still following it. . Hopefully I will stick to completely original works in the future.

Thanks to @KozmoFox for helping with editing and shit.

Lifeisstrange-Episode1Chrysalis.txt

*059*2016-08-03 18:28

{{On 7/31/2016 at 1:32 PM, KILLSWITCH64 said:

This was an amazing addition to an already really good story. It's a shame you don't have any desire to continue this, but I can totally understand after a year of working on this that you would just want to be done with it. Maybe sometime I'll try my hand at doing some Life is Strange omorashi (though i'm not sure since I've never actually tried to write any before). And for what it's worth, I think a one-off with Victoria would be great (though you may want to give it a little time before you do that so you don't feel sick of Life is Strange).

}}

I think it was the constant copy and pasting every line and action from the game, and I felt like I was hardly putting forth any creative effort that was so boring.

I'd definitely like to see more LiS omorashi fiction, I think you should give it a shot no matter how good you think it might be. Something with Victoria is something I might do, after I do something with Kate...

$$

*061*2016-08-21 23:39

It's beautiful, thank you.

*064*2016-08-22 14:43

{{39 minutes ago, Harris said:

I love Life is Strange, it is one of the few games that causes lots of different kinds of emotions. And so I enjoyed reading this story as well.

However, author's work clearly suffers from being confined to the script in two ways.

}}

Thank you for the critique. I agree it was indeed tedious. It was an experiment, I thought I would do every episode, but halfway though this, I was like... fuck this. Also I didn't even finish the first episode, I just had two parts and never finished it.

