Waking up

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-03-14 22:29

%Waking up.doc

%Waking up.xml

%Waking up.pdf

As promised, going to start saving all my work as all three types of text. This should make it easier for others to choose a format they read my work in.

First is word

Second is Web

Third is pdf

Not a full story, but just a description of one teenager's rough morning about to start

Waking up

The moon drifted over the night sky steadily if slowly while the occupants in the houses below slept through the night. The calm navy sky slowly began to pale as silhouettes of puffy masses started to slowly appear through celestrial heights.

Below, the streets started to become easier to make out, and some lights were popping on at various houses below, the yellow glowing windows contrasting against the gray and dim scene from place to place.

Through one attic window, the violet curtain closing out all brightness from the dimly improvised bedroom, cuddled down into the blankets of a double bed with a red comforter over the top, a young teenaged girl’s form slept one oblivious to her newly waking world.

A hot musty steam was trapped beneath though blankets with the girl, in but a few moments, the door was due to open. When that dreaded black silhouetted door would creek open, and the figure of a large frame would hide the hall light for moments before the adult stepped into the room, blinding the girl by flooding the room with its own light, the girl would have nowhere to hide or to turn to keep her secret.

A soft moan escaped from beneath the blankets as the young teenaged body started to stir moments before the door opened. The head of the bed, facing the window, would stir, the blankets slowly folded over away from the brownish-blond’s face, her hair splayed across the pillow. Tears stung her green eyes. She knew any minute, the door would open, and she’d have to explain herself yet again.

Beneath the red comforter, under the blue cotton blanket, and then the white top sheet, rested the girl’s teenage body clad in only a yellow nightshirt that was wet halfway up the back, and a pair of panties that were light blue at one time, but definitely darkened by the soaking in the night. Her bed had a big puddle beneath her, and though she hated lying there like that, as the sleeping world drifted away from her slowly alerted brain, she knew that it’d only make things worse if she looked as though she were awake and wet.

Nervously, her hand shaking, she brought it towards her mouth, placing her forefinger and middle finger in her mouth just to the first knuckle joint. The stench of her nightly perspiration and somewhat dehydrated pee caused her chest some pain as she breathed in the fumes. The girl watched the closed door waiting for her hell to begin. She was wet, and she knew she was in trouble.

*001*2011-03-20 04:18

%Chapter Two.pdf

After Nicole woke up wet...

