Irish's Bladder Holding

Author: RenaFetish

*000*2023-09-24 11:57

Victim: Irish

Culprit: Nethr

Before you read this: this Contians Omakyusai, and all characters are aged 18+

Irish And Nethr Were hanging out in the bathroom, they were talking for a while until Irish needs the bathroom.

Nethr: "Whats wrong Irish?"

Irish: "Nethr, I need the bathroom"

Nethr: "No, Can you hold it Please?"

Irish: "No, I have to go Really bad!"

Nethr: "Fine, I'll make you hold it"

Nethr Grabbed Irish And tied her up in the chair, making Irish's Bladder desperate. She needed the bathroom Really badly.

Nethr starts the timer for 1 Hour, She holded her bladder

20 minutes later...

39:12

Irish: "Come on... Come on..."

Nethr: "I know your obsessed with hyper, aren't you?"

Irish: "M- M- My Boy-"

Irish's Penis Leaked, She holded it

Irish: "Augh, Boyfriend?"

Nethr: "Yeah, I was talking about that."

30 Minutes later...

5:10

Irish Started Squrting and holded her penis, Nethr Felt like Irish needed to pee badly. He had to do this to Irish.

Irish Started to get desperate and hot after this.

1:14

Irish: "Oh.. no..."

Nethr: "Hehe..."

Irish: "Nethr.. this is bull crap! I want the bathroom!"

Nethr: "Only one minute left.."

Irish: "Ahh! I feel it coming!!"

0:05

Irish: "uhhh..."

0:00

Irish: "Finally!"

Nethr let Irish free and Irish runned to the bathroom

Irish Went to the toilet and whipped her penis out.

Irish: "Ahhhhhhhhhh...."

Irish Began to pee, She was desperate because nethr let her hold it for longer. Irish Peed for 2 minutes and she squirted. Irish Zipper it off and flushed it.

Irish it's feeling better from all of that peeing, She was feeling all of that Come out.

Nethr was happy and sorry for Irish. Let's not do that again..

