Futurama omorashi

Author: LoveToDance_22

*000*2013-03-09 16:54

Sorry about the wait guys! But im done now. Ah and i am making this a 3 part series so if you dont like this or simply want to make a request comment and tell me i love to hear your guys opinion. PS: I am not gay (No offence if you are) But if any Guys/Girls want me to make a male version i can try. So here it is my 145 lines of a masterpiece. Go easy this is my first story and thanks for reading mates!

~DAY 1~

GOOD NEWS EVERYONE -professor

Oh god..... -Leela

What is it? -Amy

You have to make a delivery to the toilet planet -professer

Awww professer do we have to? -Amy

Lets just go amy...... -Leela

*Amy and leela get on the planet express*

WAIT!!!!!! -Amy

What is it? -Leela

I have to make a quick "Pit stop" -Amy

Just go when we get there okay? -leela

Not like a have a choice...... *Frowning* -Amy

STARTING ENGINES! -Leela

*The ships thrusters explode into space and propells the ship far away*

DAMNIT FRY!!!! He must have been messing with it again. -Leela

*Amy has her hands on her crotch*

*She takes them off*

Woops...... -Amy

*Showing a small pee spot*

Wow amy you cant even hold your pee -Leela

IT SCARED ME *Crying a bit* -Amy

STOP YOU DAMN CRYING AND HELP ME YOU BIG BABY -Leela

OKAY JUST STOP YELLING *Sobbing* -Amy

(They are working on the ship for about an hour and amy has become REALLY desperate)

When are we gonna be done!? -Amy

Awwwww is wittle bitty amy gonna have an accident? -Leela

YES I AM ABOUT TO -Amy

*Leela bends over to grab a screwdriver*

WHATS THAT!? -Amy

Whats wha........ *Amy pulls leela's pants down to reveal a diaper*

OH MY GOD AND YOUR CALLING ME THE BABY????? -Amy

What? I had to go pee or i was gonna wet myself -Leela

You already peed in it? -Amy

No but im about to *Stands up* -Leela

NO YOUR NOT. I AM!! -Amy

*Amy grabs and un-does the diaper and tries to put it on*

OH NO YOU DONT -Leela

*Leela smacks the diaper and it goes flying out the window*

LOOK WHAT YOU DID -Amy

Lets just get this done. -Leela

*Leela puts on tight panties with flowers and pulls her pants up*

Shmeesh leela are'nt those pretty tight? -Amy

Yea well its all i have -Leela

*A drop of pee escapes into Leela's panties as she bends over*

SCREW THIS SHIP *Standing up* -Leela

*With her hand still on her crotch* HEY COME HERE I GOT SOMETHING -Amy

(Static........)

Hello? -Fry

HELP US FRY WERE AT TH... -Amy

(static)

NOOOOO WE LOST SIGNAL -Amy

I'm sure they can find us..... -Leela

I cant it much longer..... -Leela

Then why dont you just pee your pants? -Amy

*Leela's face turns red as she considers it* Well...... i dont think there gonna be able to get here till tommorow night.

*She presses her legs hard together* WAIT I KNOW WERE SOME DIAPERS ARE FROM WHEN WE WERE AT THE BABY PLANET! -Leela

But we only have 2 and they wont be here until at least 3 days -Amy

*Leela grabs her crotch hard* I HAVE TO GO NOW -Leela

*Amy unzips her pink suit takes off her blue panties and puts on a diaper*

Okay amy my turn..... -Leela

Nope! -Amy

What do you mean? -Leela

Get your own diapers. THESE ARE MINE *Zipping her suit back up* -Amy

I'M GONNA HAVE AN ACCIDENT!!!! -Leela

*A bit of pee goes into leela's panties and she gasp to stop it*

GAHHHHHHH -Amy

*She feels the diaper expand as the pee squirts out*

Seeing you pee makes me have to more *Still holding ctotch* -Leela

Just go!!!! *Sqeezes leela's stomach* -Amy

*This was too much for Leela to handle*

Woopssss.... *The pee overflows her panties and she notices how warm it feels as it goes down her legs.*

LOOK WHAT YOU DID!!!! -Leela

###

Make sure to leave suggestions!

Here is a picture of amy in a diaper for good mesure!

*002*2013-03-09 19:43

{{:

Ok for a first start, but it coudl use a bit more description.

}}

It was my first story mate.

*006*2013-03-10 12:41

{{:

Good, I just wanna know how there's an open window in space.

}}

Lol yea sorry i'll be more detailed on day 2 ;D

*011*2018-10-16 23:28

{{On 10/14/2018 at 3:40 PM, LucyDL said:

@LoveToDance_22

Can i clean up and finish this story if you are done with it? i see a lot of potential with this one, but it seems to have been dead for 5 years

}}

Oh yeah for sure please, I am almost embarrassed at how garbage this story is.

It's when I was first starting to write.

I would love to see what you do with it!

$

