The Curse?

Author: bedwetter4ever

*000*2023-06-02 02:44

I Don't want to give too much away but it's basically about a an accident prone girl and her bully switch bladder control. Their shared experience causing them to grow as people. Hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

Prologue

Emily and Dan were friends. That is to say they had been friends at one point in time, but now they were not. Growing up together they had known each other as far back as either could remember and even then some. Since their earliest days their friendship had been one defined by playful banter and good-natured teasing, and it seemed like wherever one went the other followed. Even as children the grownups who knew them would jokingly say they were like an old married couple.

However as they grew up a rift formed. The cause of this rift was an unlikely source, Emily's bladder. The development of Emily's bladder had always lagged behind the other kids. Out of all of her friends she was the last to be potty trained, and even then she wet the bed far into grade school. Even now she still had a plastic sheet on her bed, nighttime accidents weren't so frequent an occurrence that she still needed night diapers, but it also couldn't be said that she was reliably dry. During the day she had to go to the toilet far more often than her peers, and even then unknown to anyone but her family she had to wear protective pads in her underwear because she'd often have leaks and dribbles. For the otherwise strong and outgoing Emily these issues were a constant source of shame and humiliation.

@@Emily's constant trips to the bathroom annoyed Dan. Everytime she went to the bathroom they'd have to stop whatever game they were playing, or pause whatever movie they were watching while she attended to her needs. He was still too young to truly understand that the workings of her bladder could be different from his, and he felt like she was just being lazy. Whenever she would excuse herself, true to their relationship Dan would make some kind of joke or tease her. Dan didn't realize it but these comments about a subject Emily was already self-conscious and sensitive about really hurt her. One time on a particularly bad day where it seemed like Emily was stopping every few minutes to go to the bathroom Dan told her she should probably just wear diapers if she couldn't hold it. Emily didn't show it at the time but the comment felt like being hit in the face by a ton of bricks, and when she got home that day she cried into her pillow partially from her frustration with her body constantly betraying her, but also that her closest friend seemed to hate her because of it.

After that their relationship took a turn for the worse. Emily began to withdraw from their friendship becoming increasingly more distant. This caused Dan to joke and tease her more often unconsciously trying to provoke her to respond in kind and reestablish the previous rhythm of their relationship. But the comments only caused Emily to grow more distant. Feeling betrayed himself Dan began to feel angry, this anger seeped into his comments driving Emily even further away. This feedback loop tore their friendship apart until neither could stand the sight of the other.

Years later in highschool Emily still suffered from bladder problems. While she was better at dealing with and managing her symptoms when she was free to make her own decisions, during school hours when she had to depend on uncaring teachers who seemed to take each request to be excused as a threat to their authority for permission to use the bathroom, she found herself suffering more than ever. To make matters worse she found herself sharing several classes with Dan. True to form Dan continued with his unwelcome teasing and comments, it had become second nature to him, something he did without even realizing why, and nothing he ever stopped to think about the repercussions of.

1

Emily looked at the clock, how could there still be more than a half hour left. She leaned forward in her chair trying to relieve some of the pressure on her bladder but it only seemed to increase. She looked at the clock again just to be sure she had read it correctly, yes, more than a half hour left. Tentatively she raised her hand hoping Mrs. Johnson wouldn't make it an issue.

"Yes Emily?" Mrs. Johnson asked a hint of disapproval clearly in her voice. She could guess what Emily was going to ask. It seemed like she was always late, and constantly disrupting class asking to be excused to the restroom. As far as she was concerned, part of being an adult was learning how to orient your needs around the rest of the world instead of expecting the rest of the world to orient itself to your needs.

Emily gulped, "Excuse me, Mrs. Johnson, may I please go to the restroom?"

Mrs. Johnson rolled her eyes, her annoyance clear to the entire class. "You were already late to class Emily, you should have gone then.

But Emily had taken care of it then. Mrs. Johnson always lectured Emily when she asked for permission, so Emily made sure to use the restroom before her class. She'd sit there on the toilet trying to empty everything out just in case, most days that worked but sometimes it didn't.

"But…" Emily pleaded.

"It's almost lunch time, you can wait." Mrs. Johnson said in a tone of voice indicating that the conversation was over.

Feeling defeated Emily resigned herself to her fate, she'd just have to wait and bear it. As the minutes ticked by Emily found herself increasingly desperate she shifted uncomfortably in her seat, hoping the urge would subside, but it only got worse. Suddenly she was hit by a wave of desperation. She closed her eyes, turning all focus and attention away from anything that wasn't keeping her pants dry, but her bladder was weaker than her will, and she felt a trickle of wetness leak out of her. It spread into her panty liner, turning it warm and wet. Emily clamped down with all her might and regained control. She opened her eyes and looked at the clock. Barely less than twenty five minutes left. She felt her body give out again and even more of her flowed into the panty liner, she realized she wasn't going to make it.

She felt the warm wetness overwhelm the pad. Feeling the sensation of wet fabric around the edges. But it continued to spread out, pooling in her seat then flowing over the edge enveloping her legs and thighs. Emily couldn't believe what was happening, she'd wet herself before, but never like this and never at school, at least not since grade school. She wanted to cry but held back, with the pressure on her bladder relieved she could finally think. To her relief is seemed like nobody noticed, they were to busy focusing on Mrs. Johnson's lecture. She began to think maybe she could hide it, she was wearing dark pants, if nobody noticed by lunchtime she could stay seated until everyone was gone then sneak to the restroom. She always carried a clean pair of shorts in her backpack. She could clean herself up and nobody would know. She began to feel more hopeful, watching the clock her mood lifted with each minute that passed by.

But then it happened Emily watched in horror as Dan who sat in the seat in front of her suddenly turned around in his chair and leaned down as if trying to grab something.

Dan had accidentally knocked his pencil off his desk. As he leaned over to pick it up he noticed it was in a puddle. 'Clumsy Emily' he thought, she must have spilled a bottle of water or something. "You have an accident?" He teased then picked up his pencil. Immediately he heard a loud gasp from Emily, and noticed that the water that his pencil was in was warm. As he looked up and saw a pained expression on her face he understood everything and immediately regretted what he had done. Emily's mouth opened and then slammed shut. Dan wanted to apologize but didn't know what to say, by this time all eyes in the classroom were on the two of them.

Emily could hear her classmates giggling and snickering, instinctively she put her hands on her lap futilely trying to cover the mess. But it was too late they all knew what had happened. She just wanted to hide, wanted nobody to see her like this, but there was nothing she could do. Everyone was watching her.

"Is that true Emily?" Mrs. Johnson asked sternly.

All Emily could do was close her eyes and nod.

"Emily, you're a grown woman now. You can't be peeing yourself like a baby." The comment brought out a wave of laughter from her classmates. A wave of guilt washed over Dan as he watched the events he set in motion unfold. He never meant to hurt Emily like this. It had just been a joke, a stupid joke.

'Why can't anyone be nice to me,' Emily thought to herself. All she could do was stammer out an "I'm sorry." It was taking all her willpower not to cry. She was determined that they wouldn't have that, that Dan wouldn't get that satisfaction.

"It's almost lunch, go get yourself cleaned. If you need a spare set of pants I think the nurse has some, she can also call your parents if you need to be picked up." Mrs. Johnson said her voice softened a little.

Emily got out of her seat and stood up, now the whole class could see the damage. Even though she had worn dark pants it was still obvious. She moved through the classroom in a state of hyper awareness seeing the expressions of every one who was watching her, some were amused others confused, a couple actually looked concerned. As soon as she was out of the class she ran down the hall to the restroom. She knew that she was going to be the talk of the school, but she didn't want anyone else seeing her like this.

Later that day during another class they shared together Dan stopped in front of her desk. "Hey, I'm… I'm sorry." He sputtered. But Emily just glared back at him with a look he had never seen on her face. It was one of pure hatred, not knowing what to do he took his seat silently.

'Oh you're sorry?' Emily thought her embarrassment had given way to a cold dark hatred. 'You have no idea how sorry you're going to be.'

When Emily got home from school that day she stormed through the door, slamming it shut. Immediately she made her way down to the basement. You see, in addition to her bladder problems Emily had one additional secret. She had come from a very long and powerful line of witches and warlocks. Long ago when searching for a cure for her issues she had stumbled across one spell that could help but she never would have used it. Never that is until now. Entering the basement she snapped her fingers, the candles immediately began to flicker illuminating her surroundings. She walked over to the book shelf knowing the exact book she was looking for. She took it over to desk and flipped through it until she came to the spell.

It was a simple spell really, one that worked on the most fundamental principle of magic. "For everything that is taken something must be given, for everything that is given something else must be taken. The harmony of the universe is constant." Basically it was a spell that switched the bladder control of two people. 'Let's see how you like it Dan,' she thought. She read the instructions then quickly gathered the ingredients before her parents came home. She carefully took them up to her room. She needed one more thing to make the spell work, something of Dan's. But even then she knew exactly what she was going to use. She searched through the box of her old toys and belongings in her closet until she found it. A small key chain made of beads with her name spelled with a backwards E on it. When they were little kids her and Dan had each made one for the other. How ironic she thought that what had once been a gift of friendship was now going to be Dan's undoing.

That night as Emily's parents slept Emily cast a spell on her former friend, one that would change both their lives forever.

*001*2023-06-09 20:29

2

For the first week or so it was like nothing had happened. You see magic spells are not "magic," just like anything else they take time. But just like a ball that is dropped will fall to the ground, so too will a magic spell, one it's cast run its course. And soon enough Dan was feeling the effects, even if he had no idea as to the cause. It started small at first. Whereas he used to be able to go most of the day without using the restroom he found himself needing to go more and more often. Then the urges began coming on more suddenly and unexpectedly. He'd be waiting in line somewhere, or playing a video game then out of nowhere it would feel like somebody kicked him in the bladder. When this happened he had no choice but to stop whatever he was doing and rush to the nearest restroom. Sometimes when he got there and began peeing hardly anything came out. The worst was when he would get done peeing, leave the restroom, and then have to go again not ten minutes later.

And then the accidents started happening. They weren't big accidents, he didn't need diapers, but an urge would suddenly hit him and before he could clamp down, he'd feel a small trickle of urine escape into his underwear. When he would go to the restroom it seemed like each day he had less and less time to get from the door to the toilet before he began peeing, ready or not. Laughing, coughing, or sneezing all seemed to cause his once strong bladder to leak, and sometimes he'd even suddenly realize his underwear was damp and have no idea how it got that way.

For her part Emily was doing great. No longer having to constantly listen to the screams of her bladder she could focus on other things. And the thing she enjoyed focusing on the most at the moment was Dan. As Dan's bladder problems grew worse, Emily found herself reveling in every opportunity to tease him. Knowing exactly what he was going through meant that she knew exactly when and where to stick the knife. Others might not notice when Dan's face would turn red for no apparent reason, or he'd suddenly squirm in his seat but she did, and she made sure he knew that she noticed. Now that the tables had turned she loved being in the position of power.

One day in Mrs. Johnson's class Emily noticed as Dan began shaking a leg. He suddenly leaned forward in his chair and grabbed the sides of his desk so tightly his knuckles became white. Knowing what he was going through, a smile spread across Emily's face spanning from ear to ear. She leaned forward and whispered maliciously in his ear.

"Thirty minutes, think you can make it?" Then she slowly swished her water bottle. "Try not to get wet." She said with snear, then flicked some water onto the back of his neck.

When the bell rang he got up quick, tied his sweater around his waist then booked it out of class. Emily examined his seat, to her disappointment there wasn't a puddle, but it was definitely damp.

*002*2023-06-16 17:55

3

It was just a couple of minutes before the end of the period when Emily stepped out of the restroom. The halls were empty and quiet, quiet except for the sound of running footsteps. When she looked over to see what was going on she was greeted by the sight of Dan running towards her. She was about to ask what was going on when he froze in place a few feet in front of her. A look of panic crossed his face, and Emily instantly understood what was about to happen - he was on the verge of wetting himself.

As Dan was running he felt the first spurt of pee leak out of him and spread into his underwear. Usually when something like this happened it would just be a couple of drops and then he could stop the flow but this time was different, it was a full on stream. He stopped and grabbed his crotch with his hand and if he could stop it with that, but it just kept coming and he felt his hands getting wet. He tried squeezing his legs together as tight as he could, hoping that he could regain control but it was to no avail. The dam burst, and now the stream turned into a rapid. His underwear became so warm that he felt it was on fire. He looked down to survey the damage and saw a huge blossoming wet stain enveloping his crotch. As his pants were overwhelmed he heard a sound like rainfall as drops of urine fell freely to the floor. He felt a trail of wetness running down his legs, going all the way down to his feet. He felt the wetness entering his shoes and soak into his socks.

Emily felt like the stars had aligned as Dan's bladder gave out and emptied in front of her. She patiently watched as his face turned beat red, and a puddle formed below him. 'the only way this could be better,' she thought 'is if I had a camera right now.' After months of waiting she'd finally have her revenge. When it seemed like Dan was done peeing and he began checking himself out Emily confidentiality walked towards him. He was so engrossed in his accident that it seemed like he didn't even notice her presence. She cleared her throat loudly, and called out his name fully ready to gloat.

But then when she saw the terrified look in Dan's eyes a wave of empathy washed over her. She remembered all the emotions she felt the day she peed her pants at school, and couldn't bear the thought of heaping shame on anyone else, even if Dan had humiliated her in the past.

Determined to help, Emily approached Dan with a newfound sincerity in her voice, pushing her mischievous smile aside, she grabbed him by the arms and began pulling him towards the ladies' room. Dan resisted.

"Quick, before the bell rings hide in one of the stalls," she said gently, her tone filled with concern.

Dan's expression softened a little, turning to one of surprise and suspicion. He had fully expected her to make fun of him, to revel in his humiliation. But her words caught him off guard. There was something different in her tone, something genuine.

"Are you... Are you serious?" he asked, his voice laced with doubt. "You're not going to make fun of me?"

Emily shook her head. "I know what it feels like," she reassured him. "I couldn't do that, even to you. Just go into one of the stalls and wait for me. I'll come back after class starts."

By now they were in the ladies' room entrance. Dan hesitated, unsure whether he could trust Emily's unexpected offer of help. What if this was all just a trick? But deep down, he knew his choice was either to trust her or have everyone in the school find out.

With a mix of hesitation and hope, Dan entered one of the stalls, closing the door behind him. He tried to steady his racing heart as he waited, if he was found out here he wouldn't just be the pathetic kid who wet himself like a little child but the pervert who was found with wet pants hiding in the girls restroom. He heard a couple of girls come in and his heart stopped, but luckily after doing their business they left without incident. Finally after what seemed like an eternity the bell rang again signaling the beginning of class.

True to her word, Emily returned and made her way directly to the stall where Dan was anxiously waiting. "Dan, it's me," Emily spoke softly from outside the stall.

Dan tentatively opened the door, and peeked out to see Emily standing there. Relief washed over him, and he cautiously stepped out, leaving the safety of the stall behind.

"Thank you, Emily," Dan said, his voice a mixture of gratitude and shame. "I don't deserve this from you."

Emily and Dan stood there, their eyes instinctively drifting towards the dark stain on his pants. A large patch of pee spread out from his crotch and ran down his legs all the way to the floor. to anyone looking it would be obvious what had happened and there was nothing that could do to hide it. His pants were so sodden and wet that there wouldn't be any way to dry them. Dan shifted uncomfortably in his soiled clothes, actually aware of Emily's gaze. Even if she was here to help, having anyone see him like this left him feeling almost naked and vulnerable.

Emily spoke softly, piercing the silence that hung between them. "Do you have a spare set of clothes with you?" she asked.

His face reddened with embarrassment, "No, I don't." He admitted, "the only spare clothes I have are my gym clothes."

Emily nodded. "You should always have a spare pair just in case," she cautioned him matter of factly. "Where are they?"

"They're in a gym bag in my locker. Do you think you could get them for me?" Dan asked.

"Of course, just give me your key and I'll get them for you."

Dan reached into his pocket and pulled out the key. Luckily it had escaped the wetness, Dan would have died from embarrassment if he had to give her a pee soaked key. As he handed over the key Emily couldn't help but notice that attached was the keychain she had given him all those years ago. The counterpart to the one she had used to cast the curse.

For a moment she wondered why he had kept it, and then as she recalled their former friendship she felt a pang of guilt. But then she stuffed that guilt down. Dan had been so mean to her in the past, he deserved what was happening. If he wasn't being mean now it was only because he wasn't in a position to. Just because she wouldn't stoop to his level didn't mean what she did was wrong.

As Emily turned to leave to fetch Dan's gym clothes from his locker, he couldn't help but feel undeserving of Emily's kindness and assistance. He had teased and mocked her for so long, and now that the tables were turned she was showing care and understanding.

While Emily was away, Dan was left alone with his thoughts. He contemplated the person he had been to his former friend. He recognized that Emily's willingness to help, despite their history, was a reflection of her character, a kindness he hadn't fully appreciated before. At that moment he wasn't sure what he was more embarrassed about, wetting himself, or how he had treated Emily.

Emily returned, carrying his gym bag, and a sense of relief washed over Dan. "Thank you," he uttered, his voice sincere and filled with appreciation.

"You're welcome." Emily said, wondering to herself why she was even helping, knowing that as soon as she went to class the teacher would yell at her for being late. "Quickly get yourself changed and cleaned up, I'll stand watch to make sure nobody comes in. And with that Emily handed him the bag and headed outside.

As Dan changed he felt a gratitude towards Emily that he had never felt before. Leaving the bathroom he thanked her again, then scurried home ditching the rest of the day's classes.

*003*2023-06-30 16:59

To anyone reading this, sorry I didn't get a chance to post an update last week. Work has been pretty crazy, but I hope it settles down a little going forward.

4

During lunch Emily was sitting on a bench, deeply absorbed in the book she was reading when she heard a voice call out her name. When she looked up Dan was standing there, his face beet red.

As soon as Dan saw her looking at him he began speaking. "I just wanted to thank you for yesterday." He said, with a slight quiver in his voice. He hesitated a second and then continued. "I'd like to repay you in some way, could I maybe take you out to dinner sometime?"

Emily paused, setting her book down, she looked up at Dan thoughtfully. Normally she'd flat out refuse but she could see from his nervousness and the look in his eyes that he was clearly sincere.

Dan shifted uncomfortably under the weight of her gaze. He knew that she would probably refuse, and after how he treated her over the years he couldn't blame her. Still after she had treated with such kindness the other day, he had remembered all the good times they had once shared together. He wanted to try to make things right, even if didn't deserve it.

Finally Emily opened her mouth, Dan braced himself for rejection. "Dan, I did what I did yesterday because it was the right thing to do. I don't want you to feel obligated to repay me."

Dan's heart sank. "I understand," he said, and was about to turn around and leave her alone when she continued.

"But if you'd like to meet up sometime as friends, I'd be okay with that."

Dan felt a sense of relief wash over him. "Thank you Emily, I'd really appreciate that."

The two chatted a bit, then set up a time to meet up over that weekend before Dan rushed off to the restroom to relieve himself before class.

As their date approached, Dan couldn't help but feel a mix of excitement and apprehension. The thought of spending time with her again like in the old days made him feel excited, and yet the possibility of having another accident weighed heavily on his mind. Determined to be prepared, he decided to take proactive measures.

Dan headed to a local pharmacy, not so far away that it was a pain to get to, but also not close enough so that he would run to anyone he knew. Or so he hoped.

He got to the store at night, hoping the late hour would ensure it was mostly empty. The first thing upon entering was to do a quick walk around of the store to make sure there were no familiar faces. That confirmed he headed to the dreaded adult diapers section.

His heart sank when he saw that the aisle wasn't empty. A cute girl around his own age was busy stocking the shelves. He debated coming back when she was done when she turned and looked at him.

"Can I help you?" She asked cheerfully.

Dan felt all the blood rush to his face, and he realized he was blushing. "No, that's okay," he stammered out, his embarrassment fully evident in his voice.

"Okay," she answered nonchalantly then went back to the task at hand.

Having been spotted Dan figured it would be even weirder to leave and come back. He nervously scanned the shelves doing his best to ignore the worker. After what seemed like an eternity, but was really just less than a minute Dan found what he had come for. They weren't quite diapers, but we're sort of like a maxipad but for men. Recently the urge to pee just seemed to come on so suddenly, and sometimes he was already leaking by the time he made it to the restroom. Even things like laughing or coughing made him helplessly drip pee into his underwear. Luckily he hadn't had anymore full on accidents, but by the end of the day his underwear was often stained and damp. He'd take to wearing darker pants in hopes of hiding any dampness that might seep through, but he figured it would probably be best to have some added protection, even if it was a big blow to his ego.

Grabbing a pack he quickly left the aisle he hoped it was just his imagination but he swore he could feel the girl watching him, and he wondered what she must think of him. His heart raced with anxiety as he made his way to the checkout counter, his eyes glued to the entrance watching for anyone he might know.

His heart sank when he saw there was a line for the check out. He took his place behind a man, and when the man turned back to look at him Dan swore he could see the man snicker. Dan had no choice but to wait there holding the package of pads, exposed for the whole world to see.

Finally when it was his turn he placed the package on the counter. He couldn't help but feel self-conscious, convinced that the clerk knew they were for him. Trying to appear nonchalant, he avoided eye contact, hoping to get through the transaction swiftly.

As the cashier rang up the purchase, Dan couldn't shake the feeling of judgment. He imagined the clerk silently judging him, knowing the pads were for his own personal use. He tried to dismiss those thoughts, but the more he tried to push them out of his head the more he couldn't help thinking 'he knows, he knows you're a pathetic pants wetter, and even if he doesn't now he'll know when you come back and buy more. Everyone who works here is going to know you as the pathetic pants wetting boy who has to wear diapers, because that's what you are.'

"Would you like a bag?" The cashier finally asked.

"Yes please, paper." Once the pads were hidden in the paper bag Dan finally felt a sense of relief, now at least if somebody he knew came in they wouldn't know what he was buying.

Back at home, Dan retreated to his room, happy to finally have some privacy. He opened the package, unwrapped one of the pads and examined its design. It looked just like the period pads he had seen on the television except it was triangular in shape.

There was already a damp spot in his briefs so he slid them off and put on a new pair, then affixed the pad to his new pair using the adhesive side. It felt slightly stiff and uncomfortable but Dan assumed he'd get used to it in time.

He put on a pair of pants and looked at himself in the mirror. He had bought the thinnest pad he could find but still he could tell there was a slight bulge. But taking a deep breath he realized he could only see it because he was looking for it, and most people wouldn't notice. But even if they did it would be way less noticeable than a stain of urine on his pants. He couldn't say he didn't feel self conscious wearing them,

@@but he did feel a little better prepared to face Emily.

*004*2023-07-09 02:48

5

Dan and Emily sat next to each other in the dimly lit movie theater, their eyes firmly fixed to the screen. They had chosen to see a horror movie, one of those slasher films that were so popular at the moment. As the suspense reached its peak, a bone-chilling jump scare flashed across the screen instinctively she latched onto Dan's arm and squeezed tightly,seeking solace and protection.

Caught off guard by the sudden embrace, Dan's heart skipped a beat. He felt a mixture of surprise and delight as Emily's fingers clung tightly to him. He couldn't quite describe why, but it just felt nice being near her.

But however pleasant that sensation was there was an equal yet opposite sensation growing in his bladder. Even though Dan had been careful to drink from his cup of soda sparingly, what little he had drunk seemed to pass right through him. As the pressure in his bladder intensified, he was tempted to get up and use the restroom, but Emily clinging to him was so comforting that he didn't want to ruin the moment. Before long he could feel himself dribbling into his pad despite his best efforts to hold it in. Each spurt of pee caused a wave of panic to was over him as he struggled to maintain control. But at the same time he realized for the first time that the warm and wet sensation enveloping him actually really good. There was nothing to do now but wait for the end of the film and pray that the pads were as reliable as advertised.

The very moment the credits appeared on the screen Dan bolted out of his seat, making his way through the rows of people towards the nearest exit. His heart racing with anxiety, not knowing if he'd be able to make it to the toilet before losing all control.

As he rushed towards the restroom, his entire being was focused solely on maintaining. If he noticed the looks of surprise from other moviegoers as he hurried past them, he paid them no heed. Every step felt agonizingly long, and the moment he saw the entrance to the restroom his control began to slip. He felt one dribble, and then another leak out of him and he tried to bear down. The moment he passed through the entrance way the dribbles turned into a stream, feeling the wetness spread he knew if he only had moments before his pad would be overwhelmed. He ran into a stall not even bothering to close it. There was no time to fiddle around so he just pulled down his pants right as the floodgates opened. Not caring if anyone saw his bare ass he peed into the toilet with his pants down around his ankles.

Finally when it was all over and he was able to regain his senses he turned around and stuck his head out the stall. Luckily the room was empty. Pulling the door to the stall shut he sat down on the toilet to inspect the damage. Luckily the pad had contained most to it though it's usefulness was now finished, the thing was swollen to at least triple its original size and was noticeably heavier when he pulled it out of his underwear. His underwear had not survived unscathed, and there was a sizable damp patch around where the pad had been, although luckily it wasn't enough to soak through his pants. When he got up and pulled out his underwear it felt cold and clammy but that couldn't be helped. Not knowing what else to do he wrapped the pad in some toilet paper and tried to carry it discreetly as possible to the trash can by the sink. Throwing it in he instinctively covered it up with some paper towels, then washed his hands and exited the restroom.

As he stepped into the lobby he spotted Emily waiting patiently for him across from the restrooms.

"Are you okay?" she asked, when she noticed Dan approaching her.

"Yeah," he said, trying his best to sound normal, "But I think I'm going to have to call it a night."

"But I was hoping we could get coffee or something, did something happen," she said with a look of disappointment on her face. Then lowering her voice a little, she asked "Did you have another accident?" There was no hint of scorn, or sarcasm in her voice, only genuine concern.

Knowing that she had already figured things out Dan reasoned he should just be honest. "Not like last time, but yeah. I got these pads to put in your underwear, and it contained most of the damage, but I didn't think to bring a replacement. I'd like to get that coffee with you but I'm not sure I can make it through the rest of the night."

Emily's expression softened, and she reached out to gently touch Dan's arm. "I'm sorry" she said softly. "These things happen to everyone at some point or another."

"Don't be sorry, it's not like it's your fault." Dan responded, his eyes cast down. 'But it is my fault,' Emily thought to herself, as a stab of guilt pierced her heart.

Dan's shoulders relaxed as he took in Emily's understanding and kind words. Her reassurance eased the weight of his embarrassment, and he felt a renewed sense of gratitude for her patience.

"Well we should probably get going then," Dan finally spoke.

"Wait, I think I may have something that can help," she said gently. Digging into her purse before pulling out a small rectangle of yellow plastic. "I have one of my old pads with me, from when I was having problems. I know it's probably not ideal for a guy, but it should hold up for the rest of the evening..."

Dan's cheeks flushed with embarrassment. "But… those are for women," Dan blurted out.

"So? As long as it works, who cares. I'd really like to continue our evening, don't you?" Dan's hesitance began to melt away, sensing this Emily continued "I promise I won't tease you, or rather I'll tease you about anything but this." A devilish grin spread across her face.

It was the first time in a long time that Dan had seen that look come over her, and he remembered all the good times they used to have together. "Deal," he said, taking the pad from her, then he disappeared again into the restroom.

After a long and pleasant evening together spent catching up on old times the night was finally coming to a close. The pair stood in front of Emily's house. As their gazes met, there was an awkward atmosphere between the two of them. "So I guess this is it then." Dan said after an awkwardly long pause.

"I guess so." Emily said equally as nervous.

As she opened the door and was about to walk through, Dan called out, "wait." Not knowing what he was doing he slowly reached out and cupped Emily's cheek, his touch both gentle and tender. Emily's heart fluttered as their lips met in a sweet and lingering kiss. It was the first time either had done something like that.

As they parted, a soft smile graced Emily's lips, and she bid Dan goodnight. She watched him walk a mix of joy and uncertainty swirling within her.

Afterwards, going up to her room Emily found herself lost in a whirlwind of thoughts. She paced back and forth, contemplating whether or not to tell Dan about the spell she had cast. On one hand, honesty tugged at her heart, urging her to share the truth with him. But on the other hand, fear and uncertainty held her back.

Emily couldn't deny the enjoyment she found in being with Dan. Their connection felt real, and she was afraid that if the spell were to be reversed, he would revert to his old ways and resume teasing her. She couldn't bear that thought, especially not now.

The conflict within Emily intensified, tearing at her conscience. She understood the weight of her secret, the potential repercussions of withholding the truth. But she couldn't ignore the overwhelming desire to protect what they had built together.

In the end, Emily made a difficult choice. She decided to keep the spell a secret for now, to continue exploring their relationship before deciding anything for certain.

With a sigh, Emily pushed her doubts aside and allowed herself to bask in the joy and tenderness of their first kiss. For now, the spell remained her secret, a secret she hoped would fade into insignificance as their relationship evolved.

