Tales from enchancia (sofia the first)

Author: omofan77

*000*2014-04-13 03:10

In the middle of the night, Sofia awoke with a need to use the bathroom. She got out of bed and went into the hall. She still wasn't used to how big everything was in the castle, down to her bed. She knew the bathroom was somewhere close by, but she hadn't mastered navigating the hallways, especially in the dark of night. Which now could be a problem.

Walking up and down the hall, Sofia hadn't found a bathroom. Desperate, she ran further down the hall, but only got even more lost. As she paused, she felt an incredible wave of desperation. If she didn't do something, she knew she would wet herself. Noticing a tapestry in front of an alcove, Sofia ran behind it. Lifting her nightgown and pulling down her underwear, a stream of urine flowed onto the floor almost immediately. Sofia couldn't help but sigh with relief as she gave in to the full force of her stream now making a puddle around her. Finally, it slowed to soft dripping, then stopped.

Pulling her nightgown back on, Sofia walked back out into the hallway and found Amber standing nearby. An arkward pause, then Amber said. "You're far from your room. I'll take you back." Taking Sofia's arm, Amber led her back. "Amber?" asked Sofia, unsure of what to say. "Forget it," said Amber. "That tapestry's tacky anyway. I never liked it. Don't worry, I made sure no one was around."

"Why are you acting so nice after that?" asked Sofia. "We're sisters now, aren't we?" replied Amber. Then reverting to her usual self, she said, "Besides, it was better than your nightgown. Do you know how much went into making them? Also, the material is so delicate, stains would never come out so easily."

Saying good night at Sofia's room, Sofia went to bed and Amber went back to her room. Amber was curious what peeing somewhere like behind a tapestry would be like. Finding another one, she thought about trying it. As she peed behind it, she felt a kind of thrill of peeing in such a way. She might try something like it again, but wouldn't let anyone know.

The next day, Sofia's friends Jade and Ruby visited. Sofia told them about the night's events. All of them, even Sofia, found it humorous. This gave Jade and idea. After the others agreed, they went outside. Sofia, on the way, found Amber and invited her along. "We're princesses," said Amber. "We should act like it."

"It's ok to act normal sometimes and have fun," said Sofia. "You can join us anytime if you want."

Sofia, Jade, and Ruby went out to the garden. "After all," said Jade, "It's useful for everyone to learn, even princesses." The three girls then tried peeing on the plants. Amber watched from her window. She could have her own fun, she thought. But somehow, the thought of peeing in random places by herself didn't seem as fun as she watched the girls laughing and having fun together. "I can't believe I'm doing this," she said.

"Can I join?" Amber asked the girls. They welcomed her and taught Amber about peeing outside. Amber had to admit it was fun watering the plants like this with everyone else. She surprised everyone and herself when she asked, "What will you do if you can't find your way outside at night?"

"I guess there's the tapestry you don't like," said Sofia. "There must be other ways," said Ruby.

The four girls walked around the castle, looking for useful places. They decided on the bases of suits of armor, in alcoves, and any hidden spot. Each of the girls tried peeing a little in these places and found they hid someone well enough. Then Sofia came up with her own solution. "How are you going to make that work?" asked Jade when they gathered at Sofia's window. "I know," admitted Amber. She had tried it this morning and thought with a little practice, she and Sofia could become good it.

Sofia copied Amber in lifing their dresses, pulling their underwear down, an arching their pee out the window. It wasn't perfect, as both of them got a little wet. But it was a good attempt. "We want to try that," said Ruby. She and Jade took Sofia's and Amber's place and tried. Both also got a little wet, but both managed to get a lot out the window. "I guess you should just use the spots inside you're better at it," Amber told Sofia. "All four of us can practice together," said Sofia. Jade and Ruby eagerly agreed. "Fine," said Amber simply. "But don't tell anyone about this." At the end of the day, all four tried again with much better results.

One morning, Sofia and Amber walked outside. Passing by a fountain, they decided to see how good they've gotten. Standing in front of the fountain, both sisters let their pee arch over and into the water. "You can get it higher than me," observed Sofia. "I guess you've practiced a lot as well." Sofia increased her flow and manged to get it as high as Amber's. "I guess we're even," said Sofia.

Continuing their walk, Sofia said, "It's fun not to act so proper sometimes."

"It is," said Amber simply. She didn't want to admit it, but she didn't need to. Sofia understood and and understanding came between them. Then with a quick hug, the sisters walked on hand in hand.

