Life definitely IS strange

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-08-03 00:04

This is using characters from another favourite game of mine called Life is strange! A telltale game about a girl who can reverse time! Feel free to search more for context

Oh and uhh, definite smut warning for this one lmao, right after the line "a smirk spread across her face."

Max opened her dorm room with one hand, the other in her crotch, wearing nothing but a vest top and pjama shorts. Courtney and Taylor waited on either side of the corridor, watching Max lean over in desperation, leaning against the wall with a leg propped up. Their smirks said everything.

"Need a pee, Maxine?" Courtney giggled, tilting her head to the side and faux pouting at Max's crotch holding and bouncing.

"Looks like she's gonna BURST." Taylor called, cackling along. Max rolled her eyes and carried on waddling past them with her hand shoved between her legs. As she reached the girl's dorm bathroom, Max realised the girls weren't cackling for fun. Their queen bee, Victoria, was leaning against the door on the other side, stopping Max's release. In response, she freed a hand from her crossed legs, banging on the door.

"I swear to god, Victoria, I'm gonna pee on the floor if you don't let me in!" Max cried, bouncing up and down with a contorted face. With her hand still banging on the door, Max hung her head down in embarrassment as she realised her release was far away.

"Guess that's your problem then." More giggles from her possé in the corridor. Max's potty dance turned into a pretzeled, contorted mess, with her legs wrapping around each other and a hand gripping her pulsating pussy, her piss begging for a release. Once she realised she wasn't getting in, Max ran back down the corridor with her hands practically attached to her vagina, a lot of urgency in her step.

"Don't wet your panties, big girl!" Taylor cooed, her and Courtney pouting and mock crying. Max ignored them again, opening her dorm door and slamming it behind her. She moaned aloud before sliding onto the floor, her knees brought up to her chin. She kicked her feet, rapidly before rubbing her thighs together and twisting around on the floor with her hands squeezing her puffy pussy lips.

"Ugggh, fuck those bitches." Max swung her head back, resting it against the door. "How the hell am I meant to hold my piss for- O-oh my god!" Before she could finish her sentence, a few drops escaped her pee hole, creating no damage to her pjama shorts but a little bit of wetness in her panties.

After Max maintained her pee, she stood up and paced her room, one hand brushing through her recently cut bob and the other stuffed between her rubbing thighs. As thoughts clouded her mind, Max realised her only plan was getting her...friend, Warren, to bring her something to pee in. With much urgency, she swiped her flip phone from her desk, flipping it open and punching in a demanding text.

From Max, To Warren:

Hey! Uhh...okay so Victoria and her circus have locked me out of the bathroom and I really need to pee! Can you please bring me something to piss in? I got nothing 😛

From Warren, To Max:

Oh uh yeah! If my science is correct, a young lady like yourself shouldn't be holding anymore pee than what my tupperware could hold! Omw 😉

Max sighed in relief, her scientific toy boy was always on the other side of campus with her release. As she waited with anticipation, her desperation only grew to high levels, resulting in her only being able to move on the spot she was standing. She bounced on the spot with her hands clawing at her quivering pussy, her face squeezed into an unrecognisable expression.

After so many minutes, Max could feel her piss dripping into her panties, about to burst into a full stream, but a knock on her door only meant release!

"H-hey Max! I got the tupperware for your...um...lunch!" Warren called out from the other side of the door.

"J-just let yourself in!" Max responded, a little quieter out of urgency for her predicament. Warren walked in, not expecting the sight infront of him. He dropped the tupperware in surprise, his jaw dropping and a blush spreading across his face. He could feel his hard on growing.

"Oh um...d-do you want me to-"

"JUST- come over, please? I...can't move." Max whined, bending over and holding herself with much force.

Warren understood the assignment and instantly picked up the tupperware, ripping off the lid and discarding it to one side. He held it out to Max with a tight smile on his face.

"Can you...pull down my..."

"O-oh!" Warren's face grew hotter at the minute, realising he would have to see his crushes vulva. "Okay. S-sure!"

As he slowly walked over, observing Max's contorted body, he pulled her upwards by her elbows, leaning her into him. She sniffled, crying slightly from the pain. Warren removed Max's tight grip from her pulsating pussy and slowly pulled down her panties. With no warning, Max's stream began before the tupperware was beneath her, making Warren rapidly hold it beneath her. Max leaned back into Warren's skinny frame, moaning loudly for everyone in the dorms to hear, so distracted from the relief that she couldn't even feel Warren's full hard on against her back. The stream lasted a whole minute, filling the rectangular, clear, plastic tupperware to the brim. With care, Warren clipped the lid back onto the top of the tupperware before setting it on Max's bedside table, his eyes laid on her pulsating pussy.

"Thanks. I really needed that." Max laughed, although it stopped when she noticed the hard on in Warren's grey joggers, a smirk spread across her face.

"U-uh I should go...I might get cau-" Before Warren could finish his sentence, Max placed her hand on Warren's clothed hard on, massaging it slowly. She remained eye contact with him until they started to strip their clothes, throwing them onto the floor with urgency. Max climbed onto of Warren, grinding her already wet pussy against his average sized member. They moaned quietly, eyes closed and breath hitching.

Warren placed his hands on Max's hips as she lowered her vagina onto his now protected cock, sliding it into her with care. As she felt the discomfort turn into pleasure, she began to slowly rock her hips back and forth, feeling his cock inside of her. Warren leaned his head back into the pillows behind him, smiling with his eyes wired shut as quiet moans left his mouth. Max began moving quicker, her hips moving in circular motion a few times before she bounced on his cock then repeating the cycle.

Warren sat up, kissing Max on her soft, thin lips, his hands still on her hips. He began thrusting his hips, his cock sliding in and out of Max's now soaked pussy. Max swung her head back, her arms wrapped around Warren's neck, grinding her clit against her lower stomach. As the two felt their climaxes build, Warren swung Max around, pinning her down to the bed and thrusting even quicker. Their moans became even louder, their breathing became heavier. Before they let out anymore moans, they reached climax, Warren collapsing on top of Max with heavy breathing.

"I-I gotta say, I kinda don't hate Victoria anymore." Max giggled, Warren following along before kissing Max on the forehead and falling asleep in her bed with her.

😉 Hope y'all enjoyed!

*001*2023-08-04 22:10

Here's an unnecessary part 2 as my account is dying atp!

Smut warning at "Max walked back to her dorm..."

Max wanted her revenge on Victoria. Bad. The fucking bitch got her "crew" to record her near pissing herself outside of the bathrooms. She couldn't even go to classes anymore without someone chanting "Pissy Caufield" or laughing in her face. Warren, Kate and Chloe had her back but she wanted Victoria to feel the exact same way. She wanted everyone to forget that it had even happened to her.

What Max had found out was that every Thursday, Victoria had a 3 hour class and would always rush to the bathrooms to let go of all that piss she holds during the class. People would often see her squirm in her seat, a hand dug in between her thighs to hold back that 3 hour wait. Max skipped her 3rd period for the set up, waiting with anticipation for her nemesis to burst out of the doors. As the minutes went by, Max locked all the stalls, climbing out of each one, waiting by the sinks to watch Victoria burst.

Eventually, the bell rang, signalling Max to turn her excitement into concentration, as she whipped out her phone to record the moment. To no surprise, Victoria burst through the bathroom door, doubled over with a hand clamping her crotch. She knocked on every door, whimpering from the desperation.

"Need a pee pee, Vicki?" Max laughed, from behind her now recording phone. Victoria whipped her head round, displaying a face of anger as she walked on the spot, now two hands in her crotch.

"Max?! W-what are you doing? Stop recording me!" Victoria's face contorted in the pressure, her legs pretzeled around each other, just like Max's on that fateful day.

"Aw...does baby need to pee?"

"Max, I swear to God, if you don't open that fucking door, I'm gonna pee everywhere!" Vic squeaked out the last word before doubling over and gripping her quivering pussy from above her skirt, her legs rubbing together. Max held up her phone, recording the mess infront of her and giggling in joy. The moment went on for way too long. Max recording and Victoria squirming around like an untangled mess, biting her lip and looking anywhere else but the phone. She trembled and whimpered, wriggling her hips from side to side in an attempt to hold back her coffee and 2 waters.

Before Max could open her mouth, Victoria gasped, clawing away at her pussy to stop her leaking. A few drops of piss rolled down her exposed, waxed legs, resulting in Victoria bouncing on the spot a few times before doubling over, moving her hips in circular motions.

"What's the matter, Victoria? Gonna give up?" Max laughed, feeling no guilt to the humiliation from before. Victoria was a mess, constantly bouncing and doubling over and bouncing and doubling over. She found herself running out of the bathroom, both hands still attached to her vulva. Max stopped recording her humiliation film and followed her out, watching in pure bliss as everyone directed their attentions to a squirming Victoria in the middle of the hallway. Everyone laughed and hollered, people shouting out vulgar and rude remarks.

"Vickie can pee on this wang!"

"Ooo, you gonna pee your pants, baby?"

"Fucking gross!"

"Pull your skirt down, I wanna see!"

Max enjoyed the sight of Victoria slowly waddling down the hallway, doubling over in intervals, it almost made her feel bad. Almost. She followed Victoria to outside, where their school fountain shot out spurts of water, it dribbled down into the base, ready to be shot back out once again.

"Hear it, Vickie? Hear that juicy water flow from the fountain~" Max cooed, watching Victoria wriggle around on the steps leading to the fountain, darting her head in panic to find anywhere to relief her full bladder. She waddled on, running to the patch of grass on their beautiful campus, ready to cover it in her juicy piss. The girl clawed and pulled at her panties to move them to the side, her piss shooting out before they could even get off. Victoria bucked her hips, showing off her waxed vulva and long stretch of piss, moaning aloud as relief set in. Max could feel her panties become wet as she whipped out her phone and recorded the beautiful moment infront of her. The stream lasted 2 whole minutes, it's pitter patter on the grass echoing around, getting everyone's attention. Well, it was probably Victoria's cunt.

Max walked back to her dorm, ignoring Victoria's cries aloud from embarrassment, a large wetness in her panties. As she entered her dorm room, she sat in her desk with speed, flipping open her laptop. With haste, Max uploaded the videos on her Facebook page, smirking with mischief. She found her hand down her panties, fondling herself slowly, swinging her head back in pleasure. The videos and photos of Victoria's pussy on show sent Max's feelings of pleasure into overdrive. Her hand moved around in haste, rubbing her clit in circular motion, sending shivers up her spine. All of her thoughts left her brain, she could only think about Victoria's gorgeous pussy and wanting to lick it dry. With all of her strength, she reached her climax, moaning and whimpering loudly, before smiling and walking away from her buzzing phone.

*004*2023-08-05 12:55

{{13 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Great story! I'd love to see you do a fic about female Alex from True Colors as well.

}}

Oh yes! I love True Colours! I'll do that definitely

{{1 hour ago, bangboom said:

Very happy to see more writing from you!!

}}

Thank you!

That's very kind of you 🙂

*005*2023-08-05 13:45

This story is about Life Is Strange True Colours, so there are some character changes, but I'm putting it all together as they're all apart of one game franchise!

Smut warning at "With a few attempts..."

Alex was bored, her small town could only please her for so long, so she went to the other side of town to take her mind off of things. Suddenly, she got the idea to go back to the caves, despite everything that had happened that year with Typhon and her brother. She just wanted to feel closer to him. With a 30 minute walk, she was there, climbing over the larger rocks that stood in her way to get through the entrance.

Alex took in the views of the lit up caverns, the glowing ember in torches lined up along the walls. Without realising, she had lost her footing, almost tripping down the hole below.

"Woah! Shit...that could've ended badly." Alex laughed to herself, getting closer to the entrance of the cavernous opening in the cave's ground. The darkness consumed the space, nothing was viewable from above the-

"AHHHHH! SHIT!" The floor beneath Alex crumbled under her, leaving the top half of her body sticking up like a weed in a garden, her bottom half kicking for freedom. She was stuck. With no one to help her. And she had to pee really badly!

Minutes went by and Alex sighed, wriggling her legs around in an attempt to escape. Her thighs rubbed against each other to hold back her full bladder. Alex's face contorted as the piss sloshed around in her bladder, her hips slowly moving from side to side as her legs pretzeled themselves around each other.

"Ah! I-It really hurts.." Alex winced from the twinges of desperation. As her thoughts clouded her brain, she could only whimper and writhe from the pain and pressure. Whilst she tried and failed to escape from the hole, Alex released a hand from the cave's grasp, shoving it into her crotch. The feeling of desperation subsided slightly, but it still made Alex wriggle her hips to hold it back, massaging her crotch through her jeans.

Another 10 minutes went past and Alex's pussy gripping technique wasn't even helping her anymore, the piss pressed against her urethra, begging to be released. Alex kicked her legs, rubbing her thighs together to press her pussy lips together, just anything to hold back the dam. With much surprise, a leak of piss dribbled out of her pee hole, making Alex squeal and kick faster, her hand slapping and rubbing her crotch to stop anymore from coming out. Suddenly, Alex could hear a voice coming from below her and a light cascading its shine to reveal more carts and tracks and ore. This was her escape! Her and her bladder could finally find sweet relief.

"HELLO?! Someone?! Help!" Alex called out to below, seeing nothing but her wriggling, trembling body.

"O-oh, yes miss? I'm here, let me come an- Wooooah sweet Jesus, you fell oh my god." A miner! Alex forgot that they came to fix the cave on weekends.

"Y-yeah, I was just exploring and I...fell." Alex hesitated. "I-I also really need the toilet." Silence from the man below, followed by a few throat clearances and shuffling around.

"O-oh um...hold on! Two seconds, miss!"

"H-hurryyyyy...I'm gonna burst soon." Alex could only hear fading footsteps and the sounds of urgent searching. Her piss sloshed around much more than before, her hand pressing against her piss hole with much force. Her legs couldn't be wrapped around each other tighter, they were practically attached in a pretzeled mess. After a couple of minutes of anticipated waiting, the miner man came jogging back with a small ladder and bucket.

"H-here miss! I won't look whilst you do your thing, then I'll let you out, okay?" He bellowed. Alex realised that her relief couldn't be achieved yet. Not with her jeans still on.

"U-um...I have jeans on. C-can you pull them down?" Alex stuttered in fear of the man running away in fear, but he stayed. He slowly climbed up the ladder, his eyes laid on Alex's overflowing bladder hanging out above her jeans, her bra on show from her shirt being shuffled up from the hole. He gulped back the lump in his throat, slowly undoing the button and zip. Alex wriggled around, leaking a little more from the man's touch, making his job so much more difficult.

After a lot of wriggling and crotch holding from Alex, the miner was able to shuffle her jeans down, leaving him face to face with her panties barely covering her puffy pussy. He gulped one last time before slowly moving Alex's hand from her crotch and pulling her panties down. Alex could feel his warm breath on her quivering pussy, sending shivers down her spine, her thighs squishing her pussy lips, rubbing together to release some tension.

"C-can I go now? Please?" Alex whined, her face contorted from the cold and pain.

"O-oh um yeah...here." The man held the bucket underneath Alex's squirming bottom half, giving her a signal to release her bladder. As soon as Alex moved her hand that was pressed against her quivering pussy, her stream let loose, pitter pattering into the bucket. The only sounds echoing around the cave was the hissing and tinkering of Alex's stream flowing into the bucket. The miner tried to look away out of respect, but couldn't help laying his eyes on this beautiful vulva right infront of him, the slight coverage of hair all over the lips, the labia puffing in and out as the stream tinkled out of Alex's urethra. He bit his lip, listening to the piss and Alex's moans as she threw her head back in relief.

What felt like an eternity finally ended and Alex's relief was over, the tingling sensation of her bladder calming down. As the miner placed the bucket down on the floor, his eyes still laid on Alex's pussy, taking in the beautiful view that he would never usually see.

"Can you let me out now? I think you've stared at my vagina long enough, man."

"Y-yeah, in a sec." The miner couldn't take it, he placed his thumb pad on Alex's clit, slowly moving it in circular motion. Alex let out a hitched moan, taking in the feelings of pleasure that she had never gotten in a long time. The movement picked up its pace as the miner whipped out his hard member, stroking it gently with his free hand. They moaned in unison as pleasure clouded their thoughts, the slow circular motion turning into urgent need. The miner held Alex's legs, ready to pull her down.

"I'm gonna pull you outta that hole so I can finish what I started, aight?" The miner bellowed, with no shame on who could hear. Alex quietly moaned in response as her needs changed from getting the fuck out of the cave to getting "The Fuck" in the cave.

With a few attempts, she finally slipped out of the Cave's grasp, her small frame held in the miner's large hands. Next thing she knew, she was propped up against the wall, having sex with a miner she just met, one leg stood and the other in the air, exposing her pussy for his entrance. His cock slid in and out as he craved for a finish, moaning and groaning in pleasure. Alex reciprocated, rubbing her clit with her free hand. With a few more pumps in her gorgeous pussy, he pulled out, releasing his jets of cum all over Alex as she too climaxed and moaned aloud, swinging her head back in pleasure.

Welp, she definitely got that sexy man's number down 😉

*009*2023-08-06 04:40

{{8 hours ago, PracticallyPie said:

These are all great! Could you do one about Kate Marsh too?

}}

Ooo I will, shes my fave! Might have to brainstorm some ideas on that one, feel free to recommend things you wanna see!

{{5 hours ago, bangboom said:

You work very fast 😮

And i am very on board with that! 😄 😄

Very saucy scenario too...

Have you considered incorporating the time reversal mechanic into the story? could be fun and creative

}}

Thank you!

I was considering adding the reversing mechanic but was afraid of cocking it up, I will try and incorporate it in the next story!

{{3 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Yes and Chloe as well.

}}

Chloe will be a good one, too! I'll try and think of something for her story, feel free to recommend!

*011*2023-08-06 05:26

{{9 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Maybe Chloe ends up in a situation where she ends up wetting herself and gets embarrassed in the process and Max keeps on trying to use her time-travel powers to prevent Chloe from getting in that humiliating situation in the first place. She fails to stop Chloe from wetting herself but does prevent her from doing so in front of everyone and Chloe discovers that she actually likes wetting herself.

}}

Ooo! I had that idea with Kate, too! I could try mashing them in to one story with two separate instances

*013*2023-08-06 16:58

A few weeks went past and full bladders had become more of an issue at school, as Max came to realise. Who knew a few hours of school sent desperate girls running to the bathroom!

Unfortunately for this time reversing machine, Max had to witness two of her closest friends at their most vulnerable moments with their bladders. During her morning class with Mr Jefferson, Max saw Kate wriggling in her seat, a hand in between her legs. It was a beautiful sight but also made Max feel some guilt for her poor friend. She looked so desperate for a wee. Kate's face contorted as she squeezed her thighs together, her hand buried even deeper in her thighs. Max could only imagine the amount of force Kate was pressing against her pussy lips, her urethra begging for a release.

The class was halfway through its session time and Kate's need was obvious, Victoria and her little slaves giggled at the sight. Max's pleasure was taken over by pity for her friend, the state Kate was in wasn't a sexy sight at this point. The way her legs constantly writhed and slithered around one another, both hands pressing against her begging pussy. Eventually the bell signalled everyone's leave and before Max could even walk up to Kate, she had already swiped her bag from under her desk, running out of the room with her head hung low and a hand holding her crotch.

As Max quickly followed along, she saw Kate swing open the girl's bathroom and rush inside. When Max followed suit, she saw the most beautiful sight infront of her. Kate knocked on all three stall doors, a hand in her crotch as she marched on the spot.

"P-please! Open the door! I-I need to pee!" Kate whined, a dash of cuteness in her voice. As she continued to dance on the spot, Max watched for afar, hiding her face as she watched her friend cry out in desperate need. Kate doubled over, bouncing up and down with her hands practically squeezing her pussy until it popped. To no one's surprise, a hissing and liquid pattering on the titled floor was heard, echoing the room. Kate was wetting herself as another girl exited the stall, looking down at the mess she had caused.

"K-Kate..." Max attempted to get the poor girl's attention but Kate could only run into the stall with her head bowed down. With full strength and power, Max held her hand out, feeling time reverse around her. The girls in the stalls left, the clocks turned backwards as the bell whined in a demonic chiming. As Max entered the stall and waited for the right moment, she realised that her power grew stronger by the minute, her feelings of pity for Kate turned into pride as she realised she was about to save a friend from embarrassment.

The bell chimed once again, signalling Max to stick to her game plan, her hand reaching out for the handle.

"P-please! Open the door! I-I need to pee!" Kate whined, yet again, giving Max her signal. As she opened the door, a desperate Kate bounced and marched infront of her, her head still hung low in embarrassment of her need and her hands gripping at her quivering pussy.

"Here, Kate." Max muttered, side stepping out of the way. Her eyes laid on Kate as the poor girl darted into the stall, slamming the door behind her. All Max could hear was constant taps of Kate's pee dance, shuffling, silence...then a loud hissing of piss shooting into the porcelain bowl. Max could feel the relief that Kate's thrombin pussy felt as she released her jet of piss into the toilet. Mission accomplished!

Suddenly, Max felt a vibration in her pocket. It was a text from her right hand man, Chloe.

From Chloe, To Max:

Yo. I'm at the junkyard. Meet in 20. I wanna show you something cool.

From Max, To Chloe:

Got it! I'm on my way 😛

From Chloe, To Max:

NO EMOJIS!!!!

Max rolled her eyes with sarcasm, smiling at her best friend's inability to text with any form of emotion. With her phone back in her pocket, Max left the girl's bathroom, jogging up to the bus station to catch the bus just parked there. Max leaned against the bus window, watching the sights of Arcadia Bay around her, the beached whales laying like fallen angels, the crisp autumn air seaping through the open window. The bus journey felt like an eternity as Max's thoughts clouded her mind. It was only 10 minutes.

Standing tall in the middle of Arcadia'a junk was Max's blue haired, punk best friend, tapping her foot with her head in her phone. She swung her head up as she heard Max's coy footsteps.

"Yoooo, my time machine, what up?" Chloe grinned, sliding her phone into her back pocket.

"At the minute, my goddamn blood pressure. Some crazy shit is going on at Arcadia and I need to figure out these powers."

"Yeah, well, count my bladder in. I'm so desperate for a piss." Chloe gripped her crotch, more so for effect, but also to hold back her aching bladder. Max looked down to see the slight shuffle in Chloe's step, an instant warmth rising in her face.

"Funny you should say that, I saved Kate Marsh from wetting herself today in the girl's bathrooms." Max muttered, kicking around the dust and dirt. She could see Chloe's hand slowly slipping back to her crotch, her face showing nothing but displeasure. As soon as she realised Max watching, she snapped back to a normal formation, walking to the metal hut that Chloe inhabited with Rachel before she went missing.

"Well, hopefully, those powers can be used for kicking ass and taking names. Wouldnt want you wasting your sick ass powers now." Chloe shouted, not looking behind her. As they entered the hut, Chloe sat down with force, rubbing her thighs together with her hand sitting in her lap. Both Chloe and Max conversed back and fourth, making a game plan for testing Max's powers, but all Max could focus on was Chloe's constant shuffling in her seat, her legs bouncing rapidly.

"Shiiit, I really need to piss. I don't wanna pop a squat but I think I'm gonna have to. Cover for me?" Chloe's hand was shoved in between her legs, her face in a slight winced expression.

"Yeah, I kinda gotta pee too. Lets keep behind the hut."

The girls awkwardly shuffled out of the hut, hands in their crotches, as they set up behind the hut and began rolling down their jeans, their bare vulvas on show. The harsh autumn wind hit their pussy lips, sending shivers up their spines. With a few mumbles and shy, tight lipped smiles, their streams let loose, the hissing and pitter patter of it hitting the dirt. Suddenly, with no warning, two gross men came up from behind Chloe and Max and picked them up mid stream, showing their bare vulva to the train drivers passing by.

"HEY! GET OFF, YOU JERKS!"

"GET THE FUCK OFF OF ME, DICK!" Chloe and Max kicked and shuffled in the men's grasps, clenching their pussy muscles to stop their streams but to no avail, their piss sprayed everywhere as the men held them to their chests.

"These little sluts need to know when to hold their piss, aye?" The man holding Max said.

"Getting their bare pussies out on show for us, ain't they?" The men shared their dirty thoughts to one another as Chloe and Max scrambled for freedom, their streams never ending. Eventually, the men gave up and dropped the girls whilst their streams calmed down, calling them dirty names as they walked away.

"Ugh, fuckin pervs." Chloe groaned, her head in her hands as her stream came to a finish. "Max, you good?" Max stayed on all fours, crying tears of embarrassment as she pissed some more. With no thought, Max held her hand out, rewinding time so the horrible experience had never happened. Before long, she found herself back in the hut, watching Chloe fidget around.

"Shiiit, I really need to piss. I don't wanna pop a squat but I think I'm gonna have to. Cover for me?" Chloe's hand was shoved in between her legs, her face in a slight winced expression.

"U-uh, we should just go in here. Um, someone might see-"

"What? Max, did you rewind on something? What happened?"

"S-some dude's caught us and said some nasty shit. I don't wanna be caught by them." Max darted her eyes around, waiting for Chloe's long awaited answer.

"Ooookay...I'll just piss in that tin can then? Last time I'm ever coming here with a full bladder." As Chloe shuffled her pants down and squatted over the tin can, Max couldn't help but notice her own bladder problems, as it was obvious from before. Hearing Chloe's stream hitting the tin can sent a shiver up Max's spine, her legs fanning in and out as her hands massaged her pussy lips. A moan left Chloe's mouth, swinging her head back in relief from her aching bladder, which could only make Max's issue worse.

"O-oh god, I can't take it, I gotta go!" Max whined, shoving her jeans down and spraying her piss all over the wooden floorboard of the hut before her frilly pink panties could even drop to her ankles. The moan she let out could only display pure pleasure from the relief she was experiencing, her stream jetting out of her aching urethra.

"Damn, you really needed to go, huh, Max?" Chloe smirked.

Truth is, Chloe did not let Max live that down 😉

*015*2023-08-07 12:27

{{37 minutes ago, bangboom said:

Gotta love a good deed 😛 Thank you so much for using the idea, this was very fun to read ❤️

}}

No problem! And thank YOU for the idea 💖

*017*2023-08-07 20:51

{{8 hours ago, bangboom said:

You're welcome!

Very keen for whatever you write next 🥰

Do you have any interest in male desperation? Just curious

}}

Funny you say that, I was actually going to do a final part of this thread with Warren!

I do enjoy male desperation from time to time, so I think adding it would be a great addition for those who appreciate it very much

*018*2023-08-07 23:12

This will be the last part of my Life Is Strange story series and I will be now adding more parts to my Yandere Similator thread! Feel free to recommend more games or any films/tv to write about!

Smut warning for a BJ at "Eventually, the stream stopped..."

Warren was obsessed with everything science. Experiments, theory, reading, testing. Anything! Maybe a bit too obsessed that he couldn't even care for his bladder in his class that lasted 3 hours!

On a rainy Thursday, Warren rested his head in his hand, tapping his pen on his desk with sighs of boredom, as he watched the raindrops fall down the window panes. Ms Grant ranted on about food tests and benedict's solution but Warren simply couldn't focus. All he could focus on was his 2 coffee cups sloshing around for a release. His dick squashed between his legs as his thighs rubbed together in desperate attempts to hold back his flood.

"Hey, Warren." Brooke leaned away from her desk, tapping Warren on the shoulder. "I'm going to the park to test my new drone. You in?"

"O-oh yeah! I'm counting the seconds." Warren smiled with tight lips.

"Hey, man, are you okay? You look like you've seen a ghost." Brooke could see Warren's slight squirming in his seat, his hands rubbing up and down his legs to ease the aching.

"Yeah! I don't- I don't see ghosts...yeah." Warren couldn't even look Brooke in the eyes, he didn't even see her sympathetic smile before twirling in her chair and putting her focus back on her work. He couldn't think, his mind tried to go to molecules but all he could hear was "toilet", "rain", "water". As pee began flowing into his cock and pushing against his tip, Warren darted his eyes around before giving his quivering member a quick squeeze through his jeans. Warren substituted his crotch holding for more leg squeezing, but even that couldn't hold back the flood. A sudden leak trickled out of his urethra, dripping into his boxers. With no shame, Warren squeezed his dick with both of his hands, stopping any more damage in his jeans. Despite the looks from his classmates, he felt a tad better as his desperation subsided a bit from the urgent dick squeezing.

"Alright everyone! Stand up and use the apparatus next to you to conduct your starch tests! Remember your goggles!" Ms Grant shouted, signalling everyone to stand and slide their goggles down to their faces.

"You gotta be kidding me!" Warren muttered under his breath, doubling over and groaning. After he regained control on his bladder with some hard cock squeezed and a slight squirm in his seat, he stood up with a slight wince, wriggling around to stop his bladder from releasing on the floor. As Warren slid the goggles on his head onto his face, he began writing and conducting his experiment, as much focus put into his work as humanly possible. Usually, his science work is known to be the best in his class, but his full bladder refrained him from being top of his game that day. More uncontrollable leaks dripped out of his cock, making Warren stop everything and grab his crotch with a lot of force. He whined and groaned from the ache and pain, his cock twitching from the desperation.

When the bell rang, Warren threw his books into his bag and quickly marched out of the classroom, ignoring all of the laughter from his wriggling and dick grips.

"Uh Warren, could you come here please?"

Fuck. NOT what he wanted to hear.

"Y-yeah, Ms Grant?" He strained, waddling past all of his conversing classmates.

"You ok? You didn't seem to be doin a lot of work over there? You look like you're in pain. Wanna see the nurse?"

"N-no! I-I'm okay, thank you, Ms Grant." Warren's eyes widen as he felt a singular spurt of piss shoot into his boxers.

"Hm. No. I'm taking you right now. Cmon. You don't look right." Ms Grant immediately stood from her desk chair, opening the door and leading Warren out of the classroom to the medical room. Warren continued to cup his dick in his hands whilst others weren't looking, shuffling slowly behind Ms Grant. Soon, they reached the medical room.

"Excuse me? This student seems to be feeling unwell, could he stay here until he feels better?" Ms Grant stood to the side, showing a squirming, half doubled over Warren, his head hung slightly.

"Of course. Sit down, darling, I'll get right with you." The nurse smiled, patting on the seat next to her. Warren showed her a tight smiled lip before not-so confidently thanking Ms Grant as she began making her way out of the room. With much difficulty, Warren sat down in the seat, gripping his dick as tightly as possible until the nurse turned back to him.

"So. Warren. How are you feeling, sweet?"

"U-uh I'm um...I'm feeling okay." Warren mumbled, his legs slightly crossed, rubbing together.

"Hm...you look a little twitchy. Would you like a cup of water?"

"NO! N-no um..." The nurse's eyes widened as Warren threw himself out of the seat, slowly backing towards the door. "T-thank you, ma'am. Thanks um...thank you!" And before she could respond, Warren was out of the room, shuffle running with his hands attached to his crotch. As he bashed into the doors, swinging them open with force, his eyes darted around the campus. The fountain spurted water, flowing into its base. Samuel watering the flower bushes near the school's entrance with a hose, smiling and waving and Warren. The poor boy couldn't get away from water, his bladder begged for it's release after hearing all pf the water flow. Luckily it stopped raining!

"Hey Warren! Over here!" Brooke waved from across Campus, waving for Warren to come over. He reluctantly followed along, shuffling over to the grass patch Brooke stood on, holding her latest drone in her collection.

"H-hi." Warren stood before Brooke, his eyes darting around as he shuffled from one foot to the other.

"Come check out my drone! It's the latest from TenTech!" As Brooke babbled about the drones feature, Warren felt his piss pushing against his tip, dripping one by one into his pants. He wriggled on the spot, crossing his legs as subtly as he could, but it couldn't stop the dam from bursting. Warren dropped his bag, doubling over with his hands gripping his dick.

"Ooooo." Warren groaned.

"Yo Wa- YO...you don't look so good, man. Are you okay?" Brooke questioned, a dash of pity in her voice. Before Warren could open his mouth to answer, his dick let loose and piss began rolling down down his legs. With his hands tugging on his zip, Warren ran to the nearest tree, his cock flinging out of his jeans, letting out his thick stream. Brooke stood with her jaw dropped, her eyes laid on Warren's twitching penis as his big piss stream squirted out of it. He flung his head back, groaning in pleasure as his bladder emptied itself on the tree trunk.

Eventually, the stream stopped, and Warren shoved his cock back into his boxers. Before he could zip up his jeans, Brooke gripped his hands and walked around the corner, hiding behind a wall. She crouched infront of his crotch, smirking with sensuality.

"That was so hot. I wanna do it. Please can I do this." Brooke whispered with urgency, a smile still spread across her face. Warren could only nod, wiring his eyes shut and resting his head against the bricks behind him. Before he could even think about what was happening, pleasure took over his body as Brooke placed her lips on his tip, licking it in circles before taking it whole. Her head bobbed up and down, her tongue following along his member. The wetness and warmth of Brooke's mouth sent shivers up Warren's spine, he found his hands rushing through her hair, gripping it tightly to guide Brooke's speed. Warren let out a quiet groan, looking down at Brooke working his dick, her hands placed on his legs. As she picked up her speed, Brooke felt Warren's cock twitching in her mouth, releasing her mouth from his dick.

"Let go, Warren." Those were the only words Warren wanted to hear before he climaxed, his jets of cum squirting out of the tip of his dick. He groaned loudly before letting go, smiling widely at the pleasure he felt throughout.

I hope y'all enjoyed! This is the last story of my Life Is Strange series as I've said before and will begin to work on other stories, so I'm sorry if you wanted to see something else! Feel free to give me recommendations for other stories or any content whatsoever!

Have a great day 😀

*022*2023-08-08 12:31

{{12 hours ago, brown4182004 said:

You should write a Mass Effect or Marvel story

}}

I will search up Mass Effect! Thank you! 😊

{{8 hours ago, bangboom said:

I'm very lucky you made something like what i was thinking of so quickly! thank you!

Poor guy, he's still left with noticeably wet jeans after all that!

I second the idea of a mass effect story hehe

}}

No problemo! I will DEFINITELY be searching Mass Effect now after a second opinion!

{{11 hours ago, warham1995 said:

What about a Bayonetta story with a submissive Bayonetta and a dominant Jeanne or a dominant Bayonetta and a submissive Jeanne with each getting turned on by the other bullying their bladders and they also flirt with each other while making the other hold their pee, please?

}}

Ooo, I'll have to check this one out at some point too

*024*2023-08-08 21:22

{{4 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Are you familiar with Saints Row, DMC or the GTA games? I've got some ideas for those as well.

}}

I'm familiar with the latter but unfortunately I don't know the first two! I'd love to hear your ideas

