The Decameron

Author: satyr

*009*2014-06-07 03:12

Elisa sat completely still in her puddle. I think she was too shocked by what she'd done to say or do anything. There she was, sat in her accident, and in the air, only the creaking noises of an old cabin fighting against itself to remain standing, settling in, expanding out. And perhaps the faintest smell of urine, possibly imagined. I felt bad for her, blushing, paralyzed, but Fiona must also be feeling my primal urges bulging against her backside, sitting there in-between my legs. I needed to act quickly, so as to restore the good spirits of our group.

I couldn't lose sight of the fact that, much as I was enjoying myself, we were also, now, a little pack trying to survive in the wild, surrounded, quite possibly, by once friendly people who had now, through no fault of their own, become our enemies through the real enemies, the parasitic virii too small to see. I had assumed the responsibility for herding us all through the coming days, weeks, maybe even months, and we couldn't break up the first night over something as insignificant as a little pee accident.

I didn't know what to do, only that it had to be done before someone else did something about it. Somehow, I didn't trust that anyone else could take care of it; least of all Elisa, who had just done something that we're all told as children is so bad, anyone who does it should feel awful. Since Fiona was sitting so conveniently there between my legs, feeling the benefits of my arousal and the warmth of my hands, I decided to make her my confidante. She, too, was losing her battle, although only I and her knew. We already had a dirty secret in common. I leaned over and whispered: 'We need to get her cleaned up, we can't let this kill the good mood. What do you think we should do?'

I was so close, I could almost hear the firing of synapses, the gears grinding. Was she trying to solve Elisa's problem, or her own as well? At this point, feeling my obvious arousal at desperation and wetting and making no move to get away from me, did she even want to solve her own desperation problem? Finally—all eyes still on Elisa, us in a little bubble by ourselves—she answered: 'I'll go with her and get her cleaned up. We have towels, right?'

'Yes, I know I brought some.' But I couldn't resist adding, 'Are you going to get yourself cleaned up as well?'

'I'm not... that wet, darling.' Did she just call me darling?

I spoke up. 'Elisa, we need to get you cleaned up, and the floor, as well. Fiona will go with you, won't you?' Fiona nodded.

'Will you help me get up? I don't want to get piss all over my hands.' Sure, as if there wasn't piss all over you already. How did she think she was going to get cleaned up without getting her hands dirty? Did she expect a wipe-down like a baby on the changing table? I wouldn't mind giving her one, but I didn't expect her to accept that proposition, and so kept the thought to myself.

'Sure.' I got up, carefully avoided stepping in her puddle, grabbed hold under her armpits and lifted her to her feet. As she stood up, I looked deep into her eyes for the first time. A corona of green and hazel. It really is amazing, the astonishing variety of colors and patterns human evolution has come up with. It's very pretty, but I never did get the feeling—not even with lovers—that the eyes really were windows into the soul. I looked into those pretty eyes and they told me nothing about how Elisa was feeling. How upset was she? How embarrassed? Had it ever happened before? Would she be able to live it down, or would she keep her head down until, hopefully, the outside world was safe and our pack could disperse again?

'Don't stress it,' I said, realizing I'd gotten into the habit of whispering to girls. What can I say, I was starved for intimacy. Although I hadn't mentioned it to the group, my relationship with the girl whose desperation story I was telling had ended shortly before I left for Europe, and had largely been the catalyst for my trip. I had cheated on her with some random girl I met in a bar because I was convinced she was cheating on me and, childishly, wanted to get back at her; she had cheated on me with some random guy she met in a club for much the same reasons. And both of us had been convinced the other was cheating because we'd lost the fiery love that had united us in the first place. 'No one,' I continued, 'will give you any shit for this, I promise. And if they do, I'll smack them upside the head till they get the message.'

There was a silence between us. There's a common misconception that the stops and starts of conversations are awkward—but I think they're only as awkward as you make them. Silence builds tension. If I said no more, I suppose she could have turned her back on me and walked away, and I'd look like a chump; but more likely, she'd be unable to withstand the temptation to break the tension, to ease it. The desire to be, above all, not awkward is very strong in this age of HRIV and GPS and HTML and .com. 'I don't suppose you have, like, a cloth or something handy?' She asked, a little sheepishly. 'I'm positive I've got like towels and all sorts of things, but we packed in such a hurry. It's starting to get clingy and cold.' She blushed again.

'Why, of course,' I said. Luckily I did have a towel somewhere near the top of my backpack. Call me an opportunist, but I gladly seized the opportunity to spend some more time with Elisa in private, in her current state.

'Fiona, come with us, I'm going to get something for her to clean herself up with.' Instinctively, I took Elisa's hand and started walking leading her to one of the two small bedrooms in the cabin, where'd I'd put my backpack. Fiona grabbed my other hand. I couldn't believe it: I was now leading two attractive ladies, one of them in pee-soaked shorts, the other with wet panties hidden under her skirt and a bursting bladder, into a bedroom. I won't deny the fantasy of a golden threesome flashed through my mind. But realistically, nothing of the sort was going to happen.

There was no real privacy in here, and even if there were privacy behind those paper-thin walls, you can't just obviously leave the party to engage in a private orgy, even if the girls were up for it, which I reckoned they weren't. I've got a dirty mind, but a cynical outlook to keep it in check most of the time. Sometimes, though, the dirty mind takes action before the cynical bastard can get a real chokehold on it, and then, sometimes, catastrophy occurs—but that was also how I snagged my now ex girlfriend, who could have had a dozen hunks with bigger abs and more expensive cars than me if she so desired.

When we'd closed the door, Fiona let go of my hand and put it between her legs, bouncing up and down on her toes to keep from wetting herself. She seemed incapable of doing anything with her hands without having an accident of her own. Elisa still stood there holding my hand. I'd have to let Fiona be our chaperone: just like in the old days, when it was improper for two young unmarried people of the opposite sex to be in a room together alone. 'This is so gross,' Elisa said. 'It felt so good to finally be able to relax again, but this is so icky. I feel so dirty.'

'You're not going to get out of those messy clothes without getting your hands dirty, honey.' I let go of her hand and quickly retrieved a beach-themed towel from my backpack. It had a big cartoon sun radiating rays of yellow sunlight over an equally cartoony beach scene. I'd bought it at some tourist store in Split, across the Adriatic. Fiona was still dancing as I shot her a glance. When I turned back around, Elisa was still standing there in her wet shorts. 'Okay,' I said. 'Here's the towel. Do you want me to go?'

She appeared confused. 'Why would you go?'

I looked into the corona and was almost blinded by the light, even in the dim bedroom. 'Because, honey, you're going to have to get naked unless you want to sleep in wet panties tonight.'

Fiona was frantic, hopping from foot to foot and bending over.

'But I'll have the towel, right?' Elisa began to unbutton her shorts. She grabbed at the fabric, but then her arms shot away from her crotch like it was on fire. 'I can't do it. It's so... I kind of have a phobia against germs. Imagine what the fucking virus did to my head when I first heard about it.'

'Urine is sterile when it comes out of you. But the longer you wait to get them off, the more little buggers will be festering in your pants.'

A panicked look shot across her face. This wasn't embarrassment: she was genuinely afraid, couldn't bring herself to touch her own pee with her hands, despite having sat in a pool of it.

As Fiona was still unable to be even remotely of assistance—quite hot to watch at the edge of your vision, her desperate dance, but also, alas, annoying, as I needed her help—I resolutely grabbed Elisa's shorts, unbuttoned them, and dragged them down her thighs to the floor. 'There,' I said. She stepped out of the wet shorts. Her panties were cotton that had been white: now it was yellowed, wet and glistening in an arc from her cameltoe up to the waistband. Seeing the contours of her pussy made me hard again, and I made no effort to conceal it. What was the point? No one in this room could be unaware that I was getting off on this. 'Now you'll have to do the rest yourself, unless you want me to see you naked.'

I had no illusions that it was my place to stay any longer. I thought my long-term prospects with either of these two ladies, Fiona the Florentine with the plain face and the seductive smile, and Elisa, the shapely German brunette who peed herself and whose eyes were suns, depended on knowing when to push and when to pull back. Patience. Unlike my ex, it is among my few virtues. I turned to go. As I put my hand on the door handle, Elisa called: 'Wait!'

I turned around. She was blushing again. 'Would you... could you, like, close your eyes and pull my panties down? I don't want to be in this mess any longer but I... I can't bring myself to feel it on my fingers either.'

My cynical side now acted before the horny bastard who'd been long-term strategizing romantic prospects could counter. 'Elisa, hun, do you wipe after you go number two?'

Jaws fell open. I knew I'd said something stupid. But it was true: how could this woman clean herself up after the natural and inevitable act of going to the bathroom if she was so mortally afraid of germs she couldn't touch her own pee for a second to get out of her own mess?

'Yes.' She said. Her cheeks were on fire. 'I can't go if the toilet paper is too thin though, then I'll just hold it. Look, would you please just help me, Dion? Don't be a dick. No one's going to give me crap about this accident, remember you promised me?'

Well, if she didn't bring a dedicated butt-wiper with her, I guess she was shit outta luck. Would have to hold it until the point of no return if we stayed more than a day or two in this cabin—I was positive we didn't bring any extra premium super-thick toilet paper specially designed for germophobics. I walked back and pulled down her panties. I couldn't be bothered to close my eyes. A favor for a favor. She wasn't fully shaved, but she'd done some landscaping. That much I gathered before she grabbed my towel and ushered me out of the room.

Outside, thankfully, someone had taken responsibility and gotten a somewhat upbeat conversation going. There are silences and then there are silences, and if everyone had sat there waiting for us to get Elisa clean and dry, a grown woman having her wet pants changed for her, I don't think even I could have made that silence anything but awkward. Someone had thrown a rag over Elisa's puddle.

I joined in with the others, talking about various places we had visited. Maria still had her hands between her legs, and everyone seemed restless, unable to sit still. The drinking had all but stopped. I was sure that no one in this room could last more than an hour before they burst. I felt my own need throbbing, but I knew I was among those least in trouble. After a few minutes, Elisa emerged from the bedroom in a pair of yoga pants and a new shirt, as well—one that better accentuated her breasts. Behind her came Fiona, who now walked stiffly, trying to remain composed despite her obvious need.

Fiona sat down beside me and Elisa shuffled over, looking more like an insecure teenager with acne approaching a cheerleader than the attractive woman she was. When I smiled back to her, she eased up, let her shoulders down, and sat down on my lap. Thankfully, my boner had subsided. I now had one desperate girl leaning on me to my right, and one girl I'd help get dry after an accident on my lap. I felt like a king with his concubines, addressing the humble folk who came to his court with their petty pleas. My confidence soaring, I decided to finish my tale, before anyone could object.

'I don't know about you,' said Elisa, 'but I'd like to hear the end of the story. I'd like to hear about someone else embarrassing themselves, to take my mind off myself. Tell me she did embarrass herself eventually, didn't she, Dion?'

You'll see. I woke up early in the morning to Alice moaning. Was she crying? 'Oh, babe,' she said. I looked at her, and her eyes were red; it looked like she might have been crying, although I couldn't be sure.

'Did you wet the bed?' I said, half blind in the dark bedroom.

'Noooo,' she said, 'I've been a big girl all night and not peed but it hurts so much.'

I removed the cover and put my hand on her crotch. It was definitely moist, but not soaked. 'You leaked, didn't you?'

'I was thinking about you, and what you could do to me, and I got a little into it. Took my mind off the pain.'

'All right, let's get you to a bathroom then.'

'No. I don't want to. I still have a few hours left of the twenty-four. Like, two hours I think.' I looked at the clock on the bedstand: 6:58 am.

'Big girls go to the bathroom before they have an accident in their panties, Alice. What more is there for you to prove? You have a bigger bladder than me. Congratulations. I'm gonna go take a leak and when I come back, you do the same.' Secretly, of course, I enjoyed seeing my girlfriend in such a state, her confidence in herself not vanished, just retreated a little. I wanted for her to depend on me; I already depended so much on her, if she didn't yield a little, the scales would tip over and this whole relationship would burn to the ground. As it did, eventually, but that was later, and it was mutual.

At this stage we were still very much in love, the kind were if you haven't seen each other all day, all of nine hours separated, you just might jump in the shower together to celebrate your reunion. She'd moved in a couple months back, and that wasn't long after we started seeing each other seriously. Things had moved fast. But one thing was for her to lean on me like I did on her: another was her obvious pain, which pained me to see, too. So at once I felt sorry for her, desired her, and wanted her to go on and wanted her to yield and I was somewhat confused at this point, which is why, shit, I'm rambling, get to the point.

So I went to pee and when I came back, she'd managed to sit up in bed, still in her damp panties on top of the mountain of towels. My eyes strafed her panties, rested for a while on her exposed breasts, and then met her eyes, which told me she wasn't going to give up. So she had me help her out of bed, bladder now bulging like a little love child was growing in her usually flat belly, and then she put on a bra, a top, and yoga pants, much like the ones you have on right now, Elisa.

I unconsciously caressed Elisa's yoga-pant outer thigh, but she didn't seem to mind.

Alice insisted on getting her morning coffee. She knew it was just going to add to her struggle, but she couldn't wake up without it, she said. Total caffeine junkie. I made us toast, which I gorged on and she barely nibbled at. Her legs were twisted together at all times, and she was still moaning and grabbing herself and at one point, I was basically feeding her small nibblets of toast like a toddler while she had her hands down her pants.

'Stop playing with yourself,' I said. 'It's unseemly at breakfast.' I gave her a mischievous smile of the sort I usually used before iniating sex. But she wasn't in the mood for that. Once she'd had her coffee, however, her bright confident self started to creep back.

'Let's go shopping!' She said. Bright smile, hands still down her pants.

'Are you crazy? Do you want to wet yourself in public? You and I both know it's going to happen soon, if you don't give up, but at least if we stay at home, only I will see you humiliate yourself.'

'I am not going to wet my pants, I'll hold it all in, just like I promised. And I want to go shopping.'

She was staging a public performance. I didn't decline. The mall opened at nine, which would be her finish line for the twenty-four hour hold, so maybe she'd sprint for the bathrooms once we got there, and just maybe she'd even make it. But if she didn't, she sure as hell was going to go out with a bang. I could already picture her, legs twisted, standing in a circle of strangers, pee running into her panties and onwards down her legs. I recalled a video I'd seen on the internet of a girl who got paid to pee her pants on a dare, standing there in a circle, peeing. And I pictured her enjoying the attention the same way she enjoyed it when she flashed someone at the club, or, like she'd said, when she knew someone was watching as she and I got hot and heavy with each others mouths and tongues.

I put a towel on the car seat, to her protestations, and since she was unable to walk properly, I carried her out to the car. Once we got to driving, the lack of sleep caught up to her. Coffee wasn't enough. Halfway to the mall, she was asleep in the seat beside me. I thought maybe she'd pee herself on the way there.

I pulled into the parking lot. The dashboard clock, accounting for the few minutes it ran ahead of time—those clocks have a tendency, I've noticed, always to be a little off—told me it was just past nine. She'd made it. Twenty-four hours of marathon pee holding, with probably twice the liquid she'd usually drink. I was confident she'd leaked a little during the night, but she'd never admit it. Now, she was sleeping peacefully in the front seat.

The anguish on her face as she was awake trying to hold back was gone. In its place was that angelic look of hers, one she sometimes fell into as we cuddled in bed after making love—you can tell I really loved this girl, otherwise I'd said after we fucked—when she'd lean back in my arms, close her eyes, and sort of nod, barely awake, looking so blissful you'd think she just shot up heroin. Ah, those endorphins. My eyes wandered off her face and down towards her crotch, which was no longer protected from the onslaught of pee by her hands. I sat there for a minute, just falling in love with her all over again, and then a little wet spot appeared between her legs. She was losing. She was peeing her pants. I waited a little longer, but the wet spot was still the size of a dime. I gently shook her awake.

'Alice, hun, you peed.'

She was in that disoriented sleepy head of hers for a moment, then she looked down, saw that the damage was still small, and put her hands in her lap. 'Let's go shopping,' she said. She wasn't going to let the leak stop her.

I followed along as she hobbled, stopped to cross her legs, pushed into her crotch, then hobbled on, finally reaching the entrance. From there, she dragged me along to the nearest clothing store. I walked and she shuffle-hobble-twisted her way into the store, which had large Victoria's Secret posters and other fancy brand names shining from all around us. Alice stopped by a table stacked with jeans and crossed her legs, biting her lip. A young shopgirl walked over, in sexy ripped jeans and, I couldn't help but notice, a healthy bosom and bright red lips under her bunned hair. 'Uh,' she said, addressing Alice, 'Are you maybe looking for something? The... uh, facilities maybe?'

Alice managed to transform anguish on her face into a half-smile, her coy side, a little flirting, a little teasing, and said: 'Actually, I was looking for some new jeans.'

'Oh!' The shop attendant put away her worried look and burst into salesman mode. She put on a bright smile and picked up a pair of jeans off the table. 'We sell a lot of those,' she indicated some other jeans, 'but personally I think these would look just great on you, such a stunning figure!'

Alice took the jeans and disappeared into a fitting room. 'Oh shit!' She cried out, and I could almost hear her struggle to get the tight jeans buttoned up, pushing into her bladder, and I think she may have leaked. But she must have survived the scare, because she emerged with the jeans—and they did look stunning on her, although her bladder bulge hung over the waist, trying to pressure the buttons open—still dry. She shuffled out of the fitting room and crossed her legs, nearly bending over to bury her hands in her crotch again but catching herself. Little miss seller of the month winked at me and said, 'Turn around and let your man take it all in.' Carefully, Alice uncrossed her legs and did an awkward pirouette, showing me her bum before turning back around to face us.

'Don't they just look stunning!' said Miss Salesman.

At that moment, a huge wave overtook Alice. She arced her spine and her whole body shook, and then the crotch of the jeans darkened as her control waved for a moment, tickling the seams at the crotch, before a small trickle ran down her inner thigh. The light fixtures above us flickered, that shit is liable to give someone a seizure one day, and it's an ugly light, too, like a bright flash in your face, casting odd shadows and not doing any justice to your figure at all. Everyone looks like their passport or driver's license picture in those lights, I don't get why they put them in clothing stores. Maybe they just came with the lease on the space and they just ran with it. But at that moment, it perfectly illuminated my girlfriend's little accident, the glistening piss that flowed from her panties and trickled down to her knee.

It wasn't a flood, it was a small stream she managed to cut off—she must still be bursting to go—but it was definitely a very public accident. Miss Salesman's neurons flickered in tune with the light fixtures, and I could almost see the switch that flipped in her head as she went from fake enthusiasm to close encounter of the wet kind, from cheery to worried to confused. What was she going to do when an adult woman had an accident in the jeans she was trying on? Surely her training had never prepared her for this. She must still be in high school, just working the weekend to get some extra spending money, and she had neither the intuition nor the maturity to handle the situation.

Alice ran into the fitting room again and came out in her yoga pants at record speed. She handed the shopgirl the wet jeans and said, 'I'm sorry, I don't think these are right for me,' and then she ran out of the store. I stood there dumbfounded for a moment, considering whether I should offer to pay for the jeans, it was the decent thing to do in this kind of situation, the kind of thing an upstanding citizen does. She, or we, since I had apparently become her custodian overnight, had ruined a pair of jeans, of course we were going to pay for them. They were unsellable now, piss-stained. Alas, I am not that upstanding citizen. Miss Salesman of the Month and I shared a confused look, and then I ran after Alice.

'You did not just do that,' I said. 'You pissed someone else's pants and left that poor girl with them. You're going back and paying for them right now.' I wasn't gonna pay, and I had a good hunch she wasn't going to show her face in that store ever again, but I needed the smug moral satisfaction of at least having demanded she do The Right Thing. Ever notice how it often feels so good to consider doing something ethical to help your fellow man, you never actually wind up doing it? Whenever Alice and I would watch ads for charities we'd talk about how we were totally going to donate some money to the good cause, and we felt good about ourselves, and we never did end up donating any money.

Alice completely ignored her accident and pretended like it had never happened. It was like the pretense that she was going to make it, that her bladder of steel would hold until she willed it to open, had been replaced by the pretense that she didn't need to pee at all, had not just peed the pants she was trying on in a haute couture store, and that we were just casually strolling the mall on a Saturday morning. 'Let's go get some food, I barely ate any at breakfast and I'm starving!' She dragged me along, and I didn't protest, to the nearest place that sold food, which happened to be a Burger King. Even this early, as they were still serving the breakfast menu, there was a line.

We stood behind a couple of fat moms with their equally fat kids, a few young teenagers with acne and braces, and an attractive young woman dressed like a lawyer, you know the look, and from the side I could see she wore round, small glasses. Around us, people start eating breakfast or lunch or brunch, paying no mind to the squirming hottie in the yoga pants by my side, as the bobbed and weaved, shadowboxed with her bladder, but managed to keep her hands properly by her sides, though she had to clench her fists from the effort.

The attractive young lawyer lady got her food, and we moved forward. The two teenagers made their order. Alice squirmed. The line moved. I remember this part particularly vividly because of what's about to happen any minute now. The moms and kids ordered the biggest menus with the largest cokes and most fries on the side. I've nothing against people who are overweight, trust me, but I couldn't help but notice these two moms were bordering on obese and bringing up their children to be the same, and it's just sad. The line moved.

Alice sprinted up, put on a smile again, met the eyes of the young girl at the counter, she had to be around the same age as Miss Salesman of the Month, and had the same salesman smile plasted on her face, though you could tell behind the face were thoughts like 'meh' and 'boring' and 'tired' and 'minimum wage' and maybe even, if we she were the social activist kind, 'wage slavery' or 'why does capitalism suck so much and why am I contributing to it by earning minimum wage to serve whoppers to fat moms and their fat kids and etc.'

'I'll have a double Whopper with fries, and he'll have the same,' Alice said.

And then the dam broke. All eyes in this Burger King were drawn to Alice as she bent over the counter, and two separate streams of pee erupted from her bum, and then her ass was saturated and it was dripping on the floor while she was loudly hissing twenty-five hours of hot pee down her legs, onto the floor, rivulets on her yoga pants, a puddle on the linoleum, just peeing, and peeing, and peeing, and in the background I heard someone yell that oh my god she's wetting herself, in my peripheral vision I saw someone bring out a cellphone and aim it at Alice and thought idly at the back of my mind that I knew which websites that video would end up on, but my eyes and my attention were transfixed by Alice.

By her ass, the one I'd come to know so fondly, strutting and stretching the yoga pants, by the way the pants were saturated by pee and overflowed, by the sound of it all, the waterfall, pee just continually pouring out, until there was nary a spot on her backside that wasn't wet, and she continued to pee, and pee, while young creep in the background was filming and fat mom to our left was lecturing her children on the importance of going to the bathroom in time so as not to end up disgraced like that young lady over there—and I imagined with all they were stuffing their faces with they would all be needing the bathroom soon—but not as much as Alice, my Alice, my girlfriend, the girl I loved, who was not done humiliating herself and soiling the floor until probably two minutes of continuous peeing had passed.

The young salesclerk at the counter was calling for someone to bring a mop, something to clean up; the line had separated, pulling away from the spreading urine like it was molten lava; Alice had outdone herself in performance art, she had erupted like a geyser, I'm at a loss for words; and absurdly, among all this, a black dude with a cap that definitely didn't have a Burger King logo on it brought us the Whoppers, and I paid for them as if nothing had happened. That's another story, but I actually met that guy later in a different setting and he turned out to be one of the coolest guys I've met, but I've gone on too long.

So there we were: Alice had completely and utterly peed herself, completely accidentally, stubborn to hold on, in a Burger King in your anonymous mall on the outskirts of town. We had the obligatory creep uploading the vid to social media, we had the admonishing fat moms, we had the stunned onlookers—but what about the main character in this drama? I took Alice by my free hand, our food in a brown bag in the other, and looked her in the eyes. She'd put on a performance, all right, she'd lived out her exhibitionism to the fullest; but it had been a performance where she deliberately let go of her control, and I didn't know if she could handle it. Most people would probably break down and cry in her position.

I think I might have cried if I'd wet myself so completely in Burger King, and I'm not the crying type. Alice was blushing, but she wasn't crying, and I pulled her out of the restaurant (insofar as one can call it that) and took her to a bench outside a handicap toilet. Yes, once again we left others to clean up our mess, and once again, because the universe apparently rewards assholes with mercy, no one chased after us to demand we make amends.

Once we sat on the bench though, Alice became emotional. It appeared she was only now realizing, no doubt with some added awareness from the sensation of cooling pee clinging to her legs, filling her panties, creeping up her butt brack, just what she'd done. I could see she was bravely fighting tears, blushing, not wanting to cry, not really about to go all out and wail either, just watering eyes and a face that said her eyes were not allowed to water.

'I really did it,' she said. 'I really had a big accident. I'm such a little girl.'

She leaned on my shoulder. 'You're a naughty little girl,' I said. I tried to sound seductive, but I think I failed. It's a case of l'esprit de l'escalier: you know all the smooth lines only once the moment to say them has passed. You know how James Bond is always so damn smooth in his smoking, always with the witty reply? He has a script. He's a fictional character. I'm not, and I had no idea what to say in that situation. I tried to pretend this was all a roleplay we were doing, but I could tell she wasn't buying it. 'But you're my naughty little girl and you know I take care of my girl.'

'What happened next?' Fanny asked.

'I took her home in her wet pants. She sat on the towel and complained it was getting cold and itchy, but I insisted on taking her home. She fell asleep and peed some more on the towel on the way back. Then she took a shower, towelled off, and I carried her nude into the bedroom and put her to bed. And we cuddled in bed and I told her it was all going to be okay, and the rest is up to your imagination.'

Fiona, who had been leaning on me and swallowing up each word, whispered in my ear.

(Thank you all for the kind words. And thank you for reading something that is long and complicated and maybe overly ambitious.)

