Championship Holding

Author: Who Cares? 

*000*2020-04-28 00:31

AN: Okay so just before we start I wanted to say that I'm not a writer, so don't expect Dicken's level wit or Tolkein level world building. I just had this idea for a story and decided to write about it, and then decided to post it here. It's basically an alternate universe where pee holding has become sort of a sporting event, and as such is going to be relatively outlandish on a conceptual level. I'm sure it's full of grammar errors and other weird writing choices, but I hope you all enjoy it nonetheless. 

Chapter 1: High Expectations 

From the get go Lily Preston had high expectations placed on her. She always thought her mother and older sister were always tough on her, always pushing her to her limits and making things challenging for her. In hindsight, she was thankful for it, but when she was little it just seemed cruel. There are countless examples of impromptu trials by ordeal throughout childhood, such as the four hour ride up to her grandmother's house when she was in 5th grade. Now, one could blame the 11-year-old for not using the bathroom at the McDonald’s pit stop two hours in, and one could also blame her for gulping down a 30z cup of coke, and going back for a refill.

Typically however, a parent would warn their kid against the effects of 30z of a diuretic soft drink combined with another 2 hours on the road, and likely forbid the child from doubling that amount. But Lily’s mom, Molly, was atypical as mother’s go. She simply watched with the softest hint of malice behind her eyes as her daughter foolishly chugged down her second helping of Coke, and as they got up to leave Molly purposefully neglected to recommend that her daughter use the facilities. 

The next hour and a half went on rather predictably. What started as Lily silently tapping her foot and rubbing her thighs together quickly evolved into her with both hands jammed into her crotch, legs double crossed as she begged her mother to pull the car over. 

“You should’ve gone at the McDonalds.” Her older sister, Jessica, chided mockingly. 

“I know! Please mom, I really need to pee!” Lily’s voice shook with desperation as she pleaded for her oh so needed relief. 

“Just hold it like a big girl sweetie. Only half an hour to go.” Her mother encouraged. 

“I can’t hold it that long! Please, please, please, pleeease pull over.” 

“Like your sister said, you should’ve gone at the McDonalds.” Lily knew that her supplication would likely bear no fruit, but she figured it was worth the effort. Her mother wasn’t one to give in to her daughter’s pleas, as she saw teaching her to hold it as one of her motherly duties. 

For the next five or so minutes (which felt like an eternity to Lily) the young girl squirmed silently in her seat, breathing heavily and shaking with the effort of holding back nearly 1.8 liters of urine. Jessica, having been in similar situations many times when she was younger, got a kick out of this. While she knew the feeling all too well, it provoked not sympathy but rather sadism to watch her sister bursting for a pee. 

After trying her damnedest to contain the imminent flood, Lily could take it no more and began shouting frantically. “MOM I’M SERIOUSLY GONNA PEE MYSELF PLEASE LET ME GO TO THE BATHROOM!” 

“Use your inside voice, sweety.” Her mother said calmly, once again a malicious twinkle in her eye. “And don’t pee in the car or you’ll be in big trouble.” 

Tears began to well up in Lily’s eyes as she desperately searched for a solution to her predicament. She couldn’t pee in a bathroom, and there was no way in hell she could make it to her grandmother’s house. She knew she was going to pee in the car, no two ways about it, but she couldn’t make a mess lest she be subjected to even stricter bladder training from her mother. She knew the solution, it had been tempting her since they pulled out of the McDonalds parking lot. In the cup holder next to her seat resided the empty cup that contained the Coca-Cola which had been torturing her for so long. It would be embarrassing, but it was either that or soaking her jeans. So be it, from the cup the liquid came, and to the cup it shall return. The speed at which she operated was impressive as she hastily unbuckled her seat belt, dexterously unzipped and pulled down her pants and panties, and positioned herself over the cup. 

Jessica turned around from the passenger's seat, an evil grin upon her face as a powerful jet of piss shot out of her sister. Lily began to squeak ecstatically. There would be time for embarrassment in a moment, but for now Lily basked in the rapturous feeling of relief. Looking down however, she realized she needed to take action, as the cup was nearly full and Lily was nowhere near empty. She began to roll down the window as her urine grew closer to the brim. She knew she had to stem the tide just for a moment so she could empty the cup and resume her relief. Once the window was halfway down she removed her hand from the button and jammed it into her crotch, choking off the flow as she dumped half an overfilled bladder’s worth of piss out the window. She then returned the cup to its original position, and once again filled the cup to the brim as she finally emptied herself. 

Her cheeks then flushed red as she prepared to endure half an hour of teasing and mocking from her older sister, and worse yet, disappointment from her mother. 

Chapter 2: The 1966 International Holding Competition 

Let’s back up a bit. Lily was born and raised in Drizzleville, a ridiculously named small town in western Oregon with an even more ridiculous story. You see, one of Drizzleville’s greatest attractions is Saint Fludd’s School for Girls, more commonly referred to as just “Fludd’s”, which over the years has produced some of the most impressive international holders of all time. Understand? No? Okay, let’s back up a little more. Most school’s take pride in their baseball or football teams, some art schools take a lot of pride in theater or orchestra, and a lot of schools place a lot of emphasis on academic achievement or college prep. And while Fludd’s did have a baseball team, a football team, an orchestra, academic clubs, thespians, choir, cheer, the works… It’s main source of pride came in the form of it’s holding competitions. 

A lot of girls have come through Fludd’s doors over the years; white, black, and asian; gay and straight; jocks, nerds, goths, preps, and art kids. And as different as they all could seem, they all had one common goal, to learn to hold their piss like a champ. Your reputation at Fludd’s is heavily dependent, if not entirely dependent, on how well you do in the schools holding competitions. Accident prone girls are pariahs, whereas the girls who were practically walking water tanks got showered with praise and inspired endless adoration. 

Growing up, Lily had been told endlessly about Saint Fludd’s, and was immediately made aware of the high expectations the women in her family had for her. Championship pee holding had run in the family for generations, ever since her grandmother, whom Lily was named after, won the 1966 International Holding Competition. Everyone in Drizzleville knew the story, Grandma Lily was a legend. Lily Bridge was her name, but everyone in town called her Lily Bulge for reasons that will soon become obvious. 

Lily Preston had seen the tape many times, the tape of the live broadcast of the 1966 Competition’s final round. Her 15 year old grandma up on stage against the nine other best high school level holders from around the world, who had collectively already beaten 90 other girls. Whenever her mother would play back the tape, Lily was always astonished at how much she looked like her grandmother. Same wavy brown hair, same nose, same cheekbones, same everything. Her grandmother wore a bright red dress with white polka dots, smiling with that old world charm as the announcer introduced the contestants with an almost comically stereotypical 60s transatlantic accent. 

The rules were as follows: as soon as the game starts you have 15 seconds to drink down 250 ml of water, and then you wait for 15 minutes. Once those 15 minutes are up, you have another 15 seconds to drink another 250 ml. And then you hold that for another 15 minutes before drinking again, so on and so forth. Lily had played along many times at home with her mother and older sister. At first she was forced to, but it wasn’t long before she learned to enjoy competitive holding and would willingly join in on the fun. 

An hour in, once a liter of water had been consumed, the three girls would all squirm together on the couch as they watched their grandmother do the same on TV. Her eyes went wide as she bit her lower lip and crossed her legs, glancing at her competitors nervously. Another 30 minutes go by and Grandma Lily, along with most of the other girls on stage, has both hands jammed into her crotch, her deer-in-the-headlights look growing more intense. Only one girl seemed composed, an Indian girl who had adopted a mind over matter approach to holding. She simply sat motionless, eyes closed, while meditating and willing her bladder to hold it’s contents. 

About 15 minutes later is when the championship holders begin to drop out, the first two contestants soaking their clothes soon after drinking their 1750th milliliter. The jets of piss the losing contestants produce certainly adds to the desperation of their opponents, and it’s not uncommon for all 10 girls to lose control within a few minutes of each other. The pain of hearing her opponent's relief was clear on Grandma Lily’s face, as well as on the faces of her other contestants, but she managed to keep it together. Another 15 minutes go by and the girls hit the two liter mark, and this is where contestants start dropping like flies, or more accurately pissing like racehorses. Five girls, all within a minute of each other, lose it, resulting in a cacophony of moans and five massive puddles. 

This is the point where the two sisters typically lose it while playing along at home, but their mother remains strong, channeling the impeccable resolve of Grandma Lily. Only three of the 1966 contestants remain, that being Lily, the Indian girl, and Natasha… The Iron Bladder of Russia, three time champion of the Internationals. No one expected Lily to last much longer, and to come as far as she had was quite the honor, however much to everyone’s surprise she continued to forge on, holding back the flood with all her might. 

30 minutes later and it’s easy to see why Lily Bridge became known as Lily Bulge, the 2.5 liters of urine creating a noticeable protrusion in her abdomen, which the camera focused in on, begetting cheers from the crowd. The announcer of the event, who had been asking questions the whole show, asked Lily: “How are you feeling right now?” 

“Like a water balloon about to pop.” Lily said in a shaky voice. “I think I might… Be nearing my limit.” And just then the unmistakable sound of water cascading to the ground could be heard, and everyone had assumed that Lily had finally given in. But it was not so, for the Indian girl’s eyes rolled up as she leaned her head back, moaning in ecstasy as the torrent rushed out of her. Her meditation method had worked remarkably well, but had ultimately failed against traditional methods. Now it was just Lily and Natasha, America vs Russia. Needless to say this was quite the spectacle in the 60s. 

Molly never made it much further than this, but Grandma Lily continued to hold on for another 30 minutes (She didn’t have to drink any more, being that 2.5 liters was the limit). This was unprecedented in the history of High School holding competitions. Holding abilities of this caliber were typically only seen in Olympic holding events, and were uncommon for amateurs, especially for a 15-year-old freshman. Even for the legendary iron-bladdered Natasha, this was impressive. The room was silent, the announcer had stopped asking questions, and people were tuning in worldwide to see this anomaly of an event. 

Finally after a grand total of two hours and thirty-five minutes, the anguished scream of Natasha pierced the room as a lake of piss began to form under her chair. She attempted to stem the flood by clasping her hands on her crotch, but it was too late, she had wet herself and there was no stopping it. Ding Ding Ding. The tournament was over, and Lily was declared the winner. In fact she was the first ever freshman to win at internationals. And not only that, she set a new record for longest hold at the High School level. The crowd roared with applause, the announcer stumbling over his words as he declared her the winner, unable to believe what he was seeing. 

At this point Lily could have just let go and pissed herself, but instead decided to further cement her legend by standing and hobbling over to the clear glass toilet bowl in the middle of the room which winners were permitted to use if they so desired. Lily then plopped down on the toilet, lifted her dress, pulled down her lace panties, and a jet of piss like a firehose erupted from her urethra, clearly visible on the translucent toilet. Lily moaned loudly, as she leaned back, placing a hand on her distending bladder bulge as a look of sheer bliss washed over her face. 

After that, Lily became not only a local legend, but a world renowned piss holder. Winning all subsequent international events and even going on to become an Olympic holder, winning a gold medal in ‘76. She is the reason why the standard was so high for her granddaughter, Lily Preston. The reason why Molly pushed her daughters so hard, and why she pushed herself so hard all her life. Grandma Lily was the reason Fludd’s was so renowned, and the reason why her daughter Molly attended the school. And she was the reason that Molly forced Jessica to attend the school when she turned fifteen, and why Lily Preston was about to start at Fludd’s tomorrow. 

The fifteen-year-old was confident that after years of arduous and incessant bladder training from her mother and older sister, she would be able to succeed at the Fludd’s holding competitions and someday become an Olympic holder just like her grandmother. Of course, she had a long way to go until then, but for now she was content with just being excited to start her first day of high school. 

That's all for now. I don't know when (if ever) I'll continue this story, but I'd love to here everyone's thoughts be it praise or harsh criticism. I already have a bit of an idea as to where this story will go (if I do continue it), mainly chronicling Lily's adventures in high school with the occasional flashback to her bladder training throughout childhood. I'd love to have a colorful cast of characters at the high school, so let me know what high school stereotypes you want to see in this story, or let me know what kinds of situations you'd like to see. I can't make any promises but I'm always open to suggestions. Thanks for reading! Peace. 

