Seekers

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-02-26 19:46

PART ONE

"Hurry up, Ujurak!"

Kallik raced into the water and splashed around.

"Wait up!" Ujurak called, transforming into a fish and jumping in.

"Hey, guys!" barked Toklo.

"We didn't come here to play!"

"Sorry…" grunted Kallik.

"Ujurak, get us a birds eye view."

"Yes Toklo." the shape-shifting bear managed to get out as fins changed back to fur, and then to fantastic golden feathers as he turned into an eagle.

Ujurak took off into the air. There was a beautiful view, trees, grass, the lake- right stay focused, you're a bear. Not really a bird. You're a brown bear like Toklo.

He circled around several times before he felt his body growing heavier. He gasped as his wings vanished. The gold feathers melted into cocoa brown fur, and his beak morphed into a muzzle. He fell from the sky and landed in the lake with a splash. Water filled his mouth and nose. He felt liquid stream into his ears, and he coughed and struggled. He swallowed several mouthfuls of cold water.

"Help!" he gurggled.

He looked up, or atleast what he thought was up, and suddenly he felt teeth grab him by the fur on his neck.

"I got him!" called Kallik, lifting Ujurak up and out of the water.

"Th-thank you!" Ujurak gasped, shuddering at the numbness in his paws.

"Don't mention it." Kallik said, shaking the water from her fur.

"Just be more careful next time."

"There won't BE a next time!" snarled Toklo.

"What were you thinking, Ujurak!? You could've DIED!"

"Toklo, don't be like that."

The three turned around to see Lusa standing behind them.

Lusa heard him yelling, but she knew he had really been scared that something had happened to their friend. Ujurak was like a brother to him.

Ujurak coughed up afew drops of water, but he knew he had swallowed most of it. He moaned as he felt it slosh around inside of him.

Lusa turned to Ujurak when she heard him moaning.

"You okay?" she asked gently.

"Yeah," Ujurak lied.

"I'm fine."

*001*2012-02-26 20:09

PART TWO

"Ujurak, are you sure you're alright?" Kallik asked as the small brown bear cub stopped and looked down at his paws.

"Yeah it's just-" Ujurak sighed.

"Yeah, I'm sure."

"Well, let's get you cleaned up then!" Toklo growled.

"Y-yes brothe- I-I mean Toklo."

Lusa laughed. The two really were like brothers.

Toklo whipped his head around to glare at her.

"It's not funny! And Ujurak, stop fooling around!"

Ujurak lowered his gaze once more. He hadn't tried to be funny.

"Can we stop real quick?" Ujurak asked suddenly.

"No." replied Toklo.

"We'll be there by sunset."

"But Toklo, I really gotta-"

"NO!"

Ujurak sighed. He considered turning into a squirrel to get away, but he couldn't. His bladder was beginning to fill and it hurt him too much. There was no way he could transform without leaking some.

"Toklo," Kallik said, noticing Ujurak was clearly uncomfortable.

"I don't feel well. Could we take a quick break?"

Toklo sighed, but he guessed Kallik's paws would hurt after dragging Ujurak from the lake.

"Fine, but not too long."

Lusa sat down and Toklo went out to hunt.

Kallik turned to Ujurak.

"What's really wrong?" she asked her squirming friend.

"I really need to go, bad!" he growled.

Kallik sighed as she remembered him lying on the shore trying to cough up the water. With the amount he had swallowed, it was only natural that he would need to pee after.

"Can you hold it?"

"No!" a look of horror came over his face at the suggestion.

"Well then why don't you-"

Toklo came back before Kallik could finish.

"Nothing!" he spat.

"Not a single piece of prey worth my time!"

"Don't worry, Toklo," Lusa soothed,

"I'm sure there's better prey farther down the stream."

"Let's get moving then!" he snarled.

Kallik sighed.

"You'll just have to wait I guess, Ujurak."

*002*2012-02-26 20:56

PART THREE

Ujurak moaned. He was becoming more and more desperate by the minute, and Kallik knew he couldn't hold it much longer.

"Toklo, Ujurak has a thorn in his paw, I'm gonna get it out real quick. We'll catch up, 'Kay?"

"Sure," said Lusa before Toklo could reply.

Kallik looked at her friend with a worried look on her face.

"It hurts." Ujurak whispered, his face scrunched up in pain.

"Ujurak, you go behind a bush, I'll cover for you."

"But-"

"Go!" Kallik growled.

"Or would you rather wet yourself?"

"Alright, alright, I'm going, I'm going."

Ujurak raced into the forest and looked around wildly for a good sized bush.

"Ujurak!" Toklo shouted.

"He went to find some moss." Kallik lied.

"His paw was bleeding."

Toklo didn't believe her, atleast not completely. He wouldn't run like that if he had really hurt his paw, he would have limped like an injered duckling, but Toklo knew something was wrong with him, so he decided to let it go.

"I'll go help." he offered.

"No! I mean, urm, he said he can do it. He'll be fine."

Ujurak glanced around to make sure no one was looking, then squatted down. He sighed with relief as the warm liquid poured out of his body. There was a hissing noise as the flood hit the leaves under him, and he hoped nobody could hear him. It felt amazing to just let go, and he didn't want anyone to know his real reason for running off like that.

"Ujurak."

He spun around to see Toklo watching him. His felt his face grow warm with embaressment.

"Toklo I-"

"Should have said something earlier." he said, wishing he could take it back as the bear cub lowered his head in shame.

"Now move over." Toklo quickly snarled half-heartedly.

"I'm bursting here."

END

