Cassie and David: The Mall

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-14 00:09

CASSIE AND DAVID: THE MALL

Saturday morning dawned clear and sunny. Katy decided to take Cassie and David to the mall. She drove them in the little car her parents bought her for her 16th birthday. As soon as they arrived, she asked Cassie if she wanted to play a naughty game. "Cassie, do you want me to buy you a bottle of water, and see how long you can hold your pee while we shop?"

"Okay," said Cassie, who was wearing a denim skirt, a white blouse, and sneakers. As soon as they entered the mall, Katy bought a 1-liter bottle of water, which Cassie started drinking.

After a half-hour or so, Cassie had downed the whole thing. They started shopping, checking out clothes, jewelry, and the like.  They continued for over an hour, by which time the water was starting to hit Cassie’s bladder. They decided to eat lunch. They each picked out something to eat, then sat down in the food court. Cassie, at Katy’s urging, had a pop to drink, which was only going to fill her bladder more. As the sat eating, Cassie began tapping her right leg from time to time.

"I have to pee," she said.

They finished eating, and got up to ship some more. They stood for a minute to decide which store to visit next, Cassie crossing her legs while she waited. "How about we go into the toy store?" said David. Katy and Cassie agreed and off they went. David wanted to see the video games, telling the girls all about the coolest games. Cassie started shaking her right knee forward and back, as he spoke. "I really have to pee," she said.

Next it was Cassie’s turn. She showed David and Katy the latest styles of Barbie dolls. She was really excited about them, and it wasn’t helping her bladder at all. She started stepping from foot to foot as she babbled on about the dolls. Stopping her marching every so often to raise her right thigh and squeeze it against her other one. "This is-uh-th-um-th-McDonald’s Barbie, and-uh-th-this-um-one-th-is senior prom-th-Barbie!" she said. "Oh! I’m-th-going to-th-pee myself." Kay hurried them out of the toy store. David noticed that Cassie was trying to squeeze her legs together as they walked.

Katy led them into a clothing store. She headed for the fitting rooms and steered Cassie into one. "I can’t-th-hold it-th-any-th-more!", said Cassie as she stood in the changing room. "Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh No!" moaned Cassie, "It’s coming out!" Katy and David could see Cassie’s feet below the curtains that closed the entrance to the booth. They grinned as a stream of pee hit the carpet between Cassie’s shoes, soaking it and forming a puddle on the floor. Cassie peed for over a minute. When the flow stopped, she stepped out of the booth, leaving a trail of wet shoe prints. Katy and David were surprised to see that Cassie’s skirt was dry. All of the pee had fallen straight down, only soaking her panties. Cassie looked at David and grinned, "I peed myself again," she giggled.

After their adventure at the mall, Katy, David, and Cassie were headed back to Cassie’s house in Katy’s car. "Uh, guys?" said David, "You know that pop I drank at the mall? I really have to pee."

"Well, you better not pee yourself like I did," said Cassie. A short while later, David, who was wearing silver basketball shorts and a matching shirt, started scissoring his legs open and shut. "Katy, please hurry- I don’t know how long I can hold it," he said. They pulled into the driveway, and David jumped out of the car.

He tried to head for the house, but Cassie ran up to him. She grabbed his arm and held him back. "Hey! Th-let me go-th! You’re-th going to-th make me-th pee myself," said David. Katy joined them and said to Cassie, "Let’s tickle him!" The two girls pushed David to the ground. Katy tickled his stomach, while Cassie tickled his armpits. "Ha! Ha! Ha! Stop! Oh! Oh! Ha! Ha! Oh! No! I Peed Myself! Ha! Ha!" All three laughed wildly as pee soaked the front of David’s shorts, a large dark spot of wetness forming on the front.

"Oh man! I can’t believe I peed myself," said David. "Join the crowd," said Katy, as they all giggled.

