First-person fictions

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-08-13 05:32

So, with this whole thing going on in the Wetting Experiences forum about fake experiences, I thought I could creatively exploit the situation by practicing first-person fictions, being put in "too good to be true" situations.

STORY ONE: SUBWAY DESPERATION

I didn't know what time it was, but it was kind of late. I had been out with my friends in New York, visiting over the summer. We had gone drinking at an upscale bar. I looked classy - the nicest black shirt I had matched with tight beige dress pants and white dress shoes. I drank a lot, but enough to keep me sober and awake. Soon afterwards, they were going out somewhere else as well. It was like 1 in the morning, and I was already getting tired. We arrived at 4 in the morning from the airport, and all we did was just check into our hotel room, and leave right afterwards. I hadn't slept in forever.

I had to be the deadbeat in our group, and call it a night. They tried to persuade me, but it wasn't enough to keep me from dropping out, and heading to the hotel.

Naturally, I didn't have enough money. I had a credit card, and that was all. I didn't think that a taxi would carry a credit card scanning thing, and if they did, I wouldn't feel too comfortable with that. You can never be too sure who is running a real business or not. I instead chose to use the subway. Safer, as far as I knew, and more reliable.

The nearest subway station was about a few blocks down the road.

As I was leaving the bar, I had started to feel a tingling feeling. I realized that I had to go to the bathroom. Nothing really urgent, it's just the tingling feeling that gets me. Anyways, I was more tired than anything, so I played it off. I could hold it until I got to the hotel. And I didn't want to bother taking that much time in a public restroom. And even if I wanted to, everything was either closed or busy.

I had finished walking the four blocks to the subway station. The feeling in my bladder got a little worse, because I walked without any stop, having the luck of getting green lights on the crosswalks. I paid for a pass with my card, and got down to the platform to wait. Not a lot of people were there. Maybe a dozen or so, and most looked like professionals and business people heading home after a long night of work.

Skip forward 15 minutes. The train wasn't there, and my need was starting to increase. I found myself crossing my legs subconsciously. I originally dismissed my need as something I could hold, and now it was starting to get uncomfortable. The coldness of the underground wasn't helping. I felt goosebumps in my back and arms. It was cold, and I was tired. I closed my eyes, just to help me relax a little.

I woke up. I was startled by the sudden noise of the train coming. Once I came to my senses, I realized one thing right away. I needed the toilet, and really bad. I don't know how long I slept for, since my phone was dead. The alcohol and fatigue knocked me down really good. My bladder was screaming for relief, and I was not prepared for that. In the meanwhile, I stood up to catch the train. My bladder soon cramped up, and I doubled in pain, squeezing my hands in between my legs to fight back. I caught a few glances of people noticing me hold myself.

My face turned red with the embarrassment of holding myself and having people notice me. I quickly sat down in the isolated end of the car in shame and desperation. My bladder was demanding relief, and I had mistakenly calculated that I hold it. I realized that I needed a bathroom, and fast. I don't know if the alcohol was messing with my perception of my bladder, since I felt the dizzying effects of alcohol ware off while my desperation increased.

The train was speeding down the tunnel by then. I kept shifting my legs back and forth. I was about 3 stations away from the hotel, so the next stop would be a third of the way. I took a deep breathe in. The train started to slow down as it reached the station. However, it wasn't the station I had in mind. I went to see the map on the side of the door of the train. I carefully stood up, and paced my way to the map. My heart sank when I saw that I had gone the wrong way.

Stupid, really fucking stupid!

I was frustrated at the news. However, the good news was that the train going in the right direction was right there, on the other side of the platform. I had a bladder to hold, so I had to consider whether to sprint or not. If I didn't, then I would have to wait. I could not take the risk. I (at least) power walked to the next train, and got on. About as I was about to sit and slow down, my heart dropped again at the realization that I was leaking. I felt a small dribble go down my leg. I jolted to the nearest seat, and shoved my hands between my legs. It stopped the dribbling.

At the very least, I was alone in the car. I waited for the train to start before I could inspect the damage, in fears of someone coming into the car. The train started speeding, and I sat up a little to check for wetness. There was a small patch of wetness that was dark and visible, due to my pants being beige. It wasn't bad, but noticeable.

I took the liberty to hold myself while being alone. I whimpered and squirmed freely, and it did help out. I stopped to hold my posture once the train stopped at the original station. Nobody came in, and I continued. Next station (1/3rd of the way), nobody. Next station, nobody as well, I was on a streak. The next stop was my last. I felt myself go cold with emotional relief as the train stopped at the last stop. I got up slowly, and stepped out into the station. Thankfully, there was even an elevator there too, for disabled people.

Nobody needed it, so I didn't feel bad using it to go up. The only thing that could go wrong was if it shut down while I was in here. That didn't happen, but something else did happen. I felt another dribble. I grabbed myself as tight as possible. I felt my eyes get teary. I was starting to wet myself. I have never felt this embarrassed before. I stepped out sheepishly, with the discomfort of the dampness in my underwear and parts of my leg.

Only a couple of blocks more. I moaned, hoping to make it. Some people did notice again, but I couldn't help it.

I tried my best to walk to the hotel. Then it happened.

What started as a dribble turned into a full stream. I clenched my hands down to stop it, but my hands provided enough pressure for my pee to shoot in all directions. I removed my hands, now shaking with relief and shock. I stepped to the side of the sidewalk, letting a couple walk be me, glancing at me disgracing myself. I could hear the girl giggle from a distance away.

I felt the pee run down the back and front of my pants, pooling into my shoes and the floor. It felt so good though. I have never felt this much relief. I took a broken breath in. It lasted forever.

My bladder finally stopped. A few spurts came out, but that was it. I felt relief, and then the shame.

I felt a few tears of humiliation go past my cheeks. I let a small sob out. I was out in a big city, with nobody but my friends, and I had just wet my pants. I retreated to a wall and begin to sob. I couldn't believe this. I thought I could hold it, but ended up peeing my pants. The wetness on beige clearly allowed the world to see my accident. The cold and clammy feeling of wet fabric only intensified my humiliation. I didn't know what to do.

I had to get to my room, fast. I had to walk past strangers, with my wet pants clear on display for everyone to see, and for everyone to later laugh at about. I had to go through a walk of shame to the hotel, keeping my head down.

I sheepishly entered the hotel. There wasn't a lot of people, but the few people there noticed the poor girl walking by, wearing her pee-soaked clothes. I made it to the elevator, and went to my floor.

I had to shower and change myself. But no matter how much I would wash myself or change myself, the embarrassment was permanent.

I made it to my room. I reached into my purse for the keys, desperate for clean clothes and a place away from people. Just then, the only thing that could make this night worse for me happened.

The stupid, fucking, retarded key to the room. I forgot it. My friends have it. I never asked for the key. I could not get into the room.

This was too much. I leaned my back into the door after trying to hopelessly open it without the key. I slid down to the floor, and began crying. My phone was dead, so I couldn't call for any of my friends. A clean pair of pants, a private space and a warm shower was just in my reach, but just like that, it was taken away.

People passing by couldn't help but glance at me. The poor young woman who was crying, and who wet herself like someone of one third of her age. Of course, nobody wanted to intervene, with the distant smell of liquor coming from around her. To them, I was just a helpless drunk who was too washed up to get to a toilet on time. I had to stay outside my room, in wet pants, in disgrace, in view of anyone, until my friends came. I don't know when they would get here. I didn't have any more willpower to even ask for help downstairs in the front desk. My only hope was that maybe, just maybe my pants would dry up by the time they got here.

*004*2015-10-14 22:44

I'm finally back here, after another dry spell!

STORY TWO: THE SADISTIC TEACHER'S ASSISTANT

I rushed up the stairs, gulping down the rest of the contents of the large coffee I had gotten. I needed caffine today, since today was the midterm for general chemistry. I had been doing poorly in various tests, and I wanted to savage my grade. I needed at least a high B, so I had stayed up late and woke up really early to study. All that time, I had been drinking water and tea to keep me awake and aware. I skipped taking a quick shower, ate a donut and a coffee for breakfast, and put on a regular black t-shirt and faded jeans over the underwear I use for bed. I felt ready for this exam, there was no way I could get anything lower than what I needed!

Upon arriving to the class, the seats were quickly filled up. Since there were too many people to organize the class to sit one seat apart from each other, we were crowded up like in regular lectures. I found a seat in the front row of the class, in between two other girls. I sat back, and quickly looked through a few notecards that I had gotten. At that moment, I felt a funny urge. It slowly occured to me that my bladder was beginning to fill up. Not once did I use the bathroom while studying.

Still feeling a bit nervous, I dediced to go over my notecards one last time before I get up to go use the bathroom. Halfway through the notecards, one of the TAs started to yell over the class.

"Alright, it's exactly noon right now, so please turn off your phones and put away notes, we're passing out the exam!"

Dammit. I didn't notice the time, nor the TA nearby. They started to pass out the exams as people put their stuff away. I should have gone to the bathroom, but I guess I had to wait now. I got my exam, and immediately began. 30 multiple choice questions, and 4 free responses, with two and a half hours to complete it. I had enough time for the test, and I was sure I could wait for the bathroom.

A few minutes had passed, about 10 minutes. I had answered only 3 questions, since many of them were about kinetics. While putting stuff into the calculator, I couldn't help but notice that my need for the toilet was beginning to give me issues. I took a deep breath in, and a deep breath out. I could only shake my foot to keep my body distracted, although I wanted to at least put a hand over my abdomen, but it would be too obvious to the girls sitting next to me. I felt my mouth begin to get dry a little. But I could wait.

Another 20 minutes. I was on question 13, since the equilibrium stuff was kind of easy. I could feel the mild stinging of urine pushing against my bladder. I shook my foot a little bit more faster now. I looked at the clock, and it had been about half an hour into the time, give or take a few minutes. But I think I could wait.

This time, it was about another 10 minutes later. Question 15. I was beginning to panic. I was more focused on my desperation than the test. I had shifted around in my seat, much to the annoyance of the people next to me. I felt that I was breathing a bit more heavy now. I couldn't help but notice that the girl next to me kept glancing her eyes at me, giving me annoyed looks. I coudn't stay still. I really needed to go to the bathroom.

15 minutes went by. Question 20. I needed to go, and badly. I deeply regretted not going earlier. I bit my lower lip in desperation. I had to finish the test first though. So far, I was confident with all but 2 of my answers. I needed to get a few more correct on the multiple choice, and make an effort on the free response, and I could leave.

10 minutes went by. The first hour was over. By then, I had to discreetly put my hand on my lap. I was bursting. Too much liquid, and the fact that I had been sitting in this seat for an hour were making it worst for me. I decided to take my shot. I just had to, I really couldn't handle it. I couldn't risk having an accident. I turned red as I wrote on the scrap paper, and raised my hand.

The same TA that gave me the test came over. She looked cute, wearing a loose wool sweater with black jeans, and her long brunette hair was feathered elegantly.

"Yes?" she said quietly, with a smile. I shamefully pointed to what I had written on my paper.

"Can I please use the bathroom, Ireally need it, I'll leave my phone behind"

She frowned, and shook her head.

"Sorry, I can't let you do that, you should have gone to the bathroom before the test".

I turned red in embarrassment, since she said it audiable enough for people around to hear my predicament. Now both girls next to me were glancing at me with annoyence. I still felt a bit embarrassed about that. I was denied the bathroom in front of a dozen people. I could hear a snicker behind me. I took a deep breath as I continued the test. I could see the TA talk to another TA, both of the girls looked at my direction and giggled quietly.

Maybe like 15 minutes passed. In that time, I only answered one question. My situation was getting worse. The TA, for some reason, began walking around my area, looking at me with what I could tell was a small smile on her face. I kept on shifting in my seat, trying to cross my legs. I groaned quietly, trying to hold it in. I suddenly felt a small leak. I exhaled my breath, and quickly put my left hand in between my legs. I stopped leaking, but I could feel a small spot of wetness on my jeans. I kept glancing at the TA, begging her with my slightly teary eyes. I kept eye contact, and I realized that my predicament was only entertainment for her.

10 minutes later, I felt another leak. This time it was longer. I pressed my hand down. I didn't care if any of the people around me noticed, although I was sure they were noticing.

Oh god, oh god, oh no!!!

No matter how hard I pressed, I couldn't stop leaking. I felt the growing warmth in my seat, and I could see a medium-sized wet spot grow on my crotch. I realized that if I wasn't out of here in the next few minutes, I was going to wet my pants, guaranteed.

The TA looked over at me, and I had a feeling that she could tell that I was losing control.

I felt a single tear run down my cheek. I was about to humiliate myself in a class of like 200 people. It wasn't fair. At that point, keeping my dignity was more important than my grade. I could afford to study for A's on my next test and the final. With that thought, I felt an emotional relief, which I quickly realized was physical too.

The wetness spread through my seat, soaking my butt and behind my thighs. I felt a few streaks go down my legs, slithering into my shoes and wetting my socks. Even with my panties, jeans, and fingers, the pressure was strong enough to let urine go through its barriers, forming a little pool in between my legs. I didn't know how long I peed for. My jeans and panties were soaked, and my dignity was destroyed. I stood still for a minute, and shifted around a little to empty the pool of urine on my lap. Both girls weren't just glancing at me, but staring at me. The TA was also glancing very intensely at me. So many thoughts were racing in my head. I had just wet myself like a little girl in the middle of a large class.

I was totally red. I fought back tears, because I just wanted to curl up and cry. I didn't know what to do. I was wearing light-colored jeans, so the wetness was very noticable. I had no spare clothes or a sweater to tie around my waist, so I had no way of hiding my accident from anyone. I was in the front row, and I had to walk across the campus to get to the parking lot. I felt a few more tears run down my cheeks.

The TA kept looking at me, but she wasn't smiling. She was staring very intently, as if she was interested in what just happened to me. I kept my head down, and went back to my test. The discomfort of the now cold jeans were distracting me. Since it was the first time I emptied my bladder in last few hours, it was pretty concentrated and started to get icky and itchy easily. I sheepishly worked on the test. I just wanted to get out, I didn't care about the test anymore. I was confident with a B, and thats what I think I would get. I finished up my multiple choice questions

Finally, after sitting in my wet seat for an hour, and the test was over. The humiliation didn't get better with time, as I knew I was still being watched by the TA, as well as the people around me. The tests were being passed down the rows, and the girl to my left handed me the pile of tests, clearly getting a shot of my jeans. She opened her mouth, but closed it, as if she were going to tell me something, but didn't for unknown reasons. I added my test to the pile, and gave it to the girl on my right, who gave me a sympathetic look. The TA took the tests at the end of the row, and I noticed she was counting the people in our row and pulled out a test from the center of the stack.

With that, everyone was dismissed. I placed both hands on my lap, trying to cover up my accident as best as I could from the people walking by. Unfortunately, the darkness of the gray carpet underneath me was clear evidence of what had happened. I just wanted to curl up and disappear. I held back a sob as I realized I still had a long walk to the car, and a long drive back home. All I wanted was just a shower and clean clothes.

The rest of the TAs were talking in front of the room, each picking up a pile of exams. With everyone gone, and the TAs leaving as well, I was one of the only few people still left in the room. I had decided that it was time for me to go to my walk of shame, taking comfort in the few people left in the room that would see my accident. I noticed my hands were trembling as I picked up my bookbag. I ran out the room in tears. There were people in the hallway - a lot of them. They could all see me in my wet jeans, so I walked as fast as I could, past the bathroom. I thought about going to the bathroom to at least clean up, but it was pointless.

As I was walking by the bathroom, I heard something.

"Hey, excuse me!"

I hesitated to stop, as I wasn't in the state for conversations. I looked to see the TA that had denied me the bathroom. She was standing in front of the bathroom, waving her hand at me.

"Come, I need to talk to you!"

My heart was racing. I didn't know what to do. I didn't want to talk, I just wanted to go home. But I saw that another large class was being dismissed, so I ran out of their sight, into the bathroom.

The TA was in the bathroom, and apparently we were alone.

"Follow me" she said as she grabbed my hand, and we both went into the handicap stall that was big enough for even more than two people. She opened her bookbag, and went through it.

"I don't know what happened to you that would distract you..." she said with a smirk, "but it seems you missed a big part of your test"

She took out my test, and handed it to me. I realized that in my rush to get out of the classroom, I had forgotten to answer any of the free response. I panicked. This was almost half of my grade. If I failed this test, the chances of me passing would be very, very slim.

"B-b-b, I, but, I d-didn't, I mean w-what can I do, t-to..." I stammered out. At that point, I didn't bother to keep myself from crying. Not only had I wet my pants, but I failed the test. I sobbed gently in front of the TA, trying to at least beg for a second chance. It was pathetic, but I didn't know how else to react.

"P-please, please, let m-m-me at least, at least answer t-two, p-please!!!" I choked out through my sobbing. "It's not fa-fair, I had an accident, ple-please don't do this to me!!!"

The TA giggled, and I noticed she was blushing as well.

"Tell you what...." she said quietly, as if trying to be discreet. "I'll just pretend I graded the tests, then I'll accidentally lose yours and a few others to cover my tracks...."

I nodded in agreement.

"And, since you aren't grown-up enough to make it to the bathroom, I'll run really quick to my car to get you spare clothes I have that I use for the gym, sounds good?"

I nodded as I felt a huge relief.

"And in return for that, you have to do something for me...." she said

"Wh....what, yeah, what do you want?" I stammered out, in a calmer way.

She giggled as she pulled me closer to her.

"First off, my name is Nadine" she said with an as-a-matter-of-fact tone

"I'll show you want I want" she said in a "seductive" way, as I felt one of her hands caress my lower back, and make its way under my jeans, and under my panties.

After an hour or so, I was speechless. Even though they were wet, I pulled up my jeans, as Nadine left the stall. I was still blushing, but not out of embarassment.

"Stay here, I'll get you some clothes, OK?"

I nodded without making a noise. I sat down on the toilet, still a bit uncomfortable from being in wet clothes. Nadine came back with a pair of sweatpants, although I still had to be in wet panties. She gave me a plastic bag to put my jeans in, and she walked me to my car. Before getting into my car, she gave me her phone number as she walked away. I could swear that her black jeans were glimmering a little bit, but her jeans were too dark to tell. I couldn't help but notice a few drops of something around the area she was standing in, trailing off to her direction.

Something told me that this wouldn't be the last encounter that I would have with her

