Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 13

Author: omobecca

*240*2021-06-05 22:38

What happened? (Part 2)

“What why?!”

“We just can’t. We’re not allowed. No one’s allowed in”

“That’s not… that’s not fair! I’m not on a Covid ward!”

“No one is allowed anywhere, Lula. Sorry. Look, we’re outside now. We’re here. But they won’t let us in”

Lula dropped her phone to her lap and rested her head back on her pillow. Her eyes welled with tears. She had to raise her head again though as her throat ached as it stretched. She lightly coughed into her elbow before focusing back on her screen and her Mum’s face.

“So… what happens then?” she asked worryingly.

“You wait I’m afraid. Get better. Let your throat heal. Don’t leave the ward” her Mum began to well up herself. Tears were leaving streaks down Lula’s cheeks.

“I don’t know how long that’ll be” she cried.

“Stay safe, honey” her Mum said before both her and Lula’s Dad blew kisses to the phone. Lula tried to smile but failed. The call ended. Her throat was dry again from where she had been speaking. She had suffered some lasting damage from smoke inhalation. Luckily she was Covid free, but the nurses were worried her condition would make her vulnerable to pick up further problems. Whilst keeping an eye on her they were trying to reduce actual contact. All the staff were masked up and wearing flimsy plastic aprons. They had kept Lula in the same ward she woke up in a day before. That phone call was the first time she was awake enough to even try and have a full conversation with someone other than her main nurse, Claire.

She had gotten to know Claire quite well. Against her will anyway, she thought. Claire was lucky, or unlucky, enough to be the one clearing up after Lula’s accidents; which she had had a few of since being brought in. She was so physically exhausted that her body was resting through some usually controllable bodily functions. Lula hated it. She felt disgustingly not in control of her own body but knew she had to let her throat heal.

Lula was already sat in a damp puddle she had made earlier. Her parents were allowed to drop off a single bag of homely comforts. Claire was now able to help change Lula into a few pairs of her own pyjamas. She hated how Claire was responsible for cleaning the pee out of her own clothes. She knew it was… her job… but she felt guilty and embarrassed. She hadn’t yet taken advantage of it though. She wanted to like being able to, quite literally, wet the bed whenever she wanted. But she felt bad. She felt awful. She didn’t want to make anyone’s job harder. But damn. She knew if she was here much longer that she could.

Shuffling her backside from side to side, Lula felt the damp sheet tug and pull. There was a quiet rustling as the sheet moved. She sighed. She tingled slightly down there. No. No. Nonononono. N.O. She couldn’t let herself get excitable. She could hardly move out of her bed without getting tired, let alone try and touch herself. And there were people in the beds around her. Just no. But dang, she wanted to.

She had only conversed with the person on her left and right. To her left was an elderly woman maybe in her 70’s. She was hooked up to a pressure thingy? A bleepy machine? She struggled to breath sometimes but Lula couldn’t figure out why. She was a nice lady who meant well but couldn’t carry a conversation for too long before having to use her ventilator to breath. Lula had a ventilator too hung up on her right hand side. She tried not to use it much but it was nice to soothe her throat every now and then. A quick swig of cooling air to fill her throat. A fresh tickle of, what she could only compare to, ice cold water after brushing your teeth. The person on her right was probably in her twenties. A larger girl who was a mouth breather. That annoyed her. She would get up and loaf around in her slippers. She wouldn’t even pick her feet up off the floor. Lula couldn’t really figure out why she was here. She seemed fine on the surface other than maybe being unhealthily… large.

Lula plugged her phone back on charge and left it on the white metal table to her side. She pulled up her cover and hid beneath it to hide the fact she was crying. She stared at her long, pink pyjamas covering her legs. They were noticeably darker around her crotch but it had been a while so she assumed they were starting to dry out naturally. She huffed at turned to her right before dryly coughing. Crying was bad. Crying hurt.

“Are you. Okay? My dear” she heard a faint voice outside the duvet. Like a meerkat Lula peered her head back into the open. It was Dottie on the bed to her left. She was leaning over and had pulled the ventilator away from her mouth. Lula wiped her eyes and sat up.

“Yeah” Lula lied. “Just miss my parents”

“Oh dear. Is that who you were speaking to?”

“Yeah” she admitted, drying her eyes again, grunting to ease her throat.

“It’ll be okay, you know” Dottie said gently.

“What will?” Lula asked. Dottie put her ventilator back on and took a few deep breaths. She pulled it back off and took a few more. Her lips were now wet.

“You. You’ll be okay. I’ve seen a lot of people come through here. I heard them saying what happened to you. Terrible. I can’t begin to…” she took another couple of breaths from her ventilator. “I can’t begin to imagine how… or why… you were in that situation but apparently you helped another girl get out too. You’re kind. You have a big heart. Someone or something is looking out for you”

Does she mean Charlotte? Is Charlotte here? Or Rosie? Oh, Rosie. I hope she’s okay. She must have got out before me. I told her to. She must be.

“What are people saying? When I’m asleep? Was it… bad?” Lula asked She had purposefully avoided any news about the fire. She felt guilty enough as it was but also too tired and had slept through most of her time in the hospital so far.

“I’ve only overheard, my dear, but I don’t mean to pry” Dottie admitted.

“No… no… what do you know? Have they said any names? Rosie? Sakura? Charlotte? T… Tom? I’m not… I didn’t start the… what? Do they think I was involved?”

Her head hurt. She had so many questions. She fumbled for the cup of water on her table. Her throat was drying out. She groaned again.

“Take it easy” Dottie chuckled. “Kids will be kids” she admitted. “Like I said, you have a kind heart and I don’t think you’re capable, if I may say, of causing harm to others. They have said that you were only there momentarily? Apparently to help? Some other people your age have spoken out and said that you, Lula? Right? Were worried for a friend? Hmm. Like I said. Kind” Dottie laid on her back and replaced her ventilator. Not only before giving Lula a big, wrinkled smile, Lula smiled back, her eyes filling up again. At least her eyes didn’t burn anymore. She believed that’s all she was getting from Dottie today. She tired quickly. Her heart melted for Dottie. Her slow, considered words. The honesty in everything she said. Hoe long had she been there? How long had anyone not been able to see her? Lula felt sorry for her.

She felt like Dottie was extended family even though she’d only known her for a few days. Dottie had tried to brush her wispy white hair a few times only to fail and give up, sighing. Lula imagined she usually had someone to do it for her. She desperately wanted to help her in the mean time. Not as much however, she was desperate herself to pee suddenly. This must be why she felt so dehydrated all the time. But she was awake. She was aware. This would be the first time so far she would decide to wet the bed. There was no way she would try and get down and find the closest toilet; which, actually, she had no idea where it even was. She was keen to get up and start walking about but was just too… fucking… tired… all the time. She took a long, dry, deep breath before turning and facing the ceiling.

“Thank you” she whimpered, peering back over to Dottie. Lula could make out the old lady clenching her first in support and bobbing it up and down, as if wanting to grab Lula’s own hand tightly. Lula started trying not to cry again.

Overwhelmed with emotion and pain, Lula gave in and decided to stop holding. The bed was already wet. She already needed to be changed. She hid back beneath her covers and watched as a pale yellow puddle grew beneath her, resoaking the sheets and darkening her pyjama bottoms once more. She could feel the material of her underwear cling to her dampened skin as the warm pee cascaded down her crotch. She had already guessed that he mattress was protected. It was a hospital, why wouldn’t it be?

She had always assumed that hospital beds were made of that shiny plastic and any liquids just ran off but her pee wasn’t running anywhere. Her backside was drowned in a slowly absorbing pool of her pee. She wiggled slightly to let the pool move around her. Was anyone watching? Did anyone know? Does it make a difference? Had people seen or heard her do it while she slept? Was she actually getting away with this? To an extent it was exhilarating; wetting the bed in a room of people. Lula groaned. She couldn’t hold it back. She began to tingle some more. She burnt with excitement. She spluttered. Her throat was dry. The mood was killed.

After a deflated ten minutes or so, Lula finally considered how weird it actually was. Peeing. Wetting. With no ability to react to the act it became redundant. It wasn’t an effortless task. Cleaning. The mess. Hiding evidence. Timing. Not being caught. Like sure she loved doing it as much as she hated to admit it but having just been able to wet herself and the bed she was laying in, in public, in front of other people, in broad daylight, the act became meaningless? The awkwardness wasn’t there. The ability to actually do it killed the mood.

Am I just dirty? Christ… what else could I do in secret to turn me on? Something less messy? Less time consuming? Less planning?

Lula’s mind raced with thoughts. She reflected back to when this had all started. The infamous day where she had forgotten her house keys and was stuck outside in the rain. That first decision to literally piss her pants. That feeling. The rush. The luck. The opportunity. The fact her crotch was as warm with pee now as it was back then. That sudden high of ‘what the fuck am I doing?’ mixed with ‘this is fucking great!’. A strange and unnatural taboo situation. For a second she was grossed out. The mood quickly passed.

She remembered how her bond with Rosie had grown since they realised what they both did. The experiences they had shared. What they had seen each other do. How they had helped each other. Every cloud has a silver… huh, silver… gold? Cloud? Rain? Golden… rain? The fuck…? She shook the thought from her head. She enjoyed the feeling of her own pee and wettings but always pushed the thought of someone else doing it… to? …on? her?... out of her mind. That did gross her out. But why? Why did her limit seem to end there? Why not…? No. You dirty bitch.

The thought of messing had crept back again. She briefly thought about it earlier that morning; knowing she was bed bound for possibly a long time. She, luckily, hadn’t needed to do it yet but what would happen when she did? Press the button and get the closest nurse to help her to a toilet? The thought of the situation filled her with a boiling hot embarrassment. She knew whoever saw to her would clean her up. They had to. It’s their job. But… she’d never done it before. Pee was one thing but… poop? That’s very different. Her curiosity was sparked though. Like her first few experiences trialling wetting. She knew it was wrong and disgusting but she did it anyway? This could be her opportunity to literally do whatever she wanted and get away with it. Her parents would never know. Once the curtains were closed no one else in the room would know. The nurses would know… that would be the killer. But they’ve seen worse… right?

Lula needed a distraction. Being more awake and alert she had been since she arrived, she picked up her phone and stared at the lock screen/ Nothing. Why hadn’t Rosie texted? Nothing from Sakura? Nothing from anybody. Did she dare look on Facebook? But why hasn’t Rosie called? Why hasn’t she said anything? I should… message her? Does she know I’m here? Is she here somewhere? God I need to know.

Lula: “Hey where are you?”

Nothing.

Lula: “What happened?”

Nothing.

Lula: “I’m in the hospital”

Nothing.

Lula: “I’m okay though!” she panickily typed.

Nothing.

Lula: “Please get back to me”

Nothing.

Lula felt angry. Why wasn’t Rosie replying? Why hadn’t she said anything? Lula reluctantly opened Facebook.

‘Local youths burn down beauty spot’

‘Kids commit arson’

‘Teenagers missing after woodland fire’

MISSING?!

Lula clicked on the article and frantically skimmed the text. No names. Fuck. She had no idea who to message. She didn’t want to speak to her parents again as she’d end up crying. Who was there? She’d heard nothing from Sakura either. Were her and Rosie together? They can’t have been. That’s not what she remembered. Her phone shook in her hands. She had started to sweat. Her heart raced. Her throat pulsated with pain.

Lula: “Help”

Nothing.

Lula: “What happened?

Tom: “ (o o o) “

$$

*243*2021-06-07 00:40

A Nightmare Situation

FYI there’s messing in this chapter. Sorry not sorry. Enjoy, hopefully.

Also, in response the above question. No. Nothing like this ever happened to me. Thank you for asking. I do know through a friend though who had a traumatic injury. I’m shamelessly pulling from their experience. They recovered I should add, to ease my guilt. We’re still good friends. But yes, some of what Lula goes through I have also been through. What though? You’ll never know ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

The lift doors slid shut. Lula turned to face Rosie. She wasn’t there. Panic set in. She frantically turned around, spinning on her feet. Rosie wasn’t in there with her. Lula patted at the walls of the lift. She could feel a slight vibration in her palms. The lift was definitely moving but she couldn’t tell in which direction. Strangely however, she knew what was coming. There was a loud ding. Both sets of doors opened. Smoke bellowed into the lift from her right and plants fell onto her from the left.

Lula instinctively turned away from the smoke and ran left, covering her mouth. Instantly she was overwhelmed by the muggy heat trapped by the oversized leaves. Smoke started to seep through the lift that was just sat in amongst the plants. A shot was loudly fired off in front of her. Lula flinched and ducked. Another shot. This time something flew over her head. Pieces of plant and twig brushed past her. The wooden frame of the lift took an impact and splinters exploded outwards from the black smoke. Lula whimpered and then ran.

Smoke started to block out the sunlight. Day was becoming night. The ground beneath her was getting muddier. Her trainers were starting to get stuck in the thick soil. Her face was hot and layered in sweat. Her fringe was stuck to her forehead. She darted left again hoping the ground would dry out. Looking over her shoulder she saw a wall of smoke. Surely nothing could be following her form behind?

“Lula!” yelled a voice.

Lula tripped to a halt. She fell and faceplanted the floor. Maybe not conveniently so, the ground had hardened and the impact of the solid mud smashed against her chin. She moaned out loud in pain and rolled onto her back with her knees in the air. Scrunching her face up in agony, she peered down her chest and saw a wall of fire approaching her. She scrambled backwards getting her palms and backside dirty.

“Lula!” the same voice called out.

Rosie?

“Rosie!!?” she cried out.

“Rosie!!? Sakura!!? Oh… Rosie!!?”

No response.

Lula pulled herself from the floor and rubbed her hands on her tattered jeans. Her school skirt began to ride down from the force she was rubbing with. The fuck? Her school uniform was ruined. There were holes in her tights. She was now wearing flat shoes that were caped in mud. Her shirt was grass stained and covered in dry mud. Her tie hung loosely from around her neck. She looked up in panic and saw her black school jumper hanging from a leaf. A drooped sleeve had caught alight. The whole sleeve was on fire. Fuck fuck fuck!

Lula turned once again and began to run. The backs of her shoes slapped against her heels as she tried to quicken her pace. Quickly deciding to hop a few steps, Lula pulled her shoes from her feet and threw them to the floor. She could feel every next step on the bottoms of her feet. Every stone, every mound, every root. She could feel the bottoms of her tights dampen and tear. She could feel herself starting to cry but had to time to get upset. Who was screaming her name? Where were they?

“Help!” a distanced voice cried out.

“ROSIE!?” she screamed back, still unaware of where the voice was coming from. She stopped once more and tensed her feet. Wet mud squeezed from between her now exposed toes. She felt the inside of her tights fill slightly with mud. It felt awful and gritty. She seemed to have outrun the fire though. And there was light! Lula paced forwards towards the light between the stems. She tripped out into the open, battered and bruised. She fell onto loose rocks. Lots of them. She clenched her fists and filled her hands with stones. Stones? What? She clambered up and looked out upon the beach in front of her. The sun was setting a deep orange behind the sea. The clouds were a pretty yellow and purple. But then she looked straight up. The sky was disappearing behind an impenetrable, heavy smog. She could feel her back get warmer. She turned and noticed the fire. Her chest hurt from her forced exhale. She ran again.

Her feet ached trying to keep balanced on the stones. She slipped and slid around. She could feel sharp shells pierce her skin. Everything seemed to be getting darker with each inch she ran. The sun continued to set behind a distance that seemed to be getting further away. Another shot was fired. Lula was caught off guard and threw her hands to her ears, slamming her eyes shut. She cried out loud. She could feel her feet get covered with a gentle wave. She cried out again. Another shot. Seagulls squawked above her as they flew away. Another wave. A loud rustle of stones. Many stones moving towards her. She opened her eyes and turned around. A massive wall of beach stones were cascading towards her. Each shattered as they fell.

She glared, open eyed, at the impossible feat raging towards her. She had no choice. She ran again. This time she thought faster than before. The pain under her feet was unbearable but she had to run. She closed her eyes and kept putting one foot in front of the other. Tears rolled down her face. She could feel her feet bleeding as she clambered up a pile of stones. She opened her eyes to see she had peaked whatever she had clambered up. She’d reached the top of the hill. She was looking out upon the clearing. She pulled herself up and fell onto the soft grass. An almighty crash echoed behind her as the wave of stones subsided at the hilltop. A few made their way towards her, hitting her back and rolling towards her arms.

Lula hugged the grass and cried into the ground.

“HELP!” the voice was louder this time. Coming from the woods? Lula wiped her face and forced out a string of snot, wiping her ands on her now totally ruined school shirt. Her tie had come off somewhere. She froze. The clearing was full of people. None of them moving. None of them talking. They were all staring at her with a fixed gaze. They were thin, scorched remnants of people. The only sound was her heavy breathing.

“Help” one said.

“Help” said another.

“Help”

“Help”

“Help!”

“Help!”

“HELP”

“HELP”

“HELP!”

“HELP!”

They all began to scream. Lula’s jaw shook with fear. Her hands trembled. Her chest got tight. Her voice cracked as she tried to scream. Without warning they all began to sprint towards her with no build up. They went from standing still to full on spring with one step. Lula wanted to throw up. Her throat contracted and she couldn’t breathe. She grabbed her throat and felt her vision fade. She collapsed to the floor. Her head drooped over the peak of the hill. Through her broken vision she could make out Rosie, dressed in what she was wearing the last time she saw her, a dark patch covering her jeans, running away from her.

“r…Ro…sie” Lula spluttered, reaching a hand out. Lula retreated her hand as she was trampled. It felt as if hundreds of crusty, burnt, torn apart feet were running over her at once. She smell of fire filled her nostrils. She curled up and tried to scream again but couldn’t hear herself over the noise of the figures running over her.

Lula laid there sobbing. Her body ached. Her feet were pulsating. Her throat dry. But the smell had gone. Gone? Where am I? She unfolded her body with a groan and sat up. She was sat on the wood chippings in the middle of a courtyard at school. The smoke had gone. There were no stones and no fire. No angry farmer with a shotgun. Her breathing began to calm. Painfully, Lula pushed herself from the floor. Fuck I’ll get detention looking like this.

*Thud*

*Thud*

*Thud *Thud* *Thud thud thud thud thud thud*

Lula frantically looked up at the windows around the courtyard. Suddenly there was no way out. The courtyard was surrounded by windows. She could only make out one door directly in front of her about twenty meters away. The courtyard isn’t this big?

*Thud thud thud thud thud thud thud*

Hands and bodies were pressing up against the glass in all directions. Black and crimson charred hands. Skin peeling and muscles protruding. Lula covered her mouth with her hands. They tasted like mud. A window smashed. Then another. And another. Then all of them. A million shards of glass erupted from all directions as if in slow motion. Lula ducked and curled up. It felt like it was raining fire. But the fire was sharp. She could make out louder thuds. Bodies were falling from the windows. At least some were. Those that weren’t falling were voluntarily hurling themselves to the ground.

The school corridors were now on fire. Smoke began to seep from the broken windows and into the air. As Lula peered through her hands she could make ot the broken bodies crawling towards her. Snapped arms and legs flailed about as they struggled across the concrete slabs. There was only one way out. The door. Wood chips flicked away as Lula hurled herself forwards, stepping on and jumping over the husks that were coming towards her. She kept running. The door seemed to run away from her. She was struggling for air. Her lungs were running in empty. Her left hand was reached out in front of her trying to grab the door handle. She felt like she was running on a treadmill gaining no ground. She could hear the groans and moans of the bodies behind her, clambering over one another. The sounds of snapping bones and tearing skin.

Her hand pressed against the clean, white door and it swung forwards. She fell inside and slipped on the tiles below. Regrettably, Lula turned around to close the door but saw the army of bodies flooding towards her. She screamed as the pushed the door forwards and spun the lock. The moment she locked it the barrage of bodies hitting the other side filled the tiny room she was in. Rumbling and tumbling and knocks and bangs. Lula pressed hard against the door hoping it would stay shut. She tried to catch her breath. Sweat fell from her forehead and onto the already dampened floor.

The noise eventually went silent. Lula wiped her face with her sleeve which then went wet through and ruined. Where was she now? She turned and saw a toilet in front of her. That was it. A tiny bathroom stall. The same one she’d use in the changing rooms. So what now?

Pain tickled her whole body. Tiny little pricks pierced every inch of her skin. She shivered and brushed her body and shoulders as if to shoo away flies. Her body started to feel wet. She looked down at her chest to see her school shirt turn a dark red. I’m bleeding? The glass? Blood dripped to the floor. Her skin felt heavy and sticky. The warm liquid travelled down her legs and pooled at her bare and almost broken feet. The cubicle quickly began to fill up. The thick blood was at her ankles then at her knees. Her skirt began to float as it rose up her legs towards her waist. She was panicking again. The door was the only way out.

She fumbled for the lock which was now drowned in blood. She found it but struggled to turn it. The blood reached her chest and then her neck. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes as it wetted her chin then covered her mouth. The door unlocked. She was flushed forwards as the blood drained from the cubicle. She immediately hit a soft fabric that was soaking up the blood. Everything sloshed around for a moment before Lula realised she was laying over the back seats in a car. Everything was now blood stained though. She was wet through with blood. Only her eyes, forehead, and head were not soaked in red. She sat up and began to shiver. The car began to move and the door bolted shut.

“Home please” she muttered, hugging herself around the belly.

“No… to Rosie. Take me to Rosie!” she demanded. There was silence as the car weaved left and right. The lack of noise was therapeutic. The yellow form the streetlights rushed past on both sides. The sounds of other cars speeding in the other direction.

“Where’s Rosie?” she asked.

No answer.

Who’s even driving? She wished she hadn’t through that. The head of the driver turned a full 180 degrees. She could make out the face grinning behind the peeling, charred skin. Lula cringed and screamed. The car sped up. The lights rushed past even faster. She screamed again. She kicked at the taxi door with all her might. The door swung open and was taken clean off by a lamp post. The driver opened it’s gaping mouth and let out a painful croak. She had no choice. She had to jump. She edged over towards the door and took what she thought would be one last deep breath.

Lula’s body hit the ground and bounced. She rolled for a few seconds before ending up at the roadside. Cumbersome droplets of rain were falling over her. She couldn’t open her eyes. She was in so much pain. She coughed and spluttered and moaned out loud.

Lula eventually tried to open her eyes. She had purposefully laid there for as long as possible. She thought she was roadkill laying hopelessly against the kerb. She felt like she was dying in a puddle and the rain was washing her away. She was soaked now, however. The rain had saturated her blood clotted clothes. She was also freezing. She sat upright in the puddle. Everything ached. She couldn’t stay here. She hugged her belly once more to try and stay warm. She realised she was outside her own house. She gasped in disbelief. The sight of home made her cry again. She sorely stood up and limped towards her front door. A river of blood flowed behind her. She collapsed at the door. Her hands kept slipping of the wet surface.

She weakly grabbed the door handle and lifted herself up. It wouldn’t move. Oh… pl… please. Fu… Fuck. Ple… please. Her tears were now as heavy as the rain. She pulled and tugged at the handle but it the door wouldn’t open. She stomped her feet in a strop. This seemed familiar. She’d been here before. Not covered in blood, no, but here. Did she have to play out what happened before? Is that what this was? There was no one around. Maybe… no… definitely. She needed to do it. Maybe everything that had happened over the last year was a dream. Maybe this was real. Maybe she was back at the first time she wet in before her Mum got home. Maybe…

Lula snapped her gaze to the floor as warm pee flowed down her legs. It quickly pattered against the doorstep and around her feet. She let her head fall backwards as the relief took over her. She gave a little pleasurable moan. All the pain seemed to fall from her body as she peed. She tightened her eyes as she shut them. She reached out and grabbed the wall and doorframe either side of her. The pee continued. A constant torrent from her crotch keeping the material of her clothes soaked.

Even though she was stood upright, she could feel it pool around her vagina and backside and legs. She tingled with warmth as it was forced out of her. How was this pleasurable? Pins and needles rushed up her body, through her chest, erecting her nipples through her sodden shirt, and into her neck. She let out a gasp as the door opened behind her. She fell through it, losing her grip on the wall. Her arms flailed about as she fell. The entrance to her house disappeared in front of her as she continued to fall. The rush of air brushed against her. Her front door slammed shut.

Lula sat bolt upright. She was breathing heavily. She placed her right hand over her left breast to feel her heartbeat. It was fast. Her ribs ached. She could feel her hair stuck to her head with sweat. The room was silent all bar a faint snore in the far corner. Lula let out a whimper.

All of the green lights were around her again. An ambient light leaked through the door to her left. The sound of the blinds on her right tapping against the wall came into earshot. She slumped back down onto the bed. Her crotch was hot and soaked. It had happened again. She drove both hands under the cover and onto her pyjamas. Yep. She’d wet.

The material drenched her fingers and she held it tightly. Why does this keep happening? I literally can’t push the button now. It’ll wake everyone up. I can’t let anyone sort this out. Fuck sake. The accidents at night were becoming a problem. This was the third night in a row she had woke up from some messed up dream to a wet bed. Was is the stress? Being away from home? A conscious involuntarily decision to wet because she knew she could? She sighed. There was nothing she could, or at least would, do until morning.

Unsure what to do now she went to pick up her phone. She hesitated. She didn’t dare. Not after what she had found out yesterday. Could what Tom had said be true? Rosie was missing? How? How does someone go missing? She was there. With me. I told her to go. She ran away. Away from the fire. The other way. Where did she go? Why would she not go home? Was she with Sakura? Tom said he was with her but they got separated. And I was with Charlotte…

Her head began to ache. All she could do was go back to sleep. But she was awake. Wide awake. Scared for her friends. Wet through from her pee. She felt alone in a room of ill, sleeping people. She patted at her wet crotch again. She gently stroked up the middle of her vagina. It tensed and she shivered. No. Not here. No. N…o…

Lula stroked again and again and again. The material of her pyjamas and underwear had started to creep inside her. She played where she knew she liked it. Her back arched slightly, pulling at the dampened sheets. Her throat clenched as she gasped for air. She fell back onto the bed with a thump. The metal frame beneath her creaked slightly. She paused. But not for long. She slid her hands beneath her clothes and continued. She bit her bottom lip to stop her from making any noise. She bit down harder. Her nose was scrunched and her eyelids tight. She let out an audible moan. She couldn’t help it.

This was the first release she had felt for days. A rod of static shot up her body. It felt like little bolts shocked their way outwards to her skin. The hairs on her arms stood on end and the tips of her fingers went fizzy. She stretched out her toes and clenched them back in. Another moan. This time slightly louder and deeper. She pulled the finger from inside her and laid their now exhausted. A ringing started in her ears. She was breathing heavily. The euphoria turned into emotion. Her eyes welled up. Her stomach got sore. Really… sore. She grabbed her belly as it rumbled. Ooh. Ouch.

A stubborn pain hit her abdomen. Her crotch suddenly felt bruised and bloated. Her butt cheeks tensed. Lula then fully tensed. She knew what was coming. Oh shit. Oh fuck. She still didn’t dare press the button. If anyone knew she had wet the bed then they’d change her now. She didn’t want to wake anyone up. She certainly didn’t want anyone around her to know she was wetting the bed at night. The pain in her abdomen tightened. The excitement had awoken her bowels. She had been given help to go to the toilet properly some time yesterday. It was one of the single most embarrassing moments of her life. Well, that and the times the nurses have had to change her in the day. But this was coming and fast.

Lula carried on tensing trying to stop the inevitable. Her backside shrieked in pain as it began to protrude between her cheeks. Just let it happen. It’s coming. What you gonna’ do? Crawl to the toilet? She did know where it was now at least. Fuck Ouch. Fuck this hurts. Lula raised her backside from the bed. The back of her pyjama bottoms hung heavy with pee. She gave in. She relaxed her gut as the thick poop slipped its way from within her. She felt her underwear tighten as it seated itself in them. At one point it was both inside her and in her knickers. She shifted her weight and forcibly pushed to get it over and done with.

Eventually it thinned out and what’s done was done. In a puddle of her own pee and knickers full of fresh poop, she was officially at a low point in her life. She as glad she had climaxed before this happened. She desperately wanted to lather up in shower gel and clean herself down. The post masturbation guilt was hitting hard and she had, quite literally, shit the bed. The only positive, she thought, was that it wasn’t a messy one. She sighed and rolled onto her side. The weight of the mess in her knickers drooped against her backside. Reluctantly, Lula closed her eyes and forced herself to go back to sleep.

*247*2021-06-08 02:00

Love and Loss

Lula and Claire couldn’t help but giggle every time they saw each other. They had formed more than a professional relationship. Lula would even consider this young woman a friend. Claire had seen all of her ladyhood anyway!

The morning after Lula’s accident, she had caught the attention of Claire at the start of her shift. She had been practising her admittance speech for just over an hour beforehand.

“Claire… I’ve…”

“No shit”

“Claire. Last night I…”

“Fuck. No. Idiot”

“I had an…”

“Uggghhhhh”

Fortunately, Claire could already guess. She made light of the situation saying she had seen much worse in her time. She empathised with Lula and made her feel less embarrassed; but only slightly so.

Claire had helped Lula out of bed behind the privacy of the curtain surrounding her bed. A loose lump hung from Lula’s backside causing her pyjamas to droop. The feeling was uncomfortable yet somewhat secretly sexy in a weird sort of taboo ‘I’ll never admit this to anyone ever’ sort of way. Lula was given two options. Either be helped to hobble to the toilet with a big sheet over her to hopefully hide the annoyingly obvious accident or be taken there in a wheelchair. The first choice could lead to everyone seeing what happened whilst the second would leave everyone none the wiser but she would literally have to sit on it whilst being wheeled off for a clean. Lula sighed and closed her eyes, asking begrudgingly for the chair. Claire responded brightly as if unphased by the choice.

“Come on, Poola” Claire chuckled as Lula awkwardly began to sit down. She was groggy on her feet but standing up was a nice change. It took her a while to acknowledge what Claire had muttered. She turned, mouth open wide, surprised at the level or dry humour this early in the morning. She appreciated the joke. She needed a laugh. She mouthed the word ’bitch’ to Claire. They both chuckled again to themselves.

The solid poop pressed against her backside as she slowly sat down. She had tried to angle her position so that it stayed between her butt cheeks. Luckily it was still mostly solid so it just felt like sitting on a rolled up sock. But she knew it wasn’t. That made it worse.

“Hurry up. I’ve got more bums to wipe” Claire persuaded with an almighty smile.

“Shhhut up” Lula replied, obviously uncomfortable but trying to stay light-hearted.

Claire pulled the hanging curtain over with one strong whip. The metal loops on the railing gently screeched as they moved across the bar. It was like a fabulous entry. The funny nurse and the girl who had shit herself. Dottie waved from behind her morning cup of tea, respectfully nodding. Lula smiled back. She thought she had smiled. She hadn’t seen her own reflection fully in a while. After the night’s sleep she had had she imagined her hair was all matted and was wearing two heavy, tired, black eyes. She could also feel her lips drying which had started to sting.

“Claire…” she started to say.

“Yes?” she replied more seriously than before, sensing the shift in tone.

“I’ve… I’ve been having… dreams. Bad dreams. Nightmares. Is that… normal?”

“Depends. Everyone dreams, Lula. Some are good and some are bad” Claire replied as she wheeled Lula out of the ward, “Nightmares can happen after a traumatic event, after the loss of a loved one, after something memorable in your life, and the list goes on”

Lula was silent.

“And you, I think it’s safe to say, had quite a traumatic experience before you came here, right?”

“I… don’t really remember much of it? I’ve not even seen the news. I think my friends are missing. But I’m here covered in my own… sssshit” she was hesitant about openly swearing but couldn’t think of what else to say.

“You’re getting better though. Physically. I reckon we could have you walking by the end of today. Your throat has improved. You’re talking more than yesterday, hmm?”

Claire backed into the toilet door and pulled Lula inside, locking it behind her.

“I am… going to have to properly clean you, if you can’t” she admitted with her hands on her hips. Lula knew this. She sighed.

“Let me try?” she asked. Claire stepped back and gestured with her hands. Lula pushed up with her hands. Her elbows wobbled as she rose from the chair. It took some time but she eventually stood up, wobbling on her feet. She pressed against the wall to keep her balance.

“I don’t get it…”

“Get what?”

“I didn’t injure my legs? Surely it was just like… breathing in smoke? Maybe some burns? A fracture maybe? I don’t think I have one… but why is this so hard?”

“You were exhausted. Physically and mentally. Yes, you suffered major smoke inhalation. Your throat and lungs needed time to heal. That’s why you’ve bene out of breath. That’s why normal things take so much energy”

Lula replied with an acknowledging sound. She tensed her cheeks and felt the mass between them squidge. No. This isn’t the time to be like that. Just… let’s get this over with.

With one hand still against the wall, Lula pulled at the waistband of her bottoms. She managed to pull them from her waist and they fell helplessly to her ankles. Claire was now faced with Lula’s stained knickers and the bulging lump nestled between her cheeks.

“Do you want…” she began.

“No!” Lula snapped, eager to do this herself. Claire fell silent again. Lula tugged at the waistband of her knickers. There was no dignified way to do this, she thought, as she tried to let them slump to her ankles also. There was a chance the poop would fall somewhere… anywhere? Just anywhere other than pressed against her ass. After a few minutes of fumbling around she paused, somewhat out of breath. Frustrated and pissed off.

“Can you…?”

“Yep. Sure. Yep” Clare piped up, leaning forwards and gently pulling at the sides of her knickers.

“You’re happy for me to…”

“Yes. Yes. Just… can we do this please” Lula interjected. She could feel heat radiate from her cheeks. She tried to keep her eyes tightly closed. She was certainly glad her nurse was female right now.

Lula shivered as she felt the tiny, frilly edges of her knickers tickle down the inside of her legs. The poop pulled away and fell into the gusset of her underwear. She could feel some residue on her skin but it was gone. She carefully stepped out of her knickers and pyjama bottoms and was stood there, naked from the waist down, with her arms pressed against the wall.

“This is dignifying” Lula murmured.

“I’ve seen worse” Claire admitted, emptying the contents of Lula’s knickers into the toilet. She heard the splash. She winced her face. Glad that’s all over with… now just the…

“This’ll be cold” Claire warned as she placed a wet wipe between Lula’s cheeks. Lula flinched, lifting her left foot from the floor and tensing her backside. She squealed. Claire pulled her army away.

“Pffftttftffttt” Lula sniggered. Claire joined in.

For this short time, Lula had forgotten all about what had happened, had stopped thinking about Rosie, stopped thinking about Tom, about Sakura, about Charlotte, about Beth, about the fire, about her throat. This was the first time she had laughed in a long time. The situation wasn’t even funny. It was the most embarrassed she had ever been in her life. The most vulnerable. The most helpless. But she was laughing as she had her backside wiped clean. After all was done, they turned to face each other and laughed again.

“As asses go, I’ve seen worse” Claire shrugged. Lula shook her head and pouted.

For the rest of that day, every time they saw each other they shared a moment of laughter. Lula’s nerves had shaken away. She was as confident with Claire as she had gotten with Rosie over the course of a year. It’s her job though. Literally… her job.

Claire had been right though. Lula was up and about. She was struggling and stopping a lot, but carefully, on her tensed and curled feet, she was racking up her step count. By that afternoon and a very average portion of cottage pie later, Lula felt accomplished. Focussing on getting around had taken her mind off everything else. She forced herself to keep walking as every time she stopped she saw Rosie in her mind; running away from her surrounded by trees. The last she saw of her friend was the soggy backside of her.

Lula retreated to her bed and slumped down. She wiggled her bare toes and let her feet ache. It was a good ache though compared to being stuck in bed for another day.

“You’re doing very well” Dottie said lightly, slowly opening her eyes from her nap.

“Thanks” Lula agreed. “It’s nice to be up again”

Dottie groaned as she sat up, plumping the edge of her pillow she was resting on. She opened her mouth a few times and took a sip of water from the see through plastic cup on her table.

“Oh, Dear. You’re doing so well”

Lula smiled as she swung her feet off the side of her bed. She opened the drawer to her side and pulled out her hairbrush. She began to gently brush her hair. The sound of knots being forced open cracked between the two of them.

“Oh. Oh” Dottie pondered, “I remember when my Benedict, Benny, my husband, would do that for me” she reminisced, pulling at the straggly ends of her hair. Lula stopped brushing.

“Oh… is he?... Sorry for your…”

“Oh no, no, no, no he’s not dead my dear oh no” she laughed, holding her chest.

“Oh sorry”

“It’s okay you weren’t to know. I’ve been told he’s been waiting downstairs for just over a week now. No bugger will let him up. And I can’t get down to see him. I miss him terribly”

Lula felt a tear form in her eye which she wiped away immediately.

“I… I could… if you want… I could brush your hair?” Lula offered. Dottie’s eyes shone as she looked up at Lula.

“Would you, darling? Oh, it’s been so long” she was holding her hands together in front of her.

“Sure yeah” Lula pressed herself up from her mattress and hobbled the few steps to Dottie’s bed. Dottie had shifted over to allow Lula space to sit next to her.

Dottie’s hair was thin and wispy. The white strands threaded through Lula’s hairbrush. Dottie gently hummed as she felt the brush massage her head. She rested her head back into Lula’s arms.

“What do you do?” Dottie asked quietly.

“What do you mean?”

“What do you do? Study? Work?”

“Oh I’m still in school. Was supposed to be exam year but… you know”

“Shame. I think you’re a smart girl”

Lula blushed.

“Thank you”

“And you care, dear”

Lula stopped brushing. She wasn’t used to compliments. Dottie gently slapped Lula’s knee.

“Did I say stop?” she questioned, opening her right eye and peering up at Lula.

“Sorry” she giggled. Dottie started to hum again.

“Where were they wheeling you off to earlier?” Dottie asked. Lula felt an immediate lump in her chest.

“Oh to see… how… my… walking was. To check my throat. You know” she lied.

“Hmph” Dottie scoffed, “You’ve been having nightmares, haven’t you?”

Lula paused before she replied.

“I… yes. I’m sorry if I woke you up”

“Once or twice” Dottie admitted, “You have been restless. Twisting and turning, my dear”

“Sorry”

“It’s quite alright. I don’t sleep well much anyway”

Did she hear me… last night? Oh fuck.

Lula felt a frail hand cover her own.

“That’ll be enough, my dear. Thank you” Dottie pulled Lula’s hand to her face and pecked it. Lula’s heart raced with nothing but love for this lady she hardly knew.

“You remind me of my daughter” Dottie admitted.

“Oh?” Lula asked.

“Yes. Frances. Lovely girl. Same hair as you. A heart just as big. Kind. Loyal. Funny. My daughter”

“What does she do now?” Lula asked.

“She’s not with us anymore, my dear”

Lula felt a lump in her throat. Tears welled up again.

“She… was beautiful, like you” Dottie continued, leaning over and pulling a purse from her drawer. She pulled out a slightly faded photograph of a young and pretty girl probably in her mid twenties.

“She went missing. Never found” Dottie sighed.

Missing!? Like… Rosie!?

“My friend, Rosie, is missing” Lula whimpered, looking away to hide the tears.

Dottie squeezed Lula’s knee.

“Don’t give up hope. No one is gone, really, until you know they’re gone” she encouraged.

“My Frances is never gone. She’s always with me”

Lula handed back the picture.

“Thank you” she whimpered again.

Dottie leaned over again and offered Lula a rolled up newspaper.

“Would you like to read, my dear?” she asked, smiling.

Lula had only just realised that Dottie had received a newspaper every morning with her lunch. She would sit reading it front to back every evening then leave it rolled up on her table.

“I don’t think I’ve ever… read a newspaper” she sniffled.

Dottie smiled and pushed it closer to her gently nodding.

“But why?”

“Do you trust me, dear?” Dottie asked.

Lula shrugged, taking the paper. She slipped away from the edge of Dottie’s bed and pulled the cover up to her chest.

“Thank you, dear”

Lula unrolled the paper.

‘Girl named and another found’

Found. FOUND. NAMED? WHO?

Underneath the title was a picture or a burnt and barren woodland. A police tape loosely hung in the foreground of the picture. Lula clambered onto her own bed and skimmed the text.

‘After last week’s terribly tragedy all persons involved have now been accounted for. The body found yesterday is confirmed to be that of 17 year old Bethany McIntyre. A young woman ready to take the next step in life’

Oh… Beth. N…n…no.

Lula cheeks scorched red with tears. Her voice cracked as she tried not to make a sound. Her hands gripped the sides of the newspaper hard. Tear droplets fell and marked blotched the paper. An uncomfortable shiver formed at the base of her neck and vibrated through her body. Lula sobbed.

‘Bethany’s parents have expressed their love for their daughter and that she was popular amongst her friends. She will continue to live on in our hearts and minds. Bethany’s parents have also urged anyone to come forward who may know of what happened on this day. Two of Bethany’s peers are known to be in hospital recovering from injuries sustained on the day’

Charlotte? She in here too? I have to find her!? She’s alive. Thank God.

‘The second person to be named is 16 year old Rosie Harrows who was also present the day the incident took place. Rosie was reported missing after the incident but has now been located. She had been found lost and injured further into the woodland. The assumption was made that she had tried to escape but sustained further injuries after falling into a shallow cave along the hillside. A search team rescued Rosie late last night in a fragile condition in amongst the rocks’

Lula gasped and fought for air. Rosie was alive. She cried out loud.

I should have stayed with her. Why didn’t I stay with her? Oh, Rosie. I’m so sorry. It’s all my fault.

Lula looked up and around. Dottie was giving a comforting smile and a few people were peering at her from their beds. She was breathing heavily, both out of grief and relief.

I have to…

“I have to see her” she said out loud. She stood up quickly. Her head fizzed and her knees went to jelly. She fell back down. Not now! Come on.

She tried again and hobbled slowly towards the door to the ward. To nurses at the desk outside noticed her and came running.

“No, no you must stay inside, we can’t let anyone out without supervision”

“Supervise me then” Lula said beneath her shallow, teary voice. She felt both nurses hold her arms.

“Let me… go” she ordered, trying to shake them off.

“Covid, Miss. We can’t let you…”

“LET me GO” she ordered again, shaking harder. She had no idea where she was going but knew Rosie was in here somewhere. She’d kick down each door to find her. What Lula hadn’t realised was the nurses were gesturing for help. They may have been calling out too but she was blocking out all sound. Her ears felt blocked. Her eyes fixed in tunnel vision. Her heart thumping away inside her. She had to find Rosie… she had… to…

~

The lift doors slid shut. Lula felt ready this time. She tried to stay calm. She jolted as the lift began to move. It was quicker this time. She fell to her knees as the force of the movement hurled her down. She looked up at Rosie curled up in front of her.

“Rosie”

“ROSIE”

She refused to look up. She was dressed in what she wore the day to go find Sakura. She was crying into her arms folded over her legs. Lula shook her.

“ROSIE! We need to go!” Lula cried out.

The lift slammed to a halt. Lula was thrown up and then back to the floor. She sook her head and looked back up. The lift dinged. The doors were already open. Without looking at Lula, Rosie instantly got to her feet and started sprinting full speed into the trees. The lift dinged again. Then again. The dinging sped up.

“Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding ding ding ding ding ding dingdingdingdingdingding*

Lula flung her hands to her hears, wincing at the piercing sound.

“ROSIE!” she cried out. Her voice was lost in the repeating sound.

Lula scrambled to her feet and ran after Rosie. Suddenly everything was silent. All Lula could hear was the sound of her feet pushing into the dried leaves and undergrowth. It was like all other sounds had been muted. She breathed heavily as she ran. Rosie was gone. Lula skidded to a halt. Leaves flew up around her and spun back to the ground.

“ROSIE!” she cried out. There was no echo. Her voice seemed to float around her and go nowhere.

“ROOSSIIEE!” she tried again. She could feel the inside of her throat shred as she yelled. She grabbed her neck and spluttered. Her neck was hot. Very hot. She gasped for air, collapsing to the floor. She rolled onto her back coughing. She tops of the trees were hidden behind a ceiling of black smoke. Panic set in. A deep orange glow rose up around her. Sound started to return in the form of loud crackling. For a second Lula saw the reflection in her own eyes or flames engulfing her. She screamed out in pain and forced her eyes closed.

Lula slowly opened her eyes. The smell of burning was unbearable. Hot ash was falling slowly to the floor. The ground beneath her was black and charred. Yellow specks and sparks filled the immediate area. Curls of smoke rose from fallen trees. Lula hesitantly sat up. She could feel heaps of fine ash shift around her as she moved. She cried out and scrambled backwards. There as a hand jutting out of the scorched earth. And another? Lula soon realised an abundance of limbs protruding from the ground. Each was peeled and burnt. She covered her mouth with her hands. Her attention was stolen by the flashing blue lights in front of her. She glared up and stood up, wiping down her legs. Spinning blue lights?

“Help! HELP!” she cried out as she limped through the limbs she was trying to ignore.

“HELP!” she tried to cry louder. No sound came from her mouth. A hand grabbed her ankle. She involuntarily vomited in her mouth and fell to the floor. Another hand clamped around her right elbow as she hit the floor. Another pulled at her hair. Another yanked at the waistband of her jeans. She was helpless. She struggled and fought. Two hands exploded from the blackened ground around her head and covered her mouth. Her screaming was subdued. She could taste the burnt skin. The blood. Lula raised a hand as she was dragged under the mud and buried. She could feel the last of the cool air brush against her fingers as they were then pulled under.

The pulling sensation felt stronger. Lula could feel grit and mud scrape against her face as she felt like she was falling. She then hit a hard surface and bounced once. An intense pain shot through her spine as she arched her body in shock. She groaned. She raised her hands but they didn’t reach far. The was covered by a wooden ceiling. She knocked against it in the pitch black. It wouldn’t budge. She knocked harder. Nothing.

Fumbling her hands around her, banging against anything she could feel, she could sense something to her left. Something softer. Something with weight to it.

“You let me die”

Lula froze.

“Rosie?”

“You. Let. Me. Die” the voice croaked. A faint orange glow started to emit from somewhere. Lula could just make out the edges of whatever she was in. A giant, flat wooden box? A… a coffin?

Lula slowly turned her head to the left. It was Beth. It… was… Beth. But not as she knew her. A blackened husk of what her body used to be. What Lula had imagined had happened to her on that day. The skin on her face had gone. The bloody, muscly remnants drooped from the face that was pinned at a ninety-degree angle towards her. The grimacing smile of a skinless jawline. Eyeballs spherical and bloodshot. Her hair badly cut and dirty. The orange glow got brighter as it seemed the coffin was burning from the outside.

“You” Beth’s upper body snapped to Lula’s direction.

“Let” her legs seemed to unlatch as her waist cracked into position.

“Me” an arm flailed over and broke backwards as it scraped against the lid of the coffin.

“DIE” Strangely. Like a spider. Her body seemed to crawl unnaturally towards her. The tiny distance between them suddenly grew as she carried on crawling. Her head bobbing as she struggled to keep it raised. The sound of bare bone hitting the wood. A hollow sounding sound though, bellowing below as she crawled.

Lula snapped from her frozen state and forced her elbows into the wood below her. A sound echoed downwards. She forced her elbow down again and again. Beth’s jaw came loose as the body snarled and growled. Her muscles were dragging away as she sped towards Lula. A strange feeling of motion sickness hit like a wave as the distance between them still seemed to grow despite the speed Beth was crawling. One more bash to the floor. The wood cracked and split open. Lula fell through. Beth’s body reached the hole and peered downwards. A bright flash and an explosion of fire erupted inside the coffin and her body dissolved. Lula felt the warmth of the flame against her face. She continued o fall into the darkness, her arms out above her as if to get one last touch of her friend. The sound of rushing air deafened her. Another painful impact. Lula coughed up blood and groaned in agony as she rolled around on the cold, damp floor.

She could hear crying. Rolling onto her stomach, Lula could see a bright light emitting behind her. She grabbed onto a rock and pulled herself forwards. Ice cold droplets fell onto her battered body. She latched onto another rock and pulled again, dragging her now useless body behind her. She was beyond exhausted and had nothing left to cry up. The bright light hurt her eyes. But someone was there. Her breathing got deeper.

“R… Rosie?” she whimpered.

“Rosie!?” she tried to shout out.

“ROSIE” she cracked, reaching out.

It was Rosie. Sat helplessly against the wall of the cave. The light from the entrance illuminating a small rockpool and the drops falling from the cave ceiling. The drops got heavier. An intense rainfall fell. She saw Rosie shudder. She tried to crawl towards her friend but couldn’t. She just couldn’t. She couldn’t help her friend again. Lula slumped atop he rock she had pulled herself onto and stared at her friend. The light at the entrance to the cave was broken. Someone else was there. The silhouette of a person stood in the entrance. Lula felt deaf again as she couldn’t hear what was being said. There was suddenly a lot of commotion as three people burst into the cave pointing at Rosie. They approached her with caution and eventually hugged her. One of the people cradled Rosie in their arms and carried her out into the light. Before she disappeared, Rosie and Lula’s eyelines crossed. Rosie smiled.

She’d done it. She’d saved her friend. Rosie was safe. Lula cried out in relief. She could feel the heavy rain batter her back as she laid there, alone, sobbing hard. She could feel her body saturate with ice cold rain. Then she got warmer and warmer. Hot and sticky. The rain seemed to reduce and fall only on her… crotch?

Lula opened her eyes. She knew where she was. It was already the morning. She had just finished wetting the bed. Her heart was racing. Her head was sticky with sweat. She was already crying. She had to speak to Rosie. She could feel the massive puddle beneath her as she leant over to grab her phone. Nothing. She repeatedly pressed her button for help.

Claire came running in.

“What’s up? What’s wrong?”

“I need to… I need to go! I need to see Rosie! I need… I need”

People were turning to watch Lula panic.

“Shh. Shh” Claire said calmly, sitting next to Lula and placing hands over her shoulders.

“She is here” Claire admitted. Lula felt her heart drop. She let out a moan and hugged Claire. Che continued to cry.

“And you can go today”

Lula looked up through her bubbly eyes.

“I can!?”

“You’re all good” Claire smiled.

“But… only once I… we… sort this out” she gestured at Lula’s bed. Lula nodded enthusiastically.

“I think the nightmares will stop soon too. Now you know your friend is okay”

“Fucking hope so” Lula muttered into Claire’s shoulder.

Lula let Claire pull her curtain round as they both cleaned up. Lula was shaky but could manage. She thought that the quicker they did this the quicker she’d be taken to Rosie.

“Can I go then? And see her?” she snapped as they remade the bed.

“What? No? No one’s allowed to go between wards. Sorry. I should have…”

“WHAT” Lula started to cry again.

“But she’s okay”

“You said…”

“I didn’t say… that, sorry” Claire groaned.

“I’ll… give you some time? Collect your things. I’ll meet you out at the desk when you’re ready? Your parents are waiting for you outside. They want to see you”

Lula felt her heart drop again. She was really getting out. What had it been? Three? Four days? She had no idea.

Claire slipped between the curtains and Lula was left alone. She didn’t have much with her. Her parents had given a bag of clothes and books to the staff to hand over but she’s not read a single thing; other than Dottie’s newspaper yesterday. Dottie! I need to tell her!

With her bag slumped over her shoulder, Lula pulled the curtain open to see Dottie’s bed empty. There was a single rolled up newspaper on the side table. Where’s she…

Lula picked up the newspaper and unrolled it to see Frances’s picture.

‘The body of Frances Wellington, assumed missing for over forty years, has been found. Upon the rescue of Miss Rosie Harrows yesterday, further investigation of the cave found the remains of the much loved Frances. From today, the case for Miss Wellington will be reopened to finally bring a close to this tragic loss of life that left the Wellington family grieving for far too long’

Franc…Dottie. Oh… Dottie.

Lula noticed a scribble at the bottom of the page. In delicate, cursive writing she read ‘Don’t give up hope’.

She thought that she had nothing left to cry. She was wrong. She clasped the newspaper tightly and hugged it. She waited in the doorway to the ward.

“What’s wrong?” Claire asked, worried.

“I found… Where’s Dottie?” Lula asked, looking over to the empty bed. Claire sighed and looked down. Lula started to shake her head. No. Nonononono. Please no.

“She… passed away this morning. She was finally at peace after reading… that” she pointed with her head towards the newspaper.

“She liked you though. That’s the most life we’ve seen in her over the last few days” Claire admitted, wiping her mouth trying not to cry herself.

The lights started to become a little overwhelming. Lula could see Claire’s mouth moving but nothing was coming out. All she could hear as the echo of her stupid heartbeat in her ears. Split clung to her teeth as she tried to speak but was actually saying nothing. She hugged the newspaper even tighter. Lula shattered into Claire’s arms, weeping loudly. Claire let her emotions get the better of her too. Dottie was her patient also.

~

Lula sniffled a sigh of relief through the snot falling from her nose. She was nestled inside Claire’s arm as they walked through the sliding doors and into the open air. The fresh air. The cut grass. The flowers. Lula’s bottom jaw flustered as she left the hospital. There were her parents.

Still with the newspaper held against her, Lula ran from Clarie’s arms and into those of her Mum and Dad. They both took the weight of their daughter as they reunited. Her head was pushed in between the shoulders of them both. Their embrace felt golden and heavy and ever-lasting. Warmth. Safety. Belonging. Closure. Claire stood and watched, overjoyed for Lula.

“Hey” murmured her Dad. Lula lifted her head.

“What”

“Look…” he said, his eyes red. The lines in his forehead more defined than ever. Both he and Lula’s Mum spread apart. Everything in Lula’s peripheral vision faded. Her parents were just blobs behind the tears in her eyes. Lula felt her body slump restfully. She gagged on her own ugly sob. The most immense wave or relief crashed down on her.

The sun was hot. The pavement leading into the hospital was a bright magnolia. Pretty flowers bordered the path and a few little birds dispersed from the nearby bushes; plump with leaves and a deep green. Rosie was stood right in front of her. A crutch in her right hand supporting her weight. Her face somewhat gaunt but still as rounded and as smiley as ever. Her hair, light brown and curled over her shoulders shone. They stared at each other. They lunged towards each other and hugged.

*255*2021-07-07 00:54

Discreet decisions

I want to thank everyone for the feedback for the last few chapters. Sorry not sorry for the plot. Love you all <3

The lift doors slid shut. Everything jolted as the carriage began to move. A gentle hum filled her ears as she covered her mouth to cough beneath the face mask. There was another jolt as the lift came to a stop. She wiped the sweat that stung her eyes and grunted to soothe her throat. It didn’t work.

At first the doors failed to open fully. She could just make out the long corridor ahead. The floor shone from the LED lights in the ceiling but it was sparse. It was quiet. She cautiously hopped out of the lift, worried the doors would close on her. She coughed again. This time it hurt more. The pain came and went but a tickle clung to the back of her throat. The sound of her own breath beneath the mask is all she could hear. A light down the corridor flickered. Her breathing became shallow again as her chest tightened. Another cough. Her abdomen tensed as she tried clearing her throat. She wiped her forehead and closed her eyes. There was a bright orange flash followed by the smell of smoke. She snapped her eyes open.

She took a few deep breaths to calm down but the air scraped down her neck. The smell of smoke hung in her nose a little longer. She couldn’t seem to forget it. And the orange lights. The flashes that kept her up at night. The sense of hopelessness. No sense of direction. The burning in her eyes. The suffocation. The regrettable recklessness. Every night she dreamt the same thing. She would wake up with saturated pillows and the covers kicked away. Tissues scrunched and piled beside her bed full of phlegm. Tossing and turning waiting for the pull she knew was coming. The pull to safety. The firm grip on her arm pulling her out of the smoke. Like the feeling of falling when asleep. The jump of being pulled backwards out of the smoke woke her up every time; out of the dense smoke and into the clean air.

Sakura looked up once more to the corridor in front of her. She slumped forwards towards the hanging sign that read the name of the ward she was headed. She hugged her arms as she walked. Her thick, black hair fell over her shoulders, unbrushed and frayed. She wore no familiar flower.

She sat down on a hard, blue plastic chair. The chairs either side of her had giant red crosses sellotaped to their backs. Other than the receptionist and herself, only one other person sat at the other side of the waiting area. Posters covered the walls warning of the dangers of smoking, how to treat asthma, croupe in children, and other throat and mouth based conditions. A playset on a table and some children’s books laid lonely and untouched close by. It seemed as if there were hundreds of A4 pieces of paper stuck everywhere else. Some reminding patients not to abuse the staff. Some telling you to not use your phone. Some encouraging the use of online services. Most however, seemed newer and all spoke of something Covid related. Sakura’s knee length black dress with floral pattern was probably the most colourful thing in the room. The other person sat across from Sakura coughed into her fist through her mask. Sakura felt uneasy.

Sakura wobbled her legs as she waited. Her throat still stung but her stomach was bloated and crampy. Every time she coughed she felt her insides strain. She was sometimes certain she had Covid even though she knew she didn’t. Being in the hospital scared her though. She shivered as the air con blew through the grate in the ceiling above her. The chill ran through the neck of her dress and prickled around her breasts and upper back. She tensed as her body shook. She realised, unfortunately, that she hadn’t used the toilet before leaving her house. She swore to herself.

Once called, Sakura gently rose from her seat and made her way towards the man who stood in one of the doorways.

“Please, sit” he said as she entered his room. Sakura could smell a thick smog of disinfectant. The man pointed towards a hand sanitiser on the table next to her chair.

“How are things?” he asked curiously. Sakura gulped before she spoke.

“Better. I think” she grunted quietly after speaking.

“Hmm. Okay. And breathing? Do you still find you’re coughing a lot? Tight throat? Tickly?”

“Yes” Sakura nodded.

“Like I said last time. We expected this, no? I said it would take time to heal but you look better than last time”

Sakura nodded again.

“I’ll have a look, if I may?” he asked, picking up his thin, metal torch.

Sakura nodded once more.

The doctor adjusted his mask with one hand and made his way over to Sakura. They had met twice before today. As far as she knew, everyone who was at the woods that day had suffered from smoke inhalation. Some had burns. Some… well one… didn’t make it at all. She was also being hard on herself. She kept thinking if she had never agreed to meet Tom then none of it would have happened. She wouldn’t have gotten angry. She wouldn’t have thrown the bottle. Lula and Rosie would never have had shown up. Beth would be alive. The girl she didn’t even know but she killed. There was no other way to put it. The feeling of guilt clung to her shoulders day and night and she was ashamed.

“Open up” the doctor asked, leaning over her. Sakura pulled her mask down and opened her mouth, holding back a shallow splutter. She tightened her belly at the same time, squeezing her thighs together. Sakura stared upwards at his bushy eyebrows, trying to distract herself. She imagined pulling out each rogue hair that seemed to fray from their natural position.

“And move your tongue” he asked. She obliged, tensing her legs some more. She could hear him muttering some unintelligible doctors speak to himself beneath his mask. He leaned back and sat down, wiping the torch down with a wipe on his desk.

“Everything looks better but it will still take some time” he admitted, “there is still swelling at the back of your mouth”. Sakura nodded as if she already knew. She could feel it whenever she coughed.

“Keep doing what you’re doing. Drink water. No hard or crispy foods. Okay?”

“Okay”

“A warm compress on or behind your neck before you sleep, yes?”

She nodded once more, keen not to speak.

“Light exercise, hmm? Walk every day. Get outside and let the air get to your lungs. Get used to being up and about again. Of course, where you can” he encouraged.

“And…” he started with audible caution, “is it still affecting… your bladder?” has asked. Sakura could feel her face burn with embarrassment. She looked down. The doctor leaned forwards with wide eyes.

“Sometimes” she admitted, coughing slightly.

“As much as before?” he asked.

“No. I don’t think so. Not really” she lied. He seemed to pick up on this.

“Are you sure, Sakura?”

“No. It still… happens… sometimes. If I cough lots. I can’t… help it” she lowered her brow as tears welled at the bottom of her eyes. They bubbled at her eyelids as her face continued to burn.

“Stress incontinence… is very common” he tried to comfort her, “and it can be treated so it doesn’t happen as usual”

“So it will never stop?” she asked while wiping her eyes.

“It… can. When treated. But this all takes time, Sakura”

She sniffled hard and grunted.

“So how long?” she asked abruptly, forcing her knees together.

“I…”

“How long?!” she asked again but louder. The doctor raised one hand to calm her.

“Sakura. You are allowed to be angry. But please don’t be angry at me”

She took a deep breath and let the tears flow. The doctor found an unopened pack of tissues from the desk in his drawer and placed them on his desk, pushing them towards Sakura.

“Like I said. Keep doing what you’re doing. It’s still early days. This is still new to you. Your body is healing. You’ve been through a lot. Be easy on yourself”

Sakura shook her head. She didn’t dare admit the guilt she felt. That’s what was really on her mind. She knew her throat would heal. But Beth wouldn’t. She scrunched her nose in disdain.

“I would like to see you again in a few weeks. Slightly longer this time. Hopefully this gives you time to do as I’ve suggested, yes? If you are still finding the incontinence to be an issue then I would advise you continue to use protection as I said the last time we met” he raised his eyebrows.

“There are plenty of products available for people in your circumstance. Have you… tried using any incontinence protection?” he asked.

Sakura thought that her lightly tanned skin was turning a bright burgundy. She continued to look at the floor. She couldn’t bare looking him in the eyes. After a few seconds she nodded lightly.

“And it helps?”

She nodded again, wiping tears from her face.

“I suppose” he began, sitting back in his chair, “for you, not being at school right now is working in your favour. I believe this issue will resolve itself by the autumn. A few more weeks maybe”

Sakura sighed to herself. She wanted to bob her knees to quell the growing feeling od desperation but didn’t want to give any sign to the doctor that she needed to pee now. She wanted him to stop talking about it. She felt degraded enough as it was. She had already feared that someone would notice the slight padding beneath her dress. She didn’t dare wear jeans or shorts or anything that would have hugged her legs. She had spent hours trying on all her clothes and stood in front of a mirror seeing which would show the shape of the incontinence pants hugging her crotch and backside. She figured the only things that would work were dresses and skirts. Their loose material helped disguise the pants. All she would ever have to do is keep her legs together.

“I hope so” she whimpered, taking a tissue from the packet and wiping her face dry.

“Please call if things get worse. Book to see me again. I’ll sort the next appointment out and your parents will get a text message. I’ll send a letter too. Are they waiting outside for you?”

“No” she admitted, “I walked here. You said to walk”

“Yes. Good idea. Well, Sakura, thank you for coming. Keep doing what you’re doing. Don’t overdo it. Keep yourself safe, yes?”

“Yes” she agreed, standing up.

“Please” the doctor said, opening the door for her. His cheeks were wide so she assumed he was smiling underneath his mask. She nodded but couldn’t bring herself to smile. The door closed behind her.

Sakura shifted her thighs together while waiting for the lift. The smooth feeling of the discreet diaper was soft against her skin. She was forcing herself into the habit of always swaying slightly or shifting her waist left and right in the hope it would break the shape of her backside. Even through she was alone she kept thinking that everyone would know what she was wearing. She did still need to pee but hadn’t seen any toilet signs om her trip to the ward. The hospital was only a half hour walk from her house so it had never crossed her mind before she left.

She eagerly looked at the walls as she exited the lift, looking for any direction of some toilets. Nothing. She sighed and pouted. The muggy air filled her nose as she walked out of the automatic doors. It had rained slightly while she was inside. There was a distinct smell of freshly damped tarmac. A few people were waiting outside the doors. Each person in their own little space and appropriately distanced. Sakura lowered her head again and walked briskly past the crowd. She hoped no one saw, or even assumed, that she was wearing a diaper.

Every now and then Sakura would stop to soothe her throat. She kept believing that she could keep walking but her mouth would go dry and she’d have to cough. Each cough caused her body to tense. A few times she felt a small dribble escape her but could immediately control it. Each leak made her fearful, but she knew the diaper would hold whatever came out. She never spoke of it much to her parents. They were both overly supportive of the condition she was in after the fire but she hated talking about the incontinence. She also hadn’t dared tell them that she had used one of the diapers to test how much they could hold.

She believed it was necessary. She felt she had to. If she was going through all this and having to wear them she should know how well they work, right? She had only done it the once though in the safety of the bathroom. She had planned it for a few days. She would lock herself in the bathroom and sit on the toilet in the diaper. She would try and let half of the pee out in spurts, as she believed that’s how they would come out if she were trying to hold it, and then the last half all at once. To her astonishment the diaper had held. On this occasion she had planned to fully wet the diaper and then shower. She would roll the diaper up in her towel and hide back in her bedroom, throwing the diaper away inside multiple bags. She had even planned to do all of this the day before the bin collection so there was even less chance of her parents, or even worse her sister, finding out.

Sakura could feel that the gusset of the diaper was warm. She knew that when she was desperate it was harder to hold whenever she coughed. And when she was out walking she would cough more. She had already admitted to herself that she might wet more than she wanted to by the time she got home. Her parents had bought her an embarrassingly large supply of discreet diapers after her first appointment. They had told her to let them know if she needed more. She loved them for it but hated the whole dilemma.

As she neared her home, she could feel the bloat press against her stomach. The occasional dribbles had weakened her hold on her bladder. This was the most desperate she had been in a while. She hated wearing the diapers around the house as it just felt wrong so this meant she still had lots left indoors. The thought quickly passed her mind to ease the pressure and use the diaper for it’s purpose. She was emotional enough as it is and felt like the pain in her stomach was not worth the wait. But then she hesitated. She actually hated using them. Most of the time she would wear them and throw them away either completely dry or only slightly soiled. She had also only properly ‘used’ the diapers at home. She always made sure she had peed before she left the house. Not today though.

Unfortunately for Sakura, there were a few people walking the streets. She assumed each person was going out for their essential shopping. Even the woman walking out of a shop with two bottles of wine she had joked to herself. She moaned slightly as she could feel the pressure building. She didn’t know what to do. It would be more than easy enough to let the floodgates open and wet right there as she walked. She could even stop and pretend to use her phone. She also thought her face would give herself away. Everyone would know, surely? What’s that girl there doing? Peeing her pants? Obviously! She moaned again.

What if it does leak? It might. Everyone would see? Oh no.

Panicked, Sakura stepped out into the small grass clearing next to her. She had just turned into her estate. The grass was still slightly wet so she realised sitting down would be silly. She also couldn’t make any decisions now. People might look out of their windows. She lived nearby. People would recognise her. They would all know she was wetting herself… obviously!

Sakura picked up her pace and struggled towards her house. She was grunting and spluttering into her mask as she awkwardly power walked down the streets. Her throat felt sore and coarse. Her breaths felt dry and weak. She knew she had to stop. Luckily however, she may have gone far enough. She leaned forwards onto the brick wall that lined the entrance to the green area on her estate. The wall sloped towards the ground and was made of mismatched yellow stones. There was a small, bright green tree either side of the entrance to the park which Sakura quickly thought hid her from the view of any of the windows in the surrounding houses. She coughed and spat onto the floor, wiping her mouth with her forearm. Still leaning forwards onto the wall she gave in.

After tensing her crotch a few times in an attempt to let the pee out in spurts, she had lost the battle and let it all come out. The soft fabric of the diaper absorbed the warm pee and she could feel it puff against her vagina. She could feel it flow against her skin and pool at her backside. The padding around the back of the diaper started to fill too. She forced a few coughs. She tried to make it seem she was still legitimately in need of leaning against the wall. Her knees started to wobble as a wave of relief started to fill her body from the bottom up. Her upper body shook and her shoulders fidgeted. Her eyes were closed the whole time. She fought the imagery of the orange fire and sense of hopelessness with the rush of the relief.

She suddenly remembered how she had dampened the black denim of her shorts in the panic of being surrounded by fire and how it had dried from the intense heat. Just like the heat surrounding her ladyhood now. Except this was a wet heat. She let out an accidental moan and instantly scoffed at the sound. She adjusted her legs after realising they were quite far apart. Despite still finishing the pee, Sakura stood up and wiped her mouth again. She forced her thighs together as if to stand up normally.

She glared downwards to see no puddle on the pavement. She was both amazed and relieved. The pee stream had weakened to a light dribble as Sakura tried to walk normally towards her house. She had no idea if she was walking differently but she could feel the expanded diaper between her legs. She tried to innocently pat down her dress, making sure to feel around her backside. It didn’t seem as if the diaper was building too much but she had no way of knowing for sure. She could see her house. She ruffled the dress to try and make it flow naturally and awkwardly hurried to her front door.

Sara was waiting. As Sakura walked inside, her sister jumped out from the living room with an armful of socks folded together.

“Burglar!” she mocked, throwing a pair of socks. Sakura winced and took the socks to her collarbone.

“Burglar!!” Sara shouted louder, throwing yet another pair. Sakura dodged to her left as the socks hit the door.

“Get out!” Sara throwed another pair with more force. Sakura instinctively raised her right knee to try and block but remembered her full diaper. Scared Sara might see it, she lowered her foot and took the socks to her forehead. She wanted to hit the floor and let Sara know she won the fight but didn’t want to give her any reason to see the diaper. She fell to her knees and surrendered.

“You got me” she croaked before shutting her eyes tight. She felt the impact of more socks on her head. She nervously opened one eye. Sara was out of socks. Before she could get off the floor, Sara had ran up to her and threw her arms around her shoulders. Sakura hugged her back.

“Are you getting better?” she asked excitedly.

“I think so” Sakura said even though she was unsure.

“Did you get cobid?” she asked.

“No” Sakura chuckled then grunted.

“Yay!” Sara celebrated.

“I’m going upstairs. Pick up your socks” she told her sister, who did as she was told.

Sakura closed her bedroom door and leaned back onto it. She sighed as she felt safe. She raised her dress to see her bare legs and diaper. She realised they really ere discreet no matter how full it felt. It hugged her crotch and backside with only the smallest sign that it would show underneath some jeans. She figured most of the pee had soaked into the gusset, so the edges weren’t as full. This was also only the third time she had fully wet one. She thought for a while then thought what the hell. She pushed as hard as she could, forcing whatever was left inside of her to come out. Once again, Sakura felt the warm pee press against her vagina as it slowly absorbed into the already soaked padding. The leak lasted only a few seconds before pushing did nothing. She quietly groaned.

Sakura pressed her hand over the front of the diaper. Her fingers gently pressed into the squidgy material. There was a quiet sound of rustling plastic as she rubbed her hand over the material. She knew it was wrong, just like wetting herself without a diaper, but that felt good as well. She knew she wanted a shower. She always did after she went outside recently. The hot, enclosed shower always seemed to help her breath easier for a while. She would need a reason to breath easier soon anyway. Her breathing was becoming wheezy as she had started to moan while she rubbed the front of the diaper. The faint squelch of the saturated padding beneath her fingers was causing her to throb. Stepping away from the door and falling back onto her bed, Sakura continued to pleasure herself. The wet padding slid against her skin as her rubbing became harder.

She could feel the edges of the diaper stretch and pull on the outside of her legs. The padding slapped against the top of her backside. She arched her back and opened her mouth, gasping for air, as her stomach seemed to erupt and her whole crotch fill with thick pins and needles. Another shot of warm liquid pressed against her as she rested her body back onto her bed. She could hardly catch her breath laying on her back. She sat up, groggy, and reached for a half drunk glass of water on her bedside table. She drank it all. Her heart was still racing and her head was sweaty. She couldn’t ignore the heavy pulsating feeling inside the wet diaper. With her throat somewhat soothed, she flopped backwards onto her bed. Her breasts fizzed as she decided to grab and gently rub her nipples over her dress. She slid one hand back down towards the diaper and started moving it about again. How was it possible to hate and love every moment of something?

About twenty minutes had passed since Sakura had awoken from her nap. She squealed and sat up. Fuck. Did anyone come in? Did anyone see? She thought maybe not. The diaper now felt cold and heavy beneath her. Luckily it hadn’t leaked against her bedsheet. She stood up and hurriedly grabbed some pyjamas and her towel, eager to clean herself up. She grabbed her phone and stared at the lock screen, startled.

Lula: “Hope you’re okay. Me and Rosie are meeting up tomorrow. You coming? We all need to talk”

*260*2021-07-15 00:15

A Memorable Meeting (Part 1)

Lula spluttered as she tried to catch her breath. She was struggling to control her heavy, excitable panting. Her heart pounded against her chest. After closing her eyes to regain composure, she leaned right and slowly peered around the wall. She immediately snapped her head back.

She’s there. Oh no. Oh no. Oh… shh…shit. Hehe.

Lula pushed her feet into the ground, ready to pounce, clutching the pistol in her hands as tightly as she could. The bright yellow and blue plastic was slippery beneath against her skin. She could feel the wrinkles in her fingers as she waited. Her dark brown hair was sodden and clung to her face and neck. She could just about dig her bare toes into the mud below.

Rosie let out a bellowing cry. A high pitched shriek with a wobble of her tongue. She jumped into view on Lula’s right hand side. She hadn’t even heard her approach. Rosie pointed both pistols at Lula’s face and repeatedly pulled at the triggers. Lula flinched and gargled as jets of water drenched her already wet face. Small streams trickled down her neck and under her tshirt. She could feel the material of her swimsuit absorb the water.

“Got you!” Rosie shouted, laughing. Lula snorted and wiped her eyes with her forearm.

“Arrrgh!” Lula cried back, lusting for revenge. She pointed her single pistol in front of her and pulled the trigger. By the time she had opened her eyes, Rosie had disappeared. She paused, baffed.

How did she… where did she go?

Lula carefully trod out into the open. Her cover was blown. Rosie had fled. But where to? She was annoyingly light footed. Lula held the pistol with both hands and raised it to her face like she had seen in the movies. She thought she looked cool doing it. She certainly felt it. She sniffled as water droplets fell from her fringe. Lula tactically forced the pistol in front of her as she stepped out around the corner of the wall. The toy pointed exactly where she looked; towards the bushes, at the window, over towards the cars. She clumsily paced across the grass, focusing harder on looking for Rosie than where she was going.

“ABLBLBLBOPBOBLLBLBBOP” she heard again. Rosie’s high pitched shriek. Her tribal war cry.

Behind the cars!

Lula jumped into action, leaping towards the first car sat on the driveway and squatting behind it.

“BLBLBLBLBLBLBLAAA”

Lula smiled. Rosie was close. She must be.

Slowly, Lula placed the palms of her hands on the tarmac. A loose stone pinched at her skin and she quietly swore to herself, scrunching her nose in pain. With her backside in the air, she leaned down and forwards.

She’s on the other side of Mum’s car. She is! She is! She must be!

The underside of her Dad’s car was black and greasy. As Lula moved her head to see beneath both cars she gasped. Rosie was already laying down, facing her, on the ground two cars away. Both of her pistols were pointing towards Lula. She couldn’t react in time. Two long streams of water were shot towards Lula. They had only just reached her but she jumped regardless.

“HAHAHAHA” Rosie shouted out again, getting up and running somewhere new.

Lula hurried to her feet and rubbed her knees. Loose stones had imprinted themselves into her skin. She hopped back onto the grass and fell onto her backside.

She must have ran the other way. She couldn’t come this way. I would see her. She’s gone to the back garden. She must have.

Lula parted the bush between herself and the driveway. Quiet. She sighed in suspicion before getting back to her feet and creeping around the front of the cars, stopping at the bonnet of her Mum’s car. She pointed her pistol around to where Rosie had been laying before looking. She wouldn’t be caught out again.

1... 2… 3!

Lula stood up and ran past her Mum’s car. Maybe speed was the key. Rosie was fast. That’s how she kept getting her. It must be the reason why. Lula bomb burst past the gate to the back garden and onto the tiled patio. The smell of the barbeque filled her nose again. The light drone and chuckle of people speaking brought her back to reality. For a while she had thought it was only her and Rosie fighting to the death. She stood astounded, feet wide apart and both hands still firmly attached to the pistol. She glared around the garden but there was no sign of Rosie. Her expression dropped.

Where did she go? There’s nowhere else… How…?

Lula fell forwards as a ball of water exploded against her back. The single splash sound seemed to echo within her. The back of her tshirt and swimsuit became saturated. Whatever water hadn’t clung to her fell into the grass around her feet. Lula turned. Rosie was stood next to her. She had hidden behind the gate. How had she not seen her? Rosie had the smuggest smile on her face.

“Bitch” Lula said under her breath, smiling. Rosie gave an angled nod of approval and sprinted past her to the other end of the garden where she had kept a pile of water balloons. She threw her pistols to the floor and picked up two balloons. One blue and one red. They seemed heavy in her hands, sagging around her palms. Lula just stood there as her clothes dripped.

Lula knew how this played out. She remembered. She would run at Rosie. Rosie would throw both balloons. One would hit and one would miss, hitting the fence to Lula’s left. The wated that hit the fence would bounce off and rain over them both. Rosie would pick up one of her pistols and make another sprint back towards the gate and to the front of the house. Lula would pick up one of the prepared balloons and Rosie’s extra pistol then give chase.

Lula faked movement as she went to run then stopped, hoping to make Rosie panic. It didn’t work. She gave up. Lula ran straight for Rosie. Rosie then decided to react, clumsily throwing both the balloons in Lula’s direction. One burst at Lula’s feet and the other against the fence on her right. The water exploded off the fence and came back at them both. Rosie knew she had to get up so picked up the pistol closest to her, slipped, regained herself, then ran towards the centre of the garden before turning back to the gate. Lula skidded as Rosie set off, shooting wildly behind her, missing, as she sprinted. As Rosie escaped, Lula bent over to pick up a water balloon and saw Rosie’s second pistol. She grabbed both, carrying both pistols in her right hand and forefinger over both triggers. The water balloon weighed down in her left hand. A grenade she thought. She had the upper hand. She smiled.

Lula halted on the other side of the gate, back outside the front of the house. A confident look spread across her face.

“Give it up!” Rosie’s voice came from the other side of the cars, back where she had hidden only a few minutes ago.

“No, you should!” Lula replied.

Rosie appeared around the corner where she found Lula just before. Somehow Rosie seemed to know exactly where Lula was stood. Her single pistol pointed straight at her. Lula snapped her gaze to the left and threw the balloon. Rosie disappeared back behind the wall as the balloon flew past her, bouncing then bursting in the grass. Rosie reappeared and point ed the pistol at Lula.

“I have you!”

“I have you!” Lula shouted back, pointing both pistols at Rosie. Neither of them shot.

“Well?” Lula asked, knowing she had more to shoot if Rosie started.

“Time out!” Rosie replied.

What?

“What do you mean?”

“Time out!” Rosie replied again.

“Wwwhyyy?” Lula asked, suspicious. She remembered what happened next too. Although, strange she remembered this now. She hardly ever remembered this whole event. Why now?

Rosie disappeared back behind the wall. Lula made her way over slowly, still pointing both pistols at the bricks in case she showed her face.

“Rosie?” Lula asked. What’s she doing? She’s going to jump out…?

Lula approached the corner and peered around. Rosie was squatting in the grass, her pistol resting on her knee in her right hand.

“What are you doing?” Lula asked.

“Needed to pee” Rosie laughed, looking up at Lula.

Lula looked down. She heard it before she saw it. Rosie was peeing in her shorts. Through her swimsuit!

“What are you doing!?” Lula asked again amused. They both giggled.

Rosie shrugged.

“Needed to pee” she replied nonchalantly.

“In your shorts?” Lula asked.

“I’m already wet. Who will know?” Rosie said shrugging. Lula was baffled.

Rosie bounced as she squatted, letting the last few drops fall from the material of her shorts. She stood up then began to squirt the water pistol on herself.

“No one will know!”

Her black cycling shorts shone white as she shot herself with water. The black lycra absorbed everything that was shot at them. Lula was still speechless.

“But why” she asked.

“Why not?” Rosie replied, “Who will know?”

“Me?” Lula replied, confused.

“It’s okay” Rosie laughed, “this is the second time I’ve done it!”

Second!?

“What? When did you do it before?”

“Oh just after we started”

“Why?” Lula asked again.

“It’s easier” Rosie replied, still chuckling to herself, “and I’m already wet. Try it!” she offered as she quickly pointed her pistol at Lula’s crotch and shot a few squirts. Lula took a step back.

“What, no?” she replied somewhat disgusted.

“Chicken. It’s okay” Rosie pushed even more. Lula frowned. She did need to pee but had been holding it until she went indoors. The idea of wetting herself hadn’t even crossed her mind. Why would she? Why would Rosie? Just why?

“Just find somewhere, pee, then squirt yourself with water. No one will ever know!” Rosie still encouraged her. Lula hesitated. Rosie was making sense. What she said was true. No one would know. But why would she? Because she could? Was that a good enough reason? Maybe.

“I haven’t wet myself for years” Lula exclaimed. Rosie just smiled.

“On accident” Rosie replied.

“What? At all!”

“Well this wasn’t an accident. This was just… convenient” Rosie giggled, “don’t you need to go?” she asked.

Lula blushed.

“Sort of” she admitted.

“Just go then” Rosie almost demanded. Lula frowned again. Her brow started to ache from frowning. Now she thought about it, she probably could pee if she wanted to. The excitement of the water fight had stopped her thinking about it. But now they were stood still and talking about it she realised the feeling was there. The bloat. The pressure.

“I don’t know…” Lula replied awkwardly.

“Just sit” Rosie offered, “come on” she finished, sitting in the grass first.

“Can you even tell I did it?” Rosie asked, opening her legs. The black lycra stretched with her legs. They were wet sure but you’d never tell from pee. They were shooting each other with water so of course she would be wet. Lula was wet as well though.

“Swimsuits are made to get wet anyway” Rosie continued.

“Okay just… it’s weird” Lula admitted.

“Yeah whatever. Sit” Rosie ordered. Lula sat, dropping the water pistols either side of her.

Lula sat cross legged on the grass, looking at Rosie who was sat forwards leaning on her knees.

“You’re already wet”

“I know I know. Just. Shht” Lula snapped. This was all weird. It felt wrong. She could feel the pee there but couldn’t find it in herself to let it go. She looked back up at Rosie who had her eyebrows raised. The crotch of her shorts were wide.

You really can’t tell she did it. Screw it.

Lula shuffled in the grass then looked down. At first nothing happened but then a shot of warm pee hit against the inside of her swimsuit. She felt it damped and spread over her vagina before seeping down towards her backside. It began to pool in the seat of her shorts. A faint hiss could be heard. She whimpered and shuffled again. What was she doing? The warmth spread around her but so did the relief. The feeling seemed to fill her as the pee escaped her. The pee made her swimsuit and shorts feel heavy but she felt more and more lighter as she relieved herself. Her cotton, jogging bottom style shorts sagged as she sat up, half squatting. Pee fell from the shorts and down her legs. She awkwardly pulled the waistband of the shorts and saw the pee glisten against her swimsuit down below. The midnight blue colour of the swimsuit appeared black around her crotch. She could feel it soak into the material. And around her back? What? How?

Everything started to feel wet. At first her backside and waist but now her lower back. And then her sides. And now her upper back and shoulder blades. What is this? Why…

Lula snapped her eyes open and sat up. She had pretty much finished. The last few trickles of pee were already making their way out of her as she realised what had happened… again.

Fuck. Fuckfuckfuckfuck.

Lula had refused to wear the diaper again. She hated the fact her parents wanted her to. She hated how the one time she had worn one before it was because she wanted to but now she was expected to she didn’t want to. The enjoyment factor had gone. She hated them. They embarrassed her. Her parents embarrassed her about them. They didn’t mean to but they did. She closed her eyes and sighed, trying to hold back tears.

Lula switched on the lamp on her bedside table. She squinted as the amber light filled her side of the room. She threw the duvet to the far side of the bed and inspected the damage. There was no hiding it. Certainly no denying it. Her bed was soaked. She was soaked. Her light grey leggings were a few shades darker. The wet patch grew out from her crotch and between her thighs. Her baby blue bedsheet had gone slightly see through where the pee had spread. The bumps in the material of her waterproof mattress cover poked through the wetness. The protector had worked, obviously, but she hated that she would have to wash it again. Her parents would know. Again. They would tell her to wear the diapers overnight. Again. She sighed angrily then checked her phone. Some light was starting to bleed around her curtains. It had just gone 4am.

Lula fell back onto her bed and stared at the ceiling.

Uggghhhh. Do I just pretend I was asleep? Or sort this now? They’ll wake up if I start moving around now. Fuck that. I won’t hear the end of it. Can I hide it all until later? I can wash it when they’re at work? I could…

Lula couldn’t decide what to do. She couldn’t bare thinking of telling her parents that she had wet the bed yet again. Not since the pack of mostly unused diapers still sat in her wardrobe; purchased by her parents at the advise of the doctors. She shook her head again. She had made up her mind. She… would… wait it out. She’d done it before at Rosie’s house, on the airbed, so she could do it again now. This would be the first time she’d done it this week and not told her parents through. She was confident she could get away with it. If she stayed in bed until both her Mum and Dad had gone to work then she could get up and wash everything.

It just all seemed worse doing this at home though. That time at Rosie’s, she wasn’t in her own bed and Rosie seemed to have it all planned out. Her though, right now, she would be hiding the wetting from her parents. She would be denying them the truth of how bad she was suffering with it. She had hardly used any of the diapers not only to not feel the embarrassment of regressing into them and her parents knowing it, but to prove to herself she could control this. The was only one problem. She could not control it. Not yet.

Lula pulled the duvet back over her legs and up to her chest. She winced at the thought of the duvet cover dampening against the sheet. That couldn’t be helped. Lula switched the lamp back off. Her only option now was to try and get back to sleep. Surely she wouldn’t dream again in the next few hours? If she could get to sleep that was.

~

Lula awoke to her curtains wide open. They moved gently in the breeze flowing through the open window. She shivered. She was still laying on her back. Luckily, she hadn’t moved. As she lifted her back and backside off the bed she could feel the cold, damp material cling to her skin. Her phone read 10:30. Both her parents would be at work. It was time to get up. But… first…

The opportunistic though raced through her mind. As much as she hated her situation at the moment, being able to wet more frequently on purpose was something Lula was taking advantage of. She tensed and then relaxed. A fresh, short wave of pee escaped from her and resoaked her leggings and bedsheet. She felt it pool at her backside and legs as it spread out beneath her again. It didn’t last long but she felt the heat against her vagina. She began to throb. She moaned. She knew she was meeting Rosie and Sakura today but she still had time. She slid her arms under the duvet and pulled at the material of her leggings.

They made a faint slap sound as she let them form back to her legs. She began to masturbate over the wet material. She could feel her fingers rub between her lips until she found the right spot. She let out an uncontrollable gasp. The end result didn’t take long. Beads of sweat rolled down her forehead. Her thighs felt numb and her waist fizzed. She gave one final push and felt the last of the pee press against the hand she had cupped over her crotch. It took her about five minutes to regain composure.

Right… oh. Ohhhhh. Right. Phew. Shower. Change. Wash stuff. Meet girls. PHEW. Phewww. She was breathing heavily. The excitement began to fade though. The girls. They had a lot to discuss. A lot to talk about. This would be the first time they all met up since the fire; and Rosie had changed. She wasn’t herself. No longer the bubbly and confident spirit she always had been. Certainly not the playful Rosie from her dream.

Damn… that was years ago. What were we? Ten? Eleven? Did it even happen like that? I remember the water fight. But did we both…? We must have? I think…? We did?

The memories came flooding back. Lula was sure that day happened exactly as she had dreamt it. But why had she suddenly remembered it? Had Rosie been trying to condition her into wetting since an earl age? Had Rosie been doing it from an early age? How had she not remembered that time before? Why had she only remembered it now? Hmmmmm.

Lula flipped onto her front, soaking her tshirt against the bedsheet. She had clenched her first, exposing her thumb. She was riding it slowly over the wetness. She moaned again. She’d get ready soon but first…

*264*2021-08-07 23:18

A Memorable Meeting (Part 2)

“It’s. Fine!” snapped Rosie, pausing between the two words.

“Rosie…”

“NO!” she yelled back, breathing heavily through her nose. Tears had started to well up in her eyes.

“And don’t… just… NO! I’m going!” she yelled, not letting her Mum respond. She hopped around on her left foot, pushing the crutch in her right hand into the floor, and awkwardly shuffled away. Two tears dribbled down her cheeks. She loudly groaned as her crutch banged against the doorway out of the kitchen.

“Rosie…” her Mum called with exhaustion in her voice. She was still leaning against the kitchen counter, rubbing her face. She didn’t call out again but glared at the floor in worry as she heard Rosie slump up each stair. One at a time. Molly knew that Rosie was in pain but she was running out of ways to help. Rosie had become isolated and argumentative. She got angry over small things and would shout and scream. She would take everything out on her parents. They were the only people around her so there was nowhere else for it all to go. Molly sighed and her face dropped as she cried into her hands.

“Fuckin… fuckin… grgrgr… ughhh… fuckin” Rosie grumbled as she final struggled over the top stair. She paused to catch her breath, leaning heavily on the crutch. She grunted and made her way into her bedroom, pushing the door shut. She didn’t have the energy to slam it.

Her bedroom was starting to smell. Piles of clothes littered the floor and a few plates had started to pile up. Rosie scrunched her face to the tears stopped trickling into her mouth. She wiped her face with her spare hand and bounced as she sat onto her bed, letting the crutch rest against the mattress. Rosie winced as she cried into her hands. She started to dig her nails into her brow and driver her knees together. She exhaled sharply and punched the mattress before laying on her back. She closed her eyes again and let herself cry. The heavy breathing was causing her ribs to ache. Her chest rose and fell quickly as she sobbed.

Rosie didn’t know why she was getting angry. Trying to push out the memories was hard. Trying to imagine if things had gone differently was almost impossible. Trying not to blame herself for not going to find Beth was soul destroying. She blamed herself every day. She knew her flame had ran out. She felt empty and unmotivated. All the time she was awake all she could do was think about Beth and feel guilty. When asleep, she was in the cave again. Hungry. Alone. Wet. Dirty. Scared. Probably dying. She was finding it impossible to relax or have fun. She hardly messaged Lula anymore. Although, seeing her out of the hospital was the best moment since it all happened. She closed her eyes tighter as she remembered that day; seeing Lula hobble out of the hospital doors and walk into the sunlight; finally seeing her best friend after all that time. But Sakura… She felt conflicted.

She caused the fire. It’s… her… fault? But I didn’t help… It’s my fault. Lottie made her throw the bottle… It’s her fault. We didn’t get there sooner… it’s our fault. Lula was late… it’s her fault. I never stood up for her quick enough… it’s my fault. I ran away. It’s my fault. I didn’t help. It’s my fault. I… fuckin fuckin fucking didn’t….

Rosie began to huff and punch at her thighs as she swore out loud, blaming herself. Her eyelids felt heavy. She’d cried all she could cry. She sighed and let her face drop into her hands. Snot leaked into her palms. Her thighs now ached. Oh well. Fuck it. Fuck me.

~

Lula stared at herself in the mirror. She was unconvinced. She knew it was there. Surely everyone else would too? Underneath her jeans and leggings and compression shorts and underwear, was a diaper. She’d done everything she could to hide it. Her legs were warm but she felt it was worth it. She ran her hands over her crotch and backside once more, feeling for the edges of the padding. Her fingers rose ever so slightly as they felt the denim over the edge of the diaper. She winced and bit her bottom lip. She had no choice. This was her best option. She sighed and slumped.

“Don’t forget your mask” her Mum said, walking from the kitchen, as Lula reached the bottom of the stairs.

“Got it” she replied, tapping the pocket on her right. Her Mum looked down and gestured with her head.

“Do you…” she began to ask.

“Mmmmum. Yes” Lula replied awkwardly. She felt her cheeks get hot as her chest flustered.

“Okay… I couldn’t tell”

“Really?”

“Really. I can’t tell. You’re okay”

Lula smiled.

“Thank you” she said, leaning into her Mum’s side as an arm pulled her closer.

“Be careful”

Lula nodded against her Mum’s chest, pulling at the sleeves on her hoody.

~

Sakura was already there. She was sat staring at the slab floor of the bandstand. Her legs were crossed and bent underneath the bench. She’s not wearing her flower…

“Hey” Lula said softly, pulling herself up the couple of steps with a hand on one of the wooden beams. Sakura seemed to flinch before looking up.

“Hey” she replied quietly. Her knee length, midnight blue skirt creased between her hands She was also wearing a slightly decorative but mainly black t shirt. Her hair was brushed back and fell behind her shoulders.

“You okay?” Lula asked, sitting a few meters away. Despite the layers, she could feel the press of the diaper against her backside. She winced and took a moment to compose herself.

“Yeah” Sakura seemed to lie, nodding slightly. Lula mumbled in response.

“Is Rosie coming?” Sakura asked after a few minutes of silence. A cool breeze brushed through the bandstand every now and then.

“Should be” Lula replied, looking into the direction of the wind from the open field.

“Why?” she asked. Sakura shrugged.

“She has not spoken to me”

“She’s not said much to me either” Lula admitted, still not breaking gaze.

“Oh. You always speak though?”

“Yeah. We do. But what she went through… I’m worried about her”

“Mmm” Sakura replied.

“I’m… worried about you too” Lula admitted, finally looking back at Sakura. She raised her head and looked back.

“Why?”

“Because you’re not… you. We all feel like shit”

Sakura coughed into her hands.

“That from the…” Lula began to ask.

Sakura nodded as she continued to splutter before wiping her hands on her skirt.

“It’s not cov…”

“I know. I know” Lula cut in.

The pair went silent again.

“It was my fault. Wasn’t it?” Sakura eventually spoke up again. Lula was stunned.

“What? No…” Lula replied cautiously. To an extent… yes. Lula had believed this. She had thought about it herself. Sakura started the fire. She didn’t mean to. But she did. She had. It wasn’t her fault. How was she to know. She was angry. She was defending herself. She was dealing with Lottie. She was confused. She was stupid… We all played a part.

Sakura’s gaunt face remained expressionless as she continued to burn a hole into the concrete with her stare.

“Hey” Lula tried to sound comforting as she got up and sat next to Sakura.

“We can’t…”

“Fuck the rules” Lula said, putting an arm around Sakura.

“She… Beth was your friend” she began to sob. Lula nodded against Sakura’s head.

“Yeah… she was… she is” her eyes began to fill up too.

*tap tap tap*

Both the girls looked up. Rosie was leant against the edge of the bandstand. She looked uncomfortable. She was breathing heavily. Lula leapt from the bench and helped her up the steps. Sakura wiped her eyes. She didn’t dare look at Rosie. The three girls sat apart from each other. It was quiet. Rosie was trying to catch her breath as she let the crutch slip to the floor. She leaned back and groaned, supporting her chest.

“So?” Rosie eventually said out loud.

“You okay?” Lula asked. Rosie raised her eyebrows as she squeezed her belly.

“Doing great. Bad leg. Bad chest. Headaches. Dry mouth. The usual” she replied sarcastically but without the usual charm. Lula was concerned.

“Rosie…”

“What? What can you do?”

“I… what… can I do?”

“Nothing. Sorry. Just nothing” Rosie scoffed, rubbing her forehead, “everything hurts. But I don’t feel it. You know? I don’t feel it” she gestured towards her legs.

“Don’t feel what?” Lula asked. Rosie sighed. She shifted right and confidently pulled the waistband of her leggings down enough to show the bruises over her thighs. She was unashamed of her black underwear. Her thighs were covered in green, blue, and yellow bruises. Lula raised her hands to her mouth.

“Rosie… what are… why…”

Rosie closed her eyes and shook her head.

“I don’t need…”

Before she could finish her sentence, Lula had gotten up again and this time sat next to Rosie. The padding pressed against her once more. She slipped her arm through Rosie’s and leant into her. Rosie accepted the support and held Lula’s hand, interlocking her fingers and squeezing.

“Anything to say?” Rosie asked abruptly, looking over to Sakura. Lula didn’t look up. The tension cut through air. Sakura peered up from her knees and towards her friends. She thought they were still her friends. Lula was being nice. Maybe she was pretending to be nice? Maybe she didn’t want to take sides? But Rosie…

“Well?” Rosie’s voice broke as she spoke. Her lip wobbled and her eyes started to well up.

“Rosie…” Lula said gently, nudging with her elbow.

“No…N…No!” Rosie snapped, trying to stand up. Lula wasn’t expecting her to move.

“You can’t just come along and… and… fuck everything up” Rosie struggled to force herself to her feet.

“I…” Sakura was immediately cut off.

“You!” Rosie shouted. She pushed Lula back.

“You… killed… her. You nearly killed me” Rosie’s hand shook uncontrollably as she pointed towards Sakura. Sakura had wiped her eyes and was standing up. Her fingers were shifting against one another as she decided whether to make fists.

“Rosie…” Lula said worried.

“No, Lula. No. We went to stick up for her and she fucked it all up. Can’t control her fucking temper and now Beth… Beth is… I could have… And you were in hospital” Rosie had turned to face Lula. She hadn’t even noticed yet but Rosie had heavy black bags sagging under her bloodshot eyes. Her hair was dry and frayed. Her face was stained with grazes from popped spots. Her nails had been bitten as far back as they could go.

“And you. You only went because you were trying to get off with her ex” Rosie struggled to turn back to Sakura.

“What…?” Lula whimpered.

“What? I… No? He… Tom? He invited…”

“Don’t give me that shit. I see. Right. Through. You” Rosie jabbed her finger forwards with each separate word before pulling her hand back on the last.

Lula felt a heavy weight choke her. Her chest sunk. She felt a numbness spread from inside her. She pushed herself from the bench.

“You… were with Tom?”

“You know she fucking was” Rosie snapped.

“I didn’t know. He texted me. He messaged me and wanted to meet up and then asked me to go to the party then the other girl…”

Lula believed her. She didn’t think for a second that Sakura was conspire against either of them. But this was still news to her. She still felt betrayed.

Rosie hobbled across the bandstand towards Sakura.

“I don’t know what you…”

Rosie’s eyes were aflame. Sakura stepped back as Rosie came towards her.

“Don’t…” Sakura warned.

Rosie let out a yelp as she tried throwing a punch toward Sakura. Sakura immediately grabbed Rosie’s limp fist and pushed her away. Groggy and unbalanced, Rosie fell backwards onto the hard floor. Lula gasped as Rosie hit the ground with a thump.

“Stop! Please. Stop!” Lula cried out, leaping between her two friends. She croaked and spluttered as tears ran down her cheeks.

“Just stop!” she yelled again. Lula fell to her knees and grabbed one of Rosie’s ankles with her left hand. In her right was a piece of scrunched up newspaper.

“Just stop” she whimpered again. She felt Sakura’s hand and forehead on her right shoulder. Rosie shuffled on her backside and leaned in towards Lula. She nestled in Lula’s arm and rested on her left thigh. The three girls sobbed together.

“Please don’t fight” Lula whimpered again. Despite the tears, her throat was feeling dry again. She kept puckering her lips to let each bead of salty water wet her mouth.

“I’m fucking angry” Rosie muttered.

“I’m sorry” Sakura admitted.

“Stop” Lula pleaded. She raised her head and sniffed hard.

“She’s gone. It’s all our faults. Please don’t fight” Lula croaked.

They didn’t speak again for a while. Their crying had died down to sniffles.

“Nice nappy” Rosie said quietly. Lula flinched.

How the fuck…?

Rosie felt Lula shift. She raised an eyebrow in confusion. Sakura awkwardly pushed her skirt between her legs. Lula looked down to Sakura.

“What…?” Lula started to ask.

Rosie smirked.

“Both of you?!” she asked surprised.

“Am I the only one here not wearing…” Rosie chuckled to herself. She leaned back, letting go of Lula. Sakura’s cheeks were a crimson red.

“I… the fire… I…” Sakura started her excuse as she shifted uncomfortably on the floor.

“Me too…” Lula admitted, comforting her.

Lula flinched again and almost jumped up as she felt the waistband of her jeans snap back towards her.

“Layers. Nice” Rosie admitted. Lula lowered her eyebrows in anger.

Sakura let out a giggle. Lula snapped her gaze right then giggled too. She sighed and shook her head.

“Where’s yours then?” Lula plucked the courage to ask Rosie.

Rosie just shook her head and pouted.

“Need to let it all breath, you know” she waved her hand around her crotch comically. Lula giggled again.

“That bad?”

“Mmhmm” Rosie sounded under her breath.

Lula reached out and grabbed behind both Rosie and Sakura’s heads and pulled them in. Their foreheads touched together as Lula embraced them both. The scrap of newspaper was still scrunched in her right hand.

“I love you both. We can’t fight. We can’t… give up hope” she started to tear up again.

“When I was… in the hospital. Dottie… the lady next to me… she… oh she was lovely. Rosie… the cave… her daughter… they found her… look” Lula began to unfold the scrap in her hand, showing the article about Frances and Dottie’s handwritten quote at the bottom. Rosie pulled the paper from Lula’s hand and skimmed the text. Lula let go of the girls and forced herself to her feet. Her legs felt heavy with pins and needles. She tried to sniff away the tears.

Rosie handed Sakura the scrap of paper when she finished reading. She looked around without focussing on anything. She couldn’t bring herself to look at the picture with the article. The rough walls of the cave. The opening in the wall above where she had sat. The jagged stones across the floor. She took a few deep breaths before stretching out on the floor to reach her crutch. She looked up at Lula who was staring out of the bandstand. Her arms were folded and her chests shook as she cried. Rosie sighed as the adrenaline from earlier faded away. She picked up the crutch and hit it against Sakura’s knee. Sakura looked up quickly.

“I’m sorry” Rosie admitted, tilting her head. Sakura’s expression relaxed as she nodded in agreement. The girls edged towards each other.

“I’m sorry” she said again, leaning against Sakura. She closed her eyes and gently shook her head.

“I’m sorry too” Sakura whimpered as she held the scrap in her hands.

“Where’s Lula?” Rosie asked, realising she had disappeared.

“I don’t know” Sakura replied, helping Rosie to her feet. They both looked around from the centre of the bandstand.

“There” Sakura pointed out towards the closest treeline.

“What’s that way? Who are they?” she asked. Rosie hobbled over.

“The cemetery…” Rosie said slowly.

The hearse made it’s way calmly into the cemetery. The black metal glistened beneath the sun. Lula, astounded, was pacing across the field towards the short wooden fence that lined against the edge of the road. Resting against the dark wooden coffin, and surrounded by wreaths of plump, multi coloured flowers, was a framed photo of Dottie. Lula cried out loud as she got closer to the car. Her face was shrivelled and tight and wet from tears. She stopped at the wooden fence and walked alongside the hearse.

Rosie and Sakura were calling form behind her but she couldn’t hear them. Her peripheral vision was blurred. Her vision was fixated on the picture inside the car. There was a procession of three cars following the hearse. Lula didn’t notice the elderly man sat in the passenger seat of the first car. His black suit was immaculate and what remained of his hair was brushed over his head. He was scrunching his mouth and rolling his moustache on his upper lip. He noticed the girl walking beside the car. Who was she?

Lula felt Sakura’s grip on her shoulders. The procession had parked up and about ten people were exiting the vehicles. Lula ignored Sakura and stepped over the wooden fence, innocently walking down the road into the cemetery. The grass around her was freshly cut and the tiny pieces of loose gravel shifted underneath shoes. Lula noticed the man close the door of the first car. He was short and slightly plump. He adjusted his collar and wiped his jacket as she stood up properly. He turned to face Lula.

“Can I help you?” he called over, “This is a funeral, my dear, you can’t just…”

“Dottie” Lula whimpered, walking towards him.

“How do you know…”

“She was in the bed next to me… in the hospital”

“…my wife” Benedict finished. He smirked. His eyes rested peacefully towards Lula. She noticed his moustache rise at the tips where he smiled.

“Lula” he said softly. She nodded. He raised a hand between them both with his palm facing up.

“May I?” he asked. She nodded again, taking his hand. He pulled her close and hugged her tight. Lula felt a frail hand rest and curl up against her upper back.

“No, no, sorry. I’m getting your suit messy” she pulled away and wiped her eyes.

“Don’t worry, dear. My Dottie wrote to me a lot. She mentioned you” he said, lowering his head and looking at Lula through the tops of his eyes.

“She told me about the kind girl in the bed next to her. The girl who was worried about her friend. The girl who reminded her of…”

“Frances” Lula cut in, “I’m so sorry”

Benedict shook his head and let his hands rest on Lula’s shoulders.

“Don’t…”

“Lose hope?” she finished again, smirking and wiping her eyes.

“I didn’t” she chuckled beneath her tears. Lula turned around to see Rosie finally making her way over the fence and sitting on it as she tried to catch her breath. Sakura was stood there too, one foot in front of the other, fumbling with her hands at her front.

“Wait. Wait!” Lula stuttered, grabbing Benedict’s hands and running back to the girls. Sakura held out the scrap of paper as Lula took it, rubbing her thumb over her hand.

“Here. Dottie gave me this. Take it, please” Lula unfolded the scrap and held it out to Benedict. He pulled his head back a bit and held the paper in front of him as he read. He gently rubbed his fingers over the handwriting at the bottom of the page as he read the article. This was the first time Lula saw a tear fall from his eye.

“Benny!” a voice called from towards the cemetery building. Benedict turned and gestured with his hand as he nodded. He took Lula’s hands, placed the paper in her palms, then closed her hands with his own. He shook his head.

“Keep it, please” he said. Lula felt his hands shake on top of her own. They both smiled.

“I have to go inside. I would invite you but I’m not allowed anyone else in”

“No… no, it’s okay. Please. Sorry. I’ve kept you…”

“Don’t you dare apologise, dear. I never thought I would meet you. But you kept my Dottie happy in her last few days. This was never going to be a great day. But I can assure you you’ve made it brighter” Benny pushed Lula’s hands into her chest and let go.

Benny bowed ever so slightly as he stepped away from Lula, readjusted his collar, took a deep sigh, turned, and walked towards the cemetery building. The stones cracked and shifted beneath his polished shoes. Lula held the scrap tightly to her chest. She could hear the crutch tapping against the ground and she felt the presence of Rosie and Sakura come up either side of her. The three girls watched, and cried, but admired, as the coffin was lifted from the hearse and carried into the wide arch doors. Benny walked directly behind the coffin. He stood upright and from a distance appeared confident and strong. The only giveaway was when he pulled the white hankie from his pocket to wipe his face as he disappeared behind the doors.

$$

