Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 13

Author: omobecca

*255*2021-07-07 00:54

Discreet decisions

I want to thank everyone for the feedback for the last few chapters. Sorry not sorry for the plot. Love you all <3

The lift doors slid shut. Everything jolted as the carriage began to move. A gentle hum filled her ears as she covered her mouth to cough beneath the face mask. There was another jolt as the lift came to a stop. She wiped the sweat that stung her eyes and grunted to soothe her throat. It didn’t work.

At first the doors failed to open fully. She could just make out the long corridor ahead. The floor shone from the LED lights in the ceiling but it was sparse. It was quiet. She cautiously hopped out of the lift, worried the doors would close on her. She coughed again. This time it hurt more. The pain came and went but a tickle clung to the back of her throat. The sound of her own breath beneath the mask is all she could hear. A light down the corridor flickered. Her breathing became shallow again as her chest tightened. Another cough. Her abdomen tensed as she tried clearing her throat. She wiped her forehead and closed her eyes. There was a bright orange flash followed by the smell of smoke. She snapped her eyes open.

She took a few deep breaths to calm down but the air scraped down her neck. The smell of smoke hung in her nose a little longer. She couldn’t seem to forget it. And the orange lights. The flashes that kept her up at night. The sense of hopelessness. No sense of direction. The burning in her eyes. The suffocation. The regrettable recklessness. Every night she dreamt the same thing. She would wake up with saturated pillows and the covers kicked away. Tissues scrunched and piled beside her bed full of phlegm. Tossing and turning waiting for the pull she knew was coming. The pull to safety. The firm grip on her arm pulling her out of the smoke. Like the feeling of falling when asleep. The jump of being pulled backwards out of the smoke woke her up every time; out of the dense smoke and into the clean air.

Sakura looked up once more to the corridor in front of her. She slumped forwards towards the hanging sign that read the name of the ward she was headed. She hugged her arms as she walked. Her thick, black hair fell over her shoulders, unbrushed and frayed. She wore no familiar flower.

She sat down on a hard, blue plastic chair. The chairs either side of her had giant red crosses sellotaped to their backs. Other than the receptionist and herself, only one other person sat at the other side of the waiting area. Posters covered the walls warning of the dangers of smoking, how to treat asthma, croupe in children, and other throat and mouth based conditions. A playset on a table and some children’s books laid lonely and untouched close by. It seemed as if there were hundreds of A4 pieces of paper stuck everywhere else. Some reminding patients not to abuse the staff. Some telling you to not use your phone. Some encouraging the use of online services. Most however, seemed newer and all spoke of something Covid related. Sakura’s knee length black dress with floral pattern was probably the most colourful thing in the room. The other person sat across from Sakura coughed into her fist through her mask. Sakura felt uneasy.

Sakura wobbled her legs as she waited. Her throat still stung but her stomach was bloated and crampy. Every time she coughed she felt her insides strain. She was sometimes certain she had Covid even though she knew she didn’t. Being in the hospital scared her though. She shivered as the air con blew through the grate in the ceiling above her. The chill ran through the neck of her dress and prickled around her breasts and upper back. She tensed as her body shook. She realised, unfortunately, that she hadn’t used the toilet before leaving her house. She swore to herself.

Once called, Sakura gently rose from her seat and made her way towards the man who stood in one of the doorways.

“Please, sit” he said as she entered his room. Sakura could smell a thick smog of disinfectant. The man pointed towards a hand sanitiser on the table next to her chair.

“How are things?” he asked curiously. Sakura gulped before she spoke.

“Better. I think” she grunted quietly after speaking.

“Hmm. Okay. And breathing? Do you still find you’re coughing a lot? Tight throat? Tickly?”

“Yes” Sakura nodded.

“Like I said last time. We expected this, no? I said it would take time to heal but you look better than last time”

Sakura nodded again.

“I’ll have a look, if I may?” he asked, picking up his thin, metal torch.

Sakura nodded once more.

The doctor adjusted his mask with one hand and made his way over to Sakura. They had met twice before today. As far as she knew, everyone who was at the woods that day had suffered from smoke inhalation. Some had burns. Some… well one… didn’t make it at all. She was also being hard on herself. She kept thinking if she had never agreed to meet Tom then none of it would have happened. She wouldn’t have gotten angry. She wouldn’t have thrown the bottle. Lula and Rosie would never have had shown up. Beth would be alive. The girl she didn’t even know but she killed. There was no other way to put it. The feeling of guilt clung to her shoulders day and night and she was ashamed.

“Open up” the doctor asked, leaning over her. Sakura pulled her mask down and opened her mouth, holding back a shallow splutter. She tightened her belly at the same time, squeezing her thighs together. Sakura stared upwards at his bushy eyebrows, trying to distract herself. She imagined pulling out each rogue hair that seemed to fray from their natural position.

“And move your tongue” he asked. She obliged, tensing her legs some more. She could hear him muttering some unintelligible doctors speak to himself beneath his mask. He leaned back and sat down, wiping the torch down with a wipe on his desk.

“Everything looks better but it will still take some time” he admitted, “there is still swelling at the back of your mouth”. Sakura nodded as if she already knew. She could feel it whenever she coughed.

“Keep doing what you’re doing. Drink water. No hard or crispy foods. Okay?”

“Okay”

“A warm compress on or behind your neck before you sleep, yes?”

She nodded once more, keen not to speak.

“Light exercise, hmm? Walk every day. Get outside and let the air get to your lungs. Get used to being up and about again. Of course, where you can” he encouraged.

“And…” he started with audible caution, “is it still affecting… your bladder?” has asked. Sakura could feel her face burn with embarrassment. She looked down. The doctor leaned forwards with wide eyes.

“Sometimes” she admitted, coughing slightly.

“As much as before?” he asked.

“No. I don’t think so. Not really” she lied. He seemed to pick up on this.

“Are you sure, Sakura?”

“No. It still… happens… sometimes. If I cough lots. I can’t… help it” she lowered her brow as tears welled at the bottom of her eyes. They bubbled at her eyelids as her face continued to burn.

“Stress incontinence… is very common” he tried to comfort her, “and it can be treated so it doesn’t happen as usual”

“So it will never stop?” she asked while wiping her eyes.

“It… can. When treated. But this all takes time, Sakura”

She sniffled hard and grunted.

“So how long?” she asked abruptly, forcing her knees together.

“I…”

“How long?!” she asked again but louder. The doctor raised one hand to calm her.

“Sakura. You are allowed to be angry. But please don’t be angry at me”

She took a deep breath and let the tears flow. The doctor found an unopened pack of tissues from the desk in his drawer and placed them on his desk, pushing them towards Sakura.

“Like I said. Keep doing what you’re doing. It’s still early days. This is still new to you. Your body is healing. You’ve been through a lot. Be easy on yourself”

Sakura shook her head. She didn’t dare admit the guilt she felt. That’s what was really on her mind. She knew her throat would heal. But Beth wouldn’t. She scrunched her nose in disdain.

“I would like to see you again in a few weeks. Slightly longer this time. Hopefully this gives you time to do as I’ve suggested, yes? If you are still finding the incontinence to be an issue then I would advise you continue to use protection as I said the last time we met” he raised his eyebrows.

“There are plenty of products available for people in your circumstance. Have you… tried using any incontinence protection?” he asked.

Sakura thought that her lightly tanned skin was turning a bright burgundy. She continued to look at the floor. She couldn’t bare looking him in the eyes. After a few seconds she nodded lightly.

“And it helps?”

She nodded again, wiping tears from her face.

“I suppose” he began, sitting back in his chair, “for you, not being at school right now is working in your favour. I believe this issue will resolve itself by the autumn. A few more weeks maybe”

Sakura sighed to herself. She wanted to bob her knees to quell the growing feeling od desperation but didn’t want to give any sign to the doctor that she needed to pee now. She wanted him to stop talking about it. She felt degraded enough as it was. She had already feared that someone would notice the slight padding beneath her dress. She didn’t dare wear jeans or shorts or anything that would have hugged her legs. She had spent hours trying on all her clothes and stood in front of a mirror seeing which would show the shape of the incontinence pants hugging her crotch and backside. She figured the only things that would work were dresses and skirts. Their loose material helped disguise the pants. All she would ever have to do is keep her legs together.

“I hope so” she whimpered, taking a tissue from the packet and wiping her face dry.

“Please call if things get worse. Book to see me again. I’ll sort the next appointment out and your parents will get a text message. I’ll send a letter too. Are they waiting outside for you?”

“No” she admitted, “I walked here. You said to walk”

“Yes. Good idea. Well, Sakura, thank you for coming. Keep doing what you’re doing. Don’t overdo it. Keep yourself safe, yes?”

“Yes” she agreed, standing up.

“Please” the doctor said, opening the door for her. His cheeks were wide so she assumed he was smiling underneath his mask. She nodded but couldn’t bring herself to smile. The door closed behind her.

Sakura shifted her thighs together while waiting for the lift. The smooth feeling of the discreet diaper was soft against her skin. She was forcing herself into the habit of always swaying slightly or shifting her waist left and right in the hope it would break the shape of her backside. Even through she was alone she kept thinking that everyone would know what she was wearing. She did still need to pee but hadn’t seen any toilet signs om her trip to the ward. The hospital was only a half hour walk from her house so it had never crossed her mind before she left.

She eagerly looked at the walls as she exited the lift, looking for any direction of some toilets. Nothing. She sighed and pouted. The muggy air filled her nose as she walked out of the automatic doors. It had rained slightly while she was inside. There was a distinct smell of freshly damped tarmac. A few people were waiting outside the doors. Each person in their own little space and appropriately distanced. Sakura lowered her head again and walked briskly past the crowd. She hoped no one saw, or even assumed, that she was wearing a diaper.

Every now and then Sakura would stop to soothe her throat. She kept believing that she could keep walking but her mouth would go dry and she’d have to cough. Each cough caused her body to tense. A few times she felt a small dribble escape her but could immediately control it. Each leak made her fearful, but she knew the diaper would hold whatever came out. She never spoke of it much to her parents. They were both overly supportive of the condition she was in after the fire but she hated talking about the incontinence. She also hadn’t dared tell them that she had used one of the diapers to test how much they could hold.

She believed it was necessary. She felt she had to. If she was going through all this and having to wear them she should know how well they work, right? She had only done it the once though in the safety of the bathroom. She had planned it for a few days. She would lock herself in the bathroom and sit on the toilet in the diaper. She would try and let half of the pee out in spurts, as she believed that’s how they would come out if she were trying to hold it, and then the last half all at once. To her astonishment the diaper had held. On this occasion she had planned to fully wet the diaper and then shower. She would roll the diaper up in her towel and hide back in her bedroom, throwing the diaper away inside multiple bags. She had even planned to do all of this the day before the bin collection so there was even less chance of her parents, or even worse her sister, finding out.

Sakura could feel that the gusset of the diaper was warm. She knew that when she was desperate it was harder to hold whenever she coughed. And when she was out walking she would cough more. She had already admitted to herself that she might wet more than she wanted to by the time she got home. Her parents had bought her an embarrassingly large supply of discreet diapers after her first appointment. They had told her to let them know if she needed more. She loved them for it but hated the whole dilemma.

As she neared her home, she could feel the bloat press against her stomach. The occasional dribbles had weakened her hold on her bladder. This was the most desperate she had been in a while. She hated wearing the diapers around the house as it just felt wrong so this meant she still had lots left indoors. The thought quickly passed her mind to ease the pressure and use the diaper for it’s purpose. She was emotional enough as it is and felt like the pain in her stomach was not worth the wait. But then she hesitated. She actually hated using them. Most of the time she would wear them and throw them away either completely dry or only slightly soiled. She had also only properly ‘used’ the diapers at home. She always made sure she had peed before she left the house. Not today though.

Unfortunately for Sakura, there were a few people walking the streets. She assumed each person was going out for their essential shopping. Even the woman walking out of a shop with two bottles of wine she had joked to herself. She moaned slightly as she could feel the pressure building. She didn’t know what to do. It would be more than easy enough to let the floodgates open and wet right there as she walked. She could even stop and pretend to use her phone. She also thought her face would give herself away. Everyone would know, surely? What’s that girl there doing? Peeing her pants? Obviously! She moaned again.

What if it does leak? It might. Everyone would see? Oh no.

Panicked, Sakura stepped out into the small grass clearing next to her. She had just turned into her estate. The grass was still slightly wet so she realised sitting down would be silly. She also couldn’t make any decisions now. People might look out of their windows. She lived nearby. People would recognise her. They would all know she was wetting herself… obviously!

Sakura picked up her pace and struggled towards her house. She was grunting and spluttering into her mask as she awkwardly power walked down the streets. Her throat felt sore and coarse. Her breaths felt dry and weak. She knew she had to stop. Luckily however, she may have gone far enough. She leaned forwards onto the brick wall that lined the entrance to the green area on her estate. The wall sloped towards the ground and was made of mismatched yellow stones. There was a small, bright green tree either side of the entrance to the park which Sakura quickly thought hid her from the view of any of the windows in the surrounding houses. She coughed and spat onto the floor, wiping her mouth with her forearm. Still leaning forwards onto the wall she gave in.

After tensing her crotch a few times in an attempt to let the pee out in spurts, she had lost the battle and let it all come out. The soft fabric of the diaper absorbed the warm pee and she could feel it puff against her vagina. She could feel it flow against her skin and pool at her backside. The padding around the back of the diaper started to fill too. She forced a few coughs. She tried to make it seem she was still legitimately in need of leaning against the wall. Her knees started to wobble as a wave of relief started to fill her body from the bottom up. Her upper body shook and her shoulders fidgeted. Her eyes were closed the whole time. She fought the imagery of the orange fire and sense of hopelessness with the rush of the relief.

She suddenly remembered how she had dampened the black denim of her shorts in the panic of being surrounded by fire and how it had dried from the intense heat. Just like the heat surrounding her ladyhood now. Except this was a wet heat. She let out an accidental moan and instantly scoffed at the sound. She adjusted her legs after realising they were quite far apart. Despite still finishing the pee, Sakura stood up and wiped her mouth again. She forced her thighs together as if to stand up normally.

She glared downwards to see no puddle on the pavement. She was both amazed and relieved. The pee stream had weakened to a light dribble as Sakura tried to walk normally towards her house. She had no idea if she was walking differently but she could feel the expanded diaper between her legs. She tried to innocently pat down her dress, making sure to feel around her backside. It didn’t seem as if the diaper was building too much but she had no way of knowing for sure. She could see her house. She ruffled the dress to try and make it flow naturally and awkwardly hurried to her front door.

Sara was waiting. As Sakura walked inside, her sister jumped out from the living room with an armful of socks folded together.

“Burglar!” she mocked, throwing a pair of socks. Sakura winced and took the socks to her collarbone.

“Burglar!!” Sara shouted louder, throwing yet another pair. Sakura dodged to her left as the socks hit the door.

“Get out!” Sara throwed another pair with more force. Sakura instinctively raised her right knee to try and block but remembered her full diaper. Scared Sara might see it, she lowered her foot and took the socks to her forehead. She wanted to hit the floor and let Sara know she won the fight but didn’t want to give her any reason to see the diaper. She fell to her knees and surrendered.

“You got me” she croaked before shutting her eyes tight. She felt the impact of more socks on her head. She nervously opened one eye. Sara was out of socks. Before she could get off the floor, Sara had ran up to her and threw her arms around her shoulders. Sakura hugged her back.

“Are you getting better?” she asked excitedly.

“I think so” Sakura said even though she was unsure.

“Did you get cobid?” she asked.

“No” Sakura chuckled then grunted.

“Yay!” Sara celebrated.

“I’m going upstairs. Pick up your socks” she told her sister, who did as she was told.

Sakura closed her bedroom door and leaned back onto it. She sighed as she felt safe. She raised her dress to see her bare legs and diaper. She realised they really ere discreet no matter how full it felt. It hugged her crotch and backside with only the smallest sign that it would show underneath some jeans. She figured most of the pee had soaked into the gusset, so the edges weren’t as full. This was also only the third time she had fully wet one. She thought for a while then thought what the hell. She pushed as hard as she could, forcing whatever was left inside of her to come out. Once again, Sakura felt the warm pee press against her vagina as it slowly absorbed into the already soaked padding. The leak lasted only a few seconds before pushing did nothing. She quietly groaned.

Sakura pressed her hand over the front of the diaper. Her fingers gently pressed into the squidgy material. There was a quiet sound of rustling plastic as she rubbed her hand over the material. She knew it was wrong, just like wetting herself without a diaper, but that felt good as well. She knew she wanted a shower. She always did after she went outside recently. The hot, enclosed shower always seemed to help her breath easier for a while. She would need a reason to breath easier soon anyway. Her breathing was becoming wheezy as she had started to moan while she rubbed the front of the diaper. The faint squelch of the saturated padding beneath her fingers was causing her to throb. Stepping away from the door and falling back onto her bed, Sakura continued to pleasure herself. The wet padding slid against her skin as her rubbing became harder.

She could feel the edges of the diaper stretch and pull on the outside of her legs. The padding slapped against the top of her backside. She arched her back and opened her mouth, gasping for air, as her stomach seemed to erupt and her whole crotch fill with thick pins and needles. Another shot of warm liquid pressed against her as she rested her body back onto her bed. She could hardly catch her breath laying on her back. She sat up, groggy, and reached for a half drunk glass of water on her bedside table. She drank it all. Her heart was still racing and her head was sweaty. She couldn’t ignore the heavy pulsating feeling inside the wet diaper. With her throat somewhat soothed, she flopped backwards onto her bed. Her breasts fizzed as she decided to grab and gently rub her nipples over her dress. She slid one hand back down towards the diaper and started moving it about again. How was it possible to hate and love every moment of something?

About twenty minutes had passed since Sakura had awoken from her nap. She squealed and sat up. Fuck. Did anyone come in? Did anyone see? She thought maybe not. The diaper now felt cold and heavy beneath her. Luckily it hadn’t leaked against her bedsheet. She stood up and hurriedly grabbed some pyjamas and her towel, eager to clean herself up. She grabbed her phone and stared at the lock screen, startled.

Lula: “Hope you’re okay. Me and Rosie are meeting up tomorrow. You coming? We all need to talk”

*260*2021-07-15 00:15

A Memorable Meeting (Part 1)

Lula spluttered as she tried to catch her breath. She was struggling to control her heavy, excitable panting. Her heart pounded against her chest. After closing her eyes to regain composure, she leaned right and slowly peered around the wall. She immediately snapped her head back.

She’s there. Oh no. Oh no. Oh… shh…shit. Hehe.

Lula pushed her feet into the ground, ready to pounce, clutching the pistol in her hands as tightly as she could. The bright yellow and blue plastic was slippery beneath against her skin. She could feel the wrinkles in her fingers as she waited. Her dark brown hair was sodden and clung to her face and neck. She could just about dig her bare toes into the mud below.

Rosie let out a bellowing cry. A high pitched shriek with a wobble of her tongue. She jumped into view on Lula’s right hand side. She hadn’t even heard her approach. Rosie pointed both pistols at Lula’s face and repeatedly pulled at the triggers. Lula flinched and gargled as jets of water drenched her already wet face. Small streams trickled down her neck and under her tshirt. She could feel the material of her swimsuit absorb the water.

“Got you!” Rosie shouted, laughing. Lula snorted and wiped her eyes with her forearm.

“Arrrgh!” Lula cried back, lusting for revenge. She pointed her single pistol in front of her and pulled the trigger. By the time she had opened her eyes, Rosie had disappeared. She paused, baffed.

How did she… where did she go?

Lula carefully trod out into the open. Her cover was blown. Rosie had fled. But where to? She was annoyingly light footed. Lula held the pistol with both hands and raised it to her face like she had seen in the movies. She thought she looked cool doing it. She certainly felt it. She sniffled as water droplets fell from her fringe. Lula tactically forced the pistol in front of her as she stepped out around the corner of the wall. The toy pointed exactly where she looked; towards the bushes, at the window, over towards the cars. She clumsily paced across the grass, focusing harder on looking for Rosie than where she was going.

“ABLBLBLBOPBOBLLBLBBOP” she heard again. Rosie’s high pitched shriek. Her tribal war cry.

Behind the cars!

Lula jumped into action, leaping towards the first car sat on the driveway and squatting behind it.

“BLBLBLBLBLBLBLAAA”

Lula smiled. Rosie was close. She must be.

Slowly, Lula placed the palms of her hands on the tarmac. A loose stone pinched at her skin and she quietly swore to herself, scrunching her nose in pain. With her backside in the air, she leaned down and forwards.

She’s on the other side of Mum’s car. She is! She is! She must be!

The underside of her Dad’s car was black and greasy. As Lula moved her head to see beneath both cars she gasped. Rosie was already laying down, facing her, on the ground two cars away. Both of her pistols were pointing towards Lula. She couldn’t react in time. Two long streams of water were shot towards Lula. They had only just reached her but she jumped regardless.

“HAHAHAHA” Rosie shouted out again, getting up and running somewhere new.

Lula hurried to her feet and rubbed her knees. Loose stones had imprinted themselves into her skin. She hopped back onto the grass and fell onto her backside.

She must have ran the other way. She couldn’t come this way. I would see her. She’s gone to the back garden. She must have.

Lula parted the bush between herself and the driveway. Quiet. She sighed in suspicion before getting back to her feet and creeping around the front of the cars, stopping at the bonnet of her Mum’s car. She pointed her pistol around to where Rosie had been laying before looking. She wouldn’t be caught out again.

1... 2… 3!

Lula stood up and ran past her Mum’s car. Maybe speed was the key. Rosie was fast. That’s how she kept getting her. It must be the reason why. Lula bomb burst past the gate to the back garden and onto the tiled patio. The smell of the barbeque filled her nose again. The light drone and chuckle of people speaking brought her back to reality. For a while she had thought it was only her and Rosie fighting to the death. She stood astounded, feet wide apart and both hands still firmly attached to the pistol. She glared around the garden but there was no sign of Rosie. Her expression dropped.

Where did she go? There’s nowhere else… How…?

Lula fell forwards as a ball of water exploded against her back. The single splash sound seemed to echo within her. The back of her tshirt and swimsuit became saturated. Whatever water hadn’t clung to her fell into the grass around her feet. Lula turned. Rosie was stood next to her. She had hidden behind the gate. How had she not seen her? Rosie had the smuggest smile on her face.

“Bitch” Lula said under her breath, smiling. Rosie gave an angled nod of approval and sprinted past her to the other end of the garden where she had kept a pile of water balloons. She threw her pistols to the floor and picked up two balloons. One blue and one red. They seemed heavy in her hands, sagging around her palms. Lula just stood there as her clothes dripped.

Lula knew how this played out. She remembered. She would run at Rosie. Rosie would throw both balloons. One would hit and one would miss, hitting the fence to Lula’s left. The wated that hit the fence would bounce off and rain over them both. Rosie would pick up one of her pistols and make another sprint back towards the gate and to the front of the house. Lula would pick up one of the prepared balloons and Rosie’s extra pistol then give chase.

Lula faked movement as she went to run then stopped, hoping to make Rosie panic. It didn’t work. She gave up. Lula ran straight for Rosie. Rosie then decided to react, clumsily throwing both the balloons in Lula’s direction. One burst at Lula’s feet and the other against the fence on her right. The water exploded off the fence and came back at them both. Rosie knew she had to get up so picked up the pistol closest to her, slipped, regained herself, then ran towards the centre of the garden before turning back to the gate. Lula skidded as Rosie set off, shooting wildly behind her, missing, as she sprinted. As Rosie escaped, Lula bent over to pick up a water balloon and saw Rosie’s second pistol. She grabbed both, carrying both pistols in her right hand and forefinger over both triggers. The water balloon weighed down in her left hand. A grenade she thought. She had the upper hand. She smiled.

Lula halted on the other side of the gate, back outside the front of the house. A confident look spread across her face.

“Give it up!” Rosie’s voice came from the other side of the cars, back where she had hidden only a few minutes ago.

“No, you should!” Lula replied.

Rosie appeared around the corner where she found Lula just before. Somehow Rosie seemed to know exactly where Lula was stood. Her single pistol pointed straight at her. Lula snapped her gaze to the left and threw the balloon. Rosie disappeared back behind the wall as the balloon flew past her, bouncing then bursting in the grass. Rosie reappeared and point ed the pistol at Lula.

“I have you!”

“I have you!” Lula shouted back, pointing both pistols at Rosie. Neither of them shot.

“Well?” Lula asked, knowing she had more to shoot if Rosie started.

“Time out!” Rosie replied.

What?

“What do you mean?”

“Time out!” Rosie replied again.

“Wwwhyyy?” Lula asked, suspicious. She remembered what happened next too. Although, strange she remembered this now. She hardly ever remembered this whole event. Why now?

Rosie disappeared back behind the wall. Lula made her way over slowly, still pointing both pistols at the bricks in case she showed her face.

“Rosie?” Lula asked. What’s she doing? She’s going to jump out…?

Lula approached the corner and peered around. Rosie was squatting in the grass, her pistol resting on her knee in her right hand.

“What are you doing?” Lula asked.

“Needed to pee” Rosie laughed, looking up at Lula.

Lula looked down. She heard it before she saw it. Rosie was peeing in her shorts. Through her swimsuit!

“What are you doing!?” Lula asked again amused. They both giggled.

Rosie shrugged.

“Needed to pee” she replied nonchalantly.

“In your shorts?” Lula asked.

“I’m already wet. Who will know?” Rosie said shrugging. Lula was baffled.

Rosie bounced as she squatted, letting the last few drops fall from the material of her shorts. She stood up then began to squirt the water pistol on herself.

“No one will know!”

Her black cycling shorts shone white as she shot herself with water. The black lycra absorbed everything that was shot at them. Lula was still speechless.

“But why” she asked.

“Why not?” Rosie replied, “Who will know?”

“Me?” Lula replied, confused.

“It’s okay” Rosie laughed, “this is the second time I’ve done it!”

Second!?

“What? When did you do it before?”

“Oh just after we started”

“Why?” Lula asked again.

“It’s easier” Rosie replied, still chuckling to herself, “and I’m already wet. Try it!” she offered as she quickly pointed her pistol at Lula’s crotch and shot a few squirts. Lula took a step back.

“What, no?” she replied somewhat disgusted.

“Chicken. It’s okay” Rosie pushed even more. Lula frowned. She did need to pee but had been holding it until she went indoors. The idea of wetting herself hadn’t even crossed her mind. Why would she? Why would Rosie? Just why?

“Just find somewhere, pee, then squirt yourself with water. No one will ever know!” Rosie still encouraged her. Lula hesitated. Rosie was making sense. What she said was true. No one would know. But why would she? Because she could? Was that a good enough reason? Maybe.

“I haven’t wet myself for years” Lula exclaimed. Rosie just smiled.

“On accident” Rosie replied.

“What? At all!”

“Well this wasn’t an accident. This was just… convenient” Rosie giggled, “don’t you need to go?” she asked.

Lula blushed.

“Sort of” she admitted.

“Just go then” Rosie almost demanded. Lula frowned again. Her brow started to ache from frowning. Now she thought about it, she probably could pee if she wanted to. The excitement of the water fight had stopped her thinking about it. But now they were stood still and talking about it she realised the feeling was there. The bloat. The pressure.

“I don’t know…” Lula replied awkwardly.

“Just sit” Rosie offered, “come on” she finished, sitting in the grass first.

“Can you even tell I did it?” Rosie asked, opening her legs. The black lycra stretched with her legs. They were wet sure but you’d never tell from pee. They were shooting each other with water so of course she would be wet. Lula was wet as well though.

“Swimsuits are made to get wet anyway” Rosie continued.

“Okay just… it’s weird” Lula admitted.

“Yeah whatever. Sit” Rosie ordered. Lula sat, dropping the water pistols either side of her.

Lula sat cross legged on the grass, looking at Rosie who was sat forwards leaning on her knees.

“You’re already wet”

“I know I know. Just. Shht” Lula snapped. This was all weird. It felt wrong. She could feel the pee there but couldn’t find it in herself to let it go. She looked back up at Rosie who had her eyebrows raised. The crotch of her shorts were wide.

You really can’t tell she did it. Screw it.

Lula shuffled in the grass then looked down. At first nothing happened but then a shot of warm pee hit against the inside of her swimsuit. She felt it damped and spread over her vagina before seeping down towards her backside. It began to pool in the seat of her shorts. A faint hiss could be heard. She whimpered and shuffled again. What was she doing? The warmth spread around her but so did the relief. The feeling seemed to fill her as the pee escaped her. The pee made her swimsuit and shorts feel heavy but she felt more and more lighter as she relieved herself. Her cotton, jogging bottom style shorts sagged as she sat up, half squatting. Pee fell from the shorts and down her legs. She awkwardly pulled the waistband of the shorts and saw the pee glisten against her swimsuit down below. The midnight blue colour of the swimsuit appeared black around her crotch. She could feel it soak into the material. And around her back? What? How?

Everything started to feel wet. At first her backside and waist but now her lower back. And then her sides. And now her upper back and shoulder blades. What is this? Why…

Lula snapped her eyes open and sat up. She had pretty much finished. The last few trickles of pee were already making their way out of her as she realised what had happened… again.

Fuck. Fuckfuckfuckfuck.

Lula had refused to wear the diaper again. She hated the fact her parents wanted her to. She hated how the one time she had worn one before it was because she wanted to but now she was expected to she didn’t want to. The enjoyment factor had gone. She hated them. They embarrassed her. Her parents embarrassed her about them. They didn’t mean to but they did. She closed her eyes and sighed, trying to hold back tears.

Lula switched on the lamp on her bedside table. She squinted as the amber light filled her side of the room. She threw the duvet to the far side of the bed and inspected the damage. There was no hiding it. Certainly no denying it. Her bed was soaked. She was soaked. Her light grey leggings were a few shades darker. The wet patch grew out from her crotch and between her thighs. Her baby blue bedsheet had gone slightly see through where the pee had spread. The bumps in the material of her waterproof mattress cover poked through the wetness. The protector had worked, obviously, but she hated that she would have to wash it again. Her parents would know. Again. They would tell her to wear the diapers overnight. Again. She sighed angrily then checked her phone. Some light was starting to bleed around her curtains. It had just gone 4am.

Lula fell back onto her bed and stared at the ceiling.

Uggghhhh. Do I just pretend I was asleep? Or sort this now? They’ll wake up if I start moving around now. Fuck that. I won’t hear the end of it. Can I hide it all until later? I can wash it when they’re at work? I could…

Lula couldn’t decide what to do. She couldn’t bare thinking of telling her parents that she had wet the bed yet again. Not since the pack of mostly unused diapers still sat in her wardrobe; purchased by her parents at the advise of the doctors. She shook her head again. She had made up her mind. She… would… wait it out. She’d done it before at Rosie’s house, on the airbed, so she could do it again now. This would be the first time she’d done it this week and not told her parents through. She was confident she could get away with it. If she stayed in bed until both her Mum and Dad had gone to work then she could get up and wash everything.

It just all seemed worse doing this at home though. That time at Rosie’s, she wasn’t in her own bed and Rosie seemed to have it all planned out. Her though, right now, she would be hiding the wetting from her parents. She would be denying them the truth of how bad she was suffering with it. She had hardly used any of the diapers not only to not feel the embarrassment of regressing into them and her parents knowing it, but to prove to herself she could control this. The was only one problem. She could not control it. Not yet.

Lula pulled the duvet back over her legs and up to her chest. She winced at the thought of the duvet cover dampening against the sheet. That couldn’t be helped. Lula switched the lamp back off. Her only option now was to try and get back to sleep. Surely she wouldn’t dream again in the next few hours? If she could get to sleep that was.

~

Lula awoke to her curtains wide open. They moved gently in the breeze flowing through the open window. She shivered. She was still laying on her back. Luckily, she hadn’t moved. As she lifted her back and backside off the bed she could feel the cold, damp material cling to her skin. Her phone read 10:30. Both her parents would be at work. It was time to get up. But… first…

The opportunistic though raced through her mind. As much as she hated her situation at the moment, being able to wet more frequently on purpose was something Lula was taking advantage of. She tensed and then relaxed. A fresh, short wave of pee escaped from her and resoaked her leggings and bedsheet. She felt it pool at her backside and legs as it spread out beneath her again. It didn’t last long but she felt the heat against her vagina. She began to throb. She moaned. She knew she was meeting Rosie and Sakura today but she still had time. She slid her arms under the duvet and pulled at the material of her leggings.

They made a faint slap sound as she let them form back to her legs. She began to masturbate over the wet material. She could feel her fingers rub between her lips until she found the right spot. She let out an uncontrollable gasp. The end result didn’t take long. Beads of sweat rolled down her forehead. Her thighs felt numb and her waist fizzed. She gave one final push and felt the last of the pee press against the hand she had cupped over her crotch. It took her about five minutes to regain composure.

Right… oh. Ohhhhh. Right. Phew. Shower. Change. Wash stuff. Meet girls. PHEW. Phewww. She was breathing heavily. The excitement began to fade though. The girls. They had a lot to discuss. A lot to talk about. This would be the first time they all met up since the fire; and Rosie had changed. She wasn’t herself. No longer the bubbly and confident spirit she always had been. Certainly not the playful Rosie from her dream.

Damn… that was years ago. What were we? Ten? Eleven? Did it even happen like that? I remember the water fight. But did we both…? We must have? I think…? We did?

The memories came flooding back. Lula was sure that day happened exactly as she had dreamt it. But why had she suddenly remembered it? Had Rosie been trying to condition her into wetting since an earl age? Had Rosie been doing it from an early age? How had she not remembered that time before? Why had she only remembered it now? Hmmmmm.

Lula flipped onto her front, soaking her tshirt against the bedsheet. She had clenched her first, exposing her thumb. She was riding it slowly over the wetness. She moaned again. She’d get ready soon but first…

*264*2021-08-07 23:18

A Memorable Meeting (Part 2)

“It’s. Fine!” snapped Rosie, pausing between the two words.

“Rosie…”

“NO!” she yelled back, breathing heavily through her nose. Tears had started to well up in her eyes.

“And don’t… just… NO! I’m going!” she yelled, not letting her Mum respond. She hopped around on her left foot, pushing the crutch in her right hand into the floor, and awkwardly shuffled away. Two tears dribbled down her cheeks. She loudly groaned as her crutch banged against the doorway out of the kitchen.

“Rosie…” her Mum called with exhaustion in her voice. She was still leaning against the kitchen counter, rubbing her face. She didn’t call out again but glared at the floor in worry as she heard Rosie slump up each stair. One at a time. Molly knew that Rosie was in pain but she was running out of ways to help. Rosie had become isolated and argumentative. She got angry over small things and would shout and scream. She would take everything out on her parents. They were the only people around her so there was nowhere else for it all to go. Molly sighed and her face dropped as she cried into her hands.

“Fuckin… fuckin… grgrgr… ughhh… fuckin” Rosie grumbled as she final struggled over the top stair. She paused to catch her breath, leaning heavily on the crutch. She grunted and made her way into her bedroom, pushing the door shut. She didn’t have the energy to slam it.

Her bedroom was starting to smell. Piles of clothes littered the floor and a few plates had started to pile up. Rosie scrunched her face to the tears stopped trickling into her mouth. She wiped her face with her spare hand and bounced as she sat onto her bed, letting the crutch rest against the mattress. Rosie winced as she cried into her hands. She started to dig her nails into her brow and driver her knees together. She exhaled sharply and punched the mattress before laying on her back. She closed her eyes again and let herself cry. The heavy breathing was causing her ribs to ache. Her chest rose and fell quickly as she sobbed.

Rosie didn’t know why she was getting angry. Trying to push out the memories was hard. Trying to imagine if things had gone differently was almost impossible. Trying not to blame herself for not going to find Beth was soul destroying. She blamed herself every day. She knew her flame had ran out. She felt empty and unmotivated. All the time she was awake all she could do was think about Beth and feel guilty. When asleep, she was in the cave again. Hungry. Alone. Wet. Dirty. Scared. Probably dying. She was finding it impossible to relax or have fun. She hardly messaged Lula anymore. Although, seeing her out of the hospital was the best moment since it all happened. She closed her eyes tighter as she remembered that day; seeing Lula hobble out of the hospital doors and walk into the sunlight; finally seeing her best friend after all that time. But Sakura… She felt conflicted.

She caused the fire. It’s… her… fault? But I didn’t help… It’s my fault. Lottie made her throw the bottle… It’s her fault. We didn’t get there sooner… it’s our fault. Lula was late… it’s her fault. I never stood up for her quick enough… it’s my fault. I ran away. It’s my fault. I didn’t help. It’s my fault. I… fuckin fuckin fucking didn’t….

Rosie began to huff and punch at her thighs as she swore out loud, blaming herself. Her eyelids felt heavy. She’d cried all she could cry. She sighed and let her face drop into her hands. Snot leaked into her palms. Her thighs now ached. Oh well. Fuck it. Fuck me.

~

Lula stared at herself in the mirror. She was unconvinced. She knew it was there. Surely everyone else would too? Underneath her jeans and leggings and compression shorts and underwear, was a diaper. She’d done everything she could to hide it. Her legs were warm but she felt it was worth it. She ran her hands over her crotch and backside once more, feeling for the edges of the padding. Her fingers rose ever so slightly as they felt the denim over the edge of the diaper. She winced and bit her bottom lip. She had no choice. This was her best option. She sighed and slumped.

“Don’t forget your mask” her Mum said, walking from the kitchen, as Lula reached the bottom of the stairs.

“Got it” she replied, tapping the pocket on her right. Her Mum looked down and gestured with her head.

“Do you…” she began to ask.

“Mmmmum. Yes” Lula replied awkwardly. She felt her cheeks get hot as her chest flustered.

“Okay… I couldn’t tell”

“Really?”

“Really. I can’t tell. You’re okay”

Lula smiled.

“Thank you” she said, leaning into her Mum’s side as an arm pulled her closer.

“Be careful”

Lula nodded against her Mum’s chest, pulling at the sleeves on her hoody.

~

Sakura was already there. She was sat staring at the slab floor of the bandstand. Her legs were crossed and bent underneath the bench. She’s not wearing her flower…

“Hey” Lula said softly, pulling herself up the couple of steps with a hand on one of the wooden beams. Sakura seemed to flinch before looking up.

“Hey” she replied quietly. Her knee length, midnight blue skirt creased between her hands She was also wearing a slightly decorative but mainly black t shirt. Her hair was brushed back and fell behind her shoulders.

“You okay?” Lula asked, sitting a few meters away. Despite the layers, she could feel the press of the diaper against her backside. She winced and took a moment to compose herself.

“Yeah” Sakura seemed to lie, nodding slightly. Lula mumbled in response.

“Is Rosie coming?” Sakura asked after a few minutes of silence. A cool breeze brushed through the bandstand every now and then.

“Should be” Lula replied, looking into the direction of the wind from the open field.

“Why?” she asked. Sakura shrugged.

“She has not spoken to me”

“She’s not said much to me either” Lula admitted, still not breaking gaze.

“Oh. You always speak though?”

“Yeah. We do. But what she went through… I’m worried about her”

“Mmm” Sakura replied.

“I’m… worried about you too” Lula admitted, finally looking back at Sakura. She raised her head and looked back.

“Why?”

“Because you’re not… you. We all feel like shit”

Sakura coughed into her hands.

“That from the…” Lula began to ask.

Sakura nodded as she continued to splutter before wiping her hands on her skirt.

“It’s not cov…”

“I know. I know” Lula cut in.

The pair went silent again.

“It was my fault. Wasn’t it?” Sakura eventually spoke up again. Lula was stunned.

“What? No…” Lula replied cautiously. To an extent… yes. Lula had believed this. She had thought about it herself. Sakura started the fire. She didn’t mean to. But she did. She had. It wasn’t her fault. How was she to know. She was angry. She was defending herself. She was dealing with Lottie. She was confused. She was stupid… We all played a part.

Sakura’s gaunt face remained expressionless as she continued to burn a hole into the concrete with her stare.

“Hey” Lula tried to sound comforting as she got up and sat next to Sakura.

“We can’t…”

“Fuck the rules” Lula said, putting an arm around Sakura.

“She… Beth was your friend” she began to sob. Lula nodded against Sakura’s head.

“Yeah… she was… she is” her eyes began to fill up too.

*tap tap tap*

Both the girls looked up. Rosie was leant against the edge of the bandstand. She looked uncomfortable. She was breathing heavily. Lula leapt from the bench and helped her up the steps. Sakura wiped her eyes. She didn’t dare look at Rosie. The three girls sat apart from each other. It was quiet. Rosie was trying to catch her breath as she let the crutch slip to the floor. She leaned back and groaned, supporting her chest.

“So?” Rosie eventually said out loud.

“You okay?” Lula asked. Rosie raised her eyebrows as she squeezed her belly.

“Doing great. Bad leg. Bad chest. Headaches. Dry mouth. The usual” she replied sarcastically but without the usual charm. Lula was concerned.

“Rosie…”

“What? What can you do?”

“I… what… can I do?”

“Nothing. Sorry. Just nothing” Rosie scoffed, rubbing her forehead, “everything hurts. But I don’t feel it. You know? I don’t feel it” she gestured towards her legs.

“Don’t feel what?” Lula asked. Rosie sighed. She shifted right and confidently pulled the waistband of her leggings down enough to show the bruises over her thighs. She was unashamed of her black underwear. Her thighs were covered in green, blue, and yellow bruises. Lula raised her hands to her mouth.

“Rosie… what are… why…”

Rosie closed her eyes and shook her head.

“I don’t need…”

Before she could finish her sentence, Lula had gotten up again and this time sat next to Rosie. The padding pressed against her once more. She slipped her arm through Rosie’s and leant into her. Rosie accepted the support and held Lula’s hand, interlocking her fingers and squeezing.

“Anything to say?” Rosie asked abruptly, looking over to Sakura. Lula didn’t look up. The tension cut through air. Sakura peered up from her knees and towards her friends. She thought they were still her friends. Lula was being nice. Maybe she was pretending to be nice? Maybe she didn’t want to take sides? But Rosie…

“Well?” Rosie’s voice broke as she spoke. Her lip wobbled and her eyes started to well up.

“Rosie…” Lula said gently, nudging with her elbow.

“No…N…No!” Rosie snapped, trying to stand up. Lula wasn’t expecting her to move.

“You can’t just come along and… and… fuck everything up” Rosie struggled to force herself to her feet.

“I…” Sakura was immediately cut off.

“You!” Rosie shouted. She pushed Lula back.

“You… killed… her. You nearly killed me” Rosie’s hand shook uncontrollably as she pointed towards Sakura. Sakura had wiped her eyes and was standing up. Her fingers were shifting against one another as she decided whether to make fists.

“Rosie…” Lula said worried.

“No, Lula. No. We went to stick up for her and she fucked it all up. Can’t control her fucking temper and now Beth… Beth is… I could have… And you were in hospital” Rosie had turned to face Lula. She hadn’t even noticed yet but Rosie had heavy black bags sagging under her bloodshot eyes. Her hair was dry and frayed. Her face was stained with grazes from popped spots. Her nails had been bitten as far back as they could go.

“And you. You only went because you were trying to get off with her ex” Rosie struggled to turn back to Sakura.

“What…?” Lula whimpered.

“What? I… No? He… Tom? He invited…”

“Don’t give me that shit. I see. Right. Through. You” Rosie jabbed her finger forwards with each separate word before pulling her hand back on the last.

Lula felt a heavy weight choke her. Her chest sunk. She felt a numbness spread from inside her. She pushed herself from the bench.

“You… were with Tom?”

“You know she fucking was” Rosie snapped.

“I didn’t know. He texted me. He messaged me and wanted to meet up and then asked me to go to the party then the other girl…”

Lula believed her. She didn’t think for a second that Sakura was conspire against either of them. But this was still news to her. She still felt betrayed.

Rosie hobbled across the bandstand towards Sakura.

“I don’t know what you…”

Rosie’s eyes were aflame. Sakura stepped back as Rosie came towards her.

“Don’t…” Sakura warned.

Rosie let out a yelp as she tried throwing a punch toward Sakura. Sakura immediately grabbed Rosie’s limp fist and pushed her away. Groggy and unbalanced, Rosie fell backwards onto the hard floor. Lula gasped as Rosie hit the ground with a thump.

“Stop! Please. Stop!” Lula cried out, leaping between her two friends. She croaked and spluttered as tears ran down her cheeks.

“Just stop!” she yelled again. Lula fell to her knees and grabbed one of Rosie’s ankles with her left hand. In her right was a piece of scrunched up newspaper.

“Just stop” she whimpered again. She felt Sakura’s hand and forehead on her right shoulder. Rosie shuffled on her backside and leaned in towards Lula. She nestled in Lula’s arm and rested on her left thigh. The three girls sobbed together.

“Please don’t fight” Lula whimpered again. Despite the tears, her throat was feeling dry again. She kept puckering her lips to let each bead of salty water wet her mouth.

“I’m fucking angry” Rosie muttered.

“I’m sorry” Sakura admitted.

“Stop” Lula pleaded. She raised her head and sniffed hard.

“She’s gone. It’s all our faults. Please don’t fight” Lula croaked.

They didn’t speak again for a while. Their crying had died down to sniffles.

“Nice nappy” Rosie said quietly. Lula flinched.

How the fuck…?

Rosie felt Lula shift. She raised an eyebrow in confusion. Sakura awkwardly pushed her skirt between her legs. Lula looked down to Sakura.

“What…?” Lula started to ask.

Rosie smirked.

“Both of you?!” she asked surprised.

“Am I the only one here not wearing…” Rosie chuckled to herself. She leaned back, letting go of Lula. Sakura’s cheeks were a crimson red.

“I… the fire… I…” Sakura started her excuse as she shifted uncomfortably on the floor.

“Me too…” Lula admitted, comforting her.

Lula flinched again and almost jumped up as she felt the waistband of her jeans snap back towards her.

“Layers. Nice” Rosie admitted. Lula lowered her eyebrows in anger.

Sakura let out a giggle. Lula snapped her gaze right then giggled too. She sighed and shook her head.

“Where’s yours then?” Lula plucked the courage to ask Rosie.

Rosie just shook her head and pouted.

“Need to let it all breath, you know” she waved her hand around her crotch comically. Lula giggled again.

“That bad?”

“Mmhmm” Rosie sounded under her breath.

Lula reached out and grabbed behind both Rosie and Sakura’s heads and pulled them in. Their foreheads touched together as Lula embraced them both. The scrap of newspaper was still scrunched in her right hand.

“I love you both. We can’t fight. We can’t… give up hope” she started to tear up again.

“When I was… in the hospital. Dottie… the lady next to me… she… oh she was lovely. Rosie… the cave… her daughter… they found her… look” Lula began to unfold the scrap in her hand, showing the article about Frances and Dottie’s handwritten quote at the bottom. Rosie pulled the paper from Lula’s hand and skimmed the text. Lula let go of the girls and forced herself to her feet. Her legs felt heavy with pins and needles. She tried to sniff away the tears.

Rosie handed Sakura the scrap of paper when she finished reading. She looked around without focussing on anything. She couldn’t bring herself to look at the picture with the article. The rough walls of the cave. The opening in the wall above where she had sat. The jagged stones across the floor. She took a few deep breaths before stretching out on the floor to reach her crutch. She looked up at Lula who was staring out of the bandstand. Her arms were folded and her chests shook as she cried. Rosie sighed as the adrenaline from earlier faded away. She picked up the crutch and hit it against Sakura’s knee. Sakura looked up quickly.

“I’m sorry” Rosie admitted, tilting her head. Sakura’s expression relaxed as she nodded in agreement. The girls edged towards each other.

“I’m sorry” she said again, leaning against Sakura. She closed her eyes and gently shook her head.

“I’m sorry too” Sakura whimpered as she held the scrap in her hands.

“Where’s Lula?” Rosie asked, realising she had disappeared.

“I don’t know” Sakura replied, helping Rosie to her feet. They both looked around from the centre of the bandstand.

“There” Sakura pointed out towards the closest treeline.

“What’s that way? Who are they?” she asked. Rosie hobbled over.

“The cemetery…” Rosie said slowly.

The hearse made it’s way calmly into the cemetery. The black metal glistened beneath the sun. Lula, astounded, was pacing across the field towards the short wooden fence that lined against the edge of the road. Resting against the dark wooden coffin, and surrounded by wreaths of plump, multi coloured flowers, was a framed photo of Dottie. Lula cried out loud as she got closer to the car. Her face was shrivelled and tight and wet from tears. She stopped at the wooden fence and walked alongside the hearse.

Rosie and Sakura were calling form behind her but she couldn’t hear them. Her peripheral vision was blurred. Her vision was fixated on the picture inside the car. There was a procession of three cars following the hearse. Lula didn’t notice the elderly man sat in the passenger seat of the first car. His black suit was immaculate and what remained of his hair was brushed over his head. He was scrunching his mouth and rolling his moustache on his upper lip. He noticed the girl walking beside the car. Who was she?

Lula felt Sakura’s grip on her shoulders. The procession had parked up and about ten people were exiting the vehicles. Lula ignored Sakura and stepped over the wooden fence, innocently walking down the road into the cemetery. The grass around her was freshly cut and the tiny pieces of loose gravel shifted underneath shoes. Lula noticed the man close the door of the first car. He was short and slightly plump. He adjusted his collar and wiped his jacket as she stood up properly. He turned to face Lula.

“Can I help you?” he called over, “This is a funeral, my dear, you can’t just…”

“Dottie” Lula whimpered, walking towards him.

“How do you know…”

“She was in the bed next to me… in the hospital”

“…my wife” Benedict finished. He smirked. His eyes rested peacefully towards Lula. She noticed his moustache rise at the tips where he smiled.

“Lula” he said softly. She nodded. He raised a hand between them both with his palm facing up.

“May I?” he asked. She nodded again, taking his hand. He pulled her close and hugged her tight. Lula felt a frail hand rest and curl up against her upper back.

“No, no, sorry. I’m getting your suit messy” she pulled away and wiped her eyes.

“Don’t worry, dear. My Dottie wrote to me a lot. She mentioned you” he said, lowering his head and looking at Lula through the tops of his eyes.

“She told me about the kind girl in the bed next to her. The girl who was worried about her friend. The girl who reminded her of…”

“Frances” Lula cut in, “I’m so sorry”

Benedict shook his head and let his hands rest on Lula’s shoulders.

“Don’t…”

“Lose hope?” she finished again, smirking and wiping her eyes.

“I didn’t” she chuckled beneath her tears. Lula turned around to see Rosie finally making her way over the fence and sitting on it as she tried to catch her breath. Sakura was stood there too, one foot in front of the other, fumbling with her hands at her front.

“Wait. Wait!” Lula stuttered, grabbing Benedict’s hands and running back to the girls. Sakura held out the scrap of paper as Lula took it, rubbing her thumb over her hand.

“Here. Dottie gave me this. Take it, please” Lula unfolded the scrap and held it out to Benedict. He pulled his head back a bit and held the paper in front of him as he read. He gently rubbed his fingers over the handwriting at the bottom of the page as he read the article. This was the first time Lula saw a tear fall from his eye.

“Benny!” a voice called from towards the cemetery building. Benedict turned and gestured with his hand as he nodded. He took Lula’s hands, placed the paper in her palms, then closed her hands with his own. He shook his head.

“Keep it, please” he said. Lula felt his hands shake on top of her own. They both smiled.

“I have to go inside. I would invite you but I’m not allowed anyone else in”

“No… no, it’s okay. Please. Sorry. I’ve kept you…”

“Don’t you dare apologise, dear. I never thought I would meet you. But you kept my Dottie happy in her last few days. This was never going to be a great day. But I can assure you you’ve made it brighter” Benny pushed Lula’s hands into her chest and let go.

Benny bowed ever so slightly as he stepped away from Lula, readjusted his collar, took a deep sigh, turned, and walked towards the cemetery building. The stones cracked and shifted beneath his polished shoes. Lula held the scrap tightly to her chest. She could hear the crutch tapping against the ground and she felt the presence of Rosie and Sakura come up either side of her. The three girls watched, and cried, but admired, as the coffin was lifted from the hearse and carried into the wide arch doors. Benny walked directly behind the coffin. He stood upright and from a distance appeared confident and strong. The only giveaway was when he pulled the white hankie from his pocket to wipe his face as he disappeared behind the doors.

$$

