Fictional Omo (brother and sister)

Author: heimdal

*000*2020-04-14 18:13

This stupid door, Corrine thought to herself as she jiggled the handle to no avail. She and her 14 year old brother James were staying over at their grandparents house in the middle of who-knows-where New Hampshire in a house that quite possibly predated the US. It was a beautiful house, in a scenic 4 acre plot of a beautiful state, but the damn…bedroom…door…always…JAMMED Corrine thought furiously, finally giving up and settling on her bed as her brother watched.

Why they were even sharing a room at 17 and 14, and why this particular room, was beyond her, but this had been their routine for visiting their grandparents their whole lives, so she supposed it was tradition. Earlier in the evening she and her brother had devoured copious amounts of hot chocolate, and her grandparents had even let her have a bit of wine as they discussed her upcoming move to college. Yes, everything had been fantastic, so fantastic that she completely forgot about this room’s tendency to trap its occupants. Neither she nor her brother had used the restroom before settling in for the night, and she was cursing her stupidity.

“You have to go?” Her brother snapped her out of her brooding

She sighed, no point keeping it from him,”ya, pretty bad.”

“me too, wanna just bust the door open?”

They and their older brother had discovered some years ago that the jammed door could, in fact, be opened with liberal application of force. The issue was the loud banging nose that created, which would wake the dogs, which would wake their grandparents, and their grandparents did NOT appreciate being woken once they were asleep.

“They said they were taking me shopping for new dresses tomorrow, I don’t want to piss them off”

“whatever, I guess we just hold it then.”

Her brother turned over in his sleeping bag (she got the bed) and she slipped into an uneasy sleep. Eventually she was woke with a jolt, her bladder screaming for release. She checked her phone and saw that it was 2:30am. Shit she thought, there’s no way I can hold it until 7 or 8. She realized that she was just going to have to break the door open and suffer the consequence (but man I wanted that shopping spree) she hopped out of bed and was surprised to hear her brother ask her what she was doing

“Gonna just bust the door open, I have to go pretty bad”

“Me too, but aren’t you afraid of pissing them off?”

“Ya, but I’ll just have to live with my disappointment” Corrine remarked sarcastically

“There might be another way” James muttered

“hmmmm?” Corrine was examining the door and not paying too much attention

“Well, once Jeff (their older brother) and I were up here during the summer, Jeff snuck a couple beers and had to piss real bad, but didn’t want grandpa to know he’d been drinking. So he decided to pee in the closet, on the carpet, and just blame the dogs, the stain is still there.”

“ewwwww, you mean that stain is from Jeff? That’s disgusting” Corrine shuddered

“I bet if we went on the same spot, they would never even know, it’s not like they ever check the closet, and if they do find it’s wet we’ll blame the dogs again, it’s not like they would think that we peed there” James said hopefully. The 14 year old would never tell his sister this, but the boxers under his sweatpants were already damp, and it wasn’t from sweat, he needed to go soon.

“no way, no way no way no way am I peeing on the carpet” Corrine exclaimed

“suit yourself” James replied as he got out of his sleeping bag and walked gingerly to the walk-in closet, trying not to hold himself and potty dance in front of his big sister. He found the stained corner, unzipped and…Corrine could hear an audible sigh of relief followed by the unmistakable sound of a stream of liquid hitting the carpet. The sound made her own needs 10x worse, and she was now very seriously in danger of peeing her PJs. Even worse, she knew she couldn’t knock open the door now without the dogs investigating the spot where James was pissing, and she didn’t want to get him in trouble.

“So much better” James sighed as he climbed back into his sleeping bag. He wouldn’t say it, but there had been something exciting, something naughty and primal, about pissing on the floor. He felt a pang of sympathy for Corrine, though, as he watched her silhouette potty-dancing pitifully near the door. He decided to pretend to fall asleep quickly, so she wouldn’t feel as embarrassed.

Within a few minutes Corrine heard her brother breathing deeply and rhythmically, I swear the kid could fall asleep in the middle of a gunfight she thought to herself as she grabbed herself to prevent a leak.

“James?” She whispered cautiously, and heard no response. Well, she thought, I guess if he’s asleep nobody would ever know. She was humiliated that at 17 she couldn’t hold it long enough to reach a bathroom, but then again peeing in her pants would be a whole lot worse. As quietly as she could she crept toward the closet, not really believing what she was about to do. She hit a damp spot and had to stifle a small shriek of grossness. Mustering her courage, and thanking God her brother had fallen asleep so quickly, she took of her PJs, but stopped short of removing her panties.

What if her brother woke up and saw her, it’s not like this giant closet has a door, and there’s a direct line of sight. Besides, her panties were already pretty thoroughly wet, so she supposed she could just stick them in her suitcase and wash them later, it wouldn’t be too hard to hide. Not wanting to sit in the damp patch James had made, she spread her legs out wide and squatted down. At first her body didn’t want to let go (despite how badly she had to pee) but after a few seconds she felt that unmistakable sensation of urine bubbling up, followed by a torrent of piss which went through her panties and splattered loudly onto the carpet. She flinched, certain that James would hear and wake up, but he was still silent and unmoving.

Jake was careful to keep his breath rhythmic so that his sister didn’t know he was awake. This is one secret that he would keep quiet; once when he was nine he had wet the bed, and Corrine had helped him hide it. He smiled to himself, knowing that he had returned the favor as best he could, and drifted off to sleep.

