A Serious Fanfic, Part Two (Making a Scene)

Author: Feelitflow

*000*2020-04-23 23:26

(I'm sorry this took so long. I've been busy with my other social medias with uses other than arousal and never got around to it. But, it's here now. Hope it's worth the wait.)

Today wasn't a regular day for our protagonists. Mr. Genrick "offered" the three a role in a play. (A.K.A forced into the play against their will.) As such, the three had no time to waste getting to the theatre. Eva got into costume in the car while John and amy rehearsed lines. They were playing in a notoriously bad play, and none of them wanted to, but you can't refuse the offer of not getting shot.

They quickly arrived at the theatre, rushing backstage as fast as possible. As everyone calmed down, eva noticed she had to pee, and immediately thought she was going to piss herself in front of a crowd today. But, she had to go on stage anyway. And then she realized there were operational bathrooms for once, so she didn't waste time using one.

Thinking that meant it would be fine, she went on stage without a care in the world. She managed to give the terrible lines without a single mistake. While Amy was passionately pretending to die from a poisoned donut, John was attempting to get into the bathroom. When Amy had used it, she accidentally knocked a bottle of soap off a of a shelf, and when she closed the door, the soap bottle somehow got stuck in it, jamming the door.

Dooring (hehe) John's struggle, he only managed to rip off the doorknob, making the situation even more hopeless. But john wasn't giving up hope! He realized the public restrooms were probably still usable. Unfortunately, before he could get to them, he had to perform a scene with Eva. This particular scene was especially bad, forcing John to give a love confession to Eva with a straight face. Even worse, they would have to KISS in front of over 200 people!

John took a deep breath and went on stage. Eva screamed into a pillow for a few seconds and went on stage. The two said their lines as well as they could. John got on his knees and croaked out his line: "eva, i luv u so very much, you r very hot."

Eva, wishing she were dreaming, gave her line: "U r sexy as wel, let us kis." And with that, the two forced themselves to move forward and touch lips. Both of them were hating their lives. But then, finally, the curtains closed, and they were free.

While Eva went into a catatonic state, John had no time to waste. He had to find a bathroom! Without hesitation, John raced through the crowd, reaching the restrooms in record time. Unfortunately, it was all for not; the other restrooms were out of order. However, John wasn't giving up hope yet. He quickly came up with an idea, and rushed back stage.

Returning to the jammed door, John backed away from it, and made sure he was lined up with the door. Then, he charged full force at it! And.... It worked! John had successfully opened the door! However, his joy was short lived, as the force of him bashing the door had caused him to pee himself nonetheless. Even worse, he had more scenes to perform.

John attempted to ask for a moment to change his jeans, but mr. Genrick simply told him that he was an entitled brat. Eva heard this, and that made her decide to stop the old hag.

"Hey, Genrick, you know how you threatened us with a gun?"

"Yes? What about it?"

"I have one two, And even if you can beat me at a quick draw, you'll never walk the street safely again if you do."

"Excuse me?"

John knew what she was about to do, and he decided to book it for the exit, while Eva dragged mr. Genrick to the trash can and threw him in it. John thanked Eva when she came out, and Amy went on stage and told the crowd the show was canceled. With that done, everyone went home, and John promised himself never to be in a play again, gun or not.

The end.

Alright, that's done. Now to get started on episode three!

