Shira's Duscomfort

Author: Omo-Homo

*000*2012-08-29 01:06

Ok, so a couple days ago I saw Ice Age 4. I saw Shira and I was like "Oh my god, I need to make a story on her". So here it goes.

(This takes place after the movie)

Today was going to be bad, she could just feel it.

First, she woke up late and barely had time to eat, but she didn't go pee, so she was reluctant to travel. After much persuasion by her friend Diego, she went with them. And it was only 7 am, so they wouldn't stop for a while.

They had been traveling for 1 hour when she started to really feel bad. She coudnt move without hobbling. Diego asked if she was ok and she said she was fine. But deep inside Diego, he knew she wasn't alright. She was crossing her hind legs and occasionally stood up to hold herself.

After another excruciating hour of travel, she was at her limit. She had to cross her hind legs just to keep from peeing herself. She coudnt take it anymore so she went up and asked Manny something.

"Hey Manny"

"Yeah"

"I was wondering if we could stop for a little bit"

"Why?"

"Because I'm literally about to wet myself if we don't stop soon"

"Well we can't stop"

"Why can't we?"

At this point she was leaking, creating little dark spots on her white fur.

"Do you want those wolves to catch up with us?"

"I suppose not, but_

"We can't stop unless we want those wolves to make us their dinner"

Shira then went to the back of the herd, and tried to hold on for as long as possible.

After 10 minutes, she gave up. The urine gushed out of her. She tried to stop it but it was no use. Her white fur was completely soaked. Everyone just stared at her. It would have been fine but then she saw Diego staring at her then she felt bad. She just dashed into the forest.

"I can't believe I did that, and in front of Diego" she said to herself. She just hopped into the shallow part of the lake when she heard something.

"I thought I'd find you here"

She turned and saw Diego

"W-what are you doing here" she stuttered

"I thought I'd be nice and come help you clean up"

So he helped her clean up and then she thought "This day might not be so bad"

So how did you like it? Please comment and review.

Thanks-Omo-Homo

*002*2012-09-29 15:52

Hello, i am planning to make another story on another anime character of your choice, so tell me what you want me to do

Thanks, Omo-Homo

*004*2012-09-30 13:20

Like what toy story character?

