The Virgin Brigade [interactive story]

Author: Grim

*000*2014-06-15 08:57

Two years ago I planned to make a interactive OmoDate story, but as it didn't gain any popularity back then, it was dropped. Now that Interactive stories have become a thing,I thought I might bring it back.

The Concept

Basicly, you choose a girl, you take her on a date, and you try to make her desperate and maybe wet herself. Pretty simple eh? It's basicly the same as date panic, just with less crazy options.

These girls are a bit tough so you need to be careful.

The Mechanics

Sometimes there will be options, sometimes the readers have to come with their own ideas. The most popular option/idea gets used.

THE GIRLS

These are two years old, but I might as well just use them. My style has changed, deal with it!

Most parts wil only get dialogue, but some scenes will be illustrated. It might be slow on updates. You are warned.

Choose carefully!

*007*2014-06-15 10:15

I'm not going to start until I have at least 10 votes, so technically there is still a chance.

A slim one....

*015*2014-06-15 19:46

You have chosen to play with LOUISE, best of luck to you.

###

>Date? Did you say date?!

You're talking to Louise via PSN, and you've just suggested that the two of you go on a date.

>Woow,I don't think I've ever been on a proper date before...Nobody really asked me out, I don't even know what they're supposed to be like...

>So does this mean you're going to buy me a bunch'a stuff?! Because in that case I'm totally in!

>Man I'm going to rip you off soo badly!

>...Jokes aside, Yes, I am in. Where are we going?

>Cinema<

>Seaside<

>Shopping<

>Suggest to just hang at her place<

>Other?<

