Ollie for the Tree

Author: Ayden

*000*2014-08-01 04:07

It started off as an ordinary day in a forest dream bubble (well as ordinary as you can get when you’re dead)for Latula. She had come here to fulfill a deeply seated kink she just couldn’t get away with anywhere else. She looked down and smiled at the bulge she had made in her shirt and gave it a gentle press with her hand, earning a soft gasp and a jolt of pain from her bladder. She had spent the last day filling up on soft drinks and tea, and now she was ready for some fulfillment. She leaned against a tree and pushed again, letting out a soft whimper as she pushed her glasses onto her head. Latula had chosen the spot carefully; she had been here a few times to indulge herself and so far no one had stumbled across her remote spot.

Latula spread her legs a little and leaned back against the rough bark of the tree before taking her gloves off and tossing them a safe ways away before pushing a hand into her leggings. She could feel the tip of her bulge rubbing against her hand as she began to let go. Her stream began a slow pace, then began hissing as it reached top speed, trailing down her leggings and streaming into her supras. She moaned loudly as the teal tentacle wrapped around her wrist while she began to tease her nook. As the torrent of teal continued, she realized she was going to run out at this pace, before she could get off.

Latula tapered off the flood of piss to a trickle, then a stop as she focused on her bulge. She began to give it different squeezes and tugged at it more, chirring softly. She could feel herself getting farther and farther along before she knew she was on the edge. She let go of herself and leaned against the tree with a long sigh. She didn’t know how long she would be able to edge. She hadn’t gotten off in what felt like sweeps, and she wanted to take advantage of the situation she was in.

After taking a relaxing deep breath she went into her sylladex and uncaptchalogued a noose she had carried with her for this very purpose. She had no fears about overdoing it, seeing as she was dead already. Latula slid the loop around her head and pulled on it so it was tight. Just feeling the rough rope around her neck had made her bulge jerk in anticipation, After playing with the tentacle for about ten more minutes, she decided that was enough and pulled the length of rope above her head and finished jerking off with the other. She cried out when she finally came, turquoise come and urine spraying over her hand and onto the grass. Panting and exhausted, she slid down to sit in her own puddle before closing her eyes and reveling in what had just happened.

Until she heard a tree branch snap.

