THE UNBEARABLY LONG HOLD

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2021-04-29 11:02

Hey everyone! I hope you enjoy this latest story and if you'd like to commission your own, just drop me a message!

THE UNBEARABLY LONG HOLD

Janet was incredibly uncomfortable, her legs squirming over and over, wrapped inside her tight black jeans. Twenty-eight, thin; with long legs and a bimbo-ish body and face, she had caught the eyes of several men upon walking into the airport. Her rough brown hair hung loosely down to her shoulders, gently swaying as she struggled her way to the aeroplane; longing to sit down again, as her bladder burned with intense desperation and her bright green eyes seemed to cry out for relief…

TWO WEEKS EARLIER…

Janet Smokes was a high level executive for the Oddan Corporation, overworked and incredible stressed from a corporate merger that was throwing both offices into chaos. As such, for the last three months, she’d been under constant pressure to get things in order and her once good looks had descended into those more akin of a street hooker. One intern had recently made the fatal mistake of pointing out her exhausted looks to her, causing him to be thrown out within the hour; blacklisted from jobs with every company in the city.

However, Janet’s true stress had started just over two weeks ago when her boss had given her the last news she had wanted to hear:

‘We need you reviewing the Australian holdings if the merger’s gonna be complete any time this fucking year. It’ll only be for a couple of weeks at most’.

‘Isn’t there anyone else? Do we really need boots on the ground?’.

‘You know how it is with these bureaucratic bullshitters if we don’t. Your flight leaves in two days Janet. Try and enjoy the scenery while you’re there. It’s a beautiful country’.

Janet had no problem being the hard bitch to division employees who weren’t being targets, however she loathed the idea of going abroad. Unbeknownst to all at her office, Janet absolutely hated to pee in public. It didn’t matter whether it was indoors, luxurious, dirty, empty; filled with people: It was all the same. Despite having a private en-suite in her office at headquarters, she had never used it to relieve herself. The only bathrooms she could use were the ones at her own home and her parent’s house, having grown up with them.

Elsewise, she was completely averse to it. The sensation, the signs of desperation, the way it made other women she knew behave weakly: Janet got sick at the thought alone. She’d fired more than one female intern for needing too many bathroom breaks (Any outside of lunch fitting those parameters) and utterly reviled whenever her female colleagues would excuse themselves for relief on nights out. The way they’d hold themselves through their dresses or skirts like babyish little toddlers, their knees wobbling or bums shaking from too much drink in their bladders: It made her feel ill.

The worst had been when her boss Molly Brians had got roaring drunk, only to end up desperate to pee, while stumbling through the city with Janet at 2:00AM in the morning. Watching her boss in such a vulnerable, pathetic state would have been painful enough. Yet the night truly took a turn for the worse when Molly; doing the pee-pee dance outside a train station, suddenly froze still. For a moment, Janet had been pleased at her boss’s newfound control, until she saw Molly begin to have an embarrassing accident that had left Janet dumbfounded and disgusted.

She had to feign being more drunk than she actually was, as seconds later; she vomited heavily at the sight, covering a nearby bush. Ever since then, Janet tried to avoid the topic of peeing or situations that would lead to people being desperate, wherever possible. However, she knew that this work-trip was going to be an enormous ordeal for her. Despite being iron-bladdered and used to not peeing for days at a time, two-weeks was beyond anything she had ever tested. If things went wrong…

‘Janet, don’t be such a baby’ she mentally scolded herself for even thinking those thoughts. ‘You’re a grown woman, not some immature brat. You’ll hold on just fine’.

So, Janet began her work trip to Australia; reviewing documents for most of the flight, sipping on expensive champagne. Upon arriving, she took a day to re-adjust her body clock; lounging about by a pool, enjoying a suntan and smirking at the stares her body received from several other hotel patrons. One man; a thirty-four-year-old Senior Tech Consultant for Apple, had started a conversation with her and within the hour, she found herself pinned to the bedroom walls of her room, screaming out in delight as she dug her nails into his thick arms and let him bury his hard cock deep inside her. Eventually, she reached climax and let Adam, Max or whatever he’d said his name was, blow his load over tits, before sending him on his way.

An hour later, she was drinking wine; sitting at her computer, feeling well recuperated. The fucking had knocked the jetlag right out of her system, so now, she was ready to start the job she’d been sent for. After nearly forty hours without using the bathroom, she was beginning to feel the very first inklings of needing the loo, yet shrugged it off.

‘It’s nothing. I can keep control’ she thought.

For the next week, Janet’s life consisted of a series of car journeys, office meetings and shouting matches with local heads; who thought they had the authority or ‘friends’ necessary to defy her authority. They were wrong. Five were fired, twelve demoted and two dozen employees let go for a variety of reasons. Some were lazy, some disrespectful, a few were just inefficient. At one branch, she decided to fire a pregnant employee; calculating their severance was less expensive to the company than maternity leave. She fired the weeping woman in the morning, then returned for an evening meeting; only to find that almost every employee had signed a petition, calling for Janet to allow their colleague ‘Megan’ to stay.

Janet had been almost bored as the local manager screamed at her for being a heartless bitch, more distracted by the growing pain in her bladder; now making her tap her heel impatiently, wanting to sit down. Part of her wanted to squirm, to tighten her legs and relieve the pressure, however she refused to be caught dead doing that in front of any employee; whether her boss or a subordinate.

‘You’re a wicked, heartless cow!’ screamed the manager she remembered was called Joseph, only recalling his name due to a distinctive curly moustache.

‘I’m not here to be your friend, get her out of here by week’s end and get someone new in. Three days’.

She left the branch to a series of expletives, which she shrugged off; sliding back inside the leather seats of her corporate car. Giving a slight sigh of relief that the pressure was now off from her bladder, she looked towards Jonas; her driver, an unusually pale-skinned, who was waiting silently for instructions. She appreciated that. Random conversation with strangers drove her nuts.

‘The Ironbrooks Hotel’.

‘Yes Miss Smokes’.

‘Raise the divider Jonas, I don’t want to be disturbed’.

Within moments, a blackout window slid up; isolating Janet. As the car drove down the Australian highway, a five-hour drive ahead of her, Janet drank champagne; though less than normal, as she felt the pressure in her bladder growing. She hated the sensation, like a pricking under her skin and shifted her bum on the seat, trying to get comfortable. By now, eight full days of bladder build up had turned her normally thin stomach into an extended belly; more fitting for someone twice her size and weight, as dozens of expensive drinks sloshed around inside her.

‘For fuck’s sake’ she moaned quietly, pulling out a cigarette, her right hand trembling ever-so-slightly from the strain on her body, as she let the feeling of nicotine calm her.

Even so, it did little to relieve the pressure and despite her attempts to resist, Janet found herself squirming in the backseat, her knees occasionally clamping together, her feet tapping, as she massaged her stomach and bloated bladder, trying to regain full control. Out of character for her, she was blushing, feeling completely inappropriate: More akin to a desperate schoolgirl than feared corporate executive.

‘At least I’m alone’ she told herself. ‘The woman I work with don’t pee for a few hours and act like little girls! I’ve been holding it in for nearly eight days! They don’t have a real woman’s strength’.

Despite her arrogance, that night; once back at the hotel, Janet stared longingly into the hotel bathroom for a moment. It was a white-tile bathroom, with a clean porcelain toilet and good quality towels; just like her own bathroom. Maybe she could…

‘No!’ she said aloud angrily, before calming herself and slipping into her pyjamas: A dark-red nightgown, though she loosened the silk belt more than she cared to admit as she got into bed; trying to get comfortable.

‘I only use the bathroom at my house! I’m not a little girl, I have a real woman’s strength! I can manage until I go home’.

Despite this, her ‘real woman’s strength’ began to show serious cracks over the second half of her trip. Whereas before, she would march round offices, calling in on employees unexpectedly and ruthlessly circling them; an intimidation tactic, now, she began to slow down. At first, it was just a slower walk and less movement. However, the increasing pain on her bladder; as well as the growing signs of her desperation for the toilet, which were growing harder to cover up, forced her to largely hold meetings inside offices. Though still able to grill people, Janet knew she wasn’t doing her job as efficiently or ruthlessly as normal, yet she couldn’t help it.

By the third day of the second week, her walk’s to the car were ponderous; practically lollygagging, strolls, before she would order Jonas to raise the blinder, thus giving her precious isolation from which she could squirm, moan and even hold herself. That had started today, after a potentially lethal bladder pang made her feel like she was about to leak into her panties if she didn’t. Horrified at the thought, her normal embarrassment at doing something so childish had vanished and she’d spent the remainder of the car journey with one hand stuffed between her legs, while massaging her stomach with the other; wincing in pain wherever there was a bump in the road.

Every night; back at her hotel, the clean bathroom and porcelain toilet grew ever-more-appealing, as she tossed and turned and kicked in bed, holding herself through her pyjamas like she hadn’t done since she was a little girl. Despite this, Janet still remained stubborn, determined to make it back home, where she could at least feel comfortable getting the relief she had; reluctantly, conceded that she needed.

However, her body was increasingly resisting her attempts to control it.

On the sixth day of her second week, she was walking carefully through a newly constructed branch; alongside a senior national manager. She was dressed in tight black jeans and a black jumper, with a white undershirt. Despite her massive discomfort, she refused to wear clothing that would make things any easier on her, not wishing to undermine her fearsome reputation with gentler clothes. However, as they reached the top of a flight of stairs, Janet let out a moan of agony before she could stop herself; doubling over in pain, her hands wrapped around her stomach. The manager looked at her, concerned, as Janet struggled to contain the enormous ocean of pee inside her.

‘Are you alright Miss Smokes?’.

‘Y-yes, I’m fine! Caught my foot on the stairs! Now then, you were saying about the predicted Q3 figures?’.

Though the manager continued to speak, Janet barely heard him; wanting to scream out in agony. The pressure in her bladder was nigh unbearable, pulsating against her bloated tummy, as her legs shook with desperation. Over the next hour, Janet barely heard beyond her own heartbeat; racing intensely, or felt more than the sweat running down the back of her neck. She had never ever felt desperation like this. A huge part of her wanted to ask where the toilets were and dash to them. Hell, at this point, she felt uncomfortably close to just standing up and letting it all flood out into her jeans…

‘No!’ she thought angrily at herself, scolding that thought. ‘I will not let that happen. I-I can make it home… I can’.

The next twenty-four hours were among the most painful, agonising torturous work-hours she had ever experienced. Every step she took around the final Australian office; where in her mind had far too many stairs, ripped straight into her overfilled bladder, making her want to let go every-time it happened. Every time she could, Janet slipped off into an empty office, behind a pillar or even a quiet hallway; then began dancing around desperately, doing the pee-pee dance, squirming, shaking, her legs vibrating with urgent desperation, as her fingers clutched tightly inside her tight black jeans.

‘Fuck me, I’m fucking bursting for the toilet! How could I let things get so far?! I can’t hold on any longer! I need the toilet! I’m going to wet myself’.

However, each time this thought came up, she would steel her nerves, grit her teeth and re-emerge from her hiding spots, returning to work. Sometimes, she’d make it an hour or two before another desperate holding fit. Other times, within a few minutes, she’d have both hands stuffed down her jeans, on the verge of crying out for a toilet. Nevertheless, Janet persisted and somehow; at day’s end, she was able to step inside her company car, sitting shakily on the leather seats; her legs vibrating with desperation, as she closed the car door.

‘Put the blinder up Jonas!’ she ordered, however his next words sent a cold chill running down her spine.

‘I’m very sorry Miss Smokes, the blinder is not working. Please feel free to smoke, I won’t be bothered’.

Janet sat frozen; for several minutes, as the car drove down the highway. She needed to squirm, to hold herself, to do all the things she looked down on other women for, if she was going to have any hope of making it back to the UK. If she didn’t, she wouldn’t make an 18-hour flight. She doubted she’d make it to the airport. Her desperation was too strong, her bladder hurt too much. After a few more minutes of insufferable bladder torment, Janet’s desperation finally won out over her pride.

‘Jonas’ she said shakily, in a tone so unlike her usual confidence. ‘Do you want to make a thousand dollars, right now?’.

Jonas looked surprised, turning towards Janet briefly; wondering where this was going. Janet shakily drew out a check-book, signed a one-thousand-dollar check and placed it in the driver’s jacket pocket.

‘What I’m about to do… do not speak of this to anyone. Not your boss, not your wife, not your therapist’s retarded cousin. Am I clear?’.

Jonas nodded, still not entirely understanding. Seconds later though, his eyes widened in surprise as he saw Janet; a powerful and feared executive in Oddan, begin to hold herself like a ten-year-old, struggling with potty training. Tears came to Janet’s eyes, as her fingers slid into her jeans, underneath her panties and tightly gripped her pussy. She began to moan loudly, her bum shaking repeatedly on the tight leather seats, as her legs twisted rapidly; over and over again.

After several minutes of this shocking display, Jonas nervously spoke up.

‘Miss Smokes… if you require a restroom, we can stop anywhere you like?’.

‘I can’t go anywhere apart from my home’ admitted Janet, unable to even attempt a lie. ‘Just get me to the airport, quick!’.

How Janet planned to hold on during the entire flight home, Jonas had no idea but a thousand dollars speaks loudly. He began to accelerate faster down the highway, as a pained Janet groaned and shook and held her knees tightly together with every passing mile. Within the hour, they’d made it; almost in record time. As she stumbled from the car, somewhere in the back of her mind, Janet made a mental note to request for Jonas to be transferred to their UK division: His professionalism and loyalty during this humiliating moment for her was something she appreciated.

Now, here she was, making her way through an airport; seemingly on the verge of losing it, fighting with every step to make it back home.

Every minute that passed from that moment on was an unspeakable hell for Janet. Hundreds; if not thousands, of people saw her limp and dance through the airport in her desperate state. At a few key junctions, she had to stiffen up; elsewise be denied her flight and then, any chance of making it home without wetting herself. However, every cue bend and airport gate felt like it was moving in slow-motion, as she bounced desperately on the spot; several tourists and frequent fliers staring at her contemptuously, assuming she must be a nervous flyer.

Things improved slightly in the aeroplane… for the first hour. After that, the desperation continued as bad as before and only grew worse. There was no chance of sleep. She didn’t dare eat anything and the mere sight of a drink near her would likely cause her to flood her seat and half the plane with it. Instead, she sat; shaking, calming music flooding her ears through a pair of wireless headphones, that eased her stress in absolutely no way at all.

Janet simply stared out the window as they took off, achieved cruising level and began to tick by the miles, hour by hour, minute by minute. Her thin legs were vibrating like a rung bell, trapped inside her tight black jeans, as sweat poured down her forehead. A few times, she looked towards the aeroplane toilets, almost wondering if she could use them. She wanted to. She needed to so badly but Janet still refused. Despite much of her pride being in tatters, Janet would never resort to something that low.

‘If I lose control, it will be in my jeans, my head held high, fighting until my last breath. I will not scream and cry to use the toilet. Never’.

And so, Janet fought on, even as every part of her body screamed for release. Yet somehow, even as Janet shook like she was about to wet herself at any moment, her resolve held and eventually, her plane landed; wheels hitting tarmac being the sweetest sound she’d ever heard.

Making her way through the airport and into the company car, she felt like she was in a haze, a fog of desperation that had become this permanent; yet somehow routine, agony. Even as the long drive back to her house began, she squirmed and fidgeted and felt sweat pour down her, yet no longer did she moan or curse; despite being able to behind a working blinder. Perhaps she no longer had the strength.

Even so, a moment came when Janet knew that; within a few moments, everything would be over. It was a pang like no other, an intense agony so great, she screamed silently for several seconds; the breath catching in her throat. It hurt beyond anything she’d ever experienced, she almost imagined it was what going into labour would feel like; if she’d ever wanted kids. The sensation was pure, white-hot, nuclear fire desperation that would overwhelm her body in a matter of minutes… perhaps seconds…

‘We’ve arrived Miss Smokes’.

The words shocked Janet to her core.

She was home.

She was home!

Where before, every step had been a torture for her bladder, now, every movement of every muscle felt like being torn apart. Her legs were shaking so badly, she could see her driver glance towards them, though he had no clue as to why. When she pulled her bags from the car, she thought she might begin soaking her jeans as she lifted them or even as the vehicle drove away. But she didn’t.

Instead, Janet turned around, exhausted, desperate beyond all belief, her bloated stomach now overhanging her tight black jeans so much that it was drooping halfway over a thick camel-toe, before walking to the front door of her home. The door slid open, then shut and a burst of energy; Janet’s last, surged through her, as she screamed in delight, fear, pain, terror and emotion, tears rolling down her face, as she finally unbuttoned her black jeans, running towards her nearest toilet. She felt her bladder finally snap right as she pushed open the bathroom door, there was no holding anymore but her sheer momentum prevented any leaks until her panties and jeans were ripped down to her ankles, her cute little bum hit the toilet seat and then…

‘Oh… FUCK!!!!!!!!!!’.

Janet could say nothing else. The relief was indescribable. Pee sprayed out from her pussy like a high-pressure firehouse, colliding with the ceramic bowl so fast, for a moment, she was genuinely worried she might split it. She moaned and cried and felt an orgasm wash over her, her clit throbbing like a drumbeat; pulsating in her ears, from nothing more than sheer, utter bliss. It was divine, it was sensational, Janet had never felt anything this good.

No promotion or sex felt this pleasurable, no spa day or therapist session was this relieving. Her whole body was getting lighter, as she continued to pee a thunderous amount; having to flush the toilet mid-stream, as her onslaught threatened to reach back up to her, a sensation she was sickened by the very thought of. Despite being frustrated that she had come so close to an accident, Janet had to admit: The vast majority of bathroom breaks were silly, stupid affairs; from people too weak to show some backbone and hold on for longer to work.

But every once in a while, she had to admit, they were bliss. As the last streams of pee finally poured from Janet’s exhausted body, after over ten minutes of relief, Janet sagged against the toilet, immensely proud that her clothes remained dry and that she had made it home, her honour intact. She had to admit it… that was a worthy end to an unbearably long hold. Now, she would never have to be that desperate or afraid again. Janet gave a rare smile; without malice, as she breathed in deeply, mentally getting herself ready to relax and enjoy a well-earned break.

Meanwhile; half a world away, a driver sat inside a company car, smiling at photos of a senior executive holding herself like a little girl, utterly desperate for the toilet. Several days-worth of pictures, culminating in a mad-dash for the airport. Jonas smiled. These would prove useful for his plans to come…

THE END.

*009*2021-05-15 14:36

Hey everyone! Here's part II of this story, courtesy of a second commission and if any of you want your own, please DM me whenever!

Otherwise, enjoy!

PART II

Jonas smiled wickedly. The photos he now held from the last six weeks of work, were worth over $20,000 to his employers; eager to ruin his boss’s reputation. However, of perhaps even greater joy to him, was the acclaim it would win him among the internet forums he regularly frequented. Original, unstaged and genuine desperation material was extremely rare and so he knew that these pictures would be of great delight to his many online compatriots.

The photos in question showed the woman he regularly drove for; Janet Smokes, in extreme States of desperation, having delayed her need to use the toilet for several days at a time. An arrogant, ruthless business executive, she had made many enemies in her time; several of which had combined their resources to hire him, leading to his undercover work over the last month and a half. As he had suspected, like many cases had been on before, these ruthless business types always had one particular weakness. Sometimes, it was a particular voice that held sway over them, such as drugs or gambling. Other times, it was a medical failing, such as genetic illnesses or mental ones they were hiding from their employers. Yet most often of all, Jonas found that these types were exceptionally prideful and thus, would drive themselves into vulnerable states of exposure, so long as they wrongly were led to assume they would be safe if in doing so.

Janet was one such example. Though normally refusing to show weakness in front of others, she trusted Jonas and was willing to openly hold herself and even complain how desperate she was to him; though with the caveat of berating other women for their weak bladders. He had multiple hours of video footage of her squirming like a little girl in the back of his BMW and; no doubt, she would soon learn of this, when her corporate rivals ‘leaked’ the files on the Oddan Corporation Servers. It would utterly ruin her and before Janet had a chance to track down Jonas, he would be long gone.

*PING!*

Jonas’s phone buzzed, as he swiped up and grinned, seeing $20,000 had just arrived in his account. Igniting his car engine, he knew it was time to move onto the next target and the assignment had already come through. $50,000. A multi-month contract. The woman’s face appeared in his messages and grinned excitedly, speeding down the motorway; as he raced for the airport.

This was going to be fun.

‘I don’t give a fuck you stupid bitch’ snarled the older woman, as tears poured down the younger girl’s face. ‘If you wanted your job, you shouldn’t let have let any random man with a dick fuck you. You’re fired’.

The redhead nineteen-year-old burst out of the office; sobbing, while her boss sighed in annoyance. There was nothing she hated more than having to hunt for a new secretary and after her experiences with this one, she was even less enthused than normal. The woman's name was Jane Carroway: A skinny blonde, thirty-one-year-old who had used every part of her body; sometimes even enhancing old parts, to climb up the corporate ladder faster than any of her peers. At just twenty-four, she had already had multiple breast enlargement surgeries and three additional ones since then had given her a large, glossy fake chest that some men fawned over, while any with common sense ran a mile; taking it as a sign to the rest of her nature.

Unfortunately, men with that kind of sense were rare in her business world; despite their numerous nature, so Jane had routinely been able to take advantage of this and through a series of sexual favours, had leveraged herself the deputy head position of the entire National office of the Louden group, a highly successful shipping firm.

Even so, she was stressed. Not from her corporate responsibilities; her ruthless nature was largely an act to mask her complete indifference towards other people's needs. She could blitz through intense workloads regularly, yet her current challenge was one of a very different nature. At their corporation’s regular Christmas party; an event she was obliged to throw and attend, drunken revelry had led to over four different women, including a fellow department head, pissing themselves in in the offices and hallways of the building, with Jane nearly gagging at the sight of pee dripping down their tight pinstripe skirts, as they sobbed and whined for undeserved affection. In the aftermath, Jane had recommended to her boss that they all be immediately fired, in order to dissuade future behavior of this sort. However, Jack; in a rare display of compassion, forgave their misdeeds as:

‘It’s just what women do at Christmas. In general, really. Most can’t help themselves’.

The words had been grating at her for weeks since then, gnawing away at her. Jane was used to workplace sexism but to suggest that other women should be excused for; as she saw it, pathetic displays of weakness, just because they were woman: It infuriated her. In her eyes, it was an affront to every display of her strength she had ever shown. If another woman disgraced them for acting this way, she should be punished. To be associated with people like that; just because of her sex, repulsed Jane, to the point that, nine days ago, she had given up using the toilet daily. She had exceptionally strong bladder control and it felt unbelievably week to need relief in the same manner they did. They were beneath her.

The very idea of needing to relieve herself when her ‘body’ demanded was beneath her. Jane was a powerful businesswoman. She’d use a bathroom if she wanted to and not before; which she didn’t, and knew she wouldn’t want to for some time. Hence, she had resolved herself to an exceptionally long hold period of holding, for which she had given herself no easy conditions. Tight blue jeans with a thick black belt were wrapped around her waist, she drank no less than before and her high-heels made easy resting impossible; putting more strain on her body. She hadn’t cared. This was all proof of her superiority. It made her feel proud every day she rejected the pathetic idea of a ‘bathroom break’: It was childish, no better than a toddler’s mindset.

Jane Carroway was a woman.

However; after nine days, she was a woman who was getting increasingly desperate for the toilet.

Her bladder has swollen significantly, leading to a large bulge that hung over her skirt and left Jane routinely rubbing her belly; trying to ease the immensely uncomfortable aching. A few of her fellow employees had seen this and wondered if she was pregnant, though the idea of asking a woman as prickly as her to confirm that, quickly sent them rushing back to work before she noticed them staring. With each new day, Jane found sitting to be increasingly difficult, as she started to squirm uncomfortably in even the most relaxing of leather chairs.

At home, she secretly relished the times when she could undo her tight business clothes and slip into a finally made velvet dressing gown, giving herself an excuse to ease the growing pressure she felt to hold on. Yet; despite having ample opportunity, Jane was not taking any of them and refused to use the toilet, even as it became clear to her that she was growing more and more desperate by the day. However, whenever the temptation grew significant enough to make her consider it, she thought of her fellow employees at the Christmas party and how utterly worthless they had looked with hot streams of piss running down their tanned legs. The thought alone was enough to repulse her from even glancing towards her work bathroom for several hours.

However, as time went on, even Jane was slowly having to come to terms with the fact that she could not fight off her bodily needs forever. Every step she now took in her high, black-heeled shoes sent sharp bursts of pain getting through her body that almost made her cry out in agony each time they shot through her. After sixteen days of holding without a bathroom break, Jane was openly squirming in the backseat of her private car; driven by a thankfully discrete driver named Jonas, who she knew she could count on to never reveal her shameful actions, the man having a reputation for being an exceptionally discrete and professional employee when it came to maintaining corporate secrets and appearances.

‘If you need me to stop somewhere ma’am, just let me know’ said Jonas neutrally; in a non-judgmental tone, as Jane held herself between a pair of thick, dark blue jeans; squirming with open desperation.

‘Certainly not!’ she said sharply. ‘I control my body, it does not dictate terms to me and I will find relief when it is necessary. Not before’.

Jonas nodded.

‘As you say ma’am. Here’s your complimentary champagne for the day’ he said, pressing a button that raised two wine glasses and a $400 bottle of champagne from the seat’s inner cooler.

Normally, the sight of it always brought a thin, smug smile to Jane’s face; enjoying the power she had, where fine drinks were available to her at a moment’s notice. One thing she always loathed to see was homeless people; packs of half-used water by their sleeping spots, begging for money. Jane had never begged for anything in her life; excluding a few faked cries of lust in affairs with her boss, so to see others do so made her respect them even less than she instinctively did with most. A few people; like Jonas, were tolerable, even mildly enjoyable as social company, for their subservience and deference to her authority. Most were cattle in her mind, to either be herded or disposed of.

Even so, the sight of the champagne now made her feel uneasy. Watching icy cold drips flow down the glass, Jane felt her own desperation spike for a moment and couldn’t help but wonder how good it would feel to let it all just flow out. Right now, her clenched legs felt like that champagne cork and she almost wanted to feel herself burst; to get the relief she knew she desperately needed, even if it all went out over her clothes…

‘Get a hold of yourself woman!’ she mentally scolded herself. ‘That is vile! You will hold yourself with dignity, not piss on your jeans like some dirty little whore. Good grief’.

Even so, holding with dignity was still somewhat beyond Jane as she squirmed and wriggled and tightly held herself through her jeans for the rest of the car journey; even as she continued to sip through the champagne, determined to pretend she could act with her normal strength. If she had known that Jonas had slipped a powerful diuretic in the drink hours earlier, she may have felt very differently.

Within a day, Jane was feeling the effects. Where before, she was desperate, now: Jane was in constant agony. As the third week of her desperation began, Jane woke up groggy on her bed; her whole body feeling wracked with exhaustion and sweat, as she moaned in discomfort. However, as she tried to move to get up and dressed, she let out an enormous scream of pain, as she felt a burning sensation rip through her bladder. Every muscle within her was trying to let the piss gush out and Jane gripped her pussy tightly, screaming and sobbing in exhaustion, as she applied every bit of strength she had to prevent an accident she felt right on the edge of.

‘I can hold it… I can hold it… I… I can’ she repeated to herself; over and over, though she didn’t know whether that was the truth or a lie anymore.

Getting dressed was pure torture. She badly wanted to put on a dress, a skirt; even a flat pair of shoes, anything that would make holding herself easier, yet it contrasted too much with her reputation of being a business-only executive. A dress was too friendly, a skirt invited sexual comments and even flat shoes said; in her mind: ‘Look at me, I’m just like everyone else!’.

Despite the pain she was in, nothing hurt Jane more than the thought that she was like other women; particularly that she was as vulnerable to her bladder needs as they were. Despite the madness of her perspective, Jane continued to holding, sweating and squirming through a light breakfast of syrup pancakes and orange juice; before stepping into her private car, shakily telling Jonas to take her to the office, before she belted in for the hour long journey there.

Jane barely saw the traffic go past her, instead seeing a blur of colours and noises; her whole body sweating and delirious from pain, her stomach now bulging so large that it was open-office conversation that she was pregnant. Her belly hung over her tight blue jeans; drooping several inches forward, as the once-proud executive kept her hands firmly between her legs for the entire car journey. Once or twice, she wanted to remove them to have some more of her drink; to prove she could, though deep down, she knew she would begin wetting herself almost instantly if she even tried and so, her hands remained clenched into her stomach, digging tighter and tighter to help her hold on.

‘I don’t need the toilet… I don’t need the toilet… I… I…’.

She couldn’t even bear to repeat the mantra in her head; knowing what utter crap it was, while even the word made her feel painful pangs of desperation. Jonas; seeing her desperate state, smiled widely. He’d already gotten enough material over the last few days to humiliate her for her his clients, yet he suspected that he was now about to get the crown jewel of her desperate holding tonight. He’d seen dozens of women desperate over the years and near as many accidents. In that time, Jane was on the more impressive side of the scale, having held for weeks where most would be in sheer agony by their second day. Yet as he knew and Jane had tried to deny: Everyone had their limit. They would be squirming, cursing, moaning, crying in pain, dancing desperately, twisting their legs; vibrating from sheer desperation.

Then, a moment would come where their body would freeze up; their desperation ceasing for a moment, only to be followed by a loud hissing as they began to completely lose control of themselves, wetting themselves like little girls in the backseat of his car. It was the simple, unavoidable truth if she did not reach a bathroom first and Jonas wondered which would break first:

Her pride or her bladder?

Three hours later, Jane was sitting in her office; trying to type out a report, yet every word was fading in and out on her screen, Jane nearly passing out from the nuclear-fire of pain in her bladder. It was like nothing she’d ever experienced, a burning hot centre that had consumed her life and left her wondering if she’d ever feel anything but pain again. Jane’s whole body was trembling; as if she had a fever, sweat was pouring down her forehead, while her legs were twisted around each other; her thighs burned slightly from the intense gnawing of her jeans which were now far too tight to give even the slightest amount of space for comfort to Jane’s immensely painful bladder desperation.

She couldn’t take it anymore. Jane wanted this pain to go away, she’d never felt in so much debilitating agony and wanted to make it stop. Suddenly, nothing else seemed to matter anymore. She was alone and there were bathrooms down the hall. Most others were working and it was unlikely anyone would see her enter. Even if they did, she’d proved her strength. She’d held on longer than most woman could ever dream of doing. There was no reason for her to feel weak. Even so, her mind was at war with itself.

‘You don’t need to use the toilet. Not when you’re forced to! It is beneath you, those other women are beneath you and so are their needs. You don’t need the toilet. I don’t need the toilet. I… I… I… I do need the toilet! I need it!’.

The moment she admitted that to herself, her body seemed to respond to her mental fortitude cracking with a sharp burst of desperation that nearly started her relief in flooding her office chair. Breathing deeply to control the pain, Jane wiped tears of pain from her eyes and steeled herself to stand up. Even that act alone was difficult and nearly made Jane lose it, the sheer weight in her bladder; while standing on shaky legs, nearly driving her to unspeakable embarrassment. Even so; somehow, she kept holding and all she had to do was make it down the hallway. The toilets were so close. She could get the relief she needed.

Jane took her first step forwards.

Suddenly, her office door swung open and her boss, Jack Smithers, walked in, dressed in a sharp business suit.

‘Ah, Jane; excellent! Are you ready for the meeting?’.

Jane felt her blood go cold.

‘What?’ she said, in a tone that couldn’t hide her fear.

‘The Q1 growth meeting for our South-Eastern holdings? It’s on the schedule!’.

Jane wanted to scream; remembering it now, only having forgotten because of the intense pain in she’d been in for the last forty-eight hours.

‘Ah, yes; of course’.

‘Are you alright?’ asked Jack. ‘You look a little unwell’.

‘I-I’m fine’ said Jane. ‘I’ve taken an aspirin’.

‘Ah, headaches are rough. Well, we’d best get a move on. There’s still a few minutes before we start. Did you want to use the bathroom first?’.

Jane wanted to answer yes. She wanted to scream it. She wanted to push Jack out of the way and dash into the toilets, yank off her torturous jeans and feel the flood of relief spread through her body. At this point, anything sounded better than going to that meeting. Peeing through her clothes into the toilet; just so she could get relief quicker. Asking Jack to carry her to the toilets. Hell, even wetting herself in-front of him right now sounded better than another second of holding and the risk of an accident in front of the entire executive board.

But she didn’t do any of those things. Jane forced a smile and stood up straight, gritting her teeth.

‘No need’ she said, trying to sound confident.

‘Let’s go’.

TO BE CONTINUED…

*011*2021-05-16 16:57

{{1 hour ago, wedgeantilles said:

What an amazing new chapter! I read it yesterday evening but didn't comment then. High time I do this now

I hope to see Jane humiliated, she is such an unlikable person (you did a great job of describing her!) and it would be great to see her devastated.

Can't wait to learn how hard she will have to try to hold it longer - and still loose despite all the effort and pain she went through! *evil grin*

}}

Thanks so much, I'm thrilled you liked it!

Hopefully, the client will commission the third part of it soon and if they do; even if they decide to go for a 'non-wetting ending', I will potentially include one where she does, as yeah, Jane is a horrible person and deserves the humbling!

{{On 5/4/2021 at 6:18 PM, randomkath said:

I'm a fan.

}}

Thanks for supporting! It means a lot.

{{On 5/1/2021 at 3:19 PM, Monomone said:

Absolutely love this, I'm looking forward to the next chapter!

}}

Thank you so much! Hopefully, I'll have part 3 up soon!

{{On 5/1/2021 at 2:34 PM, IllusiveOne said:

Fantastic story! I usually prefer my extreme desperation to be volume wise over length of time wise but this is definitely one of the exceptions! Great work!

}}

Awwww, thank you!!! I'm so glad this was an exception, that means a lot.

{{On 5/1/2021 at 11:24 AM, poinser said:

Well written.

}}

Cheers!

{{On 5/1/2021 at 10:21 AM, Rexone_312 said:

I can't wait to read what would happen when Jonas gets transferred!

Such an incredibly hot story! Please write more on her!

}}

Thank you so much and indeed, Jonas is a naughty boy!

{{On 4/30/2021 at 6:50 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Wow, a fantastic story.

And the best? That there is a huge promise of another chapter! Thats's amazing

}}

Aww, thank you! That means the world and part 2 is now up, hopefully part 3 will soon follow!

{{On 4/29/2021 at 9:51 PM, Reinhardt_DAD said:

I agree, this is fantastic, and I can't wait to see how the story continues with jonas

}}

Aww, thanks and Jonas is very naughty!

{{On 4/29/2021 at 7:53 PM, BurstingBunnie said:

Wow this was good!!

Very well written too, which is great to see when involving such extreme holds!

}}

Thank you so much, that means the world!

$$

