The Runaway Sisters

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2012-08-31 02:45

This is a story of my own developing. My own characters and setting. If you steal it, you&#39;re bad. This story and its characters may not be reproduced or redistributed without the legally and explicitly expressed consent of the original author and artist, me. So haha.

This story takes place nearly eight hundred years into the future on a planet where a matriarchal race (female governed) known as the Garpakians reside. You will follow a brief telling of two young sisters who will eventually grow up to be two of the galaxy's finest heroines, but they must first overcome the double burden of childhood and having ran away from a tyrannical mother.

Kalandra watched as the ships and speeders passed by. So many ways to escape, but all out of reach. It drove her mad. She had a little sister to take care of after all.

“Alira?” Kalandra asked, “How are you doing?”

“I’m fine, Kalandra. A little hungry but that’s all.” Alira responded.

Kalandra looked around the station. There frankly was no way to get what they needed, but all she wanted was enough galetas or Republic credits to get away from the planet. Kalandra jumped when a hand was placed on her shoulder. An older human woman in uniform stood behind her with a partly concerned, partly upset face.

“Young ladies, how old are you? What are you doing here without your parents?”

“I’m seventeen.” Kalandra answered.

“I’m twelve.” Alira answered.

“You’re garpakians so that would make you equal to a human... eleven and eight year old?”

The girls nodded. “Were waiting for our parents to come back. They just went to the bathroom.” Kalandra lied. “We’ll be okay.”

“Very well, if you say so.” The woman said and walked off.

Kalandra turned to her sister, “Let’s not stay here. If planet security takes us in, they’ll send us back home.” Alira agreed with her sister with a slow nod, and they left the station in a hurry.

The streets of the capital city of Garpakia Prime were an easy place to get lost in if one did not know one’s way. The goldenrod buildings were massive and from the Resan sisters’ level, it nearly blocked out the sun. The girls continued onward looking for a good place to eat, but budgeting would be important. Kalandra looked in her wallet and looked inside. She had at least four hundred republic credits and about twenty would grant her and Alira enough food for one meal. She looked over at the younger girl to see her shivering and sad. Like the big sister she was, she put an arm over Alira’s shoulder.

“We’ll be all right. We’ll make it through this.” She consoled the girl, but all Alira did was bury her face in her sister’s chest and cry.

“We had to run. You understand that, right?”

Alira nodded reluctantly. In her heart, she knew that they could not have stayed with their mother. To her, she and Kalandra were property to be used in what ever way she saw fit. It had to end. She brushed her wavy blonde hair to the side and wiped her face of tears. “I’ll be fine. I have you.”

“Good. I need you too.”

The girls continued on for nearly an hour until they approached a promenade of some kind. Kalandra saw the various stores and restaurants that lined the level. They could get a cheap meal here. Kalandra looked over to Alira about to ask what she wanted when she saw they younger girl with her hand holding her... private area.

“You okay?” She asked.

“Yeah.” Alira answered.

“Your holding your... you know what.”

“Oh!” Alira sounded genuinely surprised that someone would notice. “I’m sorry, I was just a little itchy down there.” And she proceeded to scratch the area.

“If that’s all...” Kalandra brought her sister to a small grocer instead of a restaurant to try and stock up on foods rather than pay for flamboyant meals. The line was long, the store was packed, but necessity took over. They walked around and collected a few cracker boxes, some canned foods, a couple drinks, and a bit of meat for tonight, all of which would cost roughly seventy or so credits. The line was about a half-hour wait but they got through. The girls sat down at a table outside on the promenade to eat their lunch. Making some nice snacks of cheese, meat and crackers, the girls began their quaint meal.

“We have to be careful not to spend too much money.” Kalandra warned her sister. “We might have a lot now, but who knows when we might get more.”

Alira nodded in understanding.

“We should try to save these only for when we can’t get food. That we can save the most money.” Kalandra smiled at her sister. Even the younger girl didn’t understand what she meant, she trusted her older sister to do the right thing for the two of them.

Kalandra grabbed another cracker, but lost her grip and it fell to the ground. “Not wasting that.” she said and reached under the table to retrieve the food item. As she grabbed it, she noticed Alira with her hand inside her pants and her feet moving rather rapidly, like paddles.

“Alira, do you have to pee?”

Alira shook her head. “Not really. I can hold it for a bit longer.”

Kalandra shrugged, “All right, fine.” The younger girl sounded uncertain however. She was probably just trying not to show weakness in front of her sister, because she knew that she needed to strong now, more than ever.

When the meat and cheese was gone, and they finished their juices, Kalandra packed up the remainder of their food into their little backpacks and prepared to head out again.

“We should see it we can try and get a cheap passage off of here.” Kalandra said. Alira nodded silently, but she now had both of her hands over her private area and was swaying. “Um... Alira?”

“I know, I really have to go pee now!” Alira said nervously. Kalandra shifted a little bit, and she realized she needed to go too. She surveyed the area, but it didn’t look like there were any bathrooms.

“I think you’ll have to go outside somewhere. No bathrooms here.” Kalandra said. “Just pee... over there.” And she vaguely gestured to the area behind her. Alira was confused, but she did as she was told. Kalandra was just finishing packing up the last bit of food when she heard a young boy shout:

“Eww!! She’s peeing!”

Kalandra quickly looked behind her to the slender figure of Alira’s body without any pants on. She was standing over near a fountain, holding herself down... there... and peeing in the water like a boy. Kalandra ran over to her urinating sister and shouted, “What do think your doing!?”

“Um... peeing?” Alira said confusingly.

“Why there!?”

“This is where you told me pee!”

“I meant in a place where there wasn’t people! Why would you pee in a fountain!?”

Alira just stood there, still peeing into the water, and started to cry. The image of a young girl crying and peeing while standing was... odd... to say the least. “I’m sorry!” the urinating girl sobbed. “I... I... I didn’t...”

Kalandra got up on the rim of the fountain as well and placed a hand on Alira’s shoulder. “It’s fine... you didn’t know.” Kalandra looked around, many people were staring at the half naked child as she finished peeing. “Hey, put your pants on and follow me.” Heavy-hearted and humiliated, Alira put her clothes back and followed her sister behind a building.

Here, Kalandra had her sister sit down. “Next time you have to pee outside, do this.” Kalandra unbuckled her belt and slid her pants down, followed by her panties. She stepped out of them and threw them next to Alira who was watching her bottomless sister with interest. Kalandra turned toward the wall, bent her knees a little, and held open her labia. She relaxed her lower body and felt a rushing sensation begin to leave her body, followed by a steady stream of urine flowing from her... private area. “See? You just pee on a wall or on a tree or something. Don’t do it where everyone will see you.”

“Okay... thanks sis. You’re the best!”

Kalandra pulled her pants back up, grinned at her sister and gave her a pat on the head. “We’ll be fine, lil’ sis. You’re doing just great, and somehow or another... we’ll get through this.”

