Christmas with Emma: A Sanguinary Emissary spin-off

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2015-12-25 08:44

Since Sanguinary Emissary has been in dev hell for so long, I bring a small holiday tale of the O'Neill sisters when they were growing up, told by the view point of Emma.

###

So… How many of you remember it? Christmas morning, I mean. You’d wake up, you’d be groggy for about five seconds or so… and then it hits you. Christmas! It’s finally here! Santa Claus has come and gone, and there’s a horde of presents under the tree just waiting to be unwrapped.

Well, that’s how it was for me. Every year. I mean, hey, when you’re a kid, getting presents is just the best thing in the whole world! There are few things more thrilling. All the new toys and games that you now get to have and… well… I don’t know how else to put it! It’s not even something you can fully put into words; that giddy feeling you get as you tear into that present and pull out that one thing you’ve always wanted. Maybe it’s because… as you’re growing up, you don’t have the means to get what you want, and so, christmas is one of the few times that you might actually get that one thing. So when December rolls around, that’s when you start wishing… with all your heart.

“Emma, wake up! It’s Christmas!”

It was just how I had described. For about five seconds, all I wanted to do was punch my sister for daring to awaken me, then go straight back to sleep. But no sooner than later did reality strike me… it was, indeed, Christmas!

I sat straight up, and began bouncing with what was probably the stupidest smile on my face…

“Let’s go wake up Mom and Dad!”

“Wait, what?” I gave Leila a panicked look. “No! We can’t wake them up! It’s only 6:13!”

Leila gave me the very best puppy-dog eyes she could. “But it’s Christmas!”

“I know, but we can’t wake up Mom and Dad or they’ll just get mad and then they won’t give us our presents!”

“I don’t care!” Leila huffed. “I’m waking them up!”

I tried to stop her by grabbing her arm, but she slipped out of my grip. I didn’t know what to do. Leila’s an impulsive, one-track-mind thing who once she sees a goal, all she can think about is reaching it. The best plan I could come up with is to bury myself under the covers and pretend I was asleep. Make it seem like is was all Leila’s idea.

Then I heard it. The sound of knuckles on hollow wood. One… two… three… four. I flinched at each knock.

I waited… and waited… for what felt like an hour. I kept thinking that I was hearing a voice. Was something happening? Did Leila’s plan work? I was far too afraid to look out from my cover to check. So I kept waiting. And I waited some more. The silence was paralyzing. Part of me wanted to get up and pull Leila back into our room and spare her the punishment that was probably coming. But if I got up, and that’s when my parents chose to deal with Leila… oooohh, that timing! I clenched the edge of my pillow and pressed my lips together.

Another set of knocks resounded through the hallway and into the room, but this time… I heard the door open. There were muffled voices, but it sounded like my dad. His tone… seemed even, but I could detect the slight irritation. 6 AM is just too early for grown-ups.

I could hear Leila walking back in. I rose from my covers and shot her an “I told you so” look, to which she retorted with an “I don’t care” look.

“Dad says we can’t leave the room until he and mom get up.”

I shrugged. That was the answer I expected.

And so, two anxious little girls sat in their rooms as time passed, waiting for the time when presents could finally be opened. Leila sat on her bed with her legs tucked into her chest, rocking back and forth in place, while I lay in bed staring at the wall, wondering just how many heart-shaped stickers I managed to put on there. Waiting was so hard though… and made it worse… I had to go to the bathroom.

“Emma…” said Leila.

“Yeah?”

“I have to go pee.”

Well what do you know? I wasn’t alone. “Same here.” I replied. “But if Dad said we can’t leave…”

“I have to go really bad though.”

I didn’t answer. I really didn’t know what else to say. I had to go pretty bad as well, but what do you do when your parents say that you aren’t allowed to get up?

“Emma!” Leila said in a whispering shout.

“What?”

“I don’t know what to do!” Leila tucked her legs in tighter. “I can’t hold it much longer!”

“Just wait for Mom and Dad to get up!”

“I can’t!” she whined. “I’m gonna pee!” She started digging her heels into her private area. I didn’t know what to tell her. I didn’t want her to have an accident, but I didn’t want her to get in trouble either.

“Well… I guess that-”

“I just peed a little bit…” Leila whimpered.

“U-Um, okay…” I sat up and looked around the room quickly. Perhaps there was something she could go in and then we could hide it and dump it out later. I didn’t want her peeing in any of our toy bins though… I’d never touch it again if she did. So what then?

Of course! “Leila, just go in the garbage can!”

“A-Are you sure?”

“It’s better than peeing on your bed!”

“O-Okay!” Leila quickly got up and hobbled over to the trash under our desk. She pulled it out and placed it in the middle of the room. “Don’t look, okay?”

“Oh, don’t worry!” I said. “I won’t!”

So I spun around where I sat and faced the wall again. I could hear Leila fumbling around with her pants, but from the sound of things, she was probably trying to sit on it. Sadly, it was a rectangular waste bin and wasn’t all that stable. At that point, I knew what was coming.

“Emma…”

“Yes?”

“I don’t know how to… do it.”

I turned around, and there she is, standing there with only a white, long-sleeved shirt… then totally nude below. I couldn’t help but blush just a bit at seeing her in that… exposed position.

“Um… all right. Try just… standing over it.”

“I can’t do that!”

“Leila, it will be just fine!” I argued, struggling to keep my voice at a whisper. “Look… I’ll do it too.”

“R-Really?” asked Leila.

“…Yes.” I got up and walked over to the opposite side of the the garbage. I pulled my own pants and panties down, then I bent my knees slightly and stood over the bin. “All right, you too now. We’ll do it together.”

Leila waddled herself over until her hips were positioned above the waste bin.

“Okay… here it comes…” she whimpered.

“Get ready!” I said to her.

I placed a hand on Leila’s shoulder and nodded. She nodded back, then squeezed her eyes shut, and in that moment, golden droplets began to pour out from between her legs, splattering onto the small stack of used paper below. A few moments later, I felt my own urine begin pushing its way through the passages of my lower body, then out it sprayed into the bin below us. And, oh my God, was it loud. I hoped beyond all hope that our parents couldn’t hear it. And that poor little sister of mine. Her face was flushed red with humiliation. She couldn’t even bring herself to look at what she was doing in the trash. But I could see it. The paper was absorbing most of it, but now it was beginning to puddle up. And it smelled. Badly. It was hard to say whether or not we could hide this from Mom and Dad. I don’t know what the hell that kid was drinking, but wow, did it stink.

I sighed rather loudly. I don’t think I had to go nearly as bad as Leila did, but I sure had to go. I gazed at out streams as they splattered everywhere. I couldn’t help but be slightly amused. Two girls peeing together in a trash can. It was so absurd that who wouldn’t be entertained. Now if only we placed our hands on our private parts and pretended we were boys! That would just make the whole even worthwhile.

Nevertheless, Leila was going through something embarrassing and I needed to try and be the supportive big sister. So I retained my composure, tried to reassure her. “It’s all right. We’re doing the right thing. This is much better than having an accident!”

Leila looked at me with her tear-filled eyes and nodded.

“Look!” I pointed at our streams as they began to die down and shrivel away. “We’re all done! It’s over!”

“Finally…” Leila sobbed. “I really thought I was going to have an accident. But now I’m afraid that Mom and Dad will find about that we went potty in the trash.”

“I’ll tell them it was my idea, and then remind them that they told us we couldn’t get up.”

Of course, it was that moment right then and there when I heard our bedroom door open up and my Dad walked in to see us half-nude girls standing over a waste bin filled with pee. The look on his face was priceless. But the again, I’d wager that Leila and I had similar looks.

Well to make a long story short, we all laughed about it and how silly the whole thing was. Dad revised the rule, saying that we were allowed to get up, just not allowed to open any presents until Mom and Dad got up too. To this day, the tale of how Emma and Leila O’Neill peed in the trash can on Christmas morning remains an amusing family anecdote that gets passed around each year. To you, dear reader, I pass it on again. Tell a friend, if you wish. Either way, Merry Christmas and a happy new year!

- Emma O’Neill

