She took an Oath - Page 2

Author: Bf1fan

*025*2017-06-05 21:17

March 2003

"And so on June 28th 1914 Archduke Franz Ferdinand was shot in his car in Sarajevo, Bosnia starting World War 1 and..." 17-year old Christina Hannon listened to her Social Studies teacher going on about some country she had never even heard of. She was in a private school, which meant two hour classes and the uniforms she hated. Tan jacket, skirt, black converse and high socks; the perfect cliche.

As her teacher moaned on, Christina started to feel an international incident brewing in her bladder. She attempted to raise her head, but her teacher slamming his hand in anger over whatever country he was talking about sent her hands down as she felt a sharp ping in her bladder. She held herself through her skirt, knees rubbing up and down along each other.

When the bell finally rang, she nearly lost it as she was startled at the sound. She attempted to make her way down the hallway, but she was intercepted by one of her "enemies" Kate Packowski.

"Where you off to in such a hurry."

"Please Kate not right now I really gotta get to my next class." Christina was bouncing up and down with her legs crossed.

"No I think somebody needs a tinkle. I remember what happened to me the first day of freshman year." She was referring to the event that had caused the problems between them in the first place.

"It wasnt my fault you couldn't find the bathroom!"

"Yes but how you humiliated and mocked me afterwards was. You ain't going to any bathroom!" She was cornered against the lockers. She tried to cross her legs and hold her self but she was rapidly losing control. Everyone around her was watching her, waiting for the moment. She could the pressure mounting, her bladder began to contract and the stream started to gush out...

14 years later

"Hello? Miss Hannon?" Christina looked up. Across the table was her "temporary assistant" Natalie Peltzer.

"Sorry, I was just getting lost in my mind there."

"I think the girl is here, over there in the hood." They looked over and saw a girl in a sweatshirt with the hood up sitting across from a dorky looking kid.

"That kid is always at the store with her." Christina tried to subtly look past Natalie's head. She looked back down at her phone on the table when the boy looked over.

"That's her boyfriend, his dad is on the town council."

"Does that mean they'll be at the town party next weekend?"

"Of course."

"I think we have our opportunity to take our revenge." In her head, Christina didn't know if she wanted revenge on the girl, or if it was really Kate.

___

"Rosie, its seventy-four degrees outside and it's our first date. Take that stupid hood off." Walker looked slightly past his girlfriend's head at the two women sitting near the register.

"It can't be a coincidence that the two of them are here together."

"What would they even want with you anyways?"

"The older one is a business of some sort, she'll probably force me to push papers all day."

"C'mon, I doubt they're here for you."

"Yeah cause a woman in like her late twenties or early thirties is gonna hang out with a girl who just graduated high school less than a year ago."

"Look at me baby." He took her hand over the table. "You have nothing to worry about okay? I wouldn't let them do anything to you while I'm around." If it had been two months they had been together he'd probably be frustrated, but since it had been two days he was gung-ho on keeping her happy. "Besides, what kind of thirty something year-old woman has a grudge with a sixteen year-old?"

"You're right. I'm gonna use the bathroom really fast." She stood up from the table.

"Not on the floor this time, or your jeans? Referring to the prior two days.

"You know what? I'm not gonna go." She turned and smiled as she said it. Walker took hold of Rosie's hand led her out of the restaurant.

"You paid right?" Rosie joked.

"Nah I just decided not to."

"Wait, really?"

"Why does it say guillible on the front of the restaurant?" Rosie turned around.

"Omygawd I'm gonna hit you!" She gently slapped him.

"What? Didn't like my joke?"

"At least you paid."

"No I really didn't."

"Walker! You can't just do that!"

"You believed me again?"

"I... I'm done! Nope!" The two burst into laughter.

The two continued to walk down the sidewalk until they finally reached Walker's house. His sister Hanna was outside desperately trying to get in the front door.

"Oh my god why won't this fucking door open!" She was almost throwing herself against the door.

"You alright there?" Walker yelled up the stairs.

"Shut up asshole, stop trying to look cool in front of your girlfriend." She pulled herself off the door and placed her hands in her crotch. "I gotta pee!"

Watching Hanna hold herself reminded Rosie of her own need. She quietly crossed her legs without saying anything.

"Well, I don't have a key I was expecting you to have one and already be inside when I got home."

"I forgot okay! Don't blame me for being rushed this morning so you could be ready on time for your date!"

"I'm not blami- look just hold it okay Rosie has to pee too."

"Walker?!" Rosie gave him a light slap on his arm. Walker pulled her up real close.

"I just needed to calm her down alright." He pulled her even closer. "I'll bring you to the back yard you can pee there." The two went into Walker's backyard which was barely twenty feet.

"Kinda small don't you think?" Rosie looked down. She felt something under her sneaker. "What is that?" She lifted her foot to see a piece of green plastic sticking out of the ground.

"One of my old army soldiers. Pete, Hayden, John and I used to have wars with all of our toy soldiers in the back yard. I was the Americans, Hayden was the Chinese, John was the Russians and Pete was the North Koreans. There is probably dozens of those little things buried back here."

"Oh that's great." Rosie said sarcastically as she placed a hand on her crotch, almost stretching her athletic shorts as she crossed her legs. "Hurry please!" She wasn't going to wet herself for the third day in a row.

Fortunately, Walker's backyard turned into a forest twenty feet back. Rosie ran to get behind a tree.

"Walker, are you gonna turn around?" She was in a squating position.

"Uh, yeah, yeah." He turned and looked towards his house. He heard Rosie let out a deep sigh and pee hitting the ground. He almost started moaning as he listened to the stream hitting against the exposed tree roots. He heard Rosie pull up her shorts and he lost control and immediately pulled her close and kissed her, not caring if they stepping in pee.

In that moment, Hanna had come around the house and saw them. She attempted to say "oh my god" but her mouth moved with no noise and she stood with her legs apart. Huge mistake.

As she was struck by watching Walker and Rosie kiss, Hanna started unloading pee into her green jeans shorts without realizing it. Pee pooled at her feet going onto her feet in her sandals.

At that moment, Walker's dad arrived home. Without saying a word to his daughter who was speechless while looking down at herself, he unlocked the house and let the three go in. Hanna disappeared to her room while Rosie and Walker sat on the downstairs couch.

"Will she be okay?"

"Yeah she'll be okay, just give her time." He pulled Rosie's head up to his shoulder. "She's peed before like on car trips. Are you okay?"

"Im okay, what are we gonna do?"

"I'll see what's on the TV." And the two huddled close.

*028*2017-06-09 02:00

Next part will be out tomorrow hopefully.

*030*2017-06-10 02:07

{{10 hours ago, dudelobowski said:

Heh, this one is turning into a classic very quickly. I'm enjoying how quickly Rosie is turning into a regular wetter, maybe have a bit of an exposition scene in the next part that has her teasing Walker about how e "likes it" when she wets herself. Maybe he'll deny it at first and then cave. But I still dont get why the 30 year old lady thinks it was Rosie's fault that she wet herself.

}}

Rosie knows Walker likes seeing her desperate, he told her the first time she had an accident.

Christina doesn't blame Rosie necessarily, she just has found someone to channel her anger over what happened 14 years earlier.

Unfortunately I was not able to finish the next chapter today but tomorrow it will be done for sure.

*031*2017-06-11 02:10

"Do I look okay?" Rosie was getting picked up by Walker to go to the town's annual beginning of summer party. It was one week since Rosie's first accident and their boss had collided the store for the day.

"You... you look stunning." Rosie was in a blue dress with high heels and her hair curled.

"Lynn sent me a picture of her dress, she looks like a cherry it's so red!" Rosie jokingly mentioned her best friend.

"Yeah maybe if I had worn white we could've been the early 4th of July celebration trio."

"You kinda look like a lumberjack." Rosie pointed at Walker's plaid blue and red shirt.

"Yeah I think I underdressed. Either that or you overdressed."

"Taylor Simon looks like she's going to prom, she has a full dress on. I saw it on Instagram."

"Well, that's, that's unnecessary- we should probably like go my dad is waiting in the car, and he kinda has to be there since he's one of the hosts of the party." Walker took Rosie's hand and his dad honked the horn twice to prove his point.

The car mostly consisted of simple small talk and Walker's dad giving a long speech about responsibility. They arrived at 8:46, 15 minutes before the start of the party. Walker's dad headed inside while the two teens stood on the sidewalk in front of the catering place the town council had rented with their residents tax money.

"16+? What's the point of that?" Rosie pointed at the sign next to the door. "Seems kinda pointless, there's no alcohol here so why no children?"

"My dad is against the stupid 16+ rule but the other town board members threaten him that if it's not 16+ it'll become 18+."

The wind picked up and the June night actually became slightly cold. Rosie walked close to Walker and leaned on him. In her high heels she was about the same height as him. At 8:57 Lynn arrived with her older brothers.

"Is that Romeo and Juliet?" Lynn barked in her usual sarcastic attitude as she approached the two. Her red dress glittered in the light coming from inside the building.

"You didn't bring a guy? Your just gonna third wheel?" Rosie jokingly struck back.

"A few of those dickhead seniors tried to get me to go with them. I'm not a whore like Taylor, dressing up like prom and purposely going with the biggest and baddest senior kick to look cool."

"Well that was, blunt." Walker ironically pointed out bluntly.

"All jokes aside, you're okay with me Walker. Rosie needs a nice guy like you."

"Lynn he's taken." Noticing her friend was starting to go a little too far.

"Maybe she'll meet a dashing man at this party." Walker tried to diffuse the awkwardness.

"I'll be on the hunt." Lynn said unenthusiasticly. The trio kept going back and forth until a car pulled up and unveiled Rosie's worst nightmare.

The doors open and out stepped Christina Hannon in a dark black dress that exposed her left shoulder. Her 19-year old sidekick was noticeably missing. She approached some guys around her own age, giving Rosie a death stare every few seconds. If looks could kill, Rosie would be long wiped from the Earth.

"Ugh, it's 9:00 let's go in now." Walker noticed the opportunity to get his girlfriend out of the situation and took advantage of it. The interior was almost immaculate, the place had been made to be fit for a wedding. In the far corner, a crude wooden sign stated "bathroom" above the door.

For the first ten minutes Walker's dad and a bunch of other town council stood up and rambled on about the "Pride of our town's people" and some other nonsense no one really cared about. While the monologue took place, Walker's three friends entered the building. They saw him standing with Rosie and Lynn against the wall and came over. Right before they reached the talks ended and the place lit up with chatter.

Walker Ed saw his dad walk over and sit next to his mother who had been helping prepare the place all day, only realize his mother was crying at the sight of her little boy with a girl.

After a brief moment of turning red faced he turned back to his girlfriend and tried to ignore the embassment.

His three friends stood a few feet away from Walker, Rosie and Lynn laughing amongst themselves. Eventually, Pete came over to the three but what he did shocked them. He wasn't coming to talk to Walker or his girlfriend, he was coming to hit on Lynn.

"Hey there cutie." Pete leaned against the wall and ran his hand through his hair.

"Hey." Lynn seemed slightly off edge. "Is the bathroom available?" She pointed her finger and Walker could tell she wasn't just trying to escape. Lynn was lightly dancing her feet around.

"I dunno, why don't you ask Walker he's the one who likes the pee."

"What the hell?" Even though his girlfriend already knew he still was opposed to the idea of it being mentioned aloud by his friends.

"So that's why Rosie had me send that picture." Lynn had a lightbulb go off over her head. Walker and Rosie both stood with their faces beat red.

"Hey it's alright man, everyone has there own things that they're into, kinda like how I'm into this cutie right here." Pete turned back towards the desperate Lynn.

"I think my eventual boyfriend wouldn't approach a girl that's gotta go." Lynn crossed her legs.

"Well you're eventual boyfriend just did." Pete put on a smile, refusing to backdown.

"What are you the dashing rogue?" Lynn continued to test him, trying to see if she was gonna continue letting him come at her.

"No Im just the guy whose gonna impress you tonight." He got even closer.

"You don't have to act like one of those senior jock dicks I know you hate."

"I'm not acting like them, I'm giving you the choice."

"Alright, you know what. I'll give you your night Mr Petey." Lynn put on a defiant smile and placed her hands on her hips and went off with him.

"Well that was, odd." Walker pointed out the obvious.

"How did he get her again?" Rosie raised her eyebrow.

"Body language I've seen him do it before. I've just never seen him act so serious about it usually he goofs around with a girl more."

"Maybe he really likes her."

"I bet not as much as I like you." Walker smiled and gave Rosie a kiss.

About a half hour later Walker and Rosie went to use the restroom but found it locked. They headed outside to relieve themselves in the alleyway about twenty feet from the building with a convenient wall between them and the building. Walker relieved himself and Rosie was about to do the same when she heard loud footsteps only high heels could make. They looked around the corner to see Christina.

"Hey, what are you kids doing back there?"

"Ugh, nothing." Walker stepped out while Rosie crossed her legs behind him.

"Sounded like I heard liquid. I don't know, maybe I'm going crazy." She laughed and walked away.

"Oh my god Walker she's trying to make sure I don't pee. Is she still outside?"

"Ugh yep, she's on her cellphone next to the doorway." Walker came back from looking around the corner. "Look, you gotta stop Rosie. I doubt she's out to get you or anything okay. Just let it go."

"She wants me humiliated Walker! How have you not figured it out yet?!"

"Just stop okay! She's 31 she doesn't care about some teenager! Her little partner in crime as you thought is gone anyway you're just being rediculous!"

"No, what's ridiculous is that I'm peeing my pants for you while you discard my concerns. Are you gonna help me?

"Help you? How am I supposed to help you?"

"I know how. By not speaking to me ever again." Rosie turned and walked back into the party, Christina chuckling to herself and following behind.

"Son of a bitch!" Walker turned to the sodabottle that had been on the ground and kicked it. "God fucking damnit!" He placed his forehead on the wall next to him and covered. "Why did I have to be cursed with this fucking fetish! No convincing her to pee in the store no worry, nope could've just kept admired her from a distance which is more fun than losing her in a fucking week!" His ranting turned into sobs. He fell to his knees and placed his hands over his face.

After a few moments he heard a noise coming from the abandoned building behind him. He wiped off his face and went to investigate. He peered around inside and saw what looked a woman with a bag over her head in a white dress with her wrists tied to a pipe. The woman had a pool of urine at her crotch, most likely a result of being there so long. He carefully reached and pulled the bag from her head.

"Arrrgghhhh!" The woman shrieked from under the tape on her mouth sending Walker flying back. He readjusted himself and realized it was Natalie Peltzer. He pulled the tape from her mouth and let her speak.

"You have to stop that crazy bitch! She plans to make every female in that party pee themselves!"

"What are you talking about?"

"She used me, made it seem that she had a vendetta against your little girlfriend. She's going to humiliate every single woman and girl in there to make herself seem like the iron bladder."

"What? Why?" Walker was panicking. His mother, Rosie, and Lynn were all at risk.

"Listen to me, she's locked the bathroom and is gonna put a diuretic in all the beverages. You have to stop her!"

"Why is she doing this?"

"Something about her childhood or something. I guess as a kid she swore to never pee herself over something and wants to prove herself or something. I guess she took an oath."

"What am I supposed to do?"

"Make her break the oath!"

TO BE CONCLUDED...

*035*2017-06-13 18:43

"Still locked, crap." Rosie attempted to pull on the door again. Someone had been the bathroom for almost forty-five minutes. She leaned against the wall and crossed her legs tight.

She looked over at Pete and Lynn who were standing laughing with one another, with Lynn barely able to stand still.

"Bathroom's locked?" Rosie turned to Christina behind her. She couldn't admit it but she held a strong jealousy for the body the woman had in her tight dress.

"Umm, yeah. I've been holding it for a little while." Rosie said as she was forced to re-adjust her whole body.

"Its no fun having to pee real bad huh? I just hope the person in the bathroom here gets out in time for all the people that need the restroom." Christina put on a devilish smile.

"What do you want? I don't do anything to you okay?" Rosie's voice held a strong sense of urgency in it due to her extreme need.

"When I was a girl I was forced to pee myself in front of everyone at school as some girl's sick payback for me making fun of her wetting herself, and now two weeks ago you deny me a restroom in your store causing me to pee myself in my car, and causing me to have a wet spot that some perverted fuck in a hood took a picture of the next week."

"I didn't cause that! I peed myself you watched it happen!"

"Oh yes you peed yourself for your little pervert boyfriend, how cute. Why don't you try having to drive home for 45 minutes in wet underwear being reminded of your childhood torment. Now you are gonna humiliate yourself here, as is your little friend in the red dress and as will all the poor people who drink from the punch." Christina ended her mologue and looked over at the punch bowl. "Say anything, and tickle you until your bladder explodes right now." She turned and walked over the bowl. She reached into her purse and pulled out a small bag most likely filled with crushed up diuretic pills.

Rosie cupped both of her hands over her crotch, desperately trying to hold on. She carefully stepped from foot and foot, which was not easily with both high heels and a full bladder.

In that moment, Walker came into the building. He looked Rosie dead in the eyes and ran over to her.

"Babe I'm so sorry!" He gave her a hug. "I found her partner tied up outside we gotta stop her. She has the keys to the bathroom."

"What are we gonna do?" Rosie was almost unable to stand.

"Uhhh, uh I need you to distract her okay?"

"How do I do that?"

"Just try to keep her attention." The two made their way over to where Christina was standing.

"Hey, you know I should tell you a story about me peeing." Rosie got Christina's attention.

"Oh really? What's that?"

"Well you see, when I was twelve..." Walker snuck around Christina. He saw something at her rear end and grabbed for it.

"What the fuck? This pervert just touched my ass!" Christina screamed, getting the attention of everyone in the party.

"Hey, Walker Mitchell what's going on here!" It was Walker's dad.

"Everybody, this woman has put diuretics in the punches and is waiting for you all to drink it."

"Why would you say something so stupid? Why would I want to do that?" Unfortunately, Christina had fairly decent acting skills.

"Because you want to humiliate everyone in here to justify yourself over something that happened years ago. If you say there's no diuretics in the punch, why won't you drink a cup?"

"Walker you stop this right now!" His father yelled again furiously.

"I believe him. And I say she should have a drink!" Pete said.

"So do I!" Said John, Hayden and Lynn. A few people around them started to agree and soon most in the party had rallied.

"Go on, have a drink." Walker did his best Vana White imitation with his arms.

"Fine, I'll have a drink." Christina took a full plastic cup full and downed it in one gulp. Walker stood watching while Rosie stood fidgeting behind him.

Within in sixty seconds Christina started to look anxious and bite her lip. Walker did a hand signal behind him while Rosie and Lynn escaped outside to relieve themselves.

After about 100 seconds Christina crossed her legs and had to wipe sweat off her brow. Walker noticed her hand starting to twitch. She looked up at the ceiling and started to mouth something.

At three minutes Christina nearly toppled backwards when her heel almost landed wrong on the floor as she stepped back. She closed her eyes tight and looked at the floor.

"You win! I did it! I did i! I put diuretics in the punch!" She turned and walked as quickly as se could to the bathroom. She reached back for the stolen bathroom keys. "What?!" She reached into her pocket but there was nothing.

"Looking for something?" Walker dangled the keys in his hand, revealing why he had gone behind her bum.

"Shit, shit." She attempted to sprint outside but an elderly man held the door shut alongside Rosie and Lynn. "Someone stop this insanity!" She yelled as the partygoers bombarded her with unsympathetic looks.

"You stand alone." Walker's father firmly stated. Christina grabbed at her crotch and stepped around all around her but her bladder was winning.

"Aggghhhhhhhh!" The woman's urethra unleashed the yellow flood into her panties and Christina was defeated.

Police sirens were heard outside. Several officers entered the building alongside Natalie who had a jacket wrapped around her waist.

"Christina Hannon you are under arrest for the kidnapping of Natalie Peltzer!" One of the officers yelled before escorting her out in handcuffs. Walker and Rosie following slightly behind watching. Right before she loaded into the car, a female police officer clearly of high rank held up her hand.

"Let her go." The woman ordered the two officers escorting her.

"Kate?" Christina looked up.

"I never wanted it too come to this Christina. All I had wanted back in High School was to redeem myself, clearly now you wanted the same thing. But I found revenge isn't the answer. I'm offering you a pardon, as I feel you've already faced your punishment. Leave this city and never come back."

"Uhh, yes, yes." Christina ran to her car and drove off.

"You kids okay?" One of the officers asked Walker and Rosie.

"Yeah we're fine, could we just have a moment?"

"Uhh, yeah of course." He walked away.

"Rosie, I, I'm sorry I'll do anything to make it up to you okay?" He placed his hands on her waist.

"You already have made it up to me Walker." She smiled before the two leaned in and kissed.

"Rosie, I love you."

"I love you too." They took each other's hands and walked inside.

"What's this?" Walker pointed at Pete and Lynn who were also holding hands.

"It just happened you know. She asked me and I said yes." Pete said confidently.

"You asked me Peter." Lynn give him a light tap on the elbow.

"Been a long time since I heard someone call him Peter."

"There's for everything huh." The four shared one big hug before Hayden and John joined in.

"I'm proud of you son." Walker's dad came over.

"My little bo... I mean my grown up man." Walker's mom came in.

"It wasn't just me, it was you people, thank you; all of you." Walker looked around at everyone at the party.

"Whose gonna clean up the pee?" Someone asked before they all erupted in laughter.

Six months later

"Merry Christmas!" Walker yelled the passerbyer going past his house. Him and Rosie were outside in Santa hats.

"Kids, why don't you come inside it's freezing out here!" Walker's mom yelled.

"One second mom!" He yelled before leaning in to whisper something to Rosie.

"I made cookies!" His mom yelled.

"I guess that second just got a whole lot shorter." He said and the two went inside. His dad and Hanna were arguing about something jokingly.

"You're making that up dad, I'm not stupid."

"No you can ask Walker a woman peed herself during the start of summer party."

"I think you're full of shit dad."

"Language!" Walker's mom shouted before turning to Walker and Rosie. "You two gonna have some? These are warm and fresh."

"Heck yeah." Walker said before sitting down.

About ten ten minutes later the couple went back outside but behind the house this time. They got behind a tree and Walker laid down next to a tree while Rosie stood with her legs spread above him in her skirt.

"Ready?" Walker asked her.

"Yep." Rosie replied before letting her stream loose.

THE END

*038*2017-06-13 22:30

{{1 hour ago, drummerdevil said:

Wait thats the end of this story? Like completely? NOOOOOOOOOOOOO

}}

I'm open to continuing it eventually, I just wanted to take a break for now to expand my horizons.

