Desperate at the Theatre

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2013-11-29 22:12

The idea of peeing on stage popped into my head and I thought I'd start writing and see where the story went!

I ended up with a naked woman peeing on stage, her friend peeing backstage and the two of them taking on their tyrant of a director in her office, strange where your mind can take you!

Here's chapter one for you all. The rest of the story is bundled with Desperate at the Bookshop here

. In the bookshop, an employee opens a box of new books to find a watersports photo book with one model looking a lot like her boss who finds her looking at the pictures and wonders if she wants to reenact the scene for real.

Hope you like it!

Luna

Chapter 1 – About To Go On Stage

The crowd are all shouting, a sound I normally love to hear when I’m standing on stage in the middle of a performance. But this time I want nothing more than the curtain to fall forever, end the excruciating embarrassment I feel about what’s happened.

I’ve performed in a lot of shows in my time. I’ve been acting since school and I love it. I’ve sung, I’ve danced, I’ve even mimed (don’t tell anyone). But this latest production is one I want to erase from my memory and never ever think about again.

This show was all about the dancing, we were 30 women glammed up in shimmering leotards, the choice of our director, Abbey Goodwin. You’ve heard of her, right? Anyway as you may or may not know leotards and tights combined make it very difficult to use the bathroom. You have to manhandle the whole combo off, perching half naked above the toilet and losing any sense of glamour and decorum, wondering if the Hollywood stars ever had to pee half naked in a toilet so tiny your knees bang against the door when you sit down.

I normally get to the bathroom before the show starts and again during the interval but today was just one disaster after another. Two of the cubicles in the ladies were out of order, leaving one for the entire cast and crew. I always got nervous before any show, making me need to pee more often than when I was at home. I wasn’t the only one too as when I got to the theatre there was already a queue outside the toilet.

I thought I could wait until I got changed so I sat down in the shared dressing room and stripped out of my clothes, feeling as self conscious as I always did at being naked surrounded by other women all apparently slimmer and more attractive than me. I often found myself glancing at their different bodies, comparing myself to them. Some had better breasts, some almost flat chested. Some had shaved pussies, others hairier than I ever thought possible. But I thought they all looked amazing compared to me. I’ve had a lot of compliments about my body but I’ve never really believed them.

There was one person there who I often looked at more than the others. Her name was Charlotte and she was absolutely stunning. Taller than me, slim legs and narrow hips, pert breasts and her nipples were permanently erect, sticking out from her chest in such a way they made me want to tweak them between my fingers, my mind just went crazy with the idea of grabbing her boobs and groping them as she arched her neck back and opened her mouth to gasp softly.

My fantasies always stayed that way, in my head and not shared with anyone. I just took any chance I could to glance at her as she changed, facing the wall as always did, she pulled on her tights, little knowing that bending away from me like that gave me a perfect view of her ass and pussy. She was almost touching the floor with her fingers as she struggled to get her tights onto her foot, legs spread just enough to make my own pussy ache with desire. I never imagined things going any further with her which just goes to show how wrong you can be.

When I’d changed into my leotard for the show I decided to try the toilet again but there was still an enormous queue. I joined the back of it and as we shuffled slowly forwards Charlotte came to stand behind me.

“You look desperate,” I said, observing her wriggling on the spot, one leg bobbing up and down as she stared at the long, long line.

“I am, I was late getting here. Traffic was awful. Why’s there such a big wait?”

“Only one working. You can go in front of me if you like.” My bladder grumbled a protest at my generosity but I easily ignored it.

“Thank you!” she said, moving past me and bouncing on the spot, just inches from my hands. I could so easily have reached out and slid my hand over her bottom, it was torture.

As I watched she tugged at the edge of her leotard, pulling it tightly upwards to help control the desperation she was obviously feeling. This gave me an incredible view of her ass and a hint of the edge of her labia as she stretched and released the fabric over and over again.

I stared happily, daydreaming about reaching out and touching her, feeling the softness of her skin, the folds of her pussy, the round pertness of her bottom. My body was groaning at me to get to a bathroom but there was nothing I could do about it so I focussed on my thoughts of touching Charlotte.

With three people left to go in the queue the one minute bell rang for the performance to start. We had to get to the stage. There was a collective moan from everyone in the queue but we all knew time had run out for now.

I rushed on stage with Charlotte in the nick of time, the curtain coming up as we took our positions. I could see her discomfort and it mirrored my own. She was close to wetting herself, hardly able to keep still for the frozen pose we were supposed to maintain throughout the first scene as the other performers worked round us.

Charlotte’s face was bright red with concentration; I could see her toes scrunching up against the wooden stage as the minutes ticked by, the audience intently watching the performance.

By the interval I knew I couldn’t hold my pee in any more, almost running off the stage when the curtain fell but still getting to the toilet behind a long line of my colleagues. I knew I couldn’t wait in line, it was about to come out any second.

I pushed through doors, peering in, looking for an empty room to go in. I ended up getting lost down a long corridor with steps up at the end, topped by an unlocked door. I ran up the steps and through the door, finding myself in darkness. I could hear the audience talking and knew they must be nearby but I didn’t think any more about it, I was too desperate.

Pulling at the shoulders of my leotard I brought it down over my chest and past my hips, pushing it off with my tights and stepping out of both to ensure I didn’t get any pee on my costume. I was jumping around on the spot as I did this, so close to losing control.

I squatted down just as I heard Charlotte’s voice nearby.

“Bella, are you there?”

I jumped up and seeing another door, shoved it open, diving through just in time.

I recognised where I was but it took a second for my brain to process the information. It was too humiliating to contemplate. As my mind whirred I realised as if waking up from sleep. I was on stage.

I hoped I was wrong but I looked up to see the audience staring at me, a sea of shocked faces staging at my naked body. I was too ashamed to move, frozen like a rabbit in headlights as the glare of the spotlights almost blinded me.

*002*2013-12-10 16:47

{{: 

You know, I can't help but notice a certain similarity between this chapter and another story that I've seen in various other places over the years, sometimes passed off as a real incident and sometimes not so much. If you don't mind my asking, could that perhaps also be your work?

}}

The princess and the pee isn't one of mine but I based my story on what I was told was a true story by a friend of mine who used to work at a theatre. It seems it was one of those friend of a friend urban legends rather than the true story I thought it was. In the version I was told a dancer at the theatre was fooled into thinking the stage area was an empty back stage room and someone deliberately lifted the curtain as a joke when they saw her peeing in there. I changed the events to fit the story better about hiding from the theatre manager and then getting revenge on her aferwards but am kicking myself to find out what I thought was a true story has clearly been doing the rounds for some time! And "The Princess and the pee" is a catchier story title too! I wonder how old the original story is as I was told it when I was at uni which was in 1999!

*005*2013-12-18 14:46

{{: 

Yeah, this looks really interesting :)

}}

Thanks, glad you like the look of it!

