Careless Distraction

Author: Meowth

*000*2010-08-24 01:40

For those who have not ever seen Winry, there are pictures at the bottom. Please bear in mind, there are certain specifics left out for you, the reader. The things that come to mind would be details on her panties, her age (which standard is 15-18), and all the puns I made. I figured it was preferred like that.

It was around midday when Winry was wondering around her house, searching for a little box that held the very size bolt she needed. Oddly enough, she found herself sifting through the garbage in the kitchen drawers.

“Come on! Where are you?” Winry said to herself, as she continued to hunt, slowly getting more annoyed at the fantastic amount crap she was now realizing they had. Normally, she would have just asked her Grandmother Pinako where they were hidden, but unfortunately, Pinako was not there, and had in fact left to by more necessary parts. Normally, Winry loved the idea of more to work with, but at the moment, she was more concerned with those bolts that were totally stopping her progression on her auto-mail, and more parts, meant more things to sift through in the future. After about 15 minutes of scouring the depths of the house, she absolutely could not find the bolts, although she knew she had seen them somewhere. She decided to simply sit down, and enjoy a cup of tea. She was getting to worked up over those bolts anyways.

After drinking her glass of tea, she sat in the kitchen, thinking about where the bolts could be. At this point, she was starting to get a need to pee. She had been drinking tea quite a bit all day on behalf of the heat, and due to the fact the tea was making her pee quite frequently, she was in no mood to head to the bathroom for the millionth time today just because of a slight urge, so she ignored it. She rested her head on her hand, and at that same moment, she looked over, only to see the bolts sitting on the counter top.

“I finally found them!” She yelled enthusiastically, totally forgetting her need for the toilet as she quickly grabbed them and ran upstairs. Winry was dressed in her typical work attire, a black tube top, with beige cargo style pants, a black bandana on her head covering her long black hair tied in a ponytail, with her beige workers jacket hanging up in her closet instead of tied around her waist, since the last thing she wanted was more clothing on in that weather.

After bolting upstairs she quickly went over to her mostly bare, prototype, auto-mail arm and took a seat at the table it had been placed on; excited she could finally get on with her work. As she worked with the arm, she took progressive drinks from her water bottle, but as time went on, her need to pee slowly increased, and with it, her thirst decreased. Of course now though, she had drunk so much tea and water, the damage had been done. She continued to work on her arm as her need to relieve her bladder steadily progressed, and her legs took turns shaking.

A normal person would have just put the arm down, and headed for the toilet ASAP, but not her. She was dedicated, and was often called obsessed. She certainly lived up to her title as an ‘auto-mail otaku’ and continued to work on that arm. Granted she knew she would have to stop eventually to realize her aching bladders call for relief. I mean, she wasn’t going to pee her pants, she wasn’t a little girl anymore, but at the same time, she was perfectly willing to hold off as long as she could, and tempt fate with an accident (even if she never imagined she could actually have one) if it meant getting that arm to where she was comfortable with it.

As time went on, the pressure increased, not only on her bladder, but the pressure to get to a certain point with her auto-mail arm before she bolted to the bathroom. She didn’t know why it mattered so much, but she just felt like she needed to do it. Maybe she was more like a little girl then she thought… She didn’t have time to think about, or care, about how mature her actions were, she was more focused on that arm. At this point, the pressure in her lower stomach was getting very powerful, and she could feel it right at the edge of her womanhood, ready to pour out any second. She had her legs mashed together; moving in uneven intervals to help relieve the pressure, but it wasn’t working too well. It was getting to the point where nothing helped. The occasional distracting bead of sweat forming, and the shaking hands were also slowing her down. It was a very counterintuitive side affect.

She knew she was close to completing this stage of the arm, but she didn’t know how much longer she could hold it. She could feel her lower muscles getting closer and closer to giving way, and it seemed that every once in awhile, she would lose control for a split second, just managing to pull back on her tired muscles, preventing a flood. Now she was going slower because she was standing and dancing around, and often stopping just to grab her crotch and kneel down for a second to help alleviate the need.

It seemed like forever, but she seemed to finally get the arm finished. She moved it around little bit to test the flexibility, but after all that, it was really second priority at this point. She quickly, but carefully set the arm down on the mat and started to run to the bathroom, slightly blushing at the fact she had waited this long to go. Unable to run at full speed with her thighs still together, and her hand putting as much pressure on her womanhood as possible to help keep from losing control, she did her best to make it to the bathroom, which was luckily close. She ran in, slamming the door behind her. She quickly stood in front of the toilet, legs shaking, and unable to keep from bouncing as she undid her button. A second before she got her button undone, she felt her bladder spasm and she suddenly lost complete control over her muscles.

She felt a large, powerful, spurt of pee escape, sending a warm liquid out, drenching her panties, putting a small wet spot right on her crotch, and sending a small stream of warm pee cascading down her leg. She pulled back on her muscles with all her might, granting her a few mere seconds, and she knew that they were about to release again, and when they did, she would begin to pee, on the toilet or not, and she wasn’t going to be able to stop it until she was totally done. Luckily, that was enough to push her pants and panties to her thighs, just past her womanhood as her muscles released and she peed in to the toilet. Winry almost moaned the release felt so fantastic. It felt more like masturbation then peeing, and she just wished she could have peed faster so it felt better.

Unfortunately, this victory was short lived, for after only a few short seconds, she noticed something odd next to her. To her utter dismay, sitting next to her on the counter top, watching her predicament was a cockroach, almost conveniently resting right behind a small bottle of cleaning solution, so she didn’t notice it when she came it. Without any thought, she clenched the muscles in her bladder as she screamed, stopping the urine flow, as she grabbed her pants, yanked them up, and spun around to face it, pressed against the wall. As Winry stood in horror of the tiny monster, she remembered how powerful her urge to pee had been. Rather, she was reminded of its power. She could feel the vast amount of pee in her pressing to get out, as the pressure on her muscles became uncontrollable.

She felt a squirt of pee escape, quickly leading up to her total loss of bladder control. She could only stand, helplessly, staring at her toilet, as her bladder emptied into her pants. It didn’t take her long to realize she was better off peeing herself in the tub, then on the floor. So she climbed in her tub, keeping her eye on the odd looking roach which had not moved at all, as she peed heavily through her panties, drenching her cargo pants, making a more and more complete stain by the second. She noticed a small puddle on the bathroom floor where the urine had managed to run down a leg. Nothing she couldn’t easily clean up. Winry was more concerned about that roach though. The more she looked at it, the weirder it appeared. Suddenly, it dawned on her. The roach was a fake! Pinako must have put it there as a joke.

Winry, very irritated by the joke, looked down at her soaked pants. She simply watched the pee run down the inside of the pants legs, glistening wherever it ran, until it finally poured off of her foot on to the tub, as a the sound of a subtle ‘hiss’ filled the room. After what seemed like an eternity of peeing, she began to peel her soaked cargo pants, and panties, off. She slipped them down her legs, trying to keep them out of the puddle she had left running down the tub. Eventually, she just dropped them on the tub floor in a pile. She climbed out, turned on the water, and let the clean water wash away her accident. Wanting to get in the shower herself, she quickly left the bathroom to grab some clean clothes, not forgetting to discard the fake roach in the process. She went to her room and pulled out some clean panties, plus a long t-shirt.

After doing everything she needed to do in the bathroom, she got dressed, and headed down stairs for some water. At that moment, Pinako walked in carrying a bag of an assortment of things.

“Winry! I’m back! Why did you get a shower so early?” Pinako asked Winry, observing the wet hair and change of clothes.

“Well… I don’t really want to talk about it.” Winry thought as she headed back up stairs, she wasn’t very thirsty anyways.

I hope you enjoyed the story. Comments and extreme criticism are both welcome.

Oh, and please inform me of any typo's. Thank you.

*002*2010-08-24 21:43

{{: 

She was so close! I loved this story, very well done and a good read. As far as typos...

As her need to relive her bladder - should be relieve.

But it wasn’t working to well - should be too

That's all I could find without extensive searching.

}}

Thanks for the compliment, as well as for informing me of the typos. I fixed them.

*004*2010-09-13 01:00

{{: 

Nice story, i loved the roach addition, that was hilarious! on a side note, was the site down for like a week or was it just me?

}}

Thank you. And yes, the site was down.

*005*2010-09-27 22:54

{{: 

I loved this one! I have seen a few doujins involving Winry, and I have to admit she's definitely one of my favorite female anime characters ^^

(Kenshin loves tomboys, heheh)

It was very creative, I loved the roach addition. I think you should make another chapter for sure. Maybe have her enjoy the wetting experience more?

(Kenshin hints at the fact that he wants a masturbation scene, but doesn't know if anyone else here would enjoy that)

}}

Thanks. I may add another chapter. Honestly, I think Winry is a little underrated.

And I'm sure I could add in a masturbation scene. I've written stories with them before.

