Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 14

Author: omobecca

*329*2021-08-22 23:36

Night Wets

The lift doors slid shut.

Lula exhaled slowly and rubbed her palms over her eyes, slipping her fingers through her fringe. The lift jolted to a halt. Panicked, Lula pulled her hands from her face and spun, staring at the four walls around her. The lights had gone out. The floor numbers on the panel were dimly lit green. What floor was I on? Where… where am I going? Wait what?

Lula instinctively pushed all the buttons. Each clicked and turned orange. Her breathing got heavier. She wiped over the buttons again and again. Nothing. She took a step back and frantically looked around. She slammed her hands against the cold metal wall in front of her. Lula rubbed around trying to find the doors. She was gasping aloud trying not to whimper. Eventually she could feel the rigid lined pattern beneath her fingers. Another orange glow; but it was tall and between the two doors. Lula punched at the metal causing a loud echo.

“Hello!?” Anyone!?” she yelled out helplessly. The glow between the doors was getting brighter. Panting, Lula placed her hand right against the door. She winced and immediately pulled it away. Her fingers and palm were red raw. Her skin peeled. Blisters sat in the creases of her fingers. Tears filled her eyes as she grabbed her wrist in agony. The glow was getting hotter. Lula coughed. Smoke began to trickle through the crack between the doors. Lula coughed again. She could feel sweat pour down her face. She wanted to scream but didn’t dare open her mouth. The smoke was getting thicker and crack between the doors hotter.

I’m going to burn. Burn to death. Fuck. Fuck Fuck. Fuck.

Lula took a step backwards away from the doors. The lift tilted backwards. Lula stumbled. The lift tilted some more. The doors and the glow rose up in front of her as the floor fell backwards. There was nothing to hold on to. Lula felt her shoes scrape against the floor of the lift as she lost her footing, slipping the falling downwards. Flames engulfed the upturned lift as she fell away from it. The rush of air rushed past her as the flaming box disappeared into the darkness. Lula felt her ears pop and skin tickle as she continued to fall. Her arms and legs flailed above her. Everything was black. She seemed to be falling faster. Lula felt her heart pound against her chest. Her heartbeat echoed through her head. She fought the pressure of the fall and struggled to open her eyes. The darkness above her was surrounded by a light. It seemed to be falling towards her. As she opened her eyes fully, the dark shape rushed down and the surrounding light spread outwards.

A… lid?

It all seemed to happen at once. The black shape above her slammed down with a loud, bellowing thud as Lula fell into a pile of soft, cushioned silk. The impact of the fall and the sound of the thud caused Lula to take a sharp inhale of breath.

Lula sat bolt up right. She pushed her arms away but they were stuck under her duvet. She was murmuring as she took short, quick breaths. Her face was wet from sweat. Her baggy t shirt clung to her collarbone. Slowly, she was recognising the small red glow from the bottom of her TV and the white light from her laptop charging on the floor. She stayed upright for a while trying to compose herself. All she could hear was herself breathing, worried her parents would hear. Driving her face into her hands, Lula felt beads of sweat form between her fingers. She quickly pulled her hands away. The build up of hot air felt like it was suffocating her. She clung to her chest and winced as the sweat dripped over her eyes. Phlegm built up at the back of her throat which she had to keep coughing up.

Lula had no idea how long the moment lasted. She wanted to cry but feared making more noise. Luckily, no one had heard her. She leaned over the side of her bed and used an old tshirt to wipe her face. Her fringe was rough but her bun had stayed mostly intact. With a shaky hand, Lula grabbed the glass at her bedside, taking shallow sips of the lukewarm water. As her lips wettened, some water dribbled down her chin and between her crossed legs. Strangely, the water felt smooth down her chin compared to the sticky sweat on her forehead. She put the glass back and rubbed over the droplets on her sheet.

There wasn’t much of a mess; and the mattress protector would have absorbed most of it. Her hands then went straight to her pyjama shorts. They sat loosely atop the diaper which crinkled as she pressed against it. She felt the inside gently move against her ladyhood. Trying to take her mind off the panic attack, Lula closed her eyes and tried to indulge on the feeling of the diaper. Was it wet? Eh, sort of. Damp. A small leak. Probably happened as while she felt like she was falling. The inside of both her thighs were bone dry so nothing had leaked, confirming it was mostly dry.

With her breathing back down to a normal rate, Lula laid back down. She quickly pulled her tshirt off. The damp front was too uncomfortable against her chest. She threw it across her room but couldn’t see where it landed. She laid there bare chested with her duvet covering her lower legs. As her eyes adapted to the dark she could just make out the shape of her breasts rising and falling as she breathed. She closed her eyes again and tried to relax and maybe fall asleep again. She left her hands perched over her belly.

As everything seemed to calm down, Lula could feel the slightest of breezes over her nipples. She twitched and wiggled her fingers. Her fingertips tickled her skin. She could never explain why, but always knew that she would feel horny after a panic attack. Maybe it was the process of calming down. Maybe it was a state she felt comfortable in, certainly on her own. Maybe it was a coping mechanism? A way to feel back in control of her body? She shivered as her vagina tensed and a pulse of pins and needles spread outwards. There was no denying what she wanted to do next. She knew it would be okay. She had done it before.

Multiple times in fact in the last few weeks. That’s what the diapers were for; and the mattress protector. She tickled her belly with her fingertips one more time before arching her back slightly and releasing the tension in her stomach. A torrent of pee immediately left her and forced its way into the diaper. The silence of her room was broken as the subdued pooling sound filled her ears. The warmth built up around her vagina and quickly spread outwards and down towards her backside. The pee felt pleasurably hot as it left her. She imagined the steam building up inside the diaper like wetting on a cold night. Lula grabbed her breasts and began to squeeze her nipples. She let out an innocent moan. She felt the soggy diaper against her skin as she arched her back some more.

*vrrbt vrrbt*

Lula let out a high pitched squeal as her phone vibrated. The screen shone white and lit up her room. She tensed and stopped the floor, instinctively covering herself with the duvet. As the screen went black she leaned over and unplugged it.

Rosie: “Can’t sleep. It happened again”

Fuucckk.

Lula calmed her breathing once more.

Did she just send this? Or is this from earlier? No… she did just send it. It? It happened?

Lula: “Same. What’s up?”

Rosie: “Wow didn’t expect you to reply”

Lula: “Nightmares again”

Rosie: “Aww babes. But yeah. IT”

Lula: “Like do you want a balloon sort of IT?”

Rosie: “No you dick. Big wet. Lots of pee. Can’t fucking control it”

Oh fuck. Is she worse off than me? I know we… did… this… before the fire… but now we’re both suffering?

Lula: “Oh sorry”

Rosie: “Don’t be. Just fucking shit. How you doing?”

Lula: “Well”

She didn’t mean to press send but did.

Rosie: “Well… happened to you as well hasn’t it?”

Lula felt her face go red. Even after all this time she would still feel embarrassed if it was an accident. But this wasn’t so why did she feel it?

Rosie: “I take that as a yes”

Lula: “Yeah”

She nervously typed her answer with her thumbs hovering above the screen.

Lula gasped as the picture appeared on the screen. Rosie had sent an image of her bed. Her legs were down either side of the picture and a dark patch between them. The flash from her phone made the creases in her sheet glow white where it had been freshly soaked. Lula could just make out the shine of pee against Rosie’s thighs. Lula shifted her weight as she tensed again. Her crotch felt like it was pulsating as she realised she had stopped her flow. She didn’t know if it was in the heat of the moment or just to repay the favour Rosie had just sent, but Lula angled her phone to send a similar picture.

Her room instantly lit up and went back to darkness. The picture appeared in the chat. Both Lula’s legs were down the side of the screen and the white of the diaper could be seen poking out above the waistband of her pink shorts and slightly out the sides where they had been pulled up. Her black sheet appeared dry… because it was. Lula never sent pictures. She instantly regretted it. Being horny and tired and recently panicked was a strange mindset to be in. She carelessly untensed and let the last of the pee slither into the soaked padding of the diaper.

Rosie: “Cute”

Lula: “Shut up”

Rosie: “I win for wetness”

Lula: “Put one on as well then”

Rosie: “I don’t wanna”

Lula: “Neither do I”

Rosie: “Don’t then”

Lula: “Don’t want the mess”

Rosie: “Yeah well I’m used to it aren’t I”

Lula: “I suppose”

Rosie: “And to think we do this for fun”

Lula: “Did”

There was a pause. It felt awkward. Rosie had a point. They did wet for fun. Lula knew how it made her feel but still wasn’t completely sure if it was a fetish for Rosie or just a convenience. She has assumed fetish for a long time now but never found the courage to ask. She just went with it. They both accepted it so why make it more awkward than it needed to be?

And Sakura… she embraced… not embraced… tried? Felt pressured? Nah. Tried it too? Not on purpose. Not like us. But wasn’t bothered by it? And now we all… wear nappies? Wear… Have to use… Ugh.

Rosie: “Well I’m gonna try sleep again”

Lula: “Same”

Rosie: “Don’t let the wet bed bugs bite”

Lula: “Same to you”

Rosie didn’t respond.

She still sounds like herself when she messages. Funny. Bubbly. Confident. But in real life… quiet. Angry. Frustrated. Broken.

Lula sighed. She had no idea how to help Rosie recently. She still felt like Rosie was pissed off with Sakura. Sakura hadn’t been messaging much. She still felt guilty. Rightly so… Lula sometimes thought to herself. But she hated that. They were all to blame. The fire she didn’t care about but Beth… They all felt guilty. Sakura the most though.

The mood had disappeared. Lula laid back in her soaking wet and warm diaper with her duvet resting over her waist. About another twenty minutes passed as she aimlessly scrolled through Tiktok. Lula plugged her phone back onto charge and sat up with her legs over the side of her bed. She felt her belly compress at the waistband of her shorts and the padding beneath her squish against her skin. She shifted slightly to feel it move. She began to throb again. She rummaged over her floor for a dry tshirt and pulled it over her shoulders before lying back down. She pushed as hard as she could.

Another stream rushed out of her and leaked into the diaper. She moaned at the fresh spread of warm pee. Lula pushed a hand beneath her shorts and pulled at the outside of the diaper. Usually she’d have worn some underwear but she was coming to terms with the fact her parents knew, and wanted, her to wear the protection at night. The squeezed the padding in her hand and felt the contents ooze inside. The outside of the diaper was warm but smooth. She pushed her hand lower towards her backside and indented diaper with her fingers.

She played for a few minutes before she felt a jolt in her waist and a heavy pulse throb from her vagina. She didn’t want to put her hand into the diaper so not to make a mess, but pushed and rubbed over the top of it. The familiar feeling of the saturated padding filled her with butterflies. Admittedly, the picture of Rosie’s legs either side of the giant wet patch flashed through her mind a few times. In the darkness of her bedroom, a gentle rustling plastic sound muffled beneath her duvet.

