The Tale of The Leak-Prone Adventurers - Page 2

Author: Keita123

*027*2022-04-19 07:20

Inside the tavern, Nexi quickly took one of the corner tables. After giving a quick look of the menu, she rang the bell put there, calling the waitress over.

"Coming, Miss!"

The girl who approached the table was the twin sister of the girl from before. She wore pretty much the same outfit as hers, with the difference only being the dark apron she wore in front of her brown skirt.

"What will it be, Miss?"

She had a small notebook and a pen on her hands, ready to joy down the order she gave her.

"Yes, I would like the vegetable soup with some bread on the side, please. Oh, and a cup of jasmine tea as well."

"On it, Miss!"

She swiftly wrote her two orders down before walking away, giving Nexi a nice view of her behind. That, and the fact that she had a wet spot just where her faucet should be.

Hmm, how curious… She needs to pee too yet she wasn't fidgeting like her sister. She might just be better at holding it.

… Oh, nevermind… that tense gait… that's her telltale tale that she was bursting…

She shook her head. Poor thing. How could their mother do this to them?

She didn't offer her help this time, however. She didn't know the slightest thing about becoming a waitress after all.

ㅤ

Soon after, the girl returned with her tray. She served the tea first, followed by the soup and bread.

"Here we are!" She smiled, pressing the now empty tray to the front of her dress. "Anything else, Miss?"

"No. That would be all."

With a curtsy, the waitress excused herself. She left her on her own, with the wet patch on her bum twice the size it was before.

Nexi sighed. She only hoped she made it all the way through the morning rush.

ㅤ

The elf sat there for about an hour or so, taking her time with her meal and drink. Especially the latter. She found the taste absolutely delicious, to the point that she drank another cup. And another. And another. Until she had five cups in total.

As for the poor waitress, she was thankfully relieved by her mother soon (no pun intended), though not before she had to waddle to the privy, leaving a trail of pee behind her that her mother had to mop.

She let out a sigh, putting down her final cup. It was time for her to leave.

Tch.

The moment she stood, she felt a pang on her bladder. That's right. I haven't relieved myself this morning. And jasmine tea does have a strong diuretic effect…

She bit her lip, cursing herself for losing control by ordering that many cups. She just couldn't help it. She loved the taste that much.

Before she could leave for the privy, however, she had to pay for her meal first.

Her eyes scanned the room. The older woman wasn't there. How odd.

Well, I'll just pay later. For now, relief.

Now, where is the privy? I was pretty sure the bursting waitress went this direction…

She walked to the back of the tavern. And there, in the corridor that linked it with the kitchen, she found it–the privy.

Only, there were already three women standing in line for their turn: two were adventurers like her while the last one was the mother of the bursting twin from before.

I guess she needs to go as well…

…

No. I can't be bothered. I'll just hold it until I'm on the road. I'll do my business there.

She was no stranger to peeing outside after all.

ㅤ

She made her way to the front desk, paying for her meal there. With a smile, the girl there thanked her, wishing her luck in her adventurers. She had yet to forget her save after all.

Once outside, she made her way to the south wall. There should be a small gate there that directly led to the short mountain passage that would bring you to the ruins.

When she arrived there, she was greeted by the sight of a closed gate, with guards standing around, giving her a look of suspicion.

She raised her eyebrows. Did something happen? Why was the gate closed?

Unfortunately for her, she miscalculated one thing.

She needed a permission to enter said ruins.

You couldn't just walk there and go pass the gate. The ruins were considered a treasure of the city. As such, only authorized people were allowed to visit and research it.

When she walked up to the nearest guard and asked, that was the answer she received.

A-a permit? Are you serious? Who does that with a ruin? Those were constructed by my forefathers. You humans can't just forbid me from accessing it!

… was what she wanted to yell to the guard. But she stopped herself. No point in doing so. It would just get herself arrested.

"Go to the city hall if you want a permit." The guard then said.

The city hall?

She groaned silently. The city hall was smack dab in the center of the city. She would have to walk all the way back there. Took her half an hour to get here. Not to mention that her need to pee was getting pretty bad to the point she was squirming as she spoke to the guard.

But, she had no choice. She didn't see any privy around. She had to wait yet again until she made it to the town hall.

ㅤ

The return trip ended up being a lot worse on her. The nagging had turned into actual, overpowering need that demanded to be taken care of. She had to stop multiple times just to press her hands between her legs or else she risked a leak. The chilly morning wind didn't help matters either, blowing up her skirt every chance it got.

Oh how she regretted leaving the inn without relieving herself.

*030*2022-04-22 08:19

The city hall stood like a towering golem; a massive behemoth of five floors made out of smooth rock and marble. A lot of taxpayer's money had gone to its construction, and a lot of dwarven sweat as well. A castle of bureaucracy; a symbol of power and wealth. All thanks to the mayor who had ruled for the last twenty long years.

When Nexi arrived, she had to first climb up the welcoming series of steps to the front door. Guards stood to the left and right like scarecrows, unmoving and unflinching even as the wind battered them. Unfortunately, the same could not be said for Nexi, as she had to stop every time the gale blew, both to keep her skirt and to keep her panties dry. She was, unfortunately, pretty much on the brink, just like she was yesterday when she arrived in the Adventurers' Guild.

Thankfully, only a few droplets escaped until she could make it inside the building.

Her eyes scanned the hall. A veritable show of human lavishness: a golden chandelier above; a gnome-woven crimson carpet below. Across the room a pair of receptionists in their flawless uniforms, sitting behind their mahogany desk. A blonde and a dark-haired maiden: the former having her hair cut to her shoulders; the latter having it flow freely down to her waist.

No sign of the privy. She had to ask them then.

"Excuse me. Can you tell me where the privy might be?"

The first to look up from her book was the blonde-haired receptionist. Immediately, a look of annoyance was drawn on her face.

“I’m sorry, but the city hall is not a public privy. Only visitors with actual, important business are allowed to use the facilities. If you have not such a thing then I suggest you leave immediately.”

Nexi frowned. This girl… what an arrogant, little—

“For your information, I do have a business here.” Nexi stopped herself from slapping her in the face. “I wish to obtain a pass to research the ruins.”

The receptionist huffed. “What are you? A scholar? Well, not my business. Go to the fourth floor and speak to the nice lady there.”

“And the privy?”

“All of them are out of order except for the one in the fifth floor.” She grinned mischievously. “Some kind of clogging or something. Those dwarves have been working at it all day. I wouldn’t bother going there if I were you though. It’s the mayor’s private privy. It’s sealed with magic that only she can release.”

“…I’ll take my chances.”

Without any further words, Nexi made her way to the nearby staircase, pressing her hands between her legs all the way through.

Right at the bottom of the neatly carpeted obstacle, Nexi cursed under her breath.

Five floors. Five tall, agonizing floors she had to endure before she could reach the promised land. And once she was there, she would have to utilize her runic expertise to unlock the sealed door. Normally, such a thing would be a cinch to a scholar her level, but when she was this close to having an accident…

No sense thinking about it. She just had to do it. One step at a time.

One…

Two…

Three…

Four…

Five…

A smile appeared on her face. This wasn’t so bad! As long as she remained ginger with her steps, she should be able to make it there dry!

She soon reached the second floor. Just three more floors to go!

Only to find a familiar face standing in the middle of the next series of stairs, blocking her path.

“You!” Both of them said simultaneously.

That teal clothing, that short black hair, those black short shorts…

It’s that awful woman from the Guild!

She remembered it like it was yesterday (because it was), how she mocked her for having an accident. Even though she herself wet those shorts of hers a little.

“What are you doing here?! Ugh, doesn’t matter. Get out of the way! I’m busy!”

“No, you’re the one who should move.” Nexi fired back, narrowing her eyes.

“Damn it! I don’t have time for this!”

And then, she noticed it—the not-so-subtle way she was squirming and dancing in the spot, pressing her hands into the front of her shorts.

She needed to pee. Badly. Just like her.

The woman powerwalked down. Before Nexi could protest, she shoved the elf to the side using her shoulder.

“Oh no you don’t!”

Nexi retaliated. She grabbed her cape, forcing her to stop in her tracks. But only momentarily, as she quickly found out that the strength of the woman was too much for her to compete with.

Resulting in her losing her footing, falling down the stairs, right on top of her.

The two crashed, with the woman landing face first on the floor and Nexi right on top of her.

Resulting on what could only be described as a simultaneous accident.

No one knew whose piddle tank gave up first. They only knew that warmth began to pool inside their panties, seeping through their skirt and shorts, forming a puddle of shame between their legs.

Nexi’s cheeks turned beet red. Another accident. And in front of her again.

But, at least, this time around, she wet herself as well.

The two remained in that awkward position until they emptied their bladders. They couldn’t stop themselves. Their dams had burst, and with it, a sublime pleasure enveloped their entire bodies.

Only once the woman spurted her last pee that she rolled over and pushed Nexi away.

To Nexi’s surprise, her cheeks were burning. And was it just her or did she look like she was about to cry?

“You… you idiot!”

She slapped her. So hard that it actually knocked her unconscious.

The last thing Nexi saw before blacking out was the tears trailing down from her eyes.

*031*2022-04-22 08:39

Kinda feel bad making Nexi wet herself over and over like this... People will start to think she hasn't been potty trained She really needs to stop putting off going to the privy.

Might be interesting to have a chart noting how often she wets herself. Rainclouds for full wetting, rainbow for minor leaks, sunny for dry, etc. I'm starting to suspect she rarely, if ever, has days where she doesn't leak into her panties

Too bad you can't wear diapers under a mini skirt. It'll show.

*034*2022-04-26 22:29

When Nexi opened her eyes, she was somewhere else entirely. She was no longer on those steep and tall stairs. She was instead in some room, laying down on top of a soft, white bed.

“Urgh… what… what happened?”

“You wet yourself on top of me, that’s what.”

She looked at where the voice came from, only to find that it belonged to a face she was all too familiar with.

“You… why are you here?” She narrowed her eyes.

“Are you serious?” The woman groaned. “Don’t tell me that you lost your memories or something from that accident! You didn’t even hit your head! You used my body as your cushion, remember?”

Nexi blinked, her brain slowly processing the words she had just heard.

And almost immediately, it all came back to her.

The arduous climb on the tall, towering staircase… the unfortunate meeting with the adventurer woman… and the crash… resulting in both of them losing their tenuous grip on their bladders…

And the woman slapped her for it, knocking her unconscious.

“You… you slapped me…” She narrowed her eyes towards the woman.

“Tch, it’s your own fault!” She raised her voice in return, looking sideways with a blush. “Why must you be so stubborn? If you just let me walk through…”

“I can say the same to you…”

“Shut up! You have no idea how embarrassing it was asking those two receptionists for a room so you could rest! I had to endure them giggling at my soaked pants!”

At those words, Nexi’s eyes landed on the crotch of the woman. Sure enough, she could see how her short shorts were soaked from her pee. Still, thanks to the dark color, she didn’t think it was too noticeable.

Just like the wet skirt and socks she was wearing now.

“Why are you here anyway?” The adventurer woman crossed her arms. “Don’t tell me you came here just for the privy!”

Nexi paid her a short glare, considering whether she wanted to tell her or not. “I wished to obtain the permit. For the ruins.”

“Eh? The permit?” The adventurer woman raised her eyebrows. “Ah, of course. You’re a newcomer to the town after all.”

“I’m a scholar.” Nexi continued. “I need to research the ruins to prove whether my hypothesis was correct or not.”

“And that hypothesis is…”

“You won’t understand. You’re just an adventurer after all.”

“...Wow.’ The adventurer woman rolled her eyes. “And here I thought I’d give you a chance. Turns out your kind really is full of arrogant, ‘loves to smell their own farts’ bastards.”

“The same can be said for you.” Nexi replied coldly. “You… who laughed at another’s misfortune… I’m glad this time around, I made you wet your pants too…”

Sparks seemingly appeared out of thin air as the two glared against each other.

“It wasn’t my fault, you know, that I wet myself like this. I just had a long meeting with the mayor and when I was done, I was bursting for the loo. I tried to use the privy near her office but it was locked. And the bitch refused to allow me in.”

Nexi paused. Wait, was she talking about the same privy as the one she was going after?

“I could’ve unlocked that, you know. If only you didn’t push me away, we could’ve made it.”

It was then the turn for the adventurer woman to pause. She opened her mouth, wanting to say that there was no way she could dismantle the runes protecting the door.

And yet, looking at her firm, serious glare… she couldn’t in good faith say that she doubted her ability. She was a ruin scholar and that meant she should be an expert at disabling magical protections. Dismantling the privy’s barrier should be child’s play for her.

‘...Look, I’m sorry. For pushing you like that. And for laughing at you for having an accident yesterday.”

Nexi raised her eyebrows. An apology? She didn’t expect that from her. Not in a thousand years.

“Let’s start from the beginning, shall we? The name’s Isolde. Isolde Faulkner. Pleased to meet you.”

She stretched her hand towards her, waiting whether she would take it or not.

Nexi hesitated. Should she really forgive her? Just like that?

But, in the end, she returned her handshake.

“Nexi. Nexi Swiftblossom.”

And thus, from a pair of soiled shorts and skirt, a new friendship was born. Or, at the very least, an acquaintance.

“Well, Miss Nexi, if you wish to get to the ruins, then you’ll need me to act as your bodyguard.” She smiled confidently at her. “I’m one of the many adventurers employed by the city to keep eggheads like you from killing themselves. In fact, that’s why I came here this morning, meeting with the mayor to talk about my pay. I managed to get a raise, you know.” She grinned.

“Oh really?” Nexi narrowed her eyes.

“What? You think I’m lying to you? I’m hurt, Miss Swiftblossom.” She faked a pained expression.

“Then, let’s go to the fourth floor office,” Nexi suggested. “We’ll register there together.”

“Wearing these wet pants?”

“Going back to the inn would take too long,” Nexi replied. “We might as well just swallow our pride and get it over with. I’m sure it won’t take long until the entire city knows we wet ourselves in the city hall.”

Isolde paused, feeling up the wet shorts she wore with her hand.

“Oh, fine! To heck with it!” She declared. “Let’s go! Now! You can walk, right?”

Nexi nodded. “You hit me, yes. But you didn’t hit me that hard.”

“Good. Then, let us be on our way.”

ᅠ

True to her word, the receptionist on the fourth floor quickly recognized Isolde the moment they walked up to her, hastening the registration process considerably. But, to their surprise, she didn’t mention their wet pants in the slightest. Does she not notice? Or…

A waft of fresh pee entered Nexi’s nostrils. Oh. I believe I know why she doesn’t say anything. She has wet herself as well behind that desk. I suppose the other privies being in repair will eventually lead to this outcome.

Giving her a sympathetic look, she took the permit from her hand, which was just a piece of parchment with the seal of the major.

“Now… we should return to our inns and change.” Isolde said. “It’s too late to go now so tomorrow, we can meet up at the south gate.”

Nexi nodded. “Deal.”

“Oh, And try to be there with an empty bladder,” she added with a small smirk. “No privy for either of us to use once we’re there. And peeing inside the ruins would be a crime punishable by death. The mayor doesn’t want leaky scholars to make the place stink with pee.”

“The same to you, Miss Faulkner,” Nexi smirked back. “I doubted she would agree with her adventurers relieving themselves on such a priceless heritage site.”

The two looked at each other for a few moments, before bursting into a giggle.

Their simultaneous accident really had forged a friendship out of them, it seemed.

###

A/N:

The best way to make friends = Wet your pants together.

*036*2022-07-20 11:25

“Ready?”

“Yes, let us depart.”

Nexi met up with the adventurer woman the next morning. And this time around, she actually made sure to empty her bladder after all the morning tea she drank. She probably made the poor waitress leak under her skirt in the process though, seeing how she was right behind her on the line, squirming and squeezing on her privates.

“You’ve emptied your bladder, right?”

"Of course. I won't repeat the same mistake."

"Just so you know, it's forbidden to relieve yourself inside the ruins. You'll ruin the priceless architecture."

"I know that." She paid her a glare. "I am no amateur in archeology." Eyeing her up and down, the elf then said, "How about you? Have you emptied your bladder?”

“Hmph.” She huffed, crossing her arms as she put her weight on her left leg. “Don’t take me for a fool. I’ve emptied my bladder twice, once right after I woke up and another after I had my breakfast. It’s now as empty as it can get.”

What she didn’t mention was that she had a tiny little accident in her bed that morning. She woke up in the middle of her bladder relieving itself, forcing her to jump out of the bed and use the chamberpot underneath immediately.

She didn’t wet her bed. It was just the crotch of her panties and pajama pants. That, a little wet island on her sheets. The accident was so much of a non-accident that she didn’t bother telling the innkeeper about it.

“Good.” Nexi replied, eyeing her skeptically, still remembering how she peed herself just from crashing with her. “We’ll have to hold our waters there. Try not to squirm so much.”

“Heh, I can say the same thing to you, Miss Elf.” A small smile surfaced on the adventurer’s face, remembering the elf’s own accident.

❇❇❇

The journey took the two about 2 hours, give or take. The road they took was quite smooth. Not large in the slightest, clearly designed more for feet than horses or wheels, but it was comfortable enough that they made it to the ruins without any aches on their feet or legs. Clearly, Nexi wasn’t the first, and the last, scholar that would visit the place.

“Here we are. It’s pretty nifty-looking, isn’t it?”

A round structure now stood before them, its aging white walls covered with green moss and vines. Its composition immediately reminded Nexi of the many ruins she had visited before. Some would struggle to describe what it looked like but Nexi knew exactly what the place was. It was an indoor garden, designed as a place to cultivate plants and flowers outside of their natural habitat. Though, of course, in its current state, it could scarcely do so, having half of its roofs and walls missing. The outside air would come in, ruining the perfectly filtered atmosphere

There was no doubt about it. This ruin belonged to the ancient civilization she was writing her thesis on.

"What are you standing there with your mouth open for? Come in. I'll show you around."

Nexi quickly sprinted after the female adventurer, not wishing to be left behind.

❇❇❇

The interior of the ruins was even more impressive than its exterior, boasting a structural style you could not find in any settlement the elf had traveled through over the years. The corridors were long and wide, almost maze-like. It always made her wonder why the Ancients would construct their buildings in such a way. Don't they fear getting lost themselves?

"Follow me," the adventurer said to her as they traversed the corridors, their steps echoing in the suppressive silence of the ruins. "Trust me, you don't want to get lost. There are a lot of Sentries around here."

Sentries. The term the people of this era used for the various machineries guarding the ruins of the previous age.

The two eventually arrived at a large, grassy room. A giant tree rested in the middle, its fresh green leaves seemingly sparkling under noon's sunlight seeping from the hole in the ceiling.

"You can start your research from here." The adventuress declared, her arms wrapped under her chest. "It should be safe here. If you wish to move to a different room, wake me up."

Yawning, stretching one arm over her head, the woman plopped her butt on the grass before letting her body fall completely.

"Really?" Nexi narrowed her eyes. "You're just going to sleep? Aren't you supposed to guard me?"

"Eh, I'll just get in the way." She waved her hand nonchalantly, not even bothering to open her eyes. "Just yell if anything happens. I'll wake up in an instant. Don't you worry."

The elf could only reply with a shake of her head and a sigh, resting her hands on her hips in the process.

It's fine. I can defend myself with my magic if anything happens.

❇❇❇

For the next two hours, nothing happened.

Well, other than Nexi examining every inch of the tree, taking every note she could in her little pocket book.

All the while she could feel her bladder slowly filling, enough to make her press her thighs here and there. She was pretty sure that by the time she finished, she would be brimming to her ears in pee.

But, she just had to bear it. Even if the floor was dirt and grass like in this room, she couldn't just crouch down, pull her panties to the side, and release her water. It would be unbecoming for a scholar like her.

Once she was satisfied, she walked up to the sleeping adventuress, intending to wake her up.

Oh my…

The woman had her thighs rubbing against each other, one hand resting on her crotch while the other was scratching her lower stomach.

She needs to pee too…

There was nothing weird about it, of course. A woman usually would make five trips to the lavatory every day. If you relieved yourself in the morning, it was only natural you'd need to go again once noon came.

"Hey, wake up. Wake up!"

Realizing that her words weren't making any effect, the elf decided that a little kick to her body would do the trick.

Only, she kicked right as the woman turned to face her.

Making the tip of her book land right into her bladder.

"U-urgh…"

The adventuress groaned, moving her body back to its original spot.

But without a dark spot spreading on the seat of her denim shorts.

Her eyes fluttered open. She quickly sat up, looking up at the elf.

"You're done?"

"...Yes. I'm done. Let's move to the next room."

"Good. I know just the perfect place for us to have lunch."

And just like that, she stood up.

Does she not notice the wet patch she now has on her shorts?

