Louise is Leaky!

Author: Quackduck

*000*2023-03-11 21:56

It was up to Louise and her sister Bella to watch their little sister every sunday after church while their parents went out to do the grocery shopping.

They were in the car riding home, and Louise was seriously regretting that second glass of orange juice for breakfast. Every bump in the road made the urine inside her slosh around uncomfortably. She pulled her sundress closer to her knees and shifted in her seat.

“Mom, can you drive faster?” she asked.

“What? Why?”

The car slammed into a pothole, causing Louise to cringe and press her thighs together. “Do you think we could turn the AC off?” she said quickly.

“No, it’s so hot in here!” Bella said. She was only a couple years younger than Louise.

“I’m freezing!” Louise put her hands in between her thighs.

“You’re almost home, alright?” their dad said, “unless you want to go to Walmart with us?”

“No thanks,” she said, looking out the window and doing her best to distract herself from her urgent bodily need.

Fifteen minutes later, they pulled into their neighborhood. Louise had done a good job of hiding it, but she was more than ready to bolt to the toilet as soon as they were there. She was shifting, squirming, crossing and uncrossing her legs, discreetly pressing her hand into her crotch any chance she got. She was the first one out when they got to the house.

Their parents pulled off as the three made their way up the driveway.

“What’s the hurry, Lou?” Sandy asked.

“Uh-“ she said, slowing her gait. “No hurry.” From then on, it was a painfully slow walk up to the porch. She turned the handle. Locked. It was expected, but her aching bladder made it easy to forget things. She shifted her weight from foot to foot as she searched through her purse, unable to keep from doing a potty dance this close to relief.

“You gotta pee, sis?” Bella asked, Sandy having gone off somewhere in the yard.

“Where’s the key?” she said, annoyed, sitting down on the bench and starting to empty the bag. Bella checked under the mat, and a few potted plants, but Louise was supposed to have one key and her parents had the other.

She dumped the entire contents of the purse out and rummaged through it. “Are we locked out?” Bella asked.

“No! Just- give me a minute, I’ll find it.”

“I’m looking at all that stuff right now, I don’t see a key.”

“You have to look with your hands!” she winced and gyrated her bottom, squirming into the seat of the bench. “I just- there’s no way I put it anywhere else, it’s gotta be-“

Bella sat down on a stool and took out her phone. Louise gradually stopped looking, dropped her head and sighed. “I’m gonna check the backdoor,” she said, getting up and hurrying around the house.

She looked around sneakily on the way there, making sure there was nobody around, then held her crotch with both hands.

“BOO!” Sandy jumped out of nowhere. Louise gasped and nearly fell back, spurting a bit of pee out in surprise.

“You scared me!” she chuckled a bit to feign amusement, but held her chest and danced madly on the spot for a minute, one hand remaining between her tightly pressed thighs.

Sandy looked down at her sister’s legs. “Louise has to potty,” she observed.

“Yeah, Louise has to potty. Listen, I want you to do me a huge favor, okay? Come with me to check if the backdoor is unlocked, and if it’s not, I want to check the windows and see if you can fit through. Then you can unlock the front door and let us in, okay?”

“Why don’t we just wait for mommy and daddy to get home?”

“Who knows how long that’ll be?” she asked, putting her hands on her hips and crossing her legs tightly. “Come on, let’s check the backdoor.”

“Why don’t you just potty outside?”

“Absolutely not,” she laughed, walking around the house.

“Why?”

As a wave of desperation hit her, Louise stopped on the steps of the back porch, straining her thighs and twitching around. “Be-Because-“ she stuttered, squeezing one eye shut.

“Louise has a potty emergency!” Sandy exclaimed. “Come on, let’s go behind the shed!”

“No! L-Look, you shouldn’t be doing that either! It’s gross! Come on, let’s get inside.” She hurried over and pulled on the backdoor. Also locked.

“Told you.”

“What? When did you tell me- Whatever, okay. Let’s check all of the windows.”

Sandy thought for a second. Then, she slapped Louise hard on the back.

“Ow!” she exclaimed. “What-“

“Tag! You’re it!” she ran out of sight giggling.

“Ughh!” With that, she started to quickly pull on the windows, making her way around the house. By this point, it was impossible to stay still, and she was constantly a fidgeting mess, fighting to keep her bodily need at bay. By the time she was at the front door again, she was losing confidence.

“Do we ever even open the windows?” Louise asked, stepping side to side and biting her nails.

“My window is always open,” Bella said plainly.

For a moment, she was elated. Then she remembered. “You’re bedroom is on the second story.”

“Yeah, but we have a ladder out back. We could get Sandy to-“

“I am not sending Sandy up to the roof!”

She paused. “Fair enough. But I’m not doing it. You wanna do it? With your little fear of heights?”

Louise pulled on the hem of her dress, dancing desperately on the spot. “It’s not that high…” she said, in deep thought.

“Damn, you must really have to go!” Bella laughed.

“Yeah, man, I just-“ she sat down, scooting her butt around, a look of worry and discomfort on her face. “I don’t know when mom and dad are gonna be back, y’know?”

“Yeah, I know. We’ve been in this predicament before, remember? But it was me that had to pee. I just went out behind the shed.”

“That’s disgusting. There’s spiders back there- oooh!” she groaned suddenly, the pressure spiking as she started to squirm madly. She sat on her foot, gyrating her crotch into it. She could feel the moistness of her undies against her heel.

“How much time you got?” Bella teased.

“I’m gonna need you to hold the ladder,” she replied, jiggling back and forth. One hand was holding tightly to her crotch, the other was gripping her dress.

“Of course, man. Get it in place and I’ll help you.”

“You’re really not gonna help me to get it over there?” she said incredulously.

“I’m wearing my church clothes, man!”

“So am I! Oooh-“ Louise doubled over, pushing her fingers into herself. Her bladder was screaming now, begging to be emptied. She started to sweat. “O-okay…” she took off running to the backyard.

“Woo!” Bella cheered.

Liquid waste sloshed around inside her with every step, crashing against the overstretched walls of her bladder. Her desperation had gotten intense enough that it was no longer waves, it was a fierce, unyielding pressure, constantly trying to force out all of the pee she was trying so hard to retain. She went behind the shed, holding her crotch and jumping around crazily. She bent down and pulled the ladder out, ready to bolt across the yard dragging it behind her. A black snake slithered out from under it and disappeared into the bushes. She exclaimed in surprise, falling backward onto her butt, squirting piss into her panties from the shock. She grabbed frantically at herself, hurriedly getting to her feet as she writhed and squirmed, the urgency skyrocketing to an insane degree as she forced her urethra to close off the tap again. Urine dribbled down her thighs and she wiped it off with her hands.

“You have to potty now, Louise!” Sandy suddenly told her from behind, once again scaring her half to death.

“No, Sandy, I gotta-“

She started to push her behind the shed. “Just squat down! It’s so easy! It’s not good for you to hold it in so bad, you’re gonna have an accident!”

“Sandy, stop! There’s a snake back there!”

She stopped. “Oh.”

Louise was holding herself, dancing frantically, sweating bullets, on the verge of tears from the immense discomfort in her bladder. “I got- We gotta get into B-Bella’s window! I’ll climb up into it and go pee, t-then I can let you guys innnnn-ohhhh-“ she lurched forward and groaned, clutching her privates and cradling her bulging urinary organ. She could tell by the hardness of her belly that it was sticking out noticeably.

With tears in her eyes, she picked up one end of the ladder and dragged it across the grass behind her, the other hand squeezing her crotch.

“Can I help?” Sandy asked when her sister got it next to the house.

“I don’t- I don’t think so, Sandy,” Louise replied. She picked up the ladder upright, the exertion forcing her to start piddling in her panties again. “Nnngh-“ she whined, her legs trembling, unable to hold herself until the ladder was against the house. Yellow fluid started to gently stream down her legs. She dropped in place and her hands shot to her crotch. She whimpered, twitched madly and hopped around, wiping the urine off of her legs. She got her body to stop letting it out, but her underwear was so soggy, and her bladder was so insanely full she couldn’t stand it. “A-Actually, you ca- you can help, Sandy, you can g-get Bella!”

“On it!” she ran around the house.

Louise dropped to her knees and scooted hard into her heel. She really felt like she was about to burst. It was unbearable. When Sandy and Bella came running into the backyard, Louise frantically stood back up and got ready to climb.

“Jeez, sis…” Bella said upon witnessing her sister’s state.

“Okay, r-ready? Hold it,” Louise said, starting to climb before Bella was even ready. Her urinary organ was so huge and tight that every time she brought her leg up to step on the next rung, it felt like she was crushing it under the weight of a thousand missed toilet breaks. She clenched her teeth and moved faster, about to cry.

Suddenly, the ladder slipped a few inches, sliding across the ground like it was about to fall. Louise gasped and held on for dear life.

“I got it, I got it!” Bella said, but it was too late. The fear radiated through Louise’s entire body, and before she knew it, hot urine was streaming down her legs. The pee jetted hard into her panties, a torrential downpour leaking heavily down her legs and splattering to the ground. Piss leaked down the ladder, too, in an embarrassing display of her relief. “Oh god-“ she whimpered, tears starting to stream down her face as she pissed herself in front of her siblings. They watched, mouths agape, unable to stop holding the ladder for her. Steam rose from the hot urine as it drenched Louise’s legs, saturating her socks and filling her shoes. Her bloated bladder deflated until it let every drop out, dripping off of her and forming a huge, foaming puddle in the dirt underneath.

Louise was silent, except for sniffles. She gently climbed down off the ladder.

“Louise-“ Bella started, but her sister ran off toward the front porch, her shoes squelching with every step.

The two looked at each other, filled with sympathy for their big sister.

“Does she know about when you…” Sandy started.

“I told her I made it behind the shed,” Bella replied. “I guess it’d make her feel better to tell the whole story now, huh?” With that, they followed her to the front porch.
