Indiscretion

Author: 222foxface222

*000*2012-06-17 06:05

I stumbled across this old fan fiction and figured I'd post it since I've been too busy to update my other thread as often as I'd like. This is a Snape/Draco omorashi Harry Potter fan fiction, and while I don't have plans to continue writing it, I thought I might as well share this one-shot with you all.

If you've read 'Desperate Friendships,' the story I'm currently working on, this story provides a different characterization of Draco. He does not have any of the vulnerability of the Draco from 'Desperate,' although its interesting to find a few similarities in wording or plot points, even though I wrote each story at such different times.

Warnings: yaoi, language (swearing here and there), and descriptions of mild sexual situations. Also, it's very long.

Let me know what you think--this is not my favorite, but I figured since it was already written and I don't hate it, I'd post it up for some feedback. This story is a bit strange for me in that it doesn't involve as much desperation as I'm usually prone to, although the thought of Snape and Draco together makes up for that, in my opinion! Let me know if you like these one-shots, because I have a few more from over the years.

Indiscretion

It had started in the winter of Draco’s sixth year, when he was seventeen, in the middle of the night.

Draco had awoken to find himself desperate to pee. He immediately clutched at himself, realizing he was about to soak his pajamas and mattress beyond recognition. He smiled, feeling himself hardening slightly in his hand; he enjoyed the feeling of a full bladder, the desperate pangs that led to a complete loss of control, a release that made him as helpless as a first year, hot and wet against his legs and stomach. He squeezed his crotch, squirming against his hand and feeling a small spurt of pee soak into his underwear. The wetness was comforting, enveloping him in a close warmth, clinging to him. He wanted this; it was why he had drunk so much at dinner; it was why he had gone to bed without wetting, ignoring his mother’s voice in his head telling him to always pee before falling asleep. She hadn’t known his bedwetting had always been intentional.

Draco thrust his hips into the mattress, pressing his hand against his groin, feeling the heaviness of his bladder. He snaked his fingertips over the waistband of his pajama pants to feel the wet spot on his briefs. The wetness contrasted sweetly with the dry, soft fabric of his pants; he loved the indiscretion. He was a Malfoy; it was only natural that breaking the rules would turn him on. Despite his desperation, he had to convince himself to go further; he closed his eyes and concentrated on relaxing his muscles, daring himself to pee in his pants. After quiet moments of intense concentration, he felt another spurt of heat in his pants, small and fast, stopping as soon as it had begun. He rubbed the wet cloth of his underwear with his bare fingers, amazed at how wet even those small spurts had made him. He felt droplets of pee drip as he squeezed the cotton between his fingertips, pulling it away from his prick for only a moment.

He took his hand out of his pants but grabbed his flannel-covered crotch once again, cupping his pajama pants tight against him. His pajamas were the deep green of Slytherin House, and he longed to feel the first escape of wetness onto them. Spreading his legs wider, he concentrated on letting go, willing himself to be fearless, willing himself to give in to his desires. He stifled a gasp as a longer stream of pee soaked into his briefs; he could feel the wetness twisting down towards his ass, between his legs, but more importantly, a small circle of wetness stained his pajama pants. The thick flannel absorbed wetness as if it were meant to. He remembered the double-layered training underwear his mother had dressed him in until leaving for Hogwarts.

The Malfoys could just never trust their boy to keep his pants dry. Lucius would find his son crouched in the corner of the dining room, legs splayed to the side and hands on his haunches, staring down at his crotch, at the stream of pee dribbling through his training pants and trousers onto the polished hardwood floor. As Narcissa cleared her son’s plate after dinner, she would glance down to find his fist pressed between his jiggling legs, would hear the stifled moans as he struggled to hold it in, would see the trickles of boy pee staining his pants.

“Lucius!” she would warn, and Draco would feel his father’s strong hands underneath his armpits, lifting him into the air with a shock that made his pee stream out of him. Each time, his father held him in mid-air as he peed himself. Each time, urine trickled smooth and fast down his legs. Each time, the hot pee would trickle onto the floor, splashing against his father’s shoes. But at least he hadn’t ruined the upholstery on his mother’s antique dining room chairs. Severus Snape would attend dinners with the Malfoys where Draco, sitting next to him, would push his pants down to his knees at the dinner table, shove his cloth napkin into his underwear, and wet himself. The boy would stare down between his legs, transfixed. When they realized what their son was doing, Lucius shouted; Narcissa pretended not to notice.

Draco could feel his heart beating; it was strong in his neck, beating against his pillow as he struggled to release more pee. It was always at this point that he contemplated stopping; he could pull down his pants and underwear, pee in the chamber pot underneath his bed and for all intents and purposes avoid indiscretion. But this—the beating heart, the spreading wetness, the arousal—felt too good to stop. Part of the fun was daring himself to do it; part of his arousal came from being so naughty. He concentrated hard until another spurt of pee stained his crotch, longer this time, but his pajamas still felt soft and dry against his thighs—the contrast was amazing. He was peeing where he wasn’t supposed to; he was a bad boy and he couldn’t control himself.

The pressure was mounting; Draco was getting to the point of absolute desperation that he both loved and hated. He felt a clenching in his stomach from the dread, and yet his dick swelled to a half-hard state as he felt himself losing the grip on his muscles. He rubbed the wet patch on his pajamas with one finger as his palm pressed against his crotch, willing himself to hold on. No matter how many times he wet, the uncontrollable wettings were the best. And as he remembered the times he had unintentionally gotten to this point—shopping in Diagon Alley with his mother, his first detention with Professor McGonagal, in the stands at the Quidditch World Cup—he felt the cold dread of realization and a gush of wetness against his fingertips.

He turned over onto his stomach, and his briefs took the initial wetting, rivulets of pee streaming down his front and around to wet his backside, but it was not long before the wetness seeped onto the flannel, soaking in a large circle of wetness. Gasping, he squeezed himself hard, wanting to hold off and savor the wetting, but no matter what he tried he could not stop. Moaning, his pants could not hold all of the wetness, and a heavy stream spurted through, dripping onto his sheets and mattress until he felt the wetness against the skin of his bare stomach. It spread down to slowly coat his muscled thighs in urine. He humped the mattress as he voided, his penis hardening as his need to pee decreased. With a shudder, the final trickles of urine wet his pants and bed, and he lay on top of the sopping sheets, catching his breath.

With an effort of strong will, Draco sat up in his soaked bed, his hard-on tenting his darkened pajamas. He needed to jack himself off. He was desperate to do it, but he knew how loud he was when he came—especially when he was this turned on, and he had never been good at silencing charms. Climbing out of the wet bed, he slipped on his robe, tying it tight to cover his stained pants and his raging boner. Walking as quickly as he could, Draco made his way towards the boy’s lavatory. He often made this rush during the day when he was caught short after hours of homework, but at this moment he was desperate for relief of another kind.

Gasping for breath, Draco leaned against the tiled walls of the bathroom. He grabbed his crotch and rubbed his palm over the wet layers of fabric, thrusting the heel of his hand up and down against his stiff prick. As he envisioned himself wetting the bed, he came, cumming into his soaked, stained briefs before shuddering with a screamed moan of pleasure and collapsing to the bathroom floor

###

Severus Snape had always had a problem sleeping. For as long as he could remember he was plagued by insomnia, and at this point in his life, he had simply given into it. He was pleased if he could get four hours of sleep a night. As for the rest of the night, he took time out for himself, often working late or roaming the castle at all hours, enjoying the peacefulness, the quiet of all the students asleep in their beds, for once respectful and not prone to break rules.

It was on one of his late-night walks through the Slytherin hallways that he heard a stifled scream coming from the boy’s lavatory. Knowing that it meant no good at this time of night, Severus quickened his pace and walked towards the source of the yell, running a hand over his face in exasperation; he did not want to deal with house business at this hour.

As Severus entered the lavatory, looking for the student whom had made the sound, he heard gasping for breath, and small moans that were either of pleasure or pain. Snape rolled his eyes. He had stumbled upon this before. Years of running a house of students who were not known for following rules meant he was often breaking up midnight fuck-sessions in the bathrooms. It was not a job he enjoyed, although he knew it was not only Slytherin house which dealt with the problem. Honestly, he didn’t know why the students didn’t sneak out to an empty classroom or find an alcove in a dark hallway or search for the room of requirement. The boy’s lavatory—right under the nose of Snape himself—was a poor choice; whomever had chosen this space was just asking to be caught.

Snape turned the corner and stared down at the blonde boy crumpled on the floor. His hand rested in his crotch, his legs splayed to the side, eyes closed and mouth opened seductively. His prized student was obviously recovering from one serious orgasm.

Snape clicked his tongue, signaling his presence. Draco jumped in surprise, not realizing that he was being watched.

“Shit!” he said as his eyes opened, scanning the room.

Snape couldn’t help but notice that Draco looked somewhat pleased when he made eye contact with him, angering Severus. Was the boy content to be found performing lewd acts? Did he not care that his Potions Master had caught him jacking off?

“Language, Mr. Malfoy,” Snape leered, his voice cold and heartless. If he had to deal with this, he may as well have fun with the boy.

“Professor,” Malfoy breathed, finally catching his breath, “I was just…”

The boy reddened at last, the reality of the situation becoming clear to him. Snape watched the boy move as if to stand, and his bathrobe fell away from his legs. With a glance back towards his crotch, he decided to stay seated, sliding back down the tiled walls to the floor. He drew his knees up to his chest, but not before Snape caught a glance at the dark wetness spread out across his lap. Snape knew that even young Malfoy couldn’t ejaculate that much.

“Stand up,” Snape said. He couldn’t help the small smirk that turned up the corner of his mouth. He couldn’t believe what he had just seen.

If Draco’s expression was one meant to plead with him for leniency, it wasn’t working. The blonde only looked childish, like a first-year who had forgotten to do his homework.

“I’m sorry Professor,” he said. “I’m so embarrassed. I understand I’ve broken house rules. It will never happen again, and I will take my punishment willingly.”

Snape scoffed in laughter, and Draco’s face fell.

“Stand up, Mr. Malfoy,” he repeated.

Draco’s expression immediately returned to a look of hardened pride; he had been caught in the game, Snape knew very well that Malfoy had not meant a word of what he had said.

“Fuck,” the boy whispered.

Draco stood up slowly and shed his robe. Snape was disappointed; he had wanted to order the boy to take off the garment himself, furthering the blonde’s embarrassment. But then again, Draco had always had a talent for staying one step ahead of those around him.

Draco was bare-chested, his smooth, pale skin stretched tight against his pectoral muscles; his abdomen hard from hours of Quidditch practice. He looked the picture of young manhood, if it weren’t for that tell-tale pee stain spread across his crotch and down his legs.

“What do we have here?” Snape lolled, pretending to have just noticed the boy’s indiscretion. He forced himself to speak agonizingly slow, reveling in the other’s discomfort.

“Draco, what is that on your pants? Did you spill something?”

Draco glared up at the taller, darker man, his eyes full of defiance. He knew he was being tormented.

“And what is that sharp smell?” Snape sneered, pretending disgust.

Snape watched as the boy stared at him. He had to give him credit for looking him in the eye; many other students caught out of bed after hours turned into blubbering idiots, and none of them had pissed themselves. Then again, none of them were Draco Malfoy.

“I wet my pants, Professor Snape.”

Now it was Snape’s turn to stare. The boy had taken a taller stance; he had obviously decided the only way to deal with the situation would be to own it for what it was.

“Draco Malfoy, wetting himself?,” Snape said, coming closer to Draco. “I thought all of that nonsense had stopped long ago. But I guess not,” He whispered, standing close enough to make Draco feel trapped against the wall, to take away any exit strategy. “I guess you’re still the little boy shoving napkins down his pants to pee at the dinner table, aren’t you?”

That was all it took. Draco could not stifle a moan; Snape was turning him on.

“Tell me, Draco,” Snape drawled, “Did you pee yourself on purpose this time, or did the little pants-pisser have an accident?”

Snape could see that Draco was hard again; he saw the blonde’s hand twitch, as if he wanted to touch himself.

“I peed my bed,” Draco gasped, staring up at Snape with more submission than he had ever seen out of the Slytherin. “I couldn’t help it.”

Now it was Snape’s turn to get hard, envisioning the stream of hot pee soaking into the blankets and mattress.

He grabbed hold of Draco’s hand, bending down to whisper into the boy’s ear.

“Then we’ll just have to teach you control,” he said. Taking Draco’s hand in his own, he turned it towards the blonde’s own crotch and pressed it up against the wetness, allowing Draco the relief he so wanted. “Won’t we?”

Draco moaned, tightening his thighs against his hand and Snape’s enclosed around it. Snape felt the wetness of Draco’s pajamas against the back of his hand as the boy bent into the touch.

“Yes, sir,” Draco gasped, “Please. Teach me.”

And with that, Draco began to pee again, releasing the pent-up liquid that he had been unable to release due to his hard-on, splattering down his legs and streaming over Snape’s hand, which only clutched and grabbed harder.

###

Draco could barely concentrate the next day in Potions class. He kept envisioning the night before, the way Snape’s eyes had gleamed in the dim lights of the boys’ bathroom. No one at Hogwarts had ever seen him in wet pants before; the thrill of possibly being caught was a turn-on but also a terrifying prospect. Any one of his roommates would be only too happy to spread the rumors that would make Draco Malfoy the laughing stock of Hogwarts.

Snape wasn’t making eye contact with him. He was lecturing on the benefits of fresh leaves and grasses in potions requiring such ingredients, listing the dangers of substituting dried leaves for newly fallen. He seemed to be in a worse mood than usual, a permanent sneer on his face that not even dumb Gryffindor answers to easy questions could erase.

Draco shifted on the stool, feeling his erection and shifting his robes to cover it. He sneered at Hermione Granger when she glanced at him knowingly. Let her know; there were already rumors spread about his sexual prowess, about his constant erection and filthy mind. The gossip pleased him; let the mud-blood think what she would, there was no way she understood the true meaning behind his stiff prick. He grabbed it lewdly and rubbed, staring at Granger as he did it. She turned away in shock, gasping at his actions in disgust.

Draco turned back, pleased with himself, only to find Snape’s eyes on him. He reddened slightly, realizing he had been caught in the childish display. Although he didn’t care what his classmates thought of his perverse mind, he didn’t want Snape to have any reason to think of him as a child. He needed to act his full seventeen years, if not older, if he were ever to seduce his teacher.

He couldn’t believe what had happened last night, couldn’t believe that the Professor he had fantasized about since the time he was old enough to get a hard-on had been pressing him against the tile walls, his firm grip grasped between Draco’s legs. Snape had hissed into his ear, talking down to him until Draco felt a complete loss of control, a melting away of pride that left him desperate to be pushed around, longing to be shoved and stripped and spanked. He had never realized how hot it would be; up until last night he had always considered himself the domineering partner of any relationship, and most of his flings were fine with it. It was why they had been attracted to him in the first place.

Ron Weasley would whisper to Draco in hallways, telling him meeting places where Draco would find the red-head cowering in the corner of boys’ rooms, his legs pressed tightly together as he begged Draco to let him pee. Neville Longbottom wanted to be tied up, jacked off, and left in closets. Oliver Wood had liked to be shoved around and beaten up before being tossed to the ground for quick, helpless sex. Draco had always found it ironic how many Gryffindors enjoyed being slaves to his demands; being such goody-goodies themselves, he figured they had always had a thing for bad boys.

Draco was somehow disappointed when Snape didn’t hold him after class. He had been fantasizing about the lecture his Professor would force him to listen to, the punishments he had thought up, or even the soft words suggesting another chance meet-up, but Snape simply dismissed the class without a second look at Draco.

He packed up his bags and slunk to the library, starting to feel waves of embarrassment; he had thought Snape had been as turned on as he, but maybe he hadn’t been. Maybe Draco had simply made a complete fool of himself. He suddenly became nervous that Snape would mention something to Lucius. He knew they were on good terms with each other from long years of friendship; what would his father say if he got word of his son’s strange habits? Draco didn’t think he would ever be able to look his father in the eye. Seventeen-year-olds did not pee themselves, intentional or otherwise.

Draco rubbed his crotch; his erection had disappeared and, in response, he realized a slight need to pee. In other circumstances, he would have held it, enjoying the feeling of a full bladder and the heart-racing prospect of getting caught in class or in a conversation and not being able to make it. But today, he simply waited for class to end and retreated to the nearest boys’ room, defeated, shamed by the thought of warm, pissy underwear.

###

Once again, he couldn’t sleep. The insomnia was getting infuriating, although Snape had a sinking suspicion that tonight’s had less to do with stress from his day and more to do with the way his knees had buckled as Lucius Malfoy’s son voided into his pants, the dribbles of pee running down Snape’s hand to soak into the cuff of his sleeve. He had barely been able to think straight during his double potions class with the Slytherins and Gryffindors, the boy’s pointed expressions making his breath catch in his throat. He knew the boy had been thinking of the night before as well; he had seen him flaunting his erection to that prude of a girl, Granger. It was the kind of thing Snape would have dreamed of doing as a boy, if he had had the nerve.

Distracted by the familiar surroundings, he took to the hallways, hoping activity would drive the perverse thoughts from his mind. Draco was a student, and his good friend’s son. He had known him as a snot-nosed five-year-old. It would cost him his job if the events of the previous night ever got out. He needed to take the memory from the boy; he needed to ensure his position at Hogwarts.

Snape realized he was walking faster than normal, taking heavy, quick steps that would be sure to draw attention to himself were anyone within hearing distance. He couldn’t get Draco’s expressions out of his mind, the desperation written on his face as he pissed himself dry, the relief on his face as Snape continued to press his hand against him, the way the mischievous grin that used to be his trademark in childhood had reappeared as he stood with bare feet in the puddle of his own urine and as Snape sent him away to clean up.

He knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep until he had done what he needed to; Draco could not keep the memory for another day. He turned on his heels to head back to the Slytherin dungeons. He needed to sneak into the boy’s room and clear the memory immediately. But, as he began walking back, he suddenly found himself face to face with a very pale Draco Malfoy. It was obvious the boy had been following him, and had not jumped out of sight in time.

The young Slytherin opened and closed his mouth as if trying to form words for an explanation. Snape realized there was less chance of his being discovered by the other boys if he erased Draco’s memory in the hallway. It was fortunate the boy had seemingly developed an attachment enough to track his movements, but he wouldn’t let Draco know how relieved he was.

“Well look at this,” he mused. “A student out of bed after hours. What do you have to say for yourself, Mr. Malfoy?”

The student swallowed and twitched, his eyes flicking up to Snape and then back down to the floor. For once, a sense of smugness seemed to be missing from the usually cynical blonde. There was no doubt that the boy was clinging to his confidence, however. He was not the kind of young man to weaken under threat of authority figures.

“I was going to the kitchens,” Draco said, after a moment. “I missed dinner.”

Snape envied the boy’s ability to lie on the spot. He knew it was the kind of statement that would have worked on other teachers, appealing to their sense of compassion towards students who were the closest things to offspring they would ever have.

“Is that so?” Snape lolled.

He approached until Draco had backed up against a wall. Snape felt light-headed as he saw the blonde look up at him with the same sense of subservience as the night before.

Draco nodded.

“Hungry, are you?”

Draco shook his head.

“No,” he said, his eyes direct and one corner of his mouth twisted in a smirk, “thirsty.”

He was giving Snape an opportunity, wanting the subject of last night to come up. Draco might have thought he was being coy, but Snape understood his intentions perfectly. Despite all his airs of self-importance and plays of confidence, the boy was incredibly easy to read. Snape was going to have to take care of this memory anyway; there was no harm in letting it play out, in giving the boy exactly what he wanted just one more time..

“Didn’t your mother tell you not to drink after dinnertime?” Snape asked, leaning down to speak directly into the other's ear. “You may soil your bedclothes.”

Snape thought he heard the tiniest of moans from the boy.

“Excess liquids can’t be held in an adolescent bladder.” Snape drawled, mocking. He placed his hands against the wall on either side of Draco, blocking him in. “What would your roommates think if you urinated in your bed?”

This time the moan was louder, and Draco closed his eyes. Snape had guessed correctly; the boy enjoyed being talked down to.

“After your little incident last night, I don’t think you can be trusted.”

Snape grabbed Draco’s hand on its way to his crotch, and the younger man's eyes flipped open at once. The blonde was pleading, wanting relief for the stiffness in his shorts. Snape clicked his tongue against the roof of his mouth, scolding.

He watched the desperation in Draco’s eyes.

“Or maybe you were on your way to the kitchen so you could find a house elf. Maybe you already disgraced yourself while you slept?”

Draco shook his head, quick, wet breaths being taken in as he collapsed against the stone wall. Snape watched him shiver in pleasure.

“Did you wet in your pants, already, Mr. Malfoy?”

Draco shook his head wider this time, gasping for breath and fighting against Snape’s grip on his wrists; Snape knew the blonde needed to rub himself; he needed relief of another kind. The boy thrust his hips into the air, almost making contact with Snape, who was close enough to smell Draco’s sweat.

“Don’t be embarrassed,” Snape scoffed sardonically. “Some boys can’t help but let the wet stream down their legs. I’ve even seen it happen in class. Those are the boys without a shred of control, peeing in their pants in front of the entire classroom.”

Draco swallowed hard and moaned.

“I didn’t soil myself,” he whispered fiercely. It was the first thing he had managed to say since his sorry excuse about the kitchen.

“I know,” Snape said, suddenly shoving his large hand up against the young man’s crotch, rubbing along his erection roughly. “But you wish you had.”

Draco grabbed Snape’s hand with both of his, pressing his professor’s grip into his cock, riding his hand as he humped back and forth. Snape watched as the boy came in a matter of seconds, an orgasm so intense it had Draco crumpled to the ground before it was over. And before Draco had time to catch his breath and open his eyes, Snape had rounded the corner, and was gone.

Sitting with his legs splayed out in front of him, Draco breathed deeply, recovering from his orgasm. Smiling at the look he had drawn out of Snape, the look of bliss and debauchery, the appreciation of indiscretion, he released his full bladder, relaxing where he sat and watching a puddle of pee spread out beneath him. He voided through his pants onto the stone floor, sitting in his own pee for nearly half an hour, replaying the events of the night in his mind. When the pee had gone cold and he started to itch, he stood and began to trek back to his dorm room, not bothering to clean the puddle from the floor. He would leave it there, knowing Severus Snape was sure to be the first teacher to come across it, knowing he would call someone to clean it while his erection rose, knowing he would have a hard time thinking of anything else in his sixth-year Slytherin Potions class that afternoon.

And, no matter how many times he threatened to obliviate the boy over the course of their relationship, Snape had never gone through with it. It was for the best; their memories of those first days were the ones they always spoke of most fondly, the ones they never wanted to forget.

###

*003*2012-06-18 15:52

Thanks for the reviews, Wolf and Ryoku--not sure what I would do without you two. I would probably stop posting all together, considering I would have no comments if it weren't for you guys. You're both wonderful, and thanks for supporting my writing--I've said it before, but it means so much to me!

{{: 

Surely you wrote one shots about these things right? ;) Especially this detention with Professor McGonagal seems interesting to me, lol.

As you probably know, I prefer unintentional wetting. Even though there wasn't a lot of desperation to be found in this story, I still liked it. You know, I just like everything you write. Simply because it is so well-written all the time. Stories like these make me daydream about my own naughty wishes, which probably wouldn't be unintentional either, if they would ever occur.

Well, that's about it I guess. Keep up the good work though and please do post these other one shots you wrote in the past!

}}

Haha, I actually haven't written one-shots about Draco's detention with McGonagal. Maybe I will if I'm bored one day, but I feel like I've done the detention-wetting already, so I'm not sure how original it would be from other times I've written it. I could try to find a new spin to it, though!

I'm glad you liked reading this even though it didn't feature too much desperation. I'm with you in that normally desperation is what gets me going, but for some reason when I wrote this, it wasn't as much of a plot element. My only guess is that, for me, the cheekiness of Draco and the helplessness of Snape sort of made up for the vulnerability of desperation that I'm usually so drawn to.

I think you should write some of your "naughty wishes" into fanfiction for us all to enjoy! You know I would be all too happy to read it!

I'll look through my files and try to find some of the other one-shots for you guys. There's one I'm thinking of that I think you guys would like if I can find it! Anyway, thanks a million times for reviewing! :D

{{: 

Oh, My... *hyperventilates*

Have I told you yet that I LOVE you?? Because if I have, forget I ever said it and know that now I WORSHIP you! *sacrifices self for you*

Lol, this is one of the best things I've ever read, out of everything I've read in my life. Books, plays, poems, fanfictions; everything pales in comparison to THIS little bit o' heaven that you've so delicately spoon fed us. (hah, I don't know what that means, but I'm tired, which means you get a very random review.)

I Love Everything. From the intro, to the smexy scenes, to the characterization, to just the way you write in general. Have I mentioned that either? You style of writing and describing and just putting words together couldn't be any better. It seems so simple in theory- word choice or word order- but it really does make the difference between an okay fic, and a FREAKING amazing one.

}}

Wow. Ryoku, you spoil me so much with your compliments that I don't know how to respond! I'm really glad you liked this, and it makes me happy I decided to post it. I think it could use a bit more work in terms of the writing-style, but I'm just pleased it worked for you. God knows I've gotten off on so many different fanfictions over the years, I'm just glad to return the favor!

{{: 

Some of my favorite descriptions included but were not limited to: Draco thrusting his hips into his mattress, loving indiscretion as a Malfoy, feeling his own pulse with his neck pressed against the pillow, even the way he rubs himself off once he's in the bathroom, and that's only before the first cutscene line. The bits about his trysts with Gryffindors were fantastic, especially the one about Neville being left in closets. I got the best visual of him with his hands tied behind his back, stumbling into a closet as Draco pushes him around roughly, and then laying there panting on the floor as Draco leaves, looking harsh and unforgiving as usual. *shudders*

}}

I really like the idea of Draco fooling around with the Gryffindors, too, and I think someday if I have the time I'll more than likely write a one-shot surrounding the "trysts" as you call them. Or, if you'd rather, I give you full permission to play with it yourself in a fanfiction--you've obviously got some great ideas...just your small description of Neville is insanely hot!

{{: 

And, of course, the... Drape? lmao, the pairing has to be called something other than that, because that's just too hilarious. The SS/DM, as the ff.net authors put in their story summaries. I. Love. You. I think the best thing about your Snape characterization (referring to your other story also, which I have been keeping up with, but have not had time to review.. and I refuse to leave a rushed review for that, damn it! I WILL take my time and it WILL be the longest review either of us have had to sit through! lmao, anyways...) is that he never stays around after the climax has been reached, nor does he touch himself as he torturing whichever boy he is seducing (not taking into account the latest update of Desperate Friendships, of course, but that's beside the point).

I find that so hilariously perfect, because with all the self control he must have developed over the years, it's just more realistic that he gets himself off in his own time, his own quarters, whatever, instead of completely losing all good sense in the hallways, or what have you.

Plus, it adds to his element of control in the situation, showing the younger boy that he is, for the most part, unaffected by the situation (even is he's really jizzing on the inside), and completely in control of everything that's happening, including his own sexual response. The (kind of) sex scenes were incomparable, by the way. Definitely got my cheeks ablazin'! haha, maybe that's TMI, but whatevs. I love in the second one how helplessly turned on Draco is, and how Snape starts to feel light headed watching Draco squirm in front of him. And also how Draco is thrusting his hips into the air looking for friction coming from anywhere, and then humping Snape's hand. So sexy.

Such a great spin at the end, too. I was wondering why he didn't obliviate him after the second time! haha, so here's another infinite review. Enjoy, and I will find time to review Desperate Friendships! I must! *explodes*

(I read this story twice in a row)

}}

I'm glad the almost-sex-scenes worked for you. I have no idea what Snape/Draco fictions are called, but I know I'm a huge fan of them! They're definitely not as popular as Snarry or Drarry, but they're just so interesting in terms of the power dynamics! All my fictions are mainly about omo, although I do think it necessary to mention some kind of sexual arousal, otherwise the characters wouldn't take part in getting themselves into desperate situations!

You're right about Snape leaving before he himself finds pleasure, and once again you've alerted me to something that was unintentional, but great to realize, because you're absolutely right that it makes his character believable and powerful. I guess I just sort of intuitively wrote him in this way, but now that I realize it's a pattern I've seemed to follow, I see how well it fits with Snape. Thanks for, once again, reading more into my story than even I had planned :D. That's why you're so amazing!

Thanks for your insanely kind words and taking the time to always leave me crazy-long and flattering reviews. You and Wolf have been constant reviewers from the get-go, and without you guys I would honestly more than likely be really depressed, thinking no one liked my stories! So, thanks for the ego-boost and just being generally great!

