Diapering of a hero

Author: SiriTxxT

*000*2016-01-27 07:26

Diapering of a Hero: Chapter 1

Alistair sighed, "Damnit, why now?" He whined as his smart phone buzzed. They were about to go into forestization, the Vertex were coming. His four friends; Rocky, Merrik, Coda, and Brandon all stepped into the room, getting the same notification. "Ready boys?" Alastair asked, getting nods of excitement from his friends. The world soon transformed into a beautiful forest, each boy looked at his respective phone and transformed.

Rocky was wearing a green shirt that was sleeveless on his left arm and long sleeve on his right with black streaks going down it. His pants were black and he had on green boots, and he was carrying a Giants war hammer. His flower was a lily and it was placed in his forearm.

Merrick's wild brown hair had become styled and gained a purple streak. He had on a purple shirt that reached his knees with whites lines down the side. He had on white pants and white shoes. He had one glove on his right hand which had a moonflower on it, and he carried whip.

Coda' once black hair had turned light brown. He now wore a blue over coat that had the symbol of a tulip on it with a white under shirt. His pants had become white shorts and he had blue shoes. His weapon of choice were tiger claws.

Brandon was now sporting a black tank top with workout sleeves on his forearms, the left one having black dahlia on it. His had black tights and black boots as well. His weapons were spell tags.

Alistair, the leader of the group, was now wearing an orange and white long sleeve shirt. Orange joggers, and white boots that reached his shin. His flower was a morning glory and it was placed by his collar bone. His weapon was a pair of chakrams.

"One Gemini and one Aquarius, nothing major." Brandon informed his friends.

Giving a quick nod, Alistair looked around. "B, you, Merrik, and Rocky chase down the Gemini. Coda, you're with me." The boys nodded and all five quickly dashed in the direction needed. Alistair lept into the air and quickly threw one of his chakrams, "This'll be easy." he smirked, his disk had cut threw the beam coming at him and gave Coda an opening. The now brunette jumped and infused his claws with electricity before violently slashing into the vertex.

"Almost ready to seal Al!" He yelled out. Alistair gave him a thumbs up and started the spell, soon enough, the purple diamond, which was the Vertex's soul, appeared.

"This thing is gonna put up a fight, I already know it." Alistair mumbled. "Coda! Tap out!" Coda looked back at him and flipped out of battle and into Alistair's position. As Alistair summoned two more Chakrams he closes his eyes, the soul had split into two and started moving rapidly. Alistair's weapons started to glow green and red, one for wind, the other fire. With a twist, he launched both disks out and they sliced into the souls quickly.

"Nice one Al!" Coda yelled out. The two fist bumped as they watched the soul explode before turning their attention to the Gemini soul that was exploding as well.

"Good work boys! That was pretty easy!" Alistair said as he and Coda landed by everyone else.

"Yeah, would been easier if someone wouldn't have whipped me instead of the vertex!" Rocky mumbled.

"I said I was sorry!" Cried Merrik.

Coda, Brandon, and Alistair laughed and soon, they were back home. "Wanna get pizza?" Brandon asked, receiving cries of yes in response. As four of the five headed for the door, Merrick turned around.

"You coming Al?"

Alistair nodded. "Yeah, I'll be there in a sec, go one with out me." He mumbled.

"Suit yourself." Coda shrugged, "Don't be upset if there's no pizza left though!" The foursome ran out and left Alistair to himself. He was thinking back to how this all started....

A few years ago, a girl named Yuna Yuki and here friends found out the horrible secret of the world, and of Mankai, and Yuna made of greatest sacrifice of all during their final battle. After this, Shinju-Sama and the organization decided to open up the hero system and take back the world! Now, not only could girls wield the awesome powers of the heroes, but adults and boys could as well. That's where Alistair and his friends came into play, they were the newest group and their job was to take back the last area on Earth controlled by the Vertex. Though it was difficult, they were happy to do the job, especially since they realized that if you put a Vertex's soul by the Shinju, then you can use Mankai with the after effect! Luckily, none of the boys had to use Mankai yet anyway.

Alistair shook himself out of his moment of reminiscence and looked at his phone. "This job isn't half bad." He whispered as his fairy, a white rabbit with black wings named Ullan appeared. "Let's go Ullan!" He chirped, running to catch up with his friends, having no idea what was in store for them.

Please give me thoughts, this is my first fanfic! Especially if you have seen Yuna Yuki is a hero! Omo and diapers will be in coming chapters!

