Deathnote Light and L

Author: Archivekitten

*000*2014-05-08 01:10

L moaned softly, he was tired and honestly didn’t at all feel like being up. By nature the detective was a sort of insomniac however it wasn’t stirring thoughts that had him awake now. Earlier that night with his normal routine of consuming two slices of cheesecake, he’d also partaken in a few cups of sweet tea. He now recalled why drinking tea before bed was something he didn’t do on a regular basis. With a sharp breath he sat up and rubbed his eyes with a fist.

Normally it wouldn’t have been such an issue but as of last week he was chained to Light Yagami, a stubborn honors student who always seemed reluctant to wake up on the same schedule L did. This often forced L to bed at hours he viewed to be unreasonable. He’d managed to stay sane during these times with the use of his laptop but his current conundrum absolutely required Light’s cooperation.

“I have to pee. Get up.” L muttered to the lightly dozing teen.

Light groaned. “Hmm?” His eyes fluttered open and with a dazed expression he looked over his shoulder at the older detective.

“I have to pee. Is the concept really so difficult for someone of your intelligence to understand?” L said with some irritation.

Light moaned softly, now understanding what L wanted. “Can’t you hold it?” Light asked. His voice cracked a little from disuse.

“Not till morning.” L replied stiffly.

Light cried out softly but rolled over to look at L. “Ryuzaki…” He whined.

“I got up the last time you said you needed to pee.” L reasoned.

“That’s different the whole chain thing was your idea! I have a test tomorrow and I’m tired…” Light huffed, his voice still rough from sleep.

L rolled his eyes at the younger’s statement. “You need some water anyway. You can go back to sleep in a minute.” L pulled the sheets off of the two of them and slipped out of bed.

How did L know he was thirsty? Never mind he was just weird like that. “Fine.” With all the energy Light could summon he pushed himself up in bed. Then he whined. “Carry meeee.”

L looked at Light with clear discontent. “What did you say?”

“You need to pee I’m tired and don’t feel like walking. Carry me.” Light reasoned. His voice was still a little rough from fatigue.

L rolled his eyes. “You’re lucky you aren’t heavy or I’d drop you.” With a bit of reluctance L obliged and lifted Light from the bed and carried him towards the bathroom. L set Light on the counter while he peed.

“There’s a cup on the counter. You can get a drink if you’d like.” L said. Seconds later he heard Light turn on the faucet. This was followed by a quiet sipping noise.

L zipped up his pants and looked behind him at the bedraggled teen. “You should probably try and pee too before you go back to bed.”

Light pouted in the most adorable way. If he wasn’t so tired L was sure Light would be a hell of a lot more dignified but the circumstances just happened to line up right to turn Light into an adorable marshmallow. Well, if you could ever justify calling Light a marshmallow that is.

“But I’m tired…” Light whined.

“And you also didn’t pee before bed like we agreed to at the start of this observation period.” L said firmly.

Light glared adorably at L before hopping off the counter and dropping his pants and underwear. L was a little surprised at his sudden boldness but supposed it wasn’t to out of the ordinary given how tired he was. L watched as the younger finished up.

“Can I go back to bed now?” He asked softly.

L nodded and picked Light up. A few minutes later both were dozing peacefully.

*002*2014-05-08 04:59

{{: 

Sorry, but, its just bad, if your gonna fanfic, stay true to their personalities, otherwise, just make original stories.

}}

My apologies, I like these characters and felt they deserved more omo. I've come across about one other fic with them and felt this needed to be made. Regardless, I enjoyed writing it and felt others might enjoy it as well. This is during the section of the story where Light is no longer aware he is Kira and I agree it may have been a stretch to throw light into that kind of a character type but I'm simply looking to write for my own personal enjoyment. I don't feel I should be put down for having them be a little to oc for some tastes. By no means is this a personal attack on you I'd just like to put up a bit of a defense and explain my actions..

*003*2014-05-08 05:09

I'm considering writing a secondary version at this point... Less ocness different ending..

