My Bride is a Mermaid - The "Tail" of a Mermaid Wetting

Author: Haruko

*000*2013-02-16 21:40

Ok, so I remember watching My Bride is a Mermaid (Seto no Hanayome) a while back and a lot of things never occurred to me until now, when I watched it again and thought of a whole bunch of Omorashi events that COULD happen but don't lol. So I wrote this.

___

Nagasumi Michishio was in a crazy scenario. He had been saved by a young mermaid named Sun Seto during his summer vacation at Seto Bay when he had nearly drowned in the sea. As a result, Sun had paid him and his family a visit at his grandmother’s house and dragged them to the Seto home at the bottom of the sea. At that point, he was informed that it was either he be executed, or marry Sun now that he knew the Seto family secret.

During the last few days, Nagasumi had learned a few things about mermaids. For one, they could take human form; however, Sun had to avoid getting her legs wet like the plague. One drop of water and her legs would become a dazzling pink tail and reveal the Seto secret to any bystanders. He was determined to keep the Seto secret by protecting Sun from being seen if there was a mishap involving water, and helping to dry her tail off so it would return to a pair of legs faster.

Now that Nagasumi’s summer vacation was about to end, he was to go back to Saitama to return to school. Sun had opted to come with him, so he would now have a mermaid living at his home. Nagasumi and Sun were currently sitting together on the train to Saitama.

During the train ride, Sun started to fidget a little. Unbeknownst to Nagasumi, Sun had to pee. Normally, Sun would have just gone to the restroom, but she hadn’t been on a train in a long time and wasn’t sure where the toilets were or even if there were any on this train. Her need wasn’t too bad at that moment, but the urge was starting to build. Sun wished she hadn’t drank so much water before getting on the train, but she said nothing. She was a little embarrassed to tell Nagasumi of her need for some reason, and she didn’t know why. She contemplated letting Maki, who had stowed away in her bag, know, but Nagasumi would overhear, so she decided against it.

An hour passed and Sun really needed to go now. She started to become a little worried about her condition. After all, if she had an accident, her legs would get wet, and not only would it be embarrassing because Nagasumi would figure out what happened, but the entire train would find out her secret. Sun discreetly grabbed her girlhood and tried to fight her reluctance to tell Nagasumi. Finally she spoke.

“Ummm....” She said. “Nagasumi?”

Nagasumi turned to Sun and replied, “Yeah Sun, what is it?”

Sun paused for a moment then brought herself to speak again, this time in a whisper. “I really need to pee.”

Nagasumi’s brain processed the information rather quickly, but he paused before realizing what would happen if Sun were to have an accident. Were there restrooms on this train? He couldn’t remember. His mind started to panic about the situation.

“How bad do you have to go?” Nagasumi asked quietly, hoping Sun would be able to hold it until they reached Saitama. It wasn’t too far from their stop now. It’d only be about an hour.

Sun didn’t answer but Nagasumi slightly blushed as Sun quietly moaned and grabbed herself tighter trying to hold it in. Nagasumi wasn’t entirely sure but he took this as a sign that Sun couldn’t hold it for much longer. Nagasumi wished that Sun’s family had been on the train at this moment. As much as he wasn’t on great terms with her dad, he didn’t know what to do, and the only other being he knew on this train with any knowledge of what would be the best idea in this situation was Maki, who seemed to like trying to kill him.

Nagasumi decided to go look for restrooms, or at least his parents. After all, they also knew about the Seto family’s secret. If nothing else, Nagasumi hoped to find a place on the train that was completely secluded. That way, if Sun lost control, no one would be around to see her accident or her tail.

“I’ll be right back Sun.” Nagasumi assured. He prayed she’d be able to hold it until he got back.

Nagasumi searched left and right for any sign of restrooms on the train. Unfortunately he saw nothing, not even a sign of his parents being there. Either they had taken another train or he just couldn’t find them. Nagasumi began to panic. The whole Passenger car would know Sun was a mermaid if he didn’t find something fast. He’d rather jump out of the train with her than let that happen. Finally, after a few minutes, Nagasumi breathed a sigh of relief as he found a way onto a freight car at the back of the train. There was nothing there but a few boxes in it. He returned to his seat next to Sun to see if she could make it to the freight car.

Nagasumi whispered to Sun. “I couldn’t find restrooms but there’s a freight car a few cars behind us. We can go there just in case... well... you know...”

Sun didn’t answer, but she nodded and started to get up. She didn’t think she could hold it much longer, so the freight car was a good idea since she might have an accident. She followed Nagasumi, struggling to keep it in as discretely as possible.

Sun and Nagasumi entered the freight car. Nagasumi sat one of the boxes and Sun kneeled on the floor, her heel pressing firmly against her urethra. Nagasumi didn’t like the look on Sun’s face. It looked like she was in a lot of pain to him. However, thinking of how bad she had to pee made his dick twitch a little. He couldn’t explain it, but the mere thought of her peeing made him excited. He was very glad at this moment that Sun’s father wasn’t a mind reader and that he was nowhere near them now.

Sun struggled for another 5 or 10 minutes to hold it, letting out a few spurts now and then by accident. Finally she moaned and her control just disappeared and a puddle started forming beneath her. The look of relief on her face moved to embarrassment as her it started turning red. A second later there was a light from her legs and a pink mermaid tail appeared under her skirt. Nagasumi could tell Sun was still peeing in mermaid form, although he didn’t know where it was coming from, because the puddle continued to grow. Eventually Sun let out a sigh of relief and turned to Nagasumi, her face almost the same shade as her tail.

“I... I’m finished.” Sun muttered. She wished Nagasumi hadn’t seen that. He’d seen her legs change to a tail before, but this was different.

Nagasumi, blushed a little and got down from the box to help dry Sun’s tail. There was an awkward silence for a moment. Nagasumi looked at the puddle and realized just how bad Sun must have had to go. He positioned himself so the crotch of his pants wasn’t visible, as it now displayed a giant bulge. He quickly dried Sun’s tail.

Once Sun had regained her human legs, she inspected the damage on her skirt. There were a few dark spots but nothing major. Nagasumi and Sun returned to their seats in the Passenger car. If anyone had been paying attention, their first thought would have been that Sun and Nagasumi had “done it” in the freight car, but no one seemed to notice the look on their faces and Nagasumi’s bulging crotch. As they sat back down, Nagasumi replayed the scene in his mind, hoping they’d get to Saitama soon so he could take care of his boner.

