Anne's Special Summer (Swimsuit Wetting)

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-09-01 06:41

Yo, Omo-G, this one's for you! Hope ya like it! :D

On a very hot day, Anne was finally able to enjoy the waves after the beach had closed for more than two weeks. She was showing off in her sexy black swimsuit that completely covered her body (though people could partially see her butt crack). As she savors the moment, she takes a deep breath and runs at full speed straight towards the water. She liked to swim at very deep levels, usually up to seventeen feet. Today, she aims for twenty-five feet.

"I wonder what I could find under here," she said as she searches the sea floor in hope to find something good, like a shell or some pearls (or even rare jewels). Luckily, she finds a shiny black conch shell. The first thing she notices about it, though, was the fact it matched her swimsuit perfectly. She takes the conch and stuffs it in her chest, then looked for more treasure. As she swims around, she thinks back to what she had for breakfast this morning; two bowlfuls of rice cereal, three oranges, a lot of orange juice, and two Pop Tarts. She even recalls having the leftover pizza from the other night. She wondered what would be for dinner today when all of a sudden:

*BUMP*

Anne groaned as she bumped her head against another person's head. It actually turned out that they both ran into each other. Anne rubbed her head and suddenly saw several bubbles escape her mouth. Running out of air, she rushes back to the surface to catch her breath. But before she could make it, she felt a strong hand grab her leg. Fortunately, she breaks free and makes it to the surface before she lost all of her air and drowned. She was practically at that verge, too; when she got to the surface, she hacked and coughed as she spits up the water that had entered her lungs. After she was finally able to breathe well, she dives back underwater and chases the person that tried to drown her.

The chase had led them halfway back to the beach, and Anne was ready to beat the living crap out of the mysterious person. She eventually caught him, turned him around, and held him by his neck. If there were two reasons why she suddenly stopped, it were because she recognized his face, and that her bladder had suddenly filled up. It was her boyfriend Calvin. Though she was the very nice girl type, she couldn't forgive him for trying a stunt like that. She takes him to the surface and first lands a big slap onto his face, leaving a big red mark oh his cheek.

"What the hell was that for?!" Calvin shouted.

"For grabbing me knowing that I was about to drown!" Anne snapped, gasping for breath.

"But I was trying to get your attention--"

"'Get my attention'!? You could have killed me, you bastard!"

Anne, in a quite furious rage, swims off to the shore, in an attempt to resist kicking Calvin where the sun doesn't shine. But she comes back into the water in an attempt to empty her full bladder into the water, before being told to leave the beach as it was just closing for the day. She grabbed her towel and walked towards her house, but stopped halfway to look for someplace to use as a pit stop. She could feel that her bladder is going to burst soon.

"I sure hope there's a bush somewhere," Anne said, desperately trying to hold in her hot liquids. She finds a big bush in front of a small house which actually looked to be vacant. She walks towards it, but every step she took, a drop of her hot liquids had escaped from her bladder into her swimsuit. Because the swimsuit was pitch black, it would actually be hard for anyone to see any stains, not to mention that she had just came from the water at the beach, so she was already wet. Her only concern is that someone would see the stream if she releases it too soon. Sadly for her, she had only two options: wet herself in plain sight and embarrass herself, or slide her swimsuit to the side and just go and risk getting arrested for indecent exposure (her "goods" would be in plain sight). She almost wanted to go for option 1, but she could feel that someone was approaching her from behind.

She thought it was Calvin again, but she knew that his house was closer to the beach. She looked in case it wasn't, and continued to creep towards the big bush when all of a sudden, she feels something touch her hip. Scared, she made a break for it, but tripped on a hole in the sidewalk and fell flat on her stomach on the concrete driveway. At that point, her bladder had let completely loose as it formed a puddle between her legs and part of her stomach and thighs. Though she was able to stop it halfway, she felt embarrassed that she wet herself in front of her house, not to mention that she discovered wounds on her legs, her thighs, her shoulders, and part of her face. What was worse, it wasn't anyone at all; it was just a leaf falling from a tree. Devastated, she limps to the front door crying, just as Calvin was showing up, who was shocked to see her walk around with open wounds all over her body.

"Don't look at me!" Anne snapped, embarrassed to the point that she didn't even want Calvin to see her like this. But she apologizes afterwards. "Sorry..."

In a heartbeat, Calvin gets a first aid kit, takes her to the bathroom, and puts bandages on Anne's wounds (after cleaning them, of course). Then he could smell the wet patch on her swimsuit. He runs his hand against it and sniffs it. It was definitely her urine. Anne began to feel aroused as she spurts out a big drop into her swimsuit, darkening them some more. She then picks him up and kisses him deeply. As she kisses him deeper and more passionately, she gently runs his hand against her privates.

Feeling more aroused, she slipped his hand inside the swimsuit and ran it directly against her privates. Calvin could tell that she was aroused by how deeply she was kissing him and how she was rubbing herself with his hand. Eventually, she felt so aroused that she sprayed what was left of her bladder onto his hand as well as into the swimsuit. She almost wanted to reach her hand down his pants, but she had a better idea in mind. She took him into her bedroom and sat him onto her bed. She then started to rub her privates against his leg.

"I love you," Anne whispered into Calvin's ear as she took his other hand and placed it on one of her breasts, and suddenly remembered that she was carrying a conch in it. But then the realized that she has the most important treasure in her life right here.

*003*2012-09-01 23:27

{{: 

God damn. I love you. You don't see many good omorashi stories with sexual content like this. Thank you! <3

}}

Really, now? Guess I should make more like this. :D

{{: 

Nice job. Couldn't have done it better myself.

}}

Thanks! Though, I could've made it a bit longer than this...

*004*2012-09-09 14:51

(Note: This extension is intended to be for Matias. ;) )

Anne had just got out of the shower the next day when she remembers the party on a sailboat that was supposed to happen. She quickly puts on some clothes and runs out the door. AS she approaches the docks downtown, she wonders if anyone she knew was already on board, like Gina or Denise. Calvin doesn't usually go to public parties, so she didn't quite expect him to show up. But when she got to the boat, she saw him standing in front of the entrance. In a hurry to get on board, she rushed past him and got inside. Calvin, of course, followed her.

"Wow," Anne said, amazed by the boat's decorations. "And I thought stuff like this were only seen at weddings. Though, I don't get how no one has shown up, yet."

Anne had sat herself down in a chair staring into the empty room, wondering whether she was too early, the party was cancelled, or she was on the wrong boat. She knew for a fact that she wasn't late, because the party was supposed to start at 10:00am sharp (it is 9:30am now). As she tries to figure out the issue, she begins to feel a strong pressure go into her bladder. Seeing that no one is here, she almost wouldn't mind just going on the floor. But she'd have to deal with the people that would be staring at her.

She rushes straight to the bathroom, but both toilets were locked shut, with a note on the girls' bathroom door saying that it was out of order. 'Out of order,' my ass, she thought, as she tried to pry the toilet doors open with everything she could get her hands on, while her control of her bladder slowly began to weaken. She knew that she would have to let it go, soon, so she sticks to a plan that she thought she would never have to resort to: go to the boys' bathroom, where she could clearly hear someone on the toilet. With her bladder at its last leg, she rushed inside to find a toilet.

Calvin was just sitting on the toilet wondering about his moment with Anne last night. He almost wanted to call her to see if she was still on board, but he didn't want to take any chances on her hearing him on the toilet. Then again, he was aware that she had a fetish for guys on the crapper. At that very moment, he saw a pair of blue sneakers walk toward his stall. The sneakers appeared as if they belong to a girl.

"What's a girl doing here?" he asked himself. "She knows she's gonna get kidnapped here...or worse."

The pair of sneakers stopped right in front of his stall, just as the door had suddenly busted open with a blonde-haired girl coming in, who seemed to have to go very badly. But just as soon as she locked the door behind her, Calvin could see a big dark patch form on her gray sweatpants that seemed to grow at a fast rate. In about a minute, the sweatpants were as if the girl had fell onto a rain puddle on her butt. Though Calvin regrets forgetting to lock the door when he's on the toilet, she was so glad that he didn't, especially after he recognizes who the mysterious girl was.

*009*2012-09-19 12:31

{{: 

Hot story....thanks for sharing....i might have to read it again....and again....and maybe again after that :)

}}

Who knows, you might want to read it more times than that. :D

{{: 

I really like wetting in sweatpants, they spread so well. Loved that section in the second part.

}}

I like sweatpants wetting, too. A bit hotter than jeans wetting, actually. ..well, to me, at least. :)

