The Time Traveler

Author: editine

*000*2013-12-04 15:08

# The Time Traveler - 0 - Intro #

Diary Entry 1:

I, Arthur Malcom, am a time traveler. I know it's pretty big claim to make, but I do not loose anything by stating the truth. This diary is the only thing I can truly trust with the information I am to part with, for to tell another human being would be to create a devastating paradox. I have always wanted to start a diary, to have one place I can record even my deepest thoughts, though I have never gotten around to starting one.

I must make a confession about myself, I am an omorashi addict. I love the stuff. I do really wish that I can go to a time period where omorashi is more uhhh, shall we say, mainstream.

Edit: Side note, guess I got lucky, if only I had known at the time I wrote this!

I must go now to begin my journey through time, I am Arthur Malcom, I am 22 years old, and I am a time traveler.

*001*2013-12-05 09:08

# The Time Traveler - 1 - The Omorashi Games #

Arthur's first destination is the year 3026, Earth is a very different place, humanity had split in to 2 very different classes, the one fortunate upper class, comprising of approximately half of the populace, and the lower class making up the other half. The upper class, called the norm, led lives not unlike ours today, whereas the lower class, called the competitors were not unlike slaves. The competitors were bought and sold, much like goods, by the wealthiest norms, who could afford it.

Life as competitor certainly didn’t seem slave-like from the outside, competitors weren’t allowed to own property, have an income, and just didn’t have any rights in general, but they were well looked after, however all of the had a price. Competitors had to win competitions, not just any competitions, but bladder competitions, hence the term competitiors. Competitiors were betted on and the owner of the wining competitor recieved a great sum of money. Most competitors only lived to about 17-20 years old, though those that were lucky enough not to contract a UTI and kept their bladder in top shape did live a little longer. If they didn't perform well in the games, they didn't get their food. Oh, and did I mention they were all girls?

The largest of all these competitions is the omorashi games, the successor to the long forgotten olymic games. The competitors started out with empty bladders and tried to hold on longer than any of the others, they were allowed to wrestle other competitors in an attempt to get them to loose control, though injuries weren’t permitted. All competitors wore regulation clothes, a white polo t-shirt, It is during one of these games that Arthur arrived.

The time machine brought Arthur out of time travel with a small ‘pop’. He slipped it into his pocket and looked around, he was in a huge stadium with a circular ring inside. A loud booming voice echoed out, “welcome to the 24th omorashi games, this year competitors: Ruby, tall, 16 years old, strong and with a sphincter strength of 50/100.” A girl black haired girl walked out into the ring, as the voice continued the girls walked out. “Ashley, 16 years old, mid height, fast, nimble and with a sphincter strength of 32/100. Francis, 15 years old, mid height, slightly athletic and with a sphincter strength of 75/100, she is a favorite in todays competition. Gabrielle, 12 years old, though she is small and not the strongest of our competitors, she has one of the strongest sphincters in our competition at 80/100. Lisa, 14 years old, tall, athletic, strong and with a sphincter strength of 24/100, and our final competitor, Brittany, short, nimble and with a sphincter strength of 93/100."

Once all of the girls had lined up, they were all issued portable toilets, they were the same as normal toilets, though they had tanks to store waste instead of sewage pipes. After this was completed and the toilets were wheeled away, the girls once again lined up.

“Let the omorashi games begin!” The voice boomed out again. The audience had obviously come prepared for the long wait to come while the competitors bladders filled up, and went to sleep in their various sleeping bags and portable mattresses. Arthur stayed up a while longer, but when it became apperant that there would be no action for a while to come, he dosed off.

……

Arthur was jotled awake by a loud announcement stating that competitors were allowed to start wrestleing. Arthur sat up quickly and looked to the ring. The girls were now fidgeting in desperation, it was obvious that they all had to pee, and badly. They were eyeing off each other, waiting for one of the others to make their move. Suddenly Ruby leaped at Gabrielle, but didn’t anticipate Gabrielle’s speed and missed, Gabrielle quickly darted out of the way, only to be caught in Lisa’s grip. Gabrielle squirmed around trying to escape but only succededed in causing giving herself a bladder spasm.

Meanwhile all of the other girls had gotten entangled. Francis was trying to subdue Brittany, but didn’t seem to be having much luck and Ruby had grabbed Ashley around the waist and was trying to squeeze the pee out of her while Ashley desperately squeezed her legs together burying her hands in her crotch trying to withstand the enormus pressure that Ruby's arms were placing on her bladder.

Brittany was not as strong as Francis, but she wasn't completely outmatched. She was confident in her superior sphincter strength and figured that all she needed to do was hold out till Francis's sphincter tired enough that she couldn’t wrestle her without loosing control. Francis knew she wasn’t strong enough to squeeze the pee out of Brittany before she wet herself, but she had a much more devious plan in mind, she just needed to get at Brittany.

Gabrielle was pinned under Lisa who was grinding her bladder into the floor, trying to force her to loose control. Gabrielle squeezed her legs together, tensing up, unable to move, her bladder still spasming. She rode out the spasms in this manner, then tried again to escape Lisa, but no matter how much she squirmed under Lisa, she coudn’t break free, it was time to employ another trick, she bought her hand up and sharply jabbed Lisa’s bladder causing bot of the them to spurt a little dampening their panties, Lisa from the jab to her bladder and Gabrielle from the combined effects of Lisa’s weight grinding her bladder on the ground and the strain from the quick movement. Lisa tensed up, unable to move while she fought to control her bladder, loosing anoth short spurt dampening her panties even further, fighting a loosing battle.

Gabrielle was also desperatly fighting her bladder as it tried to force her pee past her sphincter, though unlike Lisa, she was relying on her ever so strong sphincter to keep back the flood. Taking advantage of Lisa’s moment of weakness to get the upper hand, Gabrielle twisted onto her side and out from under Lisa taking the pressure off her bladder and clamping off the leak she had sprung, realising that Lisa had started to recover, braced herself, squeezed her legs together and launched herself at Lisa colliding with her bladder causing Lisa to slowly start to leak again.

A visible wet spot started to form. Lisa was paralysed, squeezing as hard as she could to stop the flow, burying her hands in her crotch, crushing her thighs together, and just when she felt her exausted sphincter start to close again, Gabrielle jumped on top of her bladder starting to bounce up and down, Lisa knew she couldn’t hold on for more than a few seconds like this but the effort required to close her sphincter ment she couldn’t move or do anything to get Gabrielle off her. Her bladder eventually succumbed to the torture and Lisa started weeing uncontrollably.

Ashley was still stuck in Ruby’s iron grip, her sphincter rapidly tiring from the effort required to hold shut under all this pressure. Although she had leaked a few times, she was still reasonably dry. In an attempt to speed up the process, Ruby removed one arm from around Ashleys waist and started prying her hads away from her crotch while she wedged her legs open with her own legs. Ashley moaned from the effort of keeping the boulder of pee inside her. Her eyes bulged when she realised what Ruby was doing to her, but there was nothing she could do about it, her hands were forced to her sides and away from the place she desperately needed them to be. Her legs took slightly longer, but they too were forced apart. Ashley's toes curled and uncurled rapidly, ankles wiggling, while her fingers were pressed into her palm tightly, leaving nail marks.

The only muscle that could help was the one inside of her. Ashley's thighs could not be crossed, the heel of her hand could not be jammed into her crotch, to provide even that fleeting relief. No, her legs were spread wide open, urethra completely un-aided, the fatigue was starting to tell, even on her well trained muscles. The ring that held back all of the pee just desperately bursting to get free had weakened slightly, letting a small leak tickle out of her urethra. An arc of pee shot out of Ashley’s urethra, she tightened as hard as she could, pouring every last drop of strength she had into stemming the flow, and it worked!!!! for a time. Mere seconds after she managed to stop the flow of pee, another more violent spurt erupted, she tried again to clamp it off but her muscles had enough, and against her will, they simply relaxed, and no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t squeeze them. Ruby watched as Ashley lost control and was led, crying from the field.

Brittany and Francis were still struggling, Brittany’s arms ached, from holding off the stronger girl, she tried…. but she couldn’t. Her strength failed her and Francis pushed her to the ground, burying a knee firmly on her bladder. Brittany's urethra flexed slightly, and a small jet of pee squirted out. Brittany squealed her dismay, but it was too late, the stronger girl had her pinned down. Brittany tried to free herself, but couldn't escape the grip that pinned her to the floor, squirming and getting more desperate as Francis’s knee took it's toll upon her bladder, trying everything she could think of to escape. A finger touched very precisely between her legs, stroking her pussy gently, and then focusing on her urethra.

The shock of it made Brittney's eyes go wide, and when Francis continued to tease that area, her body writhed, muscles tensing and quivering. Francis suddenly tickled her sides and ribs viciously, making Syia yelp with surprise and start thrashing again, the shock of it breaking her control of her muscles and resulting in a soft hiss of pee against the crotch of the outfit for a few seconds. Brittany squeezed her sphincter tight, or as tight as she could when she was being tickled anyway, but it wasn’t enough, she just couldn’t squeeze when she was being tickled in such a sensitive place. Her muscles involuntarily relaxed completely and an arc of pee shot a few meters across the ring, before stopping, shortly followed by another, then another as she lost control and started weeing uncontrollably.

Three competitors remained, Francis, Gabrielle, who’s bladder was just starting to calm down after her fight with Lisa, the stongest girl in the competition, and Ruby, who has the weakest bladder out of the three, but makes up for it in strength, anyone caught in her grip would soon find the pee being squeezed out of them. Ruby launched herself at the 2 girls trying to catch atleast one of them, but they were both too quick for herand she crashed into the side of the ring and lost her balance, stumbling around like a drunk. Gabrielle took advantage of this and darted in quickly to deliver 3 sharp jabs to Rubys bladder before having to jump back as Ruby tried to get a hold of her.

Ruby had anticipated Gabrielle’s attack and had clamped her sphincter as hard as she could but it wasn’t enough and she started a long slow dribble which she couldn’t clamp off no matter how hard she tried, she stood there locked in place with her hand buried in her crotch and her legs plaited together. It was all she could do to stop herself from fully wetting. Gabrielle jumped in to finish her off, knocking her to the ground and bouncing on top of her bladder like it was a bean bag. Ruby tried with all her might to resist this torture, but like cracks in a dam, each bounce steadily increased the flow of urine out of her till her muscles gave up on her and pee torrented out.

Francis took advantage of the situation to get a firm hold on her muscles ensuring that no pee would come out. When she saw that Ruby was out of the competition, she pounced on the unsuspecting Gabrielle from behind and grabbed her around the waist, falling to the floor and pulling her on top of her. She squeezed as hard as she could, trying to bear hug Gabrielle's into realeasing the golden liquid it contained, but squeezing Gabrielles bladder was like squeezing a rock, she couldn’t get any pee out of her. She started to employ some of her earlier tactics and begun to tickle Gabrielle.

Gabrielle wriggled and squirmed around, “S….Sto…..Stop!! Ti… Tickling Me!!!” she cried out, she was prepared for these sort of moves, she had practices keeping hold on her sphincter whilst being tickled. That didn’t mean it didn’t leave her gasping for breath though.

After a few minutes of pursuing this tactic, Francis conceded defeat and switched tacks, flipping over so Gabrielle lay underneath her, and skittling down so she had access to her lower abdomen and personal areas. She spun around, planting a knee in Gabrielle’s bladder much like she did with Brittany, and begun to stroke Gabrielle’s pussy gently, slowly, thinking that if she could get the girl to (excuse the pun) come, the girl would go as well.

Gabrielle's eyes bulged as the new sensation assailed her. ’Two can play at this game,’ she thought, and begun working Francis’s clit with her fingers, before moving down to her urethra in fascination. She watched as Francis's urethra visibly flexed with the effort of holding in all of her urine, deciding to tease it into submission.

Francis’s muscles fought to resist the teasing... the slow, deliberate teasing of their very core, stroked and played with while valiantly trying to do their job. The boulder of pee inside her yearned for escape, her bladder fighting with her brain for control. The circling of Gabrielle’s fingers made her muscles feel tingly and it was hard to tell if they were tightly clamped or not as they started to tremble under the precise massage of her fingers.

The only way to know for sure was to tighten them so hard that there was no chance of leakage, but because she couldn't feel precisely their state, when they weakened, it snuck up on her and forced her to gasp, tightening up suddenly again. It was a hopeless cause, her body was tiring with the constant relaxing and tensing inside of her. Her urethra flexed slightly, and a small jet of pee squirted out before she could stop it, she tried to plug the leak, but she couldn’t close her sphincter. Gabrielle took advantage and squeezed Francis’s bladder hard, and forced another jet of pee out. Francis leaped off Gabrielle, trying to escape the torture she was placing on her bladder.

Gabrielle sighed relief as the pressure from her bladder was removed, not even her rock hard sphincter could withstand that kind of pressure for long. She took a break to get back in full control of her bladder while Francis hopped around springing leaks every few seconds.

Francis got clear of Gabrielle for a few seconds, desperately trying to regain control before she was pushed to the ground by Gabrielle who sat directly on top of her bladder, bouncing up and down rapidly. Francis’s sphincter could ordinarily withstand this pressure, but in their fatigued state, they couldn’t do anything to stop the waterfall of pee that gushed halfway across the ring.

...

Arthur watched all this with enthusiasm. ‘I should return to this time period,’ he thought, as Gabrielle was announced as the winner and was allowed to release her ocean of pee past her straining muscles. He had to leave now, there were plenty of other time periods to explore.

*004*2013-12-05 16:59

Thanks for the complement. I'm working on a new chapter. I'm planning to take the time traveling concept further, where Arthur picks up various new devices to aid him in... I won't spoil it.

*006*2013-12-06 06:25

# The Time Traveler - 2 - The Royal Crysis #

‘Ohhhhhhh!’ Princess Lydia thought as she resisted the increasingly insistent need to pee. Again she glanced around the carriage for something to distract her. Something to frame a story round to take her mind away from considering the consequences of her plight. The royal carriage was depressingly devoid of interesting objects, and various ministers and other important people all appeared dull and unremarkable. The rain ran down the window almost obscuring the view outside.

Arthur sat quietly in the corner of the carriage, careful not to make a sound. The new invisibility cloak he created, and was testing, rendered him unseen to the naked eye, but it didn’t muffle his footsteps. Finding this precise moment in history hadn’t been easy, the royal family had well covered up the young princess’s wetting, but he had found an account of it in the diary of one of the ministers on the train and had traveled back in time to witness it first hand.

Even though Lydia had the window seat, she saw little of interest outside. Small dreary fields with scrawny wind-swept crops, the occasional farm cottage and a stream that ran alongside the railway. As the rain reminded her again of amount of pee her sphincter held inside her, she noticed her mother, the queen, look up from the book she had been reading. She quickly shifted in her seat, trying to both relieve some of the pressure on her bladder and to hide her need. Her mother seemed not to notice and looked back to her book.

Lydia was the young 19 year old princess of England. Her mother was getting old, and there was always the threat of assassins. Lydia thought back to the first time her royal trainer had asked her to try and accept there would be times when she would not have access to a toilet when she most needed one and would need to find a way of 'letting go' while sitting or standing. She would also need to learn how to prolong her endurance by making a few short spurts as her need increased, rather than waiting until she lost control completely.

Her bladder spasmed and when she actually felt herself becoming wet she turned bright red and tensed up trembling, trying to suppress another leak that was teasing her urethra, begging for release. She had to wait, even though her sphoncter was tired beyond imagination. She could barely keep the ocean of pee inside her. She could feel her bladder straining against her whale cartilage undergarments that many women of the period wore to force their body into a sightly shape. It did wonders for her figure, but unfortunately didn’t let her bladder expand very much.

She crossed her legs, fighting with her bladder to hold the pee inside, she couldn’t let anything out past her sphincter, not in public. She was a princess, she would hold on, she MUST hold on. The train stopped and she stood up, upsetting her bladder slightly and causing another squirt of pee to force its way into her panties. She stood there for a while intentionally letting the squirt of pee continue, ridding herself of enough pee to make it back to the palace, specifically the chamber pot room.

Arthur watched in fascination, the young princesses attempt at managing her need, however, he had other pland in mind…

Lydia deisembarked the train, beginning the walk to the carriage, waiting for her to take her to the bliss of relief she so very much wanted. She was quite sure she could not hope to cope with the bumpy ride home in the carriage without loosing control, her sphincter was too tired from holding back her flood all this time, but she had no choice, she couldn’t let anyone guess her need, why did this had to happen to her??? Just then a really strong spasm overwhelmed her and she was unable to prevent some of her long-contained pee from escaping. She bit her lip and clamped off the flow almost immediately, however Arthur didn’t intend for her to get onto the carriage dry.

Lydia was just about to climb abord when something grabbed her around her wasit and squeezed hard, forcing her to wet herself infront of all the ministers that were on the train with her. She didn’t understand, what had made her pee? she looked around, but saw nothing.

Arthur chuckled to himself quietly, locking the memory into his brain. Oh the mischief he could get up to with his latest invention, the invisibility cloak.

*008*2013-12-06 15:26

Arthur is a scientist ahead of his time (yes yes I know :P, time). There are plenty more inventions in store ;)

Any requests on scenarios Arthur can observe will be considered.

Oh, ummmm Spoiler ALERT:

{{: 

As the story progresses Arthur gets more and more adept at manipulating events with his time travelling device, and various others he is soon to invent, and improve, before finally coming to a climax.....

(Hint, the climax is an Armageddon.... with an Omorashi twist)

}}

