Daniel and Amy - Page 17

Author: Barry

*402*2016-08-11 22:32

Chapter 20:

As a normal teenage boy, Dan was sometimes perpetually hungry, and this was no exception. He insisted on getting something to eat, before they tackled any more rides. Food was a bit expensive there, but by combining the money that Amy had left with their own funds, they were able to afford a decent meal of fish and chips each, and another large drink each.

"Jesus. How do you guys drink like this? I'm bloated."

"Don't worry Nik, so are we," Amy answered. "But, if you want to have real accidents, you've gotta work at it. You don't have to keep up ya know. Now we're wet, we can just pee anytime, but Danny and I kinda like having real accidents, and drinking heaps is the best way to do it, particularly if you've got a bladder as fucked up as ours are."

"No" Nikki responded, "I wanna keep up. I agree with you, real accidents are way better than just weeing yourself on purpose. And with my weak bladder, it's not hard to make it happen. This'll probably sound kinda stupid I know, but it's like my control is getting worse the longer the day gets, after all the holding and stuff we've been doing, almost like my bladder is getting tired or something!"

Dan piped up then. "It's not stupid Nik. Me and Ames have both noticed the same sorta thing before. When we've done lots of drinking and holding, having real accidents becomes easier. You better be careful tonight when you go home. Sometimes it's like your bladder goes on autopilot or something after a big day of pee play."

If Nikki thought that Dan might have been joking, a quick look at Amy confirmed he was speaking the truth, as she was nodding her head in complete agreeance. "He's right mate. When you spend a day just filling up, having accidents, or peeing on purpose, it can be hard to get used to like holding on normally again. Since your bladders a bit weak anyway, I'd be careful if I was you."

Nikki nodded solemnly, her expression serious, "Alright guys, point taken. I'll be careful later." Then she smiled broadly, "But not yet! I plan on wetting myself as much as I can from now until then though," her smile turned somehow evil looking, "even starting now" she added.

The three of them were sitting in a tight group on the lawn, facing each other, with their food boxes and drinks randomly placed in the middle. Nikki was sitting cross legged, indian style, and started squinting, and lifted her backside off the grass an inch or so. Three pairs of eyes went to her crotch, and even though her blue-purple shorts were already wet from her recent shower, a fresh darkness suddenly blossomed between her legs, and a slight trickle escaped. It only lasted a few seconds, then she exhaled loudly, and plopped her bum back down again.

"Not much there yet," she remarked, "better keep drinking."

"Holy shit Nik!" Amy exclaimed in surprise, "What're you doing?"

"Whaddya mean? I'm peeing!"

"No shit? I can see that! But so will everyone else!"

"No they won't. Trust me. I know these shorts. In a minute or two it'll be invisible. They're already wet, nobody will notice!"

Amy could tell that Dan had noticed at least. He had stopped eating, a chip held in his fingers half way towards his open mouth. "Snap out of it, Catholic boy," she admonished him, punching him playfully on the leg. He smiled guiltily at her, knowing he'd been caught staring, then continued eating.

"Anyway," Nikki went on, "I'm like totally empty now, so I've got heaps of room left for more cordial!"

She was almost right about it being invisible. Ten minutes later, food and drink consumed, they stood up, and her shorts were maybe only a shade darker between her legs, and on her bum. She certainly didn't look like she'd just wet her pants, unless you knew, and we're making an effort to look hard for it.

They decided on the water slide mat race first, so walked up the hill, collected their mats, then climbed up the stairs. Nikki was in front, and although her friends would never admit to it, they both payed close attention to her behind as she climbed in front of them, and both of them liked the fact that they could judge where the fresh wet patch was, but only because they knew to look for it.

It was a fairly steep climb, and they were puffing a bit at the top, but the adrenaline surge of the race soon energised them again, and soon they were pitted against five others, and the green light went on. The girls missed the start, but Dan took off well, and was only just beaten into second place at the bottom by an older kid in his late teens, who, being stronger and heavier, had a slight advantage. He cheekily teased Dan a bit, and Dan responded by asking for a rematch, and so they all trekked up the steps again. On the next run, another older kid, a friend of the first winner was victorious, and while Dan was keen to go again, the girls couldn't face the big climb again straight away, so begged off, grabbing him and pulling him towards the tube rides.

The first one was solo tubes, ridden at high speed through dark tunnels, before emerging over a rise, and dumping the riders in a pool. It was scary, and a lot of fun, but rather than go again, Amy wanted to try the Lazy River next.

You could ride this one solo, or in pairs on a larger, two person tube. Off course Amy and Daniel paired up, so Nikki went first on her own. This ride was much more sedate and relaxing. The tubes were released at intervals, and the riders sat back, and slowly drifted down a shallow gradient of trickling water. Every now and then, they even had to grab the side and push their tubes along a bit if they got a bit stuck.

Their tube was basically just a much bigger version of the solo tubes, but with a divider in the middle. Dan sat on one side, Amy on the other facing him, with their legs hanging over the central divider. The tubes weren't large, so their feet kind of hung across each other.

After they'd gone around a couple of corners, and Nikki was out of sight in front of them, Amy grabbed Dan by the ankle. He looked at her with a raised eyebrow, wondering what she was doing. All she did, was indicate for him to shift his position a bit, so she could manoeuvre his leg a bit better, and he complied without question.

It was a slightly uncomfortable position he found himself in, kind of slouched down deep in the tube, while his girlfriend held his leg, but he didn't question her intention. With a sudden shifting of her own body, her backside slipped lower on her side, and her feet stuck up a bit. Dan couldn't work out what she was trying to accomplish, so he just kept quiet, and allowed her full control.

He felt his foot suddenly being pulled almost violently down, and looked on in surprise, as he saw Amy grab it, and place it flat against the crotch of her shorts. She held the top of his foot, and placed the sole directly against the wet fabric of her shorts, and almost instantly, he felt the bottom of his foot growing warmer.

He made no effort to pull it away, and just smiled at her, as she held him firm against her sex, and peed forcefully on him. He was enraptured by the experience. He was sitting opposite his girlfriend, watching her wet her pants, but not only watching it, but feeling it as well, as she sat there, legs spread wide, holding his ankle, and urinating through her shorts onto his foot.

It was without doubt one of the most arousing experiences of his young life, and he could of cum in his shorts very easily, if he'd been foolish enough to touch himself.

"Toldya these swim diapers were no good for pee," she giggled softly.

"You're wearing a swimmer?"

"Yeah. Public pool, just in case. Don't tell Nik though. I don't wanna explain."

He didn't reply, but grabbed her closest foot, lifted it up gently, and kissed her toes, before releasing it. It was only a quick, innocent peck, but Amy thought that it was probably one of the sexiest things that had ever happen to her. She really loved Dan playing with her feet.

Around the corner, they gently collided with Nikki, who had put her feet down to stop, and wait for them. They smiled at her, but with their intimate little alone time now shattered, they continued on until they reached the bottom.

"What next guys?" Nikki was almost bouncing with excitement. "How about we go out for a smoke?"

It sounded like as good of an idea as anything else, so they agreed. Nikki got her cigarettes from the locker, they roughly dried themselves off, clothes and all, and safe in the knowledge that they could use their wristbands to get back in, they draped their towels over their shoulders, and walked out. The girls had put their footwear back on, but Dan didn't bother, exclaiming that "Only sissies needed shoes!"

Not wanting to be seen by any grownups, especially parents or friends-of-parents who might happen to be driving by, they opted for walking back to the car park again.

"What about your mates from school? I thought that Ali and his friends would've come for the last weekend?"

"They came yesterday Ames. They had another sleepover last night at Scott's, and spent the day here then. They invited me again, but I was able to safely tell them, without having to lie, about going to Bunbury yesterday, and then our date today. So I got out of it again."

Nikki interjected. "But why would you need to lie Dan? Why don't you go to their sleepovers?"

Dan looked at her in wonderment. "Because I wet the bed Nikki. And don't forget I'm incontinent, wet myself, and wear diapers....,"

Nikki blushed bright red, brighter than what Dan had ever blushed, and he was good at it. "Oh shit Dan. I'm sorry. I DID forget about it! Really! I know you don't believe me, but I really did! It's just, like, we've been all having so much fun doing it on purpose today, I kinda forgot for a moment that you guys aren't all fucked up like me, and do it for fun."

He smiled at her, then at Amy, "Wrong Nik. I this that Ames and me are a lot like you really. We just have stuff happen sometimes that we wish didn't happen, that's all." He reached for Amys hand, she happily took it, and squeezed it firmly. "Anyway," he continued, "forget that. The guys came yesterday, and sent me shitloads of pictures. We oughta send some back!"

Amy agreed, and they all talked about the best pictures to send, and soon they entered the parking lot. Now Dans bravado about not wearing shoes came back to haunt him, as the parking lot was rough tarmac, and not smooth concrete like the footpath was. He cursed and swore as he hobbled across the rough surface, towards the back of the lot, the promising softness off the grass, and the privacy of the minivan.

Safe again from prying eyes, they lit up in peace. Nikki was the first one to speak.

"I peed again on the Lazy River! Did you guys?"

"Guilty," said Amy. "It wasn't an accident though, I kinda did it on purpose. It felt nice to just let go as we drifted along." Dan had thought it felt nice as well, but for obvious reasons neglected to agree with her in front of Nikki.

"So what about you Danny? Ames and I have gone on purpose now, so it must be your turn!"

"I haven't yet," he replied, a touch confused. "I thought we were gonna hold on till we had accidents?"

"Nikkis right Danny boy. It's your turn now. We've got heaps of time for more accidents yet, especially with how much we've drank. But I wanna see Little Danny go wees in his shorts on purpose now!"

"What! Now?"

Amy laughed. "I didn't mean NOW, now. I meant when we go back in."

Nikki then interjected. "Why not now? I mean your pants are already wet, you've got your towel, and this is a hell of a lot more private than inside the park! Why not pee your pants here? Makes more sense!"

Dan automatically found his hand on the front of his shorts, grabbing lightly at his boyhood through the wet fabric. It had been over an hour since his diaper failure on The Abyss, and he had kept drinking ever since, and combined with all his earlier fluid intake, he was building up again. He just hadn't noticed it until now. He certainly COULD pee if he wanted to, it just wasn't urgent.

He contemplated his situation. The way his bladder kept filling up, he'd probably be reaching the danger zone within half an hour. If he peed on purpose, it would set back any potential "real" accident by at least an hour. He explained this to the girls. "So whaddya think I should do?"

Amy looked at Nikki, and grinned. In answer to Dans question, she slipped into the role of caretaker again, and put on her authoritarian "mum" voice.

"So Little Danny. You wait until we're all the way into the car park before you tell me you need to pee! You really should have said something inside, and I could have taken you to the potty. It's too late now you know!"

The boy grinned, realising straight away where this was headed. As with most of their wet games, he let her take the lead, and happily just played along, instantly becoming "Little Danny." He extinguished his smoke, and dropped the butt down a drain. After all, little boys didn't smoke!

He grabbed his shorts more violently, crossed his ankles, and bent at the waist, exaggerating his desperation antics. Nikki didn't speak, just stood back and watched, completely fascinated by the byplay that her new friends had.

"Im sorry," he told Amy in a whiny voice, " I didn't wanna go then, but I do now. Really bad!"

"Well you can't just pull down your pants in public, can you? Your pants already look wet to me! Come here!" She demanded.

Dan did a knees-together shuffle, until he was in front of her.

"Let me check your shorts Danny."

Keeping his thighs pressed together, Dan dropped his hands to his sides. Amy reached down, and lightly gripped his penis through the front of his shorts, squeezing it gently, and making him flinch with surprise. But he stood there, and let her do it without argument.

"My God Danny! Your pants are already wet! Don't you think you should have told me you needed to go earlier? It's a bit late now you know!" She gave him another squeeze, and felt his boyhood start to stiffen in her hand.

"Sit down there," she demanded, pointing at the kerb.

Dan did as he was told, planting his bum on the kerb, which was only six inches high, and putting his bare feet in the gutter, looking at her anxiously as he did so.

"Now do it quickly. Before anybody sees what a naughty little boy you are!"

"But I don't wanna pee my pants though. Can't we go to the potty?"

"It's way too late for that, Little Dan. Just hurry up and do a wee, then we'll change your pants for you later."

Nikki was enthralled by their little game. She was starting to get a certain feeling in her privates, a feeling that she'd been getting more and more often lately, a feeling that sometimes confused her a bit. Without fully understanding why, she had a strong urge to touch herself between her legs. She wasn't even fully aware at first that she was doing so, until she felt the pressure of her fingers pushing against the crotch of her wet shorts. Suddenly embarrassed, she quickly dropped her hand down, but not before she had felt a kind of shiver pass through her. Fascinated, she turned her attention back to what her friends were doing.

Dan sat on the kerb, and his mind was racing at a thousand miles an hour. He loved being Little Dan, and having Amy boss him around regarding his wetting. She had even touched him, and he was battling to not get an erection. Now the talk had turned to his need to pee, it was front and centre in his mind again, and it seemed like he now needed to go a hell of a lot more than he had only minutes ago, although he knew this was only psychological, and he could easily hold on if he had to.

But he didn't want to. He wanted to wet his pants. But Nikki was right there as well, and he wasn't sure that he wanted to let Nikki watch him do it. Of course he was aware that she knew all about their silly little games, but he didn't know her very well, and it had taken awhile for him to confidently pee his pants in front of Amy. It just felt kinda weird.....

"Little Danny! Will you hurry up and go please? Nikki and I want to go back, and the sooner you do your business, the sooner we can all go and have another drink. So hurry up please!"

It was weird the way Amy seemed able to take control of his body sometimes. All it took was her to start talking to him in her stern, authoritive voice, and in "little mode," he was like putty in her hands, willing to do as he was told.

He looked up briefly at the two girls who appeared to be looming over him like giants, and felt himself shiver, as he almost started peeing without even trying too. He opened his legs wide, and looked down at his crotch.

His shorts were bright red, fairly loose and baggy, but already wet from the rides, and the fabric was kind of clingy. He wasn't wearing underwear, and had what the boys at school eloquently referred to as "Half a mongrel." His willie wasn't completely stiff, but certainly firmer than usual. The wet fabric of his shorts clung to it, outlining it fairly clearly. He reached down to pull the fabric away and make his boyhood less visible, but was swiftly rebuked by his girlfriend.

"Danny! Don't play with yourself in public please, I don't want you getting wee all over your hands. Just hurry up and go please."

Just as six eyes had been staring at Nikkis crotch inside on the lawn, six eyes now focused on his own. The tip of his penis was clearly visible, and suddenly, a fresh darkness started spreading around it. It was slow at first, then they saw his boyhood twitch, and suddenly he was peeing without restrictions. The material around his groin became darker than the rest, and the liquid couldn't be contained. He felt the warm river trickling over his balls, and finding its way into his bum crack, before easily escaping the confines of his pants, and running down the face of the kerb, before trickling away towards the drain. But it spread from around his backside as well. The kerb was against the bare earth behind the parking area, and directly behind him, the pee was runner out of his pants onto the dirt, making it look muddy, and spreading across the top of the kerb as well, from behind his legs.

No one spoke as they watched it, and it took a while for him to empty himself. When he had, he looked up at the girls, and speaking in a childish voice, he declared, "I did it Amy. I weed in my pants."

Amy was a touch breathless, and again, without realising what she was doing, Nikki was tugging at the front of her own shorts, enjoying the sensation. She may have had similar feelings before, but never so strong. Her own panties were feeling wet again, but she knew that she hadn't peed.

Dan stood up, and kept his legs apart, as drops continued to fall from his pants. The top of the kerb was wet about a yard across, and a big pee trail was making its way down the gutter.

Amy quickly stepped forward, and took her towel from around her shoulders. She squatted down in front of Dan, and used the towel to start wiping his legs and feet. She spun him around, and wiped the back of his shorts, taking the chance to squeeze his bum as she did so, then turned him around again.

"Does that feel better, Little Dan?"

She asked this last question as she wiped the front of his shorts, pushing her hand firmly against him as she spoke.

Little Dan had to admit that it did.

*415*2016-08-19 22:59

{{On 18 August 2016 at 7:13 AM, alexwbj said:

}}

Chapter 21:

The sound of approaching voices snapped them all back to reality. Dan was suddenly fearful that the occupants of the van were returning, and would find them all hiding suspiciously behind it, but it was a family group walking past, and they continued down the lot. Nikki in particular looked stunned, like she had been hit in the face with a snowball unexpectedly.

"Wow. Just wow. Oh my God, you guys are amazing."

Amy and Dan were grinning at each other, and although Dan could feel himself blushing with embarrassment, he found that he didn't really mind too much. Any humiliation he felt was completely overridden by the feelings of not only arousal, but also pleasure, not just sexual pleasure, but pleasure in the fact that he'd made his girlfriend happy.

As their relationship grew and developed, he knew that they both liked being little, but Amy was definitely the more dominant one, and she obviously took a lot of pleasure in being a sort of mother figure to "Little Danny." He was learning how he liked it himself, and if it made Amy happy as well, then that was more important than any embarrassment. Using his own towel, he gave his shorts another rub down, and by that stage they just looked uniformally wet all over, and they only evidence of his "accident" was the wet kerb and gutter. Just to be safe, he said he would like another cigarette before going back inside, just to give his shorts a bit more time to dry evenly, so they had another one, then went back to the entrance.

Dan had been just a touch worried that somebody may notice his pants were wetter in certain spots, but nobody batted an eyelid at him, and only minutes later, they were safely back inside, surrounded by hundreds of people wearing wet pants and swimsuits. Amy had saved their empty drink bottles, so they found a water fountain, and each filled one up, before again sitting on the lawn, and starting the process of hydration again.

"That was amazing Dan. But weren't you scared? I mean, if Amy or myself wet our pants, it's only the bit between the legs that shows it, but you boys make more mess!"

"I was a bit Nik, but not too much. I chose these shorts on purpose, cause I know that they show a wet patch off a lot, but they dry quickly as well, and if I pee in them when they're already wet, you can only tell for a minute or two." His tone turned serious then. "But for Christs sake Nikki, you gotta promise me you'll never ever tell anyone about this. I mean it. What me and Ames do is private, and like our incontinence, it's our business only, got it?"

Amy reached over and put a reassuring hand on his leg. "Don't worry babe, I'm sure Nikki won't ever say anything, will you Nik?"

Nikki looked suitably abashed as she answered, "Of course I wouldn't! I mean, I like it just as much as you guys do, and you've both seen me wet myself already today, in my pants AND a nappy! And you'll see me do it again later as well I reckon. This is definitely our little secret, right?"

With that, she held her hand out flat, palm down. Amy put her hand on top, then Dan did the same. They all smiled at each other, then, in unison, flung their hands up high in a motion of teamwork and solidarity. A pact had been made between them, and they would keep each other's secrets.

Dan looked questioningly at Nikki, "Wanna tell me some of your stories Nikki? Like what you like doing and stuff? Amy told me that you like doing wetting stuff on purpose, and like I now know that ya do, cause I've like seen you, but tell us some stories, like whatcha do when you're alone, and how ya started doing it."

Nikki noticeably brightened up at the question, almost as if she had been waiting her whole life for the chance to talk about it, and in a way, she had.

"Weeellll, it's like I told Amy. When I was little, I had a thing about using strange toilets, I hated it. Dunno why, I just did. I still kinda do, but nowadays I will if I have to. But when I was a kid, I just wouldn't. I would honestly rather wet myself than use a public toilet. I've always had a bit of a weak bladder, and I had a lot of accidents, real ones, when I was small, and I was sorta used to it. If I was out with my mum, and I wanted to do a wee, I'd only use the toilet if she came in with me. If mum wasn't there, I'd try to hold on, but I'd usually wet myself before I could get home. The funny thing is, it never really bothered me too much. I don't know why, but wearing wet pants always seemed kinda fun, and I didn't care at all."

"Mum was pretty good about it I guess. She didn't understand why I hated public toilets, but she knew I did. She kinda accepted that I really didn't wanna use them, and accidents sometimes happened because of it. As I got a bit older, I started to plan on wetting myself on purpose when I could, in the least embarrassing way possible. Like if we were at the park, and I needed to go, I wouldn't just hold on until I wet in front of everyone, but I'd sneak off and stand behind a tree and pee under my dress, or sit on the lawn and wee in my shorts."

"Mum got a bit frustrated with me, but never made a real big deal out of it. I used to wet the bed every night, and wore pull ups, and sometimes she'd let me wear a pull up when we went out. But when my night time wetting started to slow down a few years ago, she stopped buying them."

She addressed Dan directly then. "Amy told you about my deliberate bed wetting didn't she?" Dan nodded. "Well my night accidents basically stopped, so I kept doing it on purpose, hoping she'd get me more pull ups, but she won't. I think she suspects I do it on purpose sometimes. She threatened to take me to the doctor if I was still doing it at thirteen, so I stopped for a while, but sometimes, I just can't help it, so I do it again. I've really gotta stop it now, cause the doctor will know I'm faking it."

"It's the same with my day wettings. Mum knows I really do have a weak bladder, so an occasional accident is sorta okay, but she's getting suspicious about how often I have them."

Dan was intrigued by this, "How often do you have them Nik?"

"I probably have a few real accidents every week. Mostly they're just little ones, where I'll be running around playing and I'll leak a bit. Sometimes I'll pee a bit if I cough or sneeze, and riding my bike makes me dribble a bit if I need to go. But as I told Amy, I still like doing it on purpose. I'd gotten into the habit of wetting myself nearly every day after I get off the bus. I don't like the school toilets, so unless I'm desperate, I'll hold on, then when I get off the bus, I walk through a park on my way home, and I'll wet myself there on purpose."

Her voice suddenly had a touch of sadness about it. "But mum does all the washing, and she noticed my knickers were wet every day, and she knew I was doing it on purpose, and got really mad at me. We had a huge fight about it, and so I've had to stop doing that." She continued in a more defiant tone, "But I still like doing it, so I hide my panties now. If I wanna wet on the walk home, I do, but I hide my panties, and put clean ones in with my washing instead! Then I'll use my dirty ones a few times and pee in the shower wearing them. Amy saw my knickers earlier, I've been peeing in them all week! They're pretty well stained now, aren't they Amy?"

Amy nodded in agreement, and felt herself blushing a bit. It was just so strange how Nikki could just blurt stuff like that out. She enjoyed hearing about it, and judging by the way her boyfriends shorts were sticking out, he was enjoying it as well, but talking about stained panties definitely wasn't a usual topic of conversation.

Nikki seemed to be warming to her topic, and now she had started, she didn't want to stop. It was like a big load was being slowly lifted the more she talked.

"Anyway, I'm getting better at hiding it. I do most of my deliberate stuff on the weekends now. Mum works part time, and Troys usually out with his friends, so I've got lots of time. Since I turned twelve, mum let me stay home without a babysitter, as long as I didn't leave the house. Now, I'm allowed to go to the park and stuff, and I've got a friend down the street from me, and I go there sometimes. She won't let me like catch a bus anywhere, or go too far, but I'm allowed out."

She stopped talking, and took a huge drink of water, and motioned for her friends to do the same. Amy and Dan had been almost mesmerised while she'd been talking, and had stopped drinking, and they quickly picked up their own bottles and drank deeply as well. There was still enough time left for more games, and they didn't want to waste any of it.

"Another thing I like doing is playing on trampoline when I need to pee. That always makes me wet myself. I'll wait until I need to go, then I'll start bouncing, and see how long I can hold on for. But it's not very long! I'll time myself, and really try to stay dry for as long as possible, but after awhile, every time I bounce I'll squirt a bit. If mums home, I'll wear a dress or skirt, but if I'm alone, I like to wear jeans or leggings. Eventually I lose all control and end up fully soaking myself.

I like to leave my wet pants on for awhile too, if I can. Wetting on the trampoline is one thing I can do without mum getting mad. She kind of knows when I play on the tramp I'm gonna end up with wet knickers. She always tries to make me go to the toilet before I play on it, but even if I do, I'll still dribble a bit. I've got a pair of black lycra bike shorts, and they're fantastic to wet in! If I sit down, the pee just runs straight out, you can't see any wet spot, and they dry really quickly as well. I wear them a lot on the trampoline."

Dan was excited by that. "That sounds like a lotta fun Nik. Me and Amy oughta come around one day and play on it with you! But what about your deliberate bed wetting? What do you do then? And do you ever like accidentally wet the bed still?"

Nikki sounded a bit more solemn at that question. "Not anymore. Well, maybe once, but that was a year ago, and even then I coulda prevented it. I woke up busting, but didn't get up, and dozed off again, then woke up as I started to pee, but I stayed in bed and just finished it. When I do it on purpose, it's usually just before I get up. If I like wake up at 4am, I won't wet the bed, cause I'll never get back to sleep again, but sometimes, I'll wake up ten minutes before my alarm goes off, and I'll just do it!

Especially if I'm wearing pyjamas. Dunno why, but I'd rather wet my pyjamas than my nightie. I think it's because I like watching them get wet, and see it spreading down my legs. I've got a pair of really pretty pink PJ's. They've got long legs, with white lace around the bottom, and their only thin cotton, you know, like summer weight ones? Anyway, most of my sheets are pink as well. I've got pink sheets, and Troy has blue ones, that's how we can tell the difference if we need to change them. I've still got a rubber mat over my mattress, so that doesn't get damaged at all. But when I've got my pink PJ's on, I'll sit straight upright, spread my legs wide, and watch myself wetting. I love watching the wetness spread out all around me, and my pants getting darker. Then I'll just lie in the warm wet patch for a few minutes, until it starts to cool off."

It was Amys turn to ask questions now, "But how does your mum know that you do it on purpose? I mean, if you grew up doing it, why does she suspect it's not still an accident? Has she caught you or something?"

"No, she's never caught me doing it, but I think it's just one of those mum things. She kind of knows, but can't prove it. Probably because when she threatened to take me to the doctors, I stopped for a few weeks, then only did it once or twice, but then I did it a few times in a row. I don't think she thinks I do it on purpose, but she thinks I'm lazy. I guess she thinks it still happens by accident, but only because I don't go to the toilet when I know I should. I think that's why she hasn't taken me to the doctor yet, cause she doesn't think anything is like physically wrong with me, I'm just lazy. In a way, I guess she's right, isn't she?"

Her friends could only nod solemnly in agreement. Dan explained how his father had once suspected that his son was just a bit lazy too, but thankfully had now accepted that he wasn't, and had a real problem. Amy gave her some more details about how Sonia had always been really accepting about her daughters problem, and still sometimes encouraged her to use her diaper if she had to. The three of them swapped stories, drank lots of water, and exchanged secrets, until by popular opinion, they all agreed that they were all starting to feel the effects of their large fluid intake building up again, and all three of them were starting to need to pee once more.

Their clothes were by now almost dry, so they hopped in the nearest pool to get wet again, then headed for the waterslides again.

It was time to wait for real accidents to happen.

*416*2016-08-19 23:11

Thanks everyone for your kind words and suggestions. I couldn't reply earlier, as I had this chapter half finished, and it just popped up in the reply box. You'll probably notice that I tried to directly reply to Alex, but the quote box popped up with the half finished story attached.

I actually enjoy all of your input and suggestions. There's been a lot of stuff added to this story along the way by direct result of people giving me ideas. So don't be afraid to say anything you think might go well.

As I've said a few times, I'm only making it up as I go, so sometimes I need a few ideas.

Dont worry. Dan will definitely be either changing Amy, or watching her change herself in the future. I have a definite idea for that, but I've got to set it up first. I'm as keen for that as what you are!

Sorry how the story has slowed down production wise. I definitely haven't lost interest, it's just my last three weeks have been hectic. I've been away for a training course, done a lot of overtime, had parties to go to every weekend, as well as playing in a couple of sports carnivals. I do a lot of writing on the weekends usually, but I haven't time to scratch myself lately.

Once again, thanks everyone for the positive feedback. I genuinely appreciate it.

Barry b

*421*2016-08-23 13:41

Chapter 22:

"Jeez. I don't think jumping into the pool was a great idea," Amy said, "that's really kicked me up a notch."

"Yeah, I know exactly what you mean," Nikki agreed, "I nearly peed when I got in! That water seemed colder than the slides were. How about you Danny?"

Being the last one of the trio to wet himself, the boys urgency hadn't reached the same level as his female companions, and while he knew that he could pee if he chose to, he wasn't about to lose control accidentally, at least not yet. "It certainly helped, but I'm okay at the moment."

They hadn't yet reached the path to the slides, when an idea struck him, and he paused. "Hang on a moment, if you guys are getting desperate again, let's make it interesting. I want to send the boys some photos, so let me go get my phone first, and you two hold on a bit longer."

Nikki bobbed around on the spot for a moment, a look of concern on her face. "I dunno if I can. I kinda need to go badly now..."

Amy looked as if she was going to object as well, but Dan took charge. Putting on a tougher sounding voice of his own, he addressed the pair of them.

"No girls. You're supposed to be big girls now, not babies. If you were babies, you'd still have your little didees on, but you've got your big girl pants on." Amy giggled again at the word "didees." It seemed to really amuse her. "Little Amy and Little Nikki need to learn how to hold onto their wee wee I think. Wearing nappies all the time is making you lazy. You're going to behave like big kids, and hold on for a while, okay?"

Amy was smiling at this. It was straight back into little mode at once for her, but Nikki wasn't quite as sure. She had really enjoyed watching Dan being little earlier, but now it was her turn, she felt a bit silly. She started to object, but a glance from Amy silenced her. Dan ran back to the locker room for his phone, and she took the opportunity to express her feelings to her friend.

"I don't know if I can hold on Amy. This cool breeze is making it worse, and I don't know if I can just pretend to be a little kid like you guys do. I loved watching you two doing it, but it feels kinda weird if I try to."

"Just go with it Nik. Pretend. We're still young enough to remember what pretend play was like. It's no different to pretending you're a princess or ballet dancer!"

"Actually I always pretended to be a cop or a race car driver," Nikki admitted guiltily, "not very girly was I?"

Amy laughed at that. "I actually wanted to be a wrestler when I was a kid, so I know whatcha mean!" They giggled at that, both of them keeping their legs together. "Come on. Give it a try. You and me, we're now like 5 years old, and Danny's taking care of us."

"Is he like our dad or something?"

"Dunno. Probably not. That would be kinda weird I guess. Let's say he's our teacher. Or babysitter. It doesn't matter, he's the grown up in charge. Come on! It's fun!"

Feeling strange, but also emboldened, Nikki agreed, and was surprised to find that once she had accepted the idea, it really wasn't that hard. She had never heard of the term "regressive," but found that her full bladder made it easy to pretend that she was now in fact a little girl. She found herself grabbing and pulling on the hem of her shorts.

"Aaammmyy. I need to go potty. Can we go please?"

Pleased that her friend was going to try playing little games with them, Amy dropped into her own little persona.

"We can't Nikki. Danny said we have to wait here. We can't go walking off without him. We're not 'lowed to just go into the toilet by ourselves either. Mummy said we gotta go with a grownup."

"But Danny can't take us to the girls potty! Whose gonna take us?"

"Dunno. We'll ask him when he comes back. Look! Here he comes now!"

Dan jogged back up to them, phone in hand. Before he got a chance to speak, Amy put on her little voice, letting him know it was game on.

"Dannny, me and Nik need to do a wee. Can you take us?"

"Don't be silly Little Amy. I can't take you to the girls toilets. You're going to have to wait for your mummy to show up. I'm sure she won't be long."

"But Nikki really needs a wee to, dontcha Nik?"

Nikki didn't speak, but nodded vigorously, and kept pulling at the hem on her shorts, and crossed her ankles to emphasise how bad her need was. Watching the two desperate girls squirming around in front of him was starting to have an effect on his self control, and he felt his penis stirring ever so slightly under the cold wet cotton shorts he was wearing. He hoped a full blown erection wasn't about to happen, as it would be blatantly obvious. He decided to temporarily pause their playtime, at least until he had either better control of himself, or the chance to sit down. Switching on his phone, he opened Facebook, and found the posts that his friends had tagged him in to. "You probably saw some of these Ames, where they tagged my name, but there's some other stuff you wouldn't have seen."

The three of them crowded around his phone, and looked at the stuff that Dans friends had posted. There was pictures of Scott, Ali, and Matt, mugging for the camera, and flashing various hand signs. A lot of boys had been tagged into the posts, with comments meant to brag about how much fun they were missing out on.

"Whaddya think girls? We can top this, can't we?"

The girls agreed, with Nikki volunteering to take the first pictures. Amy slipped her wet t-shirt off, leaving her in her bikini top and shorts, and cuddled up with her boyfriend, throwing an arm around his shoulders. Dan smiled at her, then leaned in for a kiss, with Nikki capturing the moment perfectly. Dan took some photos of the girls together, then Nikki surprised them both by asking a young lady who happened to be walking past if she would take a photo of the three of them together. The lady laughed along with them, taking various pictures, with the coup de grace being a photo of Dan looking straight at the camera, while both girls kissed his cheeks simultaneously.

They thanked her graciously before she walked away, then again crowded around the phone to check the results. As Dan started to write a status update tagging in his friends and adding their selection of pictures, Amy suddenly hissed a large intake of breath, and squeezed her legs tightly together, freezing like a statue on the path.

Her friends noticed her sudden movement, or lack there of, and turned in her direction, seeing her looking down at her legs.

There was a trickle of pee making its way down the inside of her legs, and making a small puddle between her feet. Amy appeared to be completely immobile, and there were people walking past them in both directions. Dan took charge, and grabbed her by the elbow, leading her onto the grass. A couple of people gave her curious stares as they passed, and appeared to notice the tell tale puddle and pair of wet footprints, but nobody said anything, choosing to just walk on by instead.

She was muttering under her breath, "Oh shitshitshit! Ugh! Shit! Danny, I'm leaking, oh God, I can't stop!"

Dan half dragged her onto the lawn, then pulled her gently down onto the grass. She allowed herself to be sat down, only scant seconds before her bladder let go completely, and a forceful stream erupted through the fabric of her pants. She sighed with relief, and shuddered almost violently, giving up all pretense of holding on, letting the hot river flow out freely into a puddle that wasn't being absorbed by the firm ground. Her thumb had found its way into her mouth, and she appeared to be sucking on it, without even realising that she was doing so.

Temporarily forgotten, Nikki stood back, completely dumbstruck. The mixture of emotions she felt was intense. Primarily, the major one, was one of fear. She had experienced firsthand the ramifications of wetting her own pants in public quite a few times, and was very familiar with the feelings it usually bought on. Fear, shame, humiliation, and despair were paramount, but only when others, especially grown ups saw her do it. Often, it would lead to tears of embarrassment. Of course if she wet herself and nobody saw it, it was fun, naughty, exciting and strangely exhilarating, and she was currently feeling all of that as well.

But others had seen her friends accident, even though nobody had said anything. She was almost positive that Amy was about to start crying, and she wouldn't blame her if she did. It was a very public spectacle that had just occurred to her friend.

The thing was, Nikki had been shocked, but had secretly enjoyed seeing it. That strange, tingly feeling was happening between her legs again, and she felt a slippery kind of moisture inside her own panties, kind of like she sometimes got after wetting herself on purpose. Different wetness than what the pee felt like. Nikki realised she was squeezing her girl bits through her wet shorts, and although she badly needed to do a wee herself, she hadn't leaked at all yet, and her need had kind of subsided a bit, overtaken by that strange tingling sensation. She focused her attention back onto Amy, ready to console her when the tears inevitably started, and waiting for her friend to stop staring at the saturated crotch of her shorts.

After a few more seconds of silent contemplation, Amy raised her head, looked at Dan, and to Nikkis surprise, she appeared to be actually smiling around her thumb, which was still between her lips.

"Oops. Daannnyy. I had a little accident. I went pee pee in my pants...."

Danny had sat down in front of his girlfriend, shielding her body with his. As Nikki stepped closer, she saw that he appeared to be concealing what looked like a baseball bat in the front of his shorts. As he sat there, it looked as though his pants were actually a tent, and he was trying to hide the tent with his hand.

"Dammit Little Amy! I thought you were a big girl," he said softly, "but you're still a little baby, aren't you?"

Still grinning around her thumb, Amy nodded her head shyly.

Nikki quickly sat down beside them, and feeling unsure about what was happening, whispered to Amy, "Are you all right mate? What happened?"

Amy removed her thumb, and smiled at her friend. "Nothing unusual Nik. I just overflowed, that's all. Remember me telling you what happens to me? Well that's it! You've seen it! All of a sudden my bladder reaches its tipping point, and just lets go. That's what my incontinence is like. I knew I was at a dangerous level, but I didn't feel any more desperate than I did ten minutes earlier, but suddenly, my bladder gets to the half full mark and just empties itself, whether I'm ready for it or not. That's why I need to wear a nappy to school."

"Yeah, but are you okay? I mean, like other people saw you! You just wet yourself in front of strangers!"

"Yeah, so? Like you said, they're strangers! I don't know 'em. Nobody said anything. Yes, it is embarrassing, but you've gotta remember, it's different for me. I wet myself in front of strangers every day! Yes, I've usually got a diaper on, and they don't see it, but I'm kinda used to it now. I guess the main reason I'm not too upset, is my shorts were already wet, and only a couple of people saw it, and nobody else can tell. Believe me, it's a lot different if I'm wearing dry pants and my nappy leaks! That's when I get upset, when I've gotta do the walk of shame in wet pants. I fucking hate that, and cry every time. Besides, we're playing a game, remember? It was kinda the whole point of it! Anyway, I'm pretty sure Danny here liked it, didn't you Catholic boy? Go on, stand up..."

Dan blushed a bright shade of red. He had his hand in his lap, and could feel his boyhood pulsing under his palm. He dare not move his hand at all, as he knew he was awfully close to ejaculating in his shorts.

"I'm comfortable right here," he mumbled.

Amy turned her attention back to Nikki.

"So Little Nikki, how are you going? Can you still hold on until your mummy gets here and takes you to the potty?"

Nikki made her mind up on the spot. She almost idolised Amy, and if Amy could do it, then so could she. She put one hand in her lap, and grabbed her crotch, and put her other hand up to her mouth, and imitating her friend, she started sucking her thumb. Putting on a little girls voice, she proudly announced, "I can hold on. Me's a big girl!"

Danny laughed at the sound of righteous indignation in her voice. "Alright Nikki, let's see if you can be a big girl, and not a naughty little kid, like Little Amy and Little Danny were. I'm gonna run my phone back to my locker. Back in a minute." Thankfully his erection had subsided, and although he was aware of a stickiness inside his pants, he was able to get up and run back to the locker room. Amy took the chance to slip her wet shirt back on over her bikini, wincing at the feel of the wet cloth.

"Jesus, I'm getting cold here Nik. You can sure tell that summers over, can't ya? I reckon after a few more wet rides, I'll be ready to get changed into dry stuff again."

Nikki was actually starting to shiver. It wasn't a very warm day, and now, by mid afternoon, the heat was leaving it quickly. She found herself gripping her crotch once more.

"Amy. I'm kinda scared....."

Looking concerned, Amy asked why.

"I really really need to pee now. I know I'm gonna have an accident, and I'm cool with that, at least I think I am. But I don't think I'm as cool about it as you are. I don't mind you and Danny seeing me, but I don't think I could handle wetting myself like you did with strangers watching me."

"Well don't then Nik! Like I toldya before, we don't want ya to do anything your not comfortable with. We're only playing silly kid games, you don't hafta do it too! Just go to the toilet."

"I really don't think I can make it Amy. I was almost gonna go when Dan left, and if you did, I think I would have, but you stayed here, and so I did to, but now I think it's too late. There's no way I can make it up those stairs again, I'll pee myself for sure! But the toilets are so far away! I don't know what to do."

Amy looked around. Nikki was right. They were in the middle of the park, and it was quite a hike back to the toilet, but even further to get to the nearest water slide. She could see Dan emerging from the locker room, and knew that by the time he got back, he wouldn't want to turn around and go back with them again. But between them and the toilets, there was the pool that they had all jumped into before.

"I've got an idea Nik. How about we get back in the pool? It's closer than anything, and it'll save us a walk. Or you could just sit here and pee on the grass?"

"No, I like the pool idea. I'd rather do it in the water I think."

A few minutes later, Dan was back, puffing slightly. Amy explained to him what was happening, and he turned to Nikki and pretended to scold her, telling her he was disappointed that she couldn't hold on longer. But he stopped as soon as he realised that her heart wasn't in the game any longer, and she really was starting to feel upset about her predicament. Making sure that she understood that he was only joking, he helped her to her feet, noticing how she grimaced uncomfortably as she stood up.

The three kids started walking towards the pool, but Nikki was noticeably silent at first, although she wasn't making any obvious signs regarding her growing desperation. As they crossed a quieter patch of lawn, she grabbed the others by the hands, bringing them to a halt.

"Look guys, I'm sorry. I feel bad because I'm not playing along, but Amys accident kinda scared me a bit. I just don't wanna have like a big accident in front of strangers."

Dan and Amy were quick to reassure her that it was okay, and her comfort was more important to them than any silly game was, but she cut them off.

"Thanks guys, but let me finish, okay? Like I said, I don't wanna pee myself in front of strangers, but I do wanna do it in front of you two. I did it earlier, and it was fun! Then I've watched you two do it, and it was amazing! I can't tell you how much I enjoyed watching it, and I really wanna do it again as well, but not where others are gonna see me."

As she talked, her pain was obvious. She couldn't stand still, and hopped from foot to foot, constantly transferring her weight from side to side. Dan, with his recently discovered pleasure in looking at girls feet, couldn't help noticing how Nikkis pretty little feet with the pink toenails kept dancing around, her small toes clenching and unclenching, almost in rhythm with each other. She drew in a sharp breath, then continued.

"I've got a plan. The lifeguards over the other side, where it's deeper, so I wanna get in on this side. You guys jump in first, then I'm gonna sit on the side of the pool, and pee my pants before I get in, and you guys can watch! Whaddya think?"

Amy tried to reassure her friend, "Nik, you don't have too mate. Just hop in and pee before you wet yourself, then we'll go and get dry."

Dan interjected then. "Amys right about you not having to show us, but I thought we were going on the slides again?"

"No Danny," Amy said, "Im bloody freezing now. Can't you see how my nipples are sticking out? I really wanna get dry soon."

Dan had to admit that yes, he had actually noticed her nipples, and thought they looked very nice, but his offer to warm them with his hands was sadly rejected. "Not today Danny boy, but maybe sometime soon though...."

Feeling himself once again start to harden up, he quickly ran to the pool and jumped in, leaving the girls giggling behind him. Nikki was wincing as she laughed, so close to wetting herself that it was getting dangerous.

Amy followed him into the water, and swam over to him, and they turned together to watch Nikki taking careful little steps, keeping her knees together, until she was able to lower herself into a seated position, with her feet in the water, and her crotch at their head height, only ten feet away.

Nikki glanced at the lifeguard first, reassuring herself that he wouldn't be able to tell what she was doing. As the day had cooled down, there were only a few hardy souls in the water, and his attention was focused mostly on a rowdy bunch of older boys raucously mucking around in the deeper water.

Dan noticed that as soon as Nikkis feet entered the water, she had squinted in discomfort, and although her blue shorts were still wet, a small, dark spot had appeared instantly as she sat down. She must've leaked a bit as her feet hit the water, but appeared to be unaware of it happening. He had been aware though, and once again, his shorts were standing to attention in front of him. But this time, standing safely with the water lapping up at his hairless chest, he was comfortable that no one could see him.

Amy stood in front of him, facing Nikki, and he pushed his firmness against the small of her back. His girlfriend didn't speak, nor turn around, but suddenly, he felt a hand encompassing his stiffness through the front of his pants. Amy had of course touched him before, but this was different. When she'd done it in the past, it had usually been a light squeeze, or a quick wipe, perhaps a gentle caress. Even when she had changed his diaper, the contact had been quick and almost minimal. This time was different though. She had grabbed him firmly, then held him, and he could feel the grip on his shaft.

He actually forgot about Nikki for a moment, until he felt Amys grip on his penis tighten slightly, and he looked up, straight at Nikkis crotch.

She was wetting herself without pause, and had her legs spread wide, as she leaned back in pleasure. He could see the pee running out of her shorts, and even got a quick glimpse of her striped panties from the leg hole of her short shorts. He stood mesmerised as the pee waterfalled off the edge of the pool into the water, and he felt his cock twitch in Amys grasp.

It was too much stimulation for the boy to bear. The sight of Nikkis crotch, pee streaming through her pants into the pool below, combined with his girlfriends grip tightening on his boyhood led to the only outcome possible.

His hips thrust forward suddenly, and he came in his pants while Amy held him.

