Cardcaptor sakura stories

Author: omofan77

*000*2014-06-23 16:11

Chapter 1: Rika

Sakura's class had outdoor classes on the beach. During the afternoon, the class swam in the ocean. As Rika spent time in the water as well, she felt pressure on her bladder. She wondered how to handle this. She could go in the ocean, but she felt if the water became warm, everyone would know what she was doing.

Having made her choice, Rika walked to the shore. "There is something I forgot to do," she told the others. "I will return in a minute," she finished with a bow. The other girls accepted this. Rika walked off looking for a bathroom. She contemplated wetting her bathing suit, but couldn't bring herself to do it. She felt more comfortable peeing with her lower clothing off.

Coming across a some bushes, Rika decided to have a tinkle there. She walked into the bushes until she was well hidden. Moving her suit to the side so her privates were exposed, Rika bent down and relaxed. Rika heard the soft sound of urine hitting the grass. She looked down and sighed in relief and giggled at the feeling of relief and enjoyment of watching her pee flow out and make a yellow puddle at her feet.

Finally, Rika's peeing slowed to a gentle trickle, the last few drops dripping from her to join the puddle in front of her. Now done, Rika wiped herself with the leaves and reajusted her swimsuit. She went back to join the others, secertly hoping for another chance to pee outside again.

Chapter 2: Chiharu

Chiharu was looking for a bathroom. As she watched some boys pass by, she thought of something. She knew how boys had it easy, able to pee standing. She even had to put up with her boyfriend Yamazaki's elaborate lies of such contests in ancient times. Still, Chiharu wondered if girls could pee as easily as boys.

Finding a tree well out of the way, Chiharu decided to try it here. Facing the tree, she pulled down her pants and panties while also lifting her skirt out of the way. First, she allowed herself to pee a little, making a small stream. She experimented, adjusting her private area in different ways and tried bending her legs.

Finally, Chiharu seemed to get in a position that worked for her. She allowed her stream to become stronger and it arched in front and hit the tree. Chiharu giggled at how fun this was. "I should do this more often," she said. As she finished, she lost control and got some urine on her. Fortunately, her clothes were well out of the way. She wiped all the wet parts on her body dry and made her way back to the others. "A little practice, and I should be better at it," she thought. After all, since everyone pees, why not make it fun?

Chapter 3: Naoko

Naoko went into the cave everyone would soon go into the next night. She wanted to enjoy the scary feeling of it. She walked a few feet into it and was soon surrounded by darkness. "Anyone or anything could be watching me and I can't see them," she said excitedly, her voice echoing off the walls. She hoped she might find ghosts in here.

She had other things to take care of first. The slight fear Naoko was experiencing was causing her bladder to weaken. She should relieve herself soon. Naoko, though enjoying scary things, always hoped not to wet herself in fear. Deciding to have some fun, Naoko chose to pee in here. Pulling her lower clothes down, she peed onto the rocks.

The darkness made it so Naoko couldn't see much. She wasn't entirely sure where the stream was hitting. The sound echoed throughout the cave and after it slowed to a trickle, the drops sounded loud and seemed to travel down the entire cave. Naoko wiped herself on something smooth. "I wonder if this a ghost that might come after me," she thought. But nothing happened. There was just an eerie silence now that the echoing drops of urine stopped. Naoko walked back out into the sun, eagerly awaiting her return to cave at night.

Chapter 4: Sakura, Tomoyo, and Sharaon

In the middle of the night, Sakura ran out the cabin, scared of Naoko's story of students disappearing in the cave they were going into. She calmed down a little after running into Sharaon. After talking a bit, Sakura returned to the cabin. "I thought she would never leave," said Sharaon. He had come out to find a private place to pee. It was a wonder he was able to listen and talk to Sakura while concealing his deperation.

Now finally alone, Sharaon stood in front of a rock. Pulling his shorts and and underwear down, he aimed and peed onto the rock, sighing in relief at finally being able to pee. He was amazed at how much urine was coming out. While waiting to finish, Sharaon decided to practice his kanji writing. Tracing his urine on the sand in a pattern, he made a symbol and finished his peeing by tinkling near it, making a puddle.

Sharaon examined the symbol he made. He was surprised to see it spelled sakura. "Why was I thinking about that word?" he asked. "Was I thinking about her? What could it mean?"

The night continued. Sakura still couldn't sleep, but now it was because of her full bladder. She wanted to relieve herself, but was still afraid of walking outside at night by herself. But if she didn't find a place to tinkle, she was sure to wet the bed. Stepping onto the floor, she was startled a bit by the creaking floor. Tomoyo was awoken by the sound. "Sakura-chan?" she asked.

Tomoyo looked at Sakura, who wasn't doing a good job hiding her desperation. Understanding, Tomoyo said, "You can come with me, Sakura-chan." Taking her hand, Tomoyo led Sakura outside. Tomoyo couldn't help but admire the cuteness of Sakura as she tried to hold it in. Thinking Sakura couldn't wait any longer, Tomoyo brought her to some secluded foliage.

Sakura blushed at thought of peeing front of her friend, but Tomoyo said, "It's all right, Sakura-chan. I'll go with you." Tomoyo peed onto the ground and the sight and sound of the stream was too much for Sakura. Pulling her bottoms to her knees and bending down, she peed very powerfully. Tomoyo was delighted at the sight of Sakura's relief and her stream of urine. While Sakura was distracted, Tomoyo touched a bit of Sakura's urine, enjoying the warmth and tickle of it. Sakura noticed and did the same to Tomoyo. The girls giggled.

After wiping on the leaves, they made their way back. Awkwardly talking about their interaction, Tomoyo finished by saying their were other ways they could have fun while peeing. Curious, Sakura agreed when they got back to Tomoyo's mansion. Tomoyo looked forward to it, having a lot fun planned for her and Sakura.

*001*2014-06-23 18:56

Sakura went to Tomoyo's mansion to have the game Tomoyo said they could have. Sakura wondered how it would go. Tomoyo had hidden her camera in her room. Of all the things filmed about Sakura, this would be a once in a lifetime shot, thought Tomoyo. It was early evening after a dinner and snacks with plenty of tea, when Sakura felt the need to pee.

"What are we doing first?" asked Sakura. "I thought you could go here as you are," said Tomoyo. "You don't have to take anything off." Sakura wasn't sure about wetting herself. "It's ok, Sakura-chan," said Tomoyo, in a soft, gentle voice. "It's just us and no one will know." She reached over and pressed a hand on Sakura, increasing her desperation. Sakura moaned in pain. The temptation to pee herself was very strong, increased by Tomoyo's gentle words.

"Just relax. You'll feel better," she said. With her other hand, she gently brushed Sakura's hair and made eye contact with her. Sakura couldn't look away from Tomoyo's gentle expression. Sakura relaxed, her panties getting warm and damp. Tomoyo placed both hands over the spot and enjoyed the warmth and wetness. Sakura's panties couldn't hold any more, and the urine began soaking her skirt. Now the pee pooled out onto the floor. Tomoyo was amazed and delighted at the sight and feel she was experiencing.

Now done, Sakura noticed Tomoyo had to go too. "Now it's your turn," said Sakura, aware of the first part of the game. "I don't know if I should," said Tomoyo, playing along. "You should," said Sakura. "It feels nice. Besides, why keep yourself from doing what's natural?" Sakura started to ticke Tomoyo. Both girls laughed and Tomoyo wet herself as well. The stain on Tomoyo wasn't as big as Sakura's. "Tomorrow we can see how much we can go," said Tomoyo.

In the middle of the night, Sakura woke up with Tomoyo next to her, feeling a need for the bathroom. When she tried to leave, Tomoyo pulled her into a hug. Seeing the smile on Tomoyo's face, Sakura understood. She let her pee wet both her nightgown and Tomoyo's who then did the same. They had a little more tea to start again in the morning. Sakura used the ERASE card to dry everything.

In the morning, both girls woke up with full bladders, from holding in the tea from last night. Tomoyo brought two teapots. Standing in front of both, the girls lifted their nightgowns, pulled down their panties, and let powerful streams flow into the teapots. Sakura finished when her teapot nearly full. However, Tomoyo wasn't finished and the pee overflowed onto the floor. "I guess I win for going the most this time," said Tomoyo.

Later, the girls tried distance. Sakura got her stream over the balcony while standing in the room. Tomoyo tried from the same spot, but her stream hit the ground a few inches short. She had to step forward so she could get it over the railing. "Nice one, Sakura-chan," admired Tomoyo.

They took the game into the garden. After all, Tomoyo had gotten a lot filmed. When both needed to go again, they tried drawing in the ground. They examined each other's drawing. "A flower," Sakura guessed at Tomoyo's drawing. "Correct," she said. "Is that Kero-chan?"

"It is," said Sakura. Tomoyo suggested drawing with each other's urine. Sakura agreed, though was unsure of it. When they were ready, Sakura pulled her skirt and panties down, Tomoyo placed her hands on Sakura.

It was a gentle feeling, thought Sakura. Tomoyo's hands were warm and she stretched Sakura's area very gently. Sakura could easily pee now. She didn't notice Tomoyo putting her fingers over the stream. Her sigh of content was at the same time as Sakura's sigh of relief. Tomoyo moved Sakura's hips slowly and soon a design was made at their feet. "It's a sakura flower," said Sakura.

For Tomoyo's turn, she told Sakura how to move her and Tomoyo sometimes slowed and increased her stream. "That's my face?" asked Sakura. "It is," said Tomoyo. It wasn't as good as she had hoped, but it was because having Sakura's hands on her was one of the best feelings ever. They finished with a game of pee tag.

Their skirts and panties off, the girls chased each other and tried to get the other wet. When Tomoyo got Sakura, Sakura tried to block the stream with her own. But Sakura finished before Tomoyo, who was waiting to release it all, getting Sakura more wet than her.

The next morning, they had one last pee together in the garden. They crossed streams and Sakura aimed at Tomoyo's feet, soaking them. "Now we're even for yesterday," said Sakura. The girls finished their game by getting the last of their streams on each other one more time. Sakura hoped to have another game with Tomoyo. She was looking forward to a rematch in pee tag with her.

*002*2014-07-19 02:10

Sakura, Tomoyo, Rika, Naoko, and Chiharu walked home from school through the park. In a secluded part covered with trees and plants, Chiharu said, "I'll catch up. I would like to go to the bathroom."

"There isn't one nearby," observed Rika. "That's ok," said Chiharu. "I don't mind going outside."

"We'll wait," said Sakura.

Chiharu went a little into the wooded area. The others caught a glimsp of her standing by a tree. They were surprised when she lowered the front of her skirt and panties and peed onto the tree in a perfect standing position. "How are you able to stand like that?" asked Naoko when Chiharu returned. "I just got the idea from Yamazaki," said Chiharu. "He talked about how easy boys have it and I wanted to see if girls could do the same so I practiced a lot. It's actually pretty fun. I can show you if you want." The others agreed.

When they arrived on the playground with the king penguin slide, Naoko said, "I thought about something else that might be fun." To everyone's surprise, Naoko went to the sand around the slide, pulled her skirt and panties down, and squatted over the sand. She relaxed and pee flowed onto the sand damping it. The spot Naoko made was a good size. "You can make sandcastles and they'll stay better," said Naoko, making a small sandcastle. Tomoyo giggled. "That is fun," she said. "I have something in mind with Sakura-chan. Do you have any ideas, Rika-chan?"

Rika, always trying to act proper, saw softly, "I might."

"If we can fun together, there's nothing wrong with it," said Sakura, noticing Rika's reaction. "I guess I can have fun with everyone like this and I wouldn't want you to be left out." Deciding it was alright among her friends, Rika climbed to the top of the slide. She looked down, wondering how to handle her clothes for what she had in mind. Seeing no solution, Rika sighed and took off her shoes and socks. Then she pulled her skirt and panties down to her feet and stepped out of them.

Naked from the waist down, Rika slid down the slide, allowing her urine to flow freely. She was able to shoot it into the air and it arched over and hit the rest of the slide. Rika slid through a puddle and hit the sand. The girls said it looked like fun. Naoko, having washed her hands, gathered some more water and gave it to Rika to wash herself. Tomoyo took Sakura's hand and led her to the top of the slide. "Just follow me," said Tomoyo. Sliding the clothes under her waist to her knees, Tomoyo keeled and peed down the slide.

Sakura did the same, joining her pee with Tomoyo's, making one yellow stream that poured down the slide. Then both reached and felt the others stream, causing both to giggle and enjoy the feeling of peeing together. Finished, Sakura threw down Rika's clothes, who had finished washing and got dressed. Feeling they could use a wash themselves, Sakura and Tomoyo went to a nearby creek and bathed themselves, joined by the other girls mostly out of fun. "I wish we could have more fun like this," said Naoko. The others agreed. "I have ideas for around school, if you want to be risky about it." The others decided to join in. Sakura was unsure, but was comforted and encouraged by Tomoyo. Finally Sakura said she would join the others. On the way back, with only Tomoyo watching, Sakura used the RAIN Card to wash away the urine everyone left behind.

The next day during break, the girls gathered in the music room where Chiharu led the others into peeing standing onto a large drum. Sakura secretly used the ERASE Card on the spot left behind later. Then Rika surprised everyone once again by coming up with an idea in cooking class. Some time later, the girls were by themselves in the classroom. Rika then peed into a bowl of flour. The others joined it, peeing into measuring cups they added to the flour or other ingredients they were later added. Curious, they decided to use their urine in the cakes they were baking. When the cakes were done, the girls talked about how they had an unusual taste, but it wasn't very strong and they could eat. Also, they got a lot of practice standing, which Chiharu said they were getting good at.

While the girls had their fun, Sharaon and Meling had their own fun. It started in class where Sharaon was waiting for the end of class. He needed a bathroom and spent the last minutes crossing his legs. Finally, he was to leave. Running, he paid no attention to his surroundings and ran into a room. "Meling?" he asked. "Why are you in here?"

"This is the girls' room," said Meling. As Sharaon looked around, he realized he was in the girls' room. Turning red, he ran out and instead of going to the nearby boys' room, kept running to get as far away as possible.

"Sharaon!" called Meling. She wondered what she should do. She needed to pee, but she was concerned for Sharaon. "My Sharaon needs me," she decided. Ignoring the pressure on her bladder, Meling ran out to find Sharaon. Sharaon was outside. He was so far from the school now. Stopping, he felt his bladder spasm. Holding himself, he looked around desperately. Seeing a pond, he walked to it. He pulled his pants and underwear down, aimed over the water, and relaxed. Sharaon couldn't help but sigh in relief as his pee hit the water, making a splashing sound and a yellow bubbly spot. He continued to pee for over a minute before he was done. Pulling his underwear and pants up, he went back inside, hoping no one would find out about the recent events.

Meling was also outside. She guessed she would have to find Sharaon. "But I really got to go right now," she thought. Spotting a tree, Meling ran to it. Panting, she pulled her skirt and panties to her knees and bent down. She relaxed and watched her pee escape her bladder very fast. Meling sighed in relief and closed her eyes, completely immersed in the wonderful feeling of relief. Finally, after what felt like a long time later, she could hear and feel her stream slow to a soft trickle. Meling watched as the final drops dipped into the large bubbly yellow puddle she made. Going to a nearby pond, she washed herself clean.

Later at their apartment, Sharaon didn't say anything to Meling. After a while, she asked Sharaon to join her at the balcony in his room. When they were outside, Meling lifted her dress, brought her panties to her feet, leaned back and peed over the railing in front of Sharaon. Smiling, he joined in, crossing streams with Meling while he remembered a time in Hong Kong. Unable to wait for his sisters to finish in the bathroom, Sharaon had went outside to pee on a bush. As he started peeing, Meling walked up. After a quick look at each other, Meling bent down and peed onto the bush along with Sharaon. Afterwards, they guessed their relationship would never be the same.

Now Meling invited Sharaon for more fun on the balcony. This time however, Meling didn't take anything off. She let her pee soak her panties, then her outer clothing and finally over the railing. Sharaon decided to try it too. He peed into his underwear, then his shorts and over the railing. The cousins laughed as they admired the spots on their clothing and their streams this time and last time. They changed and went to bed, Sharaon feeling better over the day.

During the strawberry picking trip, Sakura, Tomoyo, Rika, Naoko, and Chiharu came up with the idea of peeing on the strawberries. Sakura convinced the others to invite Meling. Meling joined the other girls, dragging Sharaon with her. Meling and the others asked Sharaon to have fun with them, saying they didn't care he was a boy. He was their friend and they wanted to have fun together. "You can stand next to Meling-chan," said Tomoyo. "We've got nothing to hide," said Meling. "I've taken baths with my father and older brother, so it's all right," said Sakura.

Finally agreeing, Sharaon peed onto the strawberries on the plant with the other girls. He tried to look only at Meling, but couldn't help but notice Sakura. Now he was sure he felt something strange about her. Afterwards, they decided to try the strawberries they tinkled on. "The ones you used are so sweet, Sakura-chan," said Tomoyo. Sharaon secretly thought the same as well. Everyone tried at least one strawberry everyone peed on. They agreed, even Sharaon, all of them were still pretty good and it was fun. Sharaon felt a little more comfortable having a private moment with girls he was friends with, even to his confusion, Sakura. He wondered if he would get another chance to pee with the others again. Heading back to the class, Tomoyo secretly took and ate all the strawberries Sakura peed on.

*003*2014-07-26 01:34

After the final card became a Sakura Card and Sakura and Sharaon came together, Sakura and Tomoyo spent an afternoon together in Tomoyo's mansion. After some tea and both girls had full bladders, they decided to play an old game. Knowing they could use the ERASE card, they had fun peeing on things in Tomoyo's room, from on the carpet to the bed and out the balcony, ending by wetting themselves. Afterwards, Sakura used ERASE and all stains vanished and their clothes were dry.

"It's a same we can only use one card for our fun," said Sakura. "Why don't we see if we can use other cards as well?" suggested Tomoyo. "We can have Li-kun and Meling-chan join us as well." Sakura seemed interested and asked the others, who joined in out of curiousity. They decided to take turns using a card they thought they could use with peeing. With all the cards laid out, Sakura went first. Going with her most used card, she chose WINDY.

Coming up with an idea, Sakura laid on Tomoyo's bed and pulled her shorts and panties off. Peeing into the air, she summoned WINDY, creating a powerful wind that blew Sakura's urine a great distance and out the window. Everyone was impressed. Tomoyo went next. She picked up SWEET. Taking a cup, Tomoyo peed into it and Sakura called forth SWEET, who placed sprinkles into the cup. The yellow pee turned pink and Tomoyo sipped. "It's so sweet now," she said. Everyone took a sip and agreed it had a very sweet flavor.

Sharaon chose his most used card next, TIME. They went to the park, which was full of people. Sakura used TIME to stop time for everyone except her, Tomoyo, Sharaon, and Meling. Knowing how much power it took for Sakura to use TIME, Sharaon hurried to a spot in front of everyone. Pulling his shorts and underwear down, he peed onto the grass where everyone could see, but only Sakura, Tomoyo, and Meling noticed. As soon as he finished, Sakura resumed time, exhausted from the strength needed to use TIME.

Meling, who was drinking as much juice as she could, gave some to Sakura. "This will give your strength back," she said. "It'll also help make you ready for your turn again," said Tomoyo. As Sakura drunk, Meling could feel the need to pee. "Use SLEEP," she said. Sakura used the card and everyone in the park fell asleep. Running to the spot Sharaon peed on, Meling slid her shorts and panties to her knees, bent down, and released a strong stream near Sharaon's spot. "That was more than mine," said Sharaon, as everyone examined the spots afterward.

In a secluded spot, Sakura used FLY. With wings on her staff, Sakura rode on it in the air, her clothes out of the way as she relaxed. Pee sprinkled onto the ground from the sky, and it seemed to everyone else a rainbow appeared. "Anyone else want to try?" asked Sakura on the ground. The others eagerly agreed. Tomoyo joined Sakura in the sky, watching as her pee fell a long way to the ground. Sharaon went next. After watching his girlfriend pee in such a way, he didn't feel so uncomfortable anymore and just relaxed and didn't mind Sakura watching. Everyone went back after Meling had a turn and admitted to each other the nice feeling of wind in a private place.

As Tomoyo decided on another card, she remembered a way of tinkling Naoko used. Tomoyo chose SAND next. The card made a large area of sand. Tomoyo led the others in peeing on the sand, making dark spots that made it easy to make sandcastles. They finished by covering their lower bodies in sand and peed, enjoying the nice feeling they experienced of soft sand and pee mixed together. The sand vanished with ERASE.

When Sharaon was ready for another turn, he chose SNOW. With a large area of snow, he peed out Sakura's name, thinking no girl could do the same. He was surprised when all three girls stood and peed out symbols as well. Standing next to him, Sakura peed out Sharaon's name with a heart. Both smiled at each other and held hands, admiring the others work. Meling and Tomoyo worked to pee out a poem. Meling wrote the first few verses and Tomoyo finished the rest. The others were impressed at the elegance of the symbols formed and Sharaon admitted he could never write so beautifully. "We can all practice together," said Sakura, but mostly to Sharaon, as she thought mostly the two of them would make a good team. Her practitcing standing with Sharaon while he learned graceful writing from Sakura. Tomoyo secertly agreed to practice writing with Sakura, so she could teach Sharaon.

Looking over the cards, Meling chose DASH. She led the others to one side of the mansion. "I will run all the way from the other side to here," she said. Walking to the other side, which took a couple minutes, Meling used DASH and appeared in front of the others, already peeing on a tree within seconds. Then Meling paused and ran to another spot a few feet away within a second and peed there. When she was done, Meling peed on a series of spots several yards apart from each one.

Sakura chose MIRROR next and said she would use it at school. During class, Sakura used MIRROR to create an image of herself. As it sat, no one but Tomoyo, Sharaon, and Meling noticed as the real Sakura snuck out the room into the empty hallway and peed out the window. This gave Tomoyo an idea for her next turn. She picked ILLUSION next. Sakura used it to create an illusion of Tomoyo watering classroom flowers when she was asked to, while everyone else didn't see Tomoyo peeing onto the flowers.

When Sharaon took another turn, he chose WOOD. Sakura made a large tree that enough space for all four of them to stand by side by side. Sharaon aimed and peed onto the tree along with Meling. Sakura and Tomoyo started peeing in a normal girl poistion, but watching Sharaon, Sakura stood next to him, and holding hands, both crossed streams and made a large puddle at their feet. Later, Meling chose MIST and peed openly while people walked by, hidden by a mist.

Sakura chose LITTLE next. At a small size, Sakura peed on a plant in Tomoyo's hallway as servants walked by, unable to see Sakura. Selecting WATERY, Tomoyo led the others into peeing into a large body of water, then peeing while in the water. Everyone liked feeling the warm water each other created. Soon Sharaon was next. As he thought about one card, he asked Sakura, "How would you like to go like a boy? I could also go like a girl." He chose CHANGE. Sakura happily agreed.

Both of them alone in the garden, Sharaon felt a little uneasy peeing in Sakura's body, so Sakura in Sharaon's body used the RAIN card. The falling water increased their need to go. Sakura pulled down Sharaon's clothes and without thinking too much about it, held herself so she could aim and made an arc of pee easily in front of her. Sharaon did the same, lowering himself onto the grass. Without needing to hold himself, he tried not to look too much at Sakura's private area and peed like a girl. He couldn't help but watch as he made a puddle before his feet, experiencing how girls peed. Afterward, Sakura cleaned Sharaon in her body with BUBBLES.

When Sakura and Sharaon returned to their bodies, Meling used the JUMP. Making large jumps, she made large golden arcs that rose serveral feet into the air. Sakura followed with BIG, no longer feeling uneasy when she became big. Sakura's stream was very large, like a golden waterfall, which splashed everywhere, and the others felt some of the spray, leading to laughter from all four of them. Then Tomoyo suggested they all use CREATE.

Meling used the card to create young versions of the girls that they taught peeing standing. It was a strange feeling as they held the private areas of their younger selves, but they were soon able to pee like their older selves. Sharaon meanwhile, wrote a scenario where everyone could pee together without any thought of it. Soon they became a part of it, where all four peed everywhere they could, in streets, alleys, and throughout school, joined in with Chiharu, Naoko, and Rika, who all had fun together. Tomoyo added a part to CREATE where everyone stood side by side and as each one peed, a different musical sound appeared and when everyone tinkled together, the most beautiful song was heard for miles.

Sakura wrote a scenario invloving a fountain. When all the girls and Sharaon came upon it, the need to pee came over them. Everyone walked across the empty basin and stood on a raised tier. Then everyone peed a clear stream into the larger basin. But their streams didn't stop. They continued to flood the area under them and the level slowly rose. No one minded, as they enjoyed the fun there were having and were glad it would last for a time. Finally the streams slowed down to a trickle and the last drops dripped into the water below.

The fountain was full of their pee, but the color was crystal clear. Together they had made the most beautiful fountain in the city. They all loved watching the sparkling water cycle through and pour into the crystal clear water. It was a story Sakura, Tomoyo, Sharaon, and Meling were glad to write and be a part of. They agreed to play their game with the cards, each using a card the other used this time, as much as they could. It was the most fun all four had together.

