Polly And Megan Make Videos

Author: Barry

*000*2020-08-25 23:46

Hi everyone. I’m back with a new idea for a story!

As most of my regular readers know, I like my stories to feature lots of wetting and desperation content, but only if it’s in someway realistic. I’m always trying to come up with new scenarios that fit this criteria. So, I’ve come up with an idea about two friends who decide to start making wetting videos for fun and profit. After this first, set up chapter, there is scope for a lot of wetting scenes.

I hope you enjoy it.

THE NECESSARY BACKSTORY

Megan and Polly first became friends during their freshman year of college. They were probably drawn together by the fact that they were both vaguely outcasts in the highly defined social structure of their school.

Megan was a chubby girl, slightly short of stature, with plain brown hair, wide hips, and black framed glasses. She had a very “loud” personality, and wasn’t shy at all. She wouldn’t take any crap from anybody, and could be very outspoken about any topic that she was passionate about, and she was passionate about a lot of topics. Although she wasn’t a typical “Popular Girl,” she was very social, and blended in easily with most demographics. If she didn’t, her “screw them” attitude served her very well.

Now people say that opposites attract, and that certainly seemed to be the case with Polly. Tall, stick thin, quiet, and very shy. Polly spent most of her time just trying not to be noticed, or make any waves.

She was a plain but pretty girl, with alabaster skin, blonde hair, and slightly green eyes, although she never made any major efforts to look any more than nice and presentable, preferring to just simply blend into the background rather than stand out.

Neither girl could precisely recall exactly how or when their friendship had started, but somewhere along the line, they had become firm friends. They often joked with each other that they were like two sides of the same coin, and their differences offset one another perfectly, each being a perfect foil for their own individual flaws.

###

THE FIRST WETTING INCIDENT

As with most stories of this genre, there is usually a moment or an incident that sets the ball rolling in the right direction. A “Butterfly Effect” moment if you will. For Megan and Polly, it was the night of the free concert in the park....

“Come on slow poke, drink up!”

Polly took another little sip of her hard cider, and gave Megan a good look at her middle finger in the process. Typical Megan! Always wanting to get buzzed before they went out. Polly did like a drink, but her friend really went hard at it sometimes, and always tried to get Polly to join in too.

She burped. “Get stuffed Meegs. I already told you, I’ll just have a couple. After all, someone has to keep their head clear enough to look after you!”

Megan downed the remainder of her beer in three big gulps, and grinned at her friend. They were drinking in the basement of Megan’s parents house, where a small but comfortable flat was where she called home. Ideally, she would like to move out, to find her own place, but that wasn’t possible as a poor first year college student.

“Come on Pol, I’m not that bad! I promise I’ll behave myself tonight, but we really should get a buzz going first. Won’t be anything to drink while we’re there!”

Polly shook her head, trying to look disappointed, but failing to hide her grin. “You don’t HAVE to be buzzed every time we go out, ya know?”

“Yeah. But that’s no fun, Miss Polly Perfect!”

The friendly, tipsy banter continued for awhile, until the time came to eventually leave, and catch the bus.

Being stereotypical broke students, going out to actual concerts was a rare event, but tonight, a Saturday, was a rare treat. Their local shire was hosting a free “Concert-In-The-Park,” complete with food stalls and various family entertainment, and a few friends (Of Megans naturally) were playing in a band. So after another couple of drinks, (Three for Megan, one for Polly,) they headed out to catch the bus. The park wasn’t far, and the ride would only take about twenty minutes.

Being a warm summer evening, Megan was dressed in a short sleeved black slip on shirt, a mid thigh length denim skirt, and flats, while Polly was dressed more conservatively in jeans and a yellow blouse, with Converse. She admired Megans self confidence. She just didn’t feel entirely comfortable in a skirt that didn’t go past the knees, and her legs were a lot more shapely than her friends. Maybe shapely wasn’t the right word. Megan’s legs certainly had a shape to them, just a much bigger, rounder, fuller shape tan what Pollys did. As per her normal attitude though, Megan couldn’t give a hoot about whether she was a bit on the larger size or not, and simply dressed for comfort.

Once they were clear of the house, Megan paused, pulling a small tin from her handbag, then extracting a small, hand rolled cigarette, which had a strange, sweet aroma when lit.

Polly rolled her eyes. “Not again Meegs? I thought you weren’t gonna mix weed with alcohol again? Remember how you spewed up everywhere last time?”

Megan shrugged, taking a deep drag, then passing it on to her friend. Despite her previous objections, Polly did take a quick hit before passing it back. She didn’t mind a small smoke occasionally, but wouldn’t drink too much beforehand. Besides, even if she did try to refuse, Megan would no doubt badger her until she caved in. It was easier this way.

“Relax Pol. I’ve only got this small one. Got it off my brother this morning. It’s hardly enough to do anything.”

“Except you’re doing it on six beers,” she muttered, but to no avail.

“Shit,” Megan muttered, as they approached the bus stop, just in time to see the rear end of the bus departing. “How long before the next one comes along?”

This was a perfect Polly question. She was always the one with important stuff like bus and class timetables at the forefront of her brain, and she answered instantly.

“Chill Meegs. Only about twenty minutes.”

“Aw shit,” Megan replied. “I really need to pee.”

Polly rolled her eyes. “Seriously? We just left home! Why on earth didn’t you go before we left?”

“Because I didn’t wanna miss the bus?” Megan replied sheepishly.

Polly burst out laughing, causing Megan to snort, then bend over with her hands in her lap, and her legs crossed.

“Bitch! Don’t make me laugh! I’ll pee myself!”

For Megan, the twenty minute wait was almost interminably long, then she had the bus ride still in front of her to go. Although she didn’t make a huge deal of it, Polly was well aware of how Megan kept her legs pressed tightly together, occasionally crossing her ankles, and mumbling under her breath with discomfort. Finally the nearly empty bus arrived, and with wobbly legs, she boarded first, dragging Polly all the way to the empty back seat, well away from the other few passengers. She slid to the side, so there was a bench seat in front of her.

Polly had a very minor buzz going, and had to try not to giggle. “Why are we sitting in the back Meegs? Are we now the cool kids or something?”

“Fat chance,” came the reply. “I really need to pee. This is more private.”

Polly paused. “What? You’re not going to do it on the bus! Are ya?”

Megan put a hand up her skirt, pressing her fingers against her pee hole, which was inside her hot pink satin panties.

“Not on purpose, doofus. But seriously, I don’t think I’m gonna make it....”

They lapsed into silence, Polly suddenly understanding the gravity of the situation, while Megan was distracted by her quivering pee hole, and the way her high kept increasing. She was already stoned, but it seemed to be getting deeper and heavier the longer she sat there. Normally, this would be perfect, but now, it was a distraction that she didn’t need. Her lower stomach was starting to ache, and she could almost feel the urine building up in her urethra, making every bump or turn of the bus almost intolerable.

The bus went over a bump, and was travelling maybe just a little bit fast, and both girls were bounced up off the seat for a second. Megan still had her hand pressed tightly against her panties, and suddenly, her fingers got warm.

“Shit! I just leaked,” she whispered almost violently to her friend. “Come on. We have to get off. NOW!”

“But Meegs, we’re almost there. Can’t you hold on? It’s only like two more stops?”

Megan stood up, and pressed the stop button. “Polly, I just peed myself a bit, and I’m about to lose it altogether. Come on! You have to stay with me here!”

The bus stopped, and they got off. Once safely on the sidewalk, the bigger girl turned around. “Is my butt wet?” She asked.

Polly looked, but her friends ample backside still looked dry, and the faded denim would certainly show up any wetness that was there, so she was quick to put her friends mind at ease, but one burning question still remained.

“Now what, Einstein? There’s no toilets here! Toldya we should’ve stayed on the bus.”

Megan grabbed her by the arm, pulling her towards a small, local park, that intersected some houses. It wasn’t really a park in the true sense of the word, more of a grassed strip between the houses with various paths leading into it for a pedestrian shortcut. “There,” she almost shouted, dragging Polly along with her.

Polly didn’t quite understand exactly what Megans plan was. The grass area was almost totally devoid of trees or bushes that could act as a screen, and there definitely wasn’t any facilities available, but she let herself get pulled along beside an increasingly desperate Megan. Suddenly, their direction changed, as Megan led her onto a side path the dissected two groups of houses, which both had high fences concealing their individual back yards. Yes, nobody from the houses could see them, but the path itself was wide open and completely visible from both ends. There still wasn’t anywhere private that a person could seek relief.

“Here. This’ll have to do,” Megan stage whispered, as she hopped from foot to foot, and started digging around frantically inside her handbag.

Polly was smirking, but looking a bit worried at the same time.

“Do? What do you mean, ‘Do?’ Come on Meegs! You can’t go here! Look! It’s wide open!”

Megan was kicking off her shoes on the middle of the concrete path, which was more difficult than usual, as she was keeping her knees firmly pressed together as she searched her bag. She smiled as she pulled her cell phone out, unlocked it, switched it on, then passed it to her friend.

“Here! I need a favour. Don’t ask any questions, just do as I say, ok?”

Polly took the phone, with a look of confusion. “Oookayyyy.....what do you want?”

Megan was flushed, with either embarrassment or desperation, but she was wearing what could only be described as a wicked grin on her face.

“Film me,” she said, issuing a deep breath after forcing the words out.

“Wait. What?”

“Film me. Just not my face, if you can help it. I can always edit it later, but it’s a lot easier if you can just keep my face out of it. Also, not just me, I want you to like film where we are. You know, like pan around a bit? But make sure you have the camera firmly on my panties when it happens. Don’t worry about the sound, I’ll cut all the sound out later.”

Polly was confused. “What do you mean, when it happens? When what happens? What am I filming?”

“I said no questions, just start filming!” Megan hissed, wincing at the tingly feeling at her pee hole. It was about to come out. She couldn’t stop it.

Polly was gobsmacked. She literally couldn’t think of a single thing to say, so she wordlessly took the offered phone. This didn’t make any sense to her at all, but Megans desperation was obvious, and if that’s what she wanted.....

“Come on Pol, start filming. Pan around. Quick!”

In a daze, Polly started filming. She looked back at the way they had come, then turned around slowly, her back to Megan, as she took in the area in front of them. At the moment, both parts were still vacant of people.

“Ohohohoh! Quick! Here it comes,” she heard from behind. “Make sure you get this! Remember. No face,”

Polly turned around, trying to keep everything in focus at the same time. What she saw, was enough to almost make her drop the phone in shock.

Megan was standing there, legs slightly spread, barefoot with her shoes kicked well clear, and her denim skirt hitched up past her waist, showing her pink satin panties to anyone that should be looking. Polly had no sooner gotten over her shock, when Megan hitched those panties up firmly against her sex, and a dark shadow of wetness started spreading across the front of them.

“Make sure you get this,” she whispered, as the pee started racing down both her legs, coating her feet, forming an ever growing puddle between and around them, her red painted toes curling as she breathed a deep sigh of relief.

“My feet. Make sure you get my feet,” Megan hissed, so Polly dutifully let the camera pan down her legs, recording the solid waterfall that was cascading down, to where her feet were splashing in the ever growing puddle.

Time seemed to freeze altogether, but Megans relief only lasted for around fifteen seconds, although the puddle on the cement was huge by the time she had finished. Polly kept nervously looking around, fully expecting someone to appear on the path at any moment, but it looked like luck was on their side.

“Quick. Last one. Zoom in on my pussy,” came the instructions, and again, she did as she was told, refocusing on Megans glistening crotch, as the girl pulled her sodden panties up tight enough to give her a camel toe, as the last of her pee bubbled through them, causing her to shiver and sigh.

Polly didn’t know what to expect next, so she kept recording, as Megan grabbed some tissues from her bag, and quickly wiped her legs and blotted the front and crotch of her panties, then stepped onto the grass and wiped her feet, and slipped her shoes on.

They paused just long enough for a close up of the massive pee puddle, then hurriedly walked away. Just as they were exiting the park, a guy came jogging past them, and they burst out laughing and ducked around the corner, hoping to get away before he saw the lake that had formed on the concrete. Polly waited until they were safely down the street before she spoke.

“Meegs? What. The. Fuck. Was. That?”

Megan was flushed, and looked embarrassed, but she was grinning. “That, my dear Polly, is sixty dollars. Fifty of which is pure profit.”

Whatever answer Polly was expecting, this wasn’t it. She just looked blankly at her friend.

“Look. Poll. Jeez. This is hard. But I kinda started a thing. Like a Tumblr thing. Plus an OnlyFans thing. Something I saw online to make money.”

“Make money how? I’m not following you. Christ Meegs. You just peed your pants!”

“For profit Pol, for profit. I found out that there’s people who will pay good money for videos of me peeing my pants, even more if they get the pants to keep! Some guy is paying me sixty bucks to wear these panties for two days, and to pee in them. They only cost me ten bucks to buy! I wore them yesterday, and today, and I was gonna film myself wetting them in the bathtub later, but I couldn’t hold on! I wasn’t going to waste the opportunity to film it just because I had an accident!”

“But now what? Your knickers are soaked!”

Megan shrugged. “So what? They’ll dry out soon, and it’s easy money,” she lowered her voice, “Feels kinda good, too.”

To say Polly was shocked at this additional comment would be a massive understatement. “What the hell do you mean by that?”

Megan shrugged. “Exactly what it sounds like. I actually don’t mind the feeling. Makes me feel kind of sexy, and naughty.” She glanced sideways at her companion. “Tell the truth, Pol. You must’ve wet your pants before?”

Polly blushed. “Yeah. Of course I have. Not a lot since I was little, but I’ve had accidents before.”

“Did you hate it?”

“Well I didn’t like it,” she spluttered. “It’s not a big deal if nobody knows about it, I guess. Thankfully, no one has ever seen me.”

“Sooooo, you didn’t hate it?”

Polly almost answered straight away, but forced herself to pause, and consider it.

“Honestly? I guess it didn’t realllllyyyyy bother me, but mainly because nobody knew about it, until now I guess.”

Megan threw the handful of tissues into a bin they were walking past, and wiped her hands on the back of her skirt. When she spoke, her voice had an edge of excitement about it.

“You know Polly, I’ve got a great idea! You and me should totally go into business together! With both of us doing this, it makes filming a lot easier, and we could double the output!”

Pollys jaw dropped. “Whaaaaat? Are you fucking insane? Why on earth would I do that?”

“Two-three hundred bucks a week. Each. Tax free. What about that?”

Polly had to admit, it sounded interesting.

“Let’s talk about it,” she said.

*005*2020-09-16 08:02

Chapter Two

Suddenly, the concert in the park was less interesting, and when Megan suggested that they stop in the local pub for a drink first, Polly happily agreed.

“Sit over there?” Polly asked, gesturing towards a small table.

“Um, actually, I think I’m better off standing,” Megan replied, blushing a bit.

It took Polly a second to comprehend why this was so, but when the penny dropped, she blushed a bit herself. They took their drinks outside into the beer garden, and found a quiet spot over to one side, well away from the other patrons where they could talk quietly without being overheard.

“So? Fess up! I’m dying here! You gotta tell me everything! Like how did you even come up with this mad scheme?”

Megan looked mildly uncomfortable, but excited at the same time. She was obviously a bit embarrassed, but also seemed really keen to explain the details.

“I saw it on a few Tumblr sites I’m on. People, well girls in particular, sharing videos of themselves wetting, and selling their panties afterwards. It looks like there’s a good market for it, so I thought I’d give it a go!”

“So how long have you been doing it for?” Polly was intrigued.

“This was my first time,” Megan explained. “I bought these panties, uploaded a few pics of me wearing them, and asked if anyone would be interested in watching me wet them, then buy them off me. The response was incredible! Within half an hour, this dude, well I guess it’s a dude, transferred the money straight to me! He asked me to wear them for two days, and wet them at least once, and film it. Easy as that!”

Polly was impressed, but also had at least one burning question.

“Ok. Cool. But how did you find out about this stuff in the first place Meegs? I mean, my Tumblr doesn’t show me stuff like that?”

The blush on Megans face deepened to the point where it looked possible to light a cigarette off her cheeks, but she plowed on with determination, after taking a deep breath.

“Don’t judge me, alright Pol? But, I kinda like stuff like that. Look. I know it’s weird, but there’s lots of people who are into it. It’s called Omorashi. Being desperate to pee, and wetting yourself. Like a sexual kink kinda thing. I can’t explain why, but I really like it. I have done for as long as I can remember. It makes me horny.”

Polly, unsure of exactly what to say, took a moment to sip on her drink, trying to mentally sort out just what she’d heard. After an short but uncomfortable silence, she tentatively proceeded.

“So, you like get turned on by pee play stuff. Like holding on and wetting yourself, is that it?”

It was Megans turn to lapse into silence, which was unusual, and she sipped her drink and nodded.

“Wow. You never said anything about this before.”

“Of course I fucking didn’t,” she hissed. “It’s not like something that just comes up in general conversation, is it?”

“Ok, ok. Don’t get antsy Meegs. I’m not judging, I’m just trying to understand all of this. Like how? When? Why? What started this?”

As per her normal, when she got excited or nervous, she distracted herself by draining her beer. Polly had barely touched hers, so Megan got herself another one, while her mind raced, trying to work out exactly what she should or shouldn’t say. When she returned, she began to explain.

“Honestly, I don’t really know. When I was a little kid, I’d wet myself sometimes. Not always accidentally either. If I was playing outside and had a dress or skirt on, I’d simply do my tinkle through my panties on the lawn. My mum didn’t seem to mind much, so long as it was outside. I always peed in my swimsuit too. I loved doing that.”

Polly nodded. “I get that part. I did too. I think nearly all kids do that. It’s part of playing in water I guess.”

“Yeah! Exactly! But I never really grew out of it. As I got older, I stopped deliberately wetting myself when mum could find out, but I still did it in private sometimes, like before I had a shower or something, then I’d hide my knickers until they were dry. I didn’t do it all the time, but I kept doing it. Then when I was thirteen, I discovered something...”

Polly was intensely interested by now, especially since her friend had lowered her voice to almost a whisper. “What? What did you discover?”

Megan grinned. “That if I peed in my panties, then rubbed the wet spot, that I would cum.”

Both of the girls burst into laughter at that, making a few people look towards them.

“So, that’s about it,” she continued. “It just kind of went on from there. I guess the naughty, free feelings from when I was little just kinda morphed into it being a turn on. I started searching for stuff online, found out that I wasn’t the only person in the world who did it, and it went from there! It’s a lot more common that what you think.”

Polly nodded. “No doubt. I mean obviously I’ve heard of it before. Are you one of those Adult Babies Meegs?”

She shook her head. “Nah. That’s a bit weird for me. Although I will admit, I’d be happy to try wearing a diaper one day. Just to see what it feels like.”

Polly almost choked on her drink. “What? Really? You’d wear a nappy?”

“SHHHHHH! Fuck sake Pol. Keep it down, ok? But yes. I’d like to try that one day. Now how about you? You said you’ve wet yourself before and didn’t actually hate it. Tell me what it’s like for you?”

Pollys natural defences were down a bit. The alcohol, small amount of pot, and the excitement of what she’d seen all combined in a heady mixture, and she felt uncharacteristically open to what would normally be an uncomfortable conversation.

“Okay. I’ll let you in on a secret too. Nobody in the whole wide world knows this, except me and my parents. But I used to wet the bed when I was a kid. Like almost every night, till I was about nine or ten. I used to wear pull ups to bed every night. I didn’t go to a single camp or sleepover until I was twelve, because I was always too scared of what might happen.”

Megan punched her lightly on the arm. “Awww. You poor thing. That must’ve been hard. What about during the day? Did you ever have accidents?”

“A few I guess. I mean, doesn’t every kid at some point? I never ever had one at school though, so that’s something. But yeah, I peed my pants a few times I guess.”

“How did your parents react? Did they ever get mad at you?”

Polly shook her head. “Nah. I mean mum wouldn’t be super impressed if it happened, she might’ve scolded me a little, but not too much. I guess the fact that I wet in my sleep might’ve softened the blow a bit. You know, made it less of a big deal?”

“That makes sense,” Megan agreed. “When was the last time you had an accident?”

Polly blushed. “Honestly? A few weeks ago, leaving your place actually. I sneezed while riding my bike home, and a bit came out. I can get a leak sometimes if I cough, laugh or sneeze unexpectedly.”

“Stress incontinence,” Megan said with authority.

Polly nodded. “Yeah. Believe me, I’ve looked it up. I know it happens. Thankfully for me, it’s usually only a little leak, not like a big accident.”

“When was your last big accident, Pol?”

She considered this in silence for a few seconds. “My last big one? Like a full on accident? A few years ago, aged about fifteen I guess. I wet myself walking home from school. I never liked the school toilets, and I always tried to wait until I got home, but I didn’t make it that day. I was wearing jeans too. Totally soaked myself, and mum saw me. Really embarrassing.”

“I’ll bet,” said Megan. “How good is your bladder control? Not talking about little sneeze pee stuff, but holding on in general?”

Polly shrugged. “Not bad, I guess. To be honest, I don’t ever really try to hold on too long. Since I wet my pants that day, I always try and use the toilet whenever I can. It taught me a lesson, that’s for sure! What about you?”

“Mines okay I guess, but not perfect. What happened earlier was really a proper accident. I didn’t do that on purpose. I really like holding on, but if I do that for too long, I’ll end up wetting myself and I can’t help it, but that’s kind of what turns me on as well. The feeling of losing control for real. I mean wetting my pants on purpose is fun, but not as exciting as having a real, unplanned accident! That’s why I’d like to try diapers one day. I think it would be so cool to have a big nappy on in public, and be busting to go, then accidentally lose control for real, like what happened earlier. Look. I know you must think I’m weird, but to me, that’s exciting!”

Polly nodded. “Believe it or not, I do kinda get that? I mean, the whole being nervous and naughty bit I guess. As you know, I’m not the most talkative person going around, especially in a large group. I just don’t like opening up very much. But deep down, it does feel kind of nice to have secrets that nobody else knows about. Look. I’ll tell you one of mine. I really like taking nude pictures of myself sometimes....”

Megan paused with her drink up close to her mouth. “What? You send naughty photos?”

Immediately Polly blushed. “NO! Nonononono! I’d never do that! But I do like taking the photos and deleting them later. It makes me feel kind of, I don’t know, squirmy? Naughty? Like I’m doing something really bad, but I’m getting away with it?”

Megan grinned. “EXACTLY! That’s kind of what I feel like with wet knickers on. Like now. Here we are, surrounded by total strangers, and I’m wearing soaked panties. But nobody knows! It makes me feel kinda sexy somehow!”

They finished their drinks, and left the pub, making their way towards the park. When they were still a block away, Polly leant over and stage-whispered to her friend.

“Man. I wish I hadda gone to the loo before we left the pub! I’m busting all of a sudden.”

She punched Megans arm. “It’s your damn fault. You distracted me too much!”

Megan gave her a sly glance. “You could always just wet yourself you know. We could film it. Not your face of course, but I’m sure we could sell it online....”

Polly was horrified. “Are you fucking mental? I’m wearing jeans you idiot!”

“Just a suggestion,” Megan replied with a grin.

Once they entered the park, Polly almost dragged Megan towards the toilet block, that unfortunately had a line up of women waiting at the door.

“Typical,” she muttered. “Come on. Are you coming with me?”

“Nah. You go. I’ll just wait here, I hate public toilets,” so Polly took to the end of the line by herself.

The line moved slowly, and Polly soon found that her need to pee was increasing more and more with every passing minute. What had started out as a mild need, was very quickly becoming very uncomfortable. There were at least eight ladies or girls in front of her, and after five minutes, only four had managed to get in. She felt a bloating sensation developing in her lower stomach area, and an uncomfortable quivering between her legs. She became aware that her toes were clenching and unclenching inside her Converse, and she shifted her weight slightly, pressing her thighs together. To make matters worse, no other person in line seemed to be feeling the same level of desperation that she was feeling. A couple of girls were chatting quietly to each other, and most everyone else were glued to their phones.

Trying to ignore her aching bladder and twitchy, slightly damp pee hole, Polly took her own phone out, and absentmindedly switched it on. Almost immediately, a message notification appeared, from Megan.

“Haha! You look desperate! Shoulda wore a dress or skirt like me! Sucka!”

Despite herself, she grinned, although she felt herself blushing a bit at the same time at the inference. Damn it! Even if she DID wear a skirt, there was absolutely no way that she would ever wet herself on purpose! At least not in public. Although, Megans idea of doing it for profit DID sound like it could have some merit in it.....

The line moved forward again, as another two girls left the toilet, and two more went in. Only four left now before her turn. She shuddered slightly, dreading what the state of the toilets would be like by the time she got in there. Honestly, the ladies room could be just as bad as the men’s room sometimes. It was almost as if some girls deliberately peed all over the seat and floor.

Ohhh. Despite telling herself that she couldn’t possibly do a potty dance in public, Polly suddenly crossed her ankles, and put a hand protectively against her pubic mound. She had felt her urine starting to move inside her, like it was about to surge straight through her urethra, and explode into her pants. She removed her hand from between her legs, feeling the heat rising in her face, but thankfully not inside her panties. Yet.

She started to look around anxiously, wondering if there were any other options available to her. Shit. She’d even contemplate going behind a bush at this point! But alas, there simply wasn’t anywhere else she could go. Her mind tracked back to when she had wet herself walking home from school years ago, and she couldn’t remember being this desperate back then. The sudden realisation that she was about to publicly wet herself filled her with a mixture of fear and shame.

And excitement.

What?! Where the fuck did that thought come from?

She recrossed her legs the other way, not caring how she must look anymore. If she didn’t do it, the pee would be running down her legs at any given moment. Her phone pinged again.

“You look so hot and desperate Pol! We should totally be filming this! You’re a natural! ”

Polly shivered. Of course Megan was watching. She could only hope that her desperation wasn’t as obvious to anybody else.

The strange thing was, knowing that her friend was not only watching, but enjoying her desperation, added to the excitement! Although she was absolutely terrified of wetting herself, on some level, deep down, it felt incredibly erotic to be so absolutely full-to-bursting in public! Her thoughts flicked back to watching Megan wet herself earlier, and she felt a shiver run down her spine. At the time, she had been shocked into disbelief, but now, she could almost understand just what it must’ve been like for her friend to do in front of her. She could feel a slight warm wetness against her sex that wasn’t pee. At least not yet.

The toilet door opened, and a mother with three young girls emerged, and suddenly, the doorway to Pollys salvation was at hand. She scurried in behind the other girls who were in front of her, and headed straight into the first available cubicle.

As expected, the state of the restroom left a lot to be desired. There was pee on the seat, and the rubbish bin was full, but with her body aching for relief, it was almost heavenly. Polly tore some paper off the roll with one hand, and started wiping the seat, while her other hand started struggling with the button on her jeans. She dumped the paper into the bowl as she yanked her jeans down, feeling a sudden squirt of warmth in her panties before she could get them down.

The sight of the toilet had been like a trigger, and her bladder had stopped asking, and started giving orders instead. It was going to empty itself now, regardless as to if she was ready or not. With her jeans around her knees, and pee trickling down both her thighs, Polly gave up on trying to save her underwear, choosing to just turn around and sit down, sighing with relief as a strong eruption of pee exploded inside her striped cotton briefs, and she shivered with excitement as she felt the wetness rapidly spreading up and over her sex, between her legs, and creeping up around the bottom of her buttocks, as multiple streams erupted into various mini waterfalls that started splashing noisily into the toilet bowl.

Polly put her hand sideways into her mouth, and bit down firmly, trying to muffle any groans of pleasure or relief that might escape. The restroom was noisy, as ladies entered and left, some chatting and laughing, and taps were being turned on and off. As she bit her left hand, while peeing loudly through her panties, her right hand found itself snaking down into the hot stream, then began rubbing firmly against the sodden cotton.

The fact that she was sitting there silently wetting herself in a room full of strangers that had no idea what was going on was so thrilling to her. Polly had never felt excitement such as this before. She could feel her orgasm approaching even before she had finished wetting herself, and her thighs tightened together, firmly trapping her hand against her dripping panties as she came.

It took a moment for her breathing to slow down, then she removed her shoes, jeans and panties, carefully keeping her socks of the dirty floor, before putting everything back on except the underpants. Only after she had wiped herself as much as she could, did she stand up, and pulled her jeans back up without any underpants on.

On shaky legs, she exited the cubicle, her wet panties scrunched into a tight little ball in her hands. There was people everywhere, and she nervously approached the sink, anxious to wash her hands. Without looking around, she dropped the wet panties into the rubbish bin, but, to her horror, they bounced off the rim, and fell to the floor. She picked them up quickly, finding the open lid easily on the second attempt, then froze as she saw the grinning face of another girl reflected in the mirror above the sink, standing directly behind her.

“Don’t worry babe, it happens to me too sometimes,” the girl whispered, giving her a wink before walking out.

Polly felt herself blushing from the roots of her hair, but as she washed her hands, she could feel the excitement building inside her once more. This complete stranger now knew that she had wet herself, and that was hot. Really hot. Hot enough that her pussy was starting to feel a bit wet again already. After drying her hands, she almost ran out of the bathroom.

Megan was standing on the grass, right beside the path. She had kicked her shoes off, and was staring intently at her phone, but looked up as Polly approached.

“I was starting to worry. Thought you’d fallen in or something,” she said.

“We have to talk,” Polly replied. “I want to hear more about this plan of yours.”

Megan chuckled. “Ha! I knew you’d be interested! What changed your mind?”

“I had a bit of an accident, just in my panties, if you must know.”

“Me too,” Megan replied with a grin, bobbing her head down, indicating that Polly should look down as well.

Polly followed her friends glance, and saw the drying wet stripes on Megans bare legs and feet, and how the grass was wet between them. There was even a tiny trickle that had run through the grass and onto the concrete kerb beside the path.

“See? It’s that easy,” she said, putting her phone away, and Polly suddenly understood that Megan had been filming her feet and ankles as she peed.

“Back to your place to talk?” Polly asked.

“Let’s go,” Megan replied.

