Anime Omo - DBZ (Goten)

Author: heimdal

*000*2020-04-14 17:54

Goten wolfed down his breakfast in record time, ready to head out for a full-day training session with his older brother Gohan. With the martial arts tournament fast approaching, there was little time for he and Gohan to whip themselves into fighting shape. Goten had never met their father Goku, but knowing how much he valued fighting ability Goten was determined to make a good first impression at the tournament. The training today would be especially fun; while helping Chi-Chi with some cleaning he had discovered Gohan’s old Saiyan armor from his Namekian adventures, and Gohan had agreed to let him spar in it! Gohan chugged the remainder of his OJ and raced upstairs. It took Gohan the better part of 15 minutes to get the armor on him, but the fabric seemed to conform to his shape like some sort of memory foam, but more fabric-y.

Unfortunately, Chi-Chi walked in on them just as Gohan was finishing up. Goten could see his mother’s emotion jump rapidly from shock to confusion, before finally settling on fury. Both boys apparently having the same thought, they wordlessly flew through the open window to safety as the shouting started. During their trek to the wilderness Goten realized that in his excitement he had forgotten to use the bathroom after waking up, and his bladder was letting him know that it was not happy about the unexpected break in routine. He was considering stopping to go in some bushes, but Gohan seemed anxious to train, and Goten didn’t want to annoy him this early in the day. Besides, Goten hated having to stop playing to pee; he was always waiting to the last minute, but it wasn’t like he had ever actually peed his pants. Ya, he thought, I’ll just hold it until we stop for lunch.

The boys trained hard, drinking water at the stream often to stay hydrated. Even at Super Saiyan Goten was no match for Gohan, but he could feel himself getting better with each engagement. Goten started to feel his bladder more and more despite the entertainment of fighting. He was about to ask when lunch was when Gohan suddenly broke off mid charge, a look of panic on his face. “Oh crap, Goten do you know what time it is?” When the younger boy shook his head Gohan raced back to his cell phone and shouted in alarm, “Oh no, oh no no no, I promised I would call her at noon, 5 missed calls, man I am so screwed…”

Goten looked inquiringly at his brother, who was muttering to himself as he dialed a number and turned away from Goten. Goten figured it probably had to do with Gohan’s terrifying crush, a fear which was confirmed as he heard Videl’s voice reach clear across their camp from the phone. Gohan sighed and shouted to him, “hey bro, lets take out lunch break now ok? We’ll keep training after.”

Goten felt sympathy for his brother (were all girls like his mother and Videl? Why bother) but had his own pressing issue to take care of. The break in the action had made him even more aware of his aching bladder. He hadn’t peed since yesterday and had drank more than usual, and at age 9 even Goten’s normally strong his bladder could only stand so much. He pressed his legs together when Gohan wasn’t looking and decided he couldn’t put it off any longer. Goten flew off to some bushes, but when he reached for the zipper he realized that the armor was a solid blue fabric, no exit hatch in sight. Goten struggled to get the armor off, but he was terrified of breaking it and he had no clue how it was supposed to be properly removed. Remembering how long it had taken Gohan to equip him in the morning Goten shivered and redoubled his efforts to no avail.

He considered calling Gohan over, but his brother was busy mollifying his flight student/semi-girlfriend. He looked longingly at the lake and threw his hands to his crotch as he felt a spurt escape. He considered flying into the water and letting it go; Trunks said it wasn’t peeing your pants if you were in the water already! But the thought of soiling his brother’s armor…no, he would just hold it until Gohan was finished. Unfortunately for Goten, Videl was not an easy woman to pacify, and by the time Gohan was finished (he had eaten while he talked), he was ready to get back to action. Goten started to ask him for help but stopped himself. He was 9 years old, more than old enough to hold his pee as long as he needed; his brother was counting on him and he wasn’t about to let him down by demanding a 30 minute break because he needed to go potty like a little baby.

The 9 year old’s confidence began to waver as their training resumed. Even flying in a straight line was proving immensely difficult as his bladder screamed for release, demanding his constant attention to prevent any more leakage. After a particularly brutal blow he felt some more warmth soak into the fabric hugging his crotch and suddenly realized he needed to go, NOW. He started doing a fully pee-pee dance and a light of revelation hit Gohan’s face. “Do, do you need to pee or something?” Gohan asked, rhetorically given how obviously desperate Goten was. Gohan sighed, “man, why do you always hold it so long, it’s going to take forever to deal with the armor…” Goten was near tears now from some combination of embarrassment and pain. “S-s-sorry Gohan, but I realllly have to go.” Gohan looked pensive, like he was about to say something but kept stopping himself.

After what felt like an eternity to Goten he said “you know bro, there’s, uh, I mean that armor, well, uh.” Gohan looked uncomfortable as he continued while putting his index fingers together in front of him like a kid caught doing something bad, “can you keep a secret?” Goten noded vigorously, curious despite his throbbing bladder. “Look, when I wore that armor to Namek it didn’t exactly come with instructions, and there was no way in hell I was gonna ask Vegeta. Krillen helped me get it on but, well, it was a long day and there was so much going on that eventually I, uh, I sort of, well, you know.”

When Goten gave him a blank stare Gohan sighed, “I, uh, I had an accident.” Goten looked incredulously at him, he couldn’t believe that his big brother had peed his pants when he was Goten’s age. Gohan reddened as he saw Goten stare “I didn’t know what to do! Dodoria, Jace, Ginyu… Anyway I’m telling you this because the armor, it, I don’t know, it absorbed it or used my aura to burn it off or something. It didn’t show up at all, I don’t think even Krillen knew, and he was right next to me when I did it! I’m just saying, I really don’t want to take a 30 minute break, and Mom isn’t going to go near that armor again so maybe…”

With a start, Goten realized his brother was giving him permission to go to the bathroom in his pants. After the initial shock, Goten started warming up to the idea. If he could just go to the bathroom without breaking training, it would be a game-changer. Gohan made some excuse to go text Videl and he flew off a short distance to give Goten some privacy. At first Goten wasn’t sure what to do. Did he just, let it go right in his pants? After looking around to make sure nobody was watching (Trunks would never stop teasing him if he found out), he took a breath and stopped holding it. At first the pee wouldn’t come; despite his extreme need some part of him knew that peeing your pants was wrong, and 9 years of potty training weren’t easy to overcome.

A few seconds later though, Goten felt the liquid making its way though his dick, and after hovering on the tip for a moment it started to spill out. It started slowly but quickly expanded into a torrent, making a loud hiss as he peed so strongly that he was sure it would escape the fabric, but the pants held up. He felt warm and wet down both legs, so this is what it feels like to pee your pants he thought as he was overwhelmed with relief. As he finished and the stream turned to a trickle he blushed deeply thinking about what he had just done. There was definitely a faint pee smell, but Gohan was right that their mother would probably make him wash his own armor anyway, considering how much she hated it. Goten smiled to himself as he flew back to where his brother was waiting. Training sessions were going to be a lot more fun from now on…

