Just Let it Out ch1

Author: SashaButters

*009*2015-01-12 19:44

Chapter 9

"Could you possibly have picked a less awkward time for me to meet your family?" Emily said as she sat up while continuing to avoid eye contact with Nurse Joy as Emily held a pillow over her waist. Nurse Joy stood up and tossed her gloves away, and after noticing something on the ground, picked it up and gave the embarrassed girl her panties back. "Th-thanks, I'll just go change back into these." Emily said as she stood and started heading toward the bathroom in Nurse Joys office but was stopped when she felt someone tugging on her arm.

" I don't think that's such a good idea at the moment, there's a reason I changed you into another diaper." Nurse Joy said as she guided Emily back on couch. "Anna, would you go see if there's anything in the lost and found that would fit her. All I have in here are a few pairs of those grey sweatpants."

"It's fine, I'll wear those." Emily said desperate for something to cover her diaper with. Nurse Joy and Anna exchanged nervous glances as Anna let out a small laugh.

"Ah, well haha, don't worry I'll find you something to wear. Trust me, you don't want to wear those." Anna said as she rose to leave.

"Why not?" Emily asked since sweatpants sounded quite pleasant to her at the moment as her legs were covered in goose bumps from the cold.

" You could wear them if you wanted for the time being, but I would suggest not wearing them outside this room." Nurse Joy said. "What is it that you interns refer to them as?"

"The Pants of Shame." Anna said as she went on to further explain. "You see, if any of the kids have an accident or wet the bed while staying in any Pokémon center, they are then put into a diaper and given those sweatpants to wear. If' you walk out of here in those, you're pretty much telling the world you wet yourself and are wearing a diaper."

"Oh, thanks for the warning." Emily said as she immediately changed her mind about wanting to wear sweatpants. "So why aren't you making me wear them then?"

"Because you're one of us now." Anna said with a smile as she slipped out the door, while closing it gently behind her.

"One of us?" Emily repeated sounding a bit puzzled.

"While I don't accept applicants from my interns love interests, I can't let someone with your potential slip away on a technicality. Under normal circumstances you would have been disqualified immediately, Anna should have known better than to pull a stunt like that out there. Thankfully none of the other examinees were there to see since you finished the exam way before anyone else." Nurse Joy explained.

"I'm sorry." Emily said, blushing down at the floor. "So you're letting me continue on to the next round?"

"What next round? We only hold interviews in the rare case more than 3 people pass that year ,then from those people I narrow it down to three. People can take the test as many times as they want, which is given out once every three months. You're the only person who has passed in two years. You're in, dear."

"What?" Really?" Emily shouted, her voice full of excitement as Nurse Joy nodded, smiling at the girls reaction. "Is that why you're not disqualifying me? Because nobody has passed for a while?" she asked coming down from her high.

"Hmm, yes and no." Nurse Joy said taking a seat behind her desk. "Yes, I have been wanting some extra help around here for a while now, but the thing is, I think you've really helped Anna."

"Helped her?" Emily asked confused. "She's the one always helping and comforting me."

"It may seem like it to you, but these last few months have made a tremendous difference in Anna. I don't think I've ever seen her smile so much. I started noticing her change about three months ago. If what she told me tonight is true, that puts it around the same time as when she met you."

"Was she not always like this? I can't imagine her not being all smiles." Emily said.

"These last few years have been hard on her. She was moody, and irritable more times than not. She'd get frustrated easily and was very quick to anger. I sent her out in that forest in the first place to cool her head after she had had another nasty argument with her father."

"That sounds nothing like the Anna I know!" Emily said completely shocked to hear this.

"She came back almost like a completely different person. I couldn't figure out what had happened until tonight," Nurse Joy explained. "I think you must have managed to pull down the walls she had built to keep everyone out. At first I thought she might have been using you as a way to retaliate against her father, since he's been trying to force all these men on her, so for her to suddenly have a girlfriend..."

"So... you think she's just using me to get back at her father?" Emily said quietly saddened by the thought. Is that all I really am? Is she just pretending to like me to make her father angry? Nurse Joy shook her head as she saw the doubt and fear in Emily's eyes.

"I thought so at first, but now that I've thought about it, I don't believe so. I've seen the way you two act towards each other, she's not like that with anyone else but you. Listen, for the next couple weeks, would you mind keeping an eye on her for me?"

"What do you mean?" Emily asked confused.

"Normally, I'd make it a point to be here this time of the year, but the other Nurse Joys have decided to hold our annual conference now of all times. I'd bring her with me but, unfortunately they've decided to hold it in Saffron."

"What's wrong with Saffron?"

"That's Anna's home town, also where Silph Co. headquarters is located. She hasn't been back since her mother and sisters funeral. Although she may not show it right now, this time of year is very hard for her as the anniversary of their death is coming up in two weeks. Please continue to help her through this difficult time, even if she tries to push you away. You may just be what she needs right now."

"I-I had no idea." Emily said sadly. "And here I was worrying about being in a diaper and whether or not Anna was only pretending to like me."

"Speaking of which," Nurse Joy said coming towards Emily. "Are you aware of it's current state?"

"Huh? What are you talking about?" Emily followed Nurse Joys gaze down to her now wet diaper. "I-I didn't even know. When did I...?

"You just finished a few seconds ago. I thought you might not be aware because you didn't even seem to flinch. Last time when I suggested you use it I thought you'd need a paper bag to breathe in. The reason I put you in another diaper was because I suspected this might happen. I heard you say something to Anna about not noticing last time either, is that correct?"

Emily slowly nodded her head while trying not to cry. After everything she heard about Anna, how could she cry over something as silly as a wet diaper. She had to be tougher, or at least pretend to be tougher, then she really was.

"Have you always needed to urinate this frequently?' Nurse Joy asked as she grabbed a pen and a note pad and began writing something down. "You've gone at least four-six times in the last three hours."

"Not since I was given these pills to take." Emily said feeling uncomfortable at the current subject matter.

"May I see them?" Nurse Joy asked as she looked up Emily's file on the computer again. Emily nodded as she dug in her bag until she found the almost empty pill bottle and handed it over. "Hmm. Yes this medication can cause urinary incontinence."

"What?" Emily said in a panic.

"Did you notice your control weakening once you started this treatment or before?"

"A month after I started it I noticed I sometimes wet the bed. That's around when I noticed I needed to pee a lot more than normal. At the two month mark is when I started having trouble holding it and making it on time. Now I feel like I barely even get a warning at all." Emily admitted.

"That's strange. While it's true it can cause weakening of the bladder muscle, I don't see how such a low dose can cause this, you're only taking 25mg...unless..." Nurse Joy said suddenly picking up her phone and punching in a few numbers. "Hello, yes this is Nurse Joy, I'd like to speak with Dr. Paige please. What do you mean 'which Nurse Joy?'

This centers Nurse Joy.... uh-huh....yes.... ok thank you. Interns" she sighed. "Hello, Dr. Page. I'm calling about one of your patients, Emily Ketchum, she was admitted a few months ago with a kidney infection... yeah, I just had a quick question about a medication you prescribed her.....yes the alethgropihhpsviowefene for 25mg, correct? Could you describe what it looks like? "Uh-huh ...yeah, and what if it's not that color?... Green triangles. Oh, I see. Yes, alright I'll tell her. That much? No wonder she's having problems. How does she fix this? Alright I'll have Anna work with her on it....Heh, yeah they're still....friends. No I didn't mean anything by it, she's actually my newest intern...Yeah she passed, get this 95%"

Emily could swear she heard a loud "WHAT?" over the phone as she blushed. Was it really that impressive? Doesn't everyone know it takes 8 pikachus it recharge the battery of the carbon flux capacitor, which should then be defused in between two magnetite's before being safe to handle in case the generator fails. Surely the ability to take it apart and put it back together is common knowledge. Emily was soon brought back to earth as she heard Nurse Joy hang up the phone followed by a loud sigh.

"You want the good news or the bad news?" she asked Emily.

"What's wrong?"

"I was right, you shouldn't be having these kinds of symptoms on 25mg, but say some idiot filled your pill bottle with 250mg on the other hand, that could lead to some problems. There's no permanent damage but in the mean time you'll be in diapers for a little bit longer. Don't worry" Nurse Joy added when she saw the destructive look in Emily's eyes that made her shiver. "You'll only be in pull-ups so you can change yourself. I'll have Anna work with you on re-training. You'll be back to normal in no time."

"Well, what's the good news?!"

"The pharmaceutical department now has an opening."

"Ugh."Emily moaned letting her head fall on the couches arm rest.

"Well, my little prodigy, I can show you something that may lift your spirits." Nurse Joy said with suspicious laugh. "I just remembered something, let's say I can prove Anna isn't acting when it comes to her feelings for you" She said while clicking on a few things on her computer.

"How?" Emily asked quickly bringing her head back up as Nurse Joy began playing a video as a full color hologram image appeared on her desk.

"Remember that commercial that aired last year about bringing your Pokémon in for regular check ups? This is a video of Anna's try-out for the part. The production company thought it would be a great idea if the daughter of Silph Co was the face of Pokémon centers... until they witnessed this."

"Oh...oh God... that's... woah " Emily said cringing as she watched and thought, well, now I know for sure Anna isn't acting....because Anna...can't act...

"Hey, Emily. I managed to find a couple pairs of pants that might-" Anna said as she entered the room until she saw what they were watching. Emily watched as her face changed several different colors before screaming. "I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU TO BURN THAT!!!"

Nurse Joy just smiled and said, "Welcome back, Anna. Please have a seat. We need to talk."

"About what?" she asked as she joined Emily on the couch.

"About your punishment of course." Nurse Joy said giving off a smile that sent chills down both Anna and Emily's backs. She got up and grabbed a pair of the "Pants of Shame" and not one but two diapers.

"Please don't make her wear those, I think she should -" Anna started but Nurse Joy just continued to smile.

"These aren't all for Emily, dear. These are for you." she said sliding a diaper and the sweatpants over to her.

"...You're joking, right?" Anna asked staring at the the diaper, then back to Nurse Joy. "You're not really suggesting what I think you are." Smile. "This isn't funny." Smile. "No, please, you can't." Anna pleaded as if begging for her life as her face grew redder and redder. "You can at least stop smiling, you're creeping us out."

"Here, Emily, you look like you can use a change. Consider me changing you half of the punishment. " Nurse Joy said laying out the mat again. Emily quietly obeyed and laid down on the mat. Something told Emily she did not want to cross this women. "I know your having some trouble, but try peeing one more time before I change you. It looks like this can hold a bit more."

"Umm... I- I don't know." Emily said looking utterly embarrassed.

"Just close your eyes and relax." Nurse Joy said.

"She turns to putty if you rub her stomach." Anna said. That wasn't my stomach you were rubbing though Emily thought to herself as she felt Nurse Joys hand begin gently rubbing her abdomen. This doesn't feel so bad either she thought as she closed her eyes.

"Hehe, you're right she really does melt." Nurse Joy said smiling down on the now relaxed Emily. "That's it, good girl" Emily heard as she felt her diaper grow warm again as well as her face. "Get ready, Anna, you're next." Nurse Joy said as she finished up Emily.

"Can't we talk about this?"

"Sure, either you get on the mat in the next 10 seconds and let me put this diaper on you, or I play that video in the lobby AND I put a diaper on you." Nurse Joy said. Anna grumbled something about blackmail but eventually got on the mat. Her face turned redder than Emily's as she felt her pants get taken off. "My my, black lace panties, and just what were you planning on doing tonight?" Nurse Joy teased making both girls faces blush. "No need for these anymore." she said while pulling them off.

"Just shoot me now." groaned Anna. Emily sat her padded butt down with a poof near Anna's head and began running her fingers through Anna's hair as a means of distraction. Anna's eyes sprung open, but she visibly relaxed once she realized it was just Emily.

Emily gave her a weak smile, as if to say "I know the feeling", as the two quietly stared into each others eyes. Anna reached up and took Emily's free hand and held it in her own as she lightly traced the top of the younger girls palm with her thumb. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensation of the gentle strokes of her head almost forgetting about the situation she was in. Almost.

"There all done." Nurse Joy said as she stood back up and quietly watched the two who were lost in their own world. Nurse Joy couldn't help but smile as she saw the look on her nieces face that had been missing for the last six years. A look of peace and contentment, and if she didn't know any better, maybe even a spark of happiness as Emily kept Anna's inner demons at bay, at least for this moment. She almost hated to break it up, but there were things to do and rules to set.

"Alright!" she said while loudly clapping, breaking the two out of their trance. "Here's what's going to happen. Due to a blunder in the pharmacy, Emily will now be in pull-ups full time. I wrote down a list of what she will need. I would like the two of you to go pick them up tonight. I was also hoping you could work with her, she will need to be re-trained as soon as possible."

"Sure." Anna said as Emily blushed at the thought of what the re-training would entail. It couldn't be any worse than diaper changes. Emily suddenly pictured herself sitting on an over sized potty chair while Anna stood beside her cheering as she went "pee pee" and awarded her with a gold star on a chart. Yes. Yes it could be worse than diapers.

"Emily, hey, Emily, are you there?" Nurse Joy asked waving a hand in front of her face.

"Yeah, sorry, what's up?" Emily asked trying to shake away the remnant of her day dream.

"I said you can see if any of those pants fit you." Nurse Joy said pointing to the pile Anna had brought with her. "You, on the other hand." she said turning her attention to Anna. "You get the Pants of Shame." she said as she tossed a pair over to her. "24 hours. No bathroom. Emily will change you when you need it."

"Me?" Emily asked blushing.

"I thought it would be fitting. She changed you while you were in the hospital, right? Turn abouts fair play. Consider this punishment for the both of you. If I ever catch you two swapping spit in my lobby again. I'll make it a week for both of you. Nurse Joy said. "I don't mind if you two are together, but I need to stress the importance of keeping this on the down low. If a reporter saw you guys, it could end up in the paper. Anna's father is a very powerful man who cares very much about image, and if anything threatened that, who knows what he'll do. I don't care what you two do behind closed doors, but please try to keep it that. OK? Now get dressed, both of you and I'll see you tomorrow."

Chapter 10

It was 8:30 pm as both girls stepped out of Nurse Joys office and into the now busy Pokemon Center. Trainers of all ages had gathered in the lobby as they stood in line to check in their injured Pokemon and receive their room assignment. A few interns rushed around trying to sustain order and keep everyone in a single file line. Emily noticed their attempts were futile as they were having about as much luck as if they were herding meowths. Emily wondered which would be worse, herding children or herding meowths as no one under the age of 16 paid the interns any mind.

"Oh, Anna, thank God you're here. We've been looking for you." One intern said who looked like she had her hands full trying to keep two boys from having a Pokemon battle inside.

"There's no way your Ivysaur can beat my raichu!" one boy said clearly agitated.

"Yeah, wanna bet? My three badges say other wise. So why don't you just run on home and talk to me once you've actually beaten a gym leader." The other said in a way that made Emily almost want to step in.

"I'll take you on, right here, right now!"

"Boys, please take it outside." the intern pleaded. "Anna, you're much more....scary. Can you find a way to control the crowd?" Anna? Scary? What's she going to do, hug them to death? Emily thought until she heard Anna yell that made her jump a foot in the air.

"EVERYONE!" Anna shouted at the rambunctious crowd. "PLEASE FORM A SINGLE FILE LINE IN FRONT OF THE DESK."

"Hey!" Emily heard from the crowd as she looked and saw it belonged to the girl from earlier. "It's that girl who peed her pants!" she shouted as Emily's face turned ghost white.

"Who?" someone asked. "Oh, I bet it's that girl in the sweat pants! Aren't those the ones they make you wear if you have an accident?"

"Yeah, you're right. And they actually let someone like that work here? I thought this place was supposed to have high standards. Apparently not." A man replied looking disgusted.

"No wonder her dad had to buy her way in."

Emily noticed a vain throbbing in Anna's forehead as she shook from anger and removed a tiny red and white ball from inside her pocket which immediately expanded in her hand.

"Emily, plug your ears." Anna whispered as she threw the Pokeball into the air and quickly covered her own as something that looked like a pink balloon jumped out. The staff looked apprehensive until they saw what came out and breathed a sigh in relief. That is until they realized what she was planning and quickly covered their ears as well.

"Jiiigggalllyyy Puuffff Jigggaalleeeeeeeeeee Pufff" the pink balloon sang as Emily watched in amazement as people started dropping like flies.

"Was it really ok to do that?" Emily asked as JiggyPuff ended her song and turned to Anna smiling as if to say "look what I did!".

"I know they said some pretty mean things about you but.."

"Nobody insults my girl friend in front of me." Anna said quietly so that only Emily could hear as the few staff members that managed to take precautions in time approached.

Wait Emily thought as she tried to process what was said. It wasn't the comment about her dad that pushed her over the edge? That must mean it was about how they were dropping their standards by accepting someone who had accidents. Was she avenging me and not herself? Emily smiled as she put the pieces together.

"Well, I guess that's one way to control the crowd." the intern, who had been trying to keep the boys from tearing the place apart, said as she stepped in between a few bodies.

"Sorry, Sasha." Anna said while scratching the back of her head as she surveyed the damage.

"Just 'cause you're grumpy from having an accident doesn't mean you can just knock everyone out."

"I-I did not have an accident! Th-that was someone else!" Anna tried to say as her face turned bright red.

"Uh-huh, sure." Sasha teased. "Then why else would you be wearing the Pants of Shame?" she asked smacking Annas padded butt as a loud crinkling noise was heard making her diapers presence known to all who were awake. Hey, Emily thought, only I get to smack her butt.

"It's...complicated." Anna said moving her hands behind her to protect her butt from anymore swats.

"I'm just glad you didn't electrocute us all like last time." Another girl said from behind the counter.

"What happened?" Emily asked curious.

"Ahh, it was nothing. She doesn't need to hear about that." Anna said quickly.

"No, tell me!" Emily asked excitedly.

"Ok so this one time Anna got stuck with mopping the floors during a rainstorm. Right when she was almost done, a group of guys came in and tracked mud everywhere. She was so mad she sent out her pikachu, but because everyone and the floor was still wet from the rain, she managed to nearly electrocute everyone in the lobby including herself." Sasha explained. "Thankfully I was in the back. When I came out, everyone was on the ground twitching, even Nurse Joy."

"Hey, don't laugh." Anna said while pouting as Emily began cracking up. "It was my first year."

"That was really hard on your body, wasn't it, Anna? You were wearing those pants for a week." the girl behind the counter said as Annas face grew redder and redder. Ah, so this is not the first time Anna's been punished this way.

"So what do we do about them." Sasha asked as she waved her hand around the room. "We can't just leave them here all night."

"A jigglypuffs song doesn't affect humans like it does Pokemon. It only forces the person to sleep for 20 minutes or so. You can wake them up then." Emily explained. "Jigglypuffs are usually owned by people with insomnia who have trouble falling asleep on their own. By the time the effects of the song where off, your bodies own desire for sleep kicks in which keeps you asleep, not the song itself. The more tired you are, the longer you'll sleep after being exposed to the song.

"Huh, I didn't know that." Sasha said. "Do you know this from personal experience?"

"I read it in a book. I've only tried it once though."

"Did it work?" Anna asked.

"My babysitter sicked her jigglypuff on me when I was a kid when I wouldn't go to bed. She then drew all over my face while I was asleep. She even lied and said her jigglypuff gets angry when everyone falls asleep when it sings so it drew on my face. What kind of pokemon gets angry when it does its job?"

"That sounds like the gym leaders jigglypuff." Sasha said laughing. "So how long do you think they'll sleep for?"

"Everyone seemed pretty rowdy so they should wake up on their own after the forced sleep wheres off. For those that don't, I'd suggest using berries instead of trying to wake them up on your own."

"Berries?" Anna asked looking from Emily to Sasha who looked just as confused as Anna.

"People who are forcefully woken after a hearing a jigglypuffs song tend to be extremely disoriented and possibly even violent. It's common for boys to take a swing at the first person they see." Emily said. "I believe the recipe is 3 Chesto berries, 2 Persim berries and an Oran berry. Blend them together, get a rag and soak it in. All you have to do is wave the rag under someones nose a few times and they will naturally wake up without the confusion and violent tendencies." Both girls stood there gaping at Emily with blank stares. "What? Why are you looking at me like that?"

"Who are you and why do you know all this?" Sasha asked dumbfounded. All three girls turned to see Nurse Joy giggling in the corner.

"I see you've met Emily." she said. "That's very smart, using the Chesto berries to wake them and the Persim berries to counteract any confusion. What's the oran berry for though?"

"For the smell. When you mix the two together it smells like vomit, the oran berry helps mask the odor. It's like adding flavoring to cough syrup."

"Emily is our newest intern who will be starting after a bit of training." Nurse Joy explained.

"Wait, she's the girl every ones been talking about? If she really scored a 98% what does she need training for?" Sasha asked as Emily's face turned pink as she understood what "training" Nurse Joy was referring to.

"Well, we should get going before the store closes!" Anna said grabbing Emily's arm and leading her towards the exit.

"Yes, I think that would be wise. In the mean time we'll work on those berries. We should have them in the back." Nurse Joy said. "Oh, and Anna."

Anna froze after hearing her name. "Yeah?" she said quietly knowing what was coming.

"Let's make it a week instead."

"Don't worry, Anna, we all have accidents sometimes!" Sasha called out.

"It wasn't me! Nurse Joy, tell them it wasn't me!" Anna pleaded as Emily led her out the door. Nurse Joy just smiled and waved as the two left.

"Ugh!" Someone yelled from the back. "It really does smell like vomit!"

"Man, this sucks!" Anna complained as the two girls crossed the street. "A week! You'd think she'd be more lenient since I didn't electrocute anyone this time!"

"I don't think that's the point." Emily said as she let Anna vent. "I think it's about you acting out in anger and using your Pokemon against people. Although I do appreciate you sticking up for me." she quickly added to appease Anna's foul mood. Should I tell her what I did? Emily wondered.

"I don't want you thinking you don't deserve this just because of a few accidents, which aren't even your fault to begin with! That medications very powerful, and to be given that large of a dose for that long, anyone would be having this problem. Unlike me, you actually deserve this internship! The only reason I'm even here is because my aunt faked my test results. No one knows we're related by the way. So don't say anything to anyone ok?"

"Sure, and thank you. For everything. " Emily said grabbing Anna's hand after making sure no one was around. "So I figured I should do something for you."

"You don't have to do anything for me."Anna said while pulling Emily closer.

"I already did." she said quietly.

"What do you mean?"

"I'll tell you later." she said as they entered the store. Anna grabbed a hand basket and headed to the back aisle where she knew they kept what was on Nurse Joys list. She looked over to ask Emily a question but noticed she wasn't with her. Anna just shrugged and figured she didn't want to be seen here as she started collecting the needed supplies. Emily was a few aisles over searching for something in order for her plan to be 100% successful. She found what she was looking for, grabbed the box of face masks and went back to Anna.

"What are those for?" Anna asked when she saw Emily slip them into the cart.

"It's not going to smell like flowers when we get back." Anna figured Emily knew what she was talking about and she finished getting everything on the list.

"Hey, what do think of these?" Anna said with a smile as she held up a package of training pants for Emily to see.

"Would you put that down?" Emily hissed until she saw the design. "Aww Evees."

"I knew you'd like them." Anna said as they headed for the counter as Anna dug in her wallet for something that Emily assumed was money as the man behind the counter began bagging the items. She was surprised when all Anna did was flash a black card as the man handed her the bags.

"Don't worry, Anna." the man said. "These things happen, nothing to be ashamed of."

"I did not have an accident!" Anna yelled back as she and Emily left the store.

"Wait, we didn't pay for those." Emily said trying to catch up to Anna.

"Don't need too." she said without offering an explanation.

"How come? Is it a perk of being an intern?" Emily asked hopefully, drooling at the thought of all the pokeball shaped chocolate balls she could get for free. "I think I'd get a caramel filled one first, followed by hazelnut, oh and the one with the milk center." she said thinking out loud.

"No, sorry. You should of said something though, I could have gotten you some." Anna said seeing the look of crushed dreams on Emily's face.

"Oh, bummer." Emily said sounding disappointing. "Then how come?" Anna didn't really want to explain, even though she thought it was obvious. Maybe who she was hadn't fully sunken in yet. She wanted Emily to like her for her, not for her fathers money. She was smart though, she'd figure it out anyway.

"My dad owns the store, all the stores actually."

"Oh, so that's why! So you can pretty much get anything you want for free since it's kind of already yours to begin with."

"In a way, yes." Anna said feeling a bit sad since she finally understood. Here it comes she thought. She's going to use me. She probably already knew who I was from the start and pretended she didn't. I wonder what she's going to ask me for first. Fire stones? Max revives? Rare candy?

"That's got to be tough." Emily finally said after a moment.

"Jeez, sarcastic much. For a second you almost sounded sincere." Anna said bitterly making Emily stop. "What?"

"I am sincere." Emily said looking a bit hurt. "Who would want that?"

"Everyone." Anna said not sure where this was going. Emily shook her head.

"Then everyone's stupid. I'm sure it does have its perks at times, but at what price? If it was me I'd never be able to trust anyone. I'd always be worried about whether people really like me or if their just using me. No wonder you didn't tell me who you were." Emily said as she watched silent tears fall down Anna's face.

"Y-you actually understand?" Anna whimpered as Emily hugged her.

"No, I don't think I, or anyone, ever truly could. Since day one there's only ever been one thing I've wanted from you."

I knew it! Anna thought bitterly. She knew who I was all along, what is this she's playing some mind game? She just lured me into a false sense of security and now she's admitting she wants something.

"You."Emily whispered into Anna's ear. "All I've ever wanted was you."

"I-I don't understand." Anna said.

"I want you to hold me, and I want to hold you. I want to feel your lips against mine, and I want to..." Emily whispered the last part into Anna's ear as both their faces turned crimson.

"That can be arranged." Anna whispered back while lightly nibbling on the girls ear lobe as she slowly planted gentle kisses down her neck.

"Mmm." Emily softly moaned as wave of different sensations washed over her similar to that of that one night. "Not...here." She somehow managed to say, fighting back the urge to jump her right then and there.

"Come with me." Anna whispered leading Emily by the hand.

*011*2015-01-13 11:38

Chapter 11

The man behind the register stared blankly at the two girls, than back to the items on the counter. I'm not even going to ask, he thought to himself as he bagged the four escape ropes, can of whipped cream, bottle of chocolate syrup, maraschino cherries, and oh God, a cucumber. Really? They are going hiking and then they are going to make ice cream sundaes he kept telling himself as he handed Anna the bag.

"Be safe girls!" The man called out as the two left the store. "Whatever you're doing..." As soon as automated doors closed the two erupted into a fit of giggles.

"Did you see his face? Did you see his face?" Emily said as tears streamed down from her eyes.

"I thought his eyes were gonna pop out of his head when he saw the cucumber!" Anna said holding her stomach.

"I haven't had this much fun in a long time." Emily said wiping her eyes. "I've always wanted to do that."

"I should go tell him it was a joke." Anna said. "Part of it was anyway." she added as she thought of the escape ropes.

"Where's the fun in that?" Emily said as she followed Anna back in the store.

10 minutes later they finally made it back to the front door of the Pokemon center, leaving behind one cucumber and a relieved cashier.

"Anna, there's something I need to tell you." Emily said removing the face masks from the bag. "I lied earlier, about the Oran berry. What I had them make wasn't a wake up potion. It is, but it isn't."

"What do you mean?"

"It acts more as a memory potion really, anyone who smelled it, including the people who made it, won't remember a thing tomorrow morning. It will be like none of this happened, including your extra punishment. Now put this on, I want us to remember tonight, don't breathe in too deeply and head straight for the elevator."

"You...you did this...for me?" Emily nodded as she covered her face.

The two entered the building as most everybody was awake now, and plugging their noses. Things seemed busy and they were able to reach the elevator undetected.

"You're so smart, it's scary." Anna admitted as she held Emily's hand.

"Shall we start where we left off." Emily whispered.

"Almost there." Anna said leading her out of the elevator and down the hall. Anna pulled a brown key out of her pocket and unlocked the door.

"Well, that kinda kills the mood." Emily said as she saw what appeared to be a toilet seat, attached to a bucket, which was attached to a walker and a roll of toilet paper.

"I guess my aunt assumed you'd be staying here with me." Anna said.

"What's that?" Emily asked looking skeptical.

"That is a portable toilet from the hospital wing." Anna said as she picked up the note that was left on it.

Don't forget to give her gold stars - Nurse Joy

"It would be too hard to train you with the closest bathroom back in the lobby. You'd never make it." Anna explained as she moved it against the wall by her desk and lifted the top lid. "Come on, Emily, time to use your training potty like a big girl." she teased.

"Not funny." she said blushing. "Besides last I checked, I wasn't the only one in a diaper."

"At least mines dry." Anna said. "The first step to re-training you is to have you sit on this several times a day until you pee. At least while we are up here."

"But...it's so...open." Emily said cringing at the thought of using it.

"You can't seriously be worried about privacy now. Compared to a diaper change, this is step up."

"Well, yeah but..."

"No buts, c'mon. Pants off." Anna said.

"This isn't the scenario I had in mind on how I wanted my pants to come off tonight." Emily said sighing as she pulled off the borrowed jeans revealing a un-used diaper underneath. She was about to pull the tapes off until Anna stopped her.

"Wait." Anna said grabbing a towel from a drawer and placed it by the makeshift toilet. "Take it off over the towel. There's a trashcan over here too." she said walking away to give her some space as she began going through some bags and pulling out the supplies.

"So how long do I have to sit on this thing?" Emily asked after a few minutes of nothing happening from her spot on the training toilet.

"However long it takes."

"I really don't have to g-" Emily began but was cut off by the loud echoing sounds of her pee falling into the bucket below as Emily wished the ground would open up and swallow her.

"Awe, who's going peepee like a big girl?" Anna teased as she waited for her to finish before approaching with the wet wipes and package of trainers. "Just toss the wipes in the trash when you're done with them."

"You know, I WAS going to let you take the diaper off to use the bathroom, but now I'm not feeling so generous." she said taking out a trainer.

"Hey, c'mon now, let's not be to hasty with our decisions." Anna said. "You're not really gonna make me use this thing are you?"

"I will if you continue the kid jokes, it's bad enough this is happening without the condescending remarks. You really don't have to go out of your way to embarrass me. It's embarrassing enough without your help." she said standing up and sliding up the trainer on backwards.

"Evee goes on the back." Anna said trying not to laugh at her. "I'll bet you'll forgive me when you see your reward."

"If it has anything to do with charts and gold stars I swear i'll-" Emily threatened until she saw the package of pokeball chocolates Anna held up. Anna smiled as she saw Emily's eyes light up.

"Caramel, nougat, hazelnut, milk chocolate, dark chocolate, chocolate and peanuts." Anna said as she began reading off all the different kinds making Emily's mouth water. "Here's the rules, I'll give you one every time you go in that." she said pointing the adult sized potty chair. "No penalties for accidents during the first week. Starting the second week though, if you don't make it, I eat one instead."

"Still sounds a bit childish." Emily said hesitant to agree more out of fear of Anna eating them all.

"Sorry, but I've never had to potty train an adult before, or anyone for that matter."

"How about instead of chocolate," Emily said as she approached Anna. "I get one of these instead." she whispered as she kissed Anna.

"I like where this is going." Anna said leading Emily towards her queen sized bed as they locked lips once again but this time with everything they had been holding back for so long. "Maybe we should should slow down." Anna suggested after 15 minutes of making out non-stop as she felt Emily attempting to get into her pants. Both girls shirts were strewn around the floor and Anna wasn't sure what happened to her bra or when it had even come off.

"You don't want this?" Emily asked feeling a little hurt and lot more frustrated in that kind of way. No that wasn't it, Anna wanted this just as badly as Emily as the place between her legs throbbed in contrast to her words. It was all she could do to pry herself off the girl, something just seemed...off.

"Emily, I would like nothing more than to tie you down and make what happened three months ago look like a scene out of a Disney movie." She said as she sat on the edge of the bed.

"Then what? Why'd you stop? Was I doing something wrong?"Emily asked as she breathed in her hand to check her breath. "Do I smell bad?"

"No, it's nothing like that and you smell fine, good actually, like baby powder."

"Why thank you, I only use baby powder ground from the finest and freshest of babies." Emily joked attempting to lighten the now awkward mood that filled the room.

"It's just, what if the newness of sex wears off? You want to get in my pants now, but what about next month? Or the month after that? What if we break up and things get awkward? You're the first person I've let in my life since the accide- I mean, in a long time, I don't want to lose you." Anna wasn't to too worried about those things, well, maybe a little bit, maybe even more than she thought. That wasn't the reason she had stopped though, Anna just couldn't shake this feeling they were being watched. She couldn't tell Emily that though, she had to come up with something more...believable.

"Anna, I had no idea." Emily said as she rested her head over the brunettes shoulder and wrapped her arms around her back. " If you wanna slow down, it's fine but just know I'm not going anywhere. I mean, if you hadn't been nice enough to stay with me in the forest, who knows what would have happened. You were even there when I woke up, and you hadn't even been asked to stay until later that day. You're the nicest perso-"

"I'm not as nice as you think I am." Anna said cutting her off. "Normally, I would have just left you to wander for all I cared. If you hadn't looked like my sister, I wouldn't have been following you."

"You were following me?"

"For a little bit, I hadn't planned on talking to you, but you tripped and my rattata jumped off my shoulder to make sure you were OK. I only met you cause I had to chase after him." Anna admitted.

"Why were you following me? And don't tell me I have your rat to thank for saving me."

"I thought I was seeing a ghost. If my father hadn't killed her, I'd have sworn you were my sister."

"What did you say about your father?" Emily asked alarmed.

"Forget I said anything." Anna said, quickly regretting opening her mouth.

"I thought they died in a car accident." Emily said.

Anna sat quietly debating on what to say, finally deciding to just come clean of all the baggage she had been holding onto for so long. "About four years ago, Silph company headquarters, and everyone in it, was held hostage by Team Rocket. I was there that day, as I was most days, helping out in the day care since my little sister often played there with the other children. I had been up on the fourth floor running an errand when I saw one of the grunts on his cell phone.

I hid behind the corner and I couldn't help but hear their conversation. He had the phone on speaker and he was talking to someone about my dad funding something called the Mewtwo Project. He told the man on the other end of the phone he had refused at first, but after he had threatened my dads life he had agreed to cash in on some kind of $10 million insurance policy.

I didn't think about it again as their conversation was cut short by some kid who had somehow managed to get past the others. Turns out he was some kind of pokemon prodigy as he had managed to defeat everyone and kick them all out in half a day.

The next week though". Anna said as her voice started cracking. " My dad had decided to throw a party in that boys honor. He said he had some things to take care of and that he would be leaving first and that we should meet him there later. He told mom to take the black car and we were all excited because that car was his baby, he never let us near it. That was the last thing I remember before I woke up in a ditch with both my legs broken and...and... when I looked over." Anna said now uncontrollably crying. "A tree branch was sticking out of my sisters stomach."

I kept crying for my mom, but she wouldn't answer. I couldn't see what was wrong because of my legs. My sister was still alive but her breathing was shallow and she was coughing up blood. All I could do was hold her hand and tell her 'it would be OK' but she died an hour later. The next thing I knew I was in the hospital. While my aunt had stayed with me until I had recovered , my father never once came to visit me. Officer Jenny had stopped by a few times to get my statement, but I couldn't remember what happened. She told me the brakes had been cut by Team Rocket as an assassination attempt on my father and I believed it.

It wasn't until the day of the funeral I had found out how much money my father received in insurance money. $7.5 million, if I would have died as well, it would have been $10 million. The same amount I heard that team rocket grunt say my father would collect. That's when I knew what my father had done, he was the one who killed them. The 'insurance policy' that grunt was talking about was his families! That bastard killed my mom and sister to save himself! " Emily could feel Anna shaking underneath her arms. She had no idea what to say, this was so much worse than a simple car crash. She had lost her entire family, and even the ability to trust people.

"Have you ever told anybody?" Emily said after a long bout of silence as she rocked the broken girl in her arms.

"I lost it at the funeral. I started screaming and telling anyone who would listen, but all anybody saw was a girl who lost her family and needed someone to blame. The next day he gave me that card you saw and told me to never come back. I've lived in this Pokemon Center ever since."

"Oh, Anna." Emily said as she fought back her own tears as she let Anna cry herself out for the next 15 minutes.

"Thank you." Anna whispered once she had calmed down as the two spooned together in bed until they heard a beeper go off.

"Huh? What's that?" Emily said sitting up.

"Oh, that's a timer I set." Anna said as she got out of bed and stretched before walking over to her desk to end the beeping. "It's been an hour. It's time to sit on your potty again." she teased. Well, at least she's feeling better Emily thought as she reluctantly got out of bed. She immediately froze upon standing and jammed her hand in her diapered crotch while crossing her legs. She suddenly realized she had to go and badly. "Come on, just a few steps. You can do it." Anna said as she watched Emily struggle.

Emily tried to take a step, but felt it start coming out. She managed to stop it after a few seconds but she knew she couldn't make it if she moved. She shook her head so Anna pushed it over to her.

"Don't worry about taking it off, just sit on the seat and finish going in your pull-up." Anna said lowering Emily onto the contraption noticing she was quite wet already. "At least you felt something." Anna said as she saw the defeated look in Emily's eyes. Emily wrinkled her face in disgust as she finally finished 15 seconds later. She previously thought being in a wet diaper was the worst feeling, it was nothing compared to being in a wet pull-up.

"Come over here when you're done. It's almost ten right now, do you want to stay up a bit longer or should we go to sleep?"Anna said pulling some things down from her closet.

"Let's stay up a bit longer. We can watch meowth videos on the internet if you want." Emily said standing up and awkwardly waddling to where Anna was lying a changing mat and other things out on the bed.

"Sure, what else is the internet for?" Anna said motioning for Emily to lay down on the mat where she then took some scissors and very carefully cut off the wet pull-up and threw it away. Then she carefully cleaned her before sprinkling baby powder (made from the finest of babies) and rubbed it into her skin using her hands which Emily seemed to enjoy a little TOO much. "Here, step into this." Anna said as she held open a fresh pull-up facing the correct direction.

"Umm, thanks." Emily said as Anna slid it up to her waist. "I could've done that."

"Sorry, you just look so cute in those."

"What about you?" Emily asked.

"What about me?" Anna asked as began collecting everything to put aside for later.

"Do you need a change?"

"....No I do not need a change!" Anna said as she continued to hold her painfully full bladder. Maybe she'll let me take it off Anna thought hopefully.

"Sorry, it's just been a while since we were put in them and, well, you have this really uncomfortable look on your face."

"It's nothing, don't worry about it!" Anna said with an uncomfortable smile as she sat down on the bed facing Emily. Man, both girls thought with a blush, I really want to kiss her. "Umm, how about some music?" Anna said as she reached for the remote for her stereo in the hopes of easing the tension between the two. If this keeps up, Anna thought, there's no way I can keep my hands off her. Anna hit play as both girls grew more uncomfortable.

She's up all night to the sun

I'm up all night to get some

We're up all night for good fun

I'm up all night to get lucky

Anna skipped that song with a nervous laugh "Ugh, somehow I'm not in the mood for Daft Punk.

"Yeah, uh, me neither." Emily said.

Put your hands all over

Put your hands all over me

Skip.

I wanna

Lick lick lick lick you from your

Head to your toes and I wanna

Move from the bed down down

To the floor

SKIP! SKIP! SKIP!

"UGH! I can't take this anymore!" Anna said as she pinned Emily down to the bed as their tongues and bodies quickly began to intertwine.

"You're...so...cute." Anna said in between kisses down Emily's neck and chest.

"MM, yes." Emily moaned as she felt a hand begin to message her breast ( if she could call them that) as her lower half began feeling warm and funny like a strange itch that needed to be taken care of. She wondered if Anna felt the same as she helped her take off her pants. Emily then began rubbing the front of Anna's diaper as she wondered what kind of reaction she'd get.

"Yes! Please! Yesss, it feels so good." Anna moaned in between kisses as Emily sped her palm up. "No! where are you going?" Anna said sadly as Emily got up and began rummaging through the bags and returned with the things they had bought. "And just what are you planning on doing with that?" Anna asked with a mischievous grin.

"You'll see." Emily said as she removed the rest of Anna's clothes, leaving both of them in nothing but a diaper as she shook up the whipped cream bottle and coated Anna's breasts before she then began slowly licking it off while continuing to rub her below.

"Pleaase, more." Anna begged unknowingly pushing herself into Emily's hand. Emily stopped rubbing as she then stuck her hand into Anna's diaper and began pleasing her directly.

"Not yet." Emily said as she pushed a finger and then two into her as she listened to her approving moans as she slowly pulled them in and out as she began to pick up speed as she inserted a third as she heard the moaning grow louder as her partners body began to twitch. "At least this time I don't have to worry about you peeing on me." Emily said as she watched Anna climax.

"How many times do I have to say I'm sorry?" Anna panted "Besides, I know you liked it." she teased rolling over and pinning Emily down.

"Oh yeah, sure." Emily said as she let Anna hold her down. "Who was it that got all excited knowing I was wetting a diaper?"

"Your face just looked so sexy all of a sudden, I couldn't help myself." Anna admitted. "You look so cute when you're embarrassed I can't help but tease you." she said as she seemed to wiggle around uncomfortably for a moment.

"What is it?"

"Umm, speaking of..." Anna said as her face grew a bit red. "Have you decided yet? I really gotta pee."

"So?" Emily teased. "Just go."

"...Can I take it off?"

"Yeah, that's fine." Emily said after a moment of thought. "But" she added after seeing Anna's happy face, "You can't leave the room."

"Then where am I supposed to..." Anna said as she followed Emily's finger to the portable toilet across the room.

"If you don't like that option, you can always just go in your diaper like you're supposed to." Emily said with a grin as she watched Anna's face turn redder as she looked from her diaper to the makeshift potty chair.

"Argh, fine, I choose the chair." she said as she made a mad dash across the room as she danced in place trying to remove the tapes. "Ahh..." she sighed happily uncaring of the loud noise of her pee or that her girlfriend was watching her intently getting off on the view. "You like what you see over there?" Anna teased as she saw Emily staring.

"Could you, maybe..." Emily was going to ask but stopped clearly embarrassed.

"What? Spit it out. You wanna watch or something?" she joked unknowing she had guessed correctly until Emily nodded her very red face. "Weirdo." she said but rose into a squatting position to humor her and spread herself to give her a better view as she finished. She was laughing to herself as she saw Emily's eyes nearly pop out of her head. "You look very...uncomfortable now" Anna said as she watched Emily squirm.

"Just come back." Emily whimpered.

"I have a better idea." Anna said. "Since I indulged your little...curiosity. You get to indulge mine." she said as she pulled out the escape ropes and came toward her with an evil grin as Emily audibly gulped.

10 minutes later Anna had Emily completely stretched out as each of her limbs was tied securely to the bed posts. "What are you going to do to me?" Emily asked both nervous and a bit excited.

"Whatever I feel like." Anna answered.

###

"That f-ing c-nt!" 52 year old Robert Silph yelled as he slammed his fists onto his desk as he watched the surveillance tape of a certain room in the Cerulean City Pokemon Center. "Just who does that bitch think she is! I give her everything and this is the thanks I get?"

"It would explain why she has turned down all the men you have presented her, sir." Another man appeared behind him dressed in a black outfit with a red R across the front and a matching black hat.

"I did not work this hard to end up having a f-ggot as a daughter. She will not ruin my plans. She will marry one of them whether she likes it or not." the man said as he stood and adjusted his tie. "Who is that girl?" he said pointing to the image on screen. "The one my daughters doing...THAT with."

"I believe that's called a '69', sir."

"I didn't ask you what it was called! I asked you who it was."

"Right, yes." He said nervously picking up something and reading it. "Her name's Emily. Emily Ketchum. She's been seen with Anna several times over the last few months."

"Did you say ' Ketchum'?"

"Yes, sir."

"Great, just my luck. Another Ketchum, they're nuisances, the whole lot of them. I think it's time I sent my daughter a little more motivation than money. I'd like you to pay dear Emily a little visit tomorrow. Make sure she's alone and teach her what it means when you mess with Team Rocket.
