School Days-Susan's Weekend

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-04-08 02:57

Susan woke up at exactly quarter to 7, it being the weekend. "Ahhhh, it's so nice and refreshing to wake up early!" she called, even though nobody else was in her room. She felt a deep urge to urinate, having just woken up. "Ugh," she said, "If I go to the bathroom, I'll miss my show!" She cursed the television program for having animes she actually liked to watch so damn early in the morning. She jumped out of bed and sat in front of the TV in her room. She was one of the lucky few teens to have TVs in their rooms, and hers was a flat screen with a DVD player, so it was even better. She didn't bother dressing or to even put her robe on so she wouldn't miss a second. She sat on her knees, wearing nothing but a white lacy bra and panties and her hair was kept up with two small red bows.

Susan smiled and turned on the TV, ignoring the growing pain in her bladder. She saw the TVY7 symbol on the TV and the theme song started. She shivered in her underwear but didn't dare to go turn on the heater and miss the new episode. "Fighting evil by moonlight, winning love by daylight," the girl sung. Susan loved the song but hated how the girl singing it sounded like a 9 or 10 year old, maybe even younger. She squirmed a little as the pain grew bigger. The title flashed on the screen in big pastel letters and Susan fell back in surprise. A spurt of pee dampened the front of her panties. "Stupid anime writers!" she yelled, not knowing whose idea it was to have huge letters pop out on screen.

She grasped her crotch and focused on the screen, but the pain in her bladder made it hard to focus on the characters. "Serena, don't eat all-"

"We have the whole weekend to do whatever we want, Amara-"

"Hey, watch it Meat-Ball Head!" She only heard half of what each character said. She stood up and danced around the room, her eyes still glued to the screen as she snapped her bra straps onto her skin to focus on that pain and not the pain in her bladder. She stared at her clock while bending over and grasping her crotch. "I've only been watching for 10 minutes?!" she cried. She knew a good 20 minutes were still ahead of her, maybe more. She sat on her knees again, slapping her bra straps and trying so hard to focus on the screen, but she just saw blurred colors through her tears.

She grasped her crotch and bounced up and down, hot, salty tears pouring from her eyes. She glanced at the clock but she had only been watching for 15 minutes. She got up and danced around, grasping her crotch and crossing her legs while still focusing on the TV. She loosened the grip on her crotch and sat back down, snapping her bra straps. The flood started and she held it back with one finger but nothing helped. It came anyway, and since her finger was jammed up there, the spray jetted in various directions, spraying her face, her stomach and making a huge mess on the floor. She sighed as the peeing ceased right as the end credits started.

She stood up and grabbed a mop from the closet and mopped the hard wood floor up. She stared at her hot, steamy, and shining skin. She stripped her bra and panties off and tossed them in the dirty clothes, not caring what her mom thought once she found them. She removed the bows and shook her hair out. She climbed into the bath and sighed happily as the warm water covered her body with warm bubbles and soap. She closed her eyes and relaxed herself for a second, forgetting all about her accident. She washed her body, taking extra time to wash her girlhood since it was still sticky and sweaty from peeing on herself.

She drained the water and dried herself off and did everything else she did to start the day. She brushed her still sopping wet hair and placed it up in a messy bun with chopsticks stuck in it at weird angles. Her underwear was a black lacy bra and panties with pink bows on them. She put on a navy blue blouse and placed a silk red tie over it. She put on a black leather pencil skirt with a skirt cut in the back. She also put on black tights and navy blue flats. She grabbed her books and dashed out the door. "Bye mom! I'm going to work!" she cried and slammed the door shut before her mom answered.

Susan had a part-time job at an office building as an aid for the other workers, making copies, delivering papers to people and other small jobs. It wasn't easy but someone had to do them. She ran down the sidewalk and signed for a bus since she didn't have enough time to walk all the way down to the office today. The bus took her straight to the office building, but as she started to get off, the bus started up again and turned a corner. Susan was confused since she was positive that this was the right bus. She tapped on the driver's shoulder. "Pardon me?" she asked politely.

"Weren't you supposed to stop over at that office building?" The driver eyed her. "Well miss, I'm sorry if you were too lazy to read the sign, but we don't stop there." he stated. Susan's stomach dropped. She tapped the driver again. "But I did check and I'm positive the bus was supposed to stop there." she said. "Now miss, if you don't take your seat right now, then I shall kick you off this bus and then you really will be in trouble. Understand?" he asked.

Susan had no time to argue as she felt her bladder filling up once again from all the orange juice she drank that morning. "Understand?" the driver asked again. Susan nodded. "Yeah, I understand. I'll go take my seat." She sighed as she settled back into her seat. She puckered her lips and stared out the window while crossing her legs. The last stop was about a mile away from her office and she was already so late anyway, she was about to get fired if she dallied. She grabbed her books and rushed off the bus before the driver shut the doors.

She stepped inside the office and signed in. She set her books onto her desk and walked around, looking for people who needed her help. All she could hear were ringing telephones and keyboard keys flying. Other then that, it was dead quiet. She got a drink from the cooler and wiped her mouth off just as she spotted Claire running towards her. Claire was known throughout the district as Clarinet, for she played one in her school band for 8 years. She gasped and bent over when she reached Susan.

"Susan, could you take these papers over to the copier and make some copies for me? Thanks!" she called without hearing Susan's response. Susan danced around but made her way over to the copier. She pushed the button but it didn't respond. Susan kept pushing it in anger while grasping her crotch. "Stupid darn machine!" she yelled and thanked God that nobody heard her. Her bladder got even more full and she was so desperate to just pull her skirt up and go right there, but she was way too proper and refined to even think of such a thing. She started punching the button and still nothing happened. Another woman, dressed in a Japanese suit, walked in and removed Susan's papers and started copying her own. The woman had her hair up in a bun and pink lipstick on her mouth and she stood there texting on her phone, waiting for her papers.

Susan tapped the woman's shoulder. "Pardon me," she asked. "Could you copy my papers real quick? I need to freshen up." The woman nodded and took her papers off. Susan thanked her and rushed off to the girls' room. She tried to open the door, and, to her dismay, found it locked. She saw the Closed For Cleaning sign right above her head. She sighed and crossed her legs. She rushed off and grabbed the papers and books and took them to Claire.

Claire was on the phone and didn't see that Susan was bent over, holding her crotch and wiggling. Claire hung the phone up and took the papers from Susan without a word. "Hey, Clarinet?" Susan asked and Claire spun around. "The girls' room is closed for cleaning and I'm kinda having a problem." Claire blinked. "Do you think you could tell me another option of reaching the bathroom?" Susan continued. Claire pushed a red blinking button on the phone and answered her friend. "No, but maybe you could use my coffee mug. I'm not a fan of coffee, so I just keep it on my desk so people think I drink it. You can go hide in the alley or something, then empty it out when you're done." She slipped Susan the mug, but Susan had a hard time holding it in her need. "Thanks."

Claire nodded, then answered the phone. Susan walked as slowly as she could, trying to balance both the mug and her 2 books, plus all the OJ and water in her almost-full bladder. She placed the coffee mug on a table while she pulled her stocking up so it wouldn't droop, but she dropped her books and as she stooped down to pick them up, she lost her balance and fell.

The impact hit her bladder hard and the flow started. The urine splashed and splashed into her panties and flowed down into her stockings and into her shoes. It made a small puddle where Susan was sitting, and since she had her legs up, everyone had a full view of her humiliation. The urine stopped with one loud hiss just as Claire pushed her way through the crowd. "Oh, no Susan! You didn't make it, did you?" Susan blushed and her friend helped her up as the crowd cleared.

"You can come to my house to clean up so your mom doesn't find out," Claire offered. Susan smiled. "Okay, but I soaked my panties this morning, so I don't think she'd really care now." The girls laughed and stepped out into the sunlight together.

*004*2011-04-08 20:58

{{: 

Another good entry in the School Days series. I'm curious, though. You said she put on black tights before she left, and then you said she was wearing a skirt. Did I miss something?

}}

I didn't even realize that, but she had both tights and a skirt on. Sorry I wasn't very clear, I'll try to be more clearer next time.

