Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 4

Author: Alexxx

*075*2012-08-02 04:04

(Going by the games. I don't generally like doing fan-fiction about other people's characters, I like doing completely my on OC's. Since this is pretty much unavoidable in this case, I'm just going to try to base him on the games as much as possible for the short roll he will play. Thanks for your question!)

$$

$$

$$

*077*2012-08-05 04:15

Although the outside of the gym was built in the typical Pokemon Gym style, the interior was built like a cave. Novice rock trainers were hidden in hollow boulders throughout the gym, and challenged anyone that accidentally walked into their line of sight. The musty cave scent lingered in the air.

"Are you ready Nova?" I smiled, pumped for my first gym battle. Although this was more a formality then anything, I was excited for Nova. This was all real for him. The possibility of him losing his first gym battle wasn’t negligible; he was fighting opponents of only slightly lower level then himself, and they had a type advantage. I wouldn’t lose the battle of course, I had static, but I would try my best to encourage Nova to beat the gym himself. I believed in him.

We approached Brock. He smiled condescendingly at Static and Charmander.

“You know, it’s typically usual for novice trainers to have a type advantage before their first gym. Bringing a rock type and an electric type will make this battle much harder.”

“I’m not a novice.” I realized how stupid I sounded, an 18 year old with two pokemon that were both ‘not very effective’ against rock. Oh well, it was up to me to prove him wrong.

“I suppose we’ll find out.” Brock swiped a pokeball from his waist and tossed it into the air. “Go, geodude!”

“Nova! Use metal claw!” Nova rushed at the Geodude, with his claws glimmering like metallic steel. The geodude hovered looking conserned, but making no immediate action.

“Geodude, use rock throw!” Brock ordered. The rock appeared in Geodude’s hand right as Nova was about to attack.

“Chaaar!” Nova shouted at his claws collided with the Geodude. The Geodude flew backwards a few feet, and collapsed against the wall.

"Nice hit, Nova!" I congratulated him while Brock returned the fainted Geodude to his pokeball.

"Thanks!" Nova beamed "I thought he was gonna hit me with the rock, and I was kinda scared, but I hit him first! Did you see, did you see?"

"Yes." I smiled at his enthusiasm. "Stay focused though, you have one more to beat."

“Go, Onix!” Brock yelled, and a giant rock snake appeared in a glow of scarlet light. The Onix roared, shaking the foundation of the gym itself.

Charmander curled up in a ball and shook, as the Onix glared at him menacingly.

"Charmander, remember, you still have the upper-hand!" I thought encouragingly. "You’re faster, and have a high damaging move! Although it looks intimidating, remember you are stronger!"

"I don’t feel stronger…" Charmander thought quietly.

"The feeling comes with time. Trust me. You’ll be ok."

"…Ok. I trust you, Josh. What do I do?"

"Metal Claw, as soon as you can." I thought. Nova got up and faced the Onix.

"Punch it, punch it!" Static screamed, flailing his own limbs as if to help Nova. Sandy stood tensed watching the battle intently.

“Use tackle, now!” Brock commanded the Onix, sensing Nova’s intimidation. The Onix dove at Nova at full strength. My Charmander’s claws shone bright sliver, and as the Onix dove upon him he smashed his claws into the side of the Onix’ face, knocking the giant rock-snake to the ground.

"Did I do that!?" Nova exclaimed. "Did I just move that entire Pokemon all by myself? It’s HUGE!"

"Yes you did." I said proudly. "-But wait, watch out, it’s still-"

I didn’t get to complete my phrase. The Onix whipped it’s tail, hitting nova right in the chest and smashed him against the cave wall. I winced in sympathy, and called out to him with my Pokespeak.

"Nova!!!" I cried, "are you ok?!"

The dust settled, and Nova was still standing. He had a different look in his eye. No longer one of fear or bewilderment, but one of confidence.

"That barely even hurt!" Nova exclaimed happily. "This is easy!"

The Onix reared up once again, and dove at Nova. Nova sidestepped the snake, and punched it again with his metal claws.

The snake slammed against the ground, bounced slightly, then skidded the rest of the way across the gym floor before hitting the opposing wall. Nova beamed, holding his claws in front of his face happily.

“Onix, return.” Brock commanded, and returned the fainted Pokemon to its pokeball. He looked up and smiled. “Alright, perhaps not a novice. It appears you know your way around the battlefield.”

“We’re getting there.” I smiled at Nova, who had a huge grin on his face.

“Well, I believe I owe you a badge, trainer.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a Boulderbadge, and flipped it into my open palm. “You know what you’re doing. Good luck out there.”

“Thanks!” I grinned, and pocketed the badge. Static gave Nova a congratulatory hug, and Sandy complemented his battling style.

All and all, a good day.

*079*2012-08-06 01:22

( ^ Well, you guys don't want too many spoilers, would you :3? Also, the start of omorashi in the next post!)

*081*2012-08-08 05:59

"A c-c-cave?" Nova sputtered.

"Yeah, it’s called Mt. Moon." I answered. "It’s a medium sized cave that connects this town to Cerulean. Don’t worry, it’s fairly well lit. Plus, we’ll have a strong fire type guiding us through?" I chuckled.

"Who?" Nova asked.

"You." I answered. Pikachu snickered through his pokespeak.

"M-me!?" Nova stuttered. "b-but It’s dark in there! I can’t see well, and there are dangerous pokemon!"

"You’ll be able to see fine. Plus I over-leveled you a bit so the Zubats in the cave wouldn’t be a hastle. You’ll be fine."

"…If you say so." Nova reluctantly answered. Sandy and I walked hand in hand in front of Nova, with Wigglytuff and Static standing to the left of us as well. They weren’t holding hands, but I noticed them walking rather close and occasionally bumping into each other, resulting in a mixture of giggles.

It was a little more than a mile walk to the caves. Everyone was talking and having fun; even Nova enjoyed the conversation after getting over his initial fear of caves. Sandy turned to me and motioned to Nova, making a little water shape with her hands. I looked at her in confusion.

“You know…!” Sandy motioned again and pointed discreetly at Nova. I looked at her with sheepish confusion once more.

"They’re asking you if you like holding!" Static blurted to Nova. Sandy growled at Static, and I thunked my loud-mouthed Pikachu in the back of the head. "Ouch! What, we were gonna do it anyway! Plus it’s not my fault I can read your girlfriend’s body language better then you!"

I thunked him again. Nova looked at us with questioning, wide green eyes. "Wait, do you guys want to do, like, the hold-it game we did a few days ago? T-there are more people, though. Do Sandy and Wiggltuff like that stuff?"

"Yeah. We’re all weird like that." Sandy grinned, and Wigglytuff blushed.

"Well, yeah, ok, I can do it I guess. I’m not very good though. Do you guys mind?"

"Not at all." Wiggltuff interjected. "A young male Charmander that can’t hold well is perfect for playing; the better view for us girls!"

"Um, what…?" Charmander looked confused.

"Hey! " Static blushed angrily.

"What?" Wiggly smiled coquettish at Static, then ran away. Pikachu ran after her, ears brisling with embarrassment and jealousy.

"All right, so are we playing or what?" Sandy turned to face me, wrapping her arms into mine. She pressed one leg into mine and stared into my eyes, smiling seductively.

"Well, I don’t know, I mean, I could go either way…" She pushed me away playfully. "I’m kidding, I’m kidding! Of course." I laughed.

Between Sandy and me we handed everyone a respective water bottle; Sandy and I picking full sized ones, and the Pokemon getting half-sized bottles. Everyone drank a bit, and we all headed into the road leading up to Mt.Moon.

*085*2012-08-10 06:12

"W-wait, what if we get lost!" Nova hollered suddenly. "W-we’ll be trapped in this cave forever!"

"Don’t worry about it; this cave isn’t actually that big. We should be out in less than an hour, I think. Plus if we get lost, we could just follow the trail of fainted Zubats to find the way we came from.

Pikachu snickered, along with Sandy. There really was a small trail of Zubats behind us that had challenged Nova, and met the backside of his claws. I encouraged him to use ember at first, but if he could one hit K.O. them with Iron Claw, why did I care?

"Mmmmm….!" Nova squirmed. "Hey, how close are you guys? I think I’m probably like a nine out of ten right now…"

"Nova, you’re not even bending over, or grabbing yourself." Static rolled his eyes at the hesitant Charmander. "You’re probably at like, a four or something."

"But I have to pee really bad!"

"Then hold yourself. It helps."

"Mmmmm….." Charmander looked uncomfortably at everyone watching him. "…I can hold it."

"Well now I should hope!" I laughed. "We’re not allowed to lose it in the cave! We would have to clean up afterwards, which would be pretty nasty. No, we’re gonna play the rest of the game when we get out."

"B-but what if I can’t hold it that long!?" Nova stuttered, worried.

"You can. We believe in you." I laughed. Nova looked insecure.

"Well… what do you think you guys are on?" Nova asked.

"Number wise? Maybe a five for me." I answered.

"Um, maybe a four for me." Sandy replied.

"Jeez, I think I’m probably a six." Wigglytuff replied.

"I don’t know, a three?" Static answered. He turned to Wigglytuff. "Really, a six?"

" I had to pee before all this." She mumbled. "I’ll be able to make it out of the cave, of course, but yeah, I need to pee pretty bad." She crossed her bottom paws back and forth before maintaining her composure. Static pretended to look uninterested.

“…Shit, I’m completely lost.” I whispered to Sandy, laughing slightly about my own incompetence. “Do you have any idea…?”

“Yeah, I think it’s this way.” She pointed towards a smaller tunnel, with a small ladder leading down.

After a moment, we were all standing around the ladder.

"W-what if we fall!?" Nova shuddered, staring at the ladder in horror. "We would splatter on the ground like a pancake!"

"Nova, it’s like a seven foot drop…" Static grumbled. "I think it’s more for us to get up then to get down. We could just FALL and probably be fine."

"Let’s climb down just to be safe, alright guys?" I said.

"Wusssss! It’s seven feet, I’ve been PUNCHED farther distances then that and I was fine. Watch!" Static dashed in front and hopped down the hole.

“Static, NO!” I cried, but he had already jumped. I instantly heard a low moan coming from the bottom of the ladder.

“Static! Shit!” I jumped down immediately, momentarily disregarding my own safety. Luckily I landed on my feet, unlike static who appeared to have landed on his arm. “Static, are you-”

"I’m fine…" He grunted. "..don’t make such a big deal about it, sheesh…" He got up with his other arm, and dusted himself off. I noticed the arm he landed on hung limply at his side.

"Stat…" I motioned at his arm. "Are you sure you’re-"

"I’m fine!" He motioned me to shut up with his injured arm, then unintentionally winced in pain. I shot him a look of concern, which he matched with a glare. I decided to drop the issue.

“Augh, dammit Josh!” I heard Sandy’s voice echoing above. “Are you guys ok down there?!”

“Ummmm…” I glanced once more at Static, who returned another annoyed glare. “…yeah, we’re okay!”

Sandy and Wiggly climbed down, followed by a hesitant Nova, whom I guided down carefully.

With the dim torchlight mixed with Nova’s tail, we forged on.

*086*2012-08-13 05:31

(Static POV)

(Trying VERY HARD to keep each POV distinct. Sandy being strong and loyal, josh being smart and carasmatic but unsure, Skarr being apathetic, and Static being compulsive and ‘not thinking things through’ a lot. Since this is written through his perspective, the word usage reflects how he thinks, and thus was done ON PURPOSE. Thanks : ) )

With everyone safely down from the ladder we started walking again except Nova, who kind of awkwardly shuffled down the cave with his hand balled all weird near the fork of his legs. Josh walked hand in hand with Sandy. Wigglytuff brushed against me, and I moved away. I didn’t want to hold her paw if she just wanted to hold Nova’s later…

I cradled my hurting arm.

"Ok, yeah, this is the right way." Sandy voiced confidently. "Yeah, it should only be like twenty minutes now, we’re pretty close."

"Twenty minutes!?" Nova whined and bent over to grab himself with both hands. "…That long…?"

Josh turned around and looked concerned. "How close are you Nova? If we really need to, I have an empty bottle-"

"No, no, I’m fine..." He resumed awkwardly shuffling along. "…I hope."

"To be honest, I think I’m pretty close too." Wiggly thought near me. She bent over and bit her lip, but quickly flashed her eyes at me to see if I was paying attention. I turned and pretended to be looking at arm instead. She frowned, and then changed her pokespeak.

"Hey Stat…" She whispered only to me, "a-are you mad? Or hurt?"

"I’m fine." I stomped away, but then felt a strong paw pull me back.

"Hey, um, Sandy and other guy, ah, ah, Josh!" Wigglytuff sputtered, "There’s an item over there!"

"Where?!" Josh’s head whipped around. Sandy elbowed him and messed with her pokespeak, thinking something privately.

"It was over there!" Wigglytuff insisted. "Here, Static and I will go and get it!"

"Wut?" I thought bewildered as Wigglytuff dragged me behind a mound of rocks.

"Alright, make sure to bring it back!" Sandy shouted at Wiggly. Wiggle shot an annoyed thought at Sandy. Once we were alone Wigglytuff changing her pokespeak so she was just talking to me.

"Are you mad at me?" She looked sorry with her wide, blue eyes.

"…no." I thought stubbornly, rubbing my arm. "Now where is the item you were talking about? Is it like a pokeball, or a rarecandy, or-"

"I made it up." She thought guiltily. "I wanted to get us alone. You… you kept bating my paw away when I tried to hold yours, and when I was desperate you acted like you didn’t even care…" She turned away and stared sadly at the ground.

"I…" I grumbled, trying not to appear weak. "I’m just mad I guess about that thing you said about Nova. I thought we were, like, something, but you made I seem like we weren’t. Like you didn’t care…" I trailed off, staring away so she couldn’t see my expression. I wasn’t sad!

I WASN’T!

But I was…I don’t know. I wasn’t mad, I mean, maybe I was a little bit, but that wasn’t all. I wanted her to want… me. And NOT him.

"I didn’t really mean it, Static…I was just messing around! Really! Please don’t be mad…" She took my hurt arm in her own, and rubbed it gently.

"I’m not mad…" I said again. "I just, I don’t know. What if you really like him more the me?"

"Now, why would I like him at all…" Her voice took on a more flirty, cute tone. "…when I have an awesome, brave, smexy Pikachu right here?" She let go of my arm, and grabbed my ear playfully, gnawing on the tip. "He doesn’t even know how to hold himself right, or how I like being kissed…" She pressed me against the smooth cavern wall. "Plus you are a way better battler. I bet you could decimate the whole Zubat population in here with just a thunderbolt!"

I didn’t know what decimate meant, but it sounded cool!

"Really?" I asked, feeling stronger and more confident than ever. She held both my hands, and pressed herself closer to me.

"Really." And she kissed me again, behind the rocks… ~

*091*2012-08-15 02:52

(Nova POV)

"Hey guys! It turns out it was just an everstone, so we left it." Static announced, coming back to the group. His paw was in Wiggllytuff’s once again, so I guess he wasn’t mad at her anymore.

That’s good I guess.

As we advanced, the cave grew darker and colder. The torches were more spread out, and it was really scary. I moved closer to Josh and hugged his leg for comfort.

“Hey, it’s alright.” Josh reached down and rubbed my head. “We’re almost done. We should be out in less than fifteen minutes, I think.”

"I’m scared." I hugged the cuff of his jeans tighter. What dark Pokemon lurked in these caves? Surely I couldn’t fight them all off, and eventually Static would get tired. What if we got lost? What if this wasn’t the way, and we couldn’t get back? What if we could never see the sun again?

…would we starve to death down here? Would we have to eat each other? What…what if-

Tears brimmed in my eyes as I considered the different possibilities. I tried not to slow josh down too much by holding his leg, but I was so scared…

"Can… can you talk to me Josh? It’s less scary when I hear your voice."

"Yeah, sure." Josh answered reassuringly. "What would you like to hear?"

"…Can you tell me a story?"

"Sure. " Josh smiled mysteriously. "Static’s gonna have to help me with this one though."

"Oh good, I like hearing him talk too." I smiled.

"Huh? What story?" Static questioned.

"Waaaaay back when…" Josh started. "When I was… how old was I, Stat? Thirteen? Fourteen?"

"I love this one." Static grinned. "I don’t know, thirteen?"

"Ok, thirteen. Back when I was thirteen, still in middleschool, I was doing-"

"Lemme start, lemme start!" Static begged.

"Alright, go for it." Josh answered.

"Ok, ok, ok." Static waved his arms around, setting the scene. "Ok. Back when I was wild, I was a part of this big group of Pikachu, right? We would go around and find food and hang out. Finding food wasn’t that hard, because we had this HUUUGE apple orchard where we would hang out. The farmer there was really nice, and he would let us eat his apples if we powered some stuff of his every once in a while. It was a cool arrangement."

"One day, a rival clan came to our orchard. They were mean to the farmer. Well, not mean, I guess." Static scratched his ear. "They played pranks on him and stuff. Overload his electronic stuff, and mess with his things. It was kinda sad because he was old and he couldn’t really do anything about it."

"A lot of other Pikachu though it was funny though. Most elected to stay with the other clan, to play pranks and mess around. I wanted to stay with the old clan, but we had so few members we kind of just fell apart…"

"The farmer started getting mad. He called the police one time, and they caught a few of the Pikachu that had messed with the farmer’s stuff. They sent them really far away in a truck, I don’t know where. The other Pikachu were PIIIIIISSSED. They made it out that humans were at fault, and wanted to do something BIG. Like, not a prank, but actually hurt someone."

"I tried to talk to them, but at this point, I wasn’t as…um…."

"Strong?" Josh offered.

"…sure, ‘strong’ as I am now. They beat the crap out of me." Static laughed a bit. "After that, they decided to head to the power station to try to overload it. If they could, it would shut down power for half of the city…"

"Well, I couldn’t do anything. As a lone Pikachu, I tried to make peace with the farmer and stay on his orchard, but he just saw me as another trouble making Pikachu and made me leave…"

"After a while I got really hungry. It was hard, not having a group that you could rely on." He said sadly. "after not finding any real food for like three days, I headed into the city. I saw a small house with an apple tree near it, and it reminded me of the orchard. I knew I couldn’t stay there, but what could one apple do, right? I was REALLY hungry too. So, I went to grab one."

"So you can imagine MY surprise," Josh continued, "Me, a young city kid looking out his window to see a wild Pikachu going to take some of my apples!" He laughed, along with static.

"Right, yeah. So I go up to grab one, and a HUMAN runs out of the house with a broom." Static giggled. "I had NO idea what to do. I didn’t even know what a broom WAS at this point. I just froze!"

"And I saw him there, looking guilty, about to take an apple…" Josh smiled, "And I noticed he was probably just hungry. You usually see Pikachu in packs, and it was strange seeing one alone. So I picked an apple and handed it to him. I was a bit afraid he would shock me or something-"

"Oh, like I would ever shock YOU…" Static thought sarcastically.

"RIGHT." Josh rolled his eyes. "Anyway, I gave him the apple, and he looked so happy! He ate it right there, in front of me. This was the first time I had ever seen a wild pokemon this close, and it just walked up and ate from my hand! I had had dreams of being a pokemon trainer long before this point, but my parents forbade me to have a pokemon until I had finished schooling…"

"Anyway." Static interrupted. "So this human just gives me the apple, and I was SO thankful! I mean, he could have hit me with the broom-thing, or like, kicked me out, or called the police like the farmer…" Static sighed happily. "But no, he gave me the apple."

"So, every once in awhile, this Pikachu would come over, knock on the door like a little human, and ask very politely in his little Pikachu voice for an apple." Josh laughed. "Or, at least that was what I think he was saying. We didn’t have Pokespeaks yet, so in honesty he could have just been saying something vulgar, and all I would have heard was ‘Pika, pi!!!’"

"No, I was asking for an apple." Static smirked. "And he would give me one. After a while I found a good source of berries near a river close to the city. I didn’t need to go get apples any more. But I missed my human." Static smiled, and mouthed ‘my human’ testing the odd words in his mouth.

"So, I went back. I didn’t realize he had school then, so I would just sit on his porch and wait for him. He tried offering me an apple again, but I shook my head and just sat beside him."

"This continued for a while." Josh recalled. "Most of the time he just sit on my desk and purr while I petted him during the time I did my homework. I had to be careful though, if my parents saw me keeping a wild Pokemon in the house, they would FLIP."

"Other times he would come over and talk a STORM though!"Josh chuckled.

"Oh yeah!" Static remembered. "It was about the new clan!"

"Were you trying to warn me or something?" Josh asked.

"No…" Static admitted. "I was mostly just complaining about them. They were mean."

Josh smiled and continued. " Anyway, so this continued for awhile, but then there was a CATASTROPHIC power failure all across the city. The Police reported that a group of Pikachu were the culprits, and that they should be captured with any means necessary."

"We were hunted with GUNS!" Static shouted angrily. "Guns! Can you believe it!?"

"Anyway, it was rough." Josh interjected. "Once Static found out about it, he ran and hid in my bedroom corner. I knew he didn’t have anything to do with the power failure, because he was with me at the time. Still, harboring a Pikachu at this time was a punishable offense; I could have even gone to jail. Buuuut I kept him safe. It was at this time I used my allowance to by us both Pokespeaks so I could explain the situation to Static so he could understand."

"So I couldn’t leave, or else they would find and maybe kill me." Static gulped. "I was a little scared to be staying with a HUMAN, but he treated me really well." Static purred. "He gave me milk to drink, and apples, and cooked fish to eat!"

"During the search, when Pikachu was on my desk when I was studying, my dad burst in!" Josh recalled, biting his lip. "He glared at the Pikachu, then me, then demanded if this was the Pikachu responsible for the power failure. I said no, and that this Pikachu was innocent. He looked so mad!" Josh shuddered. "He asked if I was taking good care of it, and I said yes…then he patted the Pikachu on the head, and told me not to tell mom." Josh chuckled.

"After they found the Pikachu responsible for the power surge, they relocated them deep into the wilderness. After that, it became acceptable to have Pikachu again! I trained and got my license, and the rest is history." Josh smiled, and Static beamed up at him.

‘Someday, I would have an awesome story like that’ I vowed. I noticed I wasn’t holding on to Josh’s leg anymore, and the cave was getting a little bit lighter…

*095*2012-08-20 00:54

(Josh POV)

"…J-josh?" I heard Nova whimper from my right. Both his legs were pressed together tightly, and both of his paws were balled in front of him.

"Yeah, Nova?"

"H-how much longer?"

"We’re really close." I assured him.

"…ok…"

Nova crouched and pressed his paw cautiously against himself before waddling on.

"How is everyone doing, by the way?" I asked.

"Not…to great." Nova thought quietly.

"Uh, maybe a five? It’s getting up there…" Static mumbled.

"Seven, easy…." Wigglytuff thought, fidgeting while holding Static’s paw. She couldn’t keep still, walking, then hopping, then skipping, all the while dragging static along for the ride, much to his displeasure.

"Yeah, seven for me as well." I responded.

"Six." Sandy thought confidently. "And there’s no WAY you’re at a seven Josh, you don’t even have your legs crossed or bent at all."

"Hey, just because I’m not fidgeting doesn’t mean I’m not close! It’s about self-control." I retorted.

"Ah, self-control. Is that your secret then? Remember, eight is needing to hold yourself or risk loss of control, and nine is leaking no matter what. Ten is essentially the same as one. You’re peeing." Sandy tossed her hair as she spoke.

"Alright, alright, I concede. Maybe a six then." I rolled my eyes as Sandy smiled triumphantly. "…after all, you do have more experience with this then I do."

"What does THAT supposed to mean?!" Sandy turned to face me, inches from my own face. I smiled sheepishly. "Don’t smile at me!" She turned and punched me lightly in the bladder, causing me to double over and hold myself. "THAT’S a seven." She smiled as I glared from my weakened state.

"Um, ow?"

"Oh, you’re fine."

"I almost lost it there!"

"Would you prefer if I helped you then?"

"Well, if you insist…"

Static coughed loudly, bringing us both back to reality. I realized we had been thinking in public chat, and winced accordingly. Sandy laughed it off.

"So, what are we going to do once we get out of the cave? Is it last guy or girl standing or what?" Sandy asked, breaking the awkward silence.

"Let’s focus on getting out first…." Nova mumbled, waddling on valiantly.

*098*2012-08-23 03:44

We neared the edge of the cave very slowly. Nova had to stop every so often to hold himself before continuing to inch forward.

"Here’s the exit! See, I said you could do it, Nova!" I smiled at the Charmander, but I noticed he wasn’t facing me. He had both hands pressed against himself and silently shook in place. "Hey Nova, we’re here, you made it! The exit is right over there."

"I don’t think I can walk without leaking…" Nova whispered, doubling over. I bit my lip and glanced at Sandy for a suggestion, but she just shrugged and looked helpless. Wigglytuff bounced up and down in the distance.

"Should I drag him…?" Static moved closer to Nova with his arms extended.

"No!" Nova shouted "I-I mean, please don’t touch me. I’m really, really close I KNOW I am. I feel like I’m about to leak, and I really want to make out first!"

"Make out?" Static laughed and backed up.

"Make IT out! Augh, you know what I meant!"

"What can we do?" I asked.

"J-just let me…be…for a sec. I think I can walk." Nova curled his tail in between his legs and walked hesitantly forward towards the light of the cave’s mouth.

While everyone watched Nova, I took the advantage of quickly pressing down on myself, to suppress a sudden urge. Sandy turned and caught me, and I instantly stopped and mashed my legs together instead. She laughed quietly.

“That is a seven.” She whispered, biting my ear as she did so. Sandy looked around quickly, then ran her fingers over my stomach

“Don’t tickle me!” I hissed. “I have to go as it is, I don’t need any ‘help’ from-" She ran her fingers over me again, and poked my stomach, causing me to recoil in laughter, and momentarily lose control. I felt a spurt of pee escape before I clenched myself with my fist, stopping the short-lived incontinence.

I didn’t feel like it was too bad of a leak, certainly not enough to show on my jeans, but it was enough that I could feel the warmth on my boxers. Sandy snickered quietly and I turned to glare at her again.

“What?” She smiled evilly. “You take too long anyway.”

“I’m trying to hold it, that’s the reason we’re doing this!”

“That’s not my reason…” She smiled flirtatiously and ran another finger across my chest. I bent over and held myself, and managed to stay in control.

“…cheater.” I grumbled.

“You love it.”

“Meh.”

Wigglytuff was already standing outside the cave, dancing impatiently and waiting for Static. Nova was standing just inside the cave, hands pressed against himself, biting his lip with caution.

"Come on, Nova! You’re right there, just take a step and you’re outside!" Static encouraged.

"Oh my gosh, I have to pee SO BAD. I can’t hold it, aaaaaaugh…! J-just gimme a sec, I’ll try to walk out…" Nova mumbled.

"Here, I gotcha!" Static pushed Nova from behind, causing him to stumble forward and crash into the grass. His arms left his groin, and hot pee gushed out. Nova quickly tried grasping himself again.

"Aaaahh, Aaah, I can’t stop it!" Nova’s normally orange face flushed red with embarrassment as he tried to stem the flow. "Aaaaugh, it won’t stop!"

"Wow, ok, you’ve totally lost at this point." Static watched the growing puddle next to Nova with awe. "Just enjoy it now I guess."

"…okay." Nova laid back in the grass as the puddle around him grew wider, soaking his already damp fur. "aah……well, at least I made it out of the cave….." He laughed, awkwardly.

