Magical Battle Arena Omorashi

Author: Ritsuka

*000*2011-08-28 01:38

So, I'm writing female omorashi (after many months of hiatus). I've been playing Magical Battle Arena Complete Form recently, and I've fallen in love with the two original characters in the game. (Ruru Gerrard and Nowel Diastasis

) The act as 'antagonists' in the story mode for Magical Battle Arena CF. Meh. On to the not-very-good fic. (Oh hey, this is my first fanfiction submission on the site. :D)

XxXxxxXxx Ruru's Desperate Battle

''Ruru!" Nowel said as she slammed the door open, rudely awakening the red-head from her sleep, ''You're late again."

''I'm sorry, Nowel..." Ruru mumbled sleepily rubbing her eyes, ''I'll be up--AAAHH!" Ruru let out a high pitched shriek as cold water doused her body.

''Be outside in five, or else," Nowel deadpanned. Ruru nodded, if looks could kill, she'd be dead a thousand times over. Nowel glared at her and left, slamming the door just as hard--if not harder--as when she entered.

''Five minutes, five minutes," Ruru repeated jumping out of bed and running around the room, frantically getting dressed. She looked at the clock, three minutes had passed, if she ran fast she'd make it outside in time.

I should go to the bathroom, I haven't gone since last night... Ruru thought, but one look at the clock told her there was no time for that. Hopping and pulling her shoes on, Ruru grabbed her drill and bolted out the door nearly running down Nowel in the process.

''Watch where you're going!" Nowel hissed, ''You're late again."

''B-But it's only been three minutes!" Ruru retorted. Nowel glared daggers through the red-head, ''I-I mean..I'm sorry."

''Let's go. We have training to do," Nowel said turning around and flying up into the sky leaving the city and entering the inter-spacial rend. Ruru followed quietly, not wanting to anger Nowel further.

As the Ruru entered the rend, she saw Nowel hovering about fifty feet from her. Though, even from that distance, the burning anger Nowel was emitting could be felt clear and strong. Ruru assumed a fighting stance and rushed at Nowel, who flew the other way. Ruru stopped and fired a few small drills at her opponent, silently cheering when she saw that at least one had connected with her target.

''Bitch!" Nowel hissed firing energy balls back. Ruru tried to dodge but the projectiles grazed her arm. Ruru was getting ready to rush Nowel when she noticed a twinge in her abdomen. She hadn't used the facilities since before bed the night before.

Nowel'll never let me go to the bathroom after I was late today...I'll just have to wait... Ruru decided and rushed at Nowel. But Nowel was faster, flying away at the speed of light. Ruru hissed slowing down. When she looked up Nowel had her staff pointed directly at her. Ruru squeaked and tried to fly away but a blast of blue energy hit her like a ton of bricks, Ruru fell through the sky letting out a gut wrenching scream. The energy blast had hurt like hell, and even knocked her temporarily unconscious. Nowel flew closer charging energy as Ruru shifted, coming to.

Ruru opened her eyes somewhat dazed. The feeling in her abdomen had increased ten-fold because of the blast. In her foggy vision, she could see the energy balls surrounding her superior. She quickly got up and dusted herself off, ignoring the nagging ache in her abdomen, and ascended quickly just as Nowel unleashed a fury of energy balls. Ruru climbed in altitude dodging most of the homing little energy balls. (Save the one that she accidentally ran into head first.)

Nowel started charging more energy as the small red-head flew toward her at a breakneck pace. But this time, Ruru reached Nowel just before she unleashed her energy, punching and kicking the bluenette as hard as she could. Nowel unleashed the energy and attempted to run, but Ruru was ready, she rushed forward slamming her spinning drill into Nowel.

Once! Twice! Thrice! Ruru thought excitedly. I may have a chance at winning!

Lost in thought about possibly defeating her superior and getting to relieve her now aching bladder, Ruru was unprepared for Nowel to strike from behind.

''Don't count your chickens before they hatch," Nowel growled striking the smaller girl with her staff. Nowel channeled her energy into her staff and slammed her staff into Ruru's stomach, throwing her across the rend.

Ruru groaned, her hands tightly squeezed between her thighs. She looked up to see Nowel raise her staff high above her head. Ruru's eyes widened, Nowel was officially pissed off beyond repair. Ruru rushed forward, tightly squeezing her kegal muscles, and began to punch and kick at the barrier around Nowel as the bluenette deadpanned the incantation. It was breakable! She had to stop her superior! The barrier seemed like it was about to give when a wave of pressure hit Ruru's bladder hard. She shrieked and stopped attacking the barrier to shove her hands between her legs.

''...Dimension Breaker!" Nowel shouted bringing her staff down, and with it twenty or thirty pillars of light.

Ruru let out a scream...and a small spurt of pee as one pillar slammed down onto her. Squeezing her legs together tighter, Ruru resisted the powerful attack. The pillars hit a low point in the riff and exploded, sending Ruru hurtling through space half-conscious.

''N-No..." She mumbled as another, longer spurt of pee leaked into her panties. She barely had enough strength left to squeeze her legs together, let alone hold herself. She groaned quietly as she felt a small stream run down her legs, soaking her socks and running into her mary-janes, ''No..." She whimpered loudly feeling her bladder give completely.

Nowel is probably gloating silently over her victory... Ruru thought, groaning, as her pee splashed down her legs with a loud hissing noise, drips falling from her panties off into space. She weakly touched the back of her skirt, soaked, like the rest of her. The stream slowed, and eventually tapered off.

''I'll get you for this, Nowel...mark my words..." Ruru breathed slipping into unconsciousness.

Nowel flew towards her subordinate, staff ready in case she'd lasted. As she drew nearer, she noticed the scent of urine. Had Ruru...wet herself? Putting on a mask of disgust, Nowel flew up to her unconscious friend. Suspicions confirmed, the small red-head's skirt, panties, and even her socks were soaked in her own pee.

''How embarrassing," Nowel growled, ''Having such an unsophisticated subordinate, wetting herself like a baby," Nowel sighed shaking her head. She slipped her hands underneath the hovering girl's back and held her princess-style.

Huh...Ruru is quite attractive when she's asleep... Nowel thought as she descended back toward the city.

XxxXxxXxx

So erm. I apologize for the suckiness of my writing. To make up for it, I spliced together two fights in M.B.A.C.F., in fact, that spliced fight was what I based the fight in the story off of. That fight can be found here

.

Oh, and if anyone wants to play me online in MBACF, I can share my downloads for it, and the 1.70+ Patch so you can play me. :3 Anyway, keep reading for an extra light yuri omake! ;)

XxXxxxXxx(omake)

Nowel landed lightly at the doorstep of where the two girls were staying when Ruru began squirming and groaning. Nowel was about to put her down when Ruru grabbed her shirt.

''I-I promised myself I'd get you back...for making me wet myself..." Ruru mumbled darkly. Nowel sighed.

''Go back to sleep, Ruru. You look so pretty asleep. Not so much when you want to murder someone."

''W-What?!" Ruru squeaked and jumped out of Nowel's arms to a wobbly landing. Nowel reached out and steadied her subordinate.

''You. Look. Prettier. When. You're. Relaxed. So...relax more," Nowel sighed and walked around the blushing red-head and toward the door. Standing in the door way, she turned to Ruru, ''Oh, and don't worry. I won't tell anyone. Just change and get some rest," Nowel deadpanned motioning to Ruru's lower half.

''Y-Y-Yes...ma'am," Ruru squeaked, Nowel stared at her for a second, unable to figure out where her face stopped and her hair began.

''R-Right!" Nowel exclaimed and stalked inside.

I knew Nowel had a soft side... Ruru thought as she walked in and closed the door behind her, I probably won't see much of it...maybe I should just get up on time tomorrow and she'll be happy.

XxXxxXxx

Hah. I'm a sucky writer. Please forgive me. x-x;

- Silvery

*003*2011-08-28 14:38

{{: 

Wasn't bad at all.

Also, love Magical Battle Arena! Though prefer Touhou Sky Arena these days, I played it a few times in the past :) Kirara is <3

}}

Nee-chan...I just flailed and squealed...My writing was praised by my hero @//@. If you still play you should totally play me on network. (if you have a version that can) Speaking of Kirara, the first time I ever beat story mode I was playing her. 8D

{{: 

Good story. And when someone praises a fanfic from something they've never heard of (that's what I'm doing,) then it must be good.

}}

Many thanks! ^^ It's not often that I have random people I've never talked to before praise my writing. Thank you again. ^^

