Daniel and Amy - Page 8

Autgor: Barry

*178*2016-04-29 11:34

{{I've been reading it as well, but I really don't post much. It is a really good story that has kept me coming back for a while, waiting for a new installment, and I've sat here refreshing the page a couple times in hopes of seeing an update.

In short, it has been a great story. If you are interested in some feedback, I'll mention that I've seen minor spelling and grammar errors throughout the saga. Proofreading can help you catch some of those problems if you don't do that already.

}}

First of all, thanks to everyone for their kind words. I'm still having a lot of fun writing it, but I never expected it to take so long. I honestly thought in the beginning that it was going to be roughly 20ish chapters, but it keeps growing. The amount of times I've started a chapter with a certain idea in mind, then ended up writing something different is huge.

I totally agree with you Xygna. There's too many typo errors. As I said at the start, I've typed the whole damn thing out on my iPhone, and autocorrect is my nemesis. The amount of to/too, in/on, their/they're, is very frustrating.

I actually do proofread each chapter a few times, but when I'm reading it on the small screen, I think I'm kind of visualising what I mean to write, and don't pick up on what's actually there sometimes. It bugs the hell out of me. I must've re-read that last chapter 4 times, and it wasn't the next day I realised Dan was putting his pants "in" instead of "on."

But it's no excuse. It's just untidy on my behalf.

I truly appreciate all feedback and suggestions. Thanks to all for responding.

There's a couple of chapters left in part 1, but I'm pretty sure there will be a continuation.

*181*2016-04-29 14:45

Chapter 71:

Sonia announced she was going to get changed into more comfortable clothes. The teenagers ended up sitting beside each other, knees touching of course, and started going through their phones. They showed each other various photos, memes, Facebook posts, and basically just random stuff they had downloaded and saved. The only time diapers were mentioned, was when Amy asked Dan what he had decided on wearing. He explained he had gone with the pull up, as he wanted to use the toilet with ease as much as possible before going to bed. In fact, he no sooner explained that, before he decided to go again, just in case.

Sonia returned, more comfortably dressed in sweat pants and a loose fitting shirt, barefoot and carrying a glass of wine. She sat with the kids and struck up a conversation about what they'd gotten up to in her absence. Of course the kids left out a lot of detail from what they relayed. It all sounded like a lot of harmless fun to Sonia, but she could tell by their body language that they had grown quite fond of each other in a short space of time. She thought it was really sort of sweet, and hoped she'd get the chance to tell Sue how cute their kids were together, without them overhearing.

It wasn't much longer until they heard a car pull up in the drive. Car doors opened and closed, then there was a knock on the door. Sonia answered it, and Sue and Steve walked in, both looking a touch bedraggled.

Dan didn't even consider trying to keep it cool. He had spent his first night sleeping away without any family members around, and the sight of his mother was a comforting thing. He jumped up and wrapped her in a big hug, not caring how silly he may have looked. Sonia gestured for them to sit at the table, and offered a choice of coffee, wine or beer. Steve and Sue looked at each other and laughed.

"You must be a mind reader my dear," Sue replied, "we've had a hell of a day, and we're just talking about how nice a glass of wine would be!" Steve was nodding in agreement. Glasses were produced, and the 5 of them sat around the table. The kids didn't take drinks, as they were both now focused on draining themselves more than topping up.

Dans mum and uncle started relaying the story of their past 24 hours. Jackie had encountered some problems both during and after the birth, and had lost a lot of blood. Thankfully all had ended well, and mother and twins were now out of the woods, medically speaking. This conversation was quite a long one, and took a while to relate in all its gory details.

While the grown ups talked, Dan and Amy didn't have a lot of input. They could have left, but Dan wanted to know how his aunt was faring, so apart from a few questions, they sat in silence and listened. After 20 minutes or so, Dan decided to go to the toilet again. He was feeling a slight need to pee again already, and didn't want to take any chances. He excused himself from the table, and left the room.

With the adults all talking at once, nobody seemed to notice that Amy hadn't been saying much, and was sitting silently with an expression of discomfort on her face. She had appeared to be about to get up before Dan did, but once he excused himself she remained quietly seated instead.

Dan finished in the toilet, washed his hands, and returned to the dining room. He took his seat beside Amy again, and bumped his leg against hers under the table in a gesture of companionship that the adults couldn't see. He noticed that she didn't respond at all, and took a glance in her direction. She appeared to be sitting very still, almost like a statue, and had a hand resting on her stomach.

He bumped her knee with his again, and asked her quietly, "You okay Ames?"

Amy pushed her chair back quickly. The sudden movement drew the attention of everybody at the table as she stood up suddenly, her hand still held in her gut. She winced violently, and in the sudden silence a horrible wet gurgling noise seemed to erupt from her.

"Mummy," she whimpered softly, and hurried out of the room in an almost comical looking waddling walk. The faintest trace of a bad smell lingered in the air as she left the room.

Sonia quickly jumped up as her daughter waddled away. "Oh shit," she muttered, "please excuse me for a moment. I think Amy needs me." She disappeared into the laundry for a moment, the hurried back through carrying a towel from the drier.

An awkward silence fell over the table. In the quiet, they could hear Sonia knocking and talking to Amy through what sounded like a closed door. After a moment, a door opened, and there was the distinct sound of female sobbing. The door closed again, and shortly afterwards the sound of the shower started. After a few minutes, the door opened and closed again, and Sonia soon returned to the table. Nobody wanted to speak about what had happened, so they waited for her to sit back down and take a sip of wine.

Sonia looked around at the 3 pairs of eyes that weren't quite making contact with hers. She let out a sigh.

"I'm sorry about that. It looks like Amy's tummy is still playing up." She smiled at Dan. "Don't judge her Dan, it looks like you two drank a lot of sugary stuff today. It's upset her stomach a bit. She needs to have a quick shower before she comes back. She really can't help it sometimes, she has little accidents if her tummy is playing up."

Dan spoke up. "Yeah, she told me about it. But I don't think anything bad about her because of it. It's really no different than what happens to both of us when we wet ourselves."

He suddenly froze with embarrassment. While he knew that the 3 adults sitting with him already knew about their problems, he'd never actually spoken about it in front of his uncle before. He felt himself blushing furiously, and dropped his eyes.

Steve saw how embarrassed his nephew was, and figured it was his presence that caused it. "Danny mate. Don't be so silly about it. We all know you've got some bladder problems, your mother told me all about the doctors visit. It'll be okay buddy. It's not the right time for it now, but I'll talk to you later, if you want to that is. But we all know you can't help it, just like Amy can't. So none of us think any worse of either of you guys, got it?"

Dan managed a weak smile. "Thanks unky Steve."

He returned his attention back to Sonia. "Is Amy alright? Is she very upset? Can I see her? I want to tell her it's okay and not to worry about it."

"I'm sure she's fine Dan. But she usually needs a little time to get herself together after an accident like that. Particularly now she's had two in two days. It really doesn't happen very often, but the ice cream she had yesterday, then the fizzy drink today has made her tummy play up a lot. Just give her a chance to calm down, and I'm sure she'll be fine. She's just really embarrassed at the moment."

Dan suddenly felt very out of place at the table. He knew that Steve was probably nonplussed about seeing a 14 year old poop in her pants. He knew his mother was aware of Amy's issues, but his uncle probably wasn't. He knew it wasn't his place to explain things, so he excused himself and went back to the lounge room to play with his phone, whilst Amy's mum explained the situation. He didn't want to sit through the explanation. He felt uncomfortable enough about it already.

After 20 minutes, he still hadn't seen or heard from Amy, and his mother told him to start getting his stuff ready, as they were leaving shortly. He went to the toilet again, and noticed that the bathroom was empty and Amy's bedroom door was now shut. Steeling himself, he knocked softly in the door. When he didn't get any response, he knocked again slightly louder, and called out in a loud whisper "Ames. Please let me in! Mums going soon, and I need to see you! Please, please let me come in?" He lowered his voice even more. "Please Ames, I love you...."

There was perhaps 10 seconds of silence before he heard her watery reply, "Come in if you want to."

He went in, and found her laying on her bed. She was now barefoot, and wearing green pyjamas with moons and stars featured all over them. She was laying on her bed, hugging her teddy bear, and was still openly crying. It looked like she'd been sucking her thumb before he came in. Dans heart almost broke when he saw how distressed she looked.

He almost ran across the room so he could sit on her bed. Without waiting for a reaction, he lay down beside her and wrapped her in his arms.

"Oh Danny" she whimpered, and the tears started flowing again. He hugged her tightly, and was relieved when she started hugging him back just as fiercely. She felt so fragile and delicate in his embrace. He realised how bad it would look if a grown up came in and saw them laying side by side in her bed and cuddling, but he frankly just didn't care at that point. His girlfriend was crying, and he wanted to cuddle her and make it better. She buried her face in his shoulder, and sobbed uncontrollably for a good minute before she got herself back under control again.

"Shhhh. Please don't cry Ames. It's okay. You had an accident, nothing more. It doesn't matter. I've been watching you have number one accidents all weekend, this was only a number two instead. Nothing's changed between us. I know you couldn't help it, and I still love you, alright? Mum wants to leave, but I can't leave you like this, please don't cry."

She shocked him by suddenly laughing just a little bit.

"Now that's irony Dan. While you're telling me not to cry for messing myself, I lose control and wet myself instead."

He was at first shocked, then they made eye contact, and both started laughing. At first softly, but then louder. "Shhhh! They'll hear us!" Amy whispered. This only gave Dan a giggle fit. Soon, they were both giggling away, but trying to be quiet. Eventually they started to get themselves under control again, until Dan whispered in her ear "So did I!" And they started again.

When they finally stopped, Amy said "Did you really Danny, or were you just joking?"

"No Amy. I was trying so hard not to laugh out loud, and I peed a bit. It wasn't much, but I squirted a bit though. I only just used the toilet before I came in, so it wasn't a lot, but my pull up does have a little wet patch in it now!"

They were still holding each other. They fell silent, then Dan leaned in closer. They kissed ever so lightly, then a bit harder. They looked at each other, then kissed passionately. There hands were busily exploring each other's backs and shoulders, and they ground their bodies together as their tongues and teeth explored each other's mouths. Their bodies were firmly pressed together, Amy's hand was starting to squeeze Dans diapered butt, and they both felt sensations that were new for them. As before, they both seemed to realise that they were in danger of crossing an unspecified line. While technically they knew what that line entailed, they didn't really know exactly just where it was, but they could tell by the way that both their bodies were starting to react, that they would find that line if they didn't stop immediately.

"Come on Amy. Let's go out there together. Everyone's worried about you."

He took her hand and led her out. As they approached the dining room, she let go of his hand briefly. Without stopping, he once again grabbed it, and they walked back to the grown ups holding hands. It just felt right.

*185*2016-05-07 23:21

Chapter 72:

When Dan had walked down the hallway to Amy's room, it hadn't gone unnoticed. Sue took the opportunity to speak to Sonia without the kids overhearing.

"So, how did those two get along? I hope Daniel behaved himself?"

Sonia grinned, "Oh Sue, they were fine! Danny was the perfect guest!" She lowered her voice a bit, "But I do detect a budding romance though! I wish you could have seen them. They're really cute together. I haven't seen my Amy laugh and giggle so much in years. Every time I saw them, they were laughing and playing silly games with each other, and you can tell that they like each other."

Keeping her voice low as well, Sue asked, "What about last night? Did Danny wet the bed? In fact, did he have any accidents at all? That's what's been worrying me the most. He can get really upset when he wets, especially with other children around. I've only recently been able to get him to wear a pull up during the day. He gets really paranoid about other people knowing he's wearing protection, but if he wets his pants, he gets upset about that as well. Then yesterday, before we came here, I bought him some proper adult nappies to try out. He promised me he'd wear them, and that's kind of when I found out that those two had been talking about their incontinence, because he knew by then that your daughter wears the same ones. He didn't seem as stressed at the thought of wearing one around her."

"Did you get him the Molicare ones? Pull ups or tape ons?"

"I bought both. Danny said he'd wear the tape on one to bed."

Sonia smiled. "They're brilliant. Amy has both, and they really cut down on the laundry. But as to your question, I know Amy had her sheets in the wash this morning, but I don't think she had to wash Dans. I didn't pay much attention to be honest. Wet pants and sheets are such a common occurrence around here that I don't even notice half the time."

She paused to top up their glasses before continuing. "That's one thing I asked Amy earlier, was did she have any accidents. I was really asking if she'd messed herself, but she quite brightly informed me that she had in fact wet her pants, but Danny was really "sweet and nice" about it, and it didn't matter at all because he had as well! I couldn't believe my daughter could wet her pants in front of someone else and be calm about it. But I think that's why they're getting on so well."

Sue was nodding. "Wow. Danny wet his pants and didn't freak out about it! That's a first. I suppose you're right. It must be nice for them to not have to worry so much about it."

"You're right again Sue. I bet you that they probably spent most of the time trying not to wet themselves, but when it happened, it just didn't seem like such a big deal. They've no doubt been talking in depth about their problems. It must be a huge relief for both of them to finally be able to talk to someone their own age."

She heard a door open, and footsteps approach. "Shhh. Here they come."

They glanced at the door as the kids walked in. They both looked especially young. Dans big pull up was sticking out the back of his shorts, and he hadn't put his shoes on yet, so his little ankle socks and baggy shorts somehow made him look younger than his age. Amy had obviously been crying, and her baggy pyjama pants were hanging low, and the waistband of her tape on nappy was clearly visible as well.

They really looked very young and innocent as they approached the table, still holding hands.

Amy cleared her throat. She addressed Sue and Steve, but struggled to make eye contact though.

"I'm really sorry for making a scene," she said, "I know it's not a nice thing to see, and I feel really really bad for doing that in front of you. Please don't think I'm just lazy or anything. I didn't mean to poo my pants in front of you."

Both Sue and Steve felt their hearts go out to her. She looked so upset and vulnerable, and sounded so much like a little girl that it was easy to forget that she was a teenager. They immediately assured her that she needn't apologise, and they hoped she was feeling better.

Sonia stood up and hugged her daughter, meaning she had to let go of Dans hand. After they hugged, she grabbed the waistband of Amy's pyjamas and hitched them up, concealing the diaper underneath. Sue also indicated to Dan to pull his pants up as well. He blushed a bit when he found out his nappy was visible.

"Put your shoes on Dan, and get your stuff organised. We're going shortly."

As the kids left the room, they seemed to automatically take hold of each other's hands once more as the walked down the hall. The grown ups all exchanged a look between themselves, and were smiling at each other.

Sue spoke first. "Wow. I guess you're right Son. They do seem to have hit it off. I can't believe how cute they look!"

Sonia and Steve both agreed, and from there the conversation turned to stories of their own first loves.

Daniel and Amy returned to her room. Once safely inside, Dan gave her a little peck on the cheek. "I told you it would be okay, didn't I?"

She smiled. "I know you did. But it's still sooo embarrassing though. I hate having messy accidents around people. I felt so nervous out there, I thought I would wet myself in front of them as well!"

"Do you need to go Ames?"

"I'm not busting Danny boy. But I could pee if I wanted to. But I'm not going to use the loo again tonight unless I need to poo again. Tonight is gonna be a big nappy night for me. I need to de-stress now."

Without speaking, Dan started rummaging around in his bag. He withdrew his hand, and wordlessly handed something to her.

His pacifier.

She grinned cheekily. Without speaking, she popped it in her mouth, spread her legs slightly, and started sucking on it. She took in a deep breath, closed her eyes, and exhaled. All at once she felt hot pee flowing from between her legs, pooling ever so briefly before getting absorbed into the thick padding. She was a bit surprised. There was more pee coming out than she had anticipated, but it was nothing that her diaper couldn't handle. She put her hands flat on the tops of her legs, and bent over slightly, feeling the premium diaper swelling up as it did its job. She continued sucking on the paci as she emptied her bladder.

Dan was once again transfixed by the sight, and for what seemed like the millionth time this weekend, his penis had gone rock hard. He had no doubt at all about what he was going to do later on, in the privacy of his own room. Now he'd learnt how to do it, he couldn't wait to try it again. He was sure that his own nappy now felt wetter than before.

Amy gave a shudder, then opened her eyes. She was smiling broadly around the pacifier. She ran a hand around between her legs and over her butt, then squeezed her legs together, revelling in the warm squishiness she felt there. She removed the paci, and wiped it on her sleeve before trying to hand it back.

Dan just smiled. "You keep it Ames. I don't think I need it anymore."

She looked at him quizzically.

"What I mean is, I think I'm finally starting to accept something. I AM in control."

They came together and kissed. It wasn't a big, passionate kiss, but a sweet, innocent one. They could hear Sue calling for Dan to hurry up, and they needed to be quick. He kissed her once on the mouth, then once on the tip of her nose.

"I've gotta go Ames. But remember. I really love you!"

"I love you too, Catholic boy" she replied.

She stashed the pacifier, and they walked back to their parents.

*187*2016-05-08 23:57

Chapter 73:

Dan didn't bother putting his shoes on, he slipped his socked feet into his flip flops instead, which made Amy giggle. "Oh geez Dan, that is so much not a good look!" He shrugged his indifference at her, and again they went back to the dining room.

Sue and Steve got up, thank-yous were exchanged, goodbyes were said, and Daniel, being the good mannered boy that he was, thanked Sonia for letting him stay over. Sue added her gratitude as well, and offered to return the favour at any stage, saying that Amy was welcome at their place at any stage if Sue wanted a babysitter.

"You know darling, I may just take you up on that. My gentleman friend has been asking me to have a weekend away at some point. If Amy's happy enough, maybe she could stay at your place one weekend?" She glanced at her daughter who was nodding excitedly, as was Dan.

"Amy's welcome anytime you want Son. Do it next week if you want. We'll catch up for coffee during the week and discuss it." She looked like she had a tear in her eye. "I am so glad we met you. It's been so long, and I'd missed you so much! I'm not losing you again! I'm going to set up a Facebook account for you, and you are going to bloody well learn to use it! What do you think Amy?"

Amy rolled her eyes. "Good luck with that. Mum just refuses to do Facebook, no matter how many times I've tried to sign her up!"

Sue smiled, "But I'm sure once she realises how much easier it makes it to spy on you kids, she'll be all for it!"

The adults laughed at the look of horror that passed between Amy and Dan.

"Well, since you put it like that...." Sonia smiled.

Eventually Steve, Sue, and Dan made it out the door. The kids agreed to text each other later, the adults planned a coffee morning, and with that, they were leaving. Dan put his bag and shoes in the boot of his uncles car, and again sat in the back.

"I know you've had a lot of junk food this weekend darling, but your mother really cannot be stuffed cooking tonight. How does a pizza sound? What about you brother dearest? If you stop for pizza, it's my shout. Come and eat with us."

Steve agreed to stop, but didn't want to stay for dinner. He was anxious to get back to his partner. They didn't often spend a lot of time away from each other.

They drove for 15 minutes until they were back in Sue and Dans neighbourhood, and Sue gave instructions on how to get to their favourite pizza shop. It was nestled in a group of shops that included various take away outlets, a liquor store, newsagents and others. Even though it was a Sunday evening, the place was very busy. Steve had to park a few rows back, and the takeaway stores were all doing a roaring trade.

Getting out of the car, Sue asked Dan if he wanted to go with her. Indicating his lack of footwear, Dan said he'd stay in the car. Steve decided he'd grab a bottle of wine to take home, and they left Dan in the car.

Alone at last, Dan sighed. He was a touch confused about his feelings. He missed Amy already. He toyed with the idea of texting her, but apart from telling her they were getting pizza, he had nothing else to say. But he was also relieved to be going home. The past two days had been a whirlwind of emotion for him. Not only had he fallen hopelessly in love for the first time, but he'd also battled with a lot of other things as well.

Concern for his aunt, an almost child like worry deep down that something would happen and his mother wouldn't come back, the stress of wearing big diapers around other people, worry about wetting his pants and bed, not to mention his feelings of helplessness at seeing his new girlfriend getting so upset for messing herself.

All of those stressful emotions balanced out with the positive ones. The relief of finally talking to another kid with the same problems, discovering that in some circumstances that wetting yourself could actually be fun, and not only fun, but a sexually charged type of fun as well. Yesterday he would never of guessed that wetting his pants and watching someone else wet theirs as well, could possibly turn him on so much.

His thoughts turned to how many times he and Amy had wet their pants or diapers in front of each other. The more he thought of her, the more he was aware that he was starting to get aroused again. The sight of her wet shorts, the memory of her sucking on the paci as she peed in her nappy, the thought of her pretty little feet and her socks, were all starting to make him go hard yet again.

He tried to turn his thoughts away. He was aware of a slight need to pee again. He knew he'd drank a huge amount today, but surely by now his bladder should be returning to normal. After all, it wasn't like he'd been holding on a lot. Quite the opposite in fact. He'd been peeing quite freely all day it seemed. But there was no doubt about it. He could feel the first stages of a pee building up in him. It certainly wasn't a problem yet, but he knew he could go if he tried.

"Pre-emptive strike!" The words, spoken in Amy's voice seemed to just get whispered in his ear.

A glance at the pizzeria showed his mum sitting down and waiting. His uncle was now seated beside her, a brown paper bag on the table in front of him. He had obviously purchased his wine then gone into the shop while Dan was daydreaming.

He made his mind up. He opened the door and got out, being careful where he put his socked feet. There was nobody around his immediate area, although there were lots of people around the shops only 30 meters away. Acting casual, he walked around to the back of the car. Once there, he leaned over the boot lid and rested his elbows on it. He held his phone in his hands, and pretended to be busy with it. He spread his legs wider, and relaxed.

The relief was immediate, but so was the nerves. He had learned the hard way what could happen if he peed flat out in a Goodnight, and even though he had a grown up nappy on, it still made him nervous to trust it like this. But he had no choice now, he was peeing.

As soon as he had spread his legs and bent forward, he'd felt a leak. Before he'd even really relaxed his bladder muscles properly in fact. He felt the initial squirt shoot out. Instinctively he clamped down on his bladder by force of habit, and had to concentrate on just relaxing and letting go. He looked around nervously. He felt a strong stream erupting inside his diaper, and he tried to slow it down a bit. He found that he could slow it, but he had no chance of actually stopping it. He felt the urine running down his crotch, tickling his balls as it flowed down.

The front of his diaper absorbed what it could, but the rest slowly ran down to be absorbed in the gusset area. He felt the thick padding swelling up so much between his legs, that he thought a leak must be imminent. He expected at any moment that he would feel the tell tale feeling of a hot trickle running down his legs. But once again his diaper did its job, and his legs and shorts stayed dry, even as his flow gradually subsided. As he pushed the last bit out, he farted, which took him by surprise.

He didn't see his mother watching him from inside the shop. She had seen him getting out of the car, and was wondering what he was doing. Once she saw him standing still, she realised what was happening. She nudged Steve, and drew his attention towards his nephew.

"Danny's wetting himself," she said.

Steve was watching. "Poor little bugger. I wish I could help him. It's gotta be so hard for a boy his age to deal with that. I mean, I thought I had it tough being gay, but what he's going through must be worse."

They watched as Danny ran a hand over his shorts and looked at them, obviously checking for leaks, then getting back into the car.

"Don't say anything to him Steve. Just let him deal with it. If he wants to talk about it, he will, but I doubt he wants us to know."

As Dan sat back down, he realised that for a change he didn't feel that stressed about being wet. In fact, doing the pre-emptive strike was just like Amy had said, it gave him back a feeling of control again.

"If I have to pee my pants, I better get used to doing it on my own terms," he said aloud to himself, "and if Ames can cope with it. So can I."

He took another deep breath, amazed at just how calm he felt.

"I will get through this, and I AM in control," he said forcefully.

His thoughts turned again to what his future with Amy held.

He was smiling.

END OF PART ONE.

Edit: this story will be continuing on this same thread.

*190*2016-05-10 01:20

PART 2

Chapter 1:

They arrived home shortly after. Dan dropped his bag and shoes in his room, and returned to the kitchen.

"Are you ready to eat mate, or do you want to have a quick shower first?"

"I'll eat first mum. I'm gonna have a shower later."

Sue was a bit surprised. She was 99% sure her son had wet himself earlier, which usually meant he would shower straight away, but she didn't want to ask. She knew that he was wearing a premium diaper and not a Goodnight, and she supposed it mustn't be as uncomfortable when it was wet. If he was comfortable in it, she wouldn't fuss. Not bothering with plates, she sat the 2 pizza boxes on the table, along with 2 glasses of milk,and they sat down to eat.

"So sweetie. It looks like you had fun. I'm guessing you and Amy got on alright?" She was expecting Dan to be a bit embarrassed and dodge the question.

He surprised her by smiling broadly, then trying to talk with his mouth full. She motioned for him to slow down and swallow.

"Amy's really cool mum! We had a lot of fun! We didn't really do a lot, just watched TV, played games and went swimming, but we talked a hell of a lot! She's amazing the way she deals with her problems."

Smiling cautiously, Sue asked "I don't want to pry, baby, but did you guys talk much about your problems? I mean, I'm guessing that you did of course, but was it nice talking to another teenager about it? And how did the grown up protection go? Are they comfortable? Did you have any accidents?"

"We talked a lot mum. Do you know Ames wears the big pull ups to school? Not kiddies ones like I do? She thinks I should do the same. I gotta admit that they are more comfortable. Well, not really comfortable I mean, but thicker. They just don't leak, well, not if I'm standing up."

He lowered his eyes a bit. "I did have a couple of accidents though. Last night I made one leak a bit cause I held on too long and wet myself sitting down, but if I'm standing they're fine. Amy does this thing she calls a pre-emptive strike. If she knows that she might not be able to get to the toilet, she chooses to use her nappy where it's safe, rather than hold on and risk a big leak."

He had stopped eating, and was blushing furiously, but seemed determined to continue. "Please don't think it's being lazy mum. It's not. But if she's starting to get desperate, she can't hold on, not even as much as I can, and I can't hold on long. So if it's safe, she'll do a wee standing up somewhere so she doesn't leak." He seemed to be struggling a bit, but pushed on regardless, "I tried it, and it works. I don't mean I want to run around just wetting myself, but if I choose to do it, I can control how quickly I pee, and these big pull ups won't leak. I experimented a few times. It feels weird to wet on purpose, but I really wanted to see how well they held up."

Sue wasn't entirely shocked by this. She had gotten Dan to experiment with using his Goodnights during the day, and even though he had resisted at first, she knew he'd done it more than a few times. She'd kept a secret count of how many he'd been going through during this practice phase, and knew he'd used a lot more than he'd let on. She actually thought it was common sense. If he was going to have to trust his protection at school, he had to know how much faith he could put in them. She was just a bit surprised that he'd experiment around Amy. But as she thought more about it, it kind of made sense. It sounded like Amy had been like a "diaper mentor" for Dan, and had given him the advice that Sue herself couldn't give. The bottom line was that if her son was happy and comfortable with his choice of protection, then it was fine with her. His next statement surprised her though.

"I might start wearing them to school mum. But Amy said they're a lot harder to hide. She actually told her class at school about them, so she doesn't have to try and hide it. I was wondering if I should do the same thing."

To say Sue was gobsmacked was an understatement. "But Danny, you've only just started a new school because of the bullying you were getting. Do you think it's wise to put yourself up for that sort of thing again?"

"I dunno mum. But I do know that it's hard to get away with wearing even the kids pull ups at school. When I wear the onesie it's okay, but on days when I have to change for sport and stuff, it's very hard. I've either got to not wear one, or try to put one on after. Plus, I haven't had to change my pull up at school yet, and I can't figure out how I could do it without anyone seeing me. Even if I don't leak, but get a wet pull up, I'd still have to somehow get a clean one from my bag and carry it to the toilet block. Then I'd have to sneak the wet one to the bin. It's only a matter of time before I have a big accident and leak everywhere, or even a little one that makes me need to change. As soon as that happens, the other kids are going to find out anyway. Maybe it would be better to tell them first," he smiled shyly, "just like a pre-emptive strike."

"But how would you go about it mate? Just stand up and tell them? You can't do that!"

"No mum. But I've been thinking about it. We found out that one of the guys at school who is kinda a friend of mine, well, it turns out he wets his bed. I'm starting to become mates with his group of friends, and they all know about it, and they don't make a big deal out of it. I thought I could like "come out" to Scott, he's the kid who wets, and tell him that he's not alone, that I do as well. If they can accept him, they might accept me too! I'd have to tell them that I'm actually incontinent, and wet more than just my bed."

Sue wasn't sure what to say. "I've got to be honest Daniel. I'm not convinced. What you're saying makes sense, but what if they don't accept it? It could put you back in the same situation you were in before. I hear what you're saying about hiding it, but it's a big risk. I don't think you should rush into it. Talk to your dad about it first. See what he thinks."

Dan nodded. "I will mum. Don't worry. I'm just thinking about it at the moment. I haven't fully made up my mind yet."

"And what about the tape on diaper? Did you wear one last night?"

"Yeah I did. It didn't leak at all, and I think I wet twice. It was hard to do the tapes up properly though. That'll take practice. Also, if I'm wearing one of those, I reckon it would make it awful hard to go to the toilet. If I did make it in time I mean."

"What does Amy do with hers then Danny?"

"Well, Amy wets every night anyway. After she puts a big nappy on, she doesn't try to take it off unless she needs to go number twos. Once it's on, it stays on."

Sue had to process that. She wasn't sure how comfortable she was with Dan just wetting his nappy on purpose, but she understood the difficulty he'd face trying to take it off in time. He normally didn't wet every night, and she worried he may just give up trying if he started doing the same thing.

"What about now? Are you wet?"

She was surprised by his forthright answer. "I am actually mum. But it's okay. These work really well at drawing it away. It still feels nearly dry. I won't have to change until I have a shower. But as good as they are, I don't think I'm ready to wear them to school yet. I'm gonna stick with the Goodnights for now at least."

After their dinner, Dan took his bag to his room and unpacked. He thought back on the conversation he had just had with his mother. He was usually a lot more reticent when it came to discussing his diapers or wetting, but he had decided that it was time he took more charge of the situation. If he really was in control like he kept telling himself, then he had to act like it. It was time to stop kidding himself and trying to wish his problems away.

He was starting to accept the fact that his incontinence wasn't going to just disappear, at least in the short term, and he needed to deal with it.

After all, if his girlfriend could accept not only her own issues, but his as well, it was time that he did the same.

*193*2016-05-10 05:39

{{3 hours ago, Xygna said:

Love that chapter. I am glad to see this as a multipart saga. Would you be fine if I went about putting this in a word document, and making minor edits so as to compile this all into one file? I'll post it on here after it is done. I just would like your okay before I do it.

}}

Thanks again to all those who are sticking with it.

MinervaFan in particular who has been encouraging me from the start, thanks again.

Xygna, feel free to do whatever you want with it. There's lots of room for editing and improving it, that's for sure. I feel humbled that someone would want to spend the time doing it. You have my blessing.

Edit note: I saw this developing in stages.

The first part saw Dan struggling a bit to cope with what was slowly happening to him. He was starting to despair at his situation, losing his friends, changing schools, feeling like he was struggling to gain his parents acceptance, even if he never lost it, and basically feeling the whole effects of puberty at the same time.

Then he meets Amy, and she shows him that his situation doesn't have to be all bad. He learns that while being incontinent certainly isn't great, he can see that under the right circumstances, around the right people, he can even perhaps enjoy certain aspects of it.

Part 2 will be how he deals with it. His blossoming love for Amy, and the realisation that his condition isn't going to be fixed quickly will mean he has to start looking at some things differently.

It was hard to know where exactly to cut part one off. I was going to do it after he went to bed on Sunday night, (tonight in the current story) but it just felt right to end it where I did.

It just felt like he was ready to start moving forward, albeit a chapter or two earlier than I had planned.

Xygna, if you wanted to stretch part one out to include the last chapter and the next one for the sake of the story, go ahead.

Once again, thanks for all the feedback everybody.

More to come!

*194*2016-05-10 13:17

Chapter 2:

Alone at last, Daniel reclined on his bed and stretched out, the plastic mattress protector crinkling softly underneath him. Again, he considered texting Amy, but decided not to. Instead, he logged onto Facebook and browsed there instead. He did have some homework he could have done, but it wasn't due till later in the week. He didn't have any messages to respond to, but he'd been tagged in a couple of posts. He spent some time browsing with his phone plugged in to recharge. His father was going to call at some stage, and Dan didn't know if he'd call his phone, or the house phone.

He had to work out what he was going to say to his dad. They hadn't spoken since his last call on Wednesday night, and no doubt he would want to talk about Dr Singhs diagnosis. He wanted to shower, but didn't want to miss his old mans call. Dan really missed his father while he was away, and was looking forward to when his current swing shift would finish, but that was still over a week away. They were planning on going fishing when he got back, and maybe camping as well.

Without thinking about it, he started reaching for the drawer that normally held his pacifier, suddenly remembering he didn't have it anymore. He had happily given it to Amy, but he wouldn't totally rule out buying another one.

The thought of Amy using his paci bought back memories. He smiled to himself, enjoying the thoughts that started running through his mind. He put his hand down inside his shorts, and gave himself a firm squeeze through his swollen nappy, enjoying the sensation.

He was definitely looking forward to having some alone time later. He wanted to be alone with his thoughts, with the time to experiment for a while.

He wondered if he could pee again, but decided that he must finally be drying out. He had wet his diaper over an hour ago, and he didn't feel like he was building up any faster than usual now. He was relieved by this. As much fun as their excessive fluid intake and the related pee play had been, it was a bit unnerving to be peeing constantly, and with little control. He'd genuinely enjoyed pretending to be little with Amy, even though their game of schools had hit a nerve, but being "Little Dan" had been fun. He thought that the next time they got a chance to play, he wanted to see what "Little Amy" would get up too. He imagined himself playing the teacher, and Amy being the naughty little girl who needed the potty. The stirring he felt in his pull up indicated that he'd enjoy it, he thought.

He was bought back to reality by the sound of the house phone ringing downstairs. He jumped up, and heard his mum talking to his dad as his feet started padding down the steps.

"Oh hi Pete! How are you? Yes, we're good, but we miss you of course!"

Pause, then "Uh huh. No, that's all sorted. No, don't worry. Yes, really. How's the job going? Oh, you're kidding! Really?"

The one side of the conversation he could hear went on like this for a while. Sue was smiling at him, and gesturing for him to not go away.

"Yes. He's fine! He's right here, waiting to talk to you as usual."

Pause

"I'll let Dan tell you about it. Hang on, I'll pass you over, but I want to talk to you again after he's finished! Ok, here's Danny!"

She passed Dan the phone. Dan felt that familiar surge of child like excitement that he always got when he spoke to his dad. The sound of his voice was a simple pleasure that Dan hadn't yet grown out of.

"Danny my mate! How the bloody hell are you?"

After the greetings and pleasantries were exchanged, the topic of Dans doctors appointment came up. Dan steeled himself, then started relating what he had found out. He told his father about the diagnosis, and they discussed what it meant. Dan surprised himself by being able to discuss it in an adult manner. He didn't break down, he didn't whinge or moan about it, he just discussed it calmly.

Talking about that was one thing, but he couldn't bring himself to mention that he was now wearing real diapers. His father knew he was wearing Goodnights to school, but Dan couldn't find a way to mention his new undergarments. No doubt his mother would anyway, and Dan was happy to let her do it.

Instead, he told Peter about Amy. Of course he left out a lot of relevant details about her incontinence, but again was confident that his mother would fill in the missing pieces for him.

When he told his dad that he'd spent the weekend at her place, his father made him blush by joking that his son must be a smooth operator, being able to meet a pretty girl then move into her house on the same day.

"So Danny, would you say she's your girlfriend then?" This was said in a lighthearted teasing tone. "You guys a couple or what? It's about time you got yourself a girl after all. I had to beat them away with a stick when I was your age you know!"

Dan laughed at the absurdity. "I'm not going to dignify that with an answer dad, but she is kinda special ya know? Like really nice, and very pretty too."

Peter picked up by Dans tone of voice that he shouldn't joke too much about it. He realised then that his teenage son had actually gotten himself a girlfriend, and he couldn't be happier for him. He wouldn't spoil it by making cheesy jokes.

Dan rattled on for a while longer, and Pete was glad that his son couldn't see his grin. He couldn't help but grin. It seemed that no matter what Dan said, the word "Amy" kept popping into his conversation. His boy actually sounded a bit love struck.

As they talked, Dan became aware of his need to pee starting to build again, but thankfully not as quickly or severely as it had been doing earlier. It wasn't urgent, just a normal feeling of slight build up, probably prompted by the big glass of milk he'd drank with his dinner.

Eventually they finished, and Dan said "I love you dad. I really miss you. See you soon. I'll put mum back on. Bye."

He handed the phone back to Sue, who had been sitting patiently at the table sipping a cup of tea. Once she took the phone, Dan quickly made himself scarce by going back upstairs to his room and closing the door.

Dan didn't want to listen to his mothers next part of the conversation. No doubt it would involve his new diapers, his aunt Jackie, Sonia, and how cute he and Amy were. All of it he'd either heard already, or didn't want to.

He decided it was time for a shower. While his mother was tied up on the phone, it would give him a chance to have some uninterrupted alone time to pee in his diaper one more time before he took it off.

He wasn't exactly sure why he wanted to do that, but he knew that he did.

He took his shorts, socks, and shirt off, and stood in front of his mirror in just his pull up. He noticed it was a bit discoloured in the front, and a bit swollen as well. Just to be safe he got a towel to stand on.

Dan stood there, feet on the towel, legs slightly spread. He relaxed his bladder, and........nothing happened.

He could hear his mothers muffled voice as she spoke in the phone, and was aware that his absolute guarantee of privacy was still valid, although limited. He spread his feet a bit further apart, but it was like he had stage fright. He couldn't believe it. He had spent a full afternoon just freely wetting his pants or nappy in front of his girlfriend. He'd peed in his pull up in a busy car park when he hadn't even been desperate to go. But now, safely alone in his room, with a genuine need to pee, wearing an already wet diaper, and he couldn't seem to let go.

He had no doubt that if he pushed, he could force himself to pee, but he didn't want to do that. He couldn't explain exactly why, but he wanted to just relax and freely drain himself without pushing. He wanted to experience the pleasure of just letting go and wetting himself, without it being a big deal, and he thought he might just know how to do it.

He put his thumb in his mouth, and started sucking on it.

Almost immediately he felt warmth flowing over his boyhood. He watched his reflection, seeing a young looking boy, wearing nothing but an already swollen diaper, that was now swelling and starting to sag as he watched, who had a thumb firmly ensconced in his mouth. The feeling of relief and freedom was intense and incredible. His entire groin area, including between his spread legs was now warm and wet, and the heat was building.

He put his left hand on his nappy and pushed on it. He could feel the warm squishiness as he squeezed softly. As he squeezed, a trickle ran out of the left legband, and ran down the inside of his leg and puddled around his left foot.

Now he was peeing, he couldn't stop. But in saying that, he never tried to stop either. He just went with it. Right thumb in his mouth, tongue working its way over it, the thumb and first 3 fingers of his left hand clamped on his swollen nappy, his little finger resting under the elastic legband, and now actually having the pee trail flowing over it, before finding its way down to his bare foot.

Even though his heart rate seemed to go up, he felt a lot better by the time he'd finished.

He'd leaked so much, the wetness had soaked through the towel, and left a little wet spot on the beige carpet. That was enough to snap him back to reality. He waddled into the bathroom, ran some cold water on a corner of the towel, then waddled back to quickly sponge the carpet. He patted it as dry as he could, and was pretty sure that it wouldn't leave a stain.

Soon he had the pull up bagged and binned, and was standing under the hot running water of his shower. His excitement was standing to attention in front of him. He started to soap his legs and feet up, but it was only a few seconds before he'd started paying closer attention to his private area.

Release didn't take long. He was a bit disappointed in the lack of duration. It seemed like he'd achieved his intended goal within 30 seconds.

Dan wasn't really surprised though. He'd been in various states of almost continual arousal since he'd first discovered the method of release only a day ago. He wondered how long it would take before he could do it again. He thought he might be trying it out again later.

He finished his bathing, managed to squeeze a final dribble of pee out, then turned off the shower and stepped out.

After drying, he decided to return to his normal habits. He would stay un-diapered until his bedtime. He slipped his grey pyjamas on, going commando underneath. Once again he marvelled at how relaxed he felt after reaching a climax.

Going downstairs, he spent a couple of hours with his mother, just watching TV. He didn't need to pee anymore, and enjoyed the free feeling of not being diapered, or even wearing underwear for a change.

As 10pm rolled around, he was yawning. It was his bedtime, as tomorrow was a school day. After he yawned again, Sue told him to brush his teeth and go to bed, so he kissed her goodnight, and went upstairs.

After using the toilet, washing his hands and brushing his teeth, he sent Amy a quick text.

"Goodnight Ames. Thanks for a great weekend. I love you. xxx"

Dan pulled out a tape on diaper, took off his pants, and put on a clean pair of socks. He opened the diaper up, and folded it up between his legs. But just like last night, he couldn't seem to get it done up correctly. It just drooped on one side, and was to tight on the other. If he adjusted it, it seemed wrong the other way.

He was getting quite frustrated with it, and eventually exclaimed "Shit!" in a louder than anticipated voice.

He nearly jumped through the ceiling when there was a sudden knock on his door.

"Danny! Are you okay mate? What's wrong sweetie?"

He'd been so wrapped up and absorbed with getting himself wrapped up in something absorbent, that he hadn't heard his mother coming up the stairs.

He walked to the door, and opened it up a crack, making sure he kept himself standing well behind it, so only his head was visible.

"Sorry mum. I'm just, uh, like trying to get one of these tape on things on, and I can't get it to like fit properly. It keeps getting loose and stuff."

"Oh Danny. Is that all? I thought you'd hurt yourself! Here. Let me help you."

"NO WAY MUM!" He almost shouted, then got himself under control again. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. It's just, I've got no pants on! You can't see me in just this! I mean, no way! That'd be like wrong or something!"

Sue had to laugh at his reaction.

"Danny, mate. I'm not offering to actually diaper you, just let me see it. I see you in your underwear all the time! Let me just have a look, you've probably got the tapes wrong or something. Come on. Don't be stupid. Let me check it, then we can go to bed. I'm worn out."

Dan sighed, knowing she was right. He opened the door with his left hand, and used his right hand to keep his pyjama top held down.

Adopting a no nonsense approach, Sue told him to lay down on his bed, and fearing her mood, Dan complied, but kept his shirt pulled down. As he lay there, his mother picked up the packet and read the instructions.

"Alright Danny. I'm going to undo these tapes. Hold it in place, alright?"

Dan couldn't speak. He just held his nappy firmly in place as she undid the tapes.

"Righto. I think you need to do these bottom ones up first, white onto blue, then these top ones. There! Easy as that. If you do them in the wrong order, they won't tighten up properly. Now, give me a kiss, I'm going to bed."

Blushing furiously, Dan stood up, still holding his shirt down as much as possible. "Thanks mum," he muttered.

Seeing his hands were occupied with his shirt, Sue couldn't resist. She reached around and patted his diapered backside.

"No problems sweetie. That's what mothers are for!"

She was laughing at the look of shock and horror on his face after she patted his butt. She was in fact nearly in hysterics as she left his room. But once the shock had left him, he couldn't help but laugh with her.

"NOT FAIR MUM!" He yelled after her as she walked away laughing.

He checked his phone. No reply from Amy. He guessed she was probably in bed already. Sighing softly, he climbed into his bed.

He considered the fact that his mum had just helped to diaper him. That hadn't happened since he had been about 6, and wore cloth diapers to bed. He'd definitely have to read the instructions again, so he could get them on without help.

Switching his light off, he had fully intended to continue his experiments with his own body, but he was asleep within 2 minutes.

Thinking about Amy.

*196*2016-05-13 12:08

Chapter 3:

Amy:

After Dans family had left, Amy started to head off to her room.

"Hang on a second sweet pea. I'm going to make a cuppa. Want a tea?" Sonia enquired.

Amy didn't really feel like one, but could tell that her mother wanted to talk, so she agreed.

With steaming hot cups of tea in front of them, mother and daughter sat across from each other at the table.

Sonia broke the ice. "How are you feeling now, princess? Tummy still playing up?"

Amy gave the weakest of smiles. "I think I'm okay now mum. Everything feels alright now. I'm not really sure what happened before. I started to feel just a little bit icky, and I was gonna go to the toilet, but Danny just suddenly got up and went. I thought I'd just wait until he came back, but I kinda couldn't."

"You do remember that you can always use my bathroom in an emergency, don't you honey?"

"Yeah, I know that mum. But it didn't seem like an emergency or anything, I was just gonna hold on for a moment, but like I said, I couldn't. Don't worry, next time I'll just go, emergency or not!"

They smiled at each other. They'd had many similar conversations before, and they both understood that there were no problems with each other, just a mutual desire to make sure it didn't happen again. Sonia changed the topic.

"So, are you taped up now, or still in a pull up?"

Amy dropped her eyes. "Yeah mum. I put a tape on one on. I'm not stressing any more tonight. I'll change before bed though."

Understanding what Amy was alluding to, Sonia nodded her head. "That's okay sweetie, so long as you're feeling better. Don't worry about using the loo unless you've got to. If you get wet, you can just change later, okay?"

Amy smiled bashfully. Her mother had, as usual, basically given her permission to just relax, and use her nappy to pee in.

"Thanks mummy," she replied in a quiet voice.

"Sooo, what's the full story with you and Danny? It seems like you guys have clicked with each other."

Amy reddened a little, but her smile got wider at the same time. Sonia couldn't really tell if her daughter was blushing, or glowing with excitement.

"Yeah, I guess we did click a bit. I dunno. It's just nice to meet another kid I can sorta relate to I guess. I mean, it's not just that Danny has the same kinda problems as me, but also he really seems to understand other stuff. Like he doesn't poo his pants like I do sometimes, but he was so nice to me when I did. He wasn't like disgusted or anything. He was just worried about how upset I was. And my nappy leaked a bit last night, and my sheet got wet, and he wasn't freaked out or uncomfortable about it. He just helped me change the bed. And yesterday, when we went to the park, I didn't even know him properly then, and I got a bit kinda sad when we were talking, and he was just so nice and concerned about me. He comforted me!"

She gave her mum a wicked grin. "He's also pretty hot as well, isn't he?"

Sonia had to laugh. "He's certainly not ugly I suppose! But I think he's a bit young for me to say he's hot," and they both shared a laugh.

Sonia continued delicately. "But you guys wouldn't do anything too naughty would you? I trust you princess, but as nice as Danny seems, we've only known him for a couple of days. I wouldn't want you to get yourself into a position where you were going to be doing anything that you shouldn't be doing." She kind of expected her daughter to fire up and perhaps even get upset at her concern. But her daughters response surprised her

"Don't worry mum. Danny's not the sort of boy who'd ever try to make me do anything bad. He's actually kind of shy. He gets embarrassed all the time. It's really kind of cute. His diaper leaked last night, and I thought he was going to catch on fire, he was so red! He kept his shirt on in the pool, and he thinks he's chubby," she gave another grin, "but I think he's just quite cuddly!" She hastened to add "But that doesn't mean I cuddled him or anything!"

This conversation seemed to put her mothers mind at ease, and after they finished their tea, Amy excused herself and went to her room. Her phone was nearly flat, so she plugged in her charger. She had an English essay to start, so she fired up her laptop and settled back on her bed, leaning her back against the wall, drawing her knees up, and balancing the computer on her lap.

She was about half an hour in, when she suddenly felt a little warmer between her legs. The position she had been sitting in had meant that she had been unaware of her pee building up. She hadn't felt it at all, until she leaked.

Amy gently placed the laptop beside her on the bed, then reached into her bedside drawer, and retrieved the blue pacifier. She bought it up to her eye level and studied it. The dummy looked worn, but not worn out. It didn't look like Danny had bitten or chewed it at all, just sucked on it for comfort. She closed her eyes, and her mind bought up the mental image of her boyfriend sucking on it while he wet his nappy. He had looked so sweet!

Suddenly, she felt her bladder twitch a bit. Not wasting any time, she put the dummy in her mouth, and keeping her feet flat on the bed, she opened her legs as she started sucking on it. Her bladder released immediately. Hot wetness flooded out of her in a big torrent, running over her private area, and finding its way between her butt cheeks, before being absorbed in the back of her thick nappy. She sighed in contentment. It was nice to just relax and do a wee whenever she wanted to. Knowing she was back at school tomorrow, meant that she'd have to start being more circumspect about it. Maybe doing the occasional pre-emptive strike if necessary, but not just gambling on leaking like she just had.

After the final trickle died out, she ran her hands under her backside and over her pyjamas, but she was still dry, at least on the outside.

She let out a yawn, feeling quite tired all of a sudden. She was struggling with her homework, as English wasn't her best subject. A thought crossed her mind. Danny was very good at English apparently. Plus, being a year ahead of her at school meant that he would have already done the sort of stuff she was struggling with. It might be a great excuse to see him one night during the week! He might come over and help her with her homework! She would ask him tomorrow.

Looking at her bedside clock, she noticed it wasn't even nine o'clock yet, but she yawned again. "Screw it" she thought, "I'm going to have an early night."

Even though she had showered only a couple of hours ago, after her messy accident, she liked to shower after wearing a wet nappy. She turned off her laptop, and stood up. As soon as she was upright, she felt her heavy diaper sagging down at the back. It was a wonder it hadn't leaked really. She was glad that she was wearing a tape on one.

She went into the bathroom, where she undressed and removed her nappy, marvelling at the weight of it. She knew that she'd just done a huge pee in it, but by the feel of it, she thought that she must of leaked a few times earlier. That's what depressed her, when she wet herself without knowing. It was fun to wet herself on purpose sometimes, to get the feeling of being in control that Danny seemed so stressed about, but when she leaked within knowing, it was kind of depressing.

Sighing, she slipped a shower cap over her hair to keep it dry, then had a quick shower, paying the most attention to washing her private areas, front and back, after she squeezed the last drops of pee out of course.

After drying herself off, she slipped her pyjamas on, brushed her teeth, and went to say goodnight to her mother, giving her a kiss and cuddle, and thanking her for helping her out after her accident.

Amy didn't hang around there for too long though. She enjoyed the times she spent when she wasn't wearing a diaper, like she had that afternoon, but if she wet herself outside it wasn't a big deal, not like it would be if she peed, or even worse, pooped, on the carpet.

Back in her room, she shut her door, removed her pants, and applied a generous amount of nappy rash cream both front and back.

As she was rubbing it in on her groin area, she found herself thinking of Danny. He really was hot she thought. And when he had wet his nappy in front of her behind the pool last night! That was probably one of the hottest, cutest things she had ever seen. She found her fingers pressing against her sex more firmly, and moving quicker. She sort of shuddered.

Knowing what she wanted, even needed to do, she put her new night nappy on, immediately feeling more secure once it was between her legs. She only did the bottom leg tapes up though, then slipped into bed with the top tapes still undone, then turning off her bedside light, plunging her room into darkness.

Feeling safe and secure with her privacy at last, she lay back and closed her eyes, but not before slipped her right hand inside her half undone diaper, and slipped the dummy in her mouth as well.

Her hand started tracing small circles down there, and she let her thoughts drift towards her boyfriend. She saw the look of terror on his face, as his dummy had flown out of his bag, and he'd wet himself on the couch, causing a leak. Then, they were behind the pool, and she had watched him wet, then they had kissed proper for the first time, she moaned a bit, remembering her first grown up kiss.

Their playtime in the yard came next, when he'd wet his cute little shorts in a panic when she'd tricked him into thinking his mum had arrived while they were smoking.

But when she started thinking of "little Dan", first the naughty little schoolboy, then the young boy who decided to pee his pants on purpose, her fingers started moving even quicker, feeling a wetness that definitely wasn't pee.

She felt her body start to tremble. A tingling feeling started everywhere, in her groin, her tummy, her feet, her chest. It got more and more intense, until her body convulsed, her hips rising off the bed, trying to meet her hand even more firmly. She groaned loudly around her pacifier.

All too soon, she was spent. She turned her light back on just long enough to tape her nappy on properly, and check her phone. She felt a mild disappointment that she hadn't heard from Dan, but he was probably like her, just trying to process stuff that he wasn't used to. She considered sending him a message, but an extremely heavy sort of tiredness had now enveloped her.

Amy turned her phone off, then her light, and put her dummy away. She lay back, cuddling her best friend, Teddy.

As she drifted off to sleep, she was smiling, thinking about Dan.

*198*2016-05-14 03:49

Chapter 4:

At 2:25am, Dan woke up, absolutely bursting for a pee. Still more asleep than awake, he threw the covers back and climbed out of bed. He clamped a hand into his crotch, and bent over, squeezing his knees together briefly until he had gotten himself under control. He took the few necessary steps across the room to enter his bathroom, with the feeling in the back of his sleep deprived mind that something was different.

He could tell he needed to go badly, that his bladder was very full, fuller than it usually was while he slept. He normally would have wet in his sleep long before now. Knowing too well that his Goodnight would fail miserably and leak everywhere if he wet himself, he waddled into the bathroom while trying to clamp down tightly on his penis with his hand. The problem was, he couldn't seem to grip it properly, his pyjamas or pull up seemed thicker than usual.

As he switched the light on, he felt the first squirt shoot out. Not bothering with the toilet, knowing that he was going to be peeing uncontrollably within seconds, he slid the shower door open instead with his left hand, while trying to maintain pressure on his boyhood with his right. Door open, he reefed his grey pyjama pants down, and grabbed at the waistband of his Goodnight.

Thats when his sleepy brain clicked onto what was different. He wasn't wearing a Goodnight, he had a big, grownup Molicare on instead.

The teenage boy crossed his socked ankles over each other, and bent at the waist as he started fumbling for the tapes. He managed to get the one on his left hip undone, but that was all. He felt his penis, which was not quite hard, but nearly so and pointing upwards towards the waistband, give a big wet twitch, and then the dam burst.

He quicly stepped out of his pants, and into the shower. His socks found a few wet spots from his earlier shower, but he couldn't do anything about that. He only had enough time to spread his legs, lift his shirt up, and incline his head downwards to stare at his rapidly filling diaper. It seemed to swell as he watched it, and he could only exhale in defeat as he saw a darker tinge appear on the front, and he waited for the inevitable trickles on his legs which would end up soaking his socks.

He stood in silence for what seemed like a long time, peeing as hard as he ever had, his big nappy getting bigger. The heat was spreading from under the elastic waistband to encompass the entire front area of the diaper, and he felt warmth flowing downwards over his member, through the small, sparse patch of hair that he was quite proud of, then running over his scrotum into the gusset. It tickled a bit as it flowed over him, making him shudder. He felt the flow tapering off, then he spasmed a couple of times, and it was over.

He'd completely wet himself. Again.

He sighed in frustration, but felt a touch of amazement. He hadn't leaked so much as a drop. His legs were completely dry, and apart from a couple of small spots from the shower base, so were his socks.

Feeling more awake now, he stepped out of the shower feeling a bit undecided. He usually always changed as soon as possible after a wetting, because it was always necessary. Even if he didn't have a shower, he would use a wash cloth and completely wipe himself clean before drying off and changing his protection. But he had seen the price tag on these diapers, and he knew they weren't cheap. If he had of been wearing a Goodnight, there wouldn't have been an argument. He probably would have needed a full shower, but all the wetness had been contained brilliantly. It was also half past two, he was tired, and felt a bit guilty about the money his mother had spent on these premium diapers. He decided to leave it on until morning instead.

He pulled his pants back on, and went back to bed. As he lay there, he examined exactly how he felt. If he was to be completely honest with himself, he wasn't uncomfortable. He actually felt very warm and cosy. It felt like he had a warm and squishy cloud encompassing his middle section, and as he wriggled his butt around, the hot softness moulded itself around him, enveloping him in a feeling of warmth and safety. It was so much nicer than wearing a wet kiddie pull up.

Yes, there was a slight feeling of guilt or shame, but he was used to that. The psychological feelings of humiliation would always be there he supposed, but in the big diaper, they were almost completely offset by the physical feelings of warmth, comfort and security.

He was also a touch aroused as well.

This surprised him. Before meeting Amy, arousal had never been an emotion he'd attached to wetting himself. Quite the opposite in fact. He always hated it. But now, after his weekend with her, he was starting to experience it in a new light. He knew how much he had enjoyed watching her either wet herself, or knowing that she was wet, and if he was to be truthful, he had enjoyed playing wetting games in front of her.

He wondered if it was possible to both like and hate something at the same time. He would give anything to put an end to his incontinence, but a little voice in the back of his mind kept saying "But even if you weren't incontinent, it's still nice to wet your pants sometimes, isn't it...."

It was too late to think about it anymore, so he rolled onto his stomach, enjoying the way he was now squished into the wettest part of the diaper, and he was soon asleep.

It didn't seem like a long time went by before his alarm went off. He stretched his legs out, curling his toes for maximum effect. His diaper had cooled off a bit, but still it wasn't cold, just at body temperature and still nice and mushy.

He got out of bed again, and pulled the blanket back. His sheet was still dry. He stood in front off his mirror, and examined himself front and back, and found nothing incriminating. But when he put his hand between his legs, he felt a wet spot. He sat on the bottom end of his bed, in front of his full length mirror, and spread his legs wide. There were two small wet patches on his grey pyjamas, on the upper inside of each leg, pretty much on par where the elastic leg bands where. He had either squeezed a bit out of his nappy while laying on it, or had maybe even peed again in his sleep, he wasn't sure. It was a possibility, as he didn't feel a need to go again yet, but of course he had no way of knowing.

Hearing footsteps on the stairs, he quickly stood up, and put his dressing gown on. Even though you couldn't see the wetness on his pants while he was standing, there was no need to take a chance.

There was a loud knocking on his door. "Danny! Time to get up mate. I'm making scrambled eggs. Get your butt downstairs!"

"Coming mum. I'm awake."

He knew he'd have to shower, but decided it could wait. He quickly washed his hands, then padded downstairs for breakfast.

The table was set, and Sue was dishing up breakfast.

"Sleep well Danny?"

"Yeah mum. It was good to be back in my own bed again!"

"How was your night? Do you need a shower this morning? Do I need to do your bed later?"

He flinched a bit at this. They had been having versions of this same conversation every morning for as long as he could remember, and he still felt uncomfortable with it. But he knew it was necessary though. If he was wet, he'd need to shower before they left, and if his sheets needed washing, he'd need to strip his bed down. These things took time when you're on a schedule.

"Beds okay mum, but, ummm, I'm wet. I'm gonna need a quick shower."

"Danny, I know how your going to react, so don't yell, but do you mind if I look at your diaper? I won't touch it or anything, but I want to see what it likes like when it's wet."

Dan nearly spat his juice out.

Sue spoke quickly, before he could interrupt. "Let me explain what I mean. I want to see how secure they are, and how well they're working. These are a lot more expensive than your normal pull ups mate. A lot more. Sonia buys Amy's online, and saves a lot buying them in bulk. If you're going to wear them, I want to do the same, but after seeing you struggle with it last night, I want to make sure the size is right. I bought the smallest size at the shop, but there could be other options. But it's pointless buying some that fit tight when they're dry, but are too small to hold anything," she paused for a mouthful off eggs, "besides, I see you in your Goodnights all the time. These actually cover more than they do."

Whilst he didn't like the idea, he saw the logic of it. The cost of one bag from the chemist shop had been substantial. While his family wasn't exactly poor, they didn't waste money either. He knew that he wanted to keep wearing them, particularly after last nights huge wetting had been contained in one, and if it made it cheaper for his parents, then it was the least he could do.

So when breakfast was over, he hung his gown over the chair, and dropped his pants to his ankles, holding his shirt up. His mother didn't approach him, just asked him to hitch the sodden diaper up a bit, which he did.

Sue pointed to his pyjama pants, which were pooled around his socked feet.

"Looks like you leaked a little bit Danny, it does look very wet. It looks like they do do a good job though.Turn around."

He complied sheepishly. In the embarrassment of dropping his pants, he'd forgotten that they were a bit wet. He shuffled round a hundred and eighty degrees.

"Thanks Danny. They look fine. I'm going to order these by the case. I'll do it today. You're sure your beds dry?" He nodded. "Good. Go and have a shower, and make sure you wash properly. Put some talc on!"

Blushing furiously, he almost ran up the stairs. Even though his mother had seen him in his Goodnights countless times, and had even helped to tape him up last night, it wasn't an easy thing for an adolescent boy to show his mother how wet his nappy was.

Safely inside his room, he stripped off his socks and pyjamas. He was about to have a shower, when he saw his phone on his desk, now fully charged.

He hit the button and saw two messages, both from Amy. The first one read:

"Hi Catholic boy! Had early night, missed you&#39;re txt sry. Luv u 2! xxx"

The second message had a picture attached. The message simply said:

"From your Catholic schoolgirl!"

Below it was a picture, taken on Amy's phone, of herself standing in front of her full length mirror. It showed her wearing her full school uniform, except for her shoes.

She was wearing knee high white socks, a grey pleated skirt, a white shirt, and a loosely knotted red tie.

Her left hand was holding her skirt up, revealing the thick pull up she wore underneath, and she was sucking on the pacifier with a big grin.

His phone beeped again.

This message said. "Make sure you delete that photo!"

Dan went into his bathroom, bagged his wet nappy, and then opened the photo again.

He did delete it, but before he did, he spent a very pleasurable 90 seconds looking at it, before he stepped into the shower, heart racing and a bit flushed.

After he'd finished, he got dressed for school, starting off with a Goodnight, and his white cotton snap crotch onesie. That looked like a regular t shirt under his uniform, and helped keep his pull up in place.

He then took a photo of himself wearing that, his Goodnight sticking out the crotch a bit.

He sent it too her saying "Please delete this picture of little Dan getting ready for school. Luv u."

He finished dressing, and prepared to leave.

