Having Cousins to Stay - Chapter 1

Author: Guest KTV

*000*2011-12-13 22:01

Hi all - I've posted this story elsewhere, but I thought I'd post it here too.

Constructive criticism or any opinions are very welcome! This is pretty much my first fiction story.

If people like this, I'll publish more chapters.

###

Having Cousins to stay

Chapter 1

One Friday afternoon, Izzy was getting increasingly excited, because she knew that her cousins would be arriving that evening and staying for a whole 3 weeks. Izzy didn't really like her cousin Max, who at 14 was three years older than her, but she loved getting to see her cousin Ellen. Izzy was so excited that she didn't even mind when her sister Anna spent all afternoon pestering her to play a card game. Anna was excited too: Anna was only 9, whereas Izzy was 11 and Ellen was 12, but she still liked it when Ellen came to stay.

Eventually it was time to go to the airport to meet Ellen and Max, so the girls' mum bundled them into the car.

"Anna, have you gone to the toilet? I don't want any problems in the car."

Anna blushed, embarrassed that her mum felt the need to make a point of checking if she'd peed; she hoped she wouldn't do that in front of her cousins. As they began the long drive to the airport, Izzy drifted off into daydreams, thinking about all the things they were going to do in the coming weeks. She hoped that Max wouldn't spoil their fun - he could be pretty mean sometimes, but hopefully he'd grown out of it in the year since they'd last seen their cousins.

The traffic was not too bad on the way to the airport, so the journey took only a little over an hour. They left the car and went to wait at the arrivals gate where their cousins would be emerging shortly. The wait was a little longer than they'd been expecting because the flight was slightly delayed, but before too long Izzy heard a shout:

"Izzy! Anna!" Ellen was running towards them, dragging her suitcase behind her. Her brother Max was following a few steps behind. "Hi, auntie Mary!"

Izzy's mum gave her niece a big hug. "How are you? How was the flight?"

"It was okay. We had to wait around for a while before we could get off the plane, but it was okay."

"Good, I'm glad it wasn't too bad. Hi Max! How are you?"

Izzy and Anna immediately started chatting to Ellen whilst their mum asked Max about the journey.

“Okay, does anybody need the toilet before we get in the car? We should probably be making our way back home.”

“No thanks, Auntie Mary. We went on the plane just before we landed.” Max answered for himself and his sister.

“Okay, great. Anna, perhaps you should come with me whilst I go. Izzy, if you don’t need to then you can start showing Ellen and Max where the car is parked.”

Anna blushed brightly at her mum taking her to the toilet like a little kid, but she did as she was told without making a fuss. Izzy and her cousins started to walk towards the car. Izzy was expecting that Ellen would be desperate to catch up on all her gossip and that they would spend the whole journey home chatting, but as they walked to the car she noticed that she was hanging back, whispering to her brother:

“Why did you tell her that I didn’t need to go? You know that I was holding it the whole time we were waiting to get off the plane!”

Izzy suddenly noticed that her cousin was walking slightly weirdly. After each few steps, she would stop for a moment and press her legs together. By the time they got to the car, Ellen had stopped whispering to Max, but the three of them stood in awkward silence as they waited for Izzy’s mum to get there. Izzy noticed that Ellen was tapping her feet a lot, and that every now and then she was pressing her hand up against her crotch. She looked nervous. It seemed to Izzy like Ellen had to pee, and she wondered if she should tell her mum, or if she should tell Ellen where the toilets were. But she was always very aware that she was a year younger than her cousin, and so she decided not to say anything, in case mentioning the toilet made her seem like a little kid. Soon Izzy’s mum arrived, along with Anna, and they all got into the car.

In the car on the way home, Max was sitting in the front, and so Izzy and Ellen were next to each other in the back. To Izzy’s relief, the awkward silence seemed to be over and they chatted happily about all the things that they had been up to in the past year. But although the atmosphere was now more friendly, Izzy could see that Ellen still seemed to be uncomfortable: she was squirming a lot, and was sitting with her thighs pressed tightly together; every now and then, her hand would linger on her lap, burying itself between her legs. Of course Izzy had seen other young girls desperate to pee before - including Anna lots of times - and in fact she’d seen Ellen urgently needing to pee once or twice too. But still, Izzy was surprised to see this girl whom she idolised as so grown-up and mature, squirming in her seat and apparently desperate to pee.

After they’d been travelling for about twenty minutes, the car slowed to a crawl as they entered heavy traffic. Ellen looked more and more nervous.

“Izzy”, she whispered, “how much longer is it until your house?”

“Um, probably more than an hour still.”

Ellen didn’t look pleased at that news. By this point, she had her hand in her lap constantly, pressing down to hold herself firmly through her skirt, and she was sitting forward on the edge of her seat. Although she had been trying to be subtle about it before, she now seemed to be worried only about keeping control of her bladder.

“Auntie Mary?”

“Yes, darling.”

“Um, I was sort of wondering if there’s any way I could go to the toilet?”

Izzy’s mum looked around at Ellen crossly. “Why didn’t you go in the airport?” Max glanced at Ellen, but their aunt didn’t notice. “I asked if anybody had to pee.”

“I’m really sorry”, Ellen replied quietly. “I didn’t realise how badly I needed to go then.”

“Well if there’s a chance to stop then I’ll let you. But you may have to hold it until we get home. I really shouldn’t be having to make stops for a girl of your age to go pee.”

Izzy felt sorry for her cousin, but she wasn’t surprised. Her mum was always pretty strict about going to the toilet when you got the chance, and not having to make extra stops in the car. She and Anna had both got in trouble with that rule in the past.

The car continued to crawl forwards in the traffic, and Izzy watched in amazement as her cousin got clearly more and more bursting to pee. For Izzy, at 11 years old, it was an embarrassing secret if she still ever got so desperate to pee that she couldn't hide it. And yet now her 12 year old cousin was clearly totally bursting, and in front of an adult as well!

Izzy couldn't help feeling sorry for Ellen as she went very pale and started to chew her lip nervously. She was squirming non-stop in her seat now, and had both her hands grabbing herself tightly through her skirt. And then, clearly unable to hold it like she was anymore, she suddenly pushed up her skirt to reveal her pink panties and grabbed her cunny. Izzy was stunned that her cousin was exposing herself like this in the car, and realised that she really was on the verge of wetting herself. It was at that moment that Ellen spoke again, in a panicked voice:

"Um, Auntie Mary, please can we stop? I don't think I can hold it much longer!"

Izzy's mum looked over her shoulder, and saw her young niece desperately pressing her hands into the crotch of her panties. "Ellen, what are you doing?! That's not acceptable behaviour! Stop touching yourself like that!"

Ellen was almost in tears. "I'm sorry, I can't, I really need to pee!"

Recognising the note of desperation in Ellen's voice, Izzy's mum softened her attitude and tried to think of a place to stop. "Well do whatever you need to hold it, but it will be at least 15 minutes before there's a place where I can pull over. You had better not dirty my car, young lady!"

By the look on her face, Izzy didn't think that her cousin was going to be able to hold it for 15 minutes. She still couldn't believe that this was happening. Surely Ellen wouldn't actually wet herself? Sure, Anna still had the occasional accident. But she was only 9 - and she got in so much trouble when she even came close to wetting her panties. And okay, Izzy herself had...well, she didn't like to think about that. But surely Ellen wouldn't wet herself?

Suddenly it occurred to Izzy that if Ellen did have an accident, she might just have to fly straight home. She had been looking forward to her cousin coming to stay for so long, she couldn't bear it if she didn't stay now. Izzy noticed that Max was looking round the whole time, watching his sister's discomfort and smirking. He's still pretty mean then, she thought to herself.

A few more minutes went by, and Ellen was no longer looking so pale. She was blushing bright red as she squirmed desperately in her seat. Izzy noticed Ellen now had one of her hands holding herself inside her panties, and she was pretty sure she could see a small dark spot on the crotch of the pink material. Suddenly Ellen gasped, and that small wet spot grew rapidly. She put her second hand inside her panties in a desperate last attempt to hold back the flood, but there was nothing more she could do as the pee poured out from between her legs.

"Oh no...oh no, I'm so sorry Auntie Mary!" Ellen began to cry as the flood of pee soaked her panties and started to run down her legs. Pee started to drip down into the footwell and a puddle formed around her on the seat of the car. She stared in shame as her aunt looked round to see the mess that was forming in her car.

"Oh Ellen. I'm so disappointed in you. You're far too old to be embarrassing yourself like this. You can be sure that I'll be calling your parents as soon as we're home. What have you got to say for yourself?"

Ellen couldn't bring herself to look up. "I'm sorry Auntie Mary, I just couldn't hold it any longer!"

"Well then I can see I'm going to have to remember to make sure you've been to the toilet before we get in the car for the next 3 weeks! If you're going to act like such a little kid, I'll have to treat you like one!"

"Yes Auntie..." Ellen mumbled, almost inaudibly.

With a sigh, Izzy's mum went quiet and carried on driving, leaving Ellen to sit silently in her puddle for the last half hour of the journey. Izzy felt so sorry for her cousin, and wanted to say something, but she had no idea what to say. She noticed that Max was still smirking at what had happened to his sister. Anna was probably quite pleased too, Izzy thought, hearing that her cousin (who was three years older than her) was going to be getting the same embarrassing reminders to go pee that she always got from her mum.

Almost nothing was said for the rest of the journey until they arrived home. Izzy's mum parked the car and got out.

"Wait here Ellen - I'm going to get you a towel."

As soon as she was gone, Ellen hissed at her older brother. "Why did you tell her at the airport that we'd both just used the toilet? You knew I had to pee! I hate you so much!"

"It's not my fault", Max taunted her. "I thought a 12 year old would be able to hold it until she got home! I guess you're going to have a fun few weeks here, since we've been here two hours and you're already in trouble!"

Ellen just glared and got out of the car. Izzy got out too. She didn't know if what Ellen had said was true, but if it was then Max really hadn't grown out of his meanness. If anything, he'd got worse.

Izzy's mum came back and took the towel round to where Ellen was standing.

"Hold up your skirt."

Ellen did as she was told and lifted up her skirt to reveal her soaked panties and thighs streaked with pee. She flinched with obvious embarrassment as her aunt took the hem of her soaked underwear and pulled them down to her feet. Ellen stepped out of the wet clothes and her aunt wrapped the towel around her waist.

"Right, go upstairs and have a shower, then come back down and maybe we'll start your holiday again."

*003*2011-12-16 01:29

Just in case anyone is following this thread, I've just posted Chapter 2 as a new topic.

Hope you like it - let me know!

*004*2011-12-18 00:49

Looks like things are picking up.

