Her First Day

Author: Night Rain

*000*2014-01-23 03:14

Here's my second story this is also based off of KonekoChan's own story it's more of a side story. I hope that everyone here enjoys this as much as enjoyed writing it feel free to leave any comments or suggestions for stuff to happen in future chapters.

Chapter 1

It was like any other day in Rose Creek yet on this nice spring day a single young girl. Was about to start her new life at her new school she had only just moved to Rose Creek, A month ago from America this was supposed to be a fresh new start for her yet she was. not So sure of that the horrors of her past still burned bright in her mind she tried not to think of it often. But sometimes late at night she wake up crying in fear and sadness. Plus usually she would also have wet the bed.

Today Brooke was dressed in crisp white button down blouse, a short blue-green skirt. That reached a little around mid-thigh a pair of white ankle socks and black dress shoes. A small black tie a pair of white cotton panties with a small black bow on the front her wore under her skirt. She stood on the corner of the street next to the local Convenience store. She stood alone a look of sadness could be seen across her face plus another look this look. Was one of fear and nervousness Brooke was not really sure how today would clearly go.

"Will today really be a fresh new start for me?" Brooke thought.

She looked at the passing cars going up and down the road. White clouds past overhead in the clear blue sky as she stood there her mind began to wonder back her late friend. Brooke remembered of the happy times that she had spent with Amy back in America. Her eyes slowly started to get misty as she remembered Amy just doing this seemed to cause Brooke to fidget slightly as a tiny part of her bladder started to fill up. Brooke pictured a time with Amy when they had just finished walking to their bus stop together laughing and joking about random things.

Brooke's fidgeting seemed to increase a bit as she started to cry. As she thought of her late friend Amy a few tiny tears fell down her beautiful cheeks.

"I miss you Amy" Brooke said quietly to herself.

A car passes by Brooke which seemed suddenly to snap her out of her memories. Returning her to the present the thought of her late friend was still there lingering in her mind. She slowly began to cross her legs tightly together the need to pee had increased inside her. After having thought about her friend this tended to happen quite a bit something had happened. To Brooke's poor bladder in the past so whenever she was either nervous or thought about. Her late friend it usually meant she would need the bathroom soon.

She recrossed her legs again and squirmed around a little form side to side. Trying not to make it look to bad out of the corner of her eye Brooke spotted three girls. Walking towards the bus stop one girl had long blonde hair and green eyes. She was wearing a Yellow Floral pattern dress with white socks and her favorite pair of white and pink trainers.

The second girl had chestnut brown hair and green eyes. She is wearing a light blue sleeveless hooded top and a white mini-skirt bend down to pick her shoes up. While the last girl had light brown hair and green eyes she was wearing a red and white checked dress with matching skirt and black formal buckled shoes. As Brooke watched the three of the come closer they all seemed to be talking about something.

Not knowing what it was Brooke stood off to the side away form the triplets. She stood next to a small oak tree that was located right next to the Convenience store. She stood under it from time to time she would cross or recross her legs plus fidget around a bit. It seemed that her poor bladder was really starting to bother her now it seemed that at this point. One girl noticed Brooke she saw the way her fidgeted around but she also noticed the sad look on her face.

"I. wonder why she looks so sad?" Cleo thought.

Her sister Casey also took notice of Brooke she looked at her as did the third sister Carrie.

"I do not believe I've seen her before" Carrie pointed out.

"Another new face like it matters" Casey said.

Cleo still watched Brooke she saw her fidgeting around slightly and she wondered just what that could mean.

"Maybe I should introduce myself maybe she would not be so sad it looks like she could really use a friend?" Cleo added.

Part of her wanted to go and talk to Brooke but she felt shy in doing so she was about. To walk forwards to where Brooke was standing when Carrie placed a hand on her shoulder.

"Maybe some other time the school bus is coming" Carrie pointed out.

A big yellow bus was busy driving down the road towards them it started to slow down. Only to stop once it reached them and opened its doors the triplets made their way inside and Brooke followed shortly after Cleo, Casey and Carrie took a seat towards the back of the bus. Brooke on the other hand walked slowly there were many girls and boys already sitting down. Brooke took a seat in an empty seat right at the back.

A few rows behind from where the triplets were sitting she looked out the window as the bus. Pulled away from the curb and started off down the street. As they moved down the road Brooke was squirming, now, in her seat and she didn't know if she would be able to make it. She squirmed again and squeezed her legs together as hard as she could. This was not helping. Not enough! "Hold it!" she concentrated as the bus started again. After having picked up a few more kids and it worked, she had not leaked any more but the pressure continued to increase, slowly, inexorably.

Brooke's eyes started to mist up she was starting to bounce up and down on the seat. A few tears slide down her cheeks this could not be happening to her. Brooke thought that this was all behind her yet it was not suddenly the bus hit a bump in the road. Brooke felt a little bit of pee escape her girlhood and dampen the crotch of her panties. She quickly jammed both hands into her crotch hoping that no more would escape her. But she was having a hard time keeping her flow in check.

Every so often the bus would suddenly jerk and stop either from stopping and picking up. Another kid or few more to just stopping and going with the flow of traffic that was busy driving down the road. A few spurts escaped Brooke's girlhood further dampening her panties she started to cry openly at this.

"P-Please not here I-I thought I had escaped this" Brooke thought.

Cleo who was busy chatting with her sisters noticed that Brooke was crying for some reason. Yet was not really sure why Brooke was crying in the first place.

"Something's wrong why is she crying did something happen to her?" Cleo asked.

She was busy looking a Brooke watching as she squirmed and bounced around on her seat. Part of her wanted to go over there and tell Brooke that'd everything would be ok.

"Maybe's she is just scared or something?" Casey pointed out.

She to had noticed Brooke's squirming and watched her closely. Carrie also seemed to notice this but part of her thought it might just be something else. They all watched Brooke for a few moments and then turned away and started chatting again.

A few more tears fell down Brooke's cheeks as a much larger spurt escaped through her fingers. Wetting her panties further she felt a small wet spot form on the seat underneath her. Brooke closed her eyes in sadness she had pulled her skirt up to her waist and was busy. Rubbing away at her girlhood trying to do everything in her power to stop the impending flow.

Suddenly the bus slammed on it's brake coming to a sudden stop as a random car. Had suddenly pulled out in front of it Brooke moved her hands away from her neither regions. Grabbing the back of the seat in front of her for support the sudden jerk caused the dam within Brooke to burst. Yellow fluid shot out of her girlhood wetting the crotch of her panties turning them yellow. While wetting her skirt in the process creating a noticeable wet spot on the front of it. Brooke was sure that a wet spot was even on the back as well.

"Hiss"

The sound was heard Brooke sat in her growing own growing puddle crying openly now as the bus. Pulled up towards the school as the doors were open and the other students started to get up and off the bus. Brooke remained seated to embarrassed to even move Casey had gotten up and headed off the bus. Carrie got up next she noticed Brooke as well as did Cleo who got to her feet.

"Something's really wrong" Cleo said she needed to know just what it was. She quickly made her way to the back of the bus and saw Brooke sitting in a small puddle of her own pee.

"A-are you ok you look like you could use some help?" Cleo asked.

Brooke who was still crying looked at Cleo she said nothing and just nodded her head. Cleo reached out and took Brooke's hand helping her to her feet they started down the aisle. Towards the buses front door they soon reached Carrie who saw the wet patch on Brooke's skirt. A small wet trail followed Brooke some more of her pee dripped down her legs.

"We'd better get her to the nurses office to get her cleaned up". Carrie stated as she turn around and walked towards the front of the bus Cleo and Brooke followed closely behind her. And soon they both got off the bus.

*001*2014-01-25 17:55

Well here is the next chapter, in this one we are introduced to a new character just who is she read on to find out.

Chapter 2

Cleo had already made her way off the bus when Brooke soon joined her standing near the entrance. She saw other kids going about their own business some stopped and looked her way. Noticing the wet patch upon her skirt a few snickered at this point just seeing this Brooke broke down into tears anew. As a tiny spurt of pee left her girlhood and entered her panties further wetting them.

Cleo noticing Brooke was crying anew again walked up to her and took hold of Brooke hand. "Don't worry everything will be fine" Cleo told her leading her up the steps into the school Carrie followed shortly behind the pair and Casey soon joined them. They all walked in silence to the infirmary which was located right next to the school's library. Opening the door they soon entered inside. They then came on a woman sitting at her desk she had black hair, which she normally wore in a ponytail, and green eyes. She wore prescription glasses with black frames and small stud earrings.

Today she wore a pink blouse with short white skirt as the girls entered she looked. Up from her paperwork noticing Brooke was crying she also saw the tell-tale wet spot on Brooke's skirt. "Oh, no what is the matter?" Miss Lavender asked to the group of girls. "Our friend here has had a wetting accident" Carrie told her Miss Lavender looked closer at Brooke she saw that Cleo was holding her hand.

"Excuse me dear but what is your name?" Miss Lavender asked.

Feeling a tiny bit nervous around everyone Brooke squirmed a little her need. To pee was slowly returning to her she wiped some tears from her eyes and finally found the courage to speak to the nurse.

"I-It's Brooke" She said.

Thinking quickly Miss Lavender then looked over at the other girls.

"Cleo, dear take Brooke here over to the vacant bed, Carrie go rummage through the missing clothes box. Search for any clothes that may be Brooke's size and Casey would you please take some towels and wet wipes from the draw and help clean her up" Miss Lavender spoke to each of the girls.

They each went about their own business, and Brooke was led over to one bed. Carrie was busy searching through the clothes box she soon found. A short pink blouse with a green skirt and yellow panties. She went over and placed them on the bed as Casey then appeared with the needed materials and also placed them there.

Brooke closed the curtain behind her after she was alone she slowly took off her wet clothes. Then placed them to the side and got some of the wet wipes. Brooke started to clean herself down among her legs before taking one towel given to her. She wiped herself down sometimes brushing against her girlhood causing a funny feeling to build up/ Inside her body once she was done she got dressed into the clothes on the bed.

Then opening the curtain she stepped out her tears had stopped falling yet she still was misty eyed.

"T-Thank you" Brooke mumbled to the girls and Miss Lavender each of them said thank you and then walked out the door the last one to leave. Was Cleo who stopped at the door then looked back at Brooke then turned around and walked out. Leaving Miss Lavender and Brooke alone in the room.

"You, may come by later and pick up your clothes" She told her.

Brooke only nodded yet said nothing and walked out of the room she still had the feeling. Of needing to pee yet pushed it aside as she headed towards her fist lesson of the day which was math.

Elsewhere

On the floor below another scene was taking place as a young girl with black hair with pink highlights. Was making her way up the steps towards the school today she was dressed in a short white shirt on the shirt with a picture of a puppy and a kitty on it. A short pink skirt that reached just above her knees a pair of white socks with black trainers. Underneath her skirt she wore a pair of white pull ups with little pink flowers up it.

The reason for this was because little Emily here did not really have full control. Over her bladder and often at times she would usually end wetting herself much to her own embarrassment. There was not really anything she could do about it for it was something that she was born with. Even though it made her sad she grew to live with it but she did her best so that others. Would not know it one of her greatest fears was people around her finding out this secret of hers.

As she skipped up the steps happily the wind blowing at her hair and a small crinkling sound. That could be heard by those close enough near her yet they wondered just what it was. Once Emily reached the doors she pushed them open and walked inside taking in the view. Of everything that it had to offer she saw a long hallway leading down the middle. Several classrooms and lockers were lining the walls not far from where she now stood there was a set. Of stairs that seemed to lead up to the floors located above her own.

Walking quickly Emily slowly past by other students who were busy going about there own business. She soon made her way over towards a locker located near the stairs. Looking up at it she reached up with her right hand and did the combination soon her locker door opened. Reaching inside Emily placed a couple of her books such as science and math inside it. Before closing her locker shut in her book bag she still had her history textbook which is what she needed, Since that was her first class.

Leaving her locker behind Emily walked a little ways down the hallway. Until she reached her classroom it was located near the back of the building. Just several yards away from the door that led outside walking inside and making small quiet crinkling sounds. With each step that she took Emily spotted her desk which was in the second row right next to the window. Walking over to her seat she placed her bag on the floor and slowly took her place at her next.

Doing her best not to make any sort of noise so that no one would pay attention to her. Once seated she smoothed out her skirt and reached into her book bag taking out her notebook, history book and pencil she placed them on the desk the next and waited for the lesson. To begin which would soon start any minute since more kids were busy flowing into the classroom. They were taking their seats all around her busy making conversation with those around them.

*002*2014-01-31 03:02

Here's Chapter 3 I hope you guys will enjoy it.

Chapter 3

"Riiinnngggg"

Went the bell which signals that it was time for the class to begin. Kids were busy quickly getting out their own notebooks and textbooks. As Emily looked for at the teacher she thought of just how today would truly play out she had been looking foreword to this day for quite a while.

Emily's teacher was known as Mr. Smith he was in his early 30's and was dressed in a white shirt and a pair of black pants. He had brown hair and dark brown eyes Mr. Smith was the teacher that most of the kids hoped that they would get for the year, and Emily was one of them. Mr. Smith always went out of his way to make his students feel special he made his class enjoyable, He told jokes, did his best to make his lectures fun and interesting, helped those students who needed help with personnel problems. You could say that her was most of the kids favorite teacher.

Yet as Emily sat there as Mr. Smith began to take attendance she began to feel the ever. Beginning affects of her poor little bladder filling up which would soon mean she would need to pee. She ignored this though she knew herself that she had major problems controlling her urine and was not about to ask Mr. Smith if she could go to the bathroom. Class had only just begun and she was feeling fine right now.

Yet as the minutes slowly ticked by and Mr. Smith started talking about what the class. Would be doing today little Emily was slowly starting to feel the affects of her bladder filling. Before school had began Emily had drank a couple of glasses of apple juice with breakfast. Only now was it starting to bother her she slowly started to squirm around in her seat. Often times starting to cross or recross her legs the crinkling sound coming from her pull ups. Was heard and several of the students near her started to hear this.

They wondered what it was a young girl with white hair and crystal blue eyes. Sitting to Emily's right side leaned over to her "Emily are you alright?" She asked as she had noticed Emily's squirming in her seat. Emily quickly stopped what she was doing and turned to face the girl.

"I-I'm fine" She said.

Mr. Smith started to write some basic math problems on the board. Turning his back to the class Emily looked over at the clock since how it had only been five minutes since class started. How could this be it felt like it had been much longer but time never lied. She whimpered now and bounced in her seat "it's only been five minutes and yet I've really gotta go" Emily thought. She again crossed her legs tightly together it seemed to help for the moment.

Mr. Nash soon finished with the problems on the board and started speaking about. How to do the problems another few minutes ticked by and Emily was not really paying attention. To just what Mr. Nash was saying all she could think about was her bladder and how she did not want to have an accident here in class let alone on her first day of school.

With her left hand she reached down and started pressing it against her crotch through her skirt. A faint but light crinkling sound could be heard yet again the girl next to Emily leaned over to her once again, "are you ok?" she asked curious now and looking at what Emily was doing. Just silently watching her caused the area among the girl's legs to tingle with happiness she rubbed her legs together in excitement. Poor Emily shook her head from side to side and again bounced up and down on her seat.

She whimpered ever so quietly and mumbled.

"I-I really need to pee" Emily sobbed.

The few tears were beginning to form in her eyes she did not want to have an accident here. If she did people would find out about her problem the girl hearing this moved her desk closer by a few inches. Until she was closer to where Emily sat reached over with her hand she moved Emily's own away from her crotch this caused Emily to whimpered louder. But not enough to draw full attention to herself the then lightly placed her hand on Emily's right leg and began to tease her by lightly running her finger tips across her skin.

This started to tickle Emily just a little and a few giggles escaped her mouth. The girl slowly moved her hand upwards along Emily's knee until she reached the hem of Emily skirt. Smiling wickedly she began to move it towards Emily's waist whom quickly used her own hand and grabbed hold of her skirt. Trying to push it back down she did not want happening to her let alone anyone seeing the pull up she was wearing.

The girl near Emily gave her a mean look.

"Stop it I am trying to help" She said.

She moved her hand and quickly pushed Emily's hand away and again went back to what. She was doing she this time forcefully shoved Emily's skirt up to her waist to reveal her white pull up. With the pink flowers on it Emily was quietly crying now as her legs were forced apart. The girl now had complete access to Emily's crotch area where she started running her fingers over the front area of the pull up pressing in hard against Emily's girlhood.

Another young girl named Amanda who had long red hair and green eyes. Watched the events from two rows over she knew she should raise her hand. And tell Mr. Nash what was happening but she was enjoying the show.

Emily tried to push both of the girl's hand away from her crotch but the girl's hand remained there. It seemed like she was using all her strength to keep it pressed against Emily's girlhood at this point the contact and pressure being pressed against her urethra. Was making it feel warm Emily tried to squeeze her legs together and again move the girl's hand away from her.

Yet she was not able to the girl had used her other hand and held Emily's arm in a tight grip.

"P-please stop" Emily begged.

Hearing this the girl next to her dug her fingers into Emily's arm making her cry out in pain.

"Listen and listen well Emily I do not give a shit if you like this or not, you're going to wet yourself in this room and I am the one who going to do it" She hissed quietly.

She then used her hand and grabbed hold of Emily's pull up and pulled it upward. Feeling this Emily whimpered and started crying as she felt her pull up start to stimulate her peehole. Again and again this happened the stimulating was getting worse much worse. Emily was bouncing up and now pressing her legs tightly together with little effort. She tried to feel her hands but still could, not

"I just cannot bare with it anymore! It's coming out, It's coming out" Emily thought.

Her poor bladder suddenly released itself into Emily's pull up and panties. Flooding it was warm urine that completely soaked into her pull up turning it yellow. The girl pulled her hand away and smiled.

"Ohh! there it goes" She said.

Emily buried her hands into her crotch trying to stop the flow but it did not help. A loud hissing and crinkling sound could be heard through out the room. Other kids started to hear this and turned to face Emily even Mr. Nash stopped in his lesson.

"Emily is something wrong?" He asked.

"It, it just will not stop" Emily sobbed.

All the contents of her bladder filled in her pull up causing it to expand soon it was filled with too much urine. And began to slip out the sides soaking into Emily's skirt. All eyes were turned on her now a few of the kids even started to laugh and point at her. Emily who was so busy crying paid no attention to them,

She was so embarrassed that she just sat there in her warm piss as it started to puddle on the floor under her. However the girl next to Emily only watched and smiled this was fun and she was going to enjoy it more than once this year.

*004*2014-02-05 02:18

Amber will get what's coming to her at a later time,

*005*2014-02-09 12:47

Here is chapter 4

Chapter 4

Amber watched as the puddle spread behind Emily. She leaned over to her and whispered.

"If you tell anyone I did this you will pay, my father is The Headmaster" Amber warned her.

Emily said nothing and kept on crying. Mr Nash hurried to Emily's side.

"Emily go to the infirmary. Mary, would you be so kind to help her there?" Mr Nash asked. A small girl with purple hair and amber eyes nodded and went over to Emily's side.

"There, There." Mary said.

She took hold of Emily's hand and led her out of the room. She led her to the infirmary, which was located right next to the library. They walked into the infirmary, which was currently empty at the moment. Mary led Emily over to one of the beds before giving her a towel and some wet wipes. Emily took down her pull up and took off her clothes to get cleaned up.

Mary found a pink shirt, purple shorts and white cotton panties. Wishing she had another pull up to wear, but knowing that she didn't, Emily put on her new clothes. Once she was finished they both left the infirmary and returned to her class for the rest of the lesson. Yet, as Emily returned to Mr Nash's class and took her seat for the remainder of the period, she looked over at Amber, who was sitting and smiling.

Emily began to try and work on the rest of her assignment but was having a hard time. All that kept going through her mind was her earlier wetting accident at the hands of Amber again. She tried not to think about it by lightly tapping her pencil against the side of her desk. All thoughts were forgotten when the bell rang signalling the end of the period. Quickly packing up her belongings, Emily made her way to her next class, which just happened to be Science with Mr Dogwood.

Mr Dogwood actually taught various classes from year 7 to 9. He had a reputation of hating his students and would often at times turn in their assignments late if a student were to break the rules. He'd hand out his own style of punishments such as giving a 2000 word essay that must be turned in and completed no later than this time on Friday, Or he'd give you a 3000 pages book to balance upon your head.

Emily walked into the room a few minutes later and took her seat towards the back of the classroom about one row from the last. Reaching inside her bag Emily took out her Science book then her notebook and pencil case and placed them upon the table before her. Other students seemed to be following suit.

Two minutes later the bell rang and the start of period two began. The class then began like any other with the register. Emily answered when she was called upon, then the lesson began. Today they were going to watch a movie on hydro-electric energy yet when the movie first started it wasn't the one the Mr Dogwood wanted. Instead it was a cartoon of ‘Courage the Cowardly Dog’. The episode was of Courage, a little purple dog, along with his family moving to the artic, where they get attacked by an evil snowman.

Several students laughed at this, Emily included since she had been a fan of Courage the Cowardly Dog for several years and would try to watch it on T.V. whenever she could. Turning off the movie in disgust, Mr Dogwood took it and tossed it into the wastebasket.

"Okay, which one of you punks switched out my tape with this trash?" He demanded in a stern tone of voice. None of the students spoke any sort of words.

"Again, I ask, which one of you kids switched today's movie with that garbage we just watched.” Mr Dogwood demanded again in a louder voice. Again no one said anything. Growing annoyed, Mr Dogwood looked over at Emily.

"Do, you know anything about this?" Mr Dogwood asked in a harsh voice. Gulping for air Emily merely stammered out.

"N-No, sir I don't" She quickly looked away from him not wanting to meet his gaze anymore.

Mr Dogwood went on to ask several more students. Yet in all it was the same answers. No one knew who changed the tape.

"Where should I begin?" Mr Dogwood had finally said. He started to walk around the classroom slowly, making his way up and down the rows, "You’re all in trouble so here's how it'll be. Each of you has to write a 1000 words essay on all the scientific formulas. I want things in detail, people!" Mr Dogwood shouted before slamming his hand down on the table.

Great. Now Emily had an assignment, which would most likely be due tomorrow, to be added to whatever other homework she got this day. She wished one of the damn students would just confess to the crime. The bell then rang, signalling the end of her second period class.

*007*2014-02-10 14:36

Why, thank you I'm glad that you enjoy the story,

*009*2014-02-11 03:02

I hope to bring future greatness to my fellow readers.

*010*2014-02-15 03:26

Here is Chapter 5 my fellow readers. It ends on a cliffhanger so I hope you all will look forward to the next chapter.

Chapter 5

Emily, now had five minutes to get to her next class which was History. For History was one of Emily's better subjects normally she did very well on any given assignments and tests, Emily went out of her way on projects to do her very best, Making sure every little detail was corrected and given her best effort. Arriving at her locker Emily opened it and pulled out her History book before closing her locker.

Then heading towards her class. Which would now begin in just under two minutes. Emily rushed down the hallways passing in among and around other students she had finally arrived at her class mere seconds before the bell rang. Taking her seat which lucky for her was located right near the door.Emily slowly started to take out the needed materials for her class. By placing her History book and notebook on her desk along with a pencil.

Waiting for the bell to ring Emily's thoughts seemed to travel back to her last period class. She still wondered who had switched the tape in Mr. Dogwood's Science class no one had come foreword. Yet since it was still only known to all those who were there in the class room at the time. The more Emily thought about it the more it seemed to scare her. Since Mr. Dogwood would take out his anger.

On his students she was not really sure just what type of punishment. Mr. Dogwood would give to the student or students who had did the crime. But again just thinking about what it could be scared Emily she felt the first signals that her bladder was filling up.

"Not, again" Emily thought.

She shifted her weight in her seat as the bell finally rang.

As her History teacher Miss Serena began to take role Emily. Started to shift her feet back and further under her desk as she felt her bladder filling up even more. She knew what would happen soon and did not want to have another accident like the one she had this morning. At the hands of Amber once her name was called Emily slowly rose her hand.

"Um, Miss Serena could I go to the restroom please?" Emily asked.

Miss Serena looked up from the role call. She had short blue hair and blue eyes today she was dressed in a red and black business suit with a red blouse and a knee length black skirt.

"Sorry, Emily but you should have went before class" Miss Serena says.

Emily whimpered she herself had known that maybe going to the restroom before class had began. Would have been a good thing but she was in a hurry to get to class and she did not wanna be late. Let alone did not even have to go to the bathroom either. Lowering her hand Emily listened further as Miss Serena called out the names of the other students.

She then went on to describe what today's history lesson would be. Emily started to zone out as all she could do right now was focus on her bladder. The shifting of her feet was increasing in pace Emily tried to think of other things but was unable to do so. The ever increasing need to pee was making Emily nervous looking over at the clock on the wall.

Emily saw, that time was going very slowly. She could feel the ever growing pain in her bladder as the fluid inside. Was begging for release but Emily would not let it not here in class not in front of everyone again. Her left hand slowly made its way down to the top of her purple shorts. Looking around to make sure no one was looking. Emily very slowly started to press her hand against her crotch.

Feeling the contact with her hand against her aching girlhood outside her shorts. At first it felt wonderful and Emily sighed as she felt her need to pee. Lessen just a tiny bit but when she felt a small squirt of fluid seep into her panties. Emily became worried she pressed her little fingers harder against her girlhood.

Again it was not having the affect that she wanted with her other hand. Emily reached down and unbuttoned her shorts. To reveal the top of her white cotton panties. A small black bow was on the top of the panties and Emily reached down with her right hand. Slipping her hand into her panties Emily began to rub her girlhood. Hoping that with her fingers would stop the flow of pee that wanted to escape her bladder.

Again it felt wonderful as her fingers touched her girlhood Emily moaned softly. As she felt a small clear fluid leak onto her fingers. Her small peach was starting to get wet from her touching it as her peaches lip started ever to slowly to open. Again Emily felt another spurt of pee flow onto her hand wetting her fingers. Then wetting the crotch band of her white panties gasping Emily closed her eyes tightly and pressed her legs together as hard as she could.

"Please, please I do not want another accident" Emily thought.

*011*2014-02-22 19:40

Little Amber strikes again and sets up future events.

Chapter 6

Emily felt the cold dampness among her legs as her panties were damp and sodden. They were not wet enough yet to be a big problem but it was getting there. As little Emily bounced around on her seat she rose her hand again. Knowing that her need to pee had increased by a lot.

"Um, Miss Serena may I please use the restroom?" Emily asked.

Miss Serena who was busy teaching the lesson for the day. Stopped for a brief moment and looked hard at Emily.

"I thought I told you, that you should have gone before class?" Miss Serena said in a stern like voice.

Emily only whimpered in response as she felt another small spurt flood her panties.

"Yes, Miss you did but I really need to go" Emily answered back there was panic in her voice.

Miss Serena thought for a moment. On what she would do some things came to mind but she still was not quite sure on them.

"Okay, Emily you may go but hurry back please" Miss Serena told her.

Emily quickly lowered her hand. Zipped up her shorts and quickly as she could ran out of the room. Making her way down the hall to the nearest bathroom. Yet as she got close to it another girl was walking down the hall. Stopping in her tracks Emily knew who is was and a fear started to build in her.

Amber was making a bee line straight for her.

"Well, well, well look what we have here, where are to going Emily?" Amber asked in a sweet but evil sounding voice.

Ever fearful Emily started to back up some until she bumped. Up against the row of lockers lining the wall right behind her.

"I-I'm just on my way to the library for a book" Emily lied.

Amber thought it over for a moment but from seeing the way. That Emily was slightly squirming around at the this point made her think it was something else. Deciding to play along for now at least Amber asked a question.

"So. which book are you going to pick up?" Amber asked.

Emily did not seem to answer right away. As she was first trying to think up a book to lie to Amber about. Then second she was starting to squirm around on the spot again because she still needed to pee rather badly.

"Um, A Tale of Two Cities" Emily stammered out.

Amber moved closer to Emily noticing her squirming around from foot to foot she smiled.

"So, Emily who write the book and what is it about?" Amber asked.

"It's by Charles Dickens if I remember correctly" Emily mentioned. Since how she had read the book once before.

"Ah, so then what is it about?" Amber asked again inching forwards closer and closer.

Thinking quickly while trying to remember just what the book was about Emily finally remembered just what it was.

"It depicts the plight of the French peasantry demoralized by the French aristocracy in the years leading up to the revolution, the corresponding brutality demonstrated by the revolutionaries toward the former aristocrats in the early years of the revolution, and many unflattering social parallels with life in London during the same time period. It follows the lives of several protagonists through these events." Emily answered.

She was now moving around quite badly and Amber now knew it fully. She was now within range of Emily.

"Wrong, you are so wrong" Amber says.

"What, what do you-" Emily's voice trails off as she suddenly grabs her stomach in pain.

It seems that during their little talk Amber had suddenly punched Emily right. In the stomach having the wind knocked out of her. Emily grabbed her stomach in pain and dropped to her knees. The affects of still having to pee and her still near full bladder burst. Her panties and shorts were suddenly flood with warm urine.

While gasping for air Emily felt what was happening. She tried to grab her crotch with both hands. But the pain in her chest and lack of air were still bothering her.

"Your such an easy target" Amber laughed as she watched Emily's purple shorts turn. A much darker color as the warm pee trapped within was starting to poor out of her leg. Holes then formed small puddles on the ground.

Emily whom now had tears in her eyes finally regained enough air to gasp out.

"W-why'd you do that?" She gasped among breathes.

"Because, I can and I always will how'd you like it if I did this before the whole school?" Amber asked evilly.

Just thinking about having a major wetting accident in front of everyone scared Emily to the core.

"P-Please anything but that" Emily begged and pleaded.

Amber thought it over but just shook her head from side to side.

"Nope I do not care this will happen, but where it will happen and when is my choosing" Amber said as she walked down the hall laughing leaving Emily alone on the floor in a puddle of pee.

*012*2014-02-28 15:03

Chapter 7

About five minutes had past

Since Amber had left Emily alone, Who then seemed to get up off the ground. Though she was crying she went into the bathroom to get cleaned up. Once inside she walked over to one cubicle sitting down on the toilet. Emily cried softly to herself as she thought back to what had just happened.

"I hate Amber, I hate HER!!" Emily screamed.

Her scream echoed through the bathroom and she buried her face into her hands. She went on to think about just what somewhat evil scheme would Amber go through with on her. Because Emily had a thinking that Amber would go through with this again. Since how she seemed to get a thrill out of watching and making Emily have an accident.

Several minutes past and after calming down some. Emily gathered up some paper towels then pulled down her wet shorts and panties. She slowly started to wipe herself down among her legs before. Totally finishing up pulling her sodden clothes back up to her waist she flushed her stuff. Down the toilet and made her way out of the bathroom.

Walking down the empty all way Emily in record time it seemed. Made her way towards the infirmary once again walking inside it was empty. Which suited her current needs walking over to the lost-and-found she began to search around for some spare clothes. After a few seconds Emily found what she wanted.

Picking out a purple pleated short skirt and lavender panties. She put them on and left the room making her way back to her History class. Emily returned with about 20 minutes remaining in the period. Miss Serena since Emily returned stopped with teaching her lesson. She did not say anything but her eyes seemed to say.

'Where were you for so long?' Taking her seat back at her desk, She tried to pick upon all the was being taught at the moment. But could not seem to wrap her mind around it. Since she was still thinking about Amber and what she had planned. Miss Serena seemed also to notice this but again said nothing as the remainder, Of the class time went by soon the bell rang meaning, that lunch had finally arrived.

As the other students started to put away their books and stuff, Then file out the door Miss Serena called Emily up to her desk.

"Emily if you can spare a minutes I would like to talk to you?" Miss Serena asked.

Emily who was in a slight daze finished putting away her books. Got up from her desk and walked towards the front of the room. Once there she just looked down at the floor not even wanting to look Miss Serena in the eye.

"Emily, why were you so late coming back to class?" Miss Serena asked rather nicely.

No answer from Emily.

"Did something happen you wish not to speak about?" Miss Serena asked.

Yet, again Emily said nothing but seemed to now raise her head then look Miss Serena. In the eye there seemed to be tears in Emily's eye.

"Emily what is the matter?" Miss Serena asked.

"I..I..I was attacked by Amber" Emily cried out.

Miss Serena took this in she knew just who Amber was she was Luna's sister and also. One half of the Headmaster's daughter duo. She seemed to be able to get away with just about anything she wanted to the same could be said about her sister. They both usually did various things to students around the school for their own sick pleasure.

'What do you mean attacked" She asked.

"I was on my way to the restroom, when I saw her coming down the hall. She ended up stopping me and we had a little chat which ended with her punching me in the chest and causing me to have an accident" Emily explained through a wave of tears.

Miss Serena listened to everything that Emily had just told her.

"We, should report this right away attacking students just out of the blue is not right" Miss Serena went on to say. She walked over and gently took Emily's hand into her own.

"Were going to see the Headmaster about this" She replied and then started out the door with Emily in toe.

*014*2014-02-28 23:54

It was meant to be about Brooke. But I switched characters part way though,I know what I will do next chapter I'll go back and write a Brooke part. Along with a part for Emily.

*016*2014-03-01 04:46

It's just how people are, thanks for liking the story.

*018*2014-03-01 14:45

Why, thank you glad you enjoyed it.

*021*2014-03-02 16:19

I'm glad that you look forward to reading this makes me happy to know people like my work :)

*022*2014-03-07 17:07

This is a rather short chapter here since I've had a small bit of writer's block and I could think of what to do with it. Plus we move back onto another character Brooke with this chapter.

Chapter 8

The early part of the day so far had been a rather pain in the ass for Brooke. First she was still used to how school was handled in America and did not really know how the school system. Worked here in the UK, second her first period class was math which she hated more than anything due to recent events beyond her control.

So, here Brooke was sitting in class with a bunch of other students that she did not know. She tried to get a grasp of what was going on but seemed to fail. What she was given to work on during math was stuff she had learned before back in America. It just seemed rather different for her here plus with the whole feeling nervous bit Brooke was not happy with the many different pairs of eyes. Looking at her as she had been introduced to the class earlier.

The class ended like normal and Brooke had went over to her second period class. Which just happened to be P.E. she ended, passing along other students and classrooms. Before she arrived at the girl's changing room. Brooke had been given a P.E. kit before she had, even started the new school year and since how. Other kids were changing into it she seemed to follow suit.

Though felt embarrassed by having to change in front of a bunch of other girls. Yet slowly Brooke changed into her P.E. uniform which was a white shirt with the school symbol on it. A pair of blue bloomers, white socks and her black shoes. Brooke was again feeling nervous and her need to pee was slowly starting to build within her once again.

"I hate this place?" Brooke thought.

She quickly made her way over towards the school's gymnasium. She ended walking inside where many other students were currently gathered. There was one girl between the group who seemed to notice Brooke as she walked into the room. This girl was known as Luna and she was the daughter of the Headmaster of the school.

She had long dark hair that reached down to her waist along with blue eyes. A small smile seemed to creep along her face.

"Well, well look what we have here?" Luna thought. Her eyes seemed to bore into Brooke who was doing her best. To seem normal for the most part yet with each step that Brooke took, towards the small group of students she was filling her bladder filling up. She could not help but with every few step seemed to squirm around or hop from one foot to the other.

Luna saw this and smiled she loved these moments. "Seems our new friend looks like she needs to pee" Luna said to herself.

Several times in the past Luna had witnessed such events from a few of the other students. Around the school most seemed to be in her grade at this current time. Luna also had a hand in these events as she used her authority to abuse the girls. Luna normally would have one of her friends hold the girls arms while Luna. Would molest them running her fingers between their legs or pulling up their panties.

Across their peeholes in attempts to stimulate it. This would normally lead the girl into having an accident which delighted Luna to no end. Her thoughts seemed to return to the present and she just watched Brooke and a small plan was forming in her mind.

*024*2014-03-08 12:12

That's how I wanted her to be a power crazy girl who can basically do whatever she wishes. And she's totally different from you Luna :)

