Thank Heaven for Navy Spankies

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-09-02 00:05

Oof! Malley sat down hard on the turf. Rats! That standing back flip still trips her up. Double rate! Malley has wet her spankies. She felt the long squirt in the crotch of her spankies when she sat down. Now she feels the wetness -- between her legs, under her bottom. Fudge! It was going to be a long game.

Malley loved cheerleading. She started in third grade and made the squad every year through Middle School and into High School. Yes, Malley loved cheerleading, but her weak bladder was a constant concern and fear. Yellow dampness in the crotch of her panties was not at all unusual. In fact, Malley kept extra panties in her locker, just in case. Cheerleading was a mixed blessing. Spankies held erant moisture better than panties alone; but the rigors of cheering put additional strain on her bladder, with frequent wet results. Thank Heaven for Navy Spankies! Pee stains just don't show -- much. Still, wet spankies are wet spankies, and Malley wished her's were dry.

It was a cool evening, especially inside Malley's wet spankies. Her crotch was chapping; her bottom was rubbing raw. And it was still the first half.

Jeez Louise, not another penalty! Please, please, please get on with the game! I need to go to the bathroom! Six minutes and twenty-two seconds till half time; then the half time routine; then the bathroom. Come on, Refs; give me a break. What! Another time out! Damn!

Finally, the half ended, and the cheer squad took the field for their routine. It was spectacular. Malley performed her standing back flip perfectly. Now the triple tower. Duck soup, except for Frannie. Frannie knew about Malley's weak bladder, and was always on the lookout for pee stains on Malley's spankies, and always ready to broadcast the news to the rest of the squad. A few girls snickered, most sympathisized and even whispered about their own accidents. But Frannie was mean, just plain mean. "Your spankies look a little damp today, Malley; did we have a peepee accident." Give me a break.

Malley was slender and light, perfect to be a fly girl. Frannie was large and strong. She was underneath, holding Malley's left foot, looking up, examining her spankies. O well, no help for it; let's just get on with the routine.

Malley's fears were well founded. Frannie did detect her wet spankies; she did broadcast the news; Malley was -- as usual -- embarrassed. Routine completed, Malley ran to the restroom, praying the toilets weren't all occupied, praying the hot air hand dryer was working.

"You okay?" Tarlton's deep voice sounded genuinely concerned. "I saw you running for the bathroom; bad day?" Tarlton knew of Malley's problems. They had been friends since grace school. Now they were dating. Wet panties? No problem. Tarlton loved her anyway. "Malley, you're my girl, wet or dry." Malley loved Tarlton.

"I missed my back flip and sat down hard; you know what happened." Tarlton nodded, slipping his arm around Malley's waist. He smiled down at her. It would be okay.

"Frannie still ragging you?" Malley nodded. "You need to fix her wagon, Malley." Easier said than done. Tarlton sensed Malley's doubts. "Why don't you pee in her?" he suggested. Malley elbowed his ribs. "Ouch! I'm serious, Malley; pee runs down hill. You're the fly girl; get up there and just let go."

Malley savored the thought. But, no; Malley could never bring herself to pee on Frannie -- no matter how much she deserved it. Malley would just have to grin and bear it.

"Trust me," reassured Tarlton. Frannie's day is coming. Malley smiled weakly, but she doubted that day would ever come.

But, Frannie's day did come. Among Frannie's many meannesses was a predelection to think everything was hers. Your pencil? Better keep it in your napsack; if Frannie ever gets her hands on it, you'll never see it again. Even lunches weren't safe. Yesterday, Malley pulled an apple from her lunch bag, only to have Frannie grab it away. "Thanks, I like apples," said Frannie, prissing off. Bitch!

Today, some careless student left four brownies in a plastic bag on top of the lockers. Malley watched Frannie wolf down the brownies. Some poor soul will have no dessert at lunch. Malley spotted Tarlton watching from down the hall. He winked; then disappeared into a classroom, as the bell sounded.

The cheerleaders took the field at 6:45. The game started at 7:00. Time to whip up the fans. Ra! Ra! Ra! The girls performed with grace and skill. Malley even did her back flip, and still had dry spankies! Yesssss!

But Frannie seemed not to be feeling well. She kept holding her stomach. But no one asked Frannie if she was okay; no one cared. Life can turn cruel for the cruel.

The first half passed, and the cheerleaders took the field for their half time routine. Just as the girls were building their tower, Frannie grabbed her stomach and ran off the field. Malley nearly fell on the ground, as did the other fly girl. What the hell. Frannie was running flat out. Now here gait changes, Frannie grabs the back of her spankies. She skips a step, then runs on, holding her bottom.

On the bus ride home, Frannie sat alone. She held a tightly wrapped plastic bag, and wore too large gray sweat pants under her cheer skirt.

Tarlton was waiting, as Malley bounded off the bus. "Tarlie, you'll never guess what happened to Frannie."

"Frannie? Wait, let me guess: Did she poop her spankies?"

Malley's mouth flew open. "You saw?"

Tarleton smiled. "No, but I made the brownies."

Malley pondered for just a moment, then burst out in bladder-burstin g laughter, grabbing her crotch.

"Little peepee accident, Love?" asked Tarleton, slipping his arm around Malley's waist.

Tarleton smiled, and they walked off together into the parking lot.

Malley giggles and looked up at Tarleton wioth dancing eyes. "At least it wasn't number two," she said

