Another Vocaloid omorashi

Author: Baka

*000*2011-05-02 13:51

Nothing much to say, except I think Miku makes a good omorashi fic heroine...eh...yeah, I'm probably overobsessed. =.=

###

"Miiikuu-chan~Grats on another epic performance!" Rin cheered, grinning. She gave her friend a small hug.

"You were great today, Miku-chan...not that you're ever anything less than great," Len hurriedly said, his face flushed with embarrassment. The teal-haired diva chuckled. "That's so sweet, Len-kun..."

"LOOVVEEBIRDS!" Rin hollered, causing them both to jump and scream simultaneously, "HE/SHE IS JUST A FRIEND!"

The blond girl simply chuckled. "Sureee, whatever you say. Let's go and get some coffee, okay? You've got another concert in about an hour, and you'll need the energy." Miku nodded in affirmation to this, and after checking with the others, she and the Kagamine twins set off for the nearest coffee shop.

As she was walking, she felt an uncomfortable feeling in her lower abdomen. She realized, with a start, that amidst the adrenaline and rush of the performance, she hadn't had a chance to use the bathroom for over two hours. But she shrugged it off, it was nothing to be concerned about. She was confident that she could hold it, after all there was bound to be a bathroom at the coffee store, even if there wasn't, she could always use them at the next auditorium.

She arrived at the coffee store, and Rin eagerly ordered, while she simply browsed through the menu. She momentarily forgot her need as she saw the new selection of drinks that was out. Instantly, she ordered a large one, and sat back, waiting for her drink in satisfaction.

"Aren't you going to have anything, Len-kun?" She peered curiously at the blond boy, who shrugged. "Nah. Not thirsty." Miku nodded, and they chatted about music, their careers, and how each of them were doing. Soon their drinks arrived, and while drinking and talking, they lost track of time. It was not long before Miku realized the time, and stunned, she immediately stood up. They had to leave. Now. Or she would be late for her concert.

As Miku stood up, she felt the urge in her bladder call for attention again. She looked around briefly for a bathroom, but there was none to be seen.

"Miku-chan?" Len's was calling for her, obviously confused as to why she had suddenly stopped. She gulped, following him back to the car.

"We're only a little late," Rin mumbled under her breath. "S-sorry, Miku-chan...don't worry, we'll still make it for your concert..."

She nodded. "It's fine," she said, sighing softly. "We'll just cut out that fifteen minute break I was supposed to have -" She abruptly stopped, frowning. But that means I won't get a chance to use the bathroom...

"Is something wrong?" Len's soft voice, gentle and caring as usual cut into her thoughts. She smiled and shook her head. "A little nervous for the performance, I guess."

Rin frowned. "You're NEVER nervous, Miku-chan..."

The teal-haired girl shrugged. "It's already late evening...I'm probably tired. I've been giving performances all day..." It wasn't a complete lie, anyway. Without realizing it, she crossed one leg over the other, bending forward slightly and shifting in her seat. Oh god. I have to go a lot worse than I thought...

Unfortunately, they were soon caught in a traffic jam. Miku cursed under her breath. "Dammit! Now, of all times...Rin-chan, could you hand me my phone? I need to call Master." She squeezed her thighs together. Damn it, now is not the time for this...her need was slowly increasing, and she shifted in her seat again, uncrossing and crossing her legs.

The younger girl nodded and wirelessly handed Miku her phone, who immediately dialed a number. "Master? It's me. Miku. We...Len, Rin and I...we're caught in a pretty bad traffic jam...Yes, yes, I understand. Change the program to place Luka, and Kaito and Meiko's duet before me. Yes. Okay. I'm sorry about this...alright. I'll try to get there as fast as I can..." Their phone call ended and she sighed, squeezing her legs together. She was starting to feel the need a bit more now, it was becoming obviously uncomfortable.

"Miku-chan...you look rather tense...don't worry, we won't be late..." Len tried to reassure the tel-haired girl, who simply nodded in reply. Yes...my concert...it'll be absolute chaos if I mess it up... She clenched her teeth and rubbed her thighs against each other. Damn it, I really need to pee though... The effect of the large coffee she had earlier was getting to her, and it was definitely not helping her situation.

Luckily, the traffic had stared moving again, and she breathed a sigh of relief. Finally...

After what seemed like years, she finally arrived at the destination, where she was immediately hurried inside to change and apply make-up. She groaned internally, as she was dragged from room to room, barely giving her a chance to catch her breath. Briefly she caught Len and Rin giving her sympathetic smiles, and she could only smile back helplessly. Len gave her a silent thumbs up, and mouthed 'good luck'. She grinned back and returned his thumbs up, before she was taken to the wardrobe.

"Miku-san, could you please stand still for a moment? I can't dress you if you're fidgeting." Miku was startled, she hadn't even realized she had been tapping from foot to foot. The urge returned, stronger than before, and she winced. It was terribly uncomfortable, but she stood still, squeezing her thighs together and clenching her muscles. Damn, not now...not before my performance...She was truly nervous now, but she didn't show it. She was a performer, after all - and was an excellent actor too.

"Thank you, Miku-san. You're next...I hope you remember your songs...Remember, hurry backstage to get changed afterwards, when Luka-san is singing her second song so you can change outfits." Miku nodded again, she was an expert at this. "Sure."

She walked slowly backstage, grumbling at her annoyingly high heels, waiting for her cue to appear. She sighed, crossing her legs and leaning over. Wish I had a bathroom right now...

The curtains fell as the crowd erupted with applause. She gingerly stepped onto the stage, giving herself a small squeeze to gain some control. She knew she had to get to a bathroom after this song or there would be trouble. Definitely.

"And now, the moment you've all been waiting for...Ladies and gentlemen, MIKU HATSUNE!!" The crowd went wild as the curtains rose again.

The music started playing, and she rose the microphone up, and sang into it. Her voice was surreal, almost hypnotic as she lost herself in the music. During the bridge of the song, she walked around the stage, performing a simple dance sequence, but this instantly drew attention to her bladder. She gasped inaudibly as she felt the sudden wave of desperation. As she twirled around, she felt herself leak slightly. She panicked briefly, but managed to cross her legs for a split second, long enough to regain control as the instrumental break ended. She started singing again, trying to take her mind off her growing need. She was sure that the audience wouldn't notice her change of tone, bur Master surely would. She sighed as the curtains dropped, allowing to hold herself freely. Taking steps as to not agitate her bladder any further, she walked back to the changing rooms.

"Miku." She gasped. It was Master.

"I noticed something odd during your last performance...the last part of the song. You didn't seem all connected with the music..."

"Yes. I'm sorry, Master. Just a little worked up from being late. Please excuse me, I need to get changed now." She hurried off, cursing at her high heels again, and briefly put her hands between her legs to stifle the need.

She passed Len, but didn't even notice him in her desperation. However, he definitely noticed her, and the way she was walking. He was stunned. Don't tell me she needs to...

Meanwhile, Miku was on the verge of tears as the wardrobe assistant had apologetically told her that all the bathrooms here were closed for plumbing. She couldn't believe it. She rocked back and forth on her chair. "What do you mean they're closed? Oh god..."

"I'm really sorry Miku-san, but I thought you knew...after all Master did instruct everyone to relieve themselves at the last performance area...of course if it's an emergency I could try to arrange -"

"No...it's fine," Miku muttered, both hands pressing between her thighs, which were tightly clamped together. No, it's NOT fine...At this rate I might really have an accident. As quickly as she could manage, without losing control, she changed into her new costume. She was to perform a song with Luka. Magnet, to be specific. She had never liked the song much, but apparently it was popular with many audiences. She sighed and stood up, slightly bent over. She put a hand on her abdomen, wincing.

Never mind. It's just one song. I can hold on that long...She gritted her teeth and walked painstakingly slowly towards the stage. She was pretty sure that people could tell that she needed to go, if they paid close attention. Her hands were jammed between her legs as she groaned in desperation. This is so embarrassing.

As she stepped onto the stage, she forced herself to uncrossed her legs and remove her hands. Luka gave her a sympathetic glance, apparently she could see the poor teal-haired girl's dilemma. As the curtains rose for the last song of the day, she found herself once again enveloped in the bright flashing lights and lively music. She was a performer, and a naturally talented one. No matter how desperate she was, it was her duty to sing well. And so she did, even though she mainly just stood there, pacing back and forth every now and then, legs clenched together rigidly and her muscles spasming, causing her to release a few spurts at times. She tried her best to hide it, but she knew that she couldn't hide it from everyone. She could see some people in the audience whispering amongst themselves and she blushed furiously. Damn...

As she sang the final note, and the curtains finally fell, she groaned as she heard the audience's undying applause. She shoved her hands between her legs, squirming and practically dancing on the spot. She doubled over, tears forming in her eyes. "Oh god, I n-need t-to g-go..." she gasped, hurriedly rushing outside. She needed to get away. She could hear someone shouting at her to get changed, but she was beyond caring. The performance was over, and she knew she did horribly. There would obviously be some great new topics about her on the Internet tomorrow. Tears threatened to overflow but she told herself she would not cry.

A sudden spurt caused her to abruptly freeze in the narrow corridor. She moaned, clutching herself as she felt another spurt, completely soaking her panties. She felt the warm liquid on her hands and she clenched her legs tightly, attempting to use all her willpower to hold onto her last shred of dignity. To her relief, she spotted an empty room and slowly walked inside, doubled over in agony. She felt more spurts, rung down her legs now. Part of her was in pure disbelief. I'm wetting myself...

Another spurt, until she was finally too tired to fight against her body. She gasped in relief as she staggered over to a chair, sitting down as warm pee gushed out like a torrent. It felt so good, yet so incredibly humiliating at the same time. Tears trickled down her cheeks, even though she swore not to cry. As the stream finally trickled to a stop, she broke down and started crying. Today had been awful. She had messed up her performance, and she was certain that Master would not be pleased. In addition she had lost control over her body and wet herself like a child. She sniffed, burying her face in her hands.

The door clicked open and a confused Len stepped in. Immediately he caught the strong scent of urine, and saw Miku, looking vulnerable and afraid.

"M-Miku-san?" he asked softly, as he heard the sound of her soft crying. "Are you alright?" Stupid question. Obviously she isn't.

As he approached her, he saw the puddle underneath her chair, and the giant wet patch that covered her entire lower body. He blushed, but didn't say anything further to embarrass her. So she DID have to go...

"Don't look at me..." the teal hair girl sniffed. "You must think...that I'm such a baby..."

Len smiled to himself and feigned an innocent expression. "Huh? Oh, Miku-san, did you spill something? Don't worry, I can help you clean up. You're always so clumsy. Why don't you go get changed, and I'll take care of the spill."

Miku was startled, but a faint blush covered her cheeks. Of course he knows what really happened, but...it's so sweet of him to say that...

"And...please don't cry, Miku-san..."

The two exchanged a small glance, looking into each others' eyes briefly and then smiling at each other.

"Thank you...Len..."

