Faust`s Assorted Fic Thread - Page 2

Author: AuthorFaust

*025*2016-12-02 03:06

[Faust's Mikado Adventures, segment 2]

###

"You...Erm.....W..what?" the green haired boy called, as the petite blonde demon wriggled back and forth.

"I have to pee..." Alice called back weakly, squirming as she held herself openly. "It's been a bit of a long day...A..and I don't know if I can keep it in for long."

"A..Ahhh...O..okay...okay.." Faust added, holding a hand up. "Just..try to hold it in. I'll find somewhere for you to go.."

In the olden kingdom of Mikado, things like running water, and indoor plumbing were beyond the scope of imagination...And, even if he knew where the room for chamber pots and the like would be...

He remembered that Hope had specifically requested he stay in the western-most rooms. Judging by the nearly barren halls and the like....He presumed it was a place that was devoid of almost all people....But....

He couldn't tell her to just go in one of the halls. What if someone saw? Even if it wasn't the most taboo of activities to go....He couldn't tell someone that resembled a young girl like her to just go out in the open....

'The Open..' he thought..before turning, and kneeling down.

"Alice...Do you think you could make it out of the castle?" he asked her...As she lightly bit her bottom lip...eyes gazing downward.

"Y...Yes...yes of course.." the girl answered quietly.....Shuffling quietly along as the boy started to pace around the area....Looking ahead to avoid encountering anyone..And trying to make sure he could wander out without anyone noticing......The thought of escorting a girl out of the castle in the middle of the night looking...

....

Troubling. He held his breath as he passed by some conversing samurai, the girl quivering....shuddering...and lightly gasping under her breath. Faust kept pacing ahead...looking back only long enough to make sure the girl was following him......The wait growing longer...and longer with every pause....

"We're almost there.....Just keep it up." he encouraged the girl as they got to the outer layer of the castle, gesturing as the girl slowly....oh..so..slowly inched along....

"Ahh....Awaaaah....I...I can't move..." the petite girl called, as Faust flinched..seeing the shadows of someone else coming around the corner. He lightly swore under his breath, and darted over...Hoisting the girl up in his arms like one would a bride, and darted off....

He didn't dare turn around to see if he was being followed....No...He had to move, and he had to move fast....

By the time his legs gave out, his surroundings had been surrounded by green once more..And he was back at the spot he had spent the previous night with Issachar. A view of the beautiful lake Mikado....some trees slowly growing to a forest through the path from whence he came. They were away from the city finally, though...

"A..A..Alright.." the boy panted, kneeling down from exhaustion. "We're....we're far away now...You..You can.."

Psss...Pssshpsshhh......

Something warm, and wet started to fill his hands....the pant legs of his garments being drenched with the splashing sounds of rushing liquid.....

The girl's soft legs trembled, and shook in his hands....Streams trickled down the girl's inner thighs....And as her face started to glow a bright, blood-red crimson....It hit him....

"I...I..I'm..I'm sorry...!" the blonde sniffled, her hands rising to her eyes, and rubbing...as sniffles turned into an outright bawl....And for a few tense, noisy moments....She kept going...and going....and going....

It was impressive how much the girl could hold in her petite frame...But....As he started to sit her down, Alice visibly flinched and covered her face.

"P..Please....I....I tried...I tried as hard as I could..." she pleaded with him, cowering. "Please...Don't hit me...!!"

It was Faust's turn to visibly flinch at this, giving a tight frown, as he gently reach out, and patted the girl on the head gently...

"I..I would never even think of doing that.." Faust stated, lightly shook. "You tried your best....and you had an accident....Why would I hit you for that..?"

The blonde whimpered softly under his palm....her hands gently lowering to her sides, as her eyes trailed along the grassy ground.

"B..back then....if someone went out of turn...." the girl started, hesitantly. "Or...or disrupted class with something...They'd be....They'd be...."

Faust didn't wait on the girl to finish her sentence, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her into his shoulder. As if flipping a switch, the girl's sobbing returned...her arms wrapping around the boy's frame.

It was more than he could handle.... Demon or no......Nobody deserved that kind of punishment....

After a refreshing sob of relief...The demoness pulled away from Faust, wiping her eyes..and gently curtsying with her dress.

"Thank you..." she called, quietly. "I..I've never really had..anyone to talk to like that..."

"Ah...It's no problem." Faust responded, gently patting her head again, and giving a warm, inviting smile. "I'm here for you Alice...And I'll always be here."

The girl suddenly held out her pinky at this, standing on her tiptoes to try to look into the boy's eye level.

"Pinky swear?" she called quietly...as the boy affixed his pinky with hers.

"Pinky swear." he assured, as the two entwined fingers....And shared smiles. At this though, the boy stood to his full height...and glanced towards the castle. "Though, I'm going to have to wash our clothes. Man..I wish I'd brought a bucket or something to get some water..."

His thoughts were interrupted though, by the approach of another shadowy figure...The boy quickly grasped Alice's shoulder, and headed her into the treeline...Peering out from the side after a few tense moments...

"Is everything okay..?" Alice called, as Faust gently held a finger up.

"Shh....I think it's someone from the castle.." the boy whispered...as the figure slowly came into view. Twintails of pink, grasping a bucket with a scrubber, and a familiar greyed white dress....Wait...

...

"Y..Yuno..?" the boy quietly gasped to himself...watching as she gathered up some water from the lake......And seemed to have the same goal in mind he had. The dress was dipped in the pooling water....And, hands went to work on scrubbing out the remnants of her untimely accident earlier.

'Well, at least I know that we're not the only ones..' the boy thought quietly, thinking about just walking out and explaining the situation....When the girl suddenly tensed, and writhed a bit in place. 'A....Ah...?'

The pinkette's eyes glanced around at this, as if she was scouting the area....Before suddenly moving her bucket out of the way, and sliding her hands to hoist up her evening gown.

....

He should have looked away...He shouldn't have been seeing this......The girl's soft, creamy thighs....The wide, curve of her hips from her waist...The firm curve of her bottom. It was a forbidden sort of view....But one he couldn't tear his eyes away from.....

"Nnnn..I need to stop having to drink so much of that 'Healing Water' they sell." the girl called, letting her eyes flutter closed....And her legs slowly parted wide. "It's refreshing, but I always have to get up and.."

He didn't know why his eyes were glued to the girl's personal area...Or why his heart was beating so fast.... He could see the girl's nethers lightly quivering....and then...

Pss...Pssssssshhhh....pssshhhhhhhhh

An almost glowing stream.....the girl's personal waters starting to flow through the grass....As her shoulders sagged. Something about it was much more...gripping than what happened earlier. Alice's accident was much more...emotional, and Yuno's incident from being in danger had barely incited a response....

But now...under the moonlight, admiring the view from across Lake Mikado....

...

Something about it felt....so very different....

"Ah...? Are you okay, Faust? You seem a bit.....Tense..."

....

###

*027*2016-12-03 06:53

Authornote: Faust just felt like writing something relating to a certain game he has been playing lately as well. Faust may have taken a few liberties with things, but..it's all in the sake of a small, little story. Faust hopes you like.

###

"Umm....So..you're saying...that's where the trial is being held?"

"Ayup! In that abandoned store! Don't worry. It's prooooobably not totally haunted."

"Y..You know Lillie, you don't have to follow me through this one if you don't want to.."

It was an all too familiar sight in the Alola region. A beautiful, picturesque bright and sunny day on the island......Which only accented the terror before them. What had once been a sizable, extravagant department store....Now laid in ruins before the test of time....Windows cracked, door splintering....paint peeling....The signs of ruin....

As for the trio before it.... A trio of sorts. A petite purple haired girl in a long dress, an average looking boy with short emerald hair in a Hawaiian shirt with shorts......And a girl with long blonde hair, dressed in a stunning white dress...With a matching, sizable hat, and knee-high white boots.

"No..No, I said I was going to do this...and...and darnit, I'm going to do this!"

The girl in white, Lillie....Had more than a few troubling occurrences over the course of the journey. And, had recently proclaimed how she wanted to...improve herself, even if just a bit.

"Well, I'm sure it'll be fine. Probably."

The purple haired girl, Acerola, was one of the Trial captains. People who gave fledgling trainers their goals....The 'Trials' of which that would allow them to show off the bonds between them, and their pokemon. Acerola had a habit of being a touch mischievous, but never dangerous.

"Don't worry, I've got my pokemon...And I'll make sure you're safe."

And the trail-goer himself, Faust. He had a bit of a slower start than most trainers, but he had a genuine, pleasant vibe about him. His team was a bit...eccentric, but they had stood up to every challenge so far. They were confident....

"Just remember: Once you start a Trial, you can't leave for any reason, until you either pass the trial, or fail it. Understood?"

The two nodded firmly...as was standard. There wasn't any danger, and Trials usually didn't take too long. So, it was nothing new to them. Faust pushed the door open, and gestured to Lillie.

"Ladies first?" he called, the blonde girl smiling..and starting in.

...

It was no less menacing inside than it was on the outside. Empty shelves tipped over....Remnants of long-forgotten goods....and an eerie, chilling air.

"So..um...What was it you had to do in here for the Trial?" Lillie asked, as Faust pulled out a sort of Camera.

"Well, Acelrola said I had to take pictures of the Totem pokemon in here.." the boy answered, glancing around. "She said I should take pictures of the other pokemon around here, and it'll bring out the Totem pokemon."

"Ah....seems simple enough." Lillie responded...before suddenly seeing something out of the corner of her eye. Something like a rather sizable yellow rodent.....But Something about it felt...off. And what's more....

Pang....

Something in her body was idly nagging at her. The girl bit her lip softly as she remembered what had happened a mere hour ago.....

The two had settled down for a nice drink....The boy, a glass of lemonade...and herself, a cup of Moomoo Milk. It had been a refreshing drink, but....

She was feeling the effects now.

'Ah....I'll be fine....I'll be fine.' the girl thought quietly to herself...As they wandered the abandoned area. It was quiet....far...too quiet...

Wrrrrrrrrr

"Gah..!" the girl cried out...as the boy turned. One of the abandoned lanes had a suddenly moving conveyor belt.....positively roaring to life. Faust turned with his camera....as Lillie backed up.

'O..Oh..Oh..Of course it's a pokemon' she thought to herself as a purple-ball like spirit emerged...and the girl pulled her hat down a bit. 'Whew...That just....got me a bit.'

The girl turned her head at this....the little yellow rodent appearing again...and scampering out of view once more. Lillie lightly tilted her head...as Faust turned.

"Well, that wasn't the Totem pokemon, but it was easy at least." the boy called to her, as Lillie looked at him, and gestured.

"I saw something heading towards the back.." she gestured...the boy turning, and nodding.

"I'm on it." he called out with a grin, starting towards the back of the area..As Lillie lightly bit her lip.

'I should be fine...It shouldn't be too long..'

Her bladder was giving a few warning pangs...But, nothing she couldn't handle. As she started to head after the boy though, another thing stirred to life...

An old water fountain started spurting to life. A clear stream....slowly growing in volume and speed....before it started to just plain gush, spraying every which way.

"Ah..! F..Faust!" Lillie pointed, gesturing towards the water fountain as she held her hands over herself. The thoughts of the water against her white dress...coupled with water...

No..No..It was too embarrassing to think about..! She scurried back a bit further, looking to try to see the battle.....As something cold ran against her shoulder.

'sEe.....M...e...?'

"IYAH?!" she shrieked out, turning around to look....even as nothing was there.......

Psh..

The girl caught her breath after a few moments, feeling an...uncomfortable warmth under her dress.

"Hang on, I'll get it!" the boy called, darting after a pokemon...as Lillie quietly shuffled to the side.

'I...I doubt that the bathrooms are still working...but this place is abandoned, right?' she thought to herself, sliding her dress up a bit to inspect the damage. A small, dime-sized patch on her otherwise pristine garments..... ''Maybe...I could just find a corner..and..'

The girl pulled out a can of some kind of spray, and quickly expelled it around her...A Repel, meant to deter pokemon from following her. She watched Faust round the corner towards another part of the store....and quietly scampered over to one of the other corners.

'I'd really rather just wait and go later, but it's getting really bad.' she thought to herself, sliding her hands to her sides. 'And....if something else scares me again...'

The girl started to kneel down, feeling the seal on her personal waters starting to slowly give in....As she looked up at....

....

Faust, staring her down?!

"A..A..Ah! Ah! F..Faust?! I..I was just...But the Totem pokemon...and...!"

Faust didn't seem to stay Faust for very long...As his eyes glossed over, and his hands grew....Into dark, shadowy claws. What was once some reddish brown eyes turned crimson....And as the girl looked on in horror....One of the claws brushed over her face.

'S...e...e.......M....e....?'

There was no longer any keeping it back. A veritable torrent of warmth spread through her lips, and coated her panties.....soaked through her dress..and started to pool down her thighs. As the girl whimpered, shook, and quivered...falling back on her rump....She tried to scream....wanted to yell as loud as she could....

But....she couldn't. The shadowy claw seemed to grip her by the neck, and lift her up.....As she felt the world grow black....

....

Waking up in what looked like a dressing room. Her soaked, ruined clothes were nowhere to be seen...And, as she turned her head, she caught her reflection in a mirror....along with something that looked like the small rodent she saw scampering.....but...

...Rather than looking like said creature, it looked like it was wearing a costume. Something like a bedsheet, scribbled on by what looked like a child....Though, the same shadowy claw emerged from it, as it suddenly rushed past her....and started to slowly claw letters onto the mirror.

"S...o...r....r....y? Oh! Sorry...!" Lillie called, before lightly brushing her hair aside "It's..It's okay..! Thank you for fixing my clothes...Umm..."

The little costumed figure seemed to wobble a bit, and make a noise that...didn't sound displeased...As it started to hobble along. The way it's head swayed back and forth.....It seemed rather unnatural, comparatively to other pokemon she'd seen....

The girl paced out of the room, and suddenly noticed herself standing right next to the door once more, glancing around.

"Um...Faust..?" she heard, as she heard the boy's voice.

"See? I got a picture, just like you said!" the boy called, grinning. "It was a hard battle, but I managed to beat it!"

"Oooh, very nice!" Acerola's voice called, with a chuckle. "The Totem pokemon's a bit shy, but it likes showing off sometimes. ...Ohohoho..and what's this? It looks like you have some other picture in here. Is this Lillie? Though, it looks like someone spilled a lot of lemonade on her...."

......

"A..Ahh..heyHeyHEY! DON'TLOOKATTHAT!!!!!"

Pokemon are full of surprises, you know?

*030*2017-04-21 07:10

AuthorFaust: Hello, once again dedicated fans! Faust has not written an actual story that wasn't interactive in far too long...But, while Faust has been hosting interactives....Faust does have his own little obsessions he tends to go for. And, though he hopes to be able to strike a balance between interactive, and non-interactive stories at a time.....

AuthorFaust: For now, Faust figured he'd write a little story involving his latest experience in a phone game. Fire Emblem, Heroes.

[Author's Note: Your results may Greatly vary. Faust sincerely wishes you the best of luck, and hopes that you enjoy the story....Even if it's a touch..different than what Faust usually writes...]

###

"Ugh....This should make about six, now.."

Six times, he'd wandered through the worlds....Six times, he'd arrived in this world, and refreshed his existence there....

Six times, he'd re-rolled his fate in this world.....And, hopefully, it would be his last.

"First, I need to direct Anna.." he called, answering the red haired girl's stock response of summoning him into the world......And the arrival of enemies. He raised his hand at this, pointing in the direction of an approaching Emblema solider....The red haired commander turning.

"On it..!" she called out, brandishing a large axe. Anna was a modestly endowed figure, with a red ponytail..and brilliant, golden armor. The typical armor of the Askr Empire, it seemed....And some very high crimson and golden boots.

She wielded an axe with noticeable skill.....And as she felled the foe before them with a pair of strikes...He continued along.

"Alright, let's keep moving Commander." he called to the woman, starting along..Thinking maybe...maybe this would be the one time....

"Oh damn...More soliders..! We're outnumbered..!"

...

'Never CAN get lucky with this sort of thing..' he addressed to himself flatly, before brandishing the divine artifact, Breidabrik, for the first...Arranged summon of the world...

"Virion..!" he called out, a regal looking man with silvery-blue hair emerging from what looked like the air...Brandishing a bow. His outfit looked not unlike the average noble, blue material accented by his white cravat.....As much as the summoner wanted to just call it a bib. "Attack that enemy! Anna, Follow up!"

It was like clockwork to him. The arrows would connect, and Anna's strike would fell the enemy. Then, an enemy archer would fire at Anna....

"Now, my skill Night Sky is..."

And she'd retaliate with a powerful strike of her axe, felling the man in a single blow. It was all the same as usual.....

"Right...We should leave, before we get found again." he added to the red haired girl, who nodded.

"Yes. Let's get a move on."

He'd found this world by almost accident, hearing about it from the other authors....Lightly experimenting time and again. Soon enough, he was taken to the Askr Empire...And, showed around a fair bit....

After the proper processes, shown around the castle...He moved straight for the summoning grounds....

"At this point, they start me off with enough for a full five summon, at least..." he stated, before glancing at the mass of orbs in a conjured space, provided by the deities of the world. "Maybe two..."

The summoning grounds were a mystical place. A stone platform with a magical rune in the center....And a pillar, with an indentation for the orbs.

"Process is simple enough.." the summoner called, settling down the set of orbs as he narrated himself.. "Set the orbs in place, stand in middle.."

The orbs started to glow, a mixture of Red and white.

"Load said orb into indentation.."

He lifted one of the red orbs, and slotted it into the indentation.

"Fire Breidabrik."

He held up the gun-like artifact, and pulled the trigger....Firing out a surge of energy that amassed in the orb.

The orbs would glow upon receiving the energy....Kick up some smoke, and then it would manifest in the form of a legendary Hero, from across the worlds.

'Or, as we tend to know them...The games.' the Summoner thought, folding his arms. 'Starting with a red should be safe enough. Hey, maybe I could get a real cutie. Like Lucina, or even Tiki.'

The summoner smiled lightly at the thought, losing himself in the pillowing smoke a bit.

'I wouldn't mind getting called Onii-Chan again for a bit.'

He could feel a slight rumble under his feet at this......Snapping out of his trance in time for the figure to emerge....Bracing...

"Oooh..a rare one.." he noted, as the energy finally settled on a form....Green hair catching his eyes at first......

Followed swiftly by blue armor, and a familiar...brilliant blade...wielded in the left hand..

"Ah....It's.."

"My name is Alm, the leader of the Deliverance." the hero answered....Male, and looking a bit younger than expected. "You can count on me to take up my sword for your cause."

"It's nice to meet you, Alm." the summoner answered politely, offering his hand out in a shake. "The commander will be here to show you to your room soon enough. Welcome to the Askr Empire."

"Understood!" the boy called, lifting up his weapon. "My Falchion and I will serve you well."

The summoner nodded his head, as he started to repeat the process for the other orbs.

"Three colorless orbs.." the summoner stated, going through each summon in turn. First, a man with brown hair, and a red scarf....

'..An upgraded thief...'

A bit of smoke kicked up....followed by a slightly older man, with white hair and an eyepatch...

'That perverse archer...'

And, yet another archer...but, with blonde hair, and a purple outfit...

'And Klein. ....Not the worst.' the Summoner called, giving him the same response of sending him to his room as he did to Alm, and the others....

"Well..just...Just one red orb left." the summoner called to himself, sounding a bit distressed. He held the orb close to his face, as he started to whisper quietly to it...

"Tiki...Tiki...Tiki..." he chanted...."I'll settle for a Tharja, or a Lucina.."

He slotted the orb into position, and readied Breidabrik again. He held his breath, crossed his fingers metaphorically...and...

Bang...!

The energy coursed through the red orb....Starting to glow anew.

'C'mon.....C'mon...!'

A rush of billowing smoke....

'Yesss.....!'

A small rumble of the earth...

'Yesssss..!!!'

And, a flash of blue hair. He gasped softly....Before seeing some shoulder pauldrons, and an unfamiliar blade held at the side. A sharp exhale, attempting to hide his disappointment later, he appraised the figure. Long blue bangs...A flowing cape, and white gloves....

"I am Seliph, a Son pledged to fufilling a wish my father made as he died a bitter death......To battle Darkness."

"R...Right...Right." the summoner called, starting to compose himself. "Welcome to the Order of Heroes, Seliph..."

"I will aid you as best as I can, Summoner.." Seliph called, bowing his head. "My Tyrfing and I will endure any hardship that comes our way, to protect you."

"I'll be counting on you." the summoner called, gesturing aside. "Go ahead and step this way: Commander Anna should be arriving shortly to escort you to your quarters."

"Yessir."

The summoner lightly folded his arms, sighing lightly as soon as Seliph was out of earshot.

"I mean, two five star units is better than I've been getting.." he addressed, taking a tensed breath. "But, they're both reds....and both guys. Man, what's a guy gotta do to get a waifu around here?"

He considered scattering his essence, and re-constituting it...repeating the process he'd been enduring for the past few days...But relented, looking down at his bag.

"Just...barely have enough for one more full summon." he called, starting to pull them out. "If I don't get like, a Nino, a Cordelia, or just...some female, I might just have to re-roll again.."

He moved to the center of the summoning platform again, watching as the orbs manifested into different colors...Looking over them again.

"A Blue...Two Red..and two colorless.." the summoner stated, rubbing his head. "Well, no Nino to be found here.."

He moved over to lift the blue orb, settling it into the summoning pedestal again. He stepped back, and fired his tool yet again...Watching as it shimmered...

'No smoke....Means..' he noted as it formed...a younger looking boy, with a metallic pot on his head and a makeshift spear in his hand appearing.

'Farmboy..'

He lifted one of the colorless orbs, and fired again...Seeing a familiar figure.

'Gah, that same thief again..!' he snapped, seeing the brown haired thief he already summoned appear anew. It was...irritating to get mulitple iterations of the same hero, but he had to at least see the summoning through...lest he waste the orbs he'd used.

A red orb was loaded....Though, while his hopes were high, no signalling smoke meant that the figure that emerged would be...

'Well..At least this one is a girl..' he addressed, moving over to help a girl with long purple hair, and a flowing cape stay on her feet. 'But...She's a three star..'

He gently escorted the girl down the steps, as he moved back to the last two orbs...Another red, and another colorless one.

"Luck be a lady tonight..!" he called to himself, slotting the red orb in, and firing...watching....and slumping pre-emptively...

"No smoke..which means.." he started before the summoning even finished......A figure with orange hair emerging....Wielding a simple steel sword, and blue armor.

"My name is Eliwood. I am the ruler of.."

The summoner wasn't entirely listening...But, he nodded along politely. The man was a legendary figure to this world, responsible for a war long ago...Yet...

'Why do I keep getting all these three-stars?' he thought to himself, almost not wanting to pick up the last orb....But, relenting. 'I mean, I don't expect another five star, but would it be too much to ask for at least a four star?'

He held Breidabrik up high without even thinking anymore, firing it at the orb haphazardly. A few seconds passed....

Ksssshhh

A surge of pillowing smoke.....Enough to catch the summoner's eye.

'Oooh, maybe I can get a healer.' he thought, as he wafted through the possibilities. 'Like Elise, or Sakura, or..'

The ground started to rumble again...and the Summoner's eyes lit up.

'Ooooh!!! A Five star! Forget a healer, it might be a Taku-.'

The Surge of energy burst out at this...Forming in front of the summoner. He shielded his eyes for a few moments, before looking through the smoke....

'A Bow...' he thought, giddy...Before seeing a completely unfamiliar figure holding it. A girl, with dusty blonde hair that trailed over her shoulder in braided twintails, and a respectable figure with a more than modest bust. Her attire was rather plain...A large, tannish-red dress with a matching shawl, and some brown boots.... The summoner found himself looking her over a few more times quietly....leaving the girl to approach him, rather than the opposite.

"My name is Faye." she started, with an easy bow. "I'm glad to help. I've trained with the Deliverance, you know...."

"Ah...Right. I'm-" the summoner started, unsure of how to properly respond....Before suddenly feeling the girl's hand taking his. "Ah..? Is something.."

He felt his hand being lifted up to the girl's face, as she took in a deep breath...Smelling it?

"You smell like Alm...Have you seen him?" she called out in a low voice...barely above a whisper. The summoner visibly flinched at this, blinking in surprise.

"Ah..? Oh..Erm...Ah..." he stated quietly, thinking back a bit....Before recollecting the boy with green hair. "O..Oh yeah. He's here too! I summoned him earlier, and..."

He felt the girl get uncomfortably close to him, her chestnut-colored eyes gazing into his intensely.

"Take me to him..."

The summoner froze at this...The summoning ritual fading around them, as he held his ground for a few tensed moments...feeling his heart skip a beat.

"I...Sure..!" he answered after a pause....the girl slowly backing up, with a warm, easy smile.

"Thank you very much summoner." she called out in what sounded like a sincere tone, letting her hands rest behind her back. "Please, lead the way."

It wasn't unheard of for one of the summons to know another......Or to want to see one another. After all, the only real changes in demeanor he ever noticed was that they would loyally follow his orders in battle. They were still people.....

'Well, as much as they can be, at least...' he thought to himself as he started down the halls, glancing around for the telltale green hair, turning a bit.

"So....what do you like to do, Faye?' he called quietly, attempting to make small talk with the villager.

"Oh? Well....I like to pick flowers...." she started, lightly pressing her fingers to her chin. "And....selling flowers too!"

"I...see.." he answered back quietly, pausing as he saw the blue haired swordsman, Seliph again.

"Ah....Did you need something?" the man called out quickly, seeing the look in the summoner's eyes.

"Hm? Oh, yeah." the summoner replied, before glancing a bit at Faye. "Did you...see where Alm went? He's that swordsman with green hair, and.."

"Oh, he went to the training grounds." Seliph called, with a small nod. "Said he wanted to work hard. I should join him.."

It was barely a moment to pass for the summoner to turn around, before Faye was gone. He hesitated....But decided it was probably for the best if he'd just let the girl wander a bit....

"She'll...find it eventually." he told himself as he started along....Wondering just what kind of group he'd summoned this time...

......

............

"Yes, Yes...I know how to use an assist skill." the Summoner called after having gone through the rest of the hand-holding tutorial levels, gesturing with his hands. "Seliph, Alm! Take out Xander! Faye, take out that archer!"

"Do my best..." the blonde girl called, darting forward fearlessly, and pulling back an arrow. The summoner braced as he waited for the other unit to fight back....But, in surprise, noticed that he merely recoiled....Not even readying an arrow in response.

'Huh...That's new.' The summoner called, directing the Commander to finish off the Archer with her mighty axe...As the two swordsmen clashed with the horseback foe. As powerful as he could be, even he couldn't handle being outnumbered....And, in no time at all, the enemy forces were retreating.

"We did it!" the Commander called, grinning. "Good job summoner!"

The summoner chuckled lightly, starting back with the others. Yet....

"Thank you for your sound tactical advice, milord." Alm's kind voice called, clasping a hand on his shoulder. The summoner could be seen buckling a bit, but merely smiled, and nodded.

"We...Well, it was your hard work that won the day." he called, turning to Seliph. "You two....You and your Tyrfing are impressive as Alm's Falchion."

"Ah...You flatter me..." Seliph retorted, modestly. "It was thanks to Alm that I was able to catch him off guard. Thank you..."

"And Faye's arrow struck tru.." the summoner added...Finding the blonde haired girl nowhere to be seen. He paused....tilting his head a bit. "Where...did she go?"

"Don't tell me you didn't notice?" the commander mused, striding up to him. "Her rigid posture....Her tone of voice...."

"Ah..?" the summoner replied, as Seliph seemed to avert his gaze.

"Oh, so it's....that." he called, lightly brushing his hair back. "I..erm..didn't want to say anything..."

"Huh? What are you talking about..?"

It took the summoner a few moments more than he would have liked to understand what they meant....But, he felt a slight flush forming. She hadn't seemed...that tense when he was watching her. Her long legs weren't exactly pressed together, and....

...

'Oh God, I was staring at her, wasn't I?' he noted to himself, shaking his head.

"Ah, it's fine. I'm going to go train some more..." Alm called as they returned to the castle, heading down the path towards the training grounds. "Just...call me if you're in need, Summoner."

"Ah, permit me to join you.." Seliph called, pacing along with him. "I find training most effective with a partner..."

The summoner watched the two swordsmen start off together, and he let out a small sigh, glancing down at his pouch.

'I suppose I could try to summon again..' he thought, glancing down at the orbs within. 'I've got enough for two, if I...'

As if like clockwork, his pouch suddenly seemed to pop open...A single orb starting to roll away.

"Oh for the love of Naga..." he snapped, starting after it in a grumpy huff.

A small distance of rolling later though, as he scooped it up.....

"Oh Alm..." a familiar voice called, commanding his attention. "Can't you see how much I love you?"

The summoner looked up to see the familiar blonde hair, peering through a bush. He didn't need binoculars to know where the girl's attention was....pacing quietly closer to see the training grounds just within visibility of her location.

'Oh wow...She's a stalker..' he thought to himself, quietly pocketing the runaway orb...As he started to take a step back. 'I'd better...."

The sudden rustling of the bush caught his ears far too easily....And, as much as he wanted to retreat, his eyes found their way back to the girl's figure...Now hunched over in a kneeling position.

"Mmmmth...What would you have done, if you'd seen this..?" Faye's voice called out to the air, as she started to lift up her long dress...Revealing some lightly pale, creamy white thighs....And.....

"How you make me feel.....and....That I..."

A completely bare bottom, some sort of fluid trailing down her thighs. The summoner's face glew bright red at this....As he struggled to tear his eyes away from the sight.....

"Ahhhnn......"

Though, far too late to miss the show. A low, quiet trickling sound could be heard...as a small stream started to spray onto the ground at her feet, splashing noisily as she let out a soft, groan.

"Ohhhhhh...Oh Alm.... What would you do if you stumbled into me like this...?" she whispered to herself, her sputtering stream consistently squirting out of her. "Just...beyond my limits of control.....Unable to do anything but hike up my dress and.....Go."

The Summoner covered his mouth at this in an attempt to mask his breathing...The girl's stream splashing away merrily as Faye continued her inquisition.

"Would you scold me for waiting too long? Or, for daring to not wear anything under my dress?" she continued to ask, lightly bucking her hips. "Or maybe, you'd know that I've been going through so many garments around you that I quite simply can't....Keep...Dry.."

He could see her stream losing force.....Even as liquid glistened on her thighs....And, he knew he had to get out of there...He had to avoid being seen...

But.....

"Ohhhhhhh...." the girl's voice softly groaned...And he started to step away..

Crunch....

'Shit..!'

A rogue tree-branch, trodden on at the worst possible time. The Summoner flinched, held his breath, and prayed...Hoping that maybe....

"I know you're there."

A sudden shift in tone, the sweetly, naughty girl's voice gaining a fierce edge....And in just as many moments...The summoner could feel his blood run cold...

"Come out...slowly."

Every part of him wanted to run....Every fabric of his being screamed at him to leave the world, and never return.....

But, rational thought had left him...he'd merely complied, stepping out with his hands up.

"I'm sorry! I was just trying to follow this orb and...." he immediately confessed....His eyes slammed shut as if to pretend he hadn't had that amazing view....Pausing only when he felt something shockingly cold on his neck...

"How long...have you been there?" the girl's voice called....As he dared to open an eye...

"I...erm...I just..." he started, noticing an arrowtip held to his throat. "I...I heard you talking about Alm! And...and what you were wondering...and..and.."

He braced himself for the worst.....feeling the cold against his neck press a bit harder.....Followed by a sudden warmth on his shoulder, the girl's head now resting on his shoulder...

"I can smell Alm on you.." she mused again, in her softer....but still chilling tone. "You're the tactician.....So, I won't do anything......."

A sharp pain sparked through his body, the girl's teeth sinking into the shoulder that Alm had patted a short while ago...

"Yet."

He felt his whole body freeze up anew, feeling the girl's tongue lashing over him....Before pulling back with the same smile as when she first greeted him...Hiding her terrifying visage behind a sweet...innocent smile...

"But, you must not tell Alm of what you saw here.." she added, in a much more relaxed tone. "A maiden's heart is a sensitive thing....and I wish to confess at my own pace. I don't wish for anyone to spoil my affections for him. Understood?"

The Summoner merely nodded quietly, too afraid to even address the other part of what he'd seen...The girl's fingers brushing against his lips.

"As for peeping in on me, in such a delicate moment.." she interjected almost immediately, the Summoner's body visibly flinching and bracing for another assault.....Opening his eyes again after a few mere moments to a gentle smile.

"I don't see the harm in permitting you to watch....As proper compensation for bringing Alm and I together in this world as well...... Without any of those...troublesome girls to distract him...I can properly take my time expressing my love."

The summoner could feel his heart beating again at this, wondering if he'd gotten off of the hook for the accident....Before the girl's eyes shifted again.

"But know this..." she started again, her voice dropping to the menacing tone. "If you do...anything to sully my chances with Alm.... You WILL regret it."

"U...U..Understood!" the summoner called, nodding his head so hard he felt like it was going to fall off.....

"Wonderful!" she mused, her hand rubbing the same shoulder as before. "I'm glad we could have this talk. Now, you must be tired, Summoner. Please, get some rest for me, okay?"

"Y..Yes Ma'am!" he started, before seeing the girl's eyes darken again. "I..I mean Faye...!"

The girl's eyes brightened again, and he spared no further second to put as much distance between him and the girl again.

Darting through the halls, past the commander, the prince, and the princess, he hurriedly returned to his room, and almost completely collapsed onto the bed.

"Gods, what did I get myself into this time..?" he stated, brushing his hand over the bite mark on his shoulder. "I shouldn't stay here...It would be dangerous...."

But....

'But....'

He couldn't help but feel...a little more invested in this world than he had been before. Was it the implied death threat? Or.....

..

.........

"Mmm....He's not quite Alm, but...."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

[Fire Emblem: Heroes mini-story: End]

**Characters used in this story may or may not be the same as their canonical counterparts. Faust cannot promise anything...

*033*2017-04-22 07:34

AuthorFaust: Faust merely wrote this thing on a whim, based on his own little journey through Fire Emblem Heroes. Faust could possibly manage to make a few more stories involving his little escapades during the journey. Of course, Faust has not played a lot of the games...So, character interpretations are going to be spotty at best. Notable figures in the upcoming sort of stories are [Young Tiki] [The Macedonian Whitewings], [Tharja], [Nino], and of course... [Faye].

AuthorFaust: Faust is unsure if people want to read more from this verse or not though, so Faust is curious what people are most interested in.

*035*2017-04-23 05:15

AuthorFaust: Faust just wishes to ask something of those who read....Or, that sort of read...

Would you prefer Faust to continue along from where the last part left off...Or, in a different sort of timeframe entirely? If Faust were to write more FE of course...

*039*2017-04-23 18:03

AuthorFaust: As per requests, Faust shall continue his FE adventures now. Faust has to go to work right about now, but Faust figured he could give the first half of this continuation.....

AuthorFaust: There's no omo in this particular segment, only buildup to later..... So, if you're only in this for the piddle scenes and not for the plot......

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

[Fire Emblem Heroes Plot Continued:]

[Dangerous, Part 1]

The next morning came all too soon, it felt....As the summoner quietly pushed himself out of bed.

"Nnngh...Maybe it was all some kind of bad dream.." he thought to himself audibly, rubbing the side of his head. "I..I mean..."

He shook off the thoughts of the previous night, feeling at his shoulder absentmindedly....And feeling the little marks.

"....I should do that summoning.." he remarked to himself to try to distance himself from the memories, quickly gathering his robe and darting down the halls.

"Good morning, summoner!" Seliph's voice calls as he practically zoomed past him, with a wave.

"Hi Seliph, Bye Seliph." he quipped, taking a left...and then a right.

"Morning, Summoner!" Alm politely greeted, as the summoner weaved past him as well.

"Hi Alm Bye Alm." he added, picking up the pace a bit. He wasn't exactly excited to do some summoning...rather, he was trying to avoid....

"Ah, Summoner!" the only person he couldn't blow off called out, freezing him in his tracks. "We've got a new recruit."

"C..Commander Anna.." he groaned quietly, before turning his head and...

....

"Hello...! You must be..the tactician around here?"

An unfamiliar girl, who was a little taller than him. With long, green hair that trailed down her back....A form-hugging sort of short dress...a white chest plate....

"Ah...Y..yes.." the summoner called, glancing down at her long legs...covered by what looked like some black tights, and knee-high boots. "I'm..."

"Hehehe...You're staring, you know?" she pointed out to him quietly, prompting a face-flush from the summoner. "It's okay, don't feel bad about it. I'm Palla, of the Macedonian Whitewings."

The summoner lightly snapped to attention, extending his hand out to the green haired girl.

"N..nice to meet you.." he called out lightly, as she took his hand. "Um..White Wings?"

"Named for the Pegasus they ride." Anna whispered into his ear, the boy flinching again.

"A..Ah...Right..!" he sounded, as Palla chuckled.

"Don't be afraid to come to me if you have any trouble." she assured, smiling a gentle, warm smile. "I've two younger siblings, so I've always been good at supporting people."

"I..I'll keep that in mind." the summoner remarked, nodding his head as Palla started off....Trying to shake off his embarrassment.

"Oh, and....Faye wanted to see you too..By the way." Anna added in a slightly matter-of-fact way. "Something about breakfast. Don't move too fast with her now, summoner."

"C..Commander..!" he stammered out far too late, watching as the mischievous redhead stuck her tongue out teasingly...And strode off to leave him alone with his thoughts.

"...W..Well, I can always summon afterwards.." he remarked to himself, quietly. "I..I'd better see what Faye wants..."

He could tell himself he didn't have to see her.....But, a small voice in his head told him it would be a bad idea to ignore her, and he reluctantly agreed. The summoner strode down the halls once more, passing by several other figures conversing, debating, and otherwise communicating with one another...Before pushing his way into the kitchen.

"Faye....? Are you in he-" he barely started, before seeing those familiar twinbraids...Dusty blonde hair quickly giving way to a.....worryingly sweet grin.

"Oh good morning, Summoner!" she called out in far too perky of a tone compared to the previous night. "I just thought that you deserved a little something for bringing me and Alm together in this world again. Sooooooo....I made you some breakfast!"

"R..Really..?" the summoner's mouth remarked, before he could properly stop himself, sheepishly taking a seat.. "U..Um..T..Thanks.."

"Ehehehe...No problem." she sounded in an almost song-like tone, as she set a plate of...remarkably normal looking food in front of him. The summoner paused for a bit, hesitantly reaching for a utensil as the girl watched him...eerily...

"No need to worry! It's perfectly safe." she mused, in a gently teasing tone. "Go on, eat up!"

'I feel like it would be unwise to accept her offer..' he thought, looking it over....before sticking in a spoonful. 'But, somehow I think it'd be more dangerous if I declined.'

He took a careful first bite...expecting something foul, or toxic...But instead....

"This is....Amazing..!" he called, before starting to dig in hungrily, his body finally seeming to remember how long it'd been since he'd eaten. "Faye, what...What did you put in this?"

"Ohhh, you know." she mused, letting a hand rest on her cheek. "The usual ingredients....A little bit of love.....And a bit of Crocus Sativus."

"Ah, I see.." he sounded, quietly between bites....Before visibly pausing. "Wait....A bit of what?"

"Hm? Crocus Sativus?" Faye inquired lightly, as she rest her head in her hand. "It's more commonly known as Saffron....An Aphrodisiac."

The summoner dropped his spoon, feeling his body starting to become..uncomfortably warm and tensed.

"Oh, looks like I used enough..." Faye mused, as she moved closer to the summoner's view, and knowingly knelt down so his eyes were level with her... considerable bust. "Well, then we can get to what I really wanted to talk about."

The Summoner tried his damnedest to tear his eyes away from the girl's dress, and some exposed cleavage....Fruitlessly.

"Now, I know we just got a new recruit." she stated quietly, in her menacing tone. "Miss Palla. Whitewing. You've met, I'm sure..."

"Y..Y..Yes.." the summoner stammered, still feebly trying to avert his gaze....his body starting to lightly quiver as his mind wandered. If her outfit went down a few more inches.....

"I would never suggest denying our army additional manpower..." Faye added coyly, as she shifted her arms a bit to lightly push her bosom out a bit more, making them look even larger than before. "But...Goodness knows I don't want Alm making eyes at another woman. So, I have a request..."

"Y..Y..Yes..?" he feebly sounded, wanting nothing more than to leap onto her, and pop her bust free of her dress, and.....

"Put Alm on training duty." she called, squeezing her arms around again. "Double down, even."

"D..Double..." the summoner mouthed lightly, prompting a few giggles from the menacing village girl.

"I'll decide for myself if she's going to be a problem...." Faye added, lightly inching back. "But until then, you are to bring her and me along in our battles......Understood?"

"Y..Y..Yes.." he weakly sounded, finally managing enough willpower to clasp his eyes shut...A soft, lithe finger brushing against his cheek.

"You do that..." the girl added, as she leaned into his ear, something soft pressing into his side. "And I'll...help you with your little..Problem. Sound like a deal?"

He couldn't think of any way out of this...and he certainly wasn't sure how much longer he could keep up a firm resistance....So...

"D..D..D..Deal..!" he sounded out in a shaky stutter, as the feeling of her body suddenly backed away.

"Perfect! I'll be waiting then, Summoner!" she mused, back in her usual, pleasant tone. "See you inna bit"

The summoner froze for a few moments, seeing the various cooking implements scattered around the kitchen....worrying about what he'd gotten himself into, despite all of the lustful thoughts plaguing him....

'Gods.....She's....a dangerous woman..'

And yet...

###

[Dangerous: Part 1 End]

AuthorFaust: as a last little question, Faust wishes to know if the general audience would prefer the story to be limited to just the piddle incidents....Or, if they would like a little...extra added in. [Extra includes Various Adult Activities that may or may not occur. and/or (Tagged before the story) Messing]

AuthorFaust: Or, would they prefer it to only be vaguely naughty, as in the previous chapters?

*041*2017-04-24 07:58

[Dangerous: Part 2]

Three..........Four...Five times now, the summoner had dunked his head in a well of cold water....

Trying desperately to calm himself after the morning's deception, still trying to subdue the lingering effects of Faye's meal....

"How was I supposed to know a girl was going to join our team on her own?" he called to himself, still lightly aflush. "Stupid....freaking.."

He shook his head, before starting along the area again, going to do what he'd intended to before the little distraction....

Finally visit the summoning grounds.

"Might as well see what I can get with these orbs.." he called to himself as he started to slot in the orbs....flinching as he realized something far too late...

"Grah..! I only have five!" he grumbled, gripping his hooded head between two clawed hands. "I thought for sure I had....Gahhhh..!"

He mentally chided himself for being so stupid....As the orbs charged into their colored forms...Four red, and a colorless..

"Well...Shit." he quipped to himself, looking at the colorless. Part of him wanted to reach for it, but the thought of another Faye possibly wandering around..

.....

.......

"Top one, don't fail me now!" he called, scooping it up, and starting to slot it into the pedestal. The other orbs lost their color almost immediately, as energy started to swirl around...

The crimson orb glowed......And, he raised his tool once more.....

BANG

Breidabrik fired into the orb, and he waited. Smoke started to pillow out from the pedestal, and he lightly perked up.

"Ah..?"

Rrrrummblll

"AH?!" he sounded even louder, bracing himself for the best...yet feebly trying to temper himself for inevitable failure....Before the all-encompassing light blinded him.....and then....

"You mean I don't have to sleep anymore? I can stay with everyone?"

The Summoner's eyes lit up for the first time in days wih pure glee, as he darted forward, and lifted up the summoned hero without pause. A petite girl, with a pink dress, a golden circlet, and long...forest green hair. A blue crystal was held in her grip, but...

"Uh huh..!" he called out, excitedly. "You can be with us, forever, Tiki!"

There was a small pause as much hugging occurred, before the girl's voice piped up again.

"...What about Vegetables?"

"We'll see." the Summoner called, lightly pressing on the girl's nose, and turning around. "C'mon, I'll show you around.."

"Okay..!" she mused back, holding out her hand for him to take. The Summoner smiled, and started to show her around the base for a time, before a familiar red haired girl interrupted his good time.

"Summoner, we've got reports of Emblema invading the world of mystery." Anna stated, quickly. "Muster your troops, and prepare for battle."

".....Yes Ma'am..." the summoner called in a deflated tone, kneeling down to the green haired girl. "We'll play around a bit later, okay? Just get used to the castle, and behave Tiki darling."

"Okay, I will!" the girl called in a perky tone, grinning. "Please be safe, summoner!"

He grinned back at her, before starting along...Heading out to the courtyard with a bit of spring in his step....

"Woah..! Easy girl...!"

The Summoner barely ducked out of the way of a descending Pegasus, seeing a familiar head of dark green.....

....

And, contrary to his previous conception, a sizable bottom, covered in very form fitting black spats. The boy found himself blushing once again, his previous lust having resurfaced almost immediately.

"Aha...Sorry. Was just taking her for a ride around here." Palla's voice called, as she dismounted the horse. "Are you feeling okay? You look a little red..."

"I..I'm fine.." he lied quickly, trying to avert his eyes from the girls....Even as his view trailed down her legs. It was easy to picture the girl's curves through her uniform, but.....

"Oh, you must be Palla.." Faye's voice interrupted, prompting the boy to stand at attention once more. "I'm Faye. It's nice to meet you."

"Oh, nice to meet you too." Palla added lightly, holding out a hand for the girl to take. "I got the orders. We're going to head out to help the World of Mystery, right?"

"Right." Faye mused, turning her head to look at the summoner...who was struggling to keep his eyes level with hers. "Will Alm be joining us?"

The Summoner froze at this.....but remembered the girl's words from earlier, and started to pull on his cloak nervously.

"U..Um...he...had a bunch of training he wanted to do.." he answered quickly, glancing along. "But, Seliph should be joining us. And..."

"Aww...Well, okay." Faye mused back innocently...and for a moment, the summoner wasn't sure he hadn't made a mistake somehow.....

"Well, I brought some drinks. In case we get thirsty." Palla called at this, reaching into a pouch on her pegasus's side to pull out a canteen. "Don't worry, I brought enough for everyone, so drink up."

"Oh...S..sure.." the summoner answered, politely taking a cup of it....Faye doing much of the same with...what he thought of as barely concealed intensity in her gaze.....along with her...shockingly calm breathing. He could barely see her ample bosom moving at all as they spoke, and..

....

'Gah..I need to focus..' he thought to himself, before starting to point forward.

"Enough talk! We should make our advance now!" he called out.....awkwardly. "I..I mean..the sooner we get this done, the better, yeah?"

"Mmm." Faye sounded in agreement, as the boy turned back to see Seliph arriving....And lead the group on...

....

...........

................

''Okay, yeah. I need to stop staring at Palla's ass.' the summoner thought to himself as he watched her pegasus swoop her down for another would-be deadly strike...proving their strength against the heroes of the world of mystery.....And freeing them....

...

Or, that was the plan, at least. He knew they were about halfway through the invasion, but before he could lead them towards their next destination, another pegasus swooped down from the skies...a girl with short blue hair, and a similar chemogasm/Breastplate combo to Palla....but, blue appearing.

"Sister, is that you?" the girl called, Palla leaping off of her mount to get a better look.

"Catria? What's wrong?" the green haired girl responded....As the summoner found himself looking back towards the blue haired girl. In the place of boots, she wore blue thigh-highs instead. And where he saw black material covering thigh with Palla...

Catria wore no such covering....Her own leap down from her pegasus making the summoner's addled mind wonder if she had anything on under it....

'No...No...Bad Summoner...Bad..' he thought to himself, shaking his head. 'Don't ogle the girl that we just met..'

Her bust was fairly modest as well...But, before he could get a better look at her, Palla quickly strode over to him, pure panic on her face.

"Summoner, Please..!" she remarked sharply, the boy wishing he hadn't missed the last part of the conversation. "We must go after them immediately! You understand, right?'

"U..Um...R..right.." he called, Palla's expression softening quickly.

"Thank you...!" she cried out, wrapping her arms around him and squeezing him in a short, but tight hug.

"A..Ahhh...!"

He was certain she could feel a certain part of him against her thighs....But, if she minded, she didn't show it outwardly, as she leapt onto her pegasus.

"Come on, Let's go!"

The summoner nodded a bit, glancing to Faye who kept up her usual, slightly worrying smile...As they chased after....

...

.......

"A....Ahhhh.."

The group ended up eventually coming up to a battlezone, the summoner wincing as he looked around.

Armored knights, and discarded, bloody tomes scattered the wayside....Yet, as he looked up to see yet another pegasus with a different girl mounted atop it...Even he could see the weight of the situation through his lust-tainted mind.

"She's outnumbered..." he called out quietly, seeing the girl lunge with a spear at a foe swordsman. Her lance pierced his throat, and he fell to the ground.....

Yet, as he fell, it seemed as if three took his place, wielding different weapons. One holding a long lance, another gripping a heavy-looking axe....And another pulling back the string on a bow....

"Est..!" Palla's voice called, as the girl peeked over in their direction..The boy getting a glance at her. Pink hair, short like Catria.....But, while her outfit was a deep red, she wore long boots like Palla...Though....

"S..Sister..!" she cried out, her lance working to parry an incoming strike aimed at her pegasus....Looking to be her only advantage on the forces on the ground....

"But...archers are strong against Flyers.." he called to himself, scowling. "Shit...Seliph! Faye! I need you to head forward! Catria, Palla! Go save your sister!"

A mixed group of affirmations rang out as he sat back..trying to direct them through a quick path towards their target.

"I won't let you harm my sister!" Palla's voice cried out as the soliders turned....a few nasty grins on their faces.

"Eheh...Look here. Now there's one girl for each of us." the lance-wielding one called...prompting a scowl from the summoner.

"Well, you can have pinky." the axe-wielder called to the lance-wielder. "I like my girls to have some more shape on their bodies, like blue here..."

"Oh, so I get the plain green one?" the archer called, starting to aim an arrow. "Fine.... I'm gonna have fun pulling on that long hair."

'Okay, now I just wanna puke..' the summoner scowled, glancing over at Seliph. He darted forward with his legendary sword aloft, but....

"Gah...!"

The summoner's guard had been let down for a moment, and when he looked back, Catria had been knocked off of her Pegasus, tumbling to the ground as the axe-wielder started towards her. Though she quickly gripped her lance to strike back, the blade of his axe cleaved the end off of it handily.

"Shit...Seliph!" the summoner called as he brought down his blade on the man's shoulder, tearing open a sizable gash with a swift strike.....

"Tch..stupid heroes.." the lance-wielder called, plunging his spear into Palla's Pegasus, which left a very sizable wound....Palla leaping off with a bit more grace than her sibling.

"I won't forgive you for attacking my sister like that..!" she started, raising her blade to strike back.....Only to have the man butt the back of his spear against her stomach.

"I'm not asking for your forgiveness.." he called, sweeping the girl's legs in another fluid move. "No matter how much you scream for it.."

The summoner visibly flinched at this...Watching Est's pegasus buck her off to dodge an incoming arrow from the archer.

"Iyah....!" Est's voice squeaked out, as the archer paced closer....Kicking her now dropped lance firmly out of reach....

"Oi, check this out..." the lance wielder called, as all eyes on the battlefield turned towards him, and Palla. The Summoner's eyes went wide as he saw the man's spear lift up the front of her dress, and a pool of liquid started to sputter out between her thighs. "This one's pissing herself!"

Palla's cheeks burned in shame as the man roughly jabbed at her waist with the blunt side of his spear, clearly doing her body no favors.

"I wonder if this one would too." the archer called, pulling back an arrow aimed at Est's head. "You know you'll end up doing it when you die anyways, so might as well give us a show, pinkie!"

Est's body quivered, and shook...before the man let his arrow fly....

It missing her head, and planting itself into the ground right behind her.

"AHHH...Ahhhh..." the pinkette sounded, before a trickling could be heard...and her own thighs started to glisten with moisture.

"Ahahaha! These girls are barely out of diapers, yet they think themselves warriors? How shameful!"

"Yeah. Wetting yourself in front of the enemy. Do you sluts have no shame? I mean, come on..."

The summoner scowled, gripping Brediabrik, and leering up at the jeering man now hoisting Palla up by her hair.

"STOP IT, you MONSTERS!" he cried out to the man, who barely afforded him a distasteful glance.

"Shaddup..." the man called, before turning back to his prey. "We're going to have fun with you, aren't we?" he added, turning his head to look at his comrade in affirmation....freezing after a moment, and suddenly dropping Palla.

The summoner started towards the green haired rider immediately at this, his view going from her fallen form.... to the lance-wielding man beside her.

'Okay...So, If I charge him and thrust my weight into his chest, I might be able to.' he planned to himself as he started to get closer, looking over at the man...

Just in time to see his body tumble to the ground....red trickling down the visor of his helmet.

"Ah..? What the..." he sounded incredulously, looking for what caused it.....Noticing....

A single arrow....aimed true...Right between the eye holes of his helmet......

Fired by the dusty-blonde villager, who's eyes held a cold, steeled expression of pure malice.

"You people disgust me..." she snapped in a low tone, Seliph's own distaste for them apparent in the archer's own marred body....Slashed almost to the point of being unidentifiable.

The summoner breathed a sigh of relief, before darting over to the green haired girl, reaching out to help her up.

"Palla! Are you okay?" he called out quickly, Seliph helping Catria up, and Faye assisting Est to her feet.

"I...I've been better.." she groaned out, wincing. "Are Catria, and Est okay?"

"Yeah...Yeah they're fine." the Summoner called, hoisting the girl up onto his shoulder. "C'mon...Let's get you all back to base now..."

"Si...sisters.." Est sounded, looking near tears as Faye helped her over...Catria managing to hobble her way over as the trio embraced...Sniffling, some of them soaked, and crying...But, relieved.....

The summoner had been anxious for the longest time, but as they all started back, he couldn't help but feel a sense of accomplishment...The group managing to pull through their battles with everyone intact....

'E..Even if their garments are.....' he thought, stifling another flush. 'Are.....'

..

No, he couldn't focus on that. Not right now....

....

"W..Well, we've left our...clothes with laundry...." Palla called out to the Summoner, wearing an oversized shirt at this. "So....I'm going to go take over the baths with my sisters right about now."

"A..Ah.." the summoner responded, finally feeling the aphrodisiac's effects waning, allowing him the ability to not think of them all stark-naked...rubbing, scrubbing, and otherwise touching at...various sensitive areas of their body. Not that he wouldn't still be thinking it. "O..Okay.."

"I'll see you later, Summoner." Palla added lightly, leaning down towards his ear. "Thank you for today. Hope you're as happy to see me again tomorrow."

The boy couldn't tell if she was teasing him or not, but he started to head back to his room at this, letting out a small yawn when....

"Summoner."

Faye's voice broke the near-silence of the halls, carrying a sort of box, and a bucket. The boy turned with a flinch at this, before glancing down.

"Do you...need help?" he offered, the girl shaking her head.

"Oh, Oh no..You don't have to.." she assured him, starting along. "Unless you want to carry along the whitewing's soaking wet dresses...and....naughty underthings...."

...

He hadn't quite expelled all effects of the aphrodisiac it seemed, as he blushed deeply and nodded, moving to help her lift it up.

"So..um..where to?" he asked the girl, who merely smiled and pointed in a vague direction ahead.

"Where we won't be seen, of course." she mused, leading him out of the castle....

And a far ways away.....Until he could hear the rushing waters of a nearby river......

"The moon's bright tonight." she called out to him, as she knelt down, and started to fill the bucket with water.

"Y..Yeah..It is.." the Summoner absentmindedly responded, as a heavy silence fell over the two......

....

"So, I promised you I'd help with that little...problem you have.." Faye added after a short bit, prompting the boy to flush.

"P...P..Problem? Wh..what problem? I d...don't have a problem! No, Honest!" he protested, starting to mentally plead with himself to keep his excitement repressed....As the girl turned her head to look at him.

"Lying is bad you know..." she leered at him, the boy's face going from flush to white in mere moments, as she started to move through the box.

"As the one on Laundry Duty..." she continued as if he hadn't said anything, starting to set out a few garments. "Responsibility to everyone's sacred undergarments falls to me. Though I would never think of pilfering someone's most intimate wears.....If a certain someone were to desire a bit for some naughty relief...Perhaps I could say it got washed away in the river, and we could...'find' it at a later date."

The boy paused for a moment, before blushing once more as he thought about it......The girl's eyes glancing back up at him as she started to pull out some key items.

"Perhaps....These oh so soaked spats." the girl started, holding up Palla's black shorts-like garments. "Held firm, and concealing over her thighs, and girlhood....Yet, in the end, they were tormented with her troubled tinkle-tank and are in a thorough needs of a cleansing."

The summoner shivered a bit, as the girl reach into the box again.

"Or, perchance, one would desire the clothes of someone smaller.." she added, pulling out a pair of pink, lacey panties....similarly darkened around the crotch region. "Form fitting, yet just as susceptible to spraying as any other garment. You could probably still smell her naughty scent if you tried hard enough..."

He quivered once more....As the girl then pulled out a pair of white garments....greyed around the crotch, and fairly up the back as well...

"Maybe one prefers the plain, but thorough approach.." Faye added, still wearing her casual grin. "Though she hid it better than her siblings, it seems they're less whitewings, and more...Wet wings, if you were to ask me..."

The boy blushed at the thought deeper, as Faye turned to look at him once more....holding up the trio of garments.

"Or...is there someone else whose garments you wish to....indulge in?" she asked...The boy flinching, and pausing...

'Is there a girl who's underwear I'd want..?' he thought to himself, feeling his body tense up. 'W..well of course..It's..'

The girl's eyes seemed to widen at this, as if reading his mind..Before hooking her hands to her dress.

"I'm sorry to say, but.." she mused, hoisting it up above her hips again to reveal what he knew he saw the previous night.

A perfectly shaven girlhood, creamy thighs.....soft-looking skin, all bare for his eyes to see...

"I simply don't wear any."

The boy's pants started to tent out wildly at the view, a bit of drool dripping down from his lips...As the girl let out a small...perky giggle.

"Goodness, you're an animal." she quipped, lightly. "Getting this worked up over a little view? Surely, you wouldn't be so satisfied with something like..."

"Do you need to pee again..?"

The words escaped his mouth before she could complete her sentence.....And before he could fully grip the weight of his words. He had lost himself in his lust for a few precious moments, and at even the slightest nudging.....

'Oh Naga, she's going to kill me..' the boy thought to himself, watching as the girl's eyes went from warm...to cold....to a strange lukewarm mixture of the two.

"You....want to watch me pee again..?" Faye asked, not quite sounding friendly....But, at the same time, not sounding angry. "Would you rather have that, than someone's underwear?"

The boy thought for a few tensed moments, before slowly nodding his head.

"I...If you don't mind.." he meekly requested..... Watching...waiting for some kind of telltale response. Would she comply? Would she rebuff him? Would she call him a creep, no better than the people they fought earlier?

"I...suppose I could.." she answered a bit oddly, adjusting her dress some more. "Just...do not tell anyone."

"I..I won't." he called immediately, as he watched the girl's eyes. They didn't shift from their middle-ground of emotions....Only glance downward as she, for the first time, avoided his gaze....

"Ah....Ahhhhhh...."

He could see a clear stream sputtering to life between the girl's lower lips...Spraying the ground beneath her feet fiercely...if not as powerfully as the night before.

Her puddle barely nipped at her own heels before it started to sputter to a stop, the girl's body shivering from top to bottom afterwards.

"Was...that enough for you?" she asked, a faint tinge of pink finding it's way to her cheeks.

"U..Um..Y..Yes..! Yes, it was.." the boy called, feeling his own face burning red, and his body demanding he mentally replay that scene over...and over again....

"Go..Good." Faye called, starting to dunk the girl's undergarments in the water. "Y..You should get back, before anyone wonders where you are."

"A..Ah...R..right.." the summoner called, starting to turn away from her.

"And.....Summoner.." the girl's voice called out, prompting him to pause, and turn.

"Y..Yeah?"

"Don't..."

"I won't tell anyone. Especially Alm." he answered quickly, the girl visibly flinching.

"R..Right..." she stammered, glancing down. "Please..Don't."

As the summoner started back towards the castle, she glanced back at the puddle on the ground, and the clothes she was to wash.

"He's....really...."

....

"Alright...." the summoner called as he made his way back to his room, his mind still burning with the image he'd just witnessed. "Now, I can finally deal with this, and go to..."

No sooner had he started towards his bed, did a thumping sound catch his attention, prompting him over to the door.

He opened it quietly, seeing a familiar, petite green haired girl, clutching a pillow.

"I had a bad dream..." Tiki's voice called, gently rubbing her eyes. "Can...I sleep with you tonight..?"

.....

'Well, not getting that relief tonight..' he thought to himself, before opening the door, and pulling back his covers.

"Sure thing, sweetie." he called, starting to lay down in his bed. "Make yourself comfortable."

"Thank you..." Tiki sounded quietly, letting out a small yawn, before immediately starting to doze off.

...

.......

"Gods, I wish I could sleep like that."

###

{Dangerous: Part 2, End]

