Michaela's Weekend

Author: pumpkinhead

*000*2011-02-26 09:16

So First off I apologize to the many people from AGD who probaly saw this one two years ago. It's pretty run of the mill wetting involving girls in their early twenties. Also I would like to point out that it was the VERY first story that I had ever ever written, so it's super cheesy and super self indulgent. apologies :)

Also if the mods don't mind me posting old stories from another forum, there is one more story from way back when I'd like to post.

Michaela jolted up in bed as her deafening alarm clock started to beep. She quickly silenced the alarm and rubbed her eyes, it was a little past 4 pm and she was supposed to meet her roommate Alyssa for a late lunch down the street. The two girls worked together as bartenders at a trendy nightclub nearby. Michaela didn't get home until 6 am that morning but tonight was the beginning of their weekend and she intended to put it to good use. Michaela crawled out from under the covers revealing her smooth tan legs, She was about 5'"7" and weighed around 108.

She ran her fingers through her shoulder length straight brown hair and started to contemplate what outfit to put on. After careful consideration she finally decided upon a skinny pair of jeans with a pair of red and white cotton boy-briefs underneath. She slipped a red bra onto her perky B cup breasts and put a nearly see-through white tank top on. She eyed herself in the mirror as she applied her makeup, she was a beautiful girl with smoldering brown eyes and all the guys always tipped her the best out of all the female bartenders at her work. She hurriedly grabbed her purse and threw some black flip-flop sandals on as she walked out the front door and towards the cafe two blocks south of her apartment in the middle of the entertainment district.

"Hey what took you so long girl? Didn't you get my texts? You were supposed to be here 15 minutes ago!" Alyssa said as she sipped on a cold beer at a small round table on the patio of the cafe.

"I'm so sorry Aly, I just woke up, came as quick as I could," Michaela replied as she took a seat next to her friend.

She had only known Alyssa for a little under a year but they quickly became best friends and there was nobody in the world she felt more comfortable around. They had met at Michaela's 21st birthday party at a bar that Alyssa used to work at, Alyssa was one year older and Michaela had always envied how cool and confident her best friend was. Alyssa always seemed to be in control of every situation and she intimidated every guy around. Today she was looking extra confident wearing a short white pleated skirt that showed off a pair of white cotton panties with little red hearts printed on them. She had on a tight pink and white striped polo shirt with a white bikini top on underneath. She only stood at 5 feet and 4 inches and weighed barely 105 but her attitude was as feisty as any girl could get, Michaela loved that about her blonde, blue-eyed friend. The two girls ordered a pitcher of margaritas and an appetizer plate of fried vegetables and began to discuss the plans for that night.

"We should check out that new club down on Mayberry Avenue tonight," Alyssa said. "It's ladies night tonight, we definitely wouldn't have to buy a single drink for ourselves ya know?"

Michaela smiled and nodded, "Sounds good to me, I'm kinda broke right now anyway. I think if spent almost 300 dollars the other day at the mall on new clothes."

"Sweet," Alyssa said happily. "Hold on a sec, I gotta pee like a racehorse, be right back."

Michaela poured herself another margarita while she waited for her friend. She started to have the urge to pee but figured she'd just wait till they were about to leave. She always had a good bladder capacity.

They drank at the cafe for a little over 2 hours before paying their check and heading 6 blocks west to the Avenue where all the nightclubs and nightspots were located. It was a Thursday night and the street was right next to the local college campus. People always started to fill up the street as the sun came close to setting; it was extra crowded tonight due to a college football game that just ended. The two girls were swaying slightly as they walked, feeling a bit tipsy from that pitcher of margaritas. For being bartenders, neither girl could hold their alcohol particularly well. As they made their way towards their destination a sudden urge hit Michaela, she realized she hadn't relieved herself in quite some time and the alcohol had filled her up to full.

"Hey Aly, let's hurry up and get into the club. I forgot to pee before we left the restaurant and I really need to go."

They walked a bit faster towards the club and could see that the line was ridiculously long, especially for how early it was. Michaela figured it must be since the place just opened up, but that didn't make her bladder feel any better. She stepped into the long line crossing her legs slightly. She could feel the pressure growing by the minute.

"I gotta go too, but it's not that bad of a line, probably be inside in 15. You can hold it," Alyssa said."

Michaela almost protested, but it would be of no use, her friend always had the last word whether she liked it or not. She looked around at all the different people in line to keep her mind off the growing pain inside of her abdomen. She usually was able to hold her pee for long periods of time; something Alyssa always had problems doing when she drank a lot of alcohol. Michaela had probably seen Aly wet herself a couple times now. The last time she witnessed the blonde having an accident was when the two of them were at the beer garden at an outdoor rock concert a couple of months back and all the port-a-potties were full. Alyssa ended up peeing her denim shorts in front of everyone, though she never made a big deal about it.

"Alyssa! This line isn't moving at all! We've been here for 20 minutes and I swear we moved 5 feet! We really need to find somewhere for me to pee, I don't think I can hold it much longer," She groaned and started to press her hand into her crotch showing the severity of her situation.

"OK OK! I have an idea," Her friend replied. "We'll just head around back to the alleyway alright? Quick and easy, no prob."

Michaela had a slight fear about peeing in public places, she hated the idea of somebody watching her but at this point it seemed like the best option. The girls made their way to the back of the building to a thin alleyway behind the nightclub.

"Oh no."

Michaela's heart started to beat faster as she saw there was a group of college boys hanging out on one end of the alleyway smoking. She was walking awkwardly at this point from the desperation, her hand still pressed up into her crotch.

"Aly what am I gonna do?" she asked.

"It's only a couple of guys, just set up behind that dumpster there!

Michaela started to breathe heavy. "You know I can't do that in front of people!"

"Oh you're such a princess sometimes," Alyssa responded, before heading over to the dumpster, dropping her panties and peeing right there on the asphalt.

The college boys start to point and whisper to each other about the hot drunk looking girl peeing only 30 feet away from them. Alyssa didn't seem to notice, or even care for that matter, but Michaela was too scared to pee there and walked off towards the front of the club. She got back into line and thought maybe it would start to move. She very visibly needed to go at this point and everyone could see her hopping up and down holding herself almost frantically. She waited another 10 minutes before she felt a quick shooting pain from her bladder. She felt a couple drops of urine drip into her underwear and Michaela bolted around all the people to the front. Her mind was racing with thoughts of not making it to the bathroom in time and it was almost too much for her to bear. She hobbled up to the bouncer at the front gate and pleaded with him to let her in to use the bathroom. Alyssa came up following her a minute later and stood by as her friend pleaded her case.

"Look girl," the bouncer said. "We got a lot of pretty young things lookin' to get in here, what's so special about your ass?"

"Please," she pleaded, jumping up and down with her finger pressed up into her peehole. "I'll do anything, just let me in before these other people, puleeease!"

"Well..." he said. "Ayte, look, you show me your tits and I'll let you and your lil girlfriend in first ayte?"

"Are you serious??" she shouted. She couldn't believe she about to urinate all over herself and the bouncer had just asked for her to flash him in front of a huge line of people.

"You wanna get in or not cutie?" He smirked, unable to contain how proud of himself he was.

A huge wave of desperation came over her and she crossed her legs tighter. She bit her lip but knew she had to get in somehow or she'd end up having an accident right here in the street. She hadn't had a pee accident since she was in elementary school and she sure didn't want to have one now. She turned her head away and reluctantly lifted up her white tank and red bra, giving the arrogant bouncer a good look at her cute breasts. Sure she'd flashed plenty of guys before, but it was usually when she was ALOT more intoxicated than what she now was. The bouncer smiled and lifted up the rope to let the girls into the club.

"Have a nice night girlies," he said as he flashed a shit-eating grin.

Michaela started to hobble as quick as she could through the club looking for the bathrooms. Eventually she saw a sign for the ladies' room pointing up a flight of stairs and scrunched her face and groaned.

"Hey while you go pee I'm gonna go grab a shot at the bar, cool?" Alyssa said.

Just the mere mention of pee and alcohol made Michaela's bladder start to throb. She started to feel sick and began to ascend the daunting staircase. Her jeans were too tight to walk very fast up the stairs and they pressed down on her bulging bladder making it almost too excruciating to move.

"You can make it, you can make it," she started to mutter to herself quietly as she took each agonizing step.

She slowly worked her way up, as each step caused a violent shooting pain in her aching bladder. As she approached the top of the staircase she missed her footing slightly and stumbled forward just a little bit. A hot spurt of pee made it's way out of her and into her thick cotton panties. She started to breathe faster and jammed her hand against her peehole. She looked down quickly but nothing was visible on her jeans.

"Oh no, oh no, Michaela don't pee yourself, don't pee yourself," she murmured under her breath.

She took the last few steps to freedom before a sudden sight that made her grimace in disbelief; there was a line for the ladies' room. Tears started to well up in her eyes and she started to tremble in both pain and fear. Here she was, a 22-year-old woman and she was about to wet her pants like a little girl.

"Please, please," she begged. "Can someone please let me go to the front?? I gotta go so bad. Please, please, I'm gonna pee my pants."

She felt another spurt of pee gush out, this time a lot longer. Her panties couldn't hold the amount and a small wet spot appeared on her crotch. She started to cry softly and her mascara started to run down her soft cheeks. She pushed her hand tighter into herself as another jet of urine shot out, the wet spot starting to move down the inside of her thighs.

"Oh my God!" one girl in the line exclaimed. "That chick is like, totally losing it!"

The girl in the front of the line looked on in amazement and quickly offered her spot to poor Michaela. She quietly thanked her under the soft crying and hobbled as fast as she could to the open stall, trying to stop another spurt of pee from coming out... Another wave of desperation hit her as she opened the stall door and a spasm overtook any strength she had left in her bladder muscles. The stream of pee started to come out full force into her panties and jeans. Her young body was trembling as she struggled to unbutton her jeans but the torrent of warm pee was too much and she just cried harder, sobbing loudly in the echoing bathroom.

The pressure was overwhelming and she couldn't stop it anymore as the glistening wetness quickly spread all the way down her legs and onto her feet, splashing onto the cold tile ground. Her tight jeans became soaked all down the inside of her legs and from her ass all the way down the back. She sat down on the toilet and just cried until her eyes were red, in utter shock that she had just completely peed her pants for the first time since she was a little kid. She had never felt more terrified than at the thought of having to walk through the busy nightclub in pee-soaked jeans for everyone to see. It took a good 15 minutes before she got enough courage to get ready to leave the bathroom stall. She took out her cell phone and texted Alyssa to meet her at the front as fast as she could. Michaela then took a deep breath, wiped away some tears and made a beeline for the exit. She could feel all eyes on her as she left the bathroom and jogged down the stairs.

"Whoa I'm glad I'm not that girl!" She heard one female say on the way down.

Michaela felt her face turn beet red with embarrassment as she left the building, her head held down in shame.

"Sweetie are you ok?? Let's get you home right away!" Alyssa said as she put her arms around her trembling friend.

There was no way a taxi was going to pick them up with Michaela looking like she did so they cut through the back alleys to get to their apartment as promptly as possible, Alyssa holding her friend close. They got to the front door of their place and Aly turned the key in the lock and let her best friend into the apartment.

"Come on honey, let's get you cleaned up," She said as she led Michaela into the bathroom they shared.

Michaela sat on the shut toilet as Alyssa unbuttoned her friend's wet jeans and pulled them down to her ankles, revealing her cute red panties, still glistening with all the pee. "It's not so bad is it?" she asked as she pulled the jeans all the way off and tossed them into the bathtub.

"What are you talking about? I've never been more humiliated in my entire life," Michaela said quietly as tears started to form in her eyes yet again.

"Aw sweetie, don't cry, I hate it when you're sad. I mean, hey you survived, I've been there. And I bet it felt pretty good just to get all that pee out of your achy bladder huh? Didn't it feel good at all, feeling that warmth all over you?"

Michaela started to get confused about what her friend was talking about. Did she really mean to say peeing her pants was supposed to feel good?

Suddenly Alyssa stepped forward over the toilet where Michaela was sitting and smiled. Michaela could hear a familiar gushing sound and she looked down in astonishment as her friend released her pee muscles. The fresh urine jetted out of Aly's peehole and soaked through her little heart print panties, making its way down her legs and onto the bathroom floor. She pushed her hand into her crotch, causing the pee to soak the front of her white skirt as it cascaded downward.

Alyssa made a puppy dog face like a little girl, "Oops! I think I had an accident."

She leaned closer to Michaela and whispered in her ear, "Can I tell you a secret? I just love wetting myself."

She started to kiss Michaela's neck, and then kissed her on the lips, slipping her tongue into her mouth. She took her hand and pressed it into Michaela's drenched panties, rubbing her clit as she kissed her. She rubbed her harder and harder until the Brunette started to moan softly. Michaela didn't mind the wetness of her underwear anymore; in fact it started to turn her on as her friend caressed her with a vigorous passion. The smell of all that urine made Alyssa feel euphoric as she started to rub one of Michaela's firm breasts with her other hand. She massaged her friend's clit with more speed until all at once Michaela sprung her body back and cried out, reaching orgasm. She had never done anything sexual with a woman before, but Alyssa just felt so safe to her. All her recent pain and humiliation just washed away. She suddenly felt like everything was gonna be just fine...

PART 2 ###

Michaela awoke to the feeling of Alyssa nibbling on her ear.

"Morning sunshine, how are you feeling?" Alyssa asked.

"I feel fine," Michaela replied before turning over her body to look Alyssa in the eyes.

All the feelings of sheer embarrassment from the night before just washed away when she looked at her best friend. She kissed Aly on the lips and smiled.

"What do you wanna do today?"

"Well we don't have anywhere to be for a couple days, we could have a lil fun, yeah sweetie?"

"Like what kind of fun?" Michaela asked

Alyssa sat up and crawled out of bed. She walked over to Michaela's closet and started rummaging. She inspected all the clothing articles and had a look of solemn contemplation on her face.

"OK Michaela, I know you've never done any of this before so I'm gonna ease you into it. We're gonna play the game where you have to do what I tell you to do alright? But don't worry; I won't make you do anything too outrageous. It's gonna be fun. I have an idea! Let's go to the fair that is in town, it sounds like it could be good. But fiiiiirst, let's pick you out an outfit for the day!"

Alyssa picked the clothing items and dropped them onto the bed in front of Michaela. She had chosen a black push-up bra, a sheer white t-shirt with the logo of a local rock band on it, a pair of white cotton panties with a black bow on the front of them, and a short frayed denim skirt. She smiled and trotted off towards her own room down the small hallway.

The two girls took their time getting ready and eventually Alyssa came back into Michaela's room. She was wearing light pink plaid shorts with a white thong on underneath. Her small breasts looked especially good in a short pink shirt that showed off her pierced navel. Michaela noticed she was wearing the same white bikini top on underneath her shirt that she had worn the night before.

"You ready Michaela? If we leave now we should get there around 4."

"Ya I'm almost ready, just lemme go take a pee real fast and we can go."

Alyssa gave a little devious smile, "No sweetie. You get to do what I say today and I don't think we have the time sorry. You can go later when we get there."

Michaela was starting to figure out what this game was about but didn't say anything out loud. The two friends left their apartment and headed down a block until they found a taxi to take them to the outskirts of town where the fair was being held. It was a 20-minute ride and soon they were standing at the main entrance where the ticket booths were. They paid their 12 dollars each and headed towards the center.

"So Aly what do you wanna do? They have exhibits, and rides, and shows, ooh and we can get some funnel cake."

Michaela started to feel a little pressure in her bladder and turned to her friend, "Hey the bathrooms are over there on the corner, let's head over there for a sec."

Alyssa put her arm around her friend and pulled her in the other direction towards the food stalls, "Sorry honey but I really need to eat something and we should probably stay hydrated in this sun. We're right here by the food so let's do this first."

Michaela didn't like the sound of that, but figured she could hold on and didn't really want to break the game so quickly.

The two of them wandered over to one of the stands and Alyssa ordered them two large fresh squeezed lemonades and strawberry shortcake. They took the stuff over to one of the many wooden tables and sat down.

Michaela started to squirm as her friend handed her one of the lemonades, "Aly I don't think I can drink this, I have to go to the bathroom remember?"

"No no, you'll be ok, it's good to stay hydrated in this heat, and I don't want you to get sick, ya know? I'm just looking out for you. Besides, you have to do what I say, and if you finish all of it I'll take you to the toilets ok?"

"You promise?"

"Sure I do."

Michaela reluctantly slurped down the drink. As she finished a little over half of it, she could feel her bladder start to ache and found each sip to be harder and harder to take down. Alyssa finished her drink and smiled watching her friend struggle to consume the beverage.

"OK, OK, OK, I'm done with it now take me the bathroom."

"Aw, alright sweetie let's go."

Alyssa took her hand and start skipping towards the bathrooms when she noticed a sign for the Haunted House and changed course. She very forcefully tried to drag Michaela towards the attraction but she stopped dead in her tracks.

"No! You promised me I could go to the bathroom now! I really must go! I know what you're trying to do, make me wet myself! Look, I'll play your little command game but PLEASE don't make me pee myself in public, I REALLY don't wanna do that again. Please."

"Don't be such a little baby Michaela. If you care about me you'll do what I say! And after the haunted house I really promise that I will take you to the bathrooms OK? Pinky swears!"

"No lies this time!! I really don't know if I can hold it that long though..."

"I know you can hold it Michaela, I believe in you. Now come on I wanna see the haunted house!"

Michaela was not excited about having to hold it much longer but went along with her friend to the attraction. Her bladder still felt sore from holding it so long the night before and she didn't think she would last too long. The two of them got their tickets and entered the haunted house. The place was a big barn that had been sectioned off into different rooms where fair employees dressed up as scary creatures and terrorized the guests. They entered the first room and found a woman dressed like a witch cackling and stirring a big cauldron in the center. Alyssa took Michaela's hand as they happily walked into the next room.

As they got through to one of the center rooms it suddenly became very dark and a fog machine covered the place in a light mist. Michaela was walking slowly darting her eyes back and forth to try and see in the low light. Suddenly a hand reached out and grabbed Michaela on the shoulder. Alyssa saw the figure behind them and let go of Michaela's hand before jumping back a couple feet. Michaela gasped and felt a hot spurt of pee rush out of her and into her panties. The liquid was just enough to drip down her leg a little bit before she jammed her hand into her crotch and managed to stop the flow. The figure that had grabbed her stepped back into the shadows from where it came and the two girls quickly darted out into the next room.

"Oh shit, I wet my panties a little bit. Crap that was scary. Can we get out of here now? I'm gonna have an accident!"

Alyssa had a smile on her face in the dark, "sure we can go...but that means we still have to find our way out through the rest of the rooms."

Michaela cringed and exhaled deeply before starting to walk faster out of there. The slight release made the pressure on her bladder feel a little bit less, but she still really needed to go. They walked through a dark corridor and started to hear a loud recording of a ghastly laugh playing from the speakers above them. Michaela was looking to one side when out of nowhere a man in a mask popped out and growled menacingly right into her face. She shrieked and jumped backwards, slamming her back into the wall, causing her to drop down to her knees. She tried to catch her breath when she realized she was peeing.

She had gotten so scared she hadn't even noticed the fresh urine that exploded out of her and had begun to run like a river out of her underwear and down her legs. Her skirt was so tight against her body that it couldn't help but get drenched with the pee that ran down her. It started to pool around her knees, but she was still too shaken up to move. She sat there and peed for what seemed like forever. A couple tears started to form in the corners of her eyes, but she stopped herself from crying and stood up. She dashed out of the rest of the rooms and finally made her way to the Haunted house exit where Alyssa seemed to be waiting for her already.

"Michaela.... whoa what happened? Did you get really scared in there? Your skirt is soaked."

"Oh my god Aly, Oh my god, I can't believe I just peed my pants in there, I can't believe I just did that. Holy crap, where were you?"

"Oh I dunno, I guess I got a little bit ahead of you. It's OK...let's get you cleaned up OK?

Alyssa went to a nearby booth that was selling novelty tie-dye shirts and bought a large one for Michaela.

"Here, this'll be long enough to cover your skirt so nobody can tell k?"

Michaela's face was bright red and she felt funny standing there at the fair in wet clothes and quickly put the T-shirt on. She felt ashamed of what just happened, but not like she had felt the night before. Strangely the wetness also made her feel a bit naughty, she was confused as to whether she felt good or bad about what had just occurred. Alyssa suggested they try out the tilt-a-whirl and she agreed to go on it with her. The ride was one where it spun you around about 30 feet in the air while also spinning you almost vertically. They paid the ticket fee and hopped on. The ride lifted them into air and started to twirl around and around.

"Hey Michaela?"

"Yeah, Alyssa?"

"You really are my best friend you know that?"

"Of course I know that, you're my best friend too."

Alyssa smiled and amidst the twirling took Michaela's hand and put it on the crotch of her shorts against her peehole. Michaela looked down and noticed a wet spot appear. Alyssa closed her eyes and the wet spot started to grow and grow as they spun around and around and around. Her pink plaid shorts turned darker as the pee soaked right through the thin material. Aly's pee started to form a small pool underneath her ass and Michaela felt the warmth jetting out against her hand. Her underwear was clearly visible under the shorts and Alyssa sighed in happiness. It ran down Alyssa's legs and Michaela started to rub her beneath the drenched shorts. They kissed each other on the lips as the fair's firework display started to explode in the sky in front of them. They were going to be best friends for a very long time.

*004*2011-03-03 03:21

{{:

I remember reading this a long time ago to, personally really like it!

This was your first story also? It's very good for your first effort like Ranpalan said, in my opinion.

}}

It was the very first one, Thanks so much :)

