Kingdom Hearts Omorashi - Kairi

Author: Haruko

*000*2011-11-24 00:32

Ok, so I was inspired while playing Kingdom Hearts and it crossed my mind closer to the end when Sora found out Kairi's heart was inside him the whole time, "hmmm... if Kairi's heart was with Sora, then Kairi must not have been able to go to the bathroom all this time." My theory was that because she was "sleeping" according to Maleficent and Riku, her kidneys must have still been able to function and fill her bladder.

So yeah... here's the fanfiction that tells that story, enjoy!

WARNING: Kairi doesn't exactly have an accident, but she still doesn't make it to a bathroom. Read to find out !

Sora was disappearing. He had just released Kairi’s heart using the dark Keyblade and now he was disintegrating into nothing. When Kairi’s heart returned to her body, she realized what was going on and yelled “Sora!” but it was no use. Sora was gone... where, neither she, Donald, nor Goofy knew.

All of a sudden, Ansem, who had possessed Riku’s body, appeared. He was after the door to darkness, in which she was one of the seven princesses of heart that could unlock it. Now that the door had been unlocked with Sora’s effort to save Kairi, Ansem no longer needed the seven princesses. He now wanted to dispose of Kairi and Sora’s friends, Donald and Goofy.

Riku’s heart, however, was still there, although not in control of his own body. Just this once, he managed to find the strength to fight back against Ansem. As he struggled to fight against the darkness, he told Kairi, Donald and Goofy to run and expressed to Ansem that he would not let him hurt them.

“No, you won’t use me for this!” Riku strained to yell. “You gotta run! The heartless are coming!”

Kairi, Donald and Goofy fled, but the heartless were another matter. Sora had been able to get past them with his Keyblade, but Sora was no where to be found at the moment. Donald and Goofy would have to protect Kairi on their own.

All of a sudden, the trio was surrounded by heartless. It was then that Kairi realized she REALLY had to go to the bathroom.

“I guess with all this shock I didn’t realize I had to go.” She thought.

Kairi was likely that desperate because her heart had been out of her body for so long and there had been no one there to relieve her bladder.

“Guys, I have to go to the bathroom!” Kairi said to Donald and Goofy. Unfortunately, it was not a good time due to the heartless attack.

“Can you try and hold it?” Donald asked. “We’re a little busy at the moment.”

Kairi told them she’d try. Kairi knew they would have to follow her through the castle in order to find a bathroom due to the fact that there were heartless everywhere.

The fight seemed to last forever because Donald and Goofy’s weapons were not working as well as Sora’s Keyblade had. Kairi’s urge to pee seemed to be doubling as the heartless continued to attack.

All of a sudden she thought she saw a familiar heartless. This distracted her from her bladder for a few moments.

“Sora?” She questioned.

“Huh?” Donald and Goofy said in unison, momentarily distracted by Kairi’s words.

All of a sudden the heartless Donald and Goofy had been fighting off charged towards Kairi. Donald and Goofy gasped. That one heartless Kairi had called Sora was under the heap of dark creatures with her.

Just when Donald and Goofy thought Kairi was a goner, a beam of light cut through the heap of heartless and both Kairi and Sora, now in his human form, were revealed.

“Sora!” Donald and Goofy exclaimed at once.

Sora thanked Kairi for bringing him back from the darkness. He said he had been lost and unable to find the light, but she saved him.

The trio finally found their way to the outside of the building. However, Kairi had to pause for a moment to try to hold in the contents of her bladder.

Not knowing what was going on, Sora asked, “You okay Kairi?”

Kairi’s face turned red as she replied to Sora, “I really need to pee, bad!”

Sora asked Donald and Goofy if they could find a bathroom for Kairi quickly before they left Hollow Bastion, but Donald and Goofy replied, “There’s too many heartless around here to be wandering around! We have to get to the Gummi ship!”

“But Kairi really has to go!’ argued Sora. “I have my Keyblade, so I can fight them off while we...”

Kairi cut Sora off as she responded to break up the fight, “I’ll be all right, let’s just get to the Gummi ship.”

She knew she was lying when she said that, for she didn’t know how much longer she was going to be able to hold it in, but by her logic it would have taken longer if Sora had argued on her behalf. She decided she’d rather wait for the next world than sit there for hours watching Sora, Donald and Goofy argue until she eventually had an accident.

The four friends boarded the Gummi ship and Kairi sat with her legs crossed and her hands clutched tightly between her legs beside Sora. Sora looked over at Kairi and wondered if she’d be able to hold it long enough.

“Can we use warp drive to get back?” Sora asked in a worried tone.

“Why?” Donald asked. “It consumes too much power and we have limited supply left. We might get lost!”

“I don’t know if Kairi is gonna be able to make it” Sora whispered to Donald, who then glanced at Kairi to see her fidgeting restlessly in an effort to hold it.

“Tell you what, we’ll stop at the next world” Donald said as the ship left the atmosphere of Hollow Bastion.

“But that’s Atlantica” Sora thought. He had no idea how this was going to work. After all, in order to enter the world in the first place, they’d had to use magic and turn into undersea creatures. And to be quite honest... Sora still hadn’t figured out how to go to the bathroom with his new anatomy from the last time they were there, much less if there were bathrooms and if so where they were. Because of this Sora became worried about Kairi.

As they arrived at Atlantica, Donald began to realize his mistake. However, it was too late to turn back. Kairi wouldn’t be able to hold it for much longer.

“Close your eyes.” Said Sora as they approached Atlantica. He didn’t want the sight of water to affect her ability to maintain control. “I’ll carry you, this world’s kinda different.”

At this point Kairi was very confused but she did as Sora asked. All of a sudden she began to feel the magic transforming her into her new form. Donald had cast the spell to turn them into their undersea forms. All of a sudden Kairi felt herself be submerged in water. She reached down to try to hold herself but to her surprise she felt scales rather than her skirt. This realization caused her to open her eyes and pee a little in the water.

“What’s your plan now Donald?” Sora asked.

“I dunno.... I wasn’t really thinking. I guess she should just go.” Donald replied, not really knowing what to say.

Sora swam over to Kairi and said, “It’s all right... Donald messed up bring us to this world but, I don’t think you could’ve held it until the next one, right?”

Kairi nodded and muttered, “So what do you expect me to do? Just go?” She was still trying to find out where to grasp to help her hold her pee. She was still desperately trying to control the little spurts she was releasing into the water.

“Well, I don’t think there’s much more you can do.”

“Ok,” Kairi reluctantly nodded, her voice having a nervous tone.

Just then the water around Kairi started changing color. Sora watched as the girl he had a crush on relieved her bladder in front of him. He was too turned on to panic about the fact that he had no idea how to hide how aroused he was when he was not longer human from the waist down. But he didn’t care. All that mattered now is that he was watching the girl of his dreams pee, and as a mermaid at that. Secretly, he hoped she’s be that desperate again sometime... for he wanted to see her wet as a human. He guessed that wouldn’t be for a while though.

When Kairi was finished, they returned to the Gummi ship. Kairi’s face was bright red.

“I... I can’t believe I just did that...” She said in a barely audible tone.

Sora managed to hear her and whispered in her ear. “It’s ok... it was kind of cute.”

*002*2011-11-25 02:12

{{:

Lolz! Frikin LOVE that game. Cool story. Stupid Donald has to get everything wrong. >_>

}}

Thanks for taking the time to comment. Gotta love Donald and Goofy. Donald always thinks he's right but he ends up getting it wrong (flashback to going the alternate direction pluto did in traverse town and failing to find Sora) and Goofy is just plain stupid ("We gotta protect the world border... uh yuk!") XDD

Now that I read over my own work again... I should do one about Sora's experience that was implied from the last time he went to Atlantica ;)

