Lunch at my friend's house (pt. 2)

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2024-04-07 20:11

I know y'all wanted to hear another story since the Lunch At My Friend's House one, so I'll give y'all another one with the same friend! (Replaced names for anonymity!) Call this one LAMFH part 2!

Jane loved mischief. She loved pranks and pulling them, especially on people she knew the most. This time, her friend Emily was the brunt of her jokes this time around, although unfortunately, she caught her on a bad day.

"Hey Jane, can I use your loo?" Emily asked, slightly fidgeting in her chair.

"I dunno...CAN YOU?" Jane smirked, feeling proud of herself. She noticed how quiet and fidgety Emily was all day and wanted to take advantage of it.

"Cmon, man, I need a wee. I'm quite desperate, too." Emily whined, putting a hand in between her legs. She grabbed her pussy tightly, her face contorted from the discomfort of desperation. Jane loved seeing her like that, because she knew it would end in a puddle on the floor...but Emily didn't need to know that.

Without warning, Jane started tickling Emily on the sides, making her roll around with both hands gripping her pussy by the lips.

"GET OFF, JANE! IM GONNA PEE MYSELF IN A MINUTE!" Emily shouted in between giggles. She was glad no one else was home to hear that, although it wasn't something she could think about in the moment. Suddenly, a few drops of piss leaked into Emily's white cotton pants and she found herself pressing her pisshole with all of the fingers she could manage.

Eventually, Emily jolted up, running out of the room with her hands in her crotch. She found the bathroom door open and smiled as she ran towards it...but not before Jane jumped infront of her, blocking the way with a smirk spread across her face.

"Does someone need a wee wee? Shhhhhhhh...hissssssss....hear that? Think about waterfalls and rain...think about all of that pent up piss in your bladder BEGGING to come out in those pretty little panties of yours."

Emily wriggled around on the spot, her legs pretzeled around each other, her eyes wired shut. Her pussy muscles ached, contracting so often that the piss wouldn't stop leaking through her underwear and dungarees.

"Please, Jane! Move! I-I need a wee!" Emily cried.

"I know you do, doofus, that's why I'm blocking the bathroom! But I guess you could go outside." Jane cackled, before going into the bathroom and slamming the door shut, locking it as she giggled away to herself. All Emily could do was knock on the door over and over, stomping and wriggling and grabbing her crotch to her heart's content.

Eventually, Emily found herself running back into Jane's bedroom and taking off all her clothes, whining and crying as she did so until she was left naked in the middle of the room, piss dribbling out of her. Her body shook, covered in goosebumps as her bladder ached for release.

"I'm gonna have an accident, Jane. Can you at least give me something to- oh, oh my god!" Before Emily could finish her sentence, she found her bladder giving up, piss spraying through her fingers. The hissing echoed around the room, the piss splashing on the wooden floor of Jane's bedroom.

"Hey pissy pants, did ya miss m-" Jane walked in to her room to find a nude convulsing mess pissing on her floor, watching Emily's pussy pulsate as it sprayed piss everywhere.

"I...I told you I'd have an accident..." Emily cried, holding her head down in shame.

Hope y'all enjoy this story! And yes, it is true 😂 well, mostly. I added the nude bit for sexiness lmaooo, although I did have an accident in my friends room after she blocked me from the bathroom 😭

*002*2024-04-08 12:54

{{14 hours ago, DespAndHold said:

Wow what an amazing story

And what a fun friend you had! I hope you got your own back on her…

}}

I unfortunately didn't 😅 I was quite shy then. Now I probably would! Although we don't speak anymore so that's wayyyyy in the past 😂

