Hermione's Shy Bladder

Author: Dale Miller

*000*2015-11-18 16:14

I've been trying for a long time to write a good Harry Potter (more specifically, Hermione/Ginny) story, and I think I've finally cracked it with this one. I've only written one chapter so far, but I am planning on writing another. This is set during Deathly Hallows, and I've tried to make it as true to the book as possible, but please do correct me if anything is wrong.

Chapter 1: Confidence

The escape from the Ministry had been a narrow one, and the knowledge that they would not be returning to the house at Grimmauld Place had been a huge blow. But they were, nevertheless, safe from harm and they had a Horcrux. Once Hermione, Ron and Harry had settled they began to calm down a little. It was only then that Hermione released just how much she needed to pee.

She had needed to go before they left for the Ministry that morning, but had not had time. Hermione had her bladder quite well trained, what with all her hours studying in the library at Hogwarts, but during her time in the courtroom that afternoon she doubted whether she would be able to hold it much longer. Then the escape from the ministry and everything that had happened since had been an unavoidable distraction. But now, her desperation had come flooding back with full force and very soon there was going to be a literal flood.

She looked at the tent in front of her and she remembered with a horrifying realisation the last time she had stayed in it, the Quidditch World Cup three years ago. The tent came fully equipped with a bathroom and toilet, so it shouldn't have been a problem, but for Hermione, who suffered from a very shy bladder, it was.

In recent years, she had taken to peeing in the Room of Requirement when she was at school, because she knew that she wouldn't be disturbed in there. If she were to pee in that toilet in the tent, with Harry and Ron only a few feet away, they would be able to hear every drop hitting the water and she couldn't bear the thought of it.

When they had been here for the World Cup, she had made Ginny come in with her every time so she could chat to her while she had a wee, and this had worked like a charm. With Ginny by her side she was able to pee comfortably. This was probably, she thought, because Ginny was so much more confident than she was, especially when it came to peeing. Maybe it was because she grew up with so many brothers, but Ginny would often pee with the door open at home, even if there were people walking past. In fact, Hermione had once been playing Quidditch with Ginny at The Burrow and she dropped to the ground, squatted and peed right there in the garden.

But Ginny was not here now. The more Hermione stood contemplating, the more agonizing it became. She was extremely close to having an accident and that could not happen, she had not had an accident since she was six years old. She was going to have to try and go.

She walked into the tent at the same time as Harry, Ron was sitting on his bed.

"There's a toilet in this tent, right?" Harry asked.

"Erm, yes" Hermione answered, trying to look as though she was trying to think, when she already knew full well "It's that little room over there" she indicated to the door in the corner of the tent.

"Good" Harry said "Cause I really need to go."

"Me too" Hermioned said. There was no point denying it, she was already holding herself and dancing on the spot, she couldn't exactly hide it.

Harry went into the bathroom, and Hermione could hear him peeing as clearly as if she were in the room with him. This made everything so much worse. The toilet flushed, and Harry came out looking relieved.

"There you go" he said.

Hermione entered the bathroom and closed the door behind her, the toilet right in front of her, teasing her. It was frustrating to be so close to relief and yet so far. She pulled down her trousers and knickers and sat down on the toilet seat. Harry and Ron were talking outside, this made it very difficult to concentrate. After two minutes of trying, Hermione had still achieved nothing. It felt like someone had placed their thumb over a hosepipe. The water was ready was spill out, but something was blocking it.

She thought if she sat here long enough, the flood gates would open on their own and she would have no control over it. This seemed like her best option at this point, but she worried then that Harry and Ron would be suspicious if she was in here too long. After four minutes, she abandoned all hope. She pulled her pants back up and did them up. She flushed the toilet and washed her hands, making it seem as if she had in fact gone. She stood up as straight as she could, and went back into the main room of the tent.

"I'm just going out for a bit" she said very quickly without any thought "Just for a look around."

Thankful she had not questioned them, she left the tent and just kept walking. She had no idea where she was going, she just knew that wanted to be as far away from Harry and Ron as possible. She thought of apparating somewhere where she would not be seen or heard, but thought it better not to risk it as it required much concentration, and right now she couldn't concentrate on anything other than needing to pee. Her plan was to find somewhere tucked away, however she felt a sudden warmth in the crotch of her trousers; the accident had started. She had no choice but to drop her pants and go right here where she was stood in the middle of clearing. There was no one in her sight, as long as she was quick.

She began to undo her jeans as pee slowly started to run down her legs. She hooked her thumbs onto the waistband of her jeans and knickers and pulled them both down and squatted in one motion. Part of her was disgusted at what she was doing, but part of her also knew that she no choice. The pee was going to come whether she wanted it or not. The relief on her bladder also made it quite difficult to care about where she was. The sound of her urine hitting the ground, the feeling of it splashing back on her bare backside and the thought that someone could find her any minute were all unpleasant sensations, but her desperation was over and that was pleasant enough to make up for it.

When the flow finally stopped, she used magic to dry her clothing that got wet before pulling them up. She used the same spell on her shoes, which she had also managed to pee on.

She made her way back to the tent with an odd proud feeling. While peeing outside had not been exactly fun, she never thought she would have the confidence to do it, not like Ginny did. Then a horrifying thought occurred to her. For as long as they were living like this, she would have to pee this way every single time. That was fine, but what if, for whatever reason, she was not able to leave the tent?

*006*2015-11-21 14:47

Alright, Chapter two is here and I'm really pleased with this one, hope you like it.

Chapter 2: The Dream

Having finally relieved herself, Hermione was able to think straight again. She began to go through every spell that she knew in her head, trying to think of one that would help her. The Muffliato charm she was sure wouldn't work, and her protective charms meant that she couldn't apparate within the tent. She was going to have to stick to this arrangement until she thought of a better idea.

She was walking back to the tent, with every bit of pride she had felt just a minute ago completely diminished. The tent itself, which should have meant safety, suddenly felt like a prison to her.

Over the next few days she had the whole routine down to a fine art. She would wait until she was absolutely bursting, and then go. She did this so that she didn't have to go out as often as she didn't want Harry and Ron to be suspicious. She had made up some story about wanting to check the surrounding areas for any intruders. Harry and Ron seemed to buy this, so Hermione had no problems. She would quite often go into the bathroom and pretend to be going to the toilet, as they were bound to notice if she didn't.

Hermione's only problem was trying to hide the fact that she was desperate. One night she had waited a little too long and leaked a little bit, causing her to moan. When asked what was wrong she had no choice but to tell them that she just really needed the loo. Which had then meant that she had to go through all the hassle of going into the bathroom, pretending to go and then coming out announcing that she was going to check the surrounding areas again. It had taken so long that by the time she stepped out of the tent she couldn't hold it anymore and just wet herself right outside the tent.

Of course, Harry and Ron never suspected a thing, but Hermione knew that it had been a close call and could not happen again. She could never forgive herself if she had an accident in front of them.

One night she had gone to bed needing to pee really badly, as she had not had the opportunity to sneak away. She dreamt about being in the library, studying all day. She kept telling herself that she needed to go, but she wanted to finish her homework first. She opened up a book and saw a long corridor on the pages. She stepped into the book and kept walking down, passing several doors, all of which had a female figure on it and the word Ladies written next to it. She could see a door appearing at the end of the corridor, it was the door to the Room of Requirement, she made a run for it, getting ever nearer to the door. As she approached, the door opened for her and there, sure enough, was a toilet. She was so relieved, but fearful. As she entered the room, there were Harry and Ron stood watching her.

"What are you waiting for?" Ron asked "You need to go, don't you?"

"Yes" said Hermione "But..."

"Well Hurry up then" Ron shot back "Hurry up and go."

"I can't go with you looking" she cried.

"Well then I guess you can't go" Harry said "Because we wanna see you pee Hermione Granger."

Ron moved closer to her, so that they were practically nose to nose, and he whispered to her "We are going to see you pee."

And with that, Hermione woke. It was light outside, and Harry was sat at the table. She must have slept all night. However badly she needed to pee when she went to bed, it was nothing compared to this. She was very surprised that she hadn't wet the bed, and in fact she felt like just letting it all out right here where she lay. Even getting out of bed seemed like it would be too painful, but she going to have to. If she wet the bed, there would be no way of hiding it from Harry.

She got out of bed, and felt her bladder ache as her feet hit the ground.

"Morning" Harry said.

"Morning" She replied. She was not conscious of the way she was standing, but it was very obvious that she needed to go badly.

"Ron's in the bathroom at the minute" Harry said when he noticed the way Hermione was holding herself.

"Oh, I'll just wait then" she heard her voice crack as she said it.

Every second she felt the pain get a little bit worse. She was going to pee any minute now, and however much she might have worried about Harry and Ron hearing her pee before, it didn't matter anymore. She didn't care. She was going to sit on that toilet and she was going to pee. Ron needed to hurry up so she could get in.

However, three minutes passed and Ron was still in there. She couldn't wait, she was going to have to do something. She was looking around the tent for something to pee in. She spotted a water jug in the corner. For a moment, she had her mind set on peeing in it, but couldn't bring herself to do it. To pee in front of Harry like that? It couldn't happen. She was going to go outside, it was the only way.

"Oh for goodness sake" She shouted "I'm sorry about this Harry, but I can't hold it anymore."

She said nothing else, but made her way towards to the door of the tent, hoping Harry would understand what this meant and would never speak of it, but she was wrong.

"You mean you're going to pee outside?" Harry asked.

Hermione stopped in her tracks, freedom only a couple of steps away. Something about Harry saying this made it all too real.

"Harry...I...I have to."

It had started.

"But Hermione...you can't do that, a grown woman, urinating outside..."

She was peeing herself.

"Harry please..."

"I can't let you do that Hermione"

"HARRY!" She cried.

A wet patch was appearing on the front of her jeans, and it wasn't long before Harry noticed.

"Oh..." he said, but Hermione had gone.

She stood outside the tent, no longer able to control her own bladder. The dark patch became bigger and bigger as it spread to her legs and began to soak her feet. She didn't bother to pull her pants down, what was the point? She was already soaking wet.

Harry ran outside just in time to see a heavy stream running onto the ground from the crotch of Hermione's jeans. She started to cry but did not stop the flow, there was no way that she could. She stood for what felt like a lifetime, wetting herself in front of her best friend. Even after she finished, she stood for a long time not wanting to look at Harry in the eye. It was Harry that spoke first.

"Hermione..."

"Harry I'm...I'm so sorry you had to see that" she said, trying to hide her tears from him "I've been holding it since last night. Ever since we got here, I've been too afraid to go because...I don't know. I was embarrassed I suppose."

"Embarrassed?" Harry laughed "Me and Ron aren't going to judge you for going to the toilet, Hermione."

"I know" she said "It's stupid but..I can't go with you listening. I just can't."

"You think me and Ron stand with our ears pressed against the door every time you go in there? Of course not. We respect your privacy, and if you want me and Ron to talk extra loud every time you have to go the loo, we'll do that. Pee as loudly as you want. We'll sing if we have to."

Hermione laughed. The whole thing seemed incredibly silly now. She dried herself off and went back inside the tent. For the first time since they'd been in here, it felt like home.

*009*2015-11-21 21:21

{{:

This was really sweet! At first I thought Harry was a bit of a jerk, but then he was nice!

}}

Thank you! Yeah, that's Harry in a nutshell.

*011*2015-11-28 16:06

Hey all was thinking of doing another chapter of this story would anyone be interested?

*014*2015-11-28 18:41

Just finished the third chapter, and it's a little different. Hope you like it.

Chapter 3: How She Does It

Hermione, Ron and Harry talked about the whole ordeal over breakfast and finally Hermione was able to laugh at how ridiculous she had been. She wasn't even embarrassed any more, in fact she had gone into the toilet and been able to pee without any trouble.

"I want to know how Ginny does it though" Hermione said.

"Does what?" Ron asked, with a slightly concerned look on his face.

"Pee the way she does" Hermione said "She seems to be able to pee just about anywhere."

"Oh, yeah" Ron said, it was obvious that he didn't really want to be talking about his own sister urinating "She's been like that since she was really young. I remember how that started, actually. When we were little we used to dare each other to do stupid stuff. Bill and Percy not so much because Bill was older and Percy was, well...Percy.

But we would make each other do things like levitating stuff around the kitchen while mum was cooking or hiding dad's glasses when he took them off. One day Fred dared Ginny to wet herself and she did. She didn't argue, she didn't complain about having to do it, she didn't even hesitate she just did it. Charlie disapproved and stopped getting involved, but Fred, George and me found it hilarious.

So we started daring her to do all the dares involving wee. If we had company, for example, we would dare her to wet herself in front of everyone. When mum left the kitchen we would get her to wee on the floor and then clean it up before mum got back. We even dared her to drink her own wee once. And she did all of them, happily and without any shame.

It got to a point where she would ask us to give her dares, or she would come into one of our rooms and say she needed a wee and asked us where she should do it. We got a bit bored of it in the end so we stopped doing it."

"But Ginny never got bored of it" Hermione said "That's why she would pee with the door open, or pee in the back garden in plain sight of everyone. I actually came down to the Gryffindor common room in the middle of the night once, and Ginny was in there alone peeing in the fireplace. She didn't even seem bothered that I was there. Just very bluntly told me that she really had to go and couldn't be bothered to go to the toilet."

Hermione looked over at Harry, who had not said a word for a while but was clearly in deep thought. She wondered whether this conversation was giving him ideas, whether he was playing out some kind of fantasy in his head. And then another thought occurred to her.

"Did you ever see her do anything like that, Harry?" Hermione asked.

"I never told anyone this" Harry said "Not because she asked me not to, more just because it's not the kind of thing you tell other people. But something like that did happen. Last year, you know when me and Ginny were together, we were walking through the grounds and she had been saying all day that she really had to pee. So she took me behind Hagrid's hut where no one could see us.

She told me to close my eyes and turn around while she peed, so I did. Next thing I know, I feel her put her arms around me from behind and press her body close to mine."

Harry wanted to express how he had felt in that moment, but thought it inappropriate to talk about being aroused by his best friends' sister when said best friend was part of the conversation.

"So she was hugging me from behind, I still had my eyes closed, and I felt her hold her body closer. Then I felt her start to get, well, wet. It took me a while to figure out why, but it was warm and it was running down her legs and mine. I wasn't sure quite why she was doing it, but I knew, in that moment, that she was wetting herself and, in turn, me."

There was a moment's silence where no one knew whether to be shocked, amused or disgusted.

"That sister of mine is balmy." Ron said.

*017*2015-11-29 18:47

I'm glad you both like it. I've written a final chapter which I think brings everthing to a nice close. I'm just fine tuning it at the moment, and then I will post the final result.

*018*2015-11-29 22:43

And here is the fourth and final chapter of this story. This is set much later in the book, so I will just give a spoiler warning for anyone that doesn't know what happens towards the end. Thanks for all the lovely feedback, I may be writing another story very soon.

Chapter 4: Learning from the Master

It was very unusual for the three of them to talk so openly about this kind of thing, it was not something they had really done before. But then again, they hadn't lived in such close proximity to each other for such a long period of time before. Eventually, the conversations about bodily functions ceased in favour of more pressing matters. Apart from the occasional acknowledgement of needing to go, they hardly talked about anything to do with peeing for a long time.

After the Battle of Hogwarts had ended and Voldemort had met his end, they were finally able to reunite with the people they had not had contact with for all these months, and the one person that all three of them were most anxious to spend time with was Ginny.

The four of them left the chaos that was the great hall and found a spot out on the grounds together. It had been so long since the four of them had just sat and talked. It didn't really matter what they were talking about, it was comforting just to know that they could do it freely.

"Look, I hate to bring it up" said Harry "But I'm really sorry about Fred."

Ron and Ginny looked at Harry with a sombre expression before looking at each other.

"Harry..." Ginny said "We knew from the start we weren't all going to make it. Fred was a fighter, he helped win this war. We couldn't be more proud of him. Honestly, I would feel more sorry for Teddy right now."

"Yeah" Harry said, as he felt his heart sink "I really should make sure he's ok, he is my responsibility now after all."

"Can we please talk about something else" Hermione said "It seems like a whole lifetime since we talked about anything other than this."

At that moment, Hagrid was striding across the grounds towards them.

"Ah, there yeh are!" he shouted, his voice carrying across the waters of the lake "I need yeh ter give me a hand with summat."

"What's that?" Harry shouted.

Hagrid had moved nearer to them so they were no longer shouting.

"Professor McGonagall wanted some people ter help move some stuff out o' the wreckage" Hagrid said.

"Oh, course" Ron said "Yeah alright, we'll come and help."

This was the opportunity Hermione had been waiting for.

"You go on ahead" Hermione told them "Me and Ginny will catch you up."

Harry and Ron did as they were told and Hermione and Ginny walked several yards behind them. Hermione had wanted to talk to Ginny privately since they'd been back in the castle.

"What is it that you want to tell me?" Ginny asked.

Hermione was not sure how best to approach it. She and Harry had been travelling together for several months, and Ginny probably knew that at one point they were alone together. She was bound to be suspicious and she didn't want that to play into it.

"I think Harry wants to get back together with you" Hermione said, thinking that would be a good place to start.

"Really?" Ginny asked "For real this time, though? He's not gonna go off and be a hero again and all that?"

"I think he really wants to" Hermione said "There were moments when he almost seemed torn up just at the mere possibility that something might have happened to you."

"I bet he sat and watched me on that map of his?" Ginny said.

"I saw him looking at the map" Hermione said "That was probably it."

"He's so predictable" Ginny said "So, what else makes you think that? Did he say anything about me?"

They had reached the topic Hermione was most anxious to discuss.

"Well, he told us a story" Hermione said "About...something that happened last year."

"He told you about the wetting didn't he?" Ginny said matter-of-factly.

"What?" Hermione said.

"I pissed myself all over the back of his legs" Ginny said, loud enough that anyone could hear.

"You're not upset that he told us?" Hermione asked.

"Why would I be upset?" she replied "Oh, Ginny has weird peeing habits. That's old news, even my parents know that."

"Well, you'll probably be interested to know that I wet myself a few times while we were away" Hermione said "And Ron told me all about how you used to do it on purpose all the time when you were little."

"That I did" Ginny said.

"Well, mine were all accidents" Hermione said "And what I don't understand is why you get off on it so much. I mean, it's humiliating for one thing. But it's also just downright unpleasant. You actually enjoy feeling it run down your legs? Having your knickers stick to your...well you know..."

"I do" said Ginny earnestly "Well, I used to. I did it for so long it just always felt comfortable. This last year I kinda lost my enthusiasm for it, to be honest. The way Hogwarts has been it has just felt like everything that was ever fun about this place was stripped away. If Hogwarts brought me no joy then peeing my pants definitely wouldn't."

"Well, listen" Hermione said "If that's what you like doing, that's fine by me. And, I think if you talk to Harry about this, you might find that it sparks your interest again."

"Really?" Ginny asked "What makes you say that?"

"Because I think Harry's interested in it" Hermione said "And I don't want you feeling threatened because there's nothing like that between Harry and me, but I started wetting myself in the tent one day and he could clearly see that I was wetting myself, but when I ran outside he ran out after me. And he stood and watched me do it.

And it was after that that we got onto the subject of you and your weird habits, and Harry seemed practically entranced by the whole thing. He's into it, Ginny. And as weird as it might be for me to think about whatever you two might get up to, it might open up a few possibilities for you both."

They had both stopped walking by this point. A silence had fallen between them and Hermione could tell from Ginny's face that her message had been clear. Ginny was contemplating something.

"Ok" Ginny said "I have this crazy idea. But I'm gonna need you to do something for me."

"What's that?" Hermione asked.

"How badly do you have to go right now?" Ginny asked.

"I don't have to go badly, but yeah I need to go" Hermione replied.

"Ok, that's fine" Ginny said "I have to go really bad and I'm gonna wet myself in front of Harry right before I ask him out. But I want you to try something. When I give you the word, I want you to start wetting too."

"What!?" Hermione shouted "No!"

"You've never done it on purpose before, have you?" Ginny asked "It's always been an accident. So how can you know whether you like it or not when it's always been out of your control?"

"I see your point" Hermione said "But how does that help you?"

"This isn't about me, this about you" Ginny replied "You helped me, now I'm helping you. I'll be right beside you, peeing at the same time as you, you'll be fine."

Ginny's confidence had always been helpful to Hermione. It had helped her with things that she never could have done on her own. And there was something about the way she spoke that suddenly made this crazy idea seem like a wonderful idea. She smiled at Ginny and nodded.

Ginny smiled back, and grabbed Hermione's hand. They started to run towards Harry and Ron who were way ahead of them now. They had stopped just outside the front gates.

"Hey Harry" Ginny shouted, causing both Harry and Ron to turn around "I want to show you something."

The four of them stood in a box shape, Ginny staring at Harry and Hermione staring at Ron. The two girls looked at each other, and nodded.

They released at the same time, and Hermione surprisingly found it very easy. Harry and Ron could not quite believe what they were seeing. Ginny's jeans were lighter in colour than Hermione's so her wet patch showed up much easier. It was obvious how much she had needed to go as Hermione finished peeing long before Ginny, and Ginny sighed heavily when her stream started. The two puddles that had formed around both girls was now becoming one as Ginny's was expanding ever outward. When Ginny finally stopped and her jeans were soaking wet they turned their heads to face each other once more and smiled.

"That" Ginny said, pointing at Hermione's small wet patch "Was for you!"

Ginny then turned to look at Harry.

"And this" Ginny gestured towards her urine-soaked clothes and the puddle of pee around her "Was for you. If you're interested in getting back together I would be very interested in doing this more often."

Harry grabbed Ginny and held her tight against him, trying to feel some of the wetness.

"I would love it if you did that more often" Harry said.

Ron was still staring at Hermione in disbelief, Hermione gave him a cheeky smile.

"You're just as balmy as she is" he said.

