Almost Home

Author: buggy2013

*000*2017-03-27 15:15

Perfect. That was the only word that Mason would use to describe this day. The beach had been warm, sunny, and not too crowded. He and Cooper had spent the day lounging on the warm sand, walking hand in hand down the boardwalk, and swimming in the beautiful pacific.

It had taken Cooper a little while to warm up to the idea of going swimming. Though he would never admit it, he gets paranoid about being labelled a typical American fatass.

In reality, Cooper wasn’t in bad shape. He was five feet and ten inches of lean, stringy muscle. The lack of that perfect ‘chiseled’ effect can make him self conscious. Mason thinks he’s beautiful though, and really struggles to get the other to see that he has nothing to worry about.

With his more slender appearance, and boyish clean-shaven face, many assumed that Cooper was the younger of the two. Mason was, in fact, the younger one at twenty-two years old. Cooper had him beat by three years. Standing next to bulky muscles plastered on a six foot tall frame and a face constantly decorated with stubble made that hard to believe though.

Mason smiled a little as he thought about how happy his lover was when he had finally been coaxed out of his tee shirt and into the warm water. They had splashed around and had a water fight like children. They had swimming races and a sand castle building contest, and thoroughly enjoyed having the day all to themselves.

Now they were packed up in Cooper's car as they drove toward his apartment. Cooper was singing to the radio and weaving through slower traffic. They were only about 20 minutes away, and were both eager to get there.

Mason sighed contentedly at the thought of soon being able to release his aching bladder, change into something more comfortable than damp swim trunks, and spend the rest of the night laying around with his boyfriend.

He stretched out and closed his eyes. He felt Cooper's hand searching for his own. Missing, it squeezed his knee and began a journey upward. Mason caught it before it wander too far up his lap. He locked their fingers together and mentally grumbled about the inconvenient traffic.

They had left the beach in a bit of a hurry, as there was a thunderstorm in the forecast for the evening. So when the clouds rolled in and the raindrops started to fall, the two packed up and left with the crowds hoping to beat the storm home. Cooper knew Mason didn't care much for storms, some trauma that he didn't like to talk about had left him with a touch of PTSD. Thunder happened to be a trigger and as mild as he claimed his discomfort with it to be, Cooper didn't want to put him in a bad situation.

It was looking like they were going to be successful in that plan, until traffic stopped. The two waited, and waited, and waited for what seemed like an eternity. Outside the rain fell harder, adding to Mason's growing discomfort. After a while with no movement, Cooper grew bored and switched the radio station and scanned for the traffic report station to see if he could find out what was going on.

The two groaned in frustration as a monotonous reported declared that the road that they were currently on would be out of service for several hours due to a massive pile up. Responders were going to do their best to re-direct traffic as soon as possible.

"Great, we're stuck! Seriously, what are we gonna do in a car for hours?"

As his more energetic boyfriend complained about the impending boredom, a throb from Mason's bladder reminded him that several hours is indeed going to be a problem. He must have shown his discomfort, for the usually oblivious man squeezed his hand a little tighter.

"Don't worry babe, I won't let the storm scare ya!" Cooper announced. Mason scoffed, but didn't respond. A little concerned by the agitated response, Cooper leaned over to give the younger a reassuring kiss. However, he was blocked from touching the other's body.

"You okay?" Concern filled the sea blue eyes as he waited for a response.

"I'm fine." Despite his words Mason flushed bright red. Cooper shook his head, seeing he was onto something.

"You can tell me, babe." He promised, not sure what to do should his boyfriend react poorly to the eminent storm. Mason knew Cooper was starting to overthink. It would be easier to tell him what was wrong than have him sit there and stress. His face grew redder as he fumbled for the right words.

"I um, I n-need to use the restroom, quite b-badly actually. I’m okay for now though." He dropped his gaze to his lap, completely humiliated by the childlike display of weakness. Mason was never very good at telling people what he needed, he’d rather take care of himself.

"How bad is it? Do you think you can make it home?" Cooper asked, quickly scanning the car to find a bottle or something.

"I'm fine, don't worry about it. Do you mind if I take a nap?" He asked, finding it to be the most convenient evasion available. Cooper shook his head and watched as Mason peeled his shirt off of his incredibly toned body and stuck it behind his head as a pillow, then reclined the seat.

He killed the engine and settled back to watch his boyfriend sleep. He felt bad for him. The younger man was very shy and private about personal things like his bodily functions.

"He must have to go pretty bad." He thought to himself. As if to answer the thought, Mason's hand snaked beneath the waistband of his swim trunks and grasped at his length. This was something the proud man would never do whilst awake.

He reached into the back seat and produced a fluffy beach towel. Gently, he covered the man, and smiled at his own heroic effort. He didn't want to see the humiliated look on Mason's face when he woke up in such a position.

Soon Cooper was forced to turn the car back on and inch through traffic with the rest of the displaced drivers. After about an hour of torturous start-and-stop snail pace, traffic stopped once again. As the he huffed in irritation he saw a blinding streak of lightning assault the skyline.

Of course, the resulting thunder was just as impressive. Mason flew upright at the deafening sound, panic flashing through the crystal- blue eyes. Cooper laid hand on the disoriented man's arm, and after a few deep breaths Mason returned his seat to its proper position. Cooper shot him a reassuring smile.

"You okay?" He checked. Mason nodded and looked around, looking anywhere but him.

"We've moved?" Cooper shrugged, pretending not to watch the younger too closely.

"Yeah, we're about 10 minutes from my place now." He stated in a carefully disinterested fashion.

Another 40 minutes came and went and Mason was in pure agony. There was no position that would silence the throbbing of his poor, abused bladder. Traffic had just started at a snail's pace once more, but it wasn’t good enough.

Mason secretly knew he wasn't going to make it home if something didn't happen soon. Cooper chatted idly, trying to keep his lover's mind off the storm and, well his other problem. It obviously wasn't working. Mason was fidgeting relentlessly, clearly very uncomfortable.

Cooper scanned the car for anything the poor guy could relieve himself into. Just as he came to the conclusion that there was nothing of use in the small car, traffic stopped once more. Mason groaned, desperation finally overpowering his pride. Not 5 minutes from home and he was about to lose it, the exit was literally right there. His tired muscles shaking in an effort not to embarrass himself.

Cooper gave him a sympathetic look, but then had what he considered to be a great idea. He grabbed the towel from where it was abandoned at Mason's feet, and folded it into a thick square.

"Mase, I know you're not gonna like this, but pull down your shorts." He instructed calmly. Mason looked at the towel, then back at his boyfriend and immediately turned scarlet at the thought of what the other was proposing. He shook his head vigorously.

"C'mon babe, I don't want you to be in p-" His sentence was cut short by a deafening clash of thunder. Mason jumped in surprise. A gasp escaped him and he clutched at his member, trying to stop the flow that began in his moment of distraction.

His chest heaved with labored breathing. It was all too much. He had to hold on, he had to get home. He had to get out of the car. It was too small, and the thunder was too loud, and the pee kept coming out.

Cooper watched as his stoic, confident boyfriend started to fall apart. With a sureness bred of the desire not to see his love suffer any longer he took action. Cooper pried Mason’s burly hands off of his package and opened the front of his shorts enough to stuff in the towel and wrap the leaking member in the thick protection. Mason's bladder immediately began releasing itself violently into the fabric.

Had Cooper been a moment slower the interior of the car would have paid the price. Mason collapsed tiredly against the seat as hours of urine gushed from him. He let Cooper's strong hands hold the towel to him as relief washed over him. He felt the warmth spread around his package as the endless stream soaked into the sort fabric.

He heard Cooper’s voice muttering softly to him, reminding him to breathe, and coaxing him to relax. His breathing slowed and he crammed the heels of his hands into his eyes to quickly rub away any evidence of his moment of complete panic.

As embarrassed as he was he couldn't help the groan of relief that escaped his throat as the final ounces left him. He wanted the disgusting cloth off of him, but couldn't ask Cooper to move it. To his mortification he was rock hard, member pulsing in a different way from before.

"Done babe?" He blushed hotly at the simple question, and nodded despite himself. Cooper removed now heavy towel and chucked it on the floor in the back seat. When he moved the cloth he was surprised to see the large organ beneath standing tall. Mason’s hands dropped from his face to his lap quickly, trying to hide the erection.

"So, you feel better huh?" He commented playfully as he returned his eyes to the road once more. Traffic had began to move again shortly. Mason tried desperately to will away the erection. No such luck.

By the time they pulled into Cooper's driveway he craved a different release, which disgusted him. He hobbled awkwardly to the door, trying to get a head start so he could lock himself up and recover. Cooper was close on his heels and before he could retreat very far inside Cooper had him pinned against the wall, kissing him nearly senseless. When the older man came up for air Mason moved a hand between them to block the next oral assault, though his cock urged him to let it continue.

"What's wrong, Mase?" Cooper whined.

"That was the most humiliating incident of my life. I'm absolutely mortified that you had to witness it, and now you must think I enjoyed it considering…" He growled, blushing hotly. Cooper chuckled, poorly contained lust bubbling to the surface.

"It was an accident babe, I'm not grossed out or upset. I just figured that letting go after so long must have felt awesome." He smirked mischievously and glanced pointedly at the man's erection.

"I don't have to take care of that if you don't want me to though." He ground his crotch against the other's teasingly, forcing Mason to bite back a moan of desire.

"I love you." He breathed, tension in his chest melting. Cooper smirked at the confession. "Love you too, babe." He assured. He slid down to his knees and tugged at the damp swimwear, secretly hoping he would still be able to taste the piss on Mason's cock.

