Megan's Sadistic Mother

Author: Ishigreensa

*010*2012-03-04 21:52

Chapter Three: Megan’s Sleepover

Megan’s seventeenth birthday had been a very special day which was set up by her mother without even a word to her daughter. Megan would have enjoyed it if it had ended at six o’clock.

Megan, Anna, Nicole, and Heidi had all been taken to an amusement park throughout the day. Jennifer, Megan’s mother, let the girls decide on everything together, but she wouldn’t leave them from her sight for even a minute and that meant that everyone went to the toilets together. That wasn’t a bad rule. It had not caused her any embarrassment or problems though Anna did pout at the idea of being treated like a little kid over it.

Finally, the girls all arrived at Megan’s house in her mom’s car for the birthday cake and the little party that was a surprise for Megan. Now, since getting the little changing table and furniture to go with it, Megan had successfully kept her friends from going into her living room, usually directing them to the kitchen instead or up to her room, and her mother had not done anything to cause her friends to need to go to the living room, so until this point, Megan had been able to keep her diapers at night a secret.

Now, however, she saw a driveway full of cars with not only her three best friends’ parents, but also some of her other classmates, the kids all in the yard talking about the party and preparing for Megan’s arrival.

“Hey,” Rick greeted his still standing girlfriend, and one of Megan’s best friends, Nicole. “We’ve been ready for you for about thirty minutes. What was the hold up?”

“Oh, we just had to do girl stuff, you know,” she smiled back at him.

Megan giggled at what Nicole said. Why was she being so secretive with him. It wasn’t her place to say anything though, so she let it go and went to the main table where they had prepared all manner of finger foods and fun party foods to enjoy. At the very end of the table, there was Megan’s beautiful birthday cake with seventeen painstakingly well placed candles ready to be lit.

“So, is it true the three of you are going to sleep at Megan’s house tonight?” Rick asked. This of course, grabbed Megan’s attention right away, and she looked over at Nicole for the response.

“Yes, it is,” Nicole said before she looked at Megan realizing that they had blown the surprised. “Oops. I guess it’s no longer a surprise,” she giggled. “Your mom had wanted to treat you to a very special birthday since this was your last year as a child.”

Megan looked down at the ground quite confused. She should be happy that her mom wanted to make her birthday so special, but she was also worried about her friends finding out about their nightly routine, and about the new rules that she had to obey. She also realized that it was a little past time, but maybe her mother wasn’t being strict at the moment because of all the guests and the party.

She walked into the house through the living room’s sliding door with the intent to use the bathroom, but to her horror, Heidi had followed her.

Megan turned to close the door, and she could see by the confusion written on Heidi’s face as she saw the new furniture in the living room, that it was the first time indeed for her to see or notice anything. Megan pulled the curtains closed immediately, and she gestured to the sofa while she went back through the small hall to the bathroom on the first floor.

When Megan came back, she sat on the sofa next to Heidi.

“Do you need to pee?” she asked her friend casually.

Heidi shook her head.

“Are you really staying the night?” Megan asked to make sure that explaining everything was a good idea.

Heidi nodded. “That’s what my mom said.”

“Then I guess I’ll have to explain. I might as well practice with you,” Megan gave a nervous giggle.

“There’s nothing to explain,” Heidi cut her off. “You wear diapers at night because of a problem. I don’t care.”

Megan looked up into her eyes to see if she could see into Heidi’s soul about what she really was thinking, but behind Heidi’s kind hazel eyes were only flashing peepers of friendship.

“I promise,” Heidi whispered to her. “I won’t tell anyone what I saw in here,” and with that, she got up and moved to the sliding doors to locked the glass doors. “The others can come through the kitchen to the bathroom or whatever,” she smiled at Megan.

Megan was grateful for her friend’s understanding, but she knew she’d have to tell Nicole and Anna anyway because of the rules. She called Heidi over.

“Well, there’s more,” she said with tears in her eyes even though her friend seemed to promise not to laugh at her. “I… when I wear a diaper, I’m not allow to use the toilet.”

“Why?”

“Mommy says it’s because if I try to do it myself, and make a mistake, I might fix it so it is too weak, and then it will leak all over, so she said that since it’s troublesome to remove every hour to check me, she would just check me at bed time and change me, and then change me in the mornings.”

“But you could tell her if you have to go,” Heidi insisted.

“Mommy says that… I’m… I might make a mistake and wet while trying to wait for her to take off the diaper, and she doesn’t want to be peed on.”

Heidi suddenly felt a little chill up her spine as she heard this. She knew that Megan’s mom could be strange and strict, but this was a bit beyond anything she thought possible. Was it because of Megan? Did it have anything to do with that day a couple months ago when she had wet her pants at school?

“Are you wearing diapers to school?” Heidi asked.

“No. Mommy says as long as I don’t wet there anymore, she won’t make me, and she talked the teachers into giving me one more minute to get to classes before marking me late because I’m immature and have an immature bladder.”

“That must have been embarrassing,” Heidi looked down.

“Yeah, but at least I don’t get scared about not getting to class now, and I can go between my driver’s ed class and my sociology class.”

“That’s good, I guess,” Heidi smiled. “So, are you going to tell Nicole and Anna about your diapers?”

“If they are staying the night, I guess I have to,” Megan whispered her eyes shining.

“Don’t worry. I know that Nicole won’t laugh. Remember, she wet her pants one day this summer too. I don’t think Anna would laugh either. Anna has been friends with Nicole for a long time, and she didn’t laugh when Nicole wet this summer.”

“I hope they understand,” Megan said breathing in a sharp intake of air at the thought of having her friends laugh at her and spread rumors about her.

“They will,” Heidi said. “Sometimes, teenagers just wet the bed. I think your mom is overreacting to the problem, but since it’s her rule, there isn’t anything you can do about it. Will she at least change you if you tell her you’re wet?”

Megan looked down and whispered. “Yeah, but it’s embarrassing to tell her I’m wet.”

“I bet,” Heidi agreed. “She seems a little bit too strict.”

Later that evening, when everyone had gone home, and the only people that were left were Megan’s three friends, Jennifer called all four of the girls into the living room.

“You all might as well see this,” she smiled at the three girls. “Megan needs to be in diapers at night, so I normally put her in one at about six thirty. It’s already nearly eight, so she might be wet. I am trusting you are her best friends, so if I pull down her pants and find her panties wet, I am sure no one will laugh at her?”

The three girls shuffled their feet.

“Good. Now if any of you have wetting accidents at night, I also suggest you use the toilet right now, and then I’ll diaper you too.”

None of the girls moved.

“I take it means none of you wet the bed?”

Nicole gulped whispered. “I have an infection.”

“And?” Jennifer asked looking her in the eye.

“I sometimes pee the bed or even my pants during the day because of it.”

“Then you can be next after I diaper Megan. You go ahead and use the bathroom first so we can try to keep you dry tonight.”

Nicole nodded, her face very red as she departed the living room.

Jennifer then looked at the other two young ladies, and they just looked at the ground. She smiled at them. “I am sure neither of you will spread this rumor around your school?”

They both shook their heads. “No. It’s way too much to think that your friend would say something about this. It’s just mean,” Anna replied for both of them.

“Good,” Jennifer smiled. “Now, you should go ahead and watch in case you feel sorry for one of your friends and decide to change them. I’ll diaper Megan first.”

With that, Jennifer put the straps on Megan’s feet to keep her legs apart and to put her in the best position. She then gathered the supplied before reaching for the waistband on her sweats and pulling them down to reveal some slightly damp panties.

“That’s what I thought,” Jennifer said matter of fact but not angry. “She had had an accident probably earlier this evening.”

Heidi blushed. Anna shrugged.

“So after you get her sweats off of her, just put them under here,” and she showed the guests where she stowed Megan’s soiled clothes, the pants in a large plastic bag and her panties in a pail with a plastic bag.

She then grabbed the diaper and with Megan lifting herself up, she slid the diaper under her seventeen year old child. She wrapped the cloth around the girl, and then pinned it in several places.

“If she wets,” Jennifer pointed to the rack with all the powders, oils, and lotions on it. “You can use this to make the diaper more comfortable when you change her. You may also use the stuff for Nicole.”

When Nicole came back into the living room, she saw Megan, her chest and stomach covered by her shirt, but only a diaper covering her privates. She seemed to look bull-legged and moved more like a toddler that way.

“Your turn, young lady,” Jennifer smiled at Nicole.

“Actually, I have some pull ups in my bag,” Nicole whispered.

“Well, if you wet the bed in my house, you wear diapers,” Jennifer looked at her with an unmovable jaw that let Nicole know that there was no argument. “You do wet the bed, don’t you?”

Nicole nodded.

“Then get on the table so we can diaper you. I’m going to show your friends how to do it because you are not to do it yourself. If I catch you doing it yourself, I’ll pin you in the back and won’t let your friends help at all.”

She then strapped Nicole’s feet down as she had Megan’s and she applied some lotion and powder to her privates before putting the bulky cloth between her legs. She smiled at Nicole and at Megan. “Okay, you two are almost ready for bed. Go on up and put on your night shirts, and you other two, I think I should have you drop your pants right here.”

Anna and Heidi stared at her for a minute.

“You heard me. Drop your pants, or I’ll diaper you anyway.”

Both girls dropped their pants, and to Heidi’s horror, she had one some stained panties from an accident at school last year. Jennifer, however, assumed that it was a dried strain from recently, and she looked up into the girl’s eyes. “You wet your bed, too,” she whispered.

“No, I…, this is from last year, one day at school.”

“I won’t hear any excuses. Your panties are stained, you get a diaper.”

“I want to call my mom!” Heidi said tears coming to her eyes.

“You can call her after you put on a diaper,” Jennifer said. “Do you really think your mom wants to drive all the way over here just because you are scared of a diaper after you are found to have wet yourself?”

Heidi looked down. She wasn’t even sure if her mom would believe that these were the same panties from that time. She had never wet since then, and her bed was always dry. She shook her head dreading what her mom would say if Jennifer told her that she had peed her pants.

“Get on the table,” she whispered to the girl.

Heidi felt like she was five as she climbed on the table. Her face blushed profusely. She laid there and Jennifer diapered her. She then went up to join her friends in Megan’s room.

Jennifer then turned to Anna. “Since you are the only one not wet or wetting your pants, you will have to take care of all three of your friends like they are babies until tomorrow morning, do you understand? If you don’t, then I’ll have to do it, and if you are not responsible enough to make sure they are comfortable by checking them, then I’ll have to put you in diapers too.”

Anna looked down. “What do you mean check them?”

“Every couple of hours, when you are awake, feel to see if their diapers are heavy, and in the morning, first thing when you wake up, check the girls and change them.”

Anna nodded. It was not fun to be the one that was put in this situation, but she definitely didn’t want to explain to her mom that her friends are in diapers, and that she was in one because she wouldn’t check them.
