Video Based Stories

Author: Empro

*000*2014-01-08 09:18

Hi :)

For some reason my other thread is locked but I am still going forward with my idea of writing a few stories using my favourite videos for inspiration. I have attached a download of the video I will use for my first story, sorry there aren't any screen shots I have no idea how to do that :P I have however provided a description below in italics of what the video is about.

Anyway on with the story!

Melanie's Desperation:

Girl pissed her jeans while waiting for bathroom_ copy.flv

The video is a very popular one, It is a spy cam video of a lady at some kind of train station (i think) and she is waiting for the toilet crossing her legs and holding herself. Eventually she ends up wetting in front of two other people also waiting for the toilet.

It was Sunday morning and Melanie was looking forward to spending her day shopping at the local mall. She woke up and got dressed, had breakfast and started her 10 minuet walk to the train station. The train usually takes about 25 to 30 minuets to arrive at the mall so she found a comfy seat and read her book the entire commute.

Arriving at the mall her first stop was to pick up a large iced coffee from her favourite coffee shop. She gulped down the drink and made her way to the first shop. Feeling quite thirsty and hungry Melanie decided it was time for some lunch. She went Mcdonalds and got a large cheeseburger meal.

After an hour or so of shopping Melanie found herself in the change room trying on some pants when she began to feel a heaviness in her bladder and knew she needed to start looking for the bathroom. Wanting to finish trying on her pants and buy the ones she liked she decided that she could wait 10 minuets to relieve herself.

Once she was in the line to buy her pants she could really feel all the liquid hitting her. Her bladder was starting to swell and sit uncomfortably against her jeans. And to make matters worse the line to the checkout was enormous. It took Melanie a good 10 minuets before she was able to make it to the cashier and she was becoming quite desperate as her bladder began to quickly fill up. Standing at the cashier with her legs crossed tight Melanie wished she had gone to the bathroom when she first felt the urge.

Finally she was leaving the shop and making her way to the nearest rest room, but to her horror when she arrived the bathrooms were closed for cleaning. Melanie stopped outside the bathroom door and gave herself a quick grab to regain some control before she started to find another loo. Melanie had barely taken 2 steps when the mall fire alarm went off informing all the shoppers and workers to evacuate immediately. Melanie could not believe her luck.

Melanie quickly evacuated along with the other shoppers and found herself waiting outside in the evacuation area, legs crossed tight wonder how she was ever going to hold on. Knowing that she needed the bathroom soon and not wanting to end her shopping spree so soon Melanie decided she would make her way to the train station and after relieving herself she would catch the train to another mall.

The walk to the station was horrible, ever few steps Melanie was forced to stop, cross her legs and give herself a quick grab just to stop any urine escaping her burning lady parts. She had the train station in sight when she had her first leak. It was a big one but just enough to leave a wet patch on her pink panties. Melanie not wanting to risk another leak decided to surrender all dignity and shove a hand into her crotch to prevent a fatal leak into her light coloured jeans.

Finally Melanie was at the bathroom but to her horror the toilet was occupied. Standing outside the toilet crossing and uncrossing her legs Melanie began to feel urine very slowly dribble and leak out .The urine slowly soaked her panties and left a small wet pants on her pants before stopping.

A few people had gathered around now and Melanie didn't thin she could be more embarrassed, that was until she let out her final leak. One large leaks that shot straight down her leg drenching one side of her pants. She knew she could now no longer hold it! She dug her finger deep into her crotch and held on with all might but it was long before urine starting steadily leaking and spurting out of her lady parts and straight down her legs.

By the time the toilet was finally free Melanie had soaked her pants and left a puddle of her urine on the floor. She was led to do the walk of shame the entire way home.

So hopefully you guys lied :) This one was a little rushed and I hope to do a better one soon!

It would be awesome if you guys can your own video inspired or even picture inspired stories to the thread, as i said I will be adding some more soon!

Empro

*002*2014-01-09 03:24

{{:

That was a really nice story, which I really enjoyed reading. One slight comment: in the following two sentences you wrote "was" where I think you ment "wasn't", which was a little confusing to me.

"It was a big one but just enough to leave a wet patch on her pink panties."

"She dug her finger deep into her crotch and held on with all might but it was long before urine starting steadily leaking and spurting out of her lady parts and straight down her legs."

}}

Haha yea you are right :P Damn auto correct -_-

*004*2014-01-09 13:18

{{: 

Your auto-correct changes "wasn't" to "was"? That sucks.

}}

I probably wrote wasw or something like that. The auto correct is terrible on my computer :(

