Pretty Little Liars FanFic (Series) - Page 3

Author: freepostage

*051*2013-08-30 02:44

{{:

Agreed, if the actors were actually in their teens I could understand your hesistation, but since they're older now I don't see any problem with writing scenes for the characters when they were younger.

}}

Yeah, to me I feel like they are in college so it doesn't bother me.

{{:

It's my guilty pleasure as well, I keep being teased by my sister for it. By the way, it doesn't feel like underage stuff to me at all, since Emily's and Spencer's actresses are older than me. Shouldn't the characters be 18 by now anyhow, being seniors and everything?

I'll try thinking back to scenes from previous seasons while we wait out the summer until October. This coffin scene just clicked something in me when I saw it yesterday. Thank you so much for responding, I look forward to reading what you write

}}

I think Emily is the only one who is 18 yet, but the others might be and just haven't had an episode about it yet. Either way, to me they are older since the actresses who play them are all in their twenties.

Thanks for helping with suggestions! I wrote up a draft of the coffin story so I just need to proofread it a bit and tweak any details I find important. I will warn it's a shorter Chapter but I'm going to add in a little twist at the end. ;-P

Also, your sister shouldn't tease you, those girls are all smoking hot!

*052*2013-08-31 21:30

Chapter 14: (spoilers if you haven't watched the summer season 4 finale yet)

More vindictive than ever before, A , their anonymous stalker, wasn't letting go of his/her hold on these beautiful girls. Packages began arriving at Spencer's doorstep, addressed to all of the lovely liars. The first package was a magic 8 ball with a teasing threat; the second was a child's coffin containing a doll that looked exactly like Mona, a former A team participant. The final "gift" appeared to be an empty black wooden box with silver knobs along the top. Of course the ever knowledgeable Spencer realized that the box only appeared to be empty and the illusion was actually a simple magic trick. With a quick turn of the metal handle the top of the box popped open, revealing a small saw that cryptically informing the girls in red ink that if they didn't find Mona by a midnight deadline she would "disappear" forever.

After making multiple unsuccessful phone calls in s frantic search to find Hanna's former BFF, the girls decided they had no other choice and took A's bait. In attempt to save Mona's life Aria Google searched upcoming magician shows in the area for any hints or clues. With a few simple clicks of a mouse, Aria discovered that the upcoming afternoon a magician was performing a show at a small park in Ravenswood. Ravenswood is an eerie town outside of Rosewood which would only take about fifteen or twenty minutes to drive to. Dressing for comfort on this journey, Emily wore a pair of red ultra tight skinny jeans, a grey tank top, and a white and black Letterman style jacket. Underneath her clothes Emily donned a a white and black lace underwire bra with matching panties. While dressing that morning Emily realized the underwear were almost opaque as she pulled them up over her thighs.

While driving toward Ravenswood, the four friends stopped at a 7-11 gas station for junk food snacks and extra large cans of Redbull. These ladies were going to need to be energized for whatever they might come across in the creepy, mysterious town of Rosewood. To be honest, the only person in the group that was really interested in magic was Spencer and lately she had been unbearably obsessed with finding answers about Alison's disappearance. The drive wasn't too far at all but by the time they arrived in Ravenswood Emily had chugged down her extra large can of Redbull. Noticing a fullness in her bladder, Emily realized she hadn't made a trip to the bathroom in a few hours and that extra liquid was starting to work it's way through her body.

By now Emily could certainly use a quick toilet visit but upon arrival to the park she didn't spot any signs for restrooms. Sighing, she tried to redirect her attention away from her internal need to pee and back to trying to save Mona with this magic show nonsense. While she definitely needed to find a bathroom before they left Ravenswood, Emily wasn't so desperate she was going to leave her friends to relieve herself. There was strength in numbers and she had an uneasy feeling that they were being watched. Besides, she had a decent bladder capacity for a girl of her size and wasn't worried about holding on, despite her recent accidents.

Suddenly the mysterious and somewhat creepy magician picked Aria from the audience to participate in a disappearing act on stage. Hanna, Spencer, and Emily were enamored with the performance, extremely nervous Aria was going to be the "girl to disappear" that evening. The magician moved his hands around in a quick motion, then opened the box to reveal empty, black space. Aria completely gone from the box. Little did these girls know, Emily was the one that was going to be disappearing that evening ... for good.

Before she had the time to take her eyes off of the empty black box, a blonde woman in a red coat wearing a mask quietly crept up behind Emily, moving with the swiftness of a cat. Still astonished by the magician's trick and anxious her friend Aria might be harmed, Emily was taken off guard when a gloved hand covered her mouth and put an arm tightly around Emily's throat. She fought against the arm and tried to escape but it wasn't long before her vision began to blur and fade. Blacking out from the lack of oxygen, Emily was unable to scream as the Red Coated woman (CeCe Drake, of course!) drug her victim away into what looked like a filthy deserted factory. Although her attacker had not taken her victim very far, Emily only woke up once she was placed inside of a wooden coffin.

Noticing her absence, Spencer called Emily's cell phone to ask where she had disappeared to while they were distracted with the magician's performance. Paralyzed with fear and panic, Emily shrieked into the phone "I don't know, it's dark and I can't get out! I think I'm in a coffin." A coffin certainly fell within the morbid theme of the evening, that was true. While her friends tried to discover their missing friend, Emily was in full panic mode, pounding her hands against the top of the coffin, wailing out pleas of help. Suddenly, she heard the loud noise of what sounded like a very large chainsaw coming closer and closer as she felt her confined quarters moving forward on a conveyor belt. Screaming loudly, Emily felt a spasm in her bladder and remembered she badly needed to pee. A small squirt escaped into her white panties as she feared her immediate death.

Still too anxious and afraid to focus on her body's need to pee, Emily barely noticed as her crotch grew warm and wet, pee splashing through her red jeans. Warm, urgent pee flowed from Emily's shaved crotch, soaking the crotch and back of her white boyshort panties. Unable to stop the flow as she fought for her life, Emily's panties became absolutely see through. Hot pee continued to surge uncontrollably out of her tortured body, completely soaking the butt of her bright red tight skinny jeans while Emily was unable to cut the flow.

For a few seconds she clenched her muscles tightly and the pee stopped but only merely seconds later a spurt shot out and the river of pee continued . A wet puddle pooled underneath Emily's body on the bottom of of the coffin and with each frantic movement she could feel her pee splashing beneath her. Although having another accident was embarrassing, the fear accident Emily was experiencing was the least of her worries now as the chainsaw noise drew closer and closer...

Emily's friends arrived in a panic and fought to cut the lock on the wooden coffin in hopes of saving their friend but to their dismay their efforts were not helping. Finally a mysterious second blonde in a Red Coat ran toward the machine that controlled the conveyor belt and hit a few buttons, freezing the belt right before the coffin was due to throw Emily into a gory death. Relieved in more way than one, once Hanna freed Emily from her confinement, the soaked girl sat up and took a deep breath, trying to calm her racing heart.

As she gingerly climbed out of the coffin and felt the cool air on her crotch, butt and thighs Emily realized she had completely soaked her red jeans while fighting for her life. The darkness was extremely visible, and when she glanced back into the coffin she could see a large visible puddle on the bottom of the box and smell the strong, sweet aroma of urine. While she was disappointed and a little worried she was having so many accidents lately, Emily really didn't mind this one all too much. The warmth had felt relatively good against her crotch and caused pleasurable tingles to radiate up her spine. At least she could relish in her momentary relief and pleasure before following her friends into A's lair.

*054*2013-09-01 00:02

{{:

This way absolutely beautiful, my dear lady writer.

Loved it

}}

Thank you! I'm continuing that chapter with a bit of a twist so look for the update soon. :) I'm almost finished with the draft but I've been really busy this week so I might not get to it immediately.

*056*2013-09-01 07:27

{{:

I love this all! One quick request though, if it's no trouble. Could you maybe write a desperation story about Aria when she's with Ezra? Like when they were together back in season 1? If not, these are great stories!

}}

Sure can. I have no problem with requests and I'm going to do some flashbacks from older seasons. Thanks for the compliment and idea!

*058*2013-09-02 06:34

{{:

Just wanted to thank you for this awesome thread. These are some of my favorite omorashi stories.

}}

You're welcome! I should have a new chapter posted within the hour. :)

*059*2013-09-02 07:06

Chapter 14 continued: This chapter takes place immediately after Emily's accident in Chapter 14. This chapter also contains spoilers involving the summer season finale for those that follow the show but are not caught up.

Below is a picture of Alison and the second Red Coat, whom the girls now believe is Alison.

Hanna quickly followed the second Red Coat up a staircase into an old apartment building, Red Coat stopping at apartment number 15 before disappearing. Now convinced this twin coat was Alison trying to protect her friends from disaster, Hanna led her friends into the apartment complex to discover. As the liars walked inside the apartment building they were shocked to discover A's lair, covered with walls of pictures and information about their lives and whereabouts. All of these young ladies were thrown off by multiple computers loaded with programs that couldn't be cracked by anyone but a computer genius. While the beautiful girls hunted through files in a panic they had no idea that they had company. Alison had cut a small eye hole out of painting so she could spy on anything that occurred inside of the creepy apartment, including her friends discussing their findings.

Once the group appeared Alison noticed that Emily had completely wet her jeans, a giant wet spot visible on the crotch, the back of her jeans, and down the back of her thighs. Ali smiled to herself, missing the days in which she would be able to tease Emily about this relentlessly, making her face burn red with embarrassment. Life was so different now, she thought, her only contact with her old friends being silent means of protection from their biggest enemy. Thinking about Emily's obvious pee accident reminded Alison of how desperate she was to pee herself. She had been so busy trying to save Emily in the factory warehouse and hiding from CeCe Drake that Alison hadn't found a safe place to pee without someone spotting her. The abandoned apartment next door to A's lair didn't have a toilet at all, just a taunting rust stain of where one used to be years ago.

Alison shifted, her black leather leggings rubbing together as she fought against her urgency. The tight elastic top cut into her bulging bladder as Ali wriggled around, occasionally sneaking a hand between her legs to help herself hold on. She would have to plan her escape very carefully to not risk being caught by the big A or running into anyone she knew including Spencer, Aria, Emily and Hanna. It was far too dangerous for Alison to be found and she couldn't risk being discovered just because she needed to pee quite badly. Looking at her options, Alison decided her best plan of action would be to wait until the girls were done snooping and then relieve herself into an old coffee thermos. It certainly wasn't a luxury toilet by any means but being caught in Ravenswood was far more dangerous than squatting over a dirty cup would be. Of course the floor was always an option but she was afraid the scent of fresh pee would reveal her peep hole and her convenient hiding spot to the Big A.

Letting go on the floor was far too big of a risk, although having an accident was risky as well since she was down to her last pair of clean underwear and leggings. Constantly being on the road undercover left Ali with very little opportunities to purchase new clothing or wash her old ones. Lugging around a suitcase was also difficult when she had to be ready to run for her life at any moment. Alison impatiently crossed her legs, internally fighting with her bladder while she waited for liar's investigation to end. She was now regularly bobbing up and down in a pee-pee dance, legs constantly crossed, wishing she could let go right at that moment.

Her hands kept her holding on but she was afraid the balloon of liquid in her bladder would rush into the metal thermos too quickly, creating a loud splash as her pee hit the bottom. Doing her best to be quiet as a mouse and control her filled bladder, Alison willed herself to hold on, taking deep breaths and reminding herself that she was in control of her own body. Rubbing her leather clad legs together and gently sitting down so she could sit on her heel, the blonde tried to remember when she had last peed. She tried with all of her brain power to recall but she had no memory of the last time she had voided her bladder. It must have been a very long time ago, that she was certain of.

Each deep breath caused her bladder to pulsate and while she felt like any moment she might explode, she refused to use the cup and possibly blow her cover. Sitting on her heel was helping her hold on to a small degree but that would only last for a short amount of time. She was now desperate to go, clenching her muscles tightly and changing positions so she could sit flat on the ground and hold her crotch with both hands. The change in positions shook her bladder and cause Alison to wince from the slight pain, but her panties remained dry.

How long were her friends going to stay in the lair to investigate? It felt like hours to Ali, and she cursed herself for not planning to relieve herself earlier in the day. Too busy spying and trying to be one step ahead of her enemy, she had failed to calculate her body's needs. Usually she had her day planned out strictly; eating breakfast early, a light lunch, a nourishing dinner and at least three bathroom breaks throughout the day. By now she wasn't even sure if she had gone once since waking up and at this point she was worried her orange polka dot panties wouldn't stay dry for much longer.

Standing up to check if the girls had vacated the lair yet, Alison noticed how heavy and bloated her bladder felt. Careful to not add any unnecessary pressure to her bladder she pulled the elastic waist band down lower so the top of them wouldn't cut into her bladder. After a few desperate squirms she took a deep breath and tried an exercise she once saw on this website with tips about holding on when you don't have a bathroom available. Trying to distract herself and concentrate on anything but her need to pee and how badly she wanted to let go, Alison started doing algebra problems in her head. It had been over three years since she had been in school but she still tried to keep her mind sharp by reading books and doing basic calculations. The distraction did help and she was able to uncross her legs and just keep one hand in her crotch to alleviate some of the pressure.

While the blonde was still desperate to go, her bladder gave her a little bit of a break and her urgency seemed to let up some for a few precious minutes. Glancing back out she finally saw the girls gravitating towards the door, Emily's soaked red bottom jiggling with every step. Knowing she would be able to pee in just a moment Ali felt like she was about to explode into her pants at any moment and stuffed both hands deep into her crotch, her bladder spasming hard. She pleaded her bladder to just hold on a few more seconds, she really couldn't afford to pee herself right now.

As she ripped down her leggings a short spurt of pee was released into her orange panties. Stuffing a hand underneath her underwear and directly onto her urethra, Alison willed her body to wait just a few more seconds. Placing the cup beneath her, she squatted down and balanced on one hand as she pulled her slightly damp panties down her thighs. The cup was directly underneath her body now but the girls were lollygagging in the apartment next door. Feeling like she was about to burst knowing relief was so close, Ali closed her eyes tightly as she used her free hand to hold her naked crotch.

Finally she heard the sweet noise of the door to the lair closing and knew she was finally alone. Before she had a chance to remove her hand, piss started shooting out, bubbling past her fingers and spraying onto her upper thighs and bottom. Moving her wet hand out of the way, Ali held the cup so it wouldn't tip over onto the floor and brought it closer to the crotch. She threw her head back in relief, feeling her bloated bladder shrink as the liquid was released loudly into the metal thermos. Her flow was hard and urgent, loudly knocking against the edges on the cup. While it was torture for her to hold on as long as she did, it was the right decision to wait based on how loud her pee was.

The relief was almost as good as an orgasm and her continuing release caused Alison to not notice the cup filling to the brim. Her pee started to overflow and run down the thermos onto the floor. Struggling to cut the flow, Ali realized it was no use and just let what was left in her bladder empty onto the old stained carpet. Finally finished, Alison stood up and was amazed how big the puddle was around the completely filled thermos. It really must have been awhile since she had relieved herself, possibly all day based on what came out of her small body. Panting, she pulled up her slightly damp panties and leather leggings, knowing she had to escape soon and find somewhere to dump her thermos of pee.

*061*2013-09-03 08:18

Chapter 15: This is a flashback to Season 2 (by request) to the episode A Kiss Before Lying

Aria and her older teacher boyfriend, Ezra Fitz, were still dating secretively despite her parent's wishes. Even Aria's friends weren't aware that her relationship with Ezra was continuing; involving anyone in on her secret would be risking everything, including Ezra's job, Aria's social life, and Aria staying at her current high school. There had been rumor among her parents that she might be sent to boarding school in order to protect her from her English professor. Although Spencer wanted the comfort of her friend for the evening, Aria lied and said she had made plans to meet up with a male family friend, Holden. This was all a lie, of course, and Aria quickly drove home to prepare for her date. Although she did enjoy the rush of craving a man of Ezra's maturity, knowing they could be caught and face serious consequences was giving her a great degree of anxiety. Trying to calm down, Aria took a deep breath and decided to make herself a snack.

Her mother surprised her in the kitchen, wielding a giant bowl full of freshly cut watermelon, donning a "Kiss The Cook" apron. Aria couldn't resist fruit, especially juicy melons, so she quickly munched away while making small talk with her mom. While the fruit was tasty and the conversation was lovely, this kitchen pow-wow wasn't enough to calm her nerves. Checking the downstairs mirror, Aria decided her outfit was sexy enough for Ezra to desire her but not so raunchy her mother would question why she was that dressed up just for a casual movie date with Holden. Aria had on tight white and black skinny jeans with a gold and black top featuring a skeleton decal on the front of her shirt. Pairing the outfit with shimmery gold heels and a chunky silver necklace, Aria made sure to wear a cute lace bra with light pink panties just incase her date with Ezra became intimate. Her outfit can be seen below:

Remembering she had discovered and confiscated a joint from her brother Mike's room, she bounded upstairs and cracked the bathroom window as she lit up. Aria coughed harshly, tears burning her eyes, not used to smoking weed regularly. It wasn't long before Aria felt decently high and mellowed out, so she casually threw the remainder of the joint out of the window and Fabreezed the bathroom until she was certain the marijuana smell wouldn't linger. Noticing her unbearably dry cotton mouth, Aria grabbed a cold bottle of Gatorade from the fridge and slowly walked to her car. While she definitely had a heavy buzz, Aria felt confident in her driving ability and only got lost once on her way to the secluded spot in the woods to meet Ezra.

When she spotted his silver car gleaming in the moonlight, Aria rushed to greet him with a passionate kiss. She gingerly climbed inside the passenger seat and Ezra smiled, happy to see his lover for the first time in a week. He held her gorgeous face in his hands and just stared for a moment, still overwhelmed with her youth and beauty. Sliding a hand up her silky black top, Ezra started kissing her neck, fragrant with perfume, and unhooking her lacy bra. Their purpose for this secluded meeting was to discuss their relationship, but their sexual desires got the best of the couple and within minutes they were making sweet, passionate love in the backseat of Ezra's car.

While Ezra moved like a sail with Aria's body, grabbing fistfuls of her hair and cupping her ample breasts, Aria was a bit distracted by her bladder. The extra pressure of Ezra moving on top of her reminded Aria of the copious amount of fluids building up in her body. Watermelon is incredibly juicy and the Gatorade she chugged on the trip over was not helping her bladder. Once their lovemaking was done, Aria wriggled back into her tight skinny jeans, cringing a bit as she zipped them up. They climbed back into the front seat and Ezra offered Aria a bottle of spring water. Parched from their sexy romp she took generous gulps, not thinking it would eventually hit her bladder and increase her growing need to pee.

The couple began an intense conversation about their relationship and what their future would hold, lasting on for a little over an hour. While Aria was trying to focus on her conversation with her boyfriend, she couldn't help but cross her legs. Her high was starting to wear off now and the more sober she became the more she realized she needed to pee quite badly. Ezra was off on some tangent about how their strong relationship could take multiple hits and still survive, but his girlfriend was tuning in and out, crossing her legs and fidgeting frequently.

Her need wasn't so intense she was willing to squat down next to Ezra's car and let go, but her urgency was growing at a decent pace. If they had been at a restaurant she would have already excused herself to use the restroom, but there weren't these luxuries in the middle of the woods. Pressing her thighs together, Aria began to fidget more frequently as her need grew. The watermelon juice, Gatorade and bottle of water continued to flow into her bladder, begging to get out. Very uncomfortable, the brunette started to bite her lip and clench her bladder muscles, torn between relieving herself and ending her date early.

"That's a silly reason to compromise my time with Ezra" Aria thought, deciding she could fight through the discomfort to spend more time with her boyfriend. Their forbidden relationship only gave them a few precious moments together and she needed to cherish every moment. Aria wasn't completely desperate yet but was distracted by the pressure in her bladder. She considered saying something about her desperate need to pee but felt shy mentioning it, especially when there was no restroom she could even excuse herself to.

Before long the conversation broke and the couple began pawing at each other again and Ezra started kissing his girlfriend's neck and sneaking his hands up her milky white thighs. While she wasn't against making love, Aria was extremely worried that it would be difficult and uncomfortable to have sex again with such a full bladder. Deciding she wanted to avoid intercourse, Aria unzipped Ezra's pants and figured he would gladly accept oral sex instead. Unfortunately for Aria, Ezra wasn't satisfied with her performance and wanted her completely.

As he entered her gently, Aria cringed, the extra pressure pushing against her bladder internally and almost becoming unbearable. Each thrust felt like she was about to explode and she held back what would likely be a fantastic orgasm for fear of peeing all over Ezra. Now absolutely desperate, Aria was holding on in her pee for dear life, praying that her lover would finish soon. Luckily he did and Aria was able to discretely hold herself between the legs while Ezra redressed and hunted for another bottle of water to quench his post-sex thirst.

At the end of her rope, Aria decided she would need to leave within the next few minutes. If she could hold herself she could probably last at least twenty minutes longer but doing so would be extremely embarrassing. Glancing at her cellphone, Aria realized she was going to miss her curfew if she didn't leave right then anyway. Kissing Ezra goodbye, Aria felt sadness overwhelm her as she stood outside of her car and watched his tail lights fade in the distance of the night. These thoughts were pushed out of her head as soon as her bladder spasmed and she had to hold her crotch tightly to keep from wetting herself. Doing an intense pee-pee dance, Aria realized there was no way she could wait until she got home or to the nearest gas station.

She quickly tore down her tight pants and pink panties, balancing one hand against her passenger door as she squatted down close to the ground. Taking a few seconds to balance properly, Aria practically exploded onto the ground. Her stream was loud and urgent, splashing warm pee onto her gold heels. Throwing her head back in relief, Aria sighed as she was finally able to let go of everything she had been holding in since she left home. A generous puddle formed at her feet, being swallowed up by the dirt. Her stream finally slowing to a trickle Aria finished peeing and looked around for something available to wipe with. Knowing she had no napkins in her car and too afraid of risking poison ivy to use a leaf, Aria pulled up her panties, allowing droplets of pee to be soaked up by her panties.

*062*2013-09-04 04:49

Since I didn't know I would gain so many readers I started rather late into the show so I'm going to do a series of flashbacks from earlier seasons. If anyone has requests feel free to comment here or message me. I do want to apologize by going back in time I might contradict things I said such as "never had an accident", etc. I don't think it will compromise the story much, though.

Thanks for reading guys! I'm working on Chapter 16 now.

*064*2013-09-08 12:44

{{:

Would you pretty please do one about Hanna after she came home from the hospital with her leg in a cast. Another scenario I would like to see involves all the girls. Back in season one all four of the liars were sentenced to community service, I would like to see them all be desperate but the officers in charge won't let them go. I'll leave it up to you who wets .

}}

Yes, those are both great ideas, thank you! I've been having trouble thinking of flashback episodes that would be fun to do. Keep an eye out.

*065*2013-09-08 16:42

Chapter 16: (flashback to Season 1 episode 11)

Hanna's outfit and panties:

After being brutally hit by a car that A was driving, Hanna wound up in the local hospital with a broken leg, bruised ribs and a damaged spleen. After an extensive and expensive hospital stay, Hanna was overjoyed to finally be in the comfort of her own home in her own clothes. The scratchiness of her green and white hospital gown made her skin crawl and the woman she shared a room with constantly smelled like body odor. To say there is no place like home would be an understatement. Hanna's mother, Ashley Marin, had attempted to make her daughter as comfortable as possible but Ashley was forced to suddenly leave town due to "urgent business." The actual reason for her absence was the handiwork of Detective Wilden, forcing Ashley to meet him at his secluded lakeside cabin for romance.

Ashley had made a deal with the crooked cop that she would pleasure him sexually to protect her daughter from jail time for shop lifting offenses, so she really had to be at his beckon call. Poor injured Hanna had her suspicions about her mother's absence the second she had been released from the hospital but wasn't exactly in the state of mind to be inquisitive. Although Hanna's father had promised to come over to care for her, the immobile blonde hadn't heard from her dad at all, not even a phone call. Mr. Marin was far too pre-occupied with his new family to give his injured biological daughter the attebtuib she needed and deserved. Thankfully, Hanna had a very tight-knit and attentive friend group; all of her fellow liars had shown up that morning to make her breakfast and set her up comfortably before they went off too school.

Rather loopy from the prescription pain medication, Hanna woke up in a foggy daze, noticing her leg throbbing with sharp, unbearable pain. She groaned and whimpered, disappointed the constant soreness was still not letting up. The thick leg cast around her leg was extremely uncomfortable, causing her sensitive skin to itch and chafe. Reaching to the cherry wood nightstand closest to her bed, Hanna grabbed a full bottle of water and chugged generously, her mouth dry and parched from her long nap. Noticing a cute little get well soon card Aria had doodled for her, Hanna felt a warm tingle in her heart.

Smiling slightly, Hanna changed the television channel and checked the time and updated her Facebook status to "Ouch." It was about noon now and while she somewhat remembered seeing Spencer, Emily and Aria in the morning, it was mostly a fuzzy blur. Her cheeks grew warm as she thought about how her friends had undressed her and helped her into the bathtub where they gingerly washed her body with a loofah. Thinking back to her early morning bathroom trip, Hanna recalled that she hadn't actually peed that morning, just bathed and brushed her teeth. Her full bladder was a little bloated with the night's worth of pee but she tried to ignore the urge and watch some horribly boring Lifetime movie.

Almost two hours had passed since she woke up and Hanna was growing rather restless. Wearing a navy blue hoodie with matching leggings over gray and white cotton panties that she shoplifted from American Eagle last summer, Hanna tossed and turned in her bed. She was cold, even with the pile of blankets on top of her. By now her bladder was really bothering her; she usually had to pee rather badly when she woke up and her need to pee was only growing worse with time. Hanna was not only full of pee but also weak from hunger so she decided it was about time to get out of bed and make a bathroom and kitchen pit stop. Sitting up, Hanna flipped her legs around so she could scoot into her wheel chair when she suddenly noticed her wheel chair was no where to be found!

Why would her friends move her wheel chair from her bedside, how was she supposed to get up to relieve herself? Hanna's crutches were also missing from their usual spot and as Hanna searched around panicked, she noticed the dark red lipstick on her mirror spelling out: "Missing something? Kisses, A" Dammit! Hanna shivered, both from the need to pee and the realization that her stalker had been lurking around her house while she was fast asleep. She felt absolutely sick to her stomach and sighed, knowing she was stuck in her bed until Spencer was coming over after school was out. Mona had also mentioned she would be stopping by but Hanna assumed it wouldn't be until later that evening. Relief was no where in her immediate future and this was starting to cause Hanna to worry.

Reluctantly laying back down on the bed, Hanna turned the television back on and tried to distract herself with a 90's sitcom rerun. By now her bladder was demanding her attention, throbbing in her lower abdomen. Frustrated with how close yet far away the bathroom was, Hanna noticed how full and balloon like her bladder felt. Started to fidget from the intense pressure of pee inside of her, Hanna slid a hand down her hard stomach to roll the elastic of her leggings down off of her bladder.

It was only a little past two now but she would hopefully be "relieved" from her bed rest around two forty five if Spencer didn't waste time flirting with her new boyfriend Alex that she met at the country club. The minutes crawled by as Hanna grew fuller and fuller, feeling quite desperate from not being able to let out her morning pee all day long. Knowing that she couldn't possibly go any time soon was making the sensation so much stronger, and the poor, injured blonde wriggled a bit, trying to distract herself the best she could until Spencer would returning. Cursing A for all he/she had done to terrorize her, Hanna slipped a hand underneath her blue leggings, on top of her underwear to give her crotch a quick, reassuring squeeze.

Noticing she had accidentally downed the entire bottle of water, Hanna groaned, looking at the clock to see only ten minutes had passed. In the hospital she didn't have to worry about her need to pee since the nurse had carefully installed a catheter, which was quite painful to remove but kept Hanna from having to use a bedpan. Hanna would kill for a bedpan right now, but frantically searching around her table side she found nothing close by she could piss into. Besides, how would she explain to her friend that she couldn't wait a few minutes and had to pee inside of a vase or a bowl? That would surely be far too embarrassing to admit; she was a big girl and could certainly hold her pee for another thirty minutes. Wriggling around, Hanna could feel the pee sloshing around inside of her belly, feeling heavy, urgent and uncomfortable.

A commercial for shower gel came on the television and the sexy redhead in the commercial splashing around in a cascade of water; each splash causing a surge of pee to climb to the surface of Hanna's urethra Biting her lip, Hanna took deep breaths and tried to not focus on the loud noise of rushing water blasting through her television speakers. It had been at least fourteen hours since she was able to relieve herself and even though during school hours she usually skipped bathroom breaks, there were definitely days she would come home absolutely bursting, surprised she hadn't sprung a leak desperately waiting in traffic.

One day her car ran out of gas when she was quite desperate to pee and Hanna was bouncing around like a maniac on the street corner while triple A brought her a gallon of gas. While the tow-truck driver filled her tank she wriggled about, puffing up her cheeks while the gas guzzled into her car. Once he was finished filling her tank she quickly thanked him, speeding off to the nearest pharmacy and practically knocked a woman over to get into a stall before she wet herself.

Trying not to focus on her bladder, Hanna realized it was 2:39 PM and Spencer should be arriving any minute now. Starting to get very uncomfortable and swollen, Hanna sent an urgent text: "Hurry up! I can't get to my crutches or chair and I have to pee so bad!" Anxiously looking at her phone, Hanna still hadn't gotten a reply even once 2:45 had passed and was long gone. Trying desperately to get in touch with her absent friend, Hanna called Spencer's phone only to be greeted immediately by her voicemail message. Angry about the inconvenience Hanna left a snarky, short message.

"Get here now, I need to pee! Like, right now!" Throwing down the phone and telepathically calling Spencer a bitch, Hanna started to think about what her options were. Was there any way she could hop to the bathroom? Maybe lower herself to the floor and scoot down the hallway? How would she possibly be able to slide down to the floor without injuring herself more? The questions sped through her mind and were overwhelming poor Hanna, who was already feeling anxious and overwhelmed about her bladder predicament.

Still hearing not a word from Spencer, Hanna called Aria begging her to please come over and help her to the restroom. Too desperate to even be embarrassed, she explained the situation to Aria, causing her kind friend to agree to leave her family function a bit early to save Hanna and her bursting bladder. Unfortunately, it would take another thirty minutes for Aria to drive from the restaurant she was currently at in Philly, but Aria really was Hanna's only saving grace at this point.

There was now a hand permanently glued to her crotch, massaging and kneading the material in a grave attempt to keep the vast amount of pee inside of her. This was pure torture; the pain of her swelling bladder, the uncertainty of her holding it, the embarrassment and consequences of her exploding all over her bedspread. "You can do this" Hanna murmured to herself, adding another hand deep into her crotch for the aid of extra pressure. Finally able to give her tightened muscles a rest, Hanna tried to relax a bit as she used the force of her fingers to keep the dam inside.

While Hanna could hold through the school day usually, her morning pee was always one that was rather urgent, even if she didn't have a lot of liquid inside of her. The first thing she did in the morning was take a long, relaxing pee, rubbing her eyes as she tried to wake up in time for school. Being deprived of this precious pee was growing far too much for her and she was beginning to shake, watching the minutes slowly pass as she waited for Aria to finally arrive. It was 3:15 PM now and Hanna was beginning to lose her patience as well as her bladder control. An intense spasm rocked through her body and she grunted, massaging her crotch until the bladder spasm finally passed.

Hanna's bladder twitched, sending urgent, obnoxious signals to her brain that she needed to find a toilet FAST. Brimming with pee, Hanna was squirming around underneath her blankets, squeezing herself to stop the impending flood. Feeling a tickle in her throat, Hanna coughed deeply and immediately regretted it when her fingertips felt the warmth of a small spurt. No, no, no she couldn't possibly be having an accident! Aria would be to her place very soon to help her to the bathroom, and although Hanna was embarrassed to be in such a condition in front of anyone else, she would be far more embarrassed to be soaking wet, dripping with pee.

Another spasm ran through her body and this time the crotch of her panties didn't completely soak up this short spurt, leaving a dampness on her leggings that she feared was visible. The scent of fresh urine floated up to Hanna's nose and she felt absolutely out of control knowing she only had a few precious minutes before there was a pee disaster all over her bed.

Knowing she had to take action, Hanna sat upright, cringing as the change of position put more pressure on her swollen, full bladder. Taking a deep breath, she extended her right arm outward toward her nightstand and kept her left arm on the bed. Balancing the best she could manage, Hanna put her uninjured foot on the ground and decided she would have to attempt to hop down the hallway to make it just in time. The blonde took her first hop and her bladder jolted when she hit the ground, pain cascading through her leg as well as her lower abdomen. There was no possible way she could physically make it to the bathroom in this position, due to both the condition of her leg and how unbearably desperate she was. Standing only a few inches away from the bed, Hanna's tortured body finally gave up the battle; a leak turning into a spurt, a spurt turning into a steady, hot stream.

Not even attempting to stop the constant stream as it erupted from her crotch, Hanna stood only inches away from her bed as pee ran in warm rivers down her the fabric of her thighs and onto the floor. The hiss of her pee was loud, drumming like a hail storm as it splashed onto the hardwood. The gray panties Hanna had on were completely saturated, her crotch warm as everything she had pent up inside of her bladder was surging out of her. The relief that washed over Hanna outweighed the thought of her having an accident at her age, and she had trouble standing up straight as pleasure tingled her wet crotch and ran up her spine.

The girl peed through her navy leggings for almost 45 seconds, the stream hard and constant, rushing down to the floor with force. A final trickle fell through her pants and Hanna stared in amazement at the enormous puddle of pee on the ground. She noticed how dark her crotch was, a circular pattern across the front of her pants, thighs and perky, tight ass. Hanna was so engrossed in the shock and relief of her accident she hadn't even noticed Aria standing in her doorway with her hand over her mouth, watching in disbelief as her friend had a full on accident only a few feet away.

*067*2013-09-09 00:41

{{:

Chapter 16 was beautifully written, you're doing such a good job of it

Just one tiny request, if you don't mind. Could you elaborate in one of the future chapters about the other liars' response to their friend having an accident? That stuff with Aria at the end was wonderful, and I would have loved to know what was going on in her mind when she was watching Hanna at that moment. Except for being sad for her friend, of course, is she excited? Does it remind her of her own accidents?

Again, thank you so much for your stories. Who would have thought Pretty Little Liars would become such a hot thread on the forums? (I shudder to think of what the cast of the series would think should they ever know about it...)

}}

Thank you for reading! I can always make a short continuation of Chapter 16 to add Aria's response. I'm working on the draft of Chapter 17 right now and it involves all of them so there will be more elaboration in that one. It's becoming a really long chapter so I might make it two parts.

I hope they never, ever know. :-p

*068*2013-09-09 18:21

Chapter 16.5 (short continuation following Hanna's accident in Chapter 16 by request of Shaggydog)

Hanna stood completely still, the rest of her warm pee running down her thighs and splattering onto the floor. The warmth spreading across her crotch felt tingly and the relief was absolutely incredible after holding her water in the entire night and day. It had been so long since she felt anything at all pleasurable, only the ruthless pain running through her injured body. Admiring the immense puddle on the floor and bringing her right hand up to touch the dripping fabric flush against her crotch, Hannah was surprised how absolutely saturated with pee her leggings were. Droplets of pee fell into her open palm and when she pushed a free hand against her bum more pee squished out of the fabric and ran down the back of her legs to the floor.

It wasn't until Hanna heard a small gasp a few feet away that her head shot up and she locked eyes with one of her best friends, Aria. Burning red cheeks, Hanna hung her head in shame, hoping her long blonde hair would completely cover her face. She started stumbling out an awkward apology, not knowing what else to say. "I...I'm...I'm sorry...It's just I couldn't...I tried. I waited so long...it's...wow." Hanna couldn't find the words to express how she felt about Aria witnessing her accident.

Personally she wasn't too upset about having a full on accident; it's just a little bit of pee that could easily be cleaned up with a towel and a load of laundry. While she was a little surprised to wet herself at her age, she truly held on for as long as she could without exploding. Involving Aria with the entire ordeal made a huge difference, though. How could she possibly explain this? What if Aria told her other friends? What if A was secretly video-taping Hanna's accident that he/she so cruelly plotted?

Aria really didn't know what to say in response to what she had just witnessed. Just as Hanna's crotch blossomed with the darkness of warm pee Aria had arrived in the doorway, letting herself into the house with the spare key Hanna's mother usually left underneath the Welcome mat. She had sped through traffic, running two stop signs and one red light, struggling to relieve her friend from suffering any more unnecessary agony. Unfortunately, Aria's illegal actions and dangerous driving had all been in vain and she was seconds too late.

Based on the enormous flood that her friend had produced, Aria assumed that Hanna must have been holding so much inside of her all day long! Somewhat stunned by her friend's huge pee accident, Aria was overwhelmed with a mixture of guilt and...a strange new interest. While she tried to justify her feelings of interest or at least place them in a correct category, Aria really could not mentally describe it completely. The guilt of not making it to the house in time to save her Hanna from an embarrassing accident made Aria feel terrible and she quickly put any other inappropriate thoughts on the matter to the back of her mind.

"Oh my gosh, Hanna, I'm so sorry! I tried to get here as fast as I could. I feel so horrible." Aria's voice was shrill and shaky; uncertain of how angry her friend would be. Hanna's shining blue eyes met Aria's and they locked for a short moment, the embarrassment slowly leaving Hanna's face. She felt both strange and serene standing in a puddle of her own water in front of her friend, especially now that her leggings were starting to feel cold, but the uncomfortable awkwardness had quickly evaporated. Accepting Aria's genuine apology, Hanna was grateful when seconds later Aria brought her shiny, metal crutches to the bedroom so she was able to hobble to the restroom to strip down and attempt to clean up her wet crotch, legs, and bottom.

While Hanna was in the bathroom squeezing out the last few spurts she had inside of her weakened bladder into the toilet, Aria crouched down on the ground of Hanna's bedroom with paper towels in attempt to sop up the massive puddle of urine on the floor. Using almost half of a roll of Bounty paper towels, Aria was truly surprised Hanna was able to hold so much for such a long period of time. While she cleaned and smelled the sweet scent of urine wafting up to her nostrils, Aria noticed she felt a bit of what she could only describe as arousal tingling in her crotch. It really wasn't a usual type of arousal, not something she had experienced before with Ezra or anyone else, but the feeling was exciting and lingering. It was just a short glimmer, of course; Aria wasn't necessarily into women and she felt especially strange thinking of one of her best friends in a sexual. Before Aria could explore her new, strange feelings more, Hanna called her name from the bathroom.

Padding down the hall to answer her friend's request, Aria opened the bathroom door to reveal Hanna standing completely bottomless, holding herself up awkwardly with her crutches. Her cheeks with a bit rosy again, but this certainly wasn't the first time any of her friends had seen her in the buff. "Uhm...I need new clothes and I'll need some help, uh...pulling the underwear up." Hanna was mumbling her request, distracted by the unusual look on Aria's face. It was an inquisitive look; there was light and wonder in Aria's big brown eyes, something usually reserved for longing looks at Ezra Fitz.

Hanna was extremely grateful Aria didn't appear to be judgmental or disgusted at all. In fact, Aria was selflessly taking all of the blame for the accident, apologizing endlessly, when really the mess was the fault of Hanna's strained bladder, unable to hold on for even a few more seconds. Returning to the bathroom with a handful of soaking wet paper towels to throw in the trash, a clean pair of white and black polka dot panties, and plaid checkered pajama shorts, Aria helped Hanna balance as she slid the underwear over her cast.

Even though Hanna had cleaned up with a washcloth, the smell of urine was still fragrant on her thighs and crotch. Her trimmed pubic hair held onto a few drops of pee, which Aria couldn't help but notice since she was crouched down with her face so close to her friend's private parts. Sliding the cotton booty shorts up over Hanna's hips, Aria allowed a finger to "accidentally" slip towards Hanna's crotch. Quickly pulling her hand away, Aria blushed again and apologized for the inappropriate touching. The brunette really wasn't one hundred percent sure why she had done that and her head was still swimming with all of these new strange feelings. Standing back up until she was almost eye to eye with Hanna (the blonde was a bit taller) and Aria looked at her friend for a moment, only silence surrounding them. There was an familiar twitch in Aria's crotch, the smell of urine still strong on Aria's hands.

She gently helped Hanna back to bed and continued stumbling out awkward apologies. By now Hanna was giggling about the predicament but swore Aria to secrecy. "I'll take it to my grave" Aria said, grinning widely. Still interested in what had just occurred, Aria started quizzing her friend, trying to pry a bit to get more details about her accident.

"I'm sorry it took me so long. Were you waiting for awhile?" Aria asked, knowing that of course Hanna had been waiting quite a bit if she produced that much pee.

"Yeah, seriously, I hadn't been since last night. I was barely awake when you guys were here this morning and Spencer completely disappeared. I called her a bunch of times but I think her phone is dead. We should probably try to get ahold of her sister to see if Spencer made it home alright. " Hanna wasn't feeling as self-conscious as she thought she would and was grateful Aria had been the one to catch her having an accident, not one of the other girls.

"Oh, wow, all night? That's insane. I don't know how you lasted that long. Uhm...did it hurt? To wait, I mean."

"Yeah, it did for awhile. I still feel really bloated and like I could probably pee again." Hanna said, trying to avoid eye contact with Aria. This was difficult since Aria's enormous brown eyes were glued to Hanna's face.

"Oh gosh, I'm so sorry I made you wait. I should have thought to take you to the bathroom this morning, I was so rushed trying to get to school. I promise tomorrow we'll take you in the morning and make sure you are able to get around. Fuck A, that prank she pulled was so mean."

Aria crawled into the bed next to Hanna and cuddled her gently, playing with her hair to help Hanna fall asleep. Once Hanna's soft snores cut through the silence Aria's mind went back to the accident she had recently witnessed and the strange interest and emotions she felt while watching. The rest of the day all Aria could think about was Hanna standing a few inches away from her bed, soaking her blue leggings with a flood of pee.

*069*2013-09-11 05:44

Chapter 17: Flashback to Season 2; Episode 14 (Through Many Dangers, Toils, and Snares

)

I am going to break this particular episode up into a couple of chapters/continued chapters following the same story line since this is going to be a long idea. There are a lot of details in this particular chapter that aren't necessarily omorashi based but are for story development and lead up to the omorashi in future chapters (drinking amounts, story background, health issues that increase the need to pee, etc.)

Warning: Desperation and small leaks only in this chapter for those that want to skip it; wetting and urination in the following chapters.

Pictured left to right: Emily, Hanna, Aria, Spencer

Tension is high as the liars are sentenced to community service after the police discovered the four girls digging frantically in the woods with Alison's murder weapon (a shovel). Of course this entire scenario was all a set up by A, a ruse to convince the cops that these infamous girls had killed and buried their former best friend. Because she is a highly prestigious lawyer in the town of Rosewood, Spencer's mother was able to get their charges lowered from a stay in juvenile hall to 30 hours of community service.

The ladies had to report to the state trooper's station at 7:00 AM sharp to start their punishment of picking up soda cans, cigarette butts, and Styrofoam cups left on the side of the road. Hanna was less than thrilled with the scratchy orange jumpsuit she would be forced to wear, dreading the loud honks from cars full of attractive, single men. Their parents had banned the girls from communicating or seeing each other for the past few weeks, believing that the trouble they were constantly in was caused by a vicious cycle of co-dependecy and bad influences.

Waking up so early was dreadful for Aria, especially on this particular day due to mental health reasons. When Alison initially went missing Aria's parents thought it was best for her to seek therapy since she was having regular panic attacks and often breaking down in hysterical, inconsolable tears. Her pretentious therapist, Mr. Johnson, had diagnosed Aria with General Anxiety Disorder and prescribed a script of Xanax, an anxiety medication, to keep her calm. Because Aria was too wrapped up in her own tumultuous life to even bother making an appointment this month, she ran out of her Xanax prescription the weekend directly before her community service sentence. Now without the calming benzo in her system, Aria was finding herself nervous, jittery, and absolutely unable to sleep.

The Sunday night prior to her punishment Aria was experiencing a horrible bout of insomnia, tossing and turning in her silky sheets until she finally fell into a light sleep around 5 AM. When she heard the blare of her alarm clock Aria groaned loudly, hitting the snooze button several times until her mother burst into her room, exclaiming they were about to be late. Without bothering to brush her teeth, comb her hair, or use the restroom, Aria climbed into the passenger seat of her mother's car. Graciously accepting the thermos of coffee her mother handed her, they set off on their twenty minute drive to the state trooper's office. Gathering her long dark hair into a sloppy pony tail, Aria knew this was going to be a long, stressful day. She could really use a Xanax right now to calm her nerves and prepare her for this embarrassing form of community service.

For the first time in weeks the liars were re-united, all wearing ugly orange jumpsuits, carrying large black trash bags and sharp utensils. Making awkward small talk, the girls spoke in hushed tones to one another, clearing the grass of garbage and trying to ignore the obnoxious honks and cat calls from passing cars. About an hour had passed when Aria noticed the slight need to pee. She was still recovering from a recent urinary tract infection (it had been a rough week for Aria) and often felt misleading phantom urges to pee. Her brain would send signals to her bladder that she needed to pee quite urgently but whenever she would rush to the toilet most of the time her body only produced a small trickle. Her bladder was deceiving her still, and although she had gone through some over the counter treatment, the infection wasn't completely out of her system.

Trying to push the likely false urge out of her mind, Aria assured herself that this was just her body playing tricks on her and she actually didn't need to pee. Hanna was no happier than Aria, stabbing at pieces of litter angrily. The feeling of the cheap, scratchy fabric against her skin was annoying and she felt hideous being so exposed in public without makeup. The instructions the state trooper sent home on the form were extremely strict; no makeup, no jewelry, no cellphones and no snacks.

Bottles of water were provided on site to insure that none of the workers would become dehydrated and Hanna had already finished two bottles of water, working on her third. While she wasn't at all dehydrated she was extremely bored and a little hungry. Hanna had skipped breakfast and only drank a weight loss shake to help keep her weight down. Even though she was no longer suffering from bulimia, Hanna still took unhealthy measures to keep her perfectly molded body. About an hour and a half of community service had passed and she was completely finished with bottle three, tossing the empty plastic bottle into her trash bag.

Emily was too pre-occupied with her anger and frustration to really focus on her assigned duties. She was mostly pacing back and forth, shooting intense death glares in Spencer's general direction. Spencer had taken A's bait and was so certain she had solved the mystery, leading the speculative liars directly into A's trap. If Spencer hadn't been so overbearing and insistent, none of her friends would have followed her into the woods. Emily in particular had been extremely resistant to the idea, so it is understandable that she was seething with anger. The trooper came around to hand out another round of water to the workers and Emily realized her's was nearly full and becoming warm from the heat of the son.

Craving a cold bottle, she chugged the warm bottle of water in under a minute and gratefully took a cool one, placing the bottle against her neck, flinching as droplets of condensation ran down the back of her neck and into her jumpsuit. Aria had changed street sides to talk to Emily and her words of kindness were calming her nerves. Their conversation was light-hearted and sweet, ranging from topics of swimming to the newest MTV artist. Before long her water was empty and she drank the rest of Aria's bottle, wondering why her friend was only slightly sipping on her bottle.

Almost two hours had passed at this point and Aria was now certain her need to pee wasn't just phantom urges. While her lingering UTI might be making the urge more intense, she could feel bloating in her belly and when she pressed a hand onto her abdomen there was definitely liquid inside. Thinking back to her early rushed morning, she hadn't even had the time to let out her morning pee and she had drank almost an entire thermos of coffee. Her urethra burned with the thought of finally using a toilet and she was noticeably fidgeting now.

At first she was just bobbing a little, then occasionally crossing her legs for only a short second before returning to her close legged stance. Her orange clad thighs were closely pressed together and she was shifting her weight from foot to foot, her bladder jiggling as she moved. A spasm rocked through her body and Aria was forced to clench her muscles as tightly as possible and discretely hold her crotch until the spasm passed, using the trash bag to hide her crotch. Her bladder was rather full and the beautiful girl wondered when the "volunteers" would be given a bathroom break. Surely they would be allowed one rather soon, wouldn't they?

Hanna was starting to feel her bladder as well, regretting how many bottles of water she had chugged down so quickly earlier in the day. There was only so much water her system could handle and pressure was starting to build in her bladder. When she crouched down to rescue stray pieces of rubber from beneath brush the pressure on her bladder made Hanna realize how full of pee she was. The caffeine pills she had taken with her liquid breakfast in hopes of waking up were increasing her need to pee, caffeine acting as a natural diuretic, increasing the flow of water through her kidneys into Hanna's bladder. Her need to pee was growing exponentially going from noticing the need to go to not being able to stop thinking about it. She wondered when and if they would be allowed a break because she was starting to really need a toilet.

It was frightening her how quickly her need increased but she knew it was because she had drank so much water in a short amount of time. Thinking back to her recent, enormous accident Hanna had experienced in front of Aria when her leg was in a cast and she was unable to reach the bathroom in time to relieve herself properly brought a rush of embarrassment to her cheeks. She absolutely could not disgrace herself in such a manner today. Clenching her kegel muscles Hanna winced when she sneezed, her allergies getting the best of her. The pollen count was high today and she regretted not taking an allergy pill prior to setting out for the long day.

A glance at her forbidden designer watch she had smuggled in underneath the long sleeves of her hideous jumpsuit showed it was almost a quarter to ten. Based on how strict the rules were, Hanna wondered if breaks would even be allowed...surely it was cruel to not allow any of them to use the restroom, wasn't it? Glancing around she didn't see any facilities immediately available but certainly there would be a lunch break close to noon. Although that was more than two hours away and Hanna could not imagine how unbearably full and desperate she would be by lunch time.

Deciding she couldn't hold her water any longer, Aria decided to approach the state trooper and politely ask if she could use the bathroom. Her pace was quick and her walk was hobbled, each step hopefully leading her closer to her much needed relief. "Excuse me, sir?" Aria said, her voice wavering a bit in nervousness. "Could I please use the restroom? It's an emergency." A grin formed on his devious face as he lowered his stereotypical police sunglasses, revealing dark, small untrustworthy eyes.

"Nope, sweetheart, a big girl like you can wait until this road is spick and span. Get back to your post. Now." He spoke slowly but with conviction and Aria figured her fate was sealed; she would just have to try to hold on to the best of her abilities. There was absolutely no way she would be able to wait until the road was completely clear; trash was littered about as far as the eye could see and even the work of the four liars and two strangers had barely made a dent in the endless stretch of litter.

She didn't dare ask again and sulked as she slunk back over to her post, jiggling slightly as she walked. Her pert bum was just visible beneath the baggy orange jumpsuit, wriggling with each pained movement. Wincing, she could feel her bladder jolt with each hard step on the pavement. Her desperation really was getting the best of her and there was no way she could wait until they had finished their trash duty. This had to be cruel and unusual punishment, especially for a girl suffering from a urinary tract infection.

Her night's pee mixed with the coffee was building up and she felt absolutely filled to the brim with hot, urgent pee. The infection was causing her poor, overfilled bladder to contract and a small leak shot out into her striped cotton panties. Immediately embarrassed, Aria pressed her hands into her crotch, fighting off the spasm until she felt secure enough to remove her hands. Luckily the orange jumpsuit was loose enough she was sure nothing showed on her crotch or the backside of the uniform. Aria's panties are shown below:

Emily noticed the pressure growing in her bladder now but when Aria told informed her that they would not be receiving a break, her moderate need seemed to increase knowing a bathroom visit was impossible. While Emily was no where near Aria's state of desperation, she felt empathy for her friend as she bobbed around and crossed her legs, making quite a spectacle of herself. Every few moments Aria would shoot a glance at the state trooper, her only obstacle between her and great relief, then let a hand sneak in between her legs for a reassuring squeeze. It was obvious to anyone watching that Aria needed to piss like a racehorse and while Emily felt badly for watching, she couldn't help but be concerned with her growing discomfort.

The next few hours were going to be miserable for everyone, unfortunately. Spencer was the only girl in the group not needing to pee; she had asked her mother about the community service regulations and was warned breaks would be few and far between, if any were permitted at all. The breaks, lunch, bathroom, or otherwise were up to the officer's digression. Some troopers were more forgiving and allowed breaks regularly while others insisted their workers wait until the end of their shift to relieve themselves. In preparation for the lack of bathroom breaks, Spencer had peed twice before leaving the house and dehydrated herself the day before, eating a strict diet of crackers and other dry foods. Spencer drank absolutely nothing that morning and only accepted one bottle of water to wet her dry mouth in the heat, taking very small sips only when necessary.

Hanna was watching Aria's frantic movements and sympathized with her completely, starting to consider asking for a break herself. Hanna had not been close enough to hear the cruel trooper deny Aria's request for a break and figured it was worth a shot. How much trouble could politely requesting a pee break cause? The trooper seemed bored anyway, checking his watch regularly and pacing around in short circles. Overseeing the six women clean for hours was obviously a boring task and he didn't seem too thrilled to stay at his post. Maybe Hanna could sweet talk her way into an early bathroom visit; it wouldn't be the first time she had gotten herself out of trouble with her bombshell blonde hair, pretty face, and ample breasts. She cursed her jumpsuit for hiding her tight, incredible body but thought her expert flirting and beautiful long natural lashes might win the trooper over.

Waltzing over to the trooper, making a point to swivel her hips and do her best "sexy walk", Hanna started with a flirty "Why, hello sir." He turned around, jumping as the young blonde startled him. "WHAT?!" He shot back, shouting so loudly Hanna highly considered returning to her post with a full bladder. "Oh, I'm so very sorry for sneaking up on you, my friends say I am sly like a cat." She kept her voice playful and light, twirling her blonde hair in her fingers as she licked her lips. The officer remained silent and stood very still, his legs close together as he stared at Hanna through his sunglasses.

"Is there any possible way I could visit the ladies room? I could really use the facilities and I promise it will only take me a minute." Silently, the officer glanced over toward the trooper building. Although he refused to admit it, he was actually quite desperate himself and was more than willing to take her to the office so they could both take a break but their rules were extremely strict. An officer had to accompany each convict to the restroom one at a time while the rest were supervised by another officer on duty. Unfortunately, the office was understaffed today and he didn't have anyone to cover his post. Not in the mood to be gruff, the officer just shook his head no and dismissively waved his hand toward the road. Hanna apologized for causing any issues and while she was unhappy to be denied, she figured the kinder and more flirtatious she could be the more likely she would be able to melt his heart.

To be continued...

*071*2013-09-12 08:31

{{:

Glad I could help, love what you have done with my ideas so far.Can't wait for part 2 of chapter 17. I actually got a couple more ideas from reading ch.16 and 17. In the first episode of season 3 A drugs Emily then kidnaps her. The girls eventually find her and bring her back. They all go back to bed , Emily is still kind of out of it from being drugged and doesn't wake up , and ends up wetting the bed. Also later in the same episode Aria goes to the school bathroom and thinks that she sees A, she freaks and has a panic attack , which is the perfect set up for a fear wetting, and both ideas also allow for the other girls reactions.

}}

Great ideas! You have an awesome memory, I barely remember some of these things happening! There will be one continuation of this one and maybe even another whole chapter because I have a couple of ideas after re-reading the summary of their community service.

*073*2013-09-16 08:21

Chapter 18: This chapter picks up directly where Chapter 17 left off.

Summary of Chapter 17 for those that did not read:

The four liars are sentenced to community service that involves picking up trash on the side of the road. Aria is recovering from a UTI and forgot to pee that morning, putting her in a very desperate situation. Hanna had drank a decent amount of water on shift and was growing rather desperate. Both girls had asked to be relieved from duty for a bathroom break but were denied by their overseeing state trooper. He was desperate to go as well but couldn't due to strict regulations. Emily had a growing need to pee as well and Spencer was fine, having dehydrated herself the evening before.

###

Aria was dancing on the spot constantly now and had completely stopped picking up garbage, her unbearable urge to pee distracting her far too much to worry about cleaning up the side of a filthy highway. Her obvious pee-pee dance was attracting unwanted attention from Emily, Aria and the state trooper while Spencer seemed to be indifferent, stabbing at pieces of paper while caught up in her own mind. Typical Spencer, pre-occupied with theories about A, their infamous stalker that had framed these poor girls for the murder of Alison and tortured them endlessly.

Each minute felt like an eternity to Aria and her bladder was beginning to spasm, threatening her striped panties with more inevitable leaks and spurts. Her urethra was burning fiery hot and it felt as though her urgent pee was right at the bring of her pee hole, begging to burst out. Both of her hands were thrust between her thighs, clenching her vagina for dear life as she tried with all of her might to not explode into her orange jumpsuit. She was beginning to shake and knew she was going to have an accident. It might not be now, it might not be for another twenty or thirty minutes, but wetting herself was unavoidable.

Emily eyed Aria, noticing her friend was pretty desperate to pee and making quite a spectacle of herself. She didn't want to bring attention to Aria's unbearably need and embarrass the desperate brunette but Emily was wondering if her friend was going to be able to last until the end of their shift. It was nonsense if they really truly couldn't be relieved to well...relieve themselves. Emily was still fuming about the entire community service situation; they shouldn't be out here in the boiling hot sun collecting trash like law-breaking inmates.

A had tricked them once again and Spencer just could not let anything A related go, constantly pushing the girls to perform dangerous and stupid stunts just to find answers. The friendship between Emily and Spencer was deteriorating and it seemed like it was about time for Aria and Hanna to pick sides. Spencer and Emily locked eyes for an awkward moment and Emily held a hard glare until Spencer had no choice but to look away, pretending to be distracted a discarded beer can. Spencer felt as though she was unreasonably isolated from her friends; no phone calls, no meeting up, completely grounded, and now Emily wasn't even speaking to her.

Trying to reach out to someone, Spencer walked over to where Hanna was feverishly chasing down a plastic bag that was floating off in the wind. Spearing the bag before Hanna could reach it, Spencer started talking to her blonde friend, asking questions about her life and trying to be as supportive and friendly as possible. If Emily wanted their group to fall apart, that's fine, but Spencer wasn't going to be completely alone. Hanna was relieved when Spencer speared that damn plastic Walmart bag. The blonde had been wildly chasing it for at least a minute, noticing the officer watching her closely as she ran and made failed attempts. If she showed she was working hard maybe he would allow Hanna to take a much needed bathroom break and sit down for a minute inside of his chilly office.

Why had she drank so much water earlier? Her bladder was bulging to such a large degree it was rubbing against the itchy fabric of her assigned jumpsuit. That horrid orange jumpsuit was so unflattering, she deeply wished the trooper was able to see her toned body and perky breasts. Maybe she would be able to tempt him if he could see how delicious her toned, smooth body. Once known by her friends as "Hefty Hanna", she had now grown into a confident bombshell, flaunting her good looks whenever she possibly could to get what she wanted. Once she had even gotten out of a hefty speeding ticket by flashing a little bit of cleavage and a sweet smile. If her looks and sexually could have gotten her out of this degrading punishment, or at least allow her a potty break. Hanna's discomfort was growing and every once in awhile she would cross her legs, climbing up the desperation ladder at an incredible pace.

"What's wrong?" Spencer asked her friend, eyeing Hanna suspiciously." The blonde's face was pained and she was constantly in motion, shifting her weight from foot to foot and pacing back and forth between stabbing at stray pieces of garbage. "I really have to fucking pee and this stupid trooper won't let me go" Hanna complained, brushing sweaty strands of hair out of her eyes. "This is so mean, they have to let us pee. I drank sooooo much water. Way too much. Ugh!" Spencer hesitated a moment before regretfully informing Hanna that their possible breaks would be very restricted and are at the discretion of the trooper that is supervising them.

Hanna's face fell, but she relaxed a bit to know that there should be a thirty minute scheduled lunch break where food would be provided and she could quickly pop into the ladies room. Did the station even have a ladies room or would it be just a smelly single stall without toilet paper? Honestly, at this point she didn't care what the state of the facilities were in, she was just craving letting go as soon as possible. In fact Hanna was actually starting to worry about the integrity of her lacy white panties. They were an unnecessary splurge from a French boutique in New York City called Je Te Dsire. The entire staff spoke only French and the beautiful lingerie was of the highest quality; hand spun silk, vintage lace, each pair unique and one of a kind. Hanna couldn't remember why she chose such a fancy pair for such a stupid event but they did make her feel a little sexier under this potato sack of her ugly uniform. Her panties are shown below:

While Hanna fought with her over-filled bladder, Emily watched Aria completely abandon her duty, setting her trash bag onto the ground and wriggling her cute bum back and forth. Her legs were crossed tightly and she was outwardly desperate; anyone passing by would be able to tell that this poor, sweet girl was about the burst. Trying to be a good friend, Emily stepped in front of Aria and tried to block her from the flood of cars passing by. Aria now had both hands jammed into her crotch permanently and was frantically bouncing back and forth, swearing under her breath. Sweat was forming on her brow and she felt her weak bladder contract, letting go another few precious droplets of pee. Not able to hold on any longer, Aria blushed wildly as she hobbled toward the state trooper with both of her hands planted in her crotch.

She planned to explain her uncomfortable UTI situation and surely he would release her, especially if she could provide a doctor's note later explaining her medical condition. As Aria limped off, barely able to walk and having to stop every few minutes, Emily felt sympathy for her tiny friend but was distracted by the sensation of her own bladder filling. Emily was actually pretty full and could really use a break as well; the espresso shots she had that morning irritating her bladder and begging to get out.

At least she was no where near Aria's extremely desperate predicament, but if she had to wait until 5 PM to use the bathroom she would surely explode and have a full on accident. At least Emily had worn a panty liner today with her panties so if she had any small leaks they would likely be absorbed and not seep through. Her period was three days late and she was worried about spotting, but the decision to add a little extra protection might end up saving her ass at the end of the day.

Finally only a few feet away from the state trooper, Aria locked eyes with him, a pleading look stretched across her angelic face. He looked sympathetic, if not somewhat desperate himself, his hand in his pocket occasionally squeezing his penis to apply extra pressure. He pulled down his sunglasses and watched her painfully limp over, hands firmly jammed between her slender legs. "Please, I'm so sorry but I'm about to have an accident" Aria panted out, barely able to speak. Her voice was squealy, urgent and high pitched; she was uncomfortable making such a display in front of an authority figure but maybe her obvious desperation would help her case. Bouncing up and down with tears in her eyes, Aria felt her hand grow warm as a five second spurt escaped her lips, surely leaving a dark spot on the uniform.

"Please, please, I'm wetting myself. I have a UTI and-" before Aria could finish her sentence she felt her bladder spasm and contract, the flood gates finally open. There was no stopping her bladder from emptying and her body betrayed her, all of the piss surging out of her small body. Aria's weakened bladder couldn't possibly hold out any longer and the pent up pee began rushing out, splashing into her hands and creating a circle on her crotch, small rivers of pee starting to trickle down her inner thighs.

Knowing she had no chance left at making it to a bathroom, Aria crouched down and removed her hands, hoping to leave the least amount of damage on her uniform as possible. She peed full force through her striped panties and orange jumpsuit, at least avoiding the most damage as the hot urine poured out of her tortured body. She exploded, unable to stop the flow, still peeing full force for almost a full minute. She generously watered the grass, the loud hiss of her pee completely audible to the state trooper. Aria had her head down, hoping no one was looking at her but could feel the eyes of the passengers of passing cars, her friends, the trooper and the two strangers that were also sentenced to community service.

Her stream finally became a trickle, then was just droplets. Aria remained crouched down, straining her bladder to make sure she was completely empty. It felt amazing to pee finally, and the embarrassment she felt was only comforted by how incredible it was to let go of everything left inside of her. The last final spurts were pushed out and she finally looked up, noticing Hanna, Emily, Spencer, the trooper and one of the girls staring at her. Quickly diverting her eyes, Aria noticed how tingly her soaked crotch felt. The warmth felt both borderline erotic and naughty and similar to the way she felt watching Hanna have her accident. Still confused about her thoughts on the matter, Aria snapped back into reality when a passing car honked loudly. How could a girl of her age just soaked herself like a child?

To be continued...

