A fictional story set on holiday. - Page 4

Author: RagingPython

*061*2019-05-09 02:55

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn this is getting so good

}}

Thanks!

*062*2019-05-09 04:12

Fun fact: This chapter is actually based off a real experience, as was Chapter 21, and will be 23, though not in the way you might be expecting.

Chapter 22:

I winced at the mere sight of the bottle. Karen shook it a little, and the sound of the fluid sloshing around nearly caused me to have an accident. I tried to refuse, but Karen pressed her hand down until I surrendered and drank it.

It was agonising, knowing how I was making it so much worse.

But it was so amazingly hot at the same time. Although I wasn’t sure about it and hadn’t fully accepted it yet, being dominated like this by someone, especially Karen, had always been one of my biggest fantasies...

...

Karen lay beside my body, keeping her hand resting you-know-where, ready to punish me if necessary. Her warmth was comforting, but I was intimidated by this change in personality. Karen had never been this direct... I kinda liked it, it reminded me if myself.

The water level in the bottle gradually decreased, 700ml, 600ml, 400ml, 100ml... I downed the last 100ml all in one go, trying to both literally and figuratively drown out the protests of my bladder.

”O-okay...”, I tried to say, my voice quivering nearly as badly as my legs, “I-I’ve... drunk i-it...”

”Good girl. Keep obeying, and I won’t give you a refill.”, she smiled.

”A-are you g-going to d-d-do a-anything e-else to me...”

”Not yet, let’s wait until the water hits you.”

”Oooohhh...”, I groaned, trying to nurse the aching feeling between my legs.

...

Seconds ticked by, each minute feeling like an hour. I could feel the urge growing as the water was processed and poured into my already stretched bladder.

My legs were crossed as tightly as my joints would allow, and my hands held my crotch as tightly as I could. Even then, it felt like my dam could burst any second.

...

My mind fought with itself, on one hand, it would be the most amazing thing ever to let go right now, but on the other hand I’m so turned on... but I can’t hold it much longer! I don’t want to soak the bed, or wet myself in front of Karen... but she’s the one making me need to wet myself! In the end, I resolved to wait until I could last a moment longer.

After sufficient time had passed, Karen clasped the bulge with her hand. Not really pressing on it, but trying to fit it all in. Even doing this made my already sensitive bladder hurt worse than ever. The water had forced my overfull bladder to swell, trying to fit in with far more pee than I could normally store.

“I’m nearly at my limit!” I shouted mentally, barely able to resist the burning desire to let at least a little out...

“Wow, Rosalynne, it’s getting so hard... it must be stretched to its limit and filled to capacity... makes me wish I could make your endure it forever! How about another bottle of water?”, she suggested, pulling into an embrace I normally would’ve loved but here just felt like agony as I was so painfully overladen that even a slight movement could cause myself to give out.

”P-please n-no! A-anything b-but that!”

”Anything? Are you sure, Rosalynne? You’ll do anything?”

”Y-yes, yes, j-just please let me p-pee!”

”Alright...”, schemed Karen, with an evil laugh, “make and drink a whole mug of tea, and hold it for another half an hour.”

”A-ahh... oo-ohh...”, I moaned, unable to bear the thought of such a torture, “I-I can’t! I-I’ll explode! I-I’m s-so full already, y-you don’t u-understand... I-I feel l-like an overfilled b-balloon...”

”Either that, or... have a bubble bath without any leaks!”

”Th-that’s even w-worse! I-it’s coming, Karen, let me go!”

Karen kept her hand tightly around my bladder, restricting the space I had to cram so much liquid into.

”Or, wait here for another 2 hours, then you can have your relief.”

”P-please K-Karen... I’m o-o-overflowing... I-I haven’t even had my m-morning p-pee... I’ve g-got all night and a-all d-day sloshing around in th-there!”

”Ooh, even more reason to keep you holding.”, said Karen, her smile transformed into an evil, sadistic grin.

”I-I g-guess... t-the tea’s my b-best bet!”

”I’ll let go, but you better not leak!”

Karen removed her hand, but not before squeezing really hard and causing a large spurt to occur.

”A-ahhh... a-ahhh... s-so g-good...” I sighed, breathing heavily.

The warm liquid flooding out encouraged myself to lose control, but I applied all my willpower to enduring it, and somehow held most of it back.

“J-just... a little longer...”, I tried to reassure myself, but I knew I was already beyond my capacity.

I begrudgingly tried to sit up, my bladder screaming as the liquid within sloshed down into a new position, gravity trying to pull it out worse than ever.

“I’m not gonna make it!”

End of Chapter 22:

*065*2019-05-09 20:35

{{14 hours ago, huberp76 said:

Thank you for this story, it is really, really great!

I love it that Rosalynne has to hold her morning pee for so long, that she is needing to pee so painful and that she and her poor bladder get´s tortured from Karen. Karen should make her hold it longer, she can endure more if she has to.

}}

You are welcome, I’m glad you enjoy it. I love it too, it’s so hot!

{{5 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was very fantastic

}}

Thank you!

*066*2019-05-13 06:00

Sorry for not posting in a few days, I’ve been dedicating almost all my time to a thing with my friend. I might not be able to post so much throughout the next couple weeks as well as I have some important exams, but I should still be able to post these some days.

Chapter 23:

I forced myself to stand up, trying my hardest to ignore the pain.

“Ooh... why am I doing this... I should just run to the bathroom, why am I playing along...” I worried, still forcing myself to take small steps out of our room and then down the corridor.

Really though, I knew why I was playing along. I was enjoying it. I’m not sure, even to this day, why this is a fantasy of mine, but it is. I was far too aroused and exited by the feeling of being pushed to my limit to use the toilet and end it there.

“N-no... I shouldn’t be enjoying this...”, I tried to convince myself, stopping in the corridor, “B-but... it’s so much fun... and I’m so turned on...”

Despjte my doubts, I decided that I should make the most of this as it wouldn’t happen again, and started walking.

The situation was getting worse and worse, my bladder felt almost numb, I could barely feel the pressure anymore, but it felt like it was pressing right down on my urethra and that it was purely my willpower stopping it now.

I kept walking. Some steps caused small droplets to come out, making me have to stop and dance even harder to hold it back.

”If I add a cup of tea to this... I think I’ll explode!”

By some miracle, I eventually reached the kitchen.

I slowly waddled towards the kettle, and picked it up, having to remove one of my much needed hands from its position holding back the floodgates, making the procedure agonising and even more risky.

”A-ah... without my hand... so desperate... almost leaking...”, I barely managed to moan, hoping it would get the message across to Karen, who was waiting by the doorway, watching my eagerly.

I moved the kettle into the sink. Luckily, the sink was large enough that I could place the kettle down in it and turn on the tap, before quickly clutching at myself once more.

“Nonononononononononono! I can’t take a tap as well! I can use both hands for a little, but the running water is almost too much...”

I stood there, shaking rapidly, legs double crossed, hands digging deep into my crotch area, trying desperately to resist the explosive desire to burst.

The kettle filled up quickly, I had to turn the tap off.

I removed a hand, and tried to shut off the tap in as little time as possible.

I wasn’t fast enough, hot, clearish-yellow liquid began to flow from me...

”No! N-not now...”, I moaned, and by pure luck was able to stem the flow.

Karen approached me, thinking I’d lost control, but after gently feeling around my underwear, she realised I’d held the vast majority back.

”Ooh, you had a big leak this time... but you held it in still. I think I’ll let you off this time, as that was a difficult task. Naturally though, you’ll be drinking a few pints of water to make up for it.

”Please... no... anything but... but that!”

“Alright, how about 2 mugs of tea instead?”

”Ahh! N-no! Please... no more...”

”Don’t worry,”, she said with a sadistic giggle, “I’ll just make you drink one pint. After, you can drink your tea, and then you can sit with me on the sofa like a good girl for a bit, and maybe after that I’ll let you have a little break.”

”Ooooh.... o-okay...” I said weakly, barely able to focus on anything other than how badly I wanted to pee.

I put the kettle on its cradle, and turned it on. Luckily the sound of boiling water isn’t nearly as bad as the sound of flowing water for making it hard to ignore the amount of water building in my bladder.

Still shaking there, holding back with all my strength, I noticed the clock on the wall.

”N-nnngh... 4... 4 o’Clock!? N-no... I can’t... it can’t be that late...”, I struggled to believe, knowing that that would mean it’d been 10 whole hours since I denied myself a morning pee. Of course, that also meant that for 3 of them I was asleep, which is more believable, but that’s a long time to go without. Especially considering how it meant I’d last been more than 12 hours previously.

The kettle finished, distracting me. I grabbed a mug, added a teabag, and reheated the kettle to boiling point, and the poured it. All one handed, as I couldn’t possibly spare the other. The flowing water as the kettle poured caused my bladder to send a powerful spasm up through my body, but I was able to resist another full-blown leak, limiting myself to little spurts.

I stood there for another 5 minutes while it brewed, in pure agony.

Every second felt like an hour.

Every minute felt even longer.

Somehow, I was able to endure it until the tea was ready, and I removed the tea bag. I opened the fridge, and barely got the milk out before I had to put it down on the counter and grab myself, the sudden cold air from the fridge surprising my bladder.

After closing the fridge and regaining composure, I removed the milk’s lid, and poured it into the tea, somehow managing to resist the desire to let my bladder release and have my pee pour out too...

I put the milk back in the fridge, nearly bursting once again.

I picked up the tea, and very slowlily approached Karen, who was in the doorway. I had to stop after every step to double cross my legs. Eventually, I reached her, and she said: “Good girl, you made the tea. Come on then, sit on the sofa. I’ll get you a pint of water to go with it.”

Too desperate to reply, I walked over to the sofa and sat down.

All I could think about was peeing...

End of Chapter 23:

This entire scene over the last couple of chapters was originally based off of a real life event, and I really wasn’t expecting people to enjoy this as much as people did. Which is brilliant, now I know to include more content like this, as I enjoy it too. I’m actually extending the scene a bit too, it was originally going to end in this chapter, but I’m going to write another as this is a fiction and I can do that.

Hopefully you guys all enjoyed this!

*068*2019-05-14 20:27

Chapter 24:

I waited on the sofa, keeping my legs tightly crossed, waiting in agony for Karen’s return.

It wasn’t long, but it felt like hours. You know how everyone says that time flies when you are having fun? Yeah, well when you are in severe discomfort it moves slower than ever.

Eventually Karen came back into the room and walked over to me, making sure to shake the glass just enough for me to hear the water splashing against the sides of the glass, and to hear the ice cubes clinking together. It was like she knew exactly what to do, as if she’d done her research.

She put the glass on the coffee table, and lied down on the sofa, curling around me.

This position would ordinarily feel like heaven, but now my bladder was aching so badly it felt like hell.

I would normally have made a joke about it being for coffee, not water, but I was too preoccupied, and I really didn’t want to think about water or coffeee right now.

”Come on then, be a good girl and drink up.”

”N-no... t-too much...”

”It’s not too much for you, is it? Surely you can handle just a little more? It can’t have been that long since you used the bathroom. Oh wait, you skipped your morning pee didn’t you? If only you’d gone when you had the chance...”

”S-stop... t-torturing m-m... m-me...”

”Why? I can tell you are enjoying this too. I’m having a great time, and despite having to pee like no tomorrow this is exactly what you wanted, right? You’ve been fantasising about me, and you’ve always wanted to be the submissive one for once...”

”H-how...?”

”How did I know? It’s not hard to tell, anyone who’s into omorashi leaves tracks. Especially if they are close to you.”

”But come on now, enough about this, you have a glass of water to drink. Do you want to do it slowly, giving yourself time to recover from each intake? Or do you want to do it quickly, to avoid it dragging out or making it worse mid-drink.”

”N-nngh... nn... n-no...”, I moaned pitifully, grabbing the glass with a hand I really couldn’t spare and draining it in one go, not even stopping for breath.

“Oooh, someone’s feeling brave, aren’t they!”

I quivered, trying not to lose control. I tried to double cross my legs, meeting some success.

Karen readjusted her position, giving me a slight jolt that caused a little to leak out.

“It feels like it’s going to pop, doesn’t it?”, Karen suggested, alluringly, lowering my bottoms and beginning to gently stroke and caresses the growing bulge.

”Y... y-y... a-ah! Y-yes...”, I eventually replied, struggling with the near-orgasmic touch of Karen’s soft fingers.

”If you drink even another drop, your dam will burst, won’t it?”

”A-ah... a-ah... y-yes...”, I said again, breathing heavily.

”Well, you have to drink this whole mug of tea, but if you behave and hold it all back like a big girl, I won’t make you drink anymore.”

”T-thank... o-ooh... y-y... y-you...”, I struggled, my bladder disliking the stimulation.

Karen eased off a little, knowing I wouldn’t be able to endure it much longer.

......

After about 5 minutes, I was at my limit. In fact, I felt like I was way beyond it. With quivering, shaking, and vibrating double crossed legs and both hands thrust hard into my crotch I knew I wasn’t going to make it. I couldn’t move even. I was fully at the mercy of Karen.

”Now then, I think it’s about time you drink that tea. You can handle another mug, right?”, Karen said, getting closer to, but being careful not to touch my bladder, knowing any kind of interaction would cause me to explode.

”C-can’t... m-move... t-too f-full...”, I just barely managed to stammer. I couldn’t think straight, I was so focused on not giving out I could barely take notice of anything else.

”Oh? Well, if you can’t move, I guess I’ll just have to help you drink it.”

She picked up the tea, and tilted my head backwards. She gently helped me drink it, mouthful after mouthful, until it was gone a minute later.

It was a very good cup of tea, but I was unable to take notice due to the impending flood.

I was on the verge of tears, so uncomfortable, so painful, so desperate. It felt like I was trying to hold back a waterfall, the full force of thousands of gallons of water, all locked up in far too little space. Despite the anguish, I’d never felt more turned on in my life.

“Now that you’ve drunk that, I think we should let you wait a little while it hits you.”

”P-please...”, was all I was able to mumble. Any more words simply didn’t materialise, I was too full to speak anymore.

......

The tea went right through me, and in a mere few minutes I was well beyond bursting. I tried to triple cross my legs.

Something, anything, I have to keep holding this in!

“I think I’ve let you suffer enough, Rosalynne.”, said Karen, who was now sitting next to me, and observing the swollen, stretched, bulging area above my vagina.

”Time to give you some release.”, she said, and turned towards me.

She leant down into me, forcing me down onto the sofa.

The sudden movement was too much, I felt the seal breaking.

All I could do was moan in pure pleasure, finally able to let loose.

Karen smiled at me, and pushed down as hard as possible on my bladder.

Within seconds, the clearish-golden liquid was flooding out from me. The dam had burst, the floodgates had opened, the river had overflowed. I had finally wet myself. All I could think about was how good it felt.

End of Chapter 24:

Oh, my god, that was so much fun to write. These last few chapters have been some of the most fun I’ve ever written, and I’m so glad you guys are enjoying them.

*071*2019-05-28 21:42

An update on myself and the reasons why I haven’t posted in 2 weeks:

I’m really sorry that I haven’t been posting anything, but the truth is basically since I posted my last chapter, I haven’t logged on to the forums. I’ve been changing the way I live considerably, I’ve pulled myself out of a year-long hikkikomori-like phase where I’ve been leaving my house for school and literally nothing else; I’ve made new friends, rediscovered old friends, and I’ve started talking to people again for the first time in ages, I’ve even been actually going outside. In addition to making these lifestyle changes, I’ve been really busy, and this has lead to me forcing myself to live more like a normal person, waking up at 6AM rather than 6PM and going to sleep at 8PM rather than 7AM.

Basically, it’s changed my life, and as a result of all of this I haven’t even thought about omorashi and as such I haven’t come onto the site. At the moment, I’m in the Isle of Wight on an impromptu family-holiday organised by my mum, but when I return home this weekend I’ll post a few stories here and go back to writing again.

I might even write some while I’m still out here, but probably not. We are staying in tents, and it’s basically the least omorashi friendly thing I can imagine. The bathrooms are like a 5 minute walk away from me, which is a problem as I can’t really enjoy myself without risking an accident. I have already got a story to tell when I get home though from only being here a day. I’ve also been really tired when I finally get back to the tent as we’ve been doing loads of walking and stuff on the island during the day.

**EDIT:** Literally just realised I’ve had my sleeping bag inside out for the last 2 days. And strangely enough I’m going to keep wearing it the wrong way round as it was more comfortable that way.

*074*2019-05-31 23:05

I have returned! I’m back in mainland England, finally! I’m not going to be writing a new chapter tonight because I got home 2 hours later than I intended due to Wightlink taking the piss, but I’m back home now, I have internet, I have privacy, it’s amazing! I’ve got a few stories to share from my holiday, and I’ll be posting them today or tomorrow too.

I can’t wait to get back into writing here, I’ve missed this.

*075*2019-06-03 16:19

Chapter 25:

All of a sudden, I was lying in bed. I rolled to the right, and saw that Karen wasn’t kidding when she said she might join me for a nap. As soon as I laid my eyes on her, I had a massive case of deju-vu, the events of chapters 21-24 flashed before my eyes and I realised something.

I-I... wasn’t actually awake for that entire time.

“Crap!”, I said, careful not to wake up Karen, “Why!? That was amazing... I’m so... so disappointed!”

I looked at Karen again, and said to her: “If only you would really do something like that to me...”

“That’s it!”, I decided, “Before this holiday’s over, I need to tell her how I feel. Even if I don’t get her into omorashi, I can’t keep everything to myself. It would be so good if she really did turn out to be into it though...”

I rolled back over and looked up at the ceiling.

I tried to get up, begrudgingly, knowing that now that Karen was with me I’d have to postpone my enjoyment again.

If only I hadn’t fallen asleep, I’d prepared everything... I suppose that dream has given me some good ideas... but it’s just made my frustrations worse... if I go without much longer, I feel like I’ll explode...

As I sat up, I felt a sudden feeling of intense discomfort, which almost immediately transitioned into a very strong urge to take a leak.

O-ohh! That feels like it’s going to explode first...

I realised that I must’ve been asleep for quite a while, not only was I much fuller than earlier but also since Karen was next to me. I grabbed my iPad and checked the time, it was 6PM.

Alright... I’ve still got a while before I’ll need to wake Karen up to get dinner.

I stood up off my bed, giving my crotch a quick squeeze to help mitigate my need, and walked out of the bedroom, legs shaking badly. I felt a little less full than in my dream, but it was still far more than I was designed to handle.

I saw the bathroom down the corridor, Karen had left the door enticingly open, and I could see the tantalising toilet right there. It was very tempting to sprint down there and let it all out, but the same temptation aroused me more and I turned away and walked towards the living room.

Every step caused powerful twinges that threatened to cause a leak if I didn’t clutch hard at myself to prevent it.

I continued to walk, until I entered the kitchen, where I downed an entire pint of lemonade. Mostly because it was hot and I like lemonade, but partially to add yet more to the ocean I was holding back. Immediately after, I had to grab at myself with my other hand too, but I refused to let myself have any relief. I grabbed a spare 750ml bottle, already full, (luckily!) put it in my pocket as I couldn’t spare a hand, and I headed out onto the patio area near the pool. Karen had left these doors open, but in Portugal where it was boiling hot outside we didn’t have to worry about all the heat escaping like at home.

I lied down on a sun lounger, wincing as I had to bend down, my bladder complaining harder and harder about it’s unmet needs.

Nnngh... this hurts, but it feels amazing at the same time... I’ll lay here for a bit while I think of something else to do. At least I don’t have to worry about falling asleep again, I’m far too full for that... I can’t take this much longer though, I might give out when all that lemonade hits me...

End of Chapter 25:

These days, I get dreams like that all the time, where I think I’m awake. I think the reason why I specifically remember this one was partially for how sexy it was, but mostly because I rarely got these back when the events that inspired these last 5 chapters happened.

*077*2019-07-08 03:56

Chapter 26:

As I lied on the sun lounger, I suddenly heard the sound of an alarm. I knew it wasn’t mine, I didn’t have one set. So who’s could it be?

“Oh crap!”, I thought, realising that Karen must’ve set herself an alarm for about now.

”I can’t let her see that I’m into this, not yet... I have to get to the bathroom, NOW!”

I forced myself to my feet, barely even thinking about the extreme agony between my legs.

“Gotta pee, gotta pee...”

I sprinted into the house.

“I don’t have much time! Ah... but I’m so full... I can’t run like this...”

But I ran anyway, knowing that if I slowed down the floodgates wouldn’t last long enough to hold it all back.

”Ah... aah... it’s... it’s coming...”

Reaching my limit, I felt it begin to come out, my panties felt a little wet. I was using all my willpower to stem the flow, but it wasn’t enough. I just barely threw the bathroom door open in time, and jumped onto the toilet, bladder aching. I didn’t have time to get my pyjamas off, but that didn’t matter.

“Oh... that feels so good...”

After relieving myself, I stood up, and took off my soaked pyjamas. I put them in the laundry basket, and buried them under some of Karen’s clothes to hide them. Karen’s alarm was still going off, which made me feel like I overreacted maybe by sprinting all the way to the toilet, but what’s done is done. Walking towards our bedroom, I gently opened the door. There she was, curled up in my bed, with the quilt sprawled roughly across the bed, clearly unable to hear her alarm from the other side of the room by hers. I turned hers off, I knew her password, and decided I’d wake her.

I opened her mosquito net, and clambered inside.

“She looks so cute curled up like that... I wish I could be curled up with her forever...”

I curled up next to her myself, and my body fit neatly around hers. I put my arms around her, and pulled us closer, pressing my naked body against hers.

”She’s so soft... and warm... I could spent all night like this...”

The sleeping girl reached out her arms too, and enclosed them around me. She pulled me a little closer, pressing her enlarged chest against my own.

“Ah... that feels really nice... How does she get them to be so soft, they feel like pillows... I could fall asleep at any moment...”

“Wait, I can’t fall asleep, not now!”

I forced myself awake, shaking a little to clear my head.

”Karen? Karen, it’s time to wake up...”, I whispered gently into her ear.

Karen turned her head, facing me. I could feel her warm breath on my cheeks...

“She’s so close... her breath is so relaxing... she’s so sweet when she’s like this...”

“R-R... R-Rosalynne? W-what is it...”, Karen murmured, slowly and sleepily.

”It’s time to wake up, it’s nearly half-past six.”, I replied, softly and carefully.

“Can’t you let me sleep, even just for a little longer?”, she begged, nuzzling against me.

“This feels heavenly... but I have to stay strong!”

“No, Karen. We should try to be dressed for 7. I’ve found that 7 is a good time to find places to eat, so we should head out then.”

“...fine...”, Karen complained, and started to sit up.

I sat up with her, and smiled.

”W-w-wait! W-why are you n-naked!?”, Karen suddenly shouted.

”Because we’ll be getting dressed soon?”

”O-oh... okay...”

End of Chapter 26:

*079*2019-07-09 05:12

Chapter 27:

I got up, and Karen did the same a minute later. I never like waking her up, she’s just so cute when she’s asleep, but nevertheless it needed to be done. I opened the wardrobe, and Karen immediately headed for the bedroom door.

”Where are you going? We need to get dressed.”, I ask her.

”Bathroom.”

”Can’t it wait a couple of minutes while we get dressed?”

“I suppose so.”, she replied, sitting back down on her bed.

I chose myself an outfit from the wardrobe, and started putting it on. I’m no fashionista, part of me wishes I could just own several copies of the same outfit, but I thought the outfit I chose looked good. A purple and white checkerboard pattern button-down shirt, an exact copy of one of my favourite shirts of all time, and a skirt. The skirt would be considered a long skirt by Karen, but for me it felt pretty short.

I finished getting dressed and saw Karen was still sat on her bed: ”Do you want me to pick an outfit for you too?”, I asked.

”N-no! It’s fine.”, said Karen, who then got up and chose something. A dress that was really rather short, until I realised she hadn’t picked up a shirt I thought it was going to be a skirt to be honest.

”L-looks good!”, I complimented.

”Thank you.”

I sat down on my bed, and Karen walked over to hers. Putting her dress aside, she removed her pyjamas, throwing them at me, and then sat down. I tried to hide my blushing face, seeing her naked so suddenly was more than I could handle. She got some underwear from her bedside cabinet, and started trying to put on her bra. Of course, with a chest like hers, I saw that she was having some trouble, the bra was obviously a bit too small. I was distracted from that however, as I realised why she wanted the bathroom: her legs were shaking. Not even in a minor way, like full-on, can’t-sit-still shaking. I felt a little bad for postponing her pee, but at the same time it was only for a few minutes, she’d manage, and I was really enjoying the sight of her struggling.

As she bent down to do her socks, her whole body began to squirm, and she had to tap her other foot constantly. The experience was amazing, but now really wasn’t the time to get turned on! But my sexually deprived brain couldn’t resist the thought of Karen, barely able to do her socks, so I got up and left the bedroom. I went to the bathroom myself, since as always when you pee when you are really full a second urge comes around a little later that is also really strong. As soon as Karen was done putting on her clothes, she ran into the bathroom. A little later, she came out, and waited by the front door.

Once I had grabbed all of my stuff, and some stuff I thought Karen might want, I unlocked and opened the door and we stepped outside. The Portuguese night air was still warm, but much cooler than the day. It was really nice, with a slight breeze. I personally like my nights to go down into the negatives, but Portugal isn’t the kind of country that gets negative degree nights.

We walked down towards the village, there’s usually some restaurant or inn or something that serves food, so although I didn’t know any restaurants around here I’m sure we could find something. We walked through the centre, down towards the beach, and I was immediately hit with a massive burst of deja-vu.

End of Chapter 27:

Sorry this one’s so short, something came up and I have to go right now. Besides, I hope you enjoy it.

*082*2019-07-12 13:58

{{On 7/11/2019 at 8:24 AM, jippy said:

Just found this and read all the way through, love it!

}}

Thank you!

*083*2019-07-12 14:42

Chapter 28:

I stopped suddenly, and stood still, feeling the strange sense of familiarity wash over me. Karen, not noticing, kept on walking. About 20 seconds later, she turned around, and saw me standing on the road. It was such a strange sensation! It was like I knew the place! At that moment, I suddenly recalled something, and a vision (?) suddenly overlaid itself over the street, revealing what the place looked like in the past.

”Hey! What are you doing?”, shouted Karen, pulling me out of my experience.

”I-I... I know this place!”

”What? Come over here!”, she shouted again.

I did as she said.

”I swear. I’ve been here before. I must’ve.”

”How could you have been here? You didn’t recognise anything when you booked the place.”

”G-good point... but why do I remember this place then?”

”I don’t know. It’s not like this is the first time though, remember when we were in Somerset?”

”You’re right... I had this then too.”

”Come on, we need to find our dinner.”, Karen said to me, taking my hand and running off ahead.

As you can guess, I get this a lot. I’ll go somewhere, and I’ll see something that’ll trigger this massive sensation of deja-vu, quite often I feel a memory, or something that feels like it, and I’ll see a vision, or something like it, of how the place I’m looking at used to look. It happened in the Isle of Wight recently, I went to Blackgang Chine and the same thing happened for a specific section. Cases like in the Isle of Wight can be explained though, I’d been there, years ago.

But here? I’ve never heard my family talk about going here, and my mum remembers every holiday she took me on. Most people don’t understand how strange it is to remember somewhere you’ve never been, but trust me, it’s super bizarre. Sometimes you end up rediscovering places you haven’t been too in years, I once visited a beach, and had this giant burst of deja-vu, in this case, I remembered every detail of the place and even knew my way around. I asked my mum, and she took me there, once, when I was a few weeks old. Super weird.

Nevertheless, I followed Karen down the street. After she slowed down, I caught up, and we started walking down the streets looking for somewhere to eat. When Karen’s not rushing ahead, walking alongside her holding hands is really quite nice... but despite this, now that we were entering the centre, I started to worry.

“I hope there is a restaurant. Back home, every village has at least one pub that serves food, I knew one place that had 5, but I don’t about out here. And even if there is one, I hope it’s not too loud... I’ve had too many bad experiences with restaurants, if something goes wrong, I really don’t want to ruin Karen’s night. N-no, it’ll be fine, we aren’t in America, no one’s gonna pull a gun on me again, and I’m sure no one’ll try to start a fight again... come on Rosalynne, stay strong, you’ll be fine.”, I thought to myself, my mind constantly thinking of more and more bad things to worry about.

Of course, nothing was likely to happen, but I can get seriously worried about silly things like this. The main thing that would cause a problem was if someone was overly aggressive to me, as in the past people have picked fights in restaurants before. The issue with me and violence is that I can be a completely different person during that kind of situation, I lose all control and inhibition, and although normally don’t remember anything afterwards, I’m almost always the victor. That’s one of the reasons why I don’t go outside often, it’s not that I don’t want to hurt people, or I’m worried that I’ll get hurt, it’s because I don’t want to cause any collateral damage.

Karen, as if sensing I was worried, squeezed my hand reassuringly, and said: “It’ll be alright, don’t panic. Nothing’s going to happen, and you are with me, after all.”

”Th-thanks... y-you’re right...”

......

We walked for a while, we found one place, but it didn’t serve anything we liked on the menu. So we moved on. Gradually, we got closer to the ocean, and we could see the beach. I love the sea air, especially the fog and the way there’s always lots of moisture. And the cold temperature helps too.

It was as we were going down a small road down to the beach, that I spotted somewhere further down. A little restaurant, but it looked nice. I led Karen to it, and we walked in. The waiter let us to a two-seater table, right near the edge of the patio, closest to the ocean. Really, it was lovely. He then lit a candle on the table, and handed us menus before heading back inside.

End of Chapter 28:

I’ve forgotten the name of the restaurant I based this one off of, but as the real one is much closer to a bigger town and is actually on maps. I’ll find out what it was called between now and next chapter.

