An Ignored Prompting

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-06-10 01:32

First of all, I don't want you all worrying too much about the religious content in this story. It is very minimal, and only used to move the story along. You do not have to agree on religion to read this. It is just about a missionary that is stuck in an aweful situation, and about how her companion helps her solve the problem. It is female, and yes, there is a bit of a pooping accident as well as at least one purposeful wetting.

An Ignored Prompting

Having only ever seen young men from that church on bicycles with a white shirt and name tags, Mie was a little interested to see two young ladies in nice white tops, knee length skirts, on bicycles, and with the standard black name plates that identified the foreign girls as being missionaries from that one church that often spoke with people on the streets and even knocked on their house doors.

Mie was thirty year old business woman, and had just stepped off of her train in Ushiku. Exiting the station, she had seen the young ladies standing there with nice smiles and shaking hands or exchanging bows with anyone that exited the station.

Mie approached them because though she had no real interest in their religion, she did like to talk to the young men from that church, and she was really curious to see that ladies were also in the missionary work.

“Good Evening,” she used her best English as she wasn’t sure how well they spoke Japanese yet.

“Konban ha,” (ha pronounced like wa) one of the ladies spoke up to the kind lady that stood before her. Mie had the traditional Japanese dark eyes, dark hair, and she was dressed like a business woman with a professional looking grey jacket over a white blouse with a grey skirt.

Mie took in the ladies’ appearance, looking at them from head to toe. One of them had red hair with a few freckles on her face. Her eyes were green, and she has the brighter of the smiles on her face. She had been the one that tried to speak Japanese. The other girl had darker blond or maybe light brown hair. Her eyes were blue, and she wasn’t exactly smiling, but she wasn’t frowning either.

“Would you like to come my house?” Mie offered the girls. “It’s not far from here.”

Exchanging excited looks, the two young ladies nodded pushed their bikes along so that they could walk with the woman.

“My name is Mie Nakamura,” the woman said. “I never invite inside my house a man or woman whose name doesn’t know.” She was trying to use her best English (for all you non-Japanese readers), but it was very difficult for her. “So, what is given name, please?”

The sisters looked at one another. One of them had a worry in the pit of her stomach that told her that something was strange, and they had been told by their mission president that their first names, while on this mission, was ‘sister’ or ‘kyodai.’

“Well, it is that choice for you. We can talk at the door, if you don’t give me a name.”

They smiled in relief. Maybe talking at the door was better. But Mie was very curious about them. She called them around to the back yard where she had a picnic table.

“How about we sitting here, and I can learn about your church that way?”

“That’s wonderful,” the red hair sister Anderson said with a smile. Sister Brown just nodded in agreement, still feeling a little something like something was amiss. Was it the spirit talking to her, or was it something more basal?

“So that church is started by the man Josefu Smisu?”

“Well, actually, he was the first modern day prophet who is given credit for it, yeah,” Anderson stumbled afraid that they were getting off topic. She wanted to talk about the great news about the church, not about the politics that often scared people away from the church.

Mie noticed that she started to shiver a bit from nerves, and her friend was looking down as though something were bothering her as well. Maybe she shouldn’t asked about that topic, if it made them so nervous. She smiled up at them stood up.

The sisters also started to stand up. “Oh, please, no. Please sit, ladies,” she smiled back at them. “I’m just going to get something for your dry throats.”

Anderson looked over at Brown as the woman went into the house.

“I don’t know if she’s really interested,” the young lady now addressed Anderson by her first name because they were dorm mates and shared everything. That meant even their first names would come up in the late evening talk. “I have a feeling that the spirit wants us to leave.”

“I don’t know,” Amy Anderson replied. “If she is even a little bit interested, we should tell her about the plan of salvation.”

Jamie Brown looked down her eyes filling with tears. “You are right. I don’t know why, but I’m scared, Amy.”

“Well, if we don’t get on the topic within thirty minutes, or if you continue to feel upset while being around her after thirty minutes, we’ll leave, okay?”

Sister Brown nodded.

Mie came outside with some lemonade and some small cakes. “Here you are, ladies.”

Sister Brown looked from Sister Anderson, to the lady that made her nervous and made the pit of her stomach seem to ache, and then at the lemon drink and the small cakes. She shook her head. Something inside her told her not to eat the cakes or drink the juice, though she couldn’t think of why this stranger would poison her.

Sister Anderson looked from the Mie to the small treats she sat on the table. Now normally, in Japan, just as I imagine it would be anywhere, if you are offered treats, it is considered a bit rude not to at least have a little. Sister Anderson smiled in gratitude.

“These look really good, Mrs. Nakamura.”

“I thought that you’d like them. Please have some.” And she put a couple of small cakes on small saucers and placed them in front of the girls. She also placed the lemon drink on the table in front of the girls.

Sister Anderson adjusted her skirt and looked up after nibbling on the cake. She felt nothing wrong with it, and she really wanted to get to the point of visiting this beautiful person from Japan.

Sister Brown, held her stomach as she looked at the untouched cake and lemon drink. She knew that she was being rude, but something inside her told her not to drink any juice or to touch the cake. Something was going to happen to her if she did…”

“Have you heard about the plan of Salvation?” Sister Anderson went bravely on to talk to this delightful person.

“No, please tell me about it,” Mie lied. She had indeed heard the message many times in her life, but she enjoyed it when people talked about it with her. She loved the passion that was in their voice when they mentioned it, and she felt like it gave her a great chance to practice her English, which was her main purpose for inviting the missionaries to have ‘tea’ with her. They were always willing, and whether she joined their church or not, they always talked to her.

Mie stood up after about fifteen minutes because the doorbell had rang. She glanced an apology at the young ladies, and excused herself.

“Sister Brown, is something wrong?” Sister Anderson asked a little worried about her junior friend.

“Something is telling me not to trust this woman,” Sister Brown replied. “Amy, I don’t want to eat the cake or drink the lemonade.”

“I’ve already drank half of mine. I assure you, there is nothing wrong with the lemonade, and the cake is really good. Are you really worried that there might be something bad in either?”

Sister Brown shook her head. She was sure that they were safe to eat and drink, and that they didn’t contain anything they shouldn’t have or Anderson would surely have rejected them.

“Then why are you trying to be rude to our host? She’s really trying to be pleasant, you know.”

“I know, but I have a feeling she’s deceiving us, and that something bad will happen to me if I have the juice.”

“Is it a prompting from the spirit?” Sister Anderson asked her with her eyebrows raised.

Sister Brown wasn’t really sure if it was from the spirit or not because Sister Anderson, who was in tune with the spirit, and who had been on her mission even longer, felt nothing at all wrong. She finally shook her head. It couldn’t be the spirit, could it? Why was she scared?

“If it’s not the spirit’s promptings, then please don’t offend our host,” Sister Anderson said with a smile but with a firmness in her voice that the matter was closed.

Sister Brown reluctantly took up the cake and placed a bite into her mouth. As soon as she bit down, she felt the dryness of the cake making her mouth beg for something to wash it down. There was no doubt that the cake was sweet and properly made to be very good, but still, it had made her already dry mouth a bit more thirsty.

In the meantime, Mie had come back from talking to her door visitor. She had a smile as she saw Sister Brown lifting the glass of lemon drink to her mouth. Finally, the young woman had stopped being so suspicious of her, and had started to enjoy the food she had placed out for them.

Sister Brown watched as Mie took her seat again and Sister Anderson started to talk about the church with her. The cup that she placed on her lips shook with even more worry than she had had when she bit into the cake. Something was definitely telling her not to drink the lemon drink.

The other two ladies stopped paying attention to Sister Brown for the moment, and Sister Brown could only focus on her own feelings of fear as she placed the cup shakily upon the table. The reason they were outside, was that the woman was a little nervous about inviting people she didn’t know into her house. It made sense to Sister Brown, but still, she wondered if what she had felt was a prompting by the spirit after all, as now, she started to feel like her bladder was filling up. Sister Anderson didn’t seem to stop talking, nor did she seem to fidget meaning that it was probably just a personal situation. Maybe it was because Sister Brown had not been to the toilet all afternoon, and God knew that she might find herself in a difficult position if she drank something right at this time, and she had not listened!

Sister Anderson turned to Sister Brown. “So, would you share about when following the spirit had helped you?”

‘How ironic,’ thought Sister Brown. “Well, the spirit guides me daily, but one time that I can really think that made a difference in my life, was when I was thinking about going to a party with my high school friends….” She had started to share her story. Deep down, she realized that the spirit was yet again trying to help her, and this time, she had ignored it. It’s a good thing that they were not talking about how NOT listening to the spirit could get you into trouble, because right now, this was the only example that came to mind.

As Sister Brown finished her story, she crossed her legs and looked up at Sister Anderson and then at Mrs. Nakamura.

“That’s a fantastic story,” Mie admitted. It wasn’t so much that she didn’t believe that warnings could come from supernatural places. Her father had been a follower of Buddha, and her mother’s family even followed more traditional Japanese beliefs so that she was not opposed to the intervention of a God or Gods, but she wondered if really, they were all celebrating the same God and just calling him or her something different.

“It is fantastic, isn’t it?” Sister Anderson grasped Mie’s words and turned them to mean something positive rather than something that would take away from the spirit. It’s fantastic that God would care for each of us in such a way, that he will influence our lives if we…” and she continued.

Sister Brown was now bouncing her legs badly and her hands were starting to creep towards her skirt as she shook. She didn’t know what she would do if the woman said no, but she had to ask.

“I’m awefully sorry,” Sister Brown blushed. “But would it be okay if I just went to the bathroom?”

“Well, the nearest place is the Seven-Eleven around the corner from here,” Mie smiled. She was going to be firm about them not coming into her house after all.

“I … I don’t think I can wait that long,” Sister Brown looked down. “Can’t I just use the one in the house? You can follow me and see that I don’t go anywhere else or touch anything,” she whispered.

“No. I already told you, that if you cannot give me first names, then I cannot invite you into the house. If you willingly trust me with your names, then I’ll trust you into my house.”

Sister Brown looked over at Sister Anderson, and the spirit inside her was already nudging her to not give her first name even before she saw Sister Anderson looking apologetically but shaking her head no.

“I guess I’ll wait,” Sister Brown said, her voice cracking into a little squeak.

Sister Anderson was torn. She was wanting to talk to Mie more about the church as she seemed so interested, but she also wanted to get Sister Brown some relief before something bad happened to her. She prayed inside her heart, and suddenly the doorbell rang.

Mie disappeared for a minute while the two girls were left alone.

“You won’t make it to Seven Eleven, will you?” Sister Anderson asked as she watched Sister Brown bouncing around and holding herself like a little girl.

“No,” a tear fell down the left side of her face.

Mie came back, and announced that she had someone important visiting. She invited them to come back in a couple of days and then turned the girls out onto the street, with Sister Brown still bouncing on her knees and yet trying to keep her hands decently away from her skirt.

It was not ideal, but Sister Anderson took Sister Brown’s hand and she led her down the street until they found the little alleyway she had remembered seeing.

“It wouldn’t be good for you pull down your pants here, but at least, no one else will see you pee,” she whispered. Just stand with your legs apart like this, and she showed Sister Brown what she meant. “Pull your skirt up just enough to out of the way of the pee, but keep your panties covered like this…”

Sister Anderson demonstrated everything, and soon, a stream fell from between her legs splattering the ground between her feet, and making a puddle. She peed for a few minutes, and then she stepped away from her puddle.

“Okay, your turn, Sister Brown. Make sure to get the skirt pulled away from your bottom. That is the most important place as that is where you will get wet if you do it wrong.”

Helping her ‘sister’ get the relief she needed, Sister Anderson smiled. Sister Brown couldn’t believe that Sister Anderson, normally a very confident and powerful woman in the Lord, had actually not only wet herself, but was teaching Sister Brown how to do it without drawing any attention to the accident after it happens.

Sister Brown could not get it started at first, though her body burned down there, and her hands kept wanting to go to the front of her skirt to hold it.

“Don’t put your hands in front of your skirt. If you do, you will make the pee get on the front of your skirt, and then everyone will see, and not only that, but it will make the back of your skirt cling to your legs and butt so it will get wet, too. Trust me, I’ve had to do this a few times.”

Sister Brown nodded and panted as she tried to let it go, but her body was scared to give up. She felt disgusted and too ashamed to pray about this. What if God said it was her own fault for not listening when he first told her not to drink the lemon drink? She stood there, her face getting redder both from embarrassment and from concentration until finally, she started to feel a little spurt slip into her panties causing her privates to feel wet. She bore down and pushed again, this time, making a bit of a stream that splattered the ground before it subsided.

“Come on,” Sister Anderson prodded her gently with words. “You need to finish before someone comes and catches us, or you will be really embarrassed.”

Sister Brown nodded and pushed really hard, only this time, not only did pee spill out of her warming up her panties and creeping nearly to the top of the back of them, but also she felt a heavier push from the rear, and gasped as she started to make a little crackling sound into her panties.

Sister Anderson realized by the smell that Sister Brown was really in trouble, now.

“Well, you’re already doing it. Just finish, and then we’ll go home, okay?”

“I…. I can’t finish that on purpose…”

“Yes, you can, and you better. You are already a mess, and you don’t want people starting at you if you are uncomfortable while we are walking home. If you just finish quickly now, no one will realize it’s you as long as you do what I taught you and keep your skirt out of the way. Now hurry up and do it.”

Sister Brown started to cry, her hands covering her face, so Sister Anderson held her skirt just the right way for her companion so that she could finish going in her pants. As she held the skirt at the proper place so it wouldn’t get wet, she saw the sagging mess as her friend’s panties filled with poop.

Finally, they started to walk home.

*002*2012-06-12 12:55

I might do something else with along the same lines, but different characters later, if people really did like it. I wasn't sure since it was kind of breaking a taboo... mixing religion with fetish. (shrug)

