Daniel and Amy - Page 28

Author: Barry

*677*2017-02-22 22:37

Chapter 6:

The boys settled into some serious gaming. Fifa and GTA both got a workout, as well as COD. Scott's mother appeared bearing bowls of potato chips at one point, and was cheered enthusiastically for her efforts.

Dan had trouble relaxing however. The ever present spectre of an accident was hovering over his head the entire time, and he struggled to relax because of it. It wasn't that he actually needed to pee or anything, as he had gone less than two hours ago, and had limited his fluid intake to just plain water, and not even much of that. But still, it was constantly on his mind. As he waited for his turn to play, his brain kept switching its focus towards his bladder, trying to gauge whether or not he needed to go, or was he just over exaggerating things in his mind. When he decided he could feel the slightest build up occurring, he almost jumped up straight away, but forced himself to remain seated instead.

The problem was, now he had been open and honest with his friends, he had put himself in the spotlight. In his mind at least, every single time he went to the toilet from now on, would be cause for a whispered discussion behind his back while he peed. He couldn't shake the thought that his friends would be talking about him, probably making bets or something about whether he'd made it or not. They'd definitely be discussing his diapers he decided, wondering between themselves if he'd wet himself yet, or not. It was like being a startled rabbit being caught in the sudden glare of approaching headlights. His friends were probably watching him now, wondering how long it would take him to go, perhaps thinking he'd probably end up having an accident before he did decide to visit the bathroom.

The bathroom was a whole other issue in itself. Yes, there was a nice, discrete little bin in there, but if he did need to change, he actually had to get a fresh diaper inside the bathroom first without being spotted. He wasn't concerned about changing before bed, as both Scott and himself would be expected too, but if he needed to change before then, he couldn't very well hide it, unless he took his soiled protection off and went without, and that was an idea he wasn't keen on.

So he was stuck. He didn't want to start just running to the toilet every ten minutes, but he didn't want to take any unnecessary risks either, and he certainly didn't want to be forced into a diaper change because he'd been to stupid to use the toilet because he was being stubborn. Besides, he was wearing a kiddie pull up, not a grownup one, and the risk of an embarrassing leak was significantly higher with them.

This was just stupid! He barely felt the slightest urge to go, so he shouldn't even be considering it. After all, he managed to hold onto larger amounts than this at school every day without any dramas. He wasn't completely incontinent, just a bit leaky sometimes, well, perhaps more than a bit, but it wasn't like he couldn't hold on at all! If only his friends weren't already aware of his last toilet break, at least then they wouldn't be able to judge the next one as too soon or anything.

Fuck it. It wasn't worth the risk of holding on, he decided. He'd just get up, walk to the bathroom, and relieve himself. If the guys were going to wonder amongst themselves, then let them! It would be better to have them wondering, than to take the wonder away by wetting himself. He had made up his mind to just get up and go, when Matt did exactly that. Dan sighed with relief, as that had taken the temptation to leave out of his hands for now. Besides, he could barely feel it anyway.

Him and Ali got handed the controllers, and their head to head battle commenced. It was short but intense, with Dan proving to be the victor, and he quickly gulped some water down while Ali and Scott swapped positions on the floor, with Scott now being the new challenger. Dan was in fine form however, and he quickly defeated his latest adversary, who again swapped seats, this time with Matt, and after another quick drink, the game continued.

Dans concentration was beginning to wane, however. Over the past half hour, his teeny urge to pee had now built up to a real urge, although still only minor. It was no doubt enhanced by the water he kept sipping on between battles, but hey, the chips were damn salty.

He still wasn't bursting or desperate, but now he could actually tell that he did need to go, and he didn't have to try and focus on it, as he was consciously aware of it by now. His gameplay was suffering because of his failing concentration, and defeat was now almost inevitable. He didn't mind this however, telling himself that enough time had elapsed that another pit stop certainly shouldn't raise any eyebrows now. Even Ali had gone again, although he was drinking Coke and not water. Yep, the time was now ripe enough for him to visit the bathroom without it being observed as being overly suspicious.

This was definitely a lot more stressful than holding on by himself or with Amy. At least then, the consequences weren't so dire.

He was about to die in the game, and almost gratefully so, expecting to simply hand the controller over to Ali again, then discretely go to the bathroom, but Matt suddenly paused the game as the door at the top of the stairs opened, and Mary appeared.

"Goodnight boys! I'm off to bed. I've got the early shift in the morning, so try and keep the noise down to a dull roar, alright? Scotty honey, your brothers not coming home tonight, he's staying at Cindys place, but your dad will be home by eleven. For goodness sake, try not to piss him off when he gets home, he's worked overtime tonight. If you guys need anything to eat or drink, help yourselves, but bring it back downstairs, Don't try and take over the lounge room or anything! Just keep out of the way down here, alright?"

"Yes mum, got it," Scott replied, and the other boys murmured their mutual agreement as well.

"How about you, Dan? Everything okay? Anything I can do for you before I go to bed?"

Dan blushed, mentally cursing his mothers big mouth again, but also kind of grateful that Mary had at least been concerned about him enough to ask, and relieved that she had worded her question generically, and not just asked him outright about the state of his clothes, sheets or diapers.

"Thanks Mary, I'm all good," he assured her, so she smiled, said goodnight again and shut the door.

After they heard her footsteps retreating towards the main bedroom at the front of the house overhead, Matt threw his controller aside, and scrambled on his hands and knees across the floor to his bag. He hunched over the open zipper, and rummaged around for a bit, before turning to his friends and holding up his treasure proudly.

"Feel like a smoke boys?" Matt asked, producing a crumpled packet of cigarettes and a lighter.

"Oh, you da man, Matty!" Ali exclaimed with a grin, leaning over for a fist bump.

Scott however looked less impressed.

"Bloody hell Matt, I thought you were giving those stupid things up! 'Specially after what happened to Danny here. You a slow learner or something?"

"What's your problem Scotty? It's not like you've never smoked 'em before! It's a bit late to cop an attitude about it now isn't it?"

"It's not an attitude, shithead. You know I'm not really into smoking. It's just plain stupid! Yes, I know I've done it before, but shit! You know I don't really like it. I thought we agreed after Danny and Amy got caught but didn't narc us in, that we'd take that as a lesson and not do it anymore? We were fucking lucky then guys, why push it?"

"Cause I want one, that's why," Matt replied simply, staring at his friends almost challengingly. "You don't haveta have one Scott, especially if you're gonna go all goody-goody on us! But I want one, and I'll bet Ali does as well?"

Ali looked sheepish. He couldn't bring himself to look directly at Scott.

"He's right Scotty. You don't haveta join in, that's your call. But I'd like one. Why don't you and Dan set up a new game, and Matty and me will sneak out the back? We'll be back in like five minutes. Sorry man," he added.

Scotts shoulders slumped a bit. "Suit yourselves guys. If ya wanna fuck ya lungs up, go right ahead. Just make sure you don't let mum hear you sneaking around, and for Christs sake, go around the side of the fucking garage where nobody can see you, and don't leave your filthy butts on the ground!"

"My butts not filthy!" Ali objected, playfully wiggling his backside in Matts direction, which caused them all to chuckle, breaking the tension a bit.

"Piss off you losers," Scott said, but he smiled. "Danny and me will wait here for you."

But Dan had other ideas. Suddenly, he saw a way of getting back at his mother. He knew the risk was great, but she had really pissed him off today, and he felt like breaking some rules. His earlier plan to pee was now completely forgotten, as he looked at the cigarette packet in Matts hand.

"Actually Matty, I wouldn't mind one of those too, if you've got a spare one that is?"

"Way to go Danny boy! Cause I've gotta spare."

Scott groaned audibly. "Jesus Danny! Think about this! Your mum will fucking kill you if she finds out! Fuck me, you've only just got off being grounded and losing your phone, remember? Remember how you didn't see your girlfriend for like a whole weekend? What'll happen if your mum catches you smoking again? She'll fucking kill you!"

Dan looked at Scott levelly, and spoke in a cool, no-nonsense voice.

"I hear you mate, and I appreciate your concern, but frankly, I couldn't give a flying fuck what my mum thinks or says at the moment." He looked at the other two boys, "So, whaddya say? We going to do this, or what?"

"Sure man, let's go," Matt said with undisguised excitement.

"Sorry Scott, we'll be back in a few minutes," Ali told his friend in a guilty voice without looking at him directly.

Scott shook his head ruefully, sitting down in front of the TV and picking up a controller.

"You guys are fucking nuts," he announced, and promptly turned his attention toward the screen.

The trio of young boys snuck quietly upstairs, feeling equal parts scared and excited about their illicit adventure. The kitchen light was on, but the rest of the house was in darkness, and the barefoot boys didn't make a sound as the padded quietly across the tiled floor. The sliding door to the backyard opened smoothly without so much as a whisper, and they stepped outside into the night.

As they had snuck their way upstairs, the nervousness had kicked in, and Dans need to relieve himself had suddenly appeared in his mind again, but by then, he couldn't very well turn around and go back down again, less he look chicken or something. Never mind, he'd be able to pee outside shortly.

The cold tiles under his bare feet didn't help, and the cement outside was even worse. He wished he'd had the foresight to put his bedtime socks on first, or perhaps even to just have gone to the toilet, then his cold feet wouldn't be an issue. But he'd done neither, so he just winced in the darkness as he followed his mates.

Matty paused briefly, holding up his hand in a "stop" gesture. He flicked his lighter on briefly, just long enough to get his bearings, then signaled for the others to follow him towards the side of the garage.

It was really quite exciting to be sneaking around in the dark, and the three kids were still young enough to have vivid and active imaginations, and although they would never admit it to each other, each of them were partially scared, but also playing imaginary games with themselves as they walked.

Matt was seeing himself as a spy, leading his team deep into enemy territory, while Ali was pretending to be an explorer, discovering a lost city, which left army obsessed Dan, being a brave soldier, (who was wearing a camouflage nappy, although not in his fantasy) trying to escape from a P.O.W. camp.

The chilly night air, the cold cement, and the nervous anticipation of perhaps being discovered at any moment, teamed up with an already full bladder, which had been sent numerous messages promising immediate relief for some time now, made Danny very uncomfortable.

Now, he was in the Danger Zone, and he knew it.

Even under normal circumstances, playtime with Amy not withstanding, he would be immediately looking for a toilet. This is when he would put up his hand, asking to be excused from class. Now is when he'd be telling his mum that no, he couldn't wait until he got home, but she'd have to pull over, and sooner would be good please. He found himself squeezing his boyhood through the Goodnite, and only when he had a handful of padding, did he realise that he was doing it in front of his friends, and he swiftly dropped his hand away, thankful for the cloaking shield of darkness that had hidden his childish shame. They stepped onto the grass, and his toes curled as it tickled his feet at its first embrace, causing him to shudder a bit.

Matt was handing the smokes out, and had to tap Dans hand with it to get his attention, figuring incorrectly that his friend had missed the gesture in the dark. Dans attention was diverted from his immediate problem as he took the offered temptation, and leaned forward to accept the accompanying spark of the lighters flame.

The boys didn't speak, just grinned at each other in the shadows. The intrepid explorer and the dashing spy, were silently still living out their own private fantasies, but the brave soldier was no where to be seen. Dan had completely forgotten his little daydream, and was focusing on how his toes kept scrunching up, his feet moved, his knees bent, and how his left hand, the one without the lit cigarette in it, kept clenching into a fist.

Dan didn't even try to inhale. He was too aware of what the consequences of a smoking induced coughing fit would be. They would probably disturb Mary, and would be caught, but not before he'd wet himself thoroughly.

He was puffing away, when for no reason he could ascertain, he suddenly leaked. It just started dribbling out. He clamped down with his muscles clenched as tightly as possible, and he managed to restrict it greatly, but he couldn't stop it.

His small bladder had reached capacity, no doubt helped along by factors such as nerves and cold, and it was going to continue draining itself until the levels had subsided enough.

He kept trickling.

He felt a slowly creeping warmth underneath his balls, and his penis twitched, letting a larger dribble escape.

Dan waited no longer.

He swiftly turned his back on his friends, pulled down the front of his shorts and his pull up, and peed all over the fence.

When he tucked himself away again, he could feel a warm dampness around the front of his diaper, but it had worked brilliantly, drawing the moisture away and locking it. He was no more than slightly damp, and nowhere near a leak.

"Oh man, I was really busting all of a sudden," he hissed softly, and Matt flicked the lighter briefly, showing his and Ali's grinning faces.

Now his bladder was empty, he could actually smoke properly without fear of coughing, so he inhaled deeply, instantly feeling a touch lightheaded as the smoke reached his lungs, especially after his nervous hold was now over. The boys crushed their butts, made sure they were extinguished correctly, then threw them over the fence into the empty lot.

Dan was extremely aware of the warm wetness around his member as they snuck back inside. He double checked his shorts by touch in the darkness, confirming they were still dry, heaving a sigh of relief when he found that they were.

It was a bit awkward now. His nappy was wet, although not saturated, and it didn't show, which was good. But he had just peed in front of his friends. There was absolutely no way he could possibly go to the toilet and change, as they would no doubt be watching him closely for any signs that he may have had an accident, and another toilet visit, especially one that involved carrying his bag in with him, would only confirm what had happened.

Dan had no choice really. He would have to stay in his wet diaper, at least for now, and put off the idea of a change until the time came to get undressed for bed.

It wasn't ideal, but he knew he wouldn't be smelly after all the water he'd drank, so he'd just have to put up with it.

*679*2017-03-02 23:49

Chapter 7:

Dan sat down next to Scott, while the other boys were occupied across the room with something else. Scott looked at Dan appraisingly. "Danny, you know you don't haveta just whatever those two do, dontcha? No ones gonna think anything bad about you for being yourself. It's not like you haveta like impress anybody or anything."

"What are ya getting at here Scott? I'm not sure I'm following you here?"

Scott glanced across at the other boys, making sure that they were still out of earshot.

"Look mate, I'm not sure how much you've picked up here, so let me explain. Matt and Ali are my best friends, same as you now, I guess. But you've gotta put it into perspective. As much as I love the guys, Mattys never had an original idea in his life, and Ali's like a puppy. He'll just go along with whatever's happening. If me and Matt set ourselves on fire, Ali would be borrowing the matches, and Matt wouldn't need too much convincing himself."

Dan looked quizzically at his friend. It almost sounded like Scott was being mean about his best friends, and that was very much unlike him. They were like The Three Musketeers or something.

"I'm not sure I get you on this Scotty."

Scott sighed. "Look Dan. I guess what I'm trying to say, is that your a smart kid. You're better than that. I might be wrong, and I guess you'll tell me if I am, but I reckon you're still in the mindset that you've gotta like impress us or something. I kinda get it I s'pose, you've gotta lotta shit you deal with, and I guess it ain't easy, but you don't haveta just be talked into doing shit just to fit in. Not with us, anyway. Fuck dude, what I'm trying to say, is that your mum is gonna kill you, like for real, if she catches you smoking again, so why do it? It's a stupid thing to do anyway. I can't believe numbnuts over there hasn't learned that yet, specially after what happened to you."

Dan tried to maintain his cool, and not exhibit any emotion, and he succeeded, at least for the most part, but Scotts words had struck a chord with him. He actually felt touched that he'd found a friend who cared enough to talk to him like this. It had been a long time since he'd had friends who actually cared about him. But he managed to keep any emotion out of his voice as he responded.

"Thanks man. I appreciate you looking out for me, but it's not necessary, really. I wanted to have a smoke, not to impress anyone, but because I wanted one. It's like really cool that you'd tell me that, but trust me, I wasn't trying to like show off or nothing. I wanted to have one."

Scott smiled and shrugged. "Okay mate. That's your call of course. It's none of my business what you do, but I just didn't want you to think you hadda do shit you didn't wanna do just to like fit in or something, that's all."

He held out his clenched fist, which Dan bumped, and the other kids were returning, so the dropped the subject. Their little adventure outside wasn't mentioned again, and that suited Dan just fine.

In truth Dan did feel some guilt for smoking, but nothing to do with any promises to his mother, but for his pact with Amy. They had agreed not to smoke anymore, and he suddenly felt like he had let her down. Now, more than anything, he wanted to talk to her again, perhaps to apologise, and admit his indiscretion. But he'd spoken to her not long ago, so he wouldn't call her again, nor would he send her a text. After all, she was having her own fun with Nikki, so he wouldn't burden her with his guilty conscience.

He settled in to watch the other kids play their game, his attention now focused on the wet spot in his pull up. It would be fantastic to change, just in case he did smell a bit and hadn't noticed, or in case he had leaked a bit and missed it, but it was virtually impossible to do a diaper change with nobody noticing. Of course he could always just go and take his wet Goodnight off, and go without protection until he put his night diaper on later, but not only did he not want to take that risk, but Ali and Matt had just seen him peeing outside, and armed with their newfound knowledge about him, they would wonder why he'd needed to go to the toilet again so soon, and might notice that he'd taken his pull up off, which would lead them to the obvious conclusion. No, it would just be easier to put up with his wet pull up until he changed for bed later. Besides, it wasn't like uncomfortable or anything, so he did his best to put it out of his mind.

Eventually it was well past midnight when by general consensus, it was agreed that it was time for bed. Matt and Ali got changed near their respective beds, both swapping their shorts and briefs for boxers.

Getting undressed, or being around others who are getting undressed at that age can be awkward. The boys had to do it at school at least once a week for gym class, not to mention sometimes for field trips, swimming lessons, or sports days.

What makes it awkward is the general curiosity of others. Most boys in the early stages of adolescence are curious creatures. They have stuff happening to their bodies that no amount of sex-ed instructions will sufficiently cover, and they need to compare themselves to others. There's nothing sexual about it at all, merely a need to confirm that the changes happening to them are being experienced by others.

After spending the first 12-13 years of their lives with the only real physical changes being getting bigger, suddenly other stuff starts changing as well. Hair starts sprouting where none has grown before, their voices start cracking and changing, and of course their sexual organs change as well. Every adolescent boy knows this, of course, but every boy also go through phases where it seems like it's only affecting them. Some things can appear that they are the only ones being affected, and other things they wait impatiently to start happening, with a real, genuine fear that they are being left behind the curve.

Its never the open topic of conversation in a group environment, more of a whispered discussion amongst close friends when nobody else is around. Every kid in every class automatically knows whose got the hairiest legs or armpits, or whose growing their facial hair the quickest, and the constant worry about penis size is very real.

Most boys have grown up with no qualms whatsoever about being seen naked, especially by their parents or siblings until recently, but now, things are changing, and physical privacy becomes paramount. Now, there's no way they'd ever let their parents walk in on them whilst having a shower or getting dressed.

Conversely though, getting changed around your friends is seen as a badge of honour. It should be done openly, without trying to hide anything. In fact, if a boy should go out of his way to seek privacy, it makes the other boys automatically wonder exactly what the boy in question is trying so hard to hide.

Now obviously not all boys develop at the same rate. In a class of fourteen year olds, there will be a select handful that are nearing physical maturity, whilst another small group may not have even started puberty yet. The majority are stuck in the middle, sometimes yearning for puberty to hurry up and get on with it, and at other times just wishing that things could remain the same, which would be easier.

So boys check each other out. They want confirmation that they are not suffering alone with their body issues. It's important to see that they are not the only ones who haven't developed a full thatch of pubic hair yet, or that their boyhood isn't the only one that hasn't reached the fabled sizes that they've all seen in magazines, online, and in movies.

But there's some unwritten rules which apply though. You should never ever just stare. That's creepy. You shouldn't ever comment either, because that's kinda gay. Turning your back is acceptable while changing, but it shouldn't be necessary to actually leave the room. You need to accept that other boys are going to look at you, and have the faith that like you, they're only curious, and aren't going to just strike up a conversation about your dick. There's nothing more awkward than a bunch of 13-15 year olds trying to casually get dressed around one another, all anxious and curious about what each other is growing up like, while trying to maintain your own privacy, although not to the extent that you need to hide yourself.

So while Matt and Ali got changed, they stood aside, turned their backs, and casually exchanged their briefs for boxers. Scott had seen it all before, and he didn't even offer a glance, but Daniel was a bit more curious. He and Ali shared a gym class, and he was aware that the darker skinned boy was quite hairy by nature, although size wise was just average, but he'd never seen Matt undressing before. They played the usual routine of talking to each other while Dan tried not to be obviously looking, and Matt, knowing that he was looking, tried to stand in a way that shielded his privacy, without trying to appear that he was actually shy or anything. In the end, Dan was a touch surprised to discover Matt, the biggest boy in the group physically, wasn't exactly ahead of the curve in the puberty department. He actually appeared to have even less pubic hair than what Dan had, which made Dan feel better.

The normal rules of privacy wouldn't apply to Dan in this situation, as he was wearing a pull up. Even though his friends knew, Hell would actually have to freeze over before he'd consider undressing in front of them whilst wearing that. It was the reason he didn't wear to school on Monday mornings, because he knew that he'd be getting changed for gym first up.

He was a bit worried about exactly how he would go about getting changed around the other boys, but in the end, Scott, who sensed his discomfort, came to his rescue.

"I'm gonna go get changed Danny-boy. You can use the bathroom after me, okay?"

Dan sighed with relief, trying not to show it as he thanked his friend, who had gathered up his back pack and disappeared into the bathroom, emerging a few minutes later wearing grey sweatpants, with his pull up not being at all noticeable beneath it. Dan was relieved, as he had opted for sweatpants himself, not knowing if the other boys wore pyjamas or not.

He took his turn in the bathroom, where he removed his shorts and pull up, and sat on the toilet, trying his hardest to completely empty his bladder. Instead of throwing the used pull up in the trash, he put it into a plastic bag, tied it securely, and stuffed it into the bottom of his pack. He hoped that by keeping his soiled Goodnight to himself, the other kids wouldn't need to ever find out that he'd wet himself a bit earlier on. He put his white socks on, as was his lifelong habit before going to bed, then taped himself into a big, puffy, adult diaper.

It had been something that he'd given a lot of thought too. Even though the tape on was thicker than the pull up, and therefore not as easily concealed, he'd opted for the extra protection it would provide. After all, his mates knew he'd be wearing a diaper anyway, so concealment wasn't as important as safety. At least it wouldn't leak. He stepped into his baggy, shiny black sweats, safe in the knowledge that not only would they not cling to his butt and make his diaper bulge any more visible than necessary, but also wouldn't show off any wet spot should he leak. He swapped his t-shirt for a clean one.

It was an old one of his fathers, black, and way too big, coming down below his backside, and emblazoned with an AC/DC logo across the chest. He brushed his teeth, took a deep breath to steady his nerves, and went back to join his friends. He was aware that they all cast him a subtle look as he re-entered the room, trying not to look as if they weren't checking him out to see if his diaper was visible, but nothing got said, and they chatted away for a while longer before finally deciding to go to bed.

Dan could feel his mood changing rapidly. He was getting extremely tired, and could feel himself starting to get grumpy. The stress of the evening was starting to take its toll on him emotionally. Although he'd certainly had fun, at least up till now, the constant worry about wetting himself, the frank admission to his friends about what it was like, then actually having an accident, albeit a minor one, all had built up into a constant state of stress, with the worst part still to come, the sleeping part.

He didn't get into his sleeping bag, choosing to fully unzip it and use it as a blanket instead, and the protective plastic sheet over his air mattress seemed to rumble like thunder as he crawled in. Scott switched the light off, leaving the bathroom light on, where it showed a strip of light emanating from the crack underneath the door.

As he lay there, trying to be quiet, he could feel his hormonal emotions bubbling up inside him.

He felt incredibly homesick all of a sudden. His earlier anger towards his mother had dissipated, and he missed her, hell, he felt like he actually needed her right now. This was so completely different to sleeping over at Amy's. Even though Scott shared their problem, it was nowhere near the same feeling of mutual safety that he had when he was with her. Oh God, he missed her as much as he missed his mum.

He was overly tired, stressed out, worried about what would happen overnight, and how he might deal with it in the morning. He was scared, homesick, and felt very alone all of a sudden.

Dan forced a cough out, trying to disguise the sudden sob that had escaped him, and as he lay in the dark, he could feel the wetness of tears running down his cheeks as he cried silently.

*685*2017-03-04 22:51

I'm thinking Dan will be the next one to mess. Or Nikki, that's probably going to happen one day. I just don't think it would be around Amy, unless on accident.

Amy really hates it with a passion. She was a bit weirded out when she discovered that Nikki had done it for fun before, and I don't think that Nikki doing it would make Amy feel any better about having an accident of her own.

But young Daniel is intrigued. He's very curious about what it's like for Amy, and he's intrigued about what she sometimes goes through.

When he found out that Nikki had done it on purpose, the ideas been floating around in the back of his mind to try it one day. He's really starting to accept the idea of wetting for fun, and is curious as to whether or not messing could hold the same thrill.

He just needs the appropriate amount of time and freedom, which isn't always available for kids.

Im kinda liking the idea of Dan and Nikki being alone at some stage. Perhaps without Amy being there, they might be brave enough to push their limits a bit without worrying about offending her with their experiment.

So many ideas.....

*687*2017-03-08 04:55

Chapter 8:

As they talked to the boys, Nikki and Amy drank a lot of water. They had agreed earlier that tonight was going to be a night for exploring their boundaries in regards to holding on. Nikki had produced a cool-ish bottle of Coke from her bag, and the girls drank that greedily before starting on the water. Amy wasn't supposed to drink soft drinks after dinner, so she made sure to keep the bottle hidden underneath her bed when it wasn't being drank from. She could only imagine the disapproving look that Sonia would give her if she found her daughter drinking copious amounts of soda before going to bed.

By the time "The Walking Dead" DVD was put on, the Coke had been well and truly finished, and both girls were a bit hyper from the instant sugar rush. They were extremely restless and giggly, and had to rewind a few times to watch parts they missed thanks to their incessant chattering.

It felt good though. Good to just be a kid. They laughed at everything and nothing, they played stupid games, threw pillows at one another, shared stuff from their phones, and just totally relaxed. In fact, Amy couldn't remember the last time she'd felt so chilled. Even with Dan, who she felt 100% comfortable with, she was rarely so at ease. When he was there, the mood was usually charged with a simmering sexual tension, or they were urgently and earnestly talking to each other, sharing more and more about their lives, hopes and dreams. Even if it had of been Dan watching TV with her instead of Nikki, he would no doubt be rubbing her feet and legs, and their joint arousal would be an unspoken distraction.

She loved Dan with all her heart, and was even harbouring hopes of perhaps moving in with him some day in the distant future, marrying him, producing his children, and it was simply the best feeling in the world, but as fun and exciting and erotic as that was, it wasn't always relaxing. They spent a lot of time trying not to get caught by their parents, whether wetting, or fooling around. Tonight was different. The worst thing she was doing was drinking soda, and she could just completely chill out, and it was fantastic not to be "on" all the time.

Before settling in to watch TV, Nikki had wanted to change her almost destroyed pull up, and hesitatingly asked Amy if she'd like one as well.

"I know they're not as good as your real diapers," she explained, "but I owe you a few, and I've gotta use them before my mum finds them."

"I'd love to wear one for a change," Amy had replied, then both girls started giggling madly at her choice of words.

As was her way, Nikki didn't hesitate to simply pull her Goodnight down without a second thought, and an amused Amy passed her the packet of wet wipes. Holding the front of her dress up with one hand, she wiped her sparsely thatched pubic mound with some, spreading her legs wide to get every spot clean.

Amy wasn't used to getting undressed around other kids. At school, she always used a toilet cubicle to hide her diaper, and even after swimming lessons she kept a towel in place around herself as she stripped out of her wet bathers, but tonight she was feeling brave, reinforced by the light headed sugar rush she was experiencing, so she had followed Nikkis lead, taking off her shorts and diaper, then openly cleaning herself in front of her friend.

Nikki was eyeing her enviously. "Wow you're pretty Amy! You're so much more grown up looking than what I am! I still look like a little kid. I wish I was as mature looking as what you are."

"I'm a year and a bit older than you Nik, remember? I wouldn't stress too much. In another year I'm sure you'll fill out just fine."

"I hope so Ames. I mean, look at this. These are pathetic!"

Nikki pulled her dress over her head, and stood almost naked in front of her friend, with her pink Goodnight being the only thing between her, and total nudity.

"I've seen boys with bigger tits than these! They're pathetic! I hope I can get a big chest like yours someday. What's it like actually having a figure?"

Amy was a bit surprised. It was a question she had never really asked herself. Up until only recently, (See: meeting Dan) she had done her best to not stick out too much. The semi-goth look was big, as it allowed her to dress in baggy pants or skirts, long t-shirts, or at least knee length dresses, almost always predominantly black or at least very dark, as it acted as a good camouflage for her diapers. It had taken a lot of reassurance from her boyfriend to make her realise that she was in fact not an ugly freak. She was just now starting to wear brighter colours and use less eye makeup, as she started to at last feel comfortable about her body. Her next move was purely impulsive, and something that a month ago she never would've dreamed of doing.

She pulled her t-shirt over her head, leaving herself standing naked, apart from her slightly grubby white ankle socks, her large breasts proudly on display, as she performed a pirouette. At first she clamped a hand demurely across her naked chest, but forced herself to drop it, and for the first time in her life, she stood proudly in front of another girl whilst wearing no clothes.

"This is what you're gonna look like soon Nik. Trust me. You're already beautiful, and when you fill out a bit more, you're gonna be absolutely gorgeous."

The naked girl and the diapered girl stood opposite each other, taking it all in. One wasn't used to being naked around others, while her friend wasn't used to being seen in a diaper. It was an exhilarating experience for both of them, naughty and exciting at the same time.

Neither girl spoke, but just looked at each other instead. Amy could see just how skinny Nikki actually was. It was no wonder that she still fitted into a medium Goodnight. Her hips were basically non-existent, and her tummy was completely flat, without a spare ounce of flesh to be seen. Her chest was definitely flat, with only the first signs of boobs starting to show, but even naked, she had a certain self assuredness about her body, regardless of what she might think about it.

In contrast, Amy was the polar opposite. She was closer to being a woman than a girl these days, and had filled out nicely. Her tummy was flat, albeit scarred, her hips were well rounded, her backside high and taut, resembling a ripe peach, and her boobs were large for a girl her age. Her blonde hair, streaked with purple for tonight, cascaded over her strong shoulders in straight waves. She obviously lacked the confidence in her body that her friend had, but by sheer force of will, she made herself stand openly for the younger girls inspection.

A silence fell upon the room. It wasn't uncomfortable at all, but somehow charged with tension. Both girls visually took in all that was before them, before it suddenly started to suddenly feel awkward for some reason. Trying not to appear as if she was hurrying, Amy deliberately took the offered pull up, and slid her socked feet into it, pulling it up over her hips. It fitted, but only just, and it was pretty tight around her waist. It felt nice though, certainly thinner and lighter than what she was used too, and the butterfly design on the front was absolutely adorable.

Her first thought was just imagining how much Danny would like to see her like this, in socks and a kiddie pull up. She may have to borrow one for later, she decided. She was aware that her nipples had gone hard, so she quickly slid her shirt back on, then her shorts. She glanced at Nikki, who was still watching her as she dressed, but making no move to get dressed herself, and saw her friend had a contemplative expression on her face. It appeared that the younger girl was on the verge of speaking, but she gave a silent shake of her head instead, before slipping her own pull up on, followed by her dress. Neither girl mentioned the sudden change of atmosphere, and Amy busied herself by taking a large drink of water, then passed the bottle to Nikki, who took it gratefully, apparently glad of the distraction.

They settled onto Amys bed again, laying side by side, their legs occasionally touching, and restarted the DVD.

*689*2017-03-13 23:49

Chapter 9:

By the end of the first series, both girls were wearing wet pull ups. Amy had ended up pulling the top sheets and blankets off the bed, leaving them sprawled out on the bottom sheet, which had a waterproof protector underneath it.

"Just use your nappy," Amy had instructed her friend, when Nikki had been about to pause the show for a much needed bathroom break. "Don't worry about leaks. Believe me, I've got heaps of spare sheets! The whole trick is, try and pee slowly, like a pre-emptive strike. If you flood it, it'll leak for sure, particularly these kiddie pull ups, but if you let go slowly and control it, they'll actually hold a fair amount."

Amy had produced an old blanket from her closet, and they snuggled up together on it, and started experimenting. Amy went first, starting off by retrieving her pink pacifier from her drawer, which made Nikki laugh gaily as Amy put it in her mouth, before spreading her legs apart and giving a running commentary on what she was doing. Her words were slightly garbled as she spoke around the pacifier.

"I'm letting go now. Here it comes, I'm trying to hold it back a bit, ooh, now, ohh it's starting! There! I just peed a bit, oh! A bit more........I'm leaking slowly now, Niiiikkkiiii! I'm doing it! I'm peeing! I can't sto....yes I can! I stopped it. No I didn't! I'm still leaking I think! Argh! My bums all wet! Wait......that's better, yep! I've got this now! I'm controlling it."

She pulled her pink shorts up tightly around her groin, the fabric stretching tautly across her padded region, showing the outline of her pull up perfectly. Both girls stared in rapt fascination at her groin as she gave her running commentary on the action going on inside her diaper, with the pair of them waiting for a visible wet patch to appear, but none did.

"There ya go!" Amy announced proudly. "Pissed my pants and ya can't even tell!"

Nikki wasn't convinced. "Roll sideways Ames, let me look at your butt."

Amy did as she was instructed, rolling away from Nikki, who examined her friends backside with a giggle.

"FAILURE!" Nikki declared with a laugh! You gotta wet spot!"

Amy reached behind herself, running a hand quickly across her backside, pausing to tug at a suddenly discovered wet patch. She tried to crane her neck around far enough to look, but couldn't, so she had to make do with looking at the light blue blanket she had been sitting on instead, exclaiming "Shit!" in a loud voice, upon discovery of the small plate sized wet spot on which she had been sitting.

"Bloody kiddie pull ups! I love the feeling of wearing them, but they simply don't hold as much as the grownups ones!"

She settled her wet backside back onto the wet patch on the blanket, then drew her socked feet upwards, raising her knees and parting them, giving her hand access to slip between her legs and allow her to tug and explore the wet area with her probing fingers. Nikki got up to stand at the foot of the bed, where she could see between Amys parted thighs, giving her a view of the highly visible dark patch that was in sharp contrast to the light pink cotton.

"My turn!" Nikki announced eagerly. She wasted no time at all in jumping back on the bed to face Amy, and sitting Indian style, with her legs crossed and her feet tucked against her thighs, as she held her dress up high, fully exposing her pink pull up.

"I might already be a bit wet," she announced, before slipping a finger into her leg band and rubbing the padding in the crotch and shaking her head. "Nope. Thought I was for a second, but not yet. I will be in a moment though!"

Her face became expressionless as her gaze lowered to where Amy was looking, directly at the butterfly on her crotch, waiting for it to fade away like Amys had.

"Righto. Here I go. I'm trying to pee slowly......and......here it comes.....and, OHMYGODICANTSTOP! Wait! There! I've got it. Amy! I'm peeing myself now! But I'm controlling it this time! Oh God, it tickles! But it feels reeeeaaallll good! There! I'm done!

"Did I leak?"

Amy inspected the area of blanket between Nikkis thighs with the seriousness of a CSI technician examining a crime scene for vital evidence. She had her friend roll sideways as well, but was able to report back that it appeared that Nikkis pull up had handed its job better than what Amys had. During a giggly discussion, the teens agreed that it probably came down to a better fit for Nikki as much as any other factor. Either that, or it was a control thing. Nikki certainly had better control at regulating her flow than what Amy did, although as she informed her friend, when she genuinely lost control, she usually couldn't stop until her bladder was emptied.

"That's what I thought was gonna happen at first," she explained. "I kinda hadta push a bit to get started, then I couldn't stop for a few seconds. But I managed too at last. Is that what doing a pre-emptive strike is like for you Amy?"

It wasn't the first time that they'd had that discussion, but it was the first time they'd had it while wearing wet diapers, and that somehow made it more fun and exciting, adding a definite "naughty" feeling to the whole thing. Amy thought it felt really liberating to be openly using her dummy in front of her friend as well. The use of the dummy, the feel of the wet pull up, the sight of the wet patch on the blanket, and the topic of conversation all made Amy feel very little, just as she did when she played little games with Dan. It wasn't nearly as good as having Daniel actually there, but like wearing socks, it made her feel somehow connected with him in his absence.

Even though she was thoroughly enjoying her time with Nikki, she would've happily swapped her for Danny in a heartbeat.

The girls made absolutely no effort to get changed at all. Nikki let her dress fall down again, but Amy still caught glimpses of it whenever the younger girl shifted her position on the bed. A slightly nervous moment ensued when Sonia knocked and walked straight in to say goodnight without waiting for an invitation, and Amy had a slight panic that her mother might see the wet patch that she was sitting on, but she apparently didn't see anything, and must've assumed that the blanket had been taken out for Nikki to use. Amy had indeed been lucky to spit the pacifier out and over the side of the bed mere seconds before the door had opened. Both girls said goodnight, then collapsed in nervous laughter when Sonia finally left. As worried as what Amy had been about her mum seeing the wet blanket, Nikki was just as worried about being caught wearing a wet pull up. Sonia didn't know about her daughters friend wearing them for fun, and that's exactly how they wanted to keep it.

"So, do you wanna try wearing a tape up to bed tonight?" Amy asked, after their diaper wearing discussion entered its second hour.

"Of course I'd like to!" Nikki replied. "But they probably won't fit me. You know how your adult pull ups are like wayyyy too big in me? Well, the tape ups are only gonna be the same, surely?"

Amy looked contemplativley at her. "Maybe. Maybe not. You get a lot more adjustments with the tape ons. There's tapes for the legs as well as the waist, and I can help you put one on, that's if you wanted me to of course."

Nikki looked delighted at the idea. "Oh Ames, would you? Really? I really wanted to try one, but I didn't want to ask, and I was afraid they wouldn't fit me anyway, not after wearing the pull up ones. I'd love to wear one to bed, especially if I could just pee into it and not worry about it leaking! That'd be like a dream come true!"

Amy had to stifle a laugh at Nikkis enthusiasm. There was no denying that the younger girl really liked wearing diapers. Amy wondered what her own reaction to them would've been like if she'd never HAD to wear them. Would she still have a secret desire to wear, like Nikki definitely did, or would she feel a general disgust towards them, as so many other kids did? Her and Dan had discussed it before, and came to the conclusion that a lot more people would actually like wearing them, if only they would try them first before judging.

"Okay Nik. You go to the toilet, if you want to of course, that's up to you. But brush your teeth, and take that wet diaper off. You can use a plastic bag under the sink, and throw it into the diaper bin in the bathroom. Don't worry, mum won't find it. I empty that bin myself, and there's zero chance she'd start undoing plastic bags in there to look inside. There's a clean washcloth in the drawer of the bathroom bench. Give yourself a good clean down there, then when ya come back, I'll help you to put a real, big diaper on. You're gonna love it I reckon!"

Nikki did as she was instructed, and was soon back, and positively glowing with excitement. "What now?" She asked nervously.

"Okay Nik," Amy replied, "Just lay down on the edge of my bed, and I'll put it on for you I guess."

Nikki, being Nikki, wasn't at all self conscious about sitting on the edge of the bed, pulling her dress up nice and high, exposing her pelvic region completely, and lying back. Amy looked seriously at her friends diaper area, and voiced a concern.

"You've got a bit of a rash starting down there Nik. Are you itchy or anything?"

"Not really Ames. Well, perhaps a little bit, I guess. It does feel a bit sore around my legs. Whaddya mean 'a rash?' Like a diaper rash?"

"That's what it looks like Nik. Trust me. I'm an expert on diaper rash. Don't panic though, I've got some really good cream you can put on it, that usually helps a lot."

Amy put her pacifier back into her mouth, and went to her chest of drawers and started rummaging around in the lowest one. Nikki craned her head to watch, and was rewarded with the sight of Amys backside sticking high up in the air, with the big dark pink wet patch showing up across her bum cheeks in an almost perfect circle. She found her hand sliding down and brushing across her moist girlhood as she watched, but took it away before her friend turned around again.

Amy squirted a small amount of slippery barrier cream in each of the junctions of Nikkis thighs, and a bit around her sparse pubic hair. She took the girls hand, gently guiding it down.

"There, there, and there Nik. Rub that in nice and thick, and I'll diaper you."

Nikki started rubbing the ointment in slowly but firmly. She kept watching Amy as she did so, who at first had her attention on the sore looking areas, but she noticed her friend was looking at her, so she raised her glance, and they locked eyes.

Nikki lay back, gently rubbing the cream all around her sex, whilst her gaze remained firmly on the beautiful girl in the pee stained shorts with the pacifier sticking out of her mouth. She was rubbing it in with firm, even strokes, and Amy kept looking at where she was touching herself.

"There. How's that look Amy? Did I get it all?"

Amy noticed one dollop of ointment had been missed on the inside of Nikkis left leg.

"You've, um, missed a little bit Nik...."

"Could you get it for me Ames? I just can't see from this angle I'm afraid."

Amy was almost in a daze. Something felt right, but wrong at the same time. She didn't allow herself any time to think about it, she just reached down and put her index finger in the dollop of barrier cream, and started rubbing it in, using soft but firm circular strokes. Before she knew that she was going to do it, she had squeezed a bit more ointment out, and was rubbing that in as well, enjoying the way that Nikkis flesh was so soft and pliant beneath her fingers. She started sucking on her pacifier more hurriedly, and her gentle massage increased in intensity, and for a short while neither girl uttered a sound.

Nikki suddenly let out a groan of pleasure, and her hips arched upwards off the bed. Her eyes had been closed, but they came open then, and the girls locked their eyes with each other.

Amy suddenly seemed to realise exactly what she was doing, and started to pull her hand back, but Nikki was quicker, her own hand moving with the speed of a striking cobra, grabbing her hand, and forcing it to remain where it was.

"More please?" Nikki asked with a whispered voice, and Amy complied, continuing her ministrations and pressure. Nikkis hand guided hers towards her sensitive area, and pushed on it, urging her wordlessly to keep rubbing, and Amy complied, feeling her fingers getting wet with additional moisture.

Neither girl spoke, but suddenly Nikkis hips thrust forward once more, and her legs spread wider at first, then clamped together tightly, trapping Amys hand between her thighs. Nikki moaned loudly, and Amy could feel the slippery skin beneath her fingers vibrating like a tuning fork. She kept rubbing as Nikkis hips bucked upwards, and a groan of pure ecstasy escaped her. The pacifier fell from Amys mouth, bouncing almost unnoticed onto the floor, as Nikkis skin grew extremely warm under her firm touch. Nikkis hips thrust forward once, twice, and on the third time they stayed arching up, her bare bum off the sheets, and her eyes twisted shut as she exclaimed "Oh. My. God. Amy....." before collapsing back onto the bed, with a fine sheen of sweat on her brow.

Neither girl spoke at first, but they continued to stare at each other. It should have felt more uncomfortable than what it did, considering what had just happened, but somehow, it didn't.

"Amy," Nikki said quietly, "That was my first time. You know, doing that all the way. I've never been able to make that happen before now. That was really good. I probably shouldn't say this, but thank you. Very much." She smiled, appearing to glow in the aftermath of her first orgasm.

Amy wasn't as weirded out as she probably would've thought she'd be after such an encounter. It wasn't anything that she'd ever in a million years thought that she'd ever do, but now it was too late, and it was done, she discovered that she really wasn't freaked out in the slightest by it.

"I enjoyed it too Nik. But we're not going to do it again. You know that, right?"

"If you say so Ames. You're probably right I guess, but fuck it, it felt really awesome though." If she was disappointed by Amys reaction, it didn't show, and she appeared quite relaxed and excited about achieving such a milestone.

Nikki laid back, and raised her backside off the bed, allowing Amy to expertly slide the big, puffy diaper underneath her. She focused on the task at hand, and was careful not to make any contact with Nikkis exposed private area. She did the tapes up like a pro, making a couple of adjustments before making Nikki stand up, so she could examine her handy work.

"There! Toldya I could make them fit you," she said proudly. "These tape ons have a lot more adjustments than the pull ups. You should be able to use that tonight and not worry about it leaking." Nikki was impressed by the secure fit, and effusively thanked her friend, going to the mirror to examine her diapered butt from every angle.

Amy picked up another diaper, along with the tube of cream and her pyjama pants, and turned to leave the room. Nikkis voice halted her before she got to the door.

"Amy, um, if you, you know, um, like wanted me to like help you, you know, with the cream and stuff, I'd, uh, be like happy to, ya know?"

Amy paused. A little voice deep inside was screaming at her to accept Nikkis offer. The thought of Nikki actually 'helping' her to apply the diaper rash cream was incredibly attractive. She paused momentarily, but Dans face suddenly appeared in her mind, and she mentally shook herself, forcing herself to turn around towards the door again.

"Thanks Nik. It is tempting, but no. Like I said, what just happened here isn't gonna happen again, and neither of us is ever gonna mention it again, especially not to others, and especially not to Danny, understand?"

"Sure Ames. If that's what you want. But just remember, I'm always here for you if you want me to be, okay?"

Amy blushed as she left the room, glad of the distraction of getting herself ready for bed.

When she returned, Nikki was fast asleep on her bed, curled into a ball with her back to the middle, the air bed on the floor apparently forgotten, and the pee stained blanket balled up on the floor. Amy added her wet shorts to the blanket, and considered her options. She could wake Nikki up, and get her to move, or she could sleep on the air bed herself, perhaps.

In the finish, she did neither, choosing instead to lay beside her friend on the bed. She put her pacifier back into her mouth, and dragged her old teddy bear out from underneath the bed from where it had fallen last night. She turned the light off, and rolled over, away from Nikki.

Suddenly Nikki wriggled, and her thickly padded backside scooted across the bed a bit, where it made contact with Amys likewise padded butt.

Thats how the girls slept for most of the night, diapered rear ends pushing against each other, while Amy cuddled her bear and sucked her paci.

She didn't wake up when she wet herself later, but her nappy contained it well.

*695*2017-03-15 13:16

Chapter 10:

Dan slept well at first, then restlessly. He awoke at 2am, and struggled to get back to sleep. A couple of his friends were snoring softly, and although they weren't making much noise, for a kid who isn't used to sharing a room with others, it sounded thunderous. Also, the air mattress wasn't as fully inflated as it could've been, and therefore wasn't completely comfortable. Throw in his constant worry about wetting himself, and his additional homesickness, and it was a recipe for insomnia.

For awhile, he thought the tears might start again, but he wasn't focused enough to cry. Although he couldn't sleep, he was exhausted, and he couldn't seem to concentrate on anything. His mind swam with mixed images. Amy, his mother, his room at home, Amy, his bed, what time it was, and Amy. He yawned, stretched, rolled over, but couldn't get to sleep. He felt absolutely no urge to urinate, but considered getting up and trying anyway, just in case, but the thought of struggling with diaper tapes in a brightly lit, strange bathroom at 2am for no reason was enough to give him pause. He wished he had his pacifier with him. That would certainly help him to get to sleep, but there was no way he was ever going to bring that to a slumber party.

He pulled his phone out, playing with that for awhile. His pre-paid credit was nearly out, so he didn't want to waste it by using data unnecessarily, so he distracted himself by looking at photos of Amy, and re-reading their old text conversations. All that accomplished however, was to make his heart ache even more, and make him wish he was with her, or at least be at home, where he could at least masturbate with privacy whilst he thought about her.

After a few minutes of mucking about with his phone, the tiredness came back, threatening to overwhelm him again, and he thankfully shut his phone down, enveloping his corner of the room in darkness once more. This time, he put his thumb in his mouth, using it as a pacifier substitute, and in no time at all he had finally drifted off to sleep once again, although not deeply.

The next time he woke up, it was just after 5, and he was wet. Actually, to be accurate, he was in the process of wetting. He had woken up with his thumb still in his mouth, and the feeling of hot pee trickling over his balls and into his butt crack. He instinctively and automatically assumed "The Position," rolling flat on his back, flattening his legs out straight and slightly spreading them. Vast previous experience had taught him that this was the safest way to wet your diaper while lying down to prevent leaks.

He didn't panic and grab at himself or anything, nor did he try to immediately stop. Instead, he just tried to slow the flow to a trickle, but kept dribbling enough to ensure that he would be emptied enough to be no longer leaking when he stood up. If he tried to get up before he finished, he would no doubt leak everywhere. It was a much safer idea to stay put, at least until he regained control again. Eventually he did, and his exploring hands couldn't detect so much as a damp spot on his sweats, so he knew that the bed was safe without having to resort to using his phones flashlight for confirmation.

When Dan was absolutely sure that the accident was over, he threw back the sheets, and silently gathered his backpack, standing quietly, and carefully making his way to where he could see the strip of light shining from underneath the bathroom door. He quietly and stealthily crept towards the sanctuary, stepping into the brightly lit laundry/shower/toilet combo without waking his friends up, and heaved a sigh of relief as he locked the door behind him.

He set his pack on the bench, and went to work like the seasoned professional he was. He took his pants off, then his diaper, and sat on the toilet, pushing hard to completely evacuate his bladder. Whilst the last of his pee was being forced out of him, he was already rummaging in his bag for his supplies. A packet of wet wipes was retrieved, and a generous handful was used to clean himself thoroughly between his legs. A plastic bag was next, for the heavy diaper and wipes to go into.

Like his pull up before, he deposited the new bag back into his pack, as the thought of his friends seeing evidence of his accident, even in the rubbish bin, was too horrible to consider. An adult pull up was taken out and put on. Not because he'd need protection any more at this hour, but because his friends knew he was wearing a diaper, although they remained ignorant of the style, but if he was suddenly seen to be undiapered when they awoke, they would obviously know what had happened. Only after pulling his pants back on and washing his hands, did he flush the toilet, wincing at the thunderous sound, then he quickly snuck out and crawled back into his bed.

He could notice the first signs of a watery grey morning light struggling to make itself known through the small, high windows near the ceiling, and he felt himself physically relaxing properly for the first time.

The night was virtually over, and he'd done it. He'd managed to spend a significant amount of times with boys his own age, and open up to them. He'd shared stuff that a few weeks ago he never would have dreamed of sharing. He had slept in the same room as them, and had ended up wetting himself not once, but twice, and by careful management, had gotten away with it. By careful planning, he had successfully dealt with his problem in a mature way, and had gotten through his biggest test to date.

A thought suddenly crossed his mind, that maybe, just maybe, his mother was actually right, and he needed to step up more in dealing with things. But with hardly any effort, he was able to quickly push that thought out of his head.

His mother was still a bitch. End of story.

Daniel found his eyelids growing heavy, and he welcomed the drowsy sensation that almost washed physically across his body. He was still emotionally and physically drained from lack of sleep, and nervous tension, and he hardly noticed his thumb sliding back into his mouth again. Minutes later, he was snoring softly himself.

He wasn't exactly sure precisely what had woken him up a couple of hours later. But his eyes had opened, and he found himself laying on his side, one arm tucked under his pillow, the other resting across his tummy, and he was looking directly at Scott, seeing him clearly in the morning light.

Scott was standing with his back to Dan, hunched over, and reaching down for his backpack.

Dan could easily see the round outline of the large wet patch on the backside of Scotts grey cotton sweatpants.

As the other boy straightened up, turning around with bag in hand, Dan automatically shut his eyes, feigning sleep, as he heard the boy's footsteps padding past his head, and the bathroom door opening and closing. Less than a minute later, the shower came on.

Dan sat up, cautiously looking around. He located the sprawling forms of Ali and Matt, and could instantly tell that they were still fast asleep.

Pulling the covers back, Dan stood up quickly and quietly, with the confident litheness of a young boy, sure-footed and balanced, as yet unburdened by life's later aches and pains. He took five quick strides, silently traversing the room to where Scotts bed was set up. Dan glanced at the other two sleeping boys, ensuring that their status hadn't changed, and he bent over, pulling back the top flap of Scott's sleeping bag.

The inside had a bright red quilted liner, and in the middle of that liner, was a tell-tale wet spot, about the size of a saucer. Apparently, Scotts kiddie pull up had leaked.

Dan dropped the flap down, and silently crept back to his own bed, just as the water shut off. He returned to his original position, but left his eyes open a crack, as the bathroom door opened, then almost silently closed, obviously having been shut with care.

Scotts bare feet soon passed in front of Dans eyes, and he opened them as his friend walked past with his back to him. Scott's hair was dry, as was his pants. Dan was confused by this at first, until he saw Scott stuffing at something sticking out of his backpack. It was the leg of a pair of grey sweatpants, identical to the ones he was wearing now.

He watched as Scott pushed the sleeping bag aside, pulling just the thick blanket over himself instead. It didn't take long for Scotts body to assume the relaxed, natural position of a person asleep.

"Scotty certainly handles it well," Dan thought to himself as he yawned. "Good plan having identical pants to change into, and I guess he's got a shower cap in there. Pretty slick."

That was the last coherent thought Dan had for awhile. Sleep again claimed his young mind, and he fell into a deep, relaxing slumber.

*696*2017-03-20 07:32

Chapter 11:

The boys were awake by 9:00 o'clock. It didn't take long for the jokes to start, and soon they were picking on each other mercilessly. Matt and Ali took their turns using the bathroom immediately, and Dan followed afterwards. He went in, peed, and was back out two minutes later.

"You, uh, can grab a shower if you need one mate." Scott informed him. "I, um, kinda already had one earlier."

This was the closest thing to mentioning bed wetting that had been said, and although it was slightly awkward, Dan was pleased it was out in the open. No doubt every other boy in the room would be wondering if Dan was currently wearing a wet diaper or not. Although it felt a touch uncomfortable being the centre of attention in relation to what the offer a a shower represented, Dan was actually pleased to be able to address it openly.

"Thanks Scotty, but I'm good. I don't need one this morning," he patted his groin area through his shorts, "I'm actually dry."

Scott smiled at him. "Good for you mate. It's great when that happens, isn't it? I hadta have a shower awhile ago. I wasn't so lucky."

It felt weird talking so openly about bed wetting, but none of the other boys so much as batted an eyelid at it. It was obviously a conversation that they'd had many times over the years. But it was a definite relief to actually say out loud that he was dry. There was little doubt that the others would've been at least curious.

And they never had to know about the two wet diapers stashed in the bottom of his backpack either.

Mary cooked the hungry boys bacon and eggs for breakfast, and during their ravenous demolition of it, Mary's phone rang, and she disappeared to answer it. Dans phone soon beeped with an incoming message of his own. At home, he wasn't allowed to have his phone at the table while he ate, but the rules were obviously a bit looser here, and all the boys were checking Facebook and the like as they ate and laughed, so he didn't hesitate to pick it up instantly, hoping it may be a message from Amy.

It wasnt. It was from his mother. She had needed to go into work unexpectedly, and was letting him know that Mary had kindly agreed to drop him off home when she took the other kids home later. Sue wouldn't be back until at least 4, possibly even 5 o'clock, and Dan was to wait at home for her.

This was a major frustration of course. He had hoped to be able to visit Amy later, but apparently that wasn't likely to happen now. He had little money on him, and although he could probably afford to catch the bus, they didn't run as often on the weekends. He could ride his bike, he supposed, although it would be a pretty long ride, and Sue really didn't like him going off too far by himself. Besides, she had made a point of telling him to stay home, and no doubt Sonia would narc on him if he did manage to get to Amys anyway.

He sighed with frustration, but had to force himself to smile politely when Mary suddenly appeared, pausing to confirm what he already knew about her taking him home. Remembering his manners, he thanked her graciously for all her help, and he was rewarded by her ruffling his hair and complimenting him on his how well mannered he was, and what a delight he was to have around. This of course lead to much teasing from his friends, and he had to duck when Scott threw a dish towel at his head.

Soon it was time to go, and the three visiting boys said their goodbyes to their friend, and piled into Mary's small hatchback for the trip back to their respective homes. Dan hadn't peed again since getting up at 9, and now, at 11:00 o'clock he was just starting to feel the slightest of urges. It certainly wasn't terrible yet, and he knew that he could easily hold on for at least another hour or so, so that's what he planned to do. If he had of been home, and about to leave for school, he would have undoubtedly gone to the toilet as a matter of priority, but knowing he was going home to an empty house, he decided to hold onto his pee instead, and have some relaxing wet playtime while he had the house to himself.

The trip home was uneventful, and he was the first one to be dropped off, perhaps 40 minutes after having his conversation with Mary, and even by then he still wasn't busting, although by that stage his need to urinate could no longer be ignored completely. He thanked Mary yet again, and remembering how he hadn't stripped his bed down, he apologised, and assured her that he hadn't created any "extra washing" for her to take care of.

Mary had to suppress a grin at his earnestness. As he tried his best to sound polite and grown up, all the while trying to tell her that he hadn't wet the bed without actually using those exact words, he suddenly looked very young and vulnerable. Her heart went out to this boy who suffered from the same humiliating condition that her own son did, and even worse with the daytime incontinence, and she wanted to hug him and tell him it was okay. But she would never do that of course, as she knew the embarrassment could conceivably kill him at his age. She kept a straight face as she watched his face redden, and she assured him again that he was always welcome. At least Matt and Ali didn't start stirring him as he managed to finally turn away from the car with an inner sigh of relief.

As he unlocked his door, he realised that he was about to grab himself. The nervousness of the recent situation had apparently accelerated his need to pee, and he was suddenly a lot more desperate than what he had been only a few minutes ago before he had gotten out of the car and started talking. He cringed again at the memory, allowing himself the relief of squeezing his boyhood through the thick, adult pull up. Psychologically at least, it took the edge off the severity of his urgency.

Dan was determined not to hurry. He had all afternoon to set himself up for a real accident, and that's what he intended to do, although he knew he wouldn't need all afternoon. He was swiftly approaching "The Danger Zone," and he would be wetting himself one way or another before much longer. But regardless of how long it took, he was determined to enjoy it while he could.

He gave some serious thought to his thinking process as he trudged up the stairs. He didn't really understand exactly WHY he was planning on wetting himself that day. In reality, it didn't make much sense. He had spent sssooooo long hating his incontinence problems, that setting himself up for a deliberate wetting was actually kinda stupid.

He understood that he liked seeing Amy wet herself, that was a given, albeit a strange one. He had thought at first that his attraction to Amys wetting was probably part of just sharing their special secret together, and it mostly was. Their joint IC issues were certainly a major bonding agent, at least at first, but he couldn't deny how it had now grown past mutual acceptance and into something more, something sexual.

He would still give anything in the world to cure his condition, but at the same time, thanks to Amy, he was quickly learning to not only accept it, but to occasionally embrace it.

This was one of those times.

As he kicked his shoes off, and started emptying his pack, his mind came to a conclusion. He decided that after spending a full night around his friends, living in almost constant fear of having an accident or wetting the bed, (indeed even getting away with it,) that the opportunity to now just relax, and to stop worrying about his bladder every second of the day, wasn't something that really needed explaining.

It was going to be almost therapeutical, to just hang around the house in a diaper, and allow himself the opportunity to use it without stressing out constantly.

"Face it," he told himself, "Diapers are a part of who you are now, at least for the moment, and you can't pretend otherwise. Pretending is what you've just done, hanging around with normal kids pretending to be normal yourself. But you're not normal Danny. You're incontinent. You wear diapers. They're part of who you are now buddy. It's no wonder that you just wanna relax and wear them, because THATS what's normal for you!"

He was happy with his conclusion, and decided not to dwell on it anymore. He was going to stop pretending, and just relax with a diaper on, and nobody would be around to judge him for it.

*697*2017-03-20 10:26

*Warning. Messing content ahead*

Chapter 12:

Dan emptied his backpack, disposing of the wet diapers in his bathroom bin. He added his dirty clothes to his hamper, and after sniffing his bag, sprayed some deodorant into it. He removed his black sweatpants, and his t-shirt, and now clad only in his adult pull up and white ankle socks, he retrieved his pacifier from his bedside drawer, looking at it longingly for a second before stuffing it greedily into his mouth, feeling his bladder twitching as he started sucking hungrily at it.

He gripped himself through the diaper as he felt the wave of relaxation washing over him. He noticed the same sensation sweeping over him as what Amy had often explained about sucking on her thumb, it really did make his urgency to pee suddenly exaggerate itself. He put one socked foot on top of the other one as he sucked his paci, and squeezed his dick through the padding, feeling it twitch as his bladder struggled to hold back the flood of pee that it contained. The knowledge that if he did happen to lose control, that it simply wouldn't matter, was fantastic, and he allowed himself to relax at last.

He went into his mothers room before going downstairs, pausing to check her bedside drawers for cigarettes. She had supposedly given up, but he harboured some doubts, but he was surprised and a tad disappointed not to find any secret stash of smokes. "It's probably a good thing," he told himself, as he walked downstairs to the kitchen, pausing only to fetch a towel from the linen cupboard as he walked past. He found a tub of chocolate chip ice cream in the freezer, so he made himself a generous bowl, along with a glass of milk, thanking his lucky stars that he wasn't lactose intolerant like Amy. Taking his feast of dairy produce into the living room, he folded the towel in half twice, placing it across the seat of the couch cushion that he settled in to, before plonking his diapered butt onto it, and putting his pacifier onto the arm of the couch, and his socked feet onto the coffee table.

The television was switched on via the remote, and with a minimal amount of searching, he found a channel doing a Simpsons marathon.

Dans feet were spread wide apart on the table as he devoured his ice cream, and he occasionally dripped some onto his bare chest, making him shudder, but he merely wiped it away with his bare hand, leaving a sticky smear behind. He didn't particularly care about getting dirty, as he fully expected to be having a shower at some stage soon. His widely spaced legs did absolutely nothing towards him maintaining control of his bladder, but he kept resisting the impulse to cross them, although he allowed himself free reign to squeeze himself and his nappy whenever he felt the urge was becoming to great to ignore.

It was during one of those squeezes, just as he finished his last mouthful of ice cream, that he felt a sudden jet of warmth shoot out of his penis, into the safety of his padded crotch. His knees came up involuntarily, and his toes curled as he tried in vain to grasp himself firmly enough to stem the flow, but he made a conscious effort not to cross his legs nor sit up straight, and he was rewarded by a steady trickling sensation spreading its warm luxury around his balls. He had genuinely lost control, and like waking up whilst peeing this morning, he forced himself not to panic, and just merely wait it out, trying to regain at least enough control to manage the flow, even if he couldn't stop it outright. It took nearly ten seconds, but by then he was only trickling, and he knew his nappy could cope with it.

Now his bladder had been teased by partial relief, it demanded total satisfaction. But his level had dropped enough so as he could control it, at least for the moment. He forced himself to stand up, scrunching his eyes tightly closed as another jet shot out of him as he stood up, but that appeared to be what was left undelivered from his urethra, as his bladder protested loudly at the discomfort it was in.

Danny took a quick glance at the towel on which he'd been sitting, confirming that it was still dry, and he swapped the empty bowl for his paci, and waddled outside with a groan, now almost desperate to just let go and get it over with. He went outside into the back patio area, where he couldn't be seen by any neighbours, and he sat himself down on a mesh based outdoor chair, and put his feet up on another two opposite to his, underneath the table.

He put the pacifier into his mouth again, and again bent his knees slightly, but this time, he didn't try and hold on, nor did he push, he just relaxed, and sighed with relief as his bladder took its cue, and a torrent of hot pee flooded out of him, completely drenching his crotch, and appearing too quickly and in too great a quantity to be successfully absorbed, and within seconds he had hot, acrid smelling pee, running from the waistband, the side elastic, and the leg elastic around his bottom, and a splattering sound announced where the overflow was hitting the concrete beneath his chair.

Dan didn't care at all. He sucked greedily at his pacifier, and his legs scissored a bit, while his bum crack tickled at the feeling of hot wetness trickling through it, and his toes kept curling, as he shuddered with relief as his body's temperature changed as the urine pooled beneath his seat.

Dan kept his muscles relaxed, allowing his bladder to completely drain as much as possible of its own accord. It was only when the flow had stopped altogether, that he gave a sharp push, and was rewarded with the last jet of urine shooting out. He pushed again, and this time no more pee escaped, but he suddenly farted.

The boys stomach suddenly gurgled. He usually always sat on the toilet after breakfast, before going out anywhere, but he hadn't done so this morning. In fact, he hadn't sat on the toilet and moved his bowels since before leaving the house to go to Scotts yesterday, almost 18 hours ago. Now he wasn't so distracted by a full bladder, he realised that he could probably poop if he wanted to.

But that could wait for awhile yet though. He would be going upstairs for a shower soon, and he would go then. If he went now, he'd be taking his freshly wet nappy off, and the whole point of doing this was to relax and enjoy his wet diaper for a while. He stood up, being careful to keep his socks out of the puddle. His swollen diaper now hung low on his hips, and his slightly chubby tummy stuck out over the top of it, decorated as it was by sticky ice cream smears. Dan turned the hose on briefly, washing his pee puddle away, knowing how it could leave a stain on the concrete if it sank in. He even managed to keep his socks mostly dry as he did so. As he walked around the patio, the action of walking squeezed pee from his diaper, which unhesitatingly ran down his legs, wetting his socks from the top anyway, so he wasn't too concerned about staying out of the puddle.

As he was putting the hose away, another gurgle escaped from his tummy as it rumbled a bit. He could feel more gas building up, and being safely outside and out of sight and earshot of anyone else, he bent forward and pushed a bit, grinning with an adolescent humour at the sound of escaping gas as it vibrated out of him loudly. He was almost wishing his friends were there, as they would certainly share the humour of a good fart with him, no doubt rolling around on the ground in mock discomfort, probably giggling madly and throwing things at him while they laughed at how gross and disgusting it sounded.

But his brief foray into imagining his friends reaction was brought to an abrupt halt. Suddenly, something inside his gut shifted, and he felt his bowels suddenly filling, then threaten to evacuate. He stood up quickly, clamping down and stopping the applied pressure mid-fart, and swallowing nervously as he felt something almost slip effortlessly from his anus.

He had come within mere seconds, and mere centimetres, from messing in his diaper.

Even as it was, he couldn't be 100% sure that absolutely nothing had escaped, but he was pretty sure that he had contained it by the barest of margins. But his bum was itchy now, and that wasn't always a good sign. He remembered how when he'd pooped in his underpants a few years ago, his bottom had suddenly became very itchy.

Dan waddled carefully back into the living room, trying hard not to drip any pee onto the carpet. He picked up the towel, and wiped his diaper and legs thoroughly, absorbing as much as he could by pressing the towel firmly against his nappy, squeezing as much excess out as he could. His stomach protested again, and he could feel his anus struggling to remain closed, as another cramp gripped him across his lower tummy.

Dan turned to hurry upstairs to the bathroom. He hadn't really wanted to remove his wet diaper so soon, but apparently nature had other ideas. He simply had to poop very soon, or he would likely be having another accident, the sort that Amy sometimes had.

That thought struck him as he put his first foot on the bottom step, and he paused, gripping the bannister with one hand.

"The sort of accident that Amy sometimes had........."

The thought resonated through his brain. He thought of how Amy sometimes pooped her pants, and how she was having a sleepover with Nikki, and how Nikki had admitted messing her pants on purpose sometimes, and how she had claimed to enjoy it......

Interesting. Amy had messy accidents, and simply hated it, while Nikki liked doing it in purpose. Just like how Dan hated wetting himself accidentally, but was beginning to like it on purpose, something that Nikki had already discovered long ago.

Yes. Definitely interesting.

Dan wondered what it would be like. You know. To mess himself.

Only a month ago, he'd hated wetting, but had grown to like it. Perhaps messing might be the same?

If he was ever going to find out, now would be the perfect time.

Shaking with a blend of excitement and fear, the young boy went back outside again, still sucking nervously on his pacifier, and carrying a towel. He stood trembling, legs partly spread, and relaxed, then pushed, and he was rewarded with a wet, gurgling noise as another fart escaped him. But again, he was fairly sure that no hitch hikers had tagged along for the ride. His stomach cramped again, demanding that something be done about his burgeoning bowels, but it was like he had stage fright. He couldn't bring himself to actually poop. It was ridiculous. He'd just been sitting outside quite happily, thoroughly wetting his diaper without a care in the world, but now, he suddenly felt extremely self conscious. He couldn't even force himself to go.

Picking up his towel again, he entered the house once more, proceeding directly to the stairs. He had to pause half way up, because his heavy diaper kept slipping off his hips, threatening to fall below his knees if he didn't hold it in place. It was starting to stretch itself out of shape, and he ended up holding it up by the front as he hurried into his room, again farting, this time uncontrollably as he entered.

Shutting the door behind him, he felt the last vestiges of stage fright leaving him. He was now safely in his room, the most safest place in the whole universe. A place where he usually came to avoid embarrassing situations, to escape from the horrors of potty accidents, not usually to indulge in them.

Dan dropped the folded towel on the floor in front of his mirror. He straddled it, turning side on so as to see his diapered butts reflection in the glass. He tried to ignore his image, which looked quite ridiculous, showing a diapered teenage boy, sucking a paci, wearing nothing more than a heavy, sagging nappy and dirty socks, with a chubby tummy bulging over the waistband as well, and he focused on his backside instead.

This time, he didn't have to push very hard. He relaxed his sphincter muscles, and with the barest of gurgles, he felt something sloppy and wet sliding effortlessly into his diaper. He stood up quickly, pulling the nappy back up as high as it would go, running his hand across the leg guards, making sure that they were still fitted properly, then he hunched over once more, this time actually pushing, and he was instantly rewarded with the loudest, wettest sounding fart that he'd ever produced. It kept rumbling out of him, the sound being briefly cut off from time to time, as a liquid waste flowed from him, occasionally muffling the sound of escaping gas.

He noticed how his reflection was turning red in the face, and how it appeared to be actually biting the dummy clenched between its teeth, and he forced himself to relax, as a final evacuation escaped him, causing him to grab the incredibly heavy diaper with both hands, as he quickly waddled into the bathroom, feeling something warm and sticky coating his balls. The smell was almost instant and overpowering, and he almost gagged as he gingerly stepped into the shower.

Dan learned a few valuable lessons over the next couple of minutes.

He learned that he should always take his socks off before removing a messy pull up, as it only creates more washing if you don't.

He learned that a plastic bag is no good at all if it's left on your bed and not taken into the bathroom with you.

He learned that an unbagged, dirty diaper has its own special aroma while left open on the bathroom floor while its owner has a necessary shower before retrieving the aforementioned bag in which to dispose of said diaper.

He learned that cleaning yourself up after a messy accident can actually cause you to dry heave, and that there's no way to completely avoid getting at least some mess on your hands.

He also learned that even a bag isn't always enough to contain the smell of a pooped diaper, and you may need to take it to the rubbish bin down the street in the park so that your mum doesn't smell it.

He was also pleased to learn that ceramic tiles are fairly easy to clean, thank goodness, although it's not always easy to wash semi solid waste down a shower drain without "helping it" to escape.

But the biggest thing he learned, is that the experience wasn't completely terrible. It wasn't something that he could envisage himself doing on a regular basis, but it was kinda fun. It certainly made him feel incredibly little while it was happening.

Once he was back from the park, he diapered himself into a camo pull up again, put his footie pyjamas on, and settled in front of the TV watching cartoons and sucking on his paci. He had considered masturbating first, but whilst he had enjoyed the experience of messing, it didn't arouse him at all, just put him in little space for awhile.

He even dozed off in front of the television, his last nights interrupted sleep finally catching up with him.

When Sue arrived home, that's how she found him, curled up on the couch in his footies, with his pacifier in his mouth. She smiled at her big/little boy for a moment, then woke him for dinner, as she'd purchased KFC on the way home, one of Dans favourites.

*699*2017-03-21 04:13

{{3 hours ago, alexwbj said:

Thanks for this, Barry. I enjoyed it. Well written as usual.

}}

Thanks Alex. I know a few of you were wanting a bit more of that type of content.

Its funny in a way. I don't mind doing it myself, but I find it a lot harder to write about than the wetting stuff. Also, because I know that a lot of people don't like messing content at all, I try to limit it. It's a fine balance between giving the two sides of the debate equal opportunity.

Anyway, glad you liked it.

&&

