Afternoon in the Chokee- A Matilda Fanfic - Page 2

Author: SashaButters

*026*2015-08-31 20:05

So I finally read the book after 10+ years and it was so sad, but it was really good. Miss Honey's living situation is much more serious than they make it seem like in the movie. I would highly recommend reading the book just Google read Matilda and you can read the book free online.

*028*2015-08-31 22:12

{{:

O I bet it was the Trunch was a very evil woman

}}

Yeah, the Trunchbull is a lot worse in the book where as the movie was kind of silly.

{{:

Yeah, in the movie, Ms. Honey is just first world poor. In the book, she's

{{:

Basically living in a Farmer's shed and buying groceries on a child's allowance.

}}

Also, I'd highly recommend the Audiobook version(the CD version goes for about 20USD on Amazon and the Audible.com edition is free if I remember correctly). Anyways, I'm glad that this fanfic is being continued.

}}

Thank you :D Sometimes I think the only person who reads my stuff is Minervafan

*032*2015-09-03 06:07

{{:

Just found this story. Never heard of the book or movie before, but I'm really liking the story so far. Your doing such a good job with the characters I think i might check out the original work.

Keep up the good work, looking forward to the next chapter

}}

WHAAAAT??? Never heard of it.... I...I need a minute. It's by the same guy who wrote Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

( actually Charlie and the Chocolate Factory), James and the Giant Peach, etc. It was my favorite as a kid.

Thanks, but I feel like I'm making Matilda too wimpy. My goal was to have her slowly regress a little when she's only around Miss Honey as a reaction to feeling loved for the first time.

*033*2015-09-13 03:57

{{:

P.S. This is rather out of context (or I'd like it to be) but I am also a writer. I am going to grad school right now to become an editor. This is me extending an offer to edit any of your stories before you publish them. Honestly, I only picked out a few punctuation errors throughout the whole story so far. It's wicked awesome.

}}

Really? thank you! ...Soo...actually....I kind of AM in the market for an editor.. :)

%https://omorashi.org/topic/27549-my-life-as-a-teenage-bed-wetter/

That's my manuscript from a while back that I posted on here a few days ago.

It's a bit rough, but I was wondering if you'd give it a read and see what you think.

*036*2015-10-19 05:38

Eventually :/ I'm stuck and overwhelmed by all the stories floating around my head that want out

*037*2016-01-19 04:52

Matilda sat in her bed gripping her stuffed bear tightly. What was going on? Why was her teacher here at the house? The temptation to peek her head out of her room was quickly building up more and more. Her father had been in a bad mood when he got home from work, something about a raid on a warehouse and profit losses, but he may as well have been speaking an entirely different language. Matilda knew lots of things far above her age range’s capabilities, but her father’s business practices was an area she purposefully let herself be uneducated in. Some things she knew were best left unknown.

They had just sat down in front of the TV when there was a knock on the door. Whoever it was, Matilda had thought at the time, they in for an unpleasant surprise. There were two rules in the Wormwood house: Don’t interrupt Harry Wormwood when he was eating, and don’t interrupt Harry Wormwood when he’s watching Tv. This person had broken both those rules.

At first, he pretended he didn’t hear it and kept on eating his microwavable meal, but then the knocking began again. He snorted in annoyance with a, “I’m not getting that!” Matilda knew better than to answer the door as well. If Harry Wormwood didn’t get the door it meant no one was to either. When the knocking became more persistent, Harry Wormwood slammed his silverware down before pushing his tray away with enough force to knock it over. The air had become tense. No one uttered a single word while Harry stormed over to the door muttering curse words under his breath the entire way.

The rest of the Wormwood family craned their necks to see who was brave or stupid enough, to come knocking on the door during dinnertime. Harry had sent the last door-to-door salesman running in a panic with a message to the others never to come back. When Matilda saw that it was her teacher, her heart sank. She was the last person she wanted to see treated poorly by her father.

“You again!?” He had shouted, before turning and glaring daggers into his daughter. It was her teacher; therefore, it must be her fault Harry’s logic told him. “Room. Now!” And that was how she had ended up here in her room, worried out of her mind for the one person who had ever shown her kindness. Her curious mind couldn’t take it anymore. She slid out of her bed and hurried over to her door. She quietly as she could pulled it open and cringed at the loud groaning sound it made. She stood in place terrified as she wondered if anyone else heard that. After a minute or two of no one storming down the hall to punish her for trying to eavesdrop, she let out her held breathe and tried to focus on what was being said. Try as she might though, she couldn’t make out a thing.

She had to get closer, she thought. She slipped out her open door and as quietly as she could tiptoed down the hall. Matilda stopped at the edge of the hall right before she knew she could be spotted. She held her breath as she strained to listen.

###

“Mr. Wormwood, did you know it cost 35,000 pounds a year to raise a child?” Miss Honey said. She was anxious and sweating. She was about to pull off the biggest bluff she could think off, in other words, she was lying through her teeth. She had no idea what it cost to raise a child, but if she had to guess, it was more around 10,000 a year. It was still 10,000 more pounds a year than she had. She was so relieved when Mr. Wormwood had told Matilda to go to her room so she wouldn’t have to say this in front of her. She’d look like an idiot.

The first thing she had done was butter him up. She complimented his house, his wife, his business sense, and it had taken all her acting skills to do so, but also his intelligence. She had wanted to gag when she said those things, but it had served its purpose. Suddenly she went from unwanted intruder to guest of honor. She hated everything about what she was doing, but she had no choice. She had to play these people’s games.

Mr. Wormwood’s smug smile faltered as he stared at her with a look of utter horror on his face. She could see the gears moving behind his eyes as he tried to do the math in his head. If she weren’t so nervous she would have surely let out a chuckle at how comical he looked. His face reddened like a frustrated child about to throw a tantrum over a simple math problem. “But I have two!” He finally blurted out before clenching his jaw.

“Did you know that girls cost almost twice as much as boys?” She lied again. “We are materialistic beings: clothing, accessories, make-up, jewelry.” If he had half a brain he would have noticed Matilda was not that type of girl, but fortunately for Miss Honey all Harry could see were the dollar signs flying out of his pocket. He looked to his wife as she simply shrugged. It was true for her, so why wouldn’t it be true for the little runt as well.

“I can’t afford two of you!” He barked. “Just last week she spent almost 125 pounds on hair products!”

“Well, sow-rry, but my hair gets all frizzy when I use that cheap stuff.” Mrs. Wormwood complained twisting her long blonde locks in between her fingers.

“I could lose my business!” He said. Miss Honey smiled on the inside. This is exactly what she had hoped would happen. Clearly their finances were more important to them than their children. Just one final jab into his pride.

“What would the neighbors think of that?” Miss Honey said trying to sound as casual as possible. “It’s too bad you decided to have more than one kid. I could see you starting the next Vauxwell Motors.” She watched his face turn bright red. She wasn’t sure if he was about to yell and scream or simply internally combust. Finally he let out a defeated sigh. “You know, it might still be possible.” She said. He looked up at her, eyes begging for a solution. “Your son, he seems like such a good boy, a spitting image of you in fact. You could put him to work and together you could make that dream possible.”

“Yes, you’re right. He is a spitting image of me, and if he’s anything like me, you know he’ll be great!” He said. Miss Honey nodded her head as she felt a little bit of her lunch coming back up.

“Just think, Wormwood and Son, 1,000 car lot right off the highway where everyone could see your name.” His eyes shone brightly as he saw the dollar signs. Maybe he could even afford a commercial! “But Matilda…” Miss Honey said with a grimace. “As her teacher, I can honestly say, she doesn’t have what it takes.”

“That runt is a burden to us all. I hardly believe that’s my own flesh and blood. I think there was a mistake at the hospital.” He scoffed.

“What if I told you I had a plan that would save you 15,000 pounds a year and take away the burden of having someone like her in your family?” On the outside, Miss Honey remained calm and collected, but on the inside she wanted to scream. How could she say those things about her? Where was this manipulative lying side coming from? If her father could see her he would be ashamed. “You could sure make quite the investment into your business with an extra 15,000 pounds a year.”

“Yes, yes I could!”

“What if, for a measly 850 pounds a month, I raised her for you. I could turn her into a proper Wormwood for you.”

“And you can’t do that at that school I’m sending her to?” He asked suddenly becoming suspicious. “Why should I pay you?”

“She’ll be out of my class in less than a year. Then she’ll go to some other teacher that doesn’t have your best interests at heart. Not to mention, normally, it would cost closer to 3,000 pounds if she stayed here with you.” Miss Honey said. “Why should you bother to raise her if she’ll be no use to you?” She dug in her bag for the paperwork. This was it. All they had to do was sign this paper and she’d have a legal document agreeing that they would pay her child support. She wasn’t proud by any means of what she’d done, but once she had Matilda it wouldn’t matter.

“So if I sign this?” Harry asked looking over the document. She could see him stumbling over the larger words as he tried to make sense of the situation.

“Then she’s out of your hands and you’re one step closer to that empty lot by the highway.”

She said. Her hands shook as she bounced her knees in anticipation. She was bouncing her knees so much she was shaking the whole coffee table. Wait…that wasn’t from her, the whole house was shaking! The last time this happened…Oh no! Miss Honey looked up and saw Matilda standing in the hallway. Her expression was one of which Miss Honey had never seen on her before. Tears were streaking down her face, not of sadness but of rage. Suddenly Mrs. Wormwood screamed. Photo frames, dinner trays, and sharp silverware was flying around the room. Even their 75 lb television set was hovering off the ground.

“Ghosts!” Mrs. Wormwood shouted. “The ghosts are back!” She stood on the couch screaming and using her arms to cover her head. Did these people really believe in ghosts?

“Not again!” Harry shouted grabbing a broom as he swatted at the flying silverware. So they didn’t know about Matilda’s powers. She could use this to her advantage.

“Look!” Miss Honey shouted amongst the chaos. “Look at Matilda! She’s possessed!” Matilda’s eyes narrowed even more as everyone looked at her. The house shook even more violently and to confirm their fears, she lifted her hand and pointed it towards her father as a Tv dinner tray came from behind and smacked his bottom repeatedly. He swore loudly and as he begged for someone to help him.

“It really is her!” Mrs. Wormwood shouted. The house was utter chaos. The light bulbs shattered one by one along with the tv screen. Fashion magazines swarmed around Mrs. Wormwood as she screamed and batted them. Michael was cowering underneath the coffee table, large butt sticking out as a prime target. Another tray dinner tray swooped down and smacked him as he shot up howling only to hit his head on the table.

“Sign the paper and it will stop!” Miss Honey said amidst the chaos. “I will take her and banish the demons plaguing her!”

“Sign it, Harry!” Mrs. Wormwood shouted.

“Where’s a pen?” Mr. Wormwood shouted. A drawer off to the side began shaking violently and burst open as a pen shot out and stabbed into the coffee table just inches from his fingers. “She’s trying to stab me!” He shouted before tugging the pen out of the table and signing the paper. “OUT! GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!”

Miss Honey grabbed the paper, grabbed Matilda’s hand and ran out the door as everything in the air fell to the ground. Now the only problem was calming her down.

“Matilda, I am so sorry you heard that! I didn’t mean a word I said! It was all a trick! It was-“ Miss Honey searched the young girls face for the rage and fury it so obviously shown earlier, but to her surprise, all that was there was a mischievous smile.

“I know it was.” Matilda said calmly.

“You…you mean you’re not mad?”

“You’re not the only one who can act. My father is stupid, but he would eventually figure out it was a trick. I needed to improvise to make him afraid. You played well on his pride and love of money, but the one thing that drives him even more is fear.” Matilda explained. Miss Honey stared at her in amazement. To think a six-year-old girl could process her surrounding that well. What surprised her even more was the suitcase and backpack she carried. Miss Honey hadn’t even noticed until just now.

“You’re packed?” She asked. “How did you pack so fast?”

“I had everything ready days ago.” She said with a smile. “I just knew you’d save me!” Matilda quickly latched on to the woman’s waist as they stopped walking. Miss Honey smiled widely as she bent down and held her new daughter in her arms.

“I love you.” Miss Honey whispered in the girls’ ear and she lifted her up and carried her the rest of the way home.

“I love you too,” Matilda said with a wide smile as she rested her head on the woman’s shoulder and closed her eyes. “So how do you plan to rid me of my demons?” She asked with a giggle.

“I guess it’s something we’ll just have to figure out together.”

*040*2016-03-11 08:03

“Matilda, please come out.” Jennifer Honey said, trying to coax the small child out from under the blankets. The lump ever so slowly began to move forward until a small face emerged sporting a look of pure guilt. “It’s not your fault.”

“I’m so-“ she tried to say, but was cut off by a gentle finger pressing against her lips.

“You don’t have to apologize every time this happens. It’s okay, I promise. Why don’t you hop in the bath and let me take care of this? Leave your wet things in the hallway.” Matilda nodded her head and unpeeled herself from the covers before she made her way to the bathroom, head hung in defeat. At least the house didn’t shake this time, Jennifer thought to herself as she stripped the bed.

Maybe she should schedule her a doctor’s appointment. In the week that Matilda had come to live with her, this was the third time she had wet the bed. With Matilda swearing up and down this never usually happens, Jennifer was worried. Perhaps Algebra two was a little too advanced for the six year old. Or maybe it was their other training that was too much for her little body to handle. What would she tell the doctor? I think my newly adopted daughter, whose parents I convinced was worth less than a car dealership, is wetting the bed because of the physical strain of having telekinetic powers? Oh yeah, that’ll go over real well. They’d think I was nuts. Great job, Jenny, lose custody over her before the paperwork is even finalized.

It wasn’t like Matilda could use her powers on demand yet; although they had been having fun trying. The first night started with her attempting to levitate a piece of popcorn. Jennifer would throw it in the air and Matilda would try to manipulate it into her mouth. After a handful of failed attempts, they spent most of the evening just throwing popcorn at each other. It was great. They giggled, lost in an all out free for all, the purpose of the exercise completely forgotten. It wasn’t until Jennifer had launched a handful at Matilda’s face did they remember why they had started this in the first place. Instead of showering the young child in bits of popped kernels, they froze midair, suspended in place by invisible hands.

It was then they discovered emotions to be the driving force behind it. The lights had flickered on and off because she was afraid. The popcorn kernels hung in the air because she was happy, and the worst of all, the night Jennifer had taken Matilda from her home. She had been hurt. The way her parents had given her up without a fight, even if that’s what she had wanted, hurt her to the point of being able to manipulate a household full of objects. It was as clear as day to Jennifer now. Matilda had lied. She wasn’t acting that night, and if she was, it was only to reassure Jennifer she was ok with it. Maybe the reason for her bedwetting now was because she was hiding that hurt deep within herself. The thought tore Jennifer up inside; to the point she was tempted to see if she could move objects as well.

She wondered what she could do to help her. What could someone like plain and simple Jennifer Honey have to offer someone extraordinary like Matilda? An education? Jennifer spent more time learning from Matilda than Matilda learned from Jennifer. Money? Even with the money from her parents they would still be scraping to get by. Love? Yes, that was the one thing she could give her. Matilda had already stolen her heart long ago on that very first day. She’d shower her in the love and affection she had so obviously been lacking in. It was all she had to give her.

“Miss Honey! I forgot a towel!” Matilda’s voice rang from the bathroom, snapping her from her thoughts. She went to the cupboard to look for the biggest, and fluffiest one she could find, but all that was there were thin, old ratty things she had picked up from a garage sale more than ten years ago. Hmm, that was something they could do today. It was a beautiful Saturday morning, and the swap meet would be in full swing.

“Here you go.” Jennifer said handing over the least torn up towel she had to the dripping wet and shivering child. “You know, it’s the weekend. You don’t have to call me Miss Honey at home.”

Matilda looked at her puzzled for a moment seemingly lost in thought. “What should I call you then?”

Deep down she wanted to hear the word, mom, but stopped when it was on the tip of her tongue. Too much too soon. “Jennifer’s fine.”

“I can’t call you by your first name.” Matilda said. “You’re my teacher!”

“Not at home I’m not, silly. Hmm, how about, Jenny?” She said, taking the towel from her and throwing it over her head.

Matilda giggled as her head popped out. “I guess that’s okay, but only here. It’s impolite to call a lady by her first name.”

“Whatever you’re comfortable with, but you still have to call me Miss Honey at school. Now what would you say to going over to the swap meet after breakfast? It’s a nice day out after all.” Jennifer suggested rubbing the towel over the girl’s head.

“That sounds fun!”

After a quick bite to eat of toast and tea, Jennifer pulled a mason jar of change out of the cupboard and examined it. She had maybe about ten pounds at the most saved up. She frowned slightly as she pulled out the highest denominations and put them her pocket. They’d have to be careful and only buy what they absolutely needed.

“Miss Honey, here.” Matilda said reaching out her fist. Jennifer opened her palm as Matilda deposited a wad of bills in her hand. Where in the world had she gotten this? There had to be at least 100 pounds if not more. “I saved my allowance.” Matilda said with a shrug.

“No, sweetie, this is yours.” Jennifer said trying to give it back, but Matilda just shook her head.

“Hold it for me then.” Jennifer sighed, but agreed. She should be supporting her, not the other way around! She couldn’t spend a little girl’s allowance! She’d sell all her books if she had to!

They walked out the front door and chatted about the book they had been reading together- an old warn out copy of a Charles Dickens novel Jennifer had picked up years ago at a second hand bookshop for fifty pence. Maybe if they still had the energy- and money- she could take Matilda there. She’d probably find it a lovely place to spend an afternoon browsing.

When they got onto the main road ten minutes after 9 am, the little town was in full swing with the nearby farmers market as bustling as ever. After they finished with the swap meet, she figured she should stop by on the way back and pick up a few groceries. She’d have to ask Matilda what she liked to eat.

Once they arrived, they got lost looking at all the little odds and ends people were selling in their stalls. Different kinds of music blared from various large boom boxes. A stall to their left sold every type of flower she could think of: lilies, tulips, roses, and daisy’s lined the white plastic table in ten gallon buckets. A tent to their right had dresses and blouses swinging from hooks in the gentle breeze. Food vendors were out setting up their sugary snacks on display sending scents of cinnamon wafting into the air.

She was curious about what kind of things Matilda was interested in. All she knew of was her love of academics. Even her packed suitcase and bags-which she said she had packed days prior- was nothing but necessities. Not a single toy. Did she even have interests outside of reading? Jennifer kept a close eye on her as they walked through the stalls. The little girl browsed around, but nothing appeared to really keep her interest for long- until she came upon a beat up looking chess set. Her eyes shone as she opened it up and examined the pieces.

“Do you know how to play?” Jennifer asked.

“I’ve read about it, but I’ve never had any one to play with before.” Matilda admitted. “I had hoped there would be one in the classroom, but-“ She trailed off looking it over.

“Well, chess is a little advanced for a kindergarten class.” Jennifer said with a laugh.

“Would you play it with me?”

“Of course! I’d love to.” Matilda smiled wide and pulled a five-pound note out of her pocket. Just how much money did this girl have? If she hadn’t known her to be such a sweet and honest girl, Jennifer would have assumed she cleaned her parents out before she left. The elderly man smiled and handed her her change, as he looked her up and down.

“She yours?” He asked as Jennifer proudly nodded.

“Make sure she doesn’t eat the pieces.” He said. Jennifer frowned and looked to Matilda to gauge her reaction. She had almost expected her to be angry at being talked down to, but she just smiled and shook her head.

“I’m not very fond of the taste of wood, sir.” She replied before turning and searching through the other games he had. Jennifer stood at a distance glad to have found something she was interested in other than just books and schoolwork. Board games did seem like something she would be interested in. She wondered if he had any jigsaw puzzles they could do together in the kitchen, but a look to her left revealed Matilda was already one step ahead of her as usual.

“Margaret!” The old man shouted into his trailer. “If I sold all the games here for two pounds each, and subtracted the seven percent the lot gets, what would my profit be?”

“I don’t know! I’m not a calculator!” A woman’s voice shouted back. The man grumbled under his breath and reached for a pen from his pocket along with a dirty napkin. He sat hunched over scribbling number down.

“We’d make fifty nine pounds and 34 pence if we sold everything!” He shouted back a few minutes later.

“Your math is off.” Matilda said without looking up from the instructions on the back of the game. “You need to take your number of board games, multiply it by two, which gives you 72 pounds, and then multiply that by .07. That gives you five pounds and four pence. Now subtract that from your 72 pounds and you end up with a total of 66. 96 pounds.” The man blinked in surprise for a moment before a wide grin spread across his face.

“Cute.” He said, before yelling inside for a calculator. A few moments later, the woman named Margaret appeared with calculator in hand and passed it off to him, before she returned to the sanctuary of the trailer. Miss Honey watched him curiously for a moment as he punched in numbers from his napkin. He remained still staring at it, before erasing it and starting over. “What did she say her answer was?” He asked after a moment of silence.

“66.96 I believe.” Jennifer said, a smile spreading across her lips at his shocked expression. She knew that look. It was the exact same look she had worn the first time she had experienced Matilda’s calculations.

“Here you go, six pounds for these.” Matilda said, handing him the money as she held up the puzzles she had picked out. He stared at her blankly for a moment, before thanking her and accepting the money.

“Don’t worry, I’ll make sure she doesn’t eat those pieces either.” Jennifer said as they continued on.

*044*2016-03-11 17:28

{{:

How long do you plan on making this series?

}}

No idea, my a03 account has been getting a lot of requests for this story to continue. THE one I put the least amount of work into ends up being the most popular. Go figure smh

*045*2020-12-03 10:25

Matilda tossed and turned in her sleep. The dream had started off so pleasant. She was just about to be crowned England’s youngest chess Grandmaster. Miss Honey was there with a bouquet of flowers for her, and the audience was cheering. She heard a voice bellow from the audience, “That’s my daughter!” and “That’s my little girl!” She followed the sound until she locked eyes with her mother beaming up at her- an expression she had never received from her before. Matilda felt a rush of happiness and relief rush over her and then… everything changed.

The audience gasped. She looked down at herself to see her bare legs damp with pee. Her dress was ruined. The cheers turned to cries of disgust. The expression on her mothers face became one she was all too familiar with, repulsion and indifference.

“See, this is exactly why we sent you away!” Harry Wormwood yelled. “Disgusting, get her out of my sight! You’re a Wormwood it’s time you started acting like one!”

Matilda felt a giant hand clamp around her arm. She let out a wail of pain as the Trunchbull dragged her off stage and onto a different one. She was thrust into a chair facing the other children in the school. There, sitting on a table was a giant chocolate cake. No! This wasn’t her punishment! This hadn’t happened to her! She was in the audience! Her only punishment had been…

Then she found herself standing alone, wet and cold, staring at the nails in the walls mere inches from her face. If she dared move even a muscle she would be met with the sharp pain of rusty metal cutting into her skin. Even worse, she could get tetanus! She had read about that in a book and it sounded awful!

A small panel opened and eyes peered down at her. She had expected the Trunchbull, but instead they were Miss Honey’s.

“Please let me out!” Matilda begged.

“I’m disappointed in you, Matilda.”

“Wake up, Matilda.”

“I’m sorry!” The small child moaned in her sleep and shivered from the damp bedding. A gentle hand touched the top of her head. Her eyes sprung open and she examined her surroundings. She slowly sat up and looked around the small apartments one bedroom. Various items that had once been on the nightstand were now scattered across the floor. A mirror that had once hung on the wall now spread shards of glass on the carpet. “Was there an earthquake?”

“N-not quite.”

. . . . . . . . . . . . .

“Stress.” the doctor said after a moment as Matilda pumped her legs that dangled off the exam room table.

“That’s it?” Miss Honey asked. “Are you sure? She really hasn’t been herself lately.”

“How so?”

“Well, she’s been acting sort of...well...childish.” Miss Honey said. The doctor raised an eyebrow as he looked at the small six- year- old girl sitting on the table, and then back to Miss Honey. “I mean she’s normally very mature, but she’s started,” She dropped her voice to a whisper, but Matilda could still hear the word “accidents.”

“I mean, it’s not a big deal or anything, but I just want to make sure there isn’t some kind of underlying issue.”

“I could check her blood sugar, make sure we’re not dealing with juvenile diabetes. Excessive urination can be a symptom.”

“Please, but it’s not just that it's, well, how do I put this? Things have been… flying around the room when she gets upset.”

“Flying around the room?” The dr. looked at the woman doubtfully. Miss Honey locked eyes with Matilda, whose expression was one of horror as she shook her head. “You mean she’s getting upset and throwing things?”

“Y-yes, like that.” Miss Honey said.

“So she’s been throwing tantrums and you’re concerned because it seems out of the ordinary for her?”

“Yes!” Miss Honey exclaimed as Matilda scowled. She was not throwing tantrums, Matilda thought until she remembered last night.

Miss Honey had brought up the idea of wearing diapers to bed. Logically it made sense! It shouldn’t have been such an issue, but instead of thinking things through like she usually did, she had resisted the idea and it had led to their very first fight. Not even a fight, but a disagreement...at least until the unknown pressure inside her had become so unbearable she had thrown it out and the invisible force smashed the bedroom mirror to bits. She couldn’t play dumb with her arms outstretched like some kind of cartoon superhero mid attack as glass exploded around the room.

Matilda sighed. She knew she needed to apologize, even if she didn’t quite understand how she had made the mirror blow up.

Matilda tried her best to tune out their conversation, even if it was about her. The pressure in her chest and behind her eyes was beginning to bother her and if she didn’t get it under wraps, she would unintentionally demonstrate what Miss Honey was talking about. She tried to think about Miss Honey’s promise that afterwards they’d go to the museum together. They were having a special exhibit today on ancient civilization. She had always wanted to go. It was huge! Three stories and there was a massive hedge maze in the back. She had tried on several occasions to go, but they never let her in without an adult. Even that though quickly lost its grounding ability after listening to the two of them go back and forth.

“May I be excused? I need to use the restroom.”

“Yes, of course. I need something from you though.” The doctor said.

Matilda hopped down from the table and was handed a specimen cup. She examined it. She knew what it was for from reading about medical tests, but she had never had to herself. She couldn’t even remember when the last time she was in a doctor’s office. Had her parents ever taken her at all?

“Am I current on all my vaccinations?” Matilda asked. Legally, she would have had to be for school, but she had a sinking suspicion Crunchem Hall wasn’t very particular about following the laws. Hadn’t she seen a girl in her class get thrown over a fence by her hair on the first day? Bruce Bogtrotter would agree “normal” wasn’t in their schools vocabulary.

The doctor let out a patronizing chuckle. “Can’t say I’ve ever heard a little girl ask me if she was getting a shot that way before. Why don’t you let the adults discuss that?”

“Please, I’m-” Matilda started to say, but was cut off.

“Now I know shots can be scary, but it’s not as bad as you're imagining.”

“I want-”

“Now run along and go potty, or do you need your mommy’s help with that?” He gestured to the cup in her hands.

The pressure in her eyes was too much to take. Behind the doctor, the wastepaper basket began to levitate.

Miss Honey let out a gasp. “Yes, I think I’ll go help her!”

Matilda felt a larger hand begin to pull on hers, and the trash can fell back to the ground with a loud thunk. The doctor swiveled around in his chair searching for the noise as Matilda let Miss Honey lead her to the bathroom.

Once there, Miss Honey watched with a mixed feeling of apprehension and wonder as bits of paper towel floated around the family style bathroom. Matilda on the other hand, seemed hardly to notice. She stood as still as a statue, staring transfixed at the trashcan as garbage continued to rise. After about a minute, everything fell to the floor leaving the bathroom covered in trash.

Matilda let out a relieved sigh and rubbed at her eyes.

“Matilda.” Miss Honey said, a bit of apprehension in her voice. The young girl looked up upon hearing her name. “What’s going on? How long has this been happening?”

Matilda thought about it. “Well, I guess it started when I accidentally blew up my dad’s tv, but i’m still not sure. I can’t control it or anything. I get this burning in my eyes and I feel like I’ll blow up if I don’t get it out. I’m really sorry about the mirror, Miss Honey. I wasn’t trying to break it, I had to get the pressure out before it broke me!” She blurted out without stopping. She hadn’t realized her eyes had begun to water and sting, but this time for a more mundane reason. “Please don’t send me back!”

“Matilda, I would never send you back, sweetie. You are the most extraordinary and brightest child i’ve ever met. You are wonderful, and special. I’m sorry your family never recognized you for what you truly are. Maybe the doctor’s right and you are just under a lot of stress right now. Sometimes I forget you’re only six-years-old. You may have the mind of someone far beyond your age, but your body is still growing.”

“I was embarrassed and. . . I lost control of it.” Matilda tried to explain. “I think I need more practice.”

“Well,” Miss Honey said looking around the room. “I guess we can start by cleaning up in here.” Matilda took in the room for the first time and cringed. There were paper towels everywhere! One was even dangling from a vent in the ceiling! Not only that but the faucet had turned itself on. She pointed at the nearest piece of trash and concentrated and then… nothing happened. She pointed again and again trying with all her might, but the most she could get to happen was turning over a crumpled up wad on its side.

“Where are you when I need you?” Matilda said. Resigned to her fate of manual labor, Matilda used her foot to sweep everything into a pile and Miss Honey picked it up and put it back in the trash. Matilda looked up at the vent. How were they going to get that down?

“Do you want help with that?” Miss Honey asked quietly.

“I guess, but how?” Matilda said, still looking up.

“Well, you sit on the toilet and lift your gown up and i’ll hold the cup so you don’t drop it.”

“Wha-” Matilda started to ask until she saw Miss Honey holding the specimen jar. Matilda’s face grew a shade of pink. “I can do it myself. I’ll meet you outside.”

“Are you sure, it can be tricky with small hands.”

“No, thank you. I’ll be fine.”

She waited until Miss Honey left, before reading the directions on the label and sat on the toilet. Why in the world would she think I needed help with this, she thought to herself. She lifted the gown and bent over, but she couldn’t see where to position the cup. All she could see was the gown no matter where she bunched it up. Some genius she was if she couldn’t even pee in a cup by herself. Resigned to doing it by feel, she blindly stuck the cup under her and relaxed. She could hear it splash in the bowl below. This wasn’t right. She moved her arm around under her until she heard a different sound and felt the warm liquid begin to fill from the outside.

There, no problem. She had this. She. . .

. . . . .

“Matilda?” Miss Honey asked, seeing the young girl come out with her head hung low.

“I dropped it in the toilet.”

…..

They had made her drink eight cups of water. She felt so full by the time she downed the last one. She looked down at both her arms now covered in bandages and felt relieved. Sure the shots had stung, but the momentary discomfort was nothing in comparison to catching a preventable disease. She had been right to be concerned. She hadn’t been vaccinated since she was a baby. So it had been one shot. One cup of water. Another shot. Another cup of water.

“I know Diphtheria isn’t very common here as its mostly found in Asia and developing middle eastern countries, but a virus that creates a toxin that can destroy the nose and throat, before leading to paralysis and death doesn’t sound pleasant. It’s still nothing compared to Polio though. Miss Honey, did you know that 1 in 200 people that had Polio ended up paralyzed?” Matilda rattled on.

The doctor chuckled politely, as she spouted out different dates, until she had come to the M.M.R. vaccine. That date he did know off the top of his head. It was 1971 and as she confidently repeated it, he stopped in his tracks and stared at her as if he was noticing her for the first time. He had assumed she was pretending to know as children sometimes did in order to appear more knowledgeable than they really were.

“That’s right.” he said as he knit his eyebrows together. He wanted to assume it was a lucky guess, but that didn’t seem right. “Do you know what M.M.R stands for?”

“Mealels, mumps, and rubella, they each had their own separate vaccinations in the late sixties, but they didn’t put them together until early 70’s.” Matilda said.

“Where did you learn that?”

“A library book about contagious diseases. It was really interesting, but I skipped over the pictures, especially when it came to the bubonic plague.”

“I don’t blame you. That medical book, you read it or did someone read it to you?”

“I read it.”

“And you understood it?”

“Yeah, I wash my hands a lot more now.”

“You said you were six, correct? How long have you been able to read adult books?”

Matilda shrugged and thought about it. “Well, my parents left me home alone since I was three, and it was really boring so I’d walk down the library everyday since it was just a couple blocks. The children’s books stopped being all that interesting pretty fast, so I guess since I was four?”

“Wait, what?” The doctor asked alarmed. He looked up at Miss Honey. “She’s been left unsupervised since she was three?” He gave her an accusing look.

“Yes, that’s why she’s in my care now. She is a student in the class I teach and I started noticing signs of severe neglect. When I asked her parents about it, they signed over custody to me. I’m just waiting on the courts to make me her legal guardian.” Miss Honey explained.

The doctor relaxed a little. “You must be a very kind person to take her in. Most would just report them and move on with their lives.”

“Matilda is a very special girl. She’s not like other children her age. I asked my kindergarten class as a joke to multiply a large sum, and she knew the answer right away. I thought she was kidding until I worked it out with a pencil and paper.”

“I’m starting to understand your concerns a little better, but I stand by my earlier assessment. I think it’s just stress. It can affect the body in strange ways, especially small children. I must admit I am quite impressed with her knowledge and mental capabilities, but she is still just a child. If the urine test and blood work come out fine, my advice is give it time. This is a big change in her life, and she might just be having trouble adjusting emotionally. If the bed wetting becomes persistent, get a mattress protector and maybe some of those absorbent night underwear for kids.”

“No!” Matilda said, before cringing in embarrassment for interrupting. “I’m sorry, but please, no diapers. “I’m, I’m…” she started to say before pausing to get her thoughts in order. “I’ve really never had this problem before.”

“Well, I wouldn’t call them diapers.” The doctor said, but she shook her head. “Well, then I would suggest no liquids before bed, and if need be, set an alarm in the middle of the night to wake you up to use the bathroom.”

Matilda frowned. Why hadn’t she thought of that?

“That’s a thought.” Miss Honey agreed. “Let’s do that then.”

“You ready to try this again?” The doctor asked, handing Matilda another specimen cup. “Please take this nice woman to help you this time.”

“You, you really don’t need to help me.” Matilda mumbled. “It’s kind of embarrassing. You’re my teacher.”

Miss Honey frowned, feeling a little hurt. She thought they were more than teacher and student at this point. Is that all Matilda saw her as?

“Well, we can’t have you drop it again, what if one of my female nurses went with you?” the doctor asked.

Matilda shrugged. She’d rather do it herself, but she had blown that chance. Anything was better than accidentally peeing on Miss Honey’s hand or something. She might blow up the sink with her mind. She had read that viruses were spread via bodily fluids, and what if this sudden telekinetic thing was a symptom of some unknown illness? She couldn’t risk passing it on to her.

Not Miss Honey.

Anyone but Miss Honey.

The nurse would wear gloves at least. If she couldn’t do this by herself, this was the next best option. She gave her agreement, before giving her small hand a glare. “This is your fault.” she whispered at it as she followed a young black haired woman with glasses back into the bathroom.

“Go on and lift up your gown with both hands and spread your legs.” Matilda didn’t fight it when she felt herself get cleaned, it was weird but necessary with her hands occupied. “Now what you’re going to do is pee for a second to flush out anything, and then stop.”

Matilda stared over at the sink and relaxed. One second went by, and then two. No, no, no, no!!

“I can’t stop it!”

“No worries, it happens. It takes practice, as long as I can get enough in the cup. Good, just a little more, and... this should be enough. D-did the sink just turn on?”

Oops, Matilda thought as the nurse stood back up with the half-full cup.

“Go ahead and finish up here and meet us back in the room. Don’t forget to wash your hands in the haunted sink.”

Matilda breathed a sigh of relief when she was alone. Embarrassment seemed to be the trigger for whatever made her lose control. She didn’t realize doctor appointments could be so...awkward. At least all the embarrassment for the day was over, she thought as she washed her hands, blissfully unaware that the day had only given a taste of what it had to offer.

*047*2020-12-04 16:08

As smart as Matilda was, there was one thing she didn’t fully grasp, and that was just how remarkable she really was. She didn’t know why adults sometimes gaped at her with glassy eyes, or why Miss Honey kept telling her she was special. She had never thought herself as special before. She had certainly never been told so by her family. She enjoyed reading and learning new things, but in her mind that didn’t really set her apart from anyone else her age.

She didn’t feel any different than her friends, Lavender and Hortencia. They all loved pulling pranks on Miss Trunchbull, but if anything though, if anyone was a “genius” it was Hortencia. Matilda and Lavender were in awe of her when it came to her bravery and how far she was willing to go to pull one over on the Trunchbull. They looked up to her, as any pair of six year olds would look up to an 11 year old, with awe and reverence. When Hortencia had told the tale of how she had single handedly snuck into the Trunchbull's office and sprinkled every single one of her pair of gym shorts in itching powder, it had elevated her to god status in their young eyes.

Once the doctor had left the room, Matilda changed back into her overalls, glad to be rid of the gown. She got her legs in fine by herself, but when it came time to hoist the straps up, she winced. Both her arms gave off a dull painful throb which she fought through as she tried to fasten the buckles.

There was something that Miss Honey had said that had bothered her. She didn’t quite understand what she had meant by “she was usually so much more mature than other kids her age?” What did she mean she was being more childish than usual? Did Miss Honey expect her to act like an adult all the time? Matilda had a sinking feeling Miss Honey was putting her on a pedestal far higher than she deserved to be on. Matilda wondered if she meant childish because she needed help sometimes.

“How are you feeling? Still up for the trip?” Miss Honey asked, before taking the loose strap of Matilda’s overalls and buckling them for her.

“Yes!” Matilda said and frowned as Miss Honey fastened her clothes for her. Was this childish? She had been enjoying having Miss Honey there, brushing her hair and tucking her into bed at night. It was a new experience for her, but was she not supposed to? Was that a childish thing to want help? Mom’s always did that sort of thing for their kids in books, but Matilda wondered if that’s why Miss Honey liked her, because she was “more mature”. Was she the exception to the rule because she was different?

They walked in silence down a few blocks in the small village. Matilda stared questioningly at Miss Honey’s offered outstretched hand before they crossed the busy intersection. Was it some kind of test, she wondered to herself. Before she could make up her mind on what to do, Miss Honey had taken her hand and led her across. Matilda let out a small whimper as she let her arm be raised. She had only expected pain during the actual injection process, but not after.

Once they stood in front of the large white multi-story building all thoughts of pain and childish actions were far behind her. Now she was the one who eagerly marched forward pulling Miss Honey by the hand. She was so excited to be here! The place was full of adults and children alike on a bustling Saturday afternoon. A banner hung on the entrance that read, “Come Meet our Award Winning Olympic Athletes! Today Only!”

Matilda was fascinated by the displays. Each room had a different civilization. There was Rome, and Egypt, Incan, Persian, Ancient Greek, Chinese, Mayan and Mesopotamian. That was just a traveling display that came and set up one month a year before packing up and moving to another city. There was still the Museum's usual year around displays she had never gotten to see. There were paintings, and sculptures, and the Garden Maze in the back that drew flocks of families. She heard along the way there were hundreds of different types of plants to see. She had seen pictures in a book and it looked so beautiful. In the center of the maze was a huge gorgeous fountain.

“So what do you want to look at first?” Miss Honey asked.

“You pick, I can’t decide!” Matilda admitted.

“How about we start with Rome and work our way around?”

Matilda peered into various glass cases and read all about various inventions, and tools. There was a display about the founding of the Julian calendar she found fascinating. She hadn’t even realized nearly 30 minutes had gone by in the first room alone. She had been reading about the history of aqueducts when Miss Honey reminded her if they wanted to see everything she couldn’t stop and read every little plaque that had writing on it.

They passed through Inca and Mayan territory, but Miss Honey had to practically drag her out of the Egyptian room. She would have stayed in there all day if given the chance. The mummies history, and the pyramids were so interesting that she hadn’t even flinched reading about the embalming process despite Miss Honey’s concerns about it giving her nightmares. After two-and-a-half hours they had finished all the civilization rooms.

Matilda was ready to jump straight into the paintings, but Miss Honey pulled her in a different direction.

“How about we take a break for a bit?” Miss Honey said. Matilda noticed she looked moderately uncomfortable. She seemed to be looking around for something, spotted it and Matilda obediently followed until they came to a line for the Restroom. It was fairly crowded and by the time it was her turn, Matilda began to feel the effects of all the water she had drunk. There was just one problem though, she realized as she stepped into a stall and closed the door. She couldn’t raise her dominant arm past her chest.

Matilda winced in pain as she tried and tried again to reach the straps of her overalls.

“Matilda, are you okay?” Miss Honey asked from the other side of the stall door after a few minutes. “Do you need help?”

“N-no!” Matilda lied, sighing in defeat. Needing help getting undressed to use the restroom fell squarely in the childish category. She didn’t need to go bad anyway. She’d ask for help if it was an emergency, but for now she was fine. She kicked the plunger with her foot for show to flush the toilet and came out to wash her hands.

“Ready for more?” Miss Honey asked and Matilda eagerly followed. She quickly forgot about her predicament for the next twenty minutes until she found herself shuffling from foot to foot. She stared at the paintings with less rapt attention and focus to detail. After another ten minutes she was no longer enjoying the paintings at all. She was about to admit defeat and ask Miss Honey for help when a familiar voice behind her called her name.

“Matilda! Miss Honey!” Matilda spun around to find her older, blonde friend Hortencia and her mom.

“Oh, hello!” Miss Honey said as Hortencia made the introductions.

“Be careful out back at the Olympics display.” Hortencia warned ominously. “The Trunchbulls here and in a foul mood.”

“Why?” Matilda asked, her joy now turned to horror.

“Have you ever seen her in a good mood?” Hortencia shot back.

“No, I mean why is she here?” Matilda asked, but the answer to her question came to her the moment she closed her mouth. “The Olympics display.”

“Yeah.” Hortencia nodded before leaning in close and whispering in Matilda’s ear. “And because I put something in her drink.” She grabbed Matilda’s hand and slipped something inside of it. When she pulled back away, Matilda examined the laxative wrapper crushed in her fist. She nearly lost control of her bladder from laughing, only recovering once she crossed her legs and leaned forward. “You okay?”

Matilda gave a side glance at Miss Honey, but she was busy talking to Hortencia’s mom to notice. “I need your help.” Matilda whispered. “Not here though.” She waited for a break in the adults' conversation to ask as politely as she could if she could go show her friend something in the other room.

“I’ll be right back!” Matilda reassured them both once she had gotten their consent and dragged Hortensia by the hand towards the restrooms. She froze in dismay as she read, “Closed for Cleaning.”

“What, what did you want to show me?” Hortencia asked.

“Nothing, I needed your help with my overalls. I can’t get them off and I need to pee.”

“Why didn’t you just ask Miss Honey? Why do you need my help for?”

“Because. Besides it doesn’t matter, it’s closed.” Hortencia rolled her eyes.

“That’s such a little kid problem. You little kids can't hold it for five minutes without peeing your pants. Fine there’s another one downstairs. I’ll take you.” Hortencia groaned acting like it was the biggest chore.

“Thanks.” Matilda mumbled, shifting her weight from foot to foot. “I can’t lift my arms for some reason. ”

“Why?” Hortencia asked as the two of them rode the escalator down.

“Got a bunch of shots this morning and-”

“Tetanus, wasn’t it?” Hortencia nodded her head in understanding. “Had to get one after spending all day in the chokey. I came out with all these cuts and scrapes before Trunchbull let me out. I had to tell my parents I got cut from the metal in the jungle gym, but yeah, couldn’t lift my arm for a week.”

“So it’s normal?” Matilda asked.

“I guess.”

“Where are you two going?” A voice rang out. They turned to see Miss Honey and Hortencia’s mom at the top of the escalator about to ride it down.

“The bathroom!” Hortencia yelled back up. “Matilda needs help getting her pants off!”

Matilda cringed. “Thanks.” she mumbled. She could feel the heat radiating off her face. “Tell the whole place why don’t you.”

“I think I will.” Hortencia said with a grin. “She’s about to pee herself!” She yelled back up before letting out a laugh. “Lighten up, no one cares, you’re just a little kid after all!”

Matilda was horrified and the worried expression on Miss Honey’s face didn’t help. Even worse, she could feel the pressure building behind her eyes. She rubbed at them as tried to get the sensation to go away.

“Jeez, don’t cry I was only teasing you.” Hortencia said.

“I’m not crying, there’s something up with my eyes.” Matilda said. She stopped at the bottom of the escalator and blinked trying to get the sensation to go away.

“Matilda! Are you okay?” Miss Honey said. Matilda could hear the worry in her voice without looking at her. She must have taken two steps at a time to get to her this fast.

“I’m fine, my friend is just picking on me.” Matilda said, plastering on a fake smile. Try as she might, she couldn’t stand still long enough for that sentence to ring true.

“Are you going to lose control?” Miss Honey whispered in Matilda’s ear. Her face burned crimson.

“No! I don’t have to go that bad!” Matilda said.

“I meant the other thing.” Miss Honey said.

“Oh, umm, I- I don’t think so.” Matilda said, sounding unsure. The burning pressure was now worse thanks to the question and the realization that they were surrounded by precious and priceless artifacts was not lost on either of them.

“Let’s go outside just in case.” Miss Honey said.

“Can I use the restroom first?” Matilda asked, but she knew the answer to that question as soon as a poster fell off the wall behind them.

“Quickly! Let’s get you out of here!” Miss Honey scooped Matilda up and raced outside, leaving behind a confused Hortensia.

“Uh, see you at school!” She yelled after them.

Miss Honey briskly walked outside only to find the courtyard packed from the Olympics display. There was nowhere for her to release the pent up energy without being spotted, and the last thing either of them wanted was to be caught by…

“Jen! Jen! What brings you by?” The Trunchbull asked. “Come to see me perform my famous hammer throw perhaps? Wait, what are you doing with the Wormwood brat?” The Large muscular woman sneered at Matilda, who hid her face in Miss Honey’s shoulder. No matter how brave she was with her friends, her natural instinct was to shrink in terror when caught face to face with the horrible beast.

“Absolutely! I wouldn’t miss it! When’s the next demonstration?” Miss Honey asked, trying to appease the horrid women.

“You didn’t answer my question. What are you doing out of school with the Wormwood brat?”

“We came to see the exhibits, and-” Miss Honey’s words were cut off by a faint gurgling sound. Miss Trunchbull's face paled.

“What do I care what you do with the little vermin on the weekends?” The Trunchbull said before storming away inside while holding her stomach.

Miss Honey breathed a sigh of relief before spotting the maze. “Here!” She said, rushing inside around a few corners and into a dead end. She set Matilda down in front of a pile of leaves when they were sure they were alone. “Would that help, whatever it is to calm down?” Matilda nodded and stared fixated at the pile until it was as if a strong wind had entrapped itself in the corner of the hedge. Miss Honey watched the leaves swirl around for a few moments, until the small pocket of wind died down.

Matilda now kneeled on the ground with her ankles crossed and hands holding herself. Using her powers had made her urge to pee so much worse. She suddenly felt very weak. She gasped as she felt a small trickle escape into her pants. No. No. No. Not while she was awake! Not in public.

“Oh, Matilda, I didn’t know you needed to go this badly. ” Miss Honey said. She rested her hand on the small child's back.

“ I’m-I’m fine.” Matilda said, before standing up. She still shifted from foot to foot, but felt she could move on. She looked down at her pants alarmed at the tiny dime sized wet stain. She covered it quickly with her hands, but Miss Honey had already seen it.

“Why didn’t you tell me you couldn’t undue the clasps? I would have helped you.” Miss Honey said gently as they slowly made their way towards the center of the maze. There had been a sign for porta-potties along with an ominous sign.

“Due to the recent cost of the dying plant life and flowers, please use the portable facilities located in several points along this maze.”

A large red circle with a parent and small male stick figure peeing into the bush was crossed out with a big red line through it along with more text underneath. “Punishable by permanent ban and 250 pound fine.”

“Because it was a childish thing to need help with.” Matilda mumbled, as she shuffled along as fast as she could. “I can’t lift my arms from the shots.”

“Matilda, look at me.” Miss Honey said. Matilda kept moving but looked up. “I want you to rely on me, okay? I know you’re so used to having to take care of yourself you don’t know what it means to rely on others. But If you ever need anything, big or small, I want you to tell me, okay? I don’t want you to feel you have to do everything by yourself.”

Matilda nodded, too preoccupied on the situation to let the words she was hearing sink in. Her eyes were watering and her pants felt suspiciously damp. She was afraid to look at the damage. After three more wrong turns, her heart soared when she saw the exit.

“It’s the center!” She cheered rushing forward until she stopped dead in her tracks looking horrified.

“What? What is it?” Miss Honey said, until she saw the problem. “Oh no.” She mumbled, before meeting the near crazed look in Matilda’s eyes. “Well, I guess we better get in line.”

They stood in the back and waited with Matilda occasionally letting out a cry. She couldn’t hide her situation now. A tiny wet streak ran down a pant leg. Passerby’s offered Miss Honey a sympathetic nod as if to say, “Been there with my little one.”

The door to the only porta potty finally opened. A mother and her toddler were about to go in when the crowd jumped as something large barreled towards them all. People left and right were shoved out of the way with grunts of, “MOVE!” and “Out of the way!” were hurled at them.

The Trunchbull, holding her stomach, pushed and shoved her way to the front of the line, knocking over the mom and toddler in the process before going inside and slamming the door in the process with an angry THUNK.

Miss Honey looked down at the horrified look on Matilda’s face as she held herself, tears now streaming down her face. She rubbed her back sympathetically, before guiding her away. “I have an idea.” She said. Matilda whimpered as she saw her last remaining hope vanish in front of her. She couldn’t make it through the maze to the other bathrooms. “Over here.” Miss Honey whispered, leading her into a corner of the last dead end they had come across. “Take off your shoes and socks.”

Matilda thought she knew what Miss Honey wanted her to do. Her face turned red, but it was better than having a full blown accident. Miss Honey was going to stand guard so she could pee in the grass like a dog. She kicked off her shoes before pausing to bend and hold herself again, before managing to slip off her socks.

“Please help me with the straps.” Matilda begged.

“Why?” Miss Honey asked, before realization dawned on her. She gave Matilda a sympathetic smile. “No, sweetie. You need to keep them on.” She gave her head a gentle pat.

“Wha-” Matilda choked out as she sobbed. “No, please no!” She tried to undue the strap herself, but her arm was now even worse than before. “I can’t!”

“Sweetie, it’s okay, I promise. Just get it over with.”

Matilda sobbed. “No, I’ll go back in line. I can make it!”

“Shh. Honey, you already didn’t make it.” The woman said, but her voice was gentle and non chastising. She knelt down until she was eye level with her. “There’s no point in fighting the inevitable any longer.”

“I- I-’m so sorry.” Matilda cried. Another, larger streak had begun to form but then stopped.

“Matilda, really it’s okay. You’ll feel better if you just get it over with. I promise. I love you, and a pair of wet pants, or sheets isn’t going to change that.”

Matilda stood there stunned. It had taken her so off guard that she let go of herself and stood still, staring at Miss Honey as if seeing her for the first time. Had she just heard what she thought she did?

The distraction had been enough. Matilda whimpered and turned towards the hedge as she felt her bladder decide enough was enough. She leaned her head against the hedge and began to bawl as warm liquid began to freely flow down her legs, soaking the faux denim and coming out at the ankles, leaving a patch of damp grass at her feet.

“It’s okay, it’s okay.” Miss Honey whispered gently, rubbing Matilda’s back. “That’s it. It’s all over now.” She gently spun the girl around to face her. She ran the back of her hand along the girls damp cheeks. There was still a look of uncertainty and shock in her eyes. “Talk to me, Matilda.”

“Were you just saying that?” Matilda asked, almost a whisper.

“Saying what?” Miss Honey asked, but the young girl didn’t respond. She was at a complete loss, until a sad thought crossed her mind. “Matilda,” Miss Honey whispered. She felt something large and thick catch in her throat. “Has anyone ever told you they loved you before?” Matilda stood still for a moment before slowly shaking her head no.

Miss Honey sighed sadly before kneeling down and wrapping her arms around the trembling girl and rocked her back and forth. “I love you, Matilda.”

“No, Miss Honey, you’ll get all wet.” Matilda said, but made no move to push her away.

“I don’t care.”

“Miss Honey.”

“Yes?”

“...I love you too.”

###

When the two stood up and made their way back to the center of the maze, they noticed the line for the Porta Potty had not changed at all. Was Miss Trunchbull still in there? Matilda wondered. She had an idea, a terrible, but wonderful idea. She doubted she could pull it off, but the fluttering anticipation in her chest told her Maybe. Despite her current ordeal, she hadn’t felt this happy and at peace… ever.

If she could smash a wall, and knock over shelving… what if?

“Is that lady still in there? The big one?” Matilda asked. A woman and daughter pair turned around and took in the state Matilda’s clothes. The woman gave her a look of sympathy before nodding her head. It was all she needed to know.

“There’s a fountain by the exit.” The woman called out after her.

“Miss Honey, could I use my powers for evil, just this once?” She motioned something with her finger and Miss Honey knitted her eye-brows together. It took her a minute to respond, as being a good role model and poetic karma fought for dominance.

“You could try, I mean it’s not like you could...right?” Miss Honey smiled for a second.

“I feel like I could do anything right now.” Matilda whispered. She stared at the porta-potty. It had worked with the glass. She threw her whole mind into it. She summoned every emotion she had felt today. Embarrassment, shame, and lastly, a new one she had never felt before. Love.

Ever so slowly she could see the blue box begin to rock. Back and forth. Back and forth.

“KNOCK IT OFF YOU LITTLE MAGGOTS!” Bellowed an angry voice from inside.

Back and forth. Back and forth.

“I MEAN IT, IF I FIND WHOSE DOING THAT I’M GONNA MAKE YOU WISH YOU WERE NEVER BORN!”

The rocking began to pick up momentum. People in line began to back up.

Back and forth. Back and forth.

Finally with one last mental push, the porta potty tipped over.

“Huh, sure is windy today.” Miss Honey said casually as they turned their backs and began the walk back home.

“Right, Miss Honey, It just seems to come out of nowhere.” Matilda said with a grin.

“You know you don’t have to keep calling me, Miss Honey.”

Matilda took her hand in her hers. “What do you want to be called?”

Jennifer thought about it for a moment. “When you’re ready, how about mom?”

Matilda smiled. “Okay, mom.”

*049*2021-12-30 14:12

Matilda could tell something was bothering her teacher and now guardian, Miss Honey. She wasn’t as lighthearted with the class or quick to smile. She seemed on edge, with her shoulders bunched tight almost to her ears as she stood explaining to her year one class basic vocabulary. Matilda, who usually had permission to work on more advanced lessons by herself, was now eyeing her with rapt attention.

“Who can tell me another word that starts with the “ch” sound?” Ms. Honey asked. Her best friend's hand was first to shoot up, as was the norm. “Let’s give someone else a chance, Lavender. Anyone else?”

“Child.” Someone called from the back.

“Very good, but please raise your hand next time. Umm, Cory, how about you?”

A “ch” word of a different kind flashed through Matilda’s mind. She shuddered at the memory of her time spent in the Chokee. She winced as she heard the sound of a few posters begin to shake and rattle on the wall. Breathe, she thought to herself. Breathe.

“Brian, would you mind getting up and closing the windows? It’s getting a bit windy.” Miss Honey asked. She locked eyes with Matilda for a second. None of the other students seemed to notice, not a single leaf or branch moved or swayed in the still air outside.

“Matilda,” Miss Honey said after they exchanged glances. “Would you step out into the hall for a moment?”

A chorus of “ooohhhs” and “You’re in trouble.” Filled the room. Matilda wordlessly placed a bookmark in her geography book and made her way to the door, ignoring the many eyes that trailed her. She swallowed the lump that was forming in her throat. Wait, was she in trouble? She bit down on the corner of her lip. Well, she had lost control of her powers for a moment. Was Miss Honey mad at her for disrupting? Or was it because she had stopped reading? Her mind seemed to be trying to come up with a reasonable explanation, but a horrific thought kept worming its way to her consciousness.

Don’t be stupid, she told herself. Miss Honey is the kindest and sweetest adult in the whole world. She’s not going to throw you in the Chokee just because you made a few posters dance around on the wall. Then a different thought crossed her mind. What if another teacher caught her out here without a hall pass? Would they take her to the Trunchbull?

She nervously glanced up and down the hallway. What was she doing out here?

Matilda nearly jumped out of her skin when a door down the hall burst open and out came a balding man, she assumed to be in his 50’s. She froze when he made eye contact with her. Oh no, was he going to ask her what she was doing out here? She breathed a sigh of relief when he merely nodded his head in her direction as he walked past to the teachers’ lounge, his shoes clacking loudly with every step down the echoing hall.

“Matilda.” A voice behind her said. She let out an, “eek” and jumped. She felt a soft hand fall onto her shoulder. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you, it’s just me.” She turned to find Miss Honey; her soft brown eyes narrowed with concern.

“N-no, it’s fine, you didn’t scare me.” Matilda said, trying to hide her shaking legs. “A-am I in trouble?”

“What? No, of course not!” Miss Honey said with a frown. “I just wanted to see how you were doing? Usually when things start shaking…” she trailed off.

“Sorry,” Matilda mumbled.

“You don’t have to apologize; I understand you don’t always have a complete grasp on…whatever this may be. I’m still just trying to figure out what makes you tic.” She said with a weak smile. “You do look exhausted, though.”

Matilda shrugged and looked away. It was Miss Honey that was worried about something! She hadn’t meant to make her worried about her too!

“Would you like to lie down for a bit and rest? I could see if there’s a bed open in the nurse’s office.”

Just as Matilda was about to shake her head, a wave of exhaustion seemed to crash into her. At the mention of a bed, it was all she could do to stay on her feet. She tried to protest, but Miss Honey had already taken her by the hand and was gently leading her down the hall.

“Did you get enough sleep last night? You didn’t stay up reading under the covers with a flashlight again, did you? You know I love your eagerness to learn, but bedtime is bedtime for a reason.”

“No, I just woke up early and couldn’t go back to sleep.” Matilda answered. Mostly true, she thought to herself. She hadn’t started reading until after she had woken up.

“Did you have another nightmare?”

“Yeah.” Matilda admitted. “But not about the Chokee, this one was different.” She let Miss Honey guide her into the office as she talked to the nurse.

“Hey Jennifer, what can I do for you?” A bead of sweat began to form on Matilda’s temple. Her stomach began to churn angrily as the adults stood talking to each other. In through your nose, out through your mouth, she chanted to herself. An unpleasant, heavy sensation began to form around her backside. No! Not now! You can’t be getting sick now! She clenched her hands into fists, ignoring the cold goosebumps that began to rise on her arms and legs. In through your nose, out through your mouth. You can ask to use the bathroom after Miss Honey leaves.

“Would you mind if one of my students laid down for a bit?” Miss Honey asked.

“Just need to ask her a few routine questions. Come on up, have a seat.” The older lady patted the hard blue plastic chair and motioned for Matilda to sit. She hid the grimace from her face as she slowly lowered herself down, ignoring the urge to excuse herself. “Any pain anywhere?”

“No.” Matilda said in a softer than normal voice.

“Upset tummy? Fever? Chills?”

“Just a little tired.” She said through clenched teeth. She didn’t want Miss Honey to know she was feeling sick. She looked up at her concerned teacher and smiled weakly through the pain. “I’m fine, You don’t need to stay here.” She felt as if an invisible arctic wind passed through her body that only she could feel. She hugged herself, fighting the urge to double over. If she didn’t leave soon, she wouldn’t make it to the restroom in time. The thought of soiling herself horrified her so much, a “cover your cough” poster began to shake. In through your mouth, out through your nose. Calm down. Breathe.

“Alright, you can lay down in the back.” She said to Matilda before turning her attention back to Miss Honey. ” I’ll send her back in an hour or so.”

“Actually, if you wouldn’t mind, would you let her sleep as long as she can?” Miss Honey whispered something in the older woman's ear. What Matilda wouldn’t give to have super hearing instead of telekinesis. As it turned out, she didn’t need super hearing to know what had been said.

“Don’t let her read?” The nurse said in surprise. “Jennifer! I never thought I’d never hear words like that come out of your mouth.”

“Yeah, well, trust me. She won’t sleep if there’s a book in her hand.” While normally true, Matilda didn’t feel much like reading at the moment.

“What do you think this is, a pediatrician's office?” She rolled her eyes and added in a sarcastic tone. “As if our great and powerful leader left us any money in the budget for children’s books. All I have is an old medical textbook I brought from home; nothing she’d find of any interest.” She said dismissively.

Miss Honey cringed. “Don’t you let her get anywhere near it! One hour with that and she’ll be opening her own clinic underneath the monkey bars.” The school nurse laughed, but Miss Honey shot Matilda a look that said, “Don’t you dare.”

She would not try and open a clinic underneath the monkey bars, Matilda thought to distract herself from the pain. It would be more of a first aid center, and it would be behind the slide. Miss Honey pressed what was meant to be a reassuring hand on Matilda’s shoulder.

“Don’t feel like you need to come back quickly. Try and get some rest and take it easy today. I’ll be back later to check on you.” Matilda nodded, too afraid to speak. She feared, one wrong movement, and she’d lose the battle of control against her churning stomach. She bit at her nail as she waited anxiously for Miss Honey to be out the door and around the corner before sprinting to the bathroom in the back and nearly knocking over the school nurse in the process.

“Matilda? Are you okay?” A voice asked her. A knock on the bathroom door. An involuntary moan came from Matilda’s mouth as she sat doubled over on the toilet. Another cramp and then another. Would it ever stop? Her dress clung to her now sweaty, trembling frame.

“I’ll be fine in a minute.” She managed to get out. I hope.

“Are you throwing up?”

“No!” Ugh, she better not start throwing up! This was bad enough. Another cramp. Another moan. Why did it have to burn so much? “I… I must’ve eaten something that’s not agreeing with me.”

“Why didn’t you tell me you were feeling sick?” Couldn’t they have this discussion later when her body was not actively feeling and sounding like an erupting volcano?

Instead, she repeated she’d be out in a minute, but a minute quickly turned to five, and then 10. By the time she figured it was safe to leave, she could hardly move. She grimaced as she shuffled out, unable to pick up her legs or bring them together.

“How about we go over those questions one more time.” The nurse said as Matilda very gingerly lowered herself down on the cot, the wax paper sticking almost immediately to her sweaty body. “Anything hurt? Your head? Stomach?”

“My stomach.” Matilda admitted, among other more sensitive areas.

“Anything else? Nausea, Diarrhea? Chills?”

“Yes.” Her heavy eyelids began to slide closed. Maybe she could just sleep it off.

“Open your mouth, I need to get your temperature. Don’t fall asleep just yet.”

’M’not.” She mumbled in response, before feeling a hard point along with the odd feeling of the disposable plastic sleeve under her tongue, causing her mouth to quickly fill with saliva. She waited awkwardly for the beep, relieved when it was removed, and she could finally swallow.

“You’re running a slight fever.”

“I’m fine. I just want to rest for a minute.”

“I really should call your mother and have her come get you.” At that, Matilda’s eyes opened, and she fought against the pull of sleep.

“No! Please don’t! I’m fine now, see? I think I’d like to go back to class.” She tried to sit up, but felt resistance. She looked to find the nurse holding her down with the palm of her hand.

“Woah there! I know Jennifer said you liked school, but you’re sick. You should be home in bed.”

Matilda shook her head. No one knew she had been living with Miss Honey, and she had been asked to keep it to herself. She had figured it was because Miss Honey was afraid the other kids would think she was giving Matilda special treatment and that’s why she wasn’t expected to follow along in class. But the nurse was talking about calling her biological mom to come get her, and Matilda had more than an inkling they didn’t miss her in the slightest. They had hardly been aware of her existence when she had lived with them, what made anyone think they cared about her now?

“What’s your last name, Matilda?”

She sighed in defeat before answering. “Wormwood.” A sudden recognition shown in the school nurse's eyes, followed by a look of pity. Now it was clear she recognized her as the pathetic, whimpering and shivering mess that was in here last month.

“I see.” Came a quiet, subdued response. “Then how about I just let you rest a bit and see how you feel in a couple of hours?” She suggested, as if it had been her idea all along. She went over to the sink and filled a cup with water under the tap. “The most important thing is making sure you don’t get dehydrated.” She handed the cup to Matilda, who downed it and handed it back before lying down on the cot. The cup was refilled and placed on the floor next to her with instructions to keep drinking every couple of minutes, but she was fast asleep before a couple of minutes had even passed.

…………

The school nurse sat forward in her chair, file open on her desk and hand hovering over the phone receiver. There was something unnerving about the Wormwood’s. While not as openly hostile and unpleasant as her boss, a feat neigh impossible, the blatant disregard they had for their daughter rubbed her the wrong way. It was as if Matilda was nothing more than an unpleasant, spoiled brat throwing a tantrum, belonging to some other unfortunate set of parents and not their own flesh and blood. Matilda, as far as she could tell, wasn’t even a brat, but the most mild-mannered 6-year-old she had ever met.

“Maybe you’ll be a little more agreeable today…” she muttered as she keyed in Matilda’s listed phone number. She held her breath as the phone rang on the other end. Just as she was sure no one was home, an angry sounding woman answered.

“What do you want?”

“Hello, is this Mrs. Wormwood?”

“Yeah, Who wants to know?”

“Hi, this is Miss Rogers, I’m calling from Crunchen Hall Elementary regarding your daughter, Matilda. She seems to be feeling a bit under the weather and-”

“So? What are you calling me for?”

Miss Rodgers sucked in a breath and rubbed at her temple. “Well, if she’s sick, then she really ought to be at home in bed.”

“Look, lady, Matilda ain’t our problem no more. Why don’t you call up that teacher she's living with? She’s the one who wanted her so bad, it’s her problem now.” Came the reply. “Now, if you wouldn’t mind, I’ve got more important things to do than discuss someone who don’t live here no more.”

Miss Rodgers blinked in confusion as the call was disconnected and tried to put the pieces together. So Matilda didn’t live with her parents anymore? It was probably for the best. Well, if not them, who was she supposed to call? What teacher? A teacher here? Her teacher? She didn’t mean… Jennifer?!

So that’s why Matilda asked to stay at school. Miss Rogers knew Jennifer lived alone, but when it came to her personal life, she knew little else. She frowned. The Trunchbull would never let her leave early. Matilda was stuck until school let out if Jennifer was her only chaperone. She’d have to call Jennifer and at least attempt to get her out of here, if not for her than for the other kids she’d expose.

She stuck her head in the back room that held the three dirty, and rusty cots. What was the Trunchbull doing with the schools' money that they couldn’t even afford proper beds? Instead, all they had was military style cots that looked like they came from the 50’s and walls with cracked and peeling yellowish paint.

She glanced down at the young girl who lay curled in a ball with her arms wrapped tightly around her stomach. Matilda was the fifth case of NoroVirus to come in this week. Miss Rodgers had sent them all home immediately at the first sign of tummy trouble in an attempt to curb the spread, but it was already too late. There wasn’t much she could do when every time she stepped out of her office she saw children sharing drinks, putting their mouths over the water fountain, and even licking the handrails on a dare. She gave one more pitying glance at Matilda before returning to her desk.

They needed to think of a way to get her home and soon. If this was anything like what was going around, and she was pretty sure it was, Matilda was about to feel a lot worse before she felt better. It was time to call Miss Honey.

……..

Matilda was only vaguely aware of the passing of time from the distant sounding chimes of the school's bells. Was that for lunch or recess? Or was the school day over already? What if it was the start of a new school day? Had she slept all morning and through the night? Had they forgotten she was in here?

Her head was pounding, and he body shivered involuntarily from the cold. She had asked Miss Rogers for a blanket, only to learn there wasn’t any. A mere 30 minutes later, her body’s internal temperature switched and decided it was a hot summer day in the Sahara Desert. She had asked for a fan, but they didn’t have any of those either. Matilda had to make due with room temperature water from the faucet Miss Rogers kept forcing on her.

She didn’t want to drink any more water. Her stomach felt so full and bloated. Rushing off to the restroom at a moment's notice was becoming more and more difficult as the room spun. The last episode, she hadn’t quite made it in time and had been forced to bury her underwear in the restroom trashcan. She was tempted to just pull the cot in next to the toilet and stay there, what with her stomach being as indecisive as her internal climate control. The near constant diarrhea was bad enough, but she wasn’t sure how long it would stay only that. There had been a few close calls where the unrelenting waves of nausea had nearly tipped her over the edge. Talking seemed to make it worse, so whenever Miss Rodgers had come to check on her, all she could do was grunt in reply.

How had this happened so fast? One minute, she was sitting in class thinking of words that started with “CH” and the next thing she knew, her stomach decided to give an example of its own by “churning.”

She tried opening her eyes, waiting for the world to stop tilting. She could feel the sweat rolling down her face and chest. Her dress was plastered to her body, refusing to unstick no matter how much she tugged at it. She’d give just about any earthly possession to be at home in bed right now instead of this miserable cot.

How much longer until the school day was over? There was a clock over on the far wall. If she could turn her head just a little to the left… A sudden rapid falling sensation had her gripping the sides of the cot for dear life. She shut her eyes tight. Her bladder voided itself. The cupboards began to bang open and closed around her. Papers, mops, brooms, and cleaning supplies began to fall to the surrounding floor. “Stop, please, stop!” she begged, but everything was out of her control. Miss Rogers rushed in, but as soon as she stepped through the doorway, Matilda heard a loud, “snap” and the school nurse's body fell limp to the ground.

“No!” she shouted. Panic overtaking her ailing stomach. Had she…had she just killed someone?!

“Matilda! Matilda! Wake up!”

A cold hand to her face jolted her awake. She was shaking and breathing heavy. Miss. Honey was standing over her.

“I’m sorry! I couldn’t control it!” Matilda said as she bolted up right. She took in the room, expecting to see destruction, but not a single door was ajar and nothing was out of place. She felt relief as she settled back down. She hadn’t killed Miss Rogers, after all!

“It’s okay. Don’t worry about it. The floor can be cleaned.”

“Blood?” Matilda whimpered.

Miss Honey searched her face, her eyes full of concern. “Blood? Why would there be blood?”

It took a second for Matilda to realize what she had meant. She didn’t need to look to know one part of the dream had been true, but she could hardly care at the moment she had wet herself.

“Bad dream.” Matilda whispered. This is what she got for reading Stephen King’s “Carrie”. Miss Honey had tried to keep her from reading it, but Matilda had been bound and determined to read the book about a teenage girl with telekinetic powers.

“Probably the fever.” Miss Honey said, “You’re burning up.”

“I want to go home.”

“I know, sweetie. Soon. I can’t leave yet, I tried. Hortensia’s coming to get you. You’re going to stay with her and her mom until I get off work. They live close by.”

Hortensia? Why was she coming to get her? Not that Matilda was complaining. Anything was better than being here, but why wasn’t she in school?

“Do you think you can sit up?” Miss Rogers asked. She offered Matilda her arm, and together they slowly got her up into a sitting position. The room began to spin in protest. Her stomach gave an angry lurch. Her mouth began to fill with saliva, but with a few even deep breaths, the wave of nausea passed. Matilda wasn’t so sure how she was getting there. Were they expecting her to walk? It took a toll just sitting up, she didn’t think she’d make it trying to walk out of the building, let alone however many blocks it was.

She was only vaguely aware of Miss Honey wiping her legs down with a wet paper towel. It wasn’t until Miss Honey said, “Let’s get you out of these wet things,” and begin to reach up under her dress did Matilda remember her current state.

“Where’s your underwear?” Miss Honey asked when her palms felt nothing but bare hips.

“Trashcan.” Matilda mumbled back.

“Why did you throw them away? We could have washed them.”

Matilda shook her head. There was no saving those.

“She’s had a rough morning, Jen. Sometimes all it takes is a cough or a sneeze at the wrong moment, and you can kiss any outfit they're wearing goodbye.” Miss Rodgers chimed in. Understanding seemed to dawn in Miss Honey’s eyes.

“Not from this?” she said, referring to the wet cot. Matilda shook her head. She traced a cool, gentle hand down Matilda’s face. “What about your dress? Did it get on it anywhere?”

“No.” She had been holding it up, about to pull her underwear down, when disaster had struck. She really couldn’t have been any closer to making it.

“Oh, I hate the thought of sending you over like this.” Miss Honey said, taking in the dark, wet spot that ran up part of her back. “I don’t have anything for you to change into.” She turned her attention to Miss Rodgers. “Is there anything in the lost and found?”

“Well, there is one shirt, maybe if she’s careful it could make due just until she gets there, but without any underwear it’s iffy.” Ms. Rodgers said. She headed out towards the reception area and began digging in a box underneath the counter and pulled out a large white shirt featuring the name of a nearby catholic summer camp on the back.

“It’ll have to do.”

Miss Rodgers handed the shirt to Matilda. Miss Honey motioned for her to lift her arms up, but Matilda shook her head.

“I’ll change in there.” She motioned to the bathroom. She could feel the slight pressure at her backside. She’d better not put it off like last time. The urge wasn’t bad, but it was deceptive. What started as an annoyance could grow to full-blown emergency as quick as a snap of the Trunchbull’s riding crop.

She gingerly stood to her feet and took a few steps. The room grew dark around her. Her vision began to tunnel. Her blood pressure was crashing. She stumbled, but Miss Honey was quick to grab her.

“Woah! Careful, are you okay?” Miss Honey’s arms were around her, holding her up. As much as Matilda would have liked to stay this way for a few more moments longer, she had more pressing matters to attend to.

“Got up too fast.” She wobbled a bit as she took another step closer, and then another. Her mouth began watering. Oh crap. She turned around and sat back down on the cot. On second thought, she could get changed out here after all.

Once she got the wave of nausea under control, she tried in vain to pull off her dress, but it wouldn’t budge. She was just too exhausted and weak to even do this by herself, and the sweat coating her body wasn’t doing her any favors.

“Arms up.” Miss Honey commanded. Matilda gave in, allowing herself to be stripped naked, except for her socks and shoes. She held up her arms again, as Miss Honey shimmied the T-shirt for St. John the Baptist’s Youth Retreat down her body, just stopping halfway down her thighs. “You’ll need to hold it down, but I’m sure Hortensia has something else you can wear. Maybe you can even soak in a nice warm bath once you get there.”

Matilda leaned against Miss Honey’s arm and closed her eyes. A bath did sound nice, but she wanted nothing more than to just go back to sleep. A loud thundering sound coming down the hall made her open her eyes.

“I told her to be discrete.” Miss Honey said with a sigh.

“Good luck with that one.” Miss Rodgers said as Hortensia rounded the corner, pulling a red, and slightly rusty looking Radio Flyer wagon behind her. “And look who it is! The Goddess of Chaos herself.”

“I made it!” Hortensia cried, clearly out of breath.

“Did you run here?” Miss Honey asked.

“Yeah, but only ‘cause I lost track of time petting a cat.”

“And did you leave said cat where you found it this time?” Miss Rodgers asked suspiciously.

“Yes,” Hortensia grumbled. “I swear! I had nothing to do with what happened the other day! I have no idea how that black cat ended up in Miss Trunchbull’s office.”

Well, that explains the screaming everyone heard over the intercom yesterday, Matilda thought. It had brought much needed laughter to the students and staff.

“Uh-huh,” Miss Rodgers said, “Just like you have no idea how those scratches ended up all over your arms and tufts of black fur were found in your backpack? Let’s not forget about the cat treats in your pocket.”

Hortensia waved her hand dismissively. “All a big coincidence! Trunchbull’s got it out for me! Every time something happens, she just assumes it’s me.”

Matilda gave a weak smile. That’s because it was always her. Except for the time Lavender put a newt in the Trunchbull’s drinking glass.

Hortensia seemed to notice her for the first time. Her eyes widened when they locked eyes. “What happened to you? You look like sh…” She caught herself at the second. “Shadows. You have shadows under your eyes.” She looked down. “And you have no pants on. Why are you not wearing any pants?”

Matilda squirmed under her gaze.

“Do you think you could lend her something to wear when you get to your house?” Miss Honey asked.

“Probably, it’ll be big, though.” Hortensia said. She pulled the wagon closer. “Hop in, we got to go before my mom gets mad. I was only allowed to be out for fifteen minutes.”

“Did you get in much trouble?” Miss Rodgers asked.

Hortensia sighed. “Grounded until the end of the summer.”

Matilda let out a yelp as Miss Honey picked her up by the back of the legs. She could feel her stomach rolling in protest at the sudden motion, and was relieved when she was quickly set down in the wagon. She was so glad she didn’t have to walk, there was no way she’d make it without puking before she even got out of the office. The pressure in her bowels had grown considerably, but it was too late to ask to use the restroom now. Hortensia had already started pulling her out the door, but not before asking Miss Honey, “You’re still going to talk to Mr. Larson about my Math grade, yeah?”

The final piece clicked in Matilda’s head. Miss Honey had bribed her! She must have been desperate!

Before they were completely out of hearing range, Matilda could have sworn she heard Miss Rodgers say, “I’m going to miss her when she graduates.”

………..

It had taken less than three minutes for Matilda to thoroughly regret her decision not to walk. She could feel every bump in the sidewalk, and every crack she rolled over was like sealing the nail in the coffin for her. She didn’t know whether to beg for Hortensia to speed up or slow down. She tensed every muscle she could manage. Her bowels demanded release of the built-up fluid and, what was worse, the nausea. If what she had experienced before were, “waves” than she was now sailing in the middle of the stormy ocean. She tried taking slow deep breaths, but nothing was helping.

“How much farther?” Matilda asked, through almost sealed lips. She was afraid if she opened her mouth, it would all be over.

“Just up the next street. You okay? You don’t look so good.”

“Bathroom.” Matilda groaned, holding her stomach. She didn’t want to admit she was about to hurl. Maybe if she didn’t admit it, it wouldn’t come true. It had been the wrong thing to say.

“Say no more!” Hortensia cried, and then she had begun to run, yanking the wagon along behind her. Matilda didn’t even have time to turn her head off the side, instead coating the front of the white shirt and lap in bile and bits of Lucky Charms. Her bowels released from the forceful retching. Against the hard metal, it sounded like a playing card in the spokes of a bicycle.

Hortensia came to a sudden halt and spun around, “Did you just-” Her face went pale and then a shade of green. Matilda answered her question by leaning over the side and vomiting again. The invisible bike with the “bap bap bap bap” sounding spokes whizzed by. Hortensia jumped back out of the line of fire.

Matilda groaned and sat back in the wagon once she was sure there was nothing left inside her to throw up. She could feel liquid covering her legs. She looked down at herself and grimaced. The wagon, and her the lower half of her body, were coated in a dark yellowish liquid. She was thankful her body had rid itself of any solid waste long before this carriage ride from hell, but her bowels had continued to try and drown themselves. She looked up to find Hortensia with a closed fist tight against her lips as she paced back and forth.

“I think I’m okay now.” Matilda said.

“That’s go-” Hortensia tried to say before gagging. “I can do this. I can do-” Gag. “It’s still better than summer schoo-” Gag. “Deep breaths.” Gag.

It took them a few minutes to resume their trip. Matilda was horrified when she looked behind them. The wagon was leaking, leaving a trail from the scene of the crime all the way to their final destination.

“Ma!” Hortensia yelled when they came to a stop in front of a single story brick house. Hortensia unlatched the black gate and pulled Matilda into the yard, before letting go of the handle and running up the porch steps. “Ma! Bit of a problem!”

Matilda heard footsteps approaching and willed herself to disappear.

“What on earth is that smell!? ‘Tens’! You better not have tracked dog shit home on your shoes again! Take them off. I swear to God, I leave you to do one thing and-” She stopped mid-sentence when she swung the screen door open. “Oh good Lord.”

Matilda hung her head in shame as she sat in a puddle of excrement.

“Is there any on my back? She shat herself like a fire hose and-” The older woman walked past her daughter, paying her no mind, and stopped in front of Matilda.

“Oh, you poor thing!” Matilda let out her held breath. “‘Tens’, go start her a bath, and bring me a mask and gloves!” Hortensia eagerly bounded up the steps, eager to get away from the offending sight and odor. “I’m sorry, hun, I know you’re feeling sick, but I’m going to have to hose you down. There’s just no other way.”

Matilda grimaced, but nodded. Once all the precautionary equipment was in place, The older, and quite larger, version of Hortensia offered her gloved hand and slowly helped her out of the wagon and out of her socks and shoes.

“Hang on to the fence if you need to steady yourself.”

Matilda held on to the black iron bars for dear life as things began phasing in and out. Her stomach was beginning to do flips again.

“Take off your shirt. You’re not bringing it into the house.” Heat radiated in Matilda’s cheeks as she slowly obeyed, grateful for the tall hedge blocking the view from the street. “Girly, where are your panties?”

Why did everyone care so much that she wasn’t wearing underwear?

Matilda stayed silent, grimacing as she stood naked in front of this stranger while covered in waste.

“I take it it’s been one helluva day for you?” Matilda nodded. She just wanted to get this over with, sit on the toilet, take a bath and go to sleep. She heard the hose turn on and braced herself. “Sorry if this is cold.” She jumped as the ice-cold water made contact with her skin. Where was this when she wanted something cold earlier?

Matilda shivered as the cold water sloshed over her back. Her stomach cramped in response and the familiar heaviness settled. Not again. She moaned and clenched her fists by her sides, but it was no use.

“I need the bathroom!” She shouted, taking a step towards the house in a panic, but she could already feel it begin to drip down her freshly cleaned legs.

“STOP! Oh no, you don’t!” Came a shout. “Not with that leaky bum of yours.”

Matilda whimpered in desperation, her eyes full of panic and tears. “But, I need to-”

Hortensia’s mom pointed back at the fence. “You can pop a squat there if you need to. I have to hose you and everything down again anyway. You won’t hurt anything. Go on.”

Matilda stood frozen in horror. She couldn’t just…that was so… Another cramp. Another wave of pressure, followed by another leak.

“Don’t just stand there, you’ll only make a bigger mess. ”

She shuffled back to the wet area where she was being hosed off and gave Hortensia’s mom another pleading, desperate look as if to say, “You sure about this?”

“Do what you need to do. I’ll be over here rinsing down the wagon.”

Matilda winced as she gripped the fence with one hand for support and lowered herself down into a squat. Her body needed no further instruction.

…………….

She was bawling in near agony by the time she was led through the house. Her butt was beyond raw. It burned! It was unbearable! No amount of cold water from the hose would soothe it. She knew she was making the pictures shake in the hall, but she didn’t care. Let them find out! They’d seen everything else!

“I know! I know! Shh, a warm bath with help with the irritation.” She lightly guided Matilda from the back towards the bathroom. “Tens! I need you to run over to Chunky’s and pick up a few things. I’ll call her with a list as soon as I get her settled.” A few seconds later, they heard the front door open and close. “There you go, how’s that?” she asked as Matilda gingerly lowered herself into the water. “Do you think you’ll be okay by yourself for a few minutes?”

Matilda nodded, still whimpering, and shut her eyes.

“Our neighbor has a toddler, his names Chuckie, but we call him Chunky, he’s the biggest toddler you’ve ever seen! I think they might have something that can help ease the burning. Here’s the toilet if you need it, don’t worry about getting water on the floor. I’ll be back to check on you in a few.”

Matilda sighed and sunk as low as she could into the water. The warm water felt nice on her irritated skin. All she wanted now was to crawl into bed. Every part of her seemed to ache. She never wanted to be this sick again.

Her stomach had managed to behave itself in the 20 minutes she had been left to soak. Matilda hoped that would be the last of it, but she doubted it. Wishful thinking, she knew.

Once she was finished with her bath, she was led into Hortensia’s room. It was exactly as Matilda had always pictured it. An absolute disaster. A path had been cleared by kicking clothes and other debris off to the side and everything pushed off the bed except for a t-shirt, gloves, a bottle of blue gel and some kind of mat.

“Lay on your side on the mat facing the wall, and we’ll see if this will help with the pain.” Matilda eyed the bottle suspiciously as she got into position. Petroleum Jelly.

“You’re not gonna… you know, take my temperature, right?” Matilda asked.

“I think your booty has been through enough abuse for one day.” Matilda couldn’t agree more. She heard rubber gloves being put on. “I am going to put some on my finger though.” Matilda clenched, “... And dab it on the irritated areas.” She relaxed. This woman was putting her on an emotional roller coaster!

She jumped a little as the cold gel was applied. The relief to the stinging was almost immediate.

“Better?”

“Yes!” She was about to let her guard down the rest of the way when she heard a peculiar, and yet somewhat familiar noise. No! She couldn’t be! She felt something pressed against her lower back.

“Roll onto your back for me.”

She could feel tears prickling her eyes as she rolled over. “Why?” She looked down at it splayed under her. It wasn’t even a pull-up like what she wore to bed!

“Hun, you are a very sick little girl right now, and this sick little girl has a very leaky bum.”

“I don’t think this is really necessary.”

“The gallon of diarrhea I rinsed off you and my patio says otherwise. Now, do you need any more gel? Is anywhere else irritated?” Matilda laid on her back, glaring up at the ceiling. “Going once, going twice, going thre-”

“Here,” Matilda mumbled, motioning in between the panty lines. “And the inside of my thighs.”

“It’s just in case, if you need to use the toilet, you can.” She said, dabbing gel. “If I left you like you are right now, one sneeze, and you’d douse the dog.”

Matilda blushed. She was probably right. “I didn’t know you had a dog.”

“The NEIGHBORS dog.” Ok, now she was just exaggerating.

“It’s not that bad.”

“Let me show you something.” She left the room, and came back, holding something in between her fingers. “This was the shirt my daughter was wearing.” She came closer. Matilda felt her face begin to burn. Little yellow dots stained the back of it. “I quite like my furniture, so please. Let’s just keep this on for now, just in case.” Matilda let her tape it up. “I’m sorry I made you do your business in the front yard, but it was obvious you wouldn’t have made it, and I couldn’t think of anything else.”

Matilda shrugged and wiped the tears out of her eyes. “Sorry, I had to.”

“It’s not your fault. I know it was completely out of your control. Here’s a clean shirt you can wear. What would you like to do? Would you like to come out to the living room? Or would you like to sleep for a bit?”

“I think I just want to sleep.” Matilda admitted after poking her head out from the shirt.

“Alright, I hope you feel better. I’ll send Tens in with some medicine for your tummy a little later.” She handed Matilda a blanket. “Here, you can watch some television.” She turned on the little set and left.

Matilda scowled. She hated the television. She looked around for the remote but couldn’t find it. She let her head fall back on the pillow, feeling irritated. She just wanted to sleep. She rolled this way and that trying to get comfortable, but with the inability to close her legs or turn down the volume, it was hopeless. Just as she was about to force herself up and turn it off, she spotted the remote lying across the room on the floor sticking out from under a pair of shorts. Without thinking, she stuck out her hand and made it come to her. There was a sudden bang. Matilda jumped as a bowl of soup crashed to the floor.

There stood Hortensia, empty-handed and mouth ajar. There was no question. She had seen far too much today.

