Life sucks, and then you die.

Author: satyr

*000*2014-10-12 16:58

'Life is just a long, miserable slog towards an inevitable destination. You spend all your life looking for some deeper meaning that doesn't exist, and then at the end you realize it was all for nothing. Some of us just realize a little earlier than others. Life sucks, and then you die.' Kaley took a deep breath after her little monologue, and closed her eyes, an unconscious habit. Perhaps she just didn't want to look at Jacob.

'Did you always feel this way, do you think? Do you remember?' Jacob, her therapist, was the most patient man in the universe. Every week for the past nine months, he'd listened to her misery and never once had he expressed frustration. She would certainly have been frustrated, because she knew she must be a tough nut to crack. It had taken her a while to let her guard down slightly: in the beginning, she'd been almost mute, staring into the floor or the ceiling. But once she had realized that Jacob didn't really care, but at the same time didn't not care, she had become a little more comfortable expressing her feelings. He was just doing his job, very patiently, and unlike everyone else, he was as numb to her as she was to him, and to everything else. There was nothing mean-spirited about this numbness: it was simply that he held his professional distance, which was quite different from the hysterical distance to which most people recoiled at the mention of depression.

The office was held in neutral grays and beige. Over Jacob's desk hung some sort of cubist reproduction, also in muted colors. Overhead, a fluorescent light buzzed. Kaley idly wondered if Jacob's office was some sort of metaphor for life.

The truth was that she didn't remember how long she'd felt this way, and she said so. It certainly felt like forever.

'I'm sure you can think of one thing, just one little thing that makes you want to live.' Kaley took a sip of her water and adjusted the hem of her skirt. This week's appointment was running out the clock, and they hadn't come any closer to a solution. And now she wouldn't be able to go next week, because she'd be flying out to meet her parents.

She thought back. As far back as she could remember, there was only gray and dark blue. The black dog. 'There's one thing,' she said. But she'd put that all behind her long ago. She couldn't bring herself so say it. 'But... It's nothing.' Kaley shifted in her seat.

Jacob's eyes sought her out, almost dragged her gaze upward from the floor to lock with his. She had to give it to him: if nothing else, he had kind eyes. 'I have to ask this,' Jacob said. 'Does it involve hurting yourself in any way?'

She had to think for a moment. In the end, probably not. She wasn't cutting or burning or choking herself, nor did she have any eating disorders. She took a gulp of water, shifted her legs again, and shook her head.

'That's good. Then you don't have to tell me, but I think you should keep doing that thing.' Wait, how did he even know it was a verb? Couldn't it be a noun? Chocolate ice cream cones? Colored leaves in the fall? Perhaps he knew her well enough by now to know those things all left her feeling nothing at all. They were just dead things.

Jacob seemed to be wrapping things up, so she finished her glass of water and stood up.

'See you in two weeks, then,' Jacob said. She picked up her trolley bag and rolled on past the toilets in the corridor, giving them a dismissive look. The receptionist was an exceptionally cheery girl whom Kaley had first assumed was hired purely to torture the unhappy bastards who passed through the psychologist's. She always gave Kaley a smile and asked about her day (usually monotonous) and plans (frequently none), filling in the gaps by expanding on her own busy life. In the nine months she'd come here, Kaley had learned that Anne the receptionist kept a little zen garden, because 'it always cheers me up in the morning,' that she practiced yoga, that she was always going on dates with her loving boyfriend, and that she believed in karma, 'but only the good kind.' Anne shot a curious look at her bag, and Kaley was obliged to explain that she was visiting family.

'How exciting!' said Anne, handing Kaley her receipt. She didn't feel very excited. But then again her default mode was apprehensive, so perhaps neutral was a step in the right direction.

Kaley refilled her bottle at the water cooler in the corner, stashed it in her purse and bid Anne farewell. Looking at the time, 3:30 PM, she realized she needed to get a move on. As she stepped out on the street, she was almost run over by a bicycle. Kaley felt her bladder jolt as the bicyclist's arm bumped into her on his way past. 'Watch out, dammit!' the bicyclist yelled, and then he was gone.

Normally, she'd walk to the station, but she figured she didn't have the time. She attempted to hail a cab, but it rushed past. Shit. She'd have to walk a block down to find a cab, then rush to the train station, then hope she'd catch a train quick so she'd make her plane. Why would everything have to be so complicated? By now, her steps were a little tense, but nothing she couldn't handle. Kaley strode forward, her heels clicking in rhythm with the little wheels on her trolley bag. Click-click-click.

'Where to, miss?'

'Central station. And quickly, please.' Kaley picked up her water bottle and took a gulp as the cab pulled out. Talking for an hour had left her mouth dry. She had to remind herself to stay hydrated on the days she was seeing Jacob. A bumpy street reminded her that what goes in, must come out. She was now clearly in need of a bathroom, but for some reason she didn't particularly feel like finding one. For one thing, she was in a hurry. The airport would have bathrooms, as would the plane. And then there was something else. The fullness reminded her of her connection to the world. She felt like an empty shell, but her body was reminding her that she wasn't. Kaley paid the cabbie and stepped out.

Once inside the looming station building, she quickly located a train to the airport. Her cellphone said 4:03 PM, and the train was departing at 4:09. She sat down on a bench and finished up her water. She thought of Jacob. He wasn't much older than her twenty-four years, probably recently out of school. She must be like a test run for him. One of his first real patients. So far, he was failing miserably. He'd diagnosed her with major depressive disorder, with primarily anhedonic features. Depression comes in two guises: there is the sad, teary, hating yourself and the world kind of depression.

And then there's the boring, monotonous, joyless kind of depression, where you're not so much actively sad as stably unfeeling and uncaring. Nothing felt particularly enjoyable to Kaley. Eating was a chore, going out with friends didn't bring her any joy, her work was simply a way to sustain herself, nothing more. She wasn't so much gazing into the abyss as she was the abyss. Suicide had never occurred to her, because there didn't seem to be any more point in dying than there was in living.

Her train pulled in, and she got on. As she sat down, her bladder gave a jolt, and she had to sit with her legs touching, hands in her lap.

There was something about Jacob, though. He was probably handsome. Kaley didn't really know. She had never had any boyfriends, or girlfriends, for that matter. It wasn't that she wasn't pretty enough. Today, she was wearing what one of her coworkers had dubbed 'office sexy.' A white blouse, unbuttoned in the neck just enough to show some skin, over a gray blazer. She had a gray skirt that went up to her belly button, but not longer down than halfway to her knees. Long enough to wear to work, short enough to show off her pantyhose-clad legs and so that, if the wind blew right, a lucky gentleman could get a peek at what lay beneath. Today, that was a small pair of red cotton panties.

They sat snuggly around her cheeks—those same cheeks that were now clenched tightly. Her face was framed by brown hair that fell gracefully to her shoulders. She had dimples that appeared on the rare occasion that she smiled. No, Kaley was not an unattractive young woman. She had enough of male attention. But she rarely thought that anyone of either sex was particularly attractive. And more importantly, she didn't feel like a sexual being. Kaley rarely felt aroused, or sexy.

Kaley felt something stir in her crotch. She had to pee, for sure. But there was something else.

The train pulled in to the station. Come to think of it, she hadn't even seen a conductor. Consequently, she hadn't paid anything. That brought a smile to her lips. Kaley didn't smile much. As she stood up, that smile was replaced by a look equally surprised and concerned. Standing up, all the liquid in her bladder became a lot heavier. She'd underestimated her need, and it had come back to bite her. Climbing down to the platform, she had to clench with all her might.

Kaley stood impatiently on the escalator, stuck behind a couple with a young child. Her slender legs were gaining tone; her ass was clenched; the muscles around her peehole were strained. And she felt a strange warmth spread from her belly down to her pussy. Kaley's cheeks flushed, and she smiled. She was actually enjoying this. She remembered—a long time ago. It had been so long, but her by now rather desperate need for a bathroom was bringing back feelings she thought she'd forgotten. That was the reason she went to see Jacob in the first place: to get her feelings back. And right now, she felt emotions swell and swirl all around in her belly. On shaky legs, Kaley made her way to a machine and retrieved her boarding pass. Then she was faced with a dilemma: on the one hand, there was a restroom fifteen yards from where she was standing. On the other, the line for the security check was enourmous. She checked her cell: 4:41 PM. Kaley didn't have a lot of time, so she joined the queue.

In her state of desperation, she became hyperaware of her own movements. She tried to keep it subtle. It was almost like a game: don't give in, don't show off your need, pretend you don't have to go at all. A game, because she could certainly make it through security, and right on the other side, she knew, there was a row of restrooms. Kaley was usually reserved, unwilling to call attention to herself, but today, she found herself enjoying her state, and not really caring who knew. But hiding that need was more fun. Fun. There was another word, like feelings, that had drifted out of her vocabulary.

As she stood there all tense, a tapping foot the only outward sign of her need to pee, she also became hyperaware of everyone else's gestures and posture. Maybe you've noticed that when you have to pee, it becomes so much easier to project that need onto others. A couple spots in front of her in the line, Kaley noticed a teenage girl in tight jeans and a short jacket, bent over, seemingly to check on her luggage. But the girl didn't get up as the queue moved forward, so the man in front of Kaley bumped into her and finally maneuvred himself past. Certainly a faux pas, to jump the line.

As Kaley passed the girl, she noticed the girl's hands were buried in her crotch. Her face seemed strained. Kaley didn't know for sure that this girl needed to pee, but it sure looked that way. The prospect seemed exciting. 'Are you all right?' Kaley asked the girl. The girl looked up, blushing, but didn't say anything. Kaley offered her a hand. 'Queue's moving fast, might want to get up,' she offered. The girl reluctantly let go of her crotch and took her hand, her face turning a deeper shade of purple. 'Thanks,' she said meekly. Kaley snuck a glance at her crotch. Dry. The girl might be about fifteen. She reminded Kaley of herself at that age.

Kaley had never felt much like a sexual being. As her girlfriends started whispering about boys and masturbation, she fell silent. Then she discovered something odd. One day, she was in a rush and had to forgo her morning pee. By second period, she really needed to pee. But she also felt a curious warmth in her nether regions, her heart beating faster, a flushing of the cheeks. She kept holding until lunch, and then she finally gave in and headed to the bathroom. When she saw the porcelain seat, the excitement and tension of being so near relief almost had her going in her pants. As she lowered her panties and peed, a powerful feeling took hold of her and shook her in her seat, leaving her dazed, feeling like a million bucks. That, Kaley guessed, must have been her first—and still one of only a handful—real orgasm she had. Full body shaking with pleasure.

After that experience, she started holding her pee habitually. She was often in a desperate state by the time she got home from school, and her after-school pee was the scene of her first play-sessions with herself. But there was something faintly shameful, she felt, about all this. She didn't feel aroused by boys, and not by girls either. The only time she got that hot, heart-thumping feeling was when she was holding her pee. Kaley didn't feel like she could tell her friends about her discovery, and so she kept quiet when the subject of boys, or masturbation, or arousal came up. She held her secret like she held her pee, but unlike her pee, she'd never released it.

Kaley had started going to bed with an uncomfortable bladder, knowing that she'd wake up desperate in the morning, and then she could start the day with a little play-session. Those were the best days, when she could envelop herself in pleasure before she even met anyone. On those days, and only those days, Kaley found herself the center of attention. Her circle of friends naturally left her in the spotlight, and she noticed guys checking her out.

She dressed sexy, something most of her friends seemed to take for granted. It was beautiful. Waking up full, shaking, swinging her feet over the side of the bed and almost peeing right there in the bedding. Reaching down between her legs to hold and almost coming just then. Running for the toilet, absolutely bursting. If someone was in the bathroom, she'd have to calculate if she could wait another five minutes, or if she had to hobble to the downstairs bathroom. By the time she was in the bathroom, her panties were damp with excitement. And then she'd release it, and hopefully her arousal would gain some release as well.

Kaley was fifteen, and it was a Saturday night. She felt like being naughty, like getting real desperate and then exploding all over the toilet bowl. So she drank soda until she got chills and almost felt a little coming up in her mouth again. Soon enough, she felt a distinct need to pee, but she wasn't properly desperate. It was also a boring Saturday night, with no plans, so she figured she'd complete her fetishistic little ritual the next morning. Kaley went to bed, tossed and turned, and fell asleep. There was no school the next morning, so she didn't set her alarm. Her parents hadn't decided on one of their 'family days,' on which they tried to make up for their disconnect with their children by planning a cloying set of 'family activities,' so they weren't around to wake her.

Kaley slept in. She woke around 10:30 in the morning, on her stomach. Something was wrong. Her nightshirt felt warm, and she quickly located the source between her legs, as her panties were dripping wet with pee. It was still warm, so she must have woken just too late. A matter of mere minutes between her making it and her wetting the bed like a toddler. That was how close she'd come, but she'd landed on the wrong side. Kaley was laying in a warm puddle, her ass wet, her pussy wet, her stomach and shirt wet, and still she needed to pee. She was fifteen and she'd pissed the bed. This wasn't fun. This wasn't exciting. This was embarrassing. Kaley felt terrible. She felt ashamed. When she brought her wet sheets down to sneak them in the washer, she met her father, and there was no doubt about what she'd done. 'Kaley, that's terrible,' was all he said.

And since then, since that accident at fifteen, for the last nine years, Kaley had denied herself any pleasure from holding. If she happened to go without a bathroom for a while, she enjoyed the pros of a strong bladder, but only so that she could hold on for the first available place for her to relieve herself. Seeing the girl in the security queue, feeling her own pee bearing down on her sphincter, Kaley was reminded of those teenage feelings. She decided she wasn't going to give in just yet.

By the time she got to the head of the queue, it was 5:03 PM. Standing still had now become an impossibility. Much as she tried to hide it, Kaley really needed to pee. She couldn't hold on just standing still, so she began subtly shifting in place. Her hands were balled up in fists by her sides, dying to grasp between her legs. Gingerly, she placed her bag on the conveyor belt. Sweat beaded her brow. She must look like she was trying to smuggle a ton of heroin as she walked past the metal detector. 'Is there something wrong, miss?' Asked a young, female security officer.

Kaley couldn't stand still. She couldn't think straight. 'Miss, please step aside,' the officer said. She made Kaley spread her legs and hands, and then proceeded to pat her down. As she brushed over Kaley's distended abdomen, Kaley felt her entire bladder fall down onto her peehole, and she had to strain every muscle in her body to hold on. The pressure was too much. She slipped up for a moment, and a few drops leaked into her panties. Kaley blushed. She couldn't remember the last time her panties had been wet. She felt a drop soak into the cotton, she felt the cotton struggle to absorb it, and then she heard a soft patter as a few drops hit the floor.

The security officer seemed to have caught on to what was really going on. Kaley wasn't smuggling heroin, she was smuggling a bladder on the verge of overflowing. 'Sorry, miss,' the officer said. 'I'm sure you'll find a way to get comfortable before your flight,' and she indicated the restrooms just ahead.

Kaley nodded stiffly. She was embarrassed, but the embarrassment was overpowered by her arousal. Stress is a fine line: it's a form of physical arousal. The body produces cortisol, the stress hormone, and it releases noradrenaline, the neural signal that wakes your body up, speeds up your heart, and generally tells your body something big is about to go down. But this is much the same as sexual arousal.

When you're feeling naughty, your body is aroused much the same way as when you're afraid, and this time, Kaley's desperation, her embarrassment, her pounding heart were all telling her one thing: god fucking damn it, I'm so horny. Kaley retrieved her bag and gave the restroom doors a long, hard look. The time was 5:07 PM. Her plane was leaving at 5:30. It would be boarding soon, but it was a short walk to the gate. She could pop into the bathroom real quick and relieve herself. And she really should, seeing as she'd already leaked. But not today. Kaley strode on confident, if tense legs to the gate.

The plane started boarding as she reached the gate. She had to cross her legs as she handed her boarding pass to the clerk, but she made it onto the plane dry. Well, aside from the few drops she'd lost earlier. Her seat was in the middle of the plane, right behind an emergency exit. Incidentally placed such that the distance to the two lavatories was equal, and equally long. She had a window seat, as well, and when she'd placed her bag in the overhead compartment and taken her seat, a middle-aged, overweight man took the seat beside her. The extra dough around his belly spilled over the armrest, and Kaley had to squeeze into the window to avoid his bulk. 'Hmph,' said the man.

Kaley had no idea what he was hmphing at. She had her own concerns. Sitting down severely limited her options for holding it, especially if she wanted to avoid calling attention to herself. Truth be told, she wouldn't mind some attention right now. If there was one thing Kaley lacked in her life, it was positive attention. She got some attention from men on occasion, but she quickly brushed them off, and her interactions with coworkers and old high school friends were usually cursory. But she couldn't risk getting the attention of a flight attendant, because she didn't know how she could refuse the toilet if it was blindingly obvious that she was in desperate need of it.

The plane finished boarding, and the safety demonstration was held. She didn't pay attention. Kaley crossed her legs tightly, knitted her hands together in her lap, and started straight ahead. All her muscles were tense. She barely caught the captain announcing an expected flight time of one hour twenty minutes. Kaley didn't know if she could last twenty minutes. During takeoff, she was pushed back in her seat and the seatbelt dug into her bladder so hard she simply had to grab herself. The fat man beside her hmphed at her, but said nothing that could be construed as language. She felt a warmth down there, and she pushed back. She hadn't leaked, she thought, but her panties were sticky with arousal already. She longed to touch herself.

Then they were in the air, and for a moment, the pressure let up, fell into the background. That left her with some spare thought capacity. She thought back on that fateful Sunday morning nine years ago. She'd woken up wet, and once she understood what had happened, she became terribly ashamed. Maybe that accident was the germ of her depression. Kaley decided to repress herself as a sexual being completely. She'd found something that aroused her, something that was more exciting than handsome hunks or beautiful chicks, and all it had done was leave her in shame. Kaley wasn't even religious, yet she felt as if she'd committed some terrible sin, and losing the joy in her life seemed an appropriate punishment. Sure, there were other factors. Kaley had always been a quiet, reserved type, and though she had friends, she hardly felt like she could confide in them.

Her parents, though they clothed and fed her and kept her under a roof at night—in a bed that had recently been warm and wet, a memory Kaley relieved every night, often getting up to squeeze out a few drops of pee five, six, even seven times before she fell asleep—they didn't really seem to care about her life, her aspirations, or her feelings. Every once in a while they would seem to wake up and decide they were all going to be a real family, one with loving relations, a family that does things together because they love each others' company, but those occasions were rare and served only to underscore how little they cared the rest of the time.

They had careers, they had hobbies and friends, and they had their 'couple time' when they'd go on vacation and unload Kaley to some aunt or family friend's care. Kaley slipped into a long, dark hole, and when she emerged, the world had become gray. The color yellow seemed to have become more subdued, almost nonexistent. Autumn leaves were boring, dead plant matter. Only one thing retained its full yellowness: pee. And pee was shameful.

Kaley's bladder contracted. She fought back. It contracted again, and this time, a little bit leaked out. Kaley felt her panties stick to her sex, and the seat of her panties was getting damp. She clamped her hands in her lap, and was grateful to see the fat man had fallen asleep. That gave her a little more room. But when another drop escaped, she became concerned about her skirt, so she discretely lifted it in the back, leaning back in her seat so as not to expose her damp panties to the seats opposite her. Just as another wave of pressure hit her, a flight attendant appeared with her little trolley of refreshments, and Kaley had to straighten up.

Her cheeks were already flushed, from excitement and embarrassment, twin emotions, but there was nothing she could do about that. As she sat up straight, her skirt fell back. The motion also put enough pressure on her bladder that, as she removed her hands from her lap in order to appear presentable to the flight attendant, she lost it for a moment. This time it wasn't just a few drops. Kaley felt a warmth spread around her butt, and she must have peed a good three seconds. She hoped nothing showed on her skirt.

'Can I get you anything, miss?' The flight attendant was young, pretty, and cheerful. The same kind of person as Anne the receptionist. 'Perhaps some coffee? Compliments of the airline, of course.' She put out a cup of hot liquid for Kaley to take before she could say no, so she had to take it. The cup was scalding hot. The shock was enough to send a second of pee into her panties before she could put the cup away on the folding tray in front of her. It seemed she could do nothing that wouldn't make her leak. But there couldn't be more than half an hour left of the flight, either.

The prospect of holding on until landing excited her. She had two choices right now: either she could wake up the fat man, ask him to move out of the way, and hobble desperately to one of the lavatories, exposing her plight to the whole plane. Or she could try to hold on. But right now, the latter option, while tempting, seemed almost impossible. Kaley looked down on her skirt. She could feel wetness on the underside, but nothing had soaked through so it was visible on the front yet. When was the last time she'd been this desperate? Never.

At the same time, she couldn't remember the last time she'd felt this many emotions at once. The last time she felt anything, really felt it, other than a vague sense of unease and an equally vague shame. She must hold on.

'This is your captain speaking,' said the intercom. 'Just wanted to let you know we might have some turbulence coming up. Don't worry, it's nothing bad.' Bzzt. Turbulence was the last thing Kaley needed. She held on bravely for a minute, and felt absurdly proud of herself for not leaking any more. A twenty-four-year-old woman, smiling and practically glowing with pride because she managed to go a minute without peeing on herself. She almost had to laugh at the thought.

Then the turbulence hit. She was lifted into the air, seat belt digging into her bladder, and then she was roughly slammed down. Upon impact, she began peeing, and couldn't stop for five whole seconds. Kaley felt no relief, but she did feel very wet in her panties. Some pee had soaked into the seat, and her panties were now struggling to contain the pee. Her thin pantyhose was no use, it might as well not be there. When Kaley looked down, she saw that a small wet spot had developed on the front of her skirt, and she guessed that a larger one must be accenting her ass.

'We are now starting our descent, and should be on the ground in about twelve minutes. The seatbelt sign has now been switched on, and we ask that you remain in your seats and ensure that all electronic devices are turned off,' said the intercom. Kaley now had her hands permanently buried in her crotch, and she was shifting her weight around constantly. Now she was trapped in her seat for real. There was no way she was getting out of this dry and clean. Kaley realized with a blush that she was about to have a full-blown accident. It was only a matter of time. She couldn't remember the last time she had an accident. She'd wet the bed at fifteen, but not once in her many pee holds had she lost it, and she had never had any true accidents as far as she could remember either. The thought terrified her, but the excitement of trying to hold on was too strong. Kaley had to admit, she was enjoying this.

She was now leaking with regularity. She'd once again pulled up her skirt as much as she could without being indecent, but there was no hope for her panties, and there would be a tell-tale spot on the seat when she got up. The wet spot on the front of her skirt had now grown to the size of about two or three thumbs put together, and Kaley started to doubt even the remote hope that somehow she'd be able to cover up her accident from the other passengers. Once she got up, it was all over. Her cover would be blown. Her face was crimson, her chest thumping, and her pussy was aching. Kaley's bladder seemed like an afterthought.

As the minutes passed, and her butt got progressively wetter, Kaley started to wonder if she could even get up without losing it completely. Which would be worse: losing it in her seat, and then having to show off the evidence afterwards, or losing it in plain view of the whole plane? The former seemed preferrable. Should she just let go? She ached to let go, but at the same time, her enjoyment of the situation was tied to her fight to hold on. She didn't want to give in.

In he end, matters were decided for Kaley. As the plane hit the ground, the force of impact was enough for Kaley to lose control. She frantically pushed at her pee hole through her skirt, which only served to wet the skirt further. All muscle control had left her, and she could only sit there helplessly peeing. The plane taxied to the gate, and her fat seatmate had woken up to see a grown woman wetting herself in the seat beside him. Kaley felt the warmth envelop her, and she felt something grow in her belly, a different kind of warmth, which spread from there, down to her pussy, and from there sent branches of pleasure coursing through her entire body.

She was orgasming and having an accident, on a motherfucking plane, with a fat man watching her in disbelief. Kaley had closed her eyes, but she opened them now and stared straight into the eyes of the fat man. He was all but bald, she noted. Probably envied her beautiful, long hair. The feeling of being watched intensified her pleasure, and a little moan escaped her. She was still peeing, and now the seat had had enough, and was sending pee cascading over the edge and down her legs.

A soft pitter-patter of pee could barely be heard over the roar of the plane. Kaley closed her eyes and then opened them again, the ecstasy dying down, and her sinking into post-orgasmic bliss. Her stream was finally abating, and she continued holding the gaze of the fat man until he looked away. 'Hmph,' he said. 'For shame.' And then he said nothing more. Kaley sat panting and sweating. She looked down at her skirt: the entire front was drenched, as was no doubt the back. She couldn't escape this. So she had to own it.

The fat man got up quickly once the seat-belt sign was switched off and retrieved his luggage. He was off so fast you'd have thought Kaley was a troll. But she wasn't: she was a beautiful young woman in a soaking wet skirt and dark red, dripping panties. Kaley decided there was no reason to cover up anything that wasn't indecent, and besides, she was already wearing indecent all over her waist, so she unbuttoned her blouse further, showing off her cleavage.

She got up slowly, then bent over as if she were picking something up from her seat, giving the seats opposite her a good view of her wet ass. Then she grabbed the arm of a young man in front of her and asked him if he'd be so kind as to help her get her luggage from the overhead compartment. The man stared from her face—now there were dimples visible—down to her cleavage, and then was transfixed by the wet patch that spread from Kaley's crotch down to the hem of her skirt and beyond. But he did as she asked. Kaley could feel, and hear, drops of pee fall from her skirt down onto her legs. A little rivulet snaked its way along her inner thigh, seeking her shoe.

Kaley got stares all around, but she had found something in herself that had been missing, and carried herself with as much confidence and grace as one can muster while walking around in clothes obviously drenched in pee. 'I'm terribly sorry,' Kaley said to the stewardess at the front of the plane—who was trying, and failing, to politely avert her eyes from Kaley's disaster—'but I'm afraid I had a little accident in my seat.' She smiled to the flight attendant and walked off the plane. She wasn't sorry at all. She was terribly excited.

Kaley turned her phone on and called Jacob's office to cancel her next appointment. Then she did something she'd never done: instead of just leaving the airport, she walked over, still in her dripping wet skirt, and sat down at an airport bar. She took a seat beside a handsome young man in a banker's business suit and ordered a martini. 'Excuse me,' said the man. 'I couldn't help but notice your, uh...'

'My what?' She put on a coy smile and took a sip of her drink. 'My cleavage, or the fact that I just pissed myself?' Her clothes were now cooling down, and so were her feelings. But she was intoxicated with the potential for more feeling, and she wanted to push it as far as it could go. She added: 'I imagine you quite enjoyed the sight of both.'

The young banker smiled.

*007*2014-10-22 03:11

I had intended it to be a one-off, but if you want more, you'll get more. Speak up! (Clicking "like" is also speaking up, not that I'm begging.)
