Slender man

Author: lightman

*000*2013-11-21 06:02

I have been trying for a long time to think of a good thing to type. this is just one of the stories i hope to come up with. and sorry if their are any spelling mistakes, i typed this all on a kindle and have tryed to proof read this a few times. also for the joke about cell its part of DBZ . i hope you like this

Tommy POV:

"And as he turned, ever so slowly, he seen the...BOO!" Alex yelled, making both Sara and I jump.

"Come on, you get all that suspense, yet you end it with a boo?" Asked Sara disappointed.

"True but I still scared you" Alex said as he grabbed his flash light and walked over to the cooler.

"When are mom and dad coming back?" I asked as I moved my seat closer to the campfire.

"I don't know, they went for pizza about an hour ago so they should be back soon" Sara said as Alex sat back down with a soda in his hand.

"Awe, did I scare little Tommy so much he needs his mommy" Alex joked.

"Shut up Alex, at least I don't cry when I see clowns." I shot back.

"Hay! I don't cry...they just creep me out." He said as he took a sip of his soda.

Sara burst out laughing "your afraid of clowns!?"

"Shut up fire crotch, or I'll tell cell he missed one from Ginger town" Alex said getting mad know.

"Awe, what a smart blond, two ginger jokes at one time, good for you" Sara said in a voice that sounded like she was talking to a 4 year old.

Alex got up and grabbed the flash light and went for the tree line very pissed off.

"Were you going?" I asked.

"To take a piss,want to come." he shouted and disappeared into the dark woods.

It's been a long 3 days camping with my family. My mom and dad went to town to get pizza for are last night hear since we only have eggs. Alex is my older brother, he is 18, 6'3, blond, and was a football player for 2 years in high school.

Sara is my childhood friend. Her mother died 3 years ago and her father was in bad shape since. We took her in when her father got arrested for doing something stupid while drunk. She is 17 and like a sister to me and Alex. At 5'3 she is the shortest of my family and is cute with a child like body.

I'm Tommy and I'm also 17 and 5'10. Other then that I'm not much to talk about, we'll most people at school don't know me.

Sara POV:

Tommy and I were laughing are asses off from some of the stores about Alex.

"He was glad we moved soon after. That girl was so pissed at him" Tommy told me.

"I can't believe he peed in a girl's back pack!" I laughed holding my side's and nearly falling back in my chair.

"Ya the 5th grad just wasn't his year." Tommy said and looked at the tree line. "It's been 20 minutes, were is he?"

I didn't realize it because I was laughing but he was right. Alex should have been back by know. I took out my cell phone and tried to call him but I just got static.

"Come on, let's go find that Dumbass." Tommy said as he pulled out 2 flash light's and his pocket knife from the tent.

Tommy POV:

"Alex! Alex!" I yelled.

"Alex, where are you!" Sara called with no luck.

We've been looking for the last 15 minutes but we still haven't seen him.

"He's probably just trying to scare us." I say after Sara yelled again.

"Probably right, I'm going to call again." Sara said as she pulled out her cellphone from her pocket.

"I swear if he jumps out at us I'm stabbing him" I say as I flick my blade out.

"All I'm getting is static." Sara said as she put her phone back. "What's that?" She asked.

I looked at we're she was pointing at with her flashlight and about 3 trees ahead was a piece of paper? When we got over to it we seen that it was a picture of trees with a stick figure and a 1/8.

"Do you think Alex did this?" I asked.

"I don't know." Sara said as she pulled the paper off the tree and looked at the back. "Well if it is his this is one stupid scare." Sara put the paper in her jacket pocket. "Let's go."

Sara POV:

OK I'm getting annoyed. We're walking in the dark woods were I've nearly fell down twice, I have this weird ringing in my ears, and I need to pee.

"Alex! When I find you I'm kicking your ass!" I yelled making Tommy jump.

"Hay are you ok?" Tommy asked.

I sighed. "Not really, Alex is getting to me a bit and I kind of need to pee."

"Well we are in the woods, I'll wait over their while you go behind that tree."

Normally I would hit him for saying that but on a scale of 1-10 I'm a 7 on despite.

"Don't look, or I'll use that knife to castrate you" I tell him as I walked behind the tree knowing he's probably holding his thing know. I took off my shoes and pants not wanting to get them dirty and pleased them on a branch. I pulled down my yellow panties and squatted down ready to release my full bladder when I looked up and seen, IT!

Tommy POV:

I jumped when I heard Sara screaming. I turned just in time to see her running from behind the tree and into the woods.

"Shit, Sara! Wait!" I yelled as I started running after her. I was glad I'm faster then her as I caught up with her and grabbed her arm, and I was then greeted with a punch in the face.

"Tommy! I-I'm so sorry." Sara said as she crouched down to try to see if I was bleeding.

I sat up and grabbed my check that heart like hell. "I'm fine, I'm fine." I tell her as I look at her then quickly turned away. "c-cover up." I say as I felt my other cheek get hot and heard her make a wired noise when she she noticed her underwear was still down.

"What happened." I asked when I gave her my jacket to cover up.

"I-I seen someone, someone was watching me."

"Alex?"

"No I-I didn't get a good look but he was bald. H-he just scared me a lot."

"Ok I think it's time to go back to camp." I said as Sara helped me up.

"Y-ya, um... we're is camp?" She asked.

I looked around and realized we were off the trail and after being punched I have no idea were we are. The only thing we seen was another paper. 2/8 can't run!

Sara POV:

Ok, know I'm scared. Shortly after finding the second piece of paper we found another. 3/8 no eyes!

I don't know why I'm carrying them but I'm starting to regret it. One good thing about this is I don't have to pee as bad right know.

Thankfully the trees are parting and we could see a clearing. The light of the moon made it easier to see and we came out of the trees. About 20 feet away was a cliff and a broken down car.

"I know this please" Tommy said as he walked over to the car. " the high way is up their and that car is from a crash 2 years ago"

I remember Tommy saying something about it on the way hear but forgot why they didn't get the car out. The closer we got the more trashed it looked. I got curious and wanted to see the inside. I walked over to the drivers window and seen another note. 4/8 tall man. After I moved the note I could see through the glass and I screened as I fell down on my ass. Their standing near the trees was the man again.

"Are you ok?!" Tommy asked as he rushed over to me.

"O-over t-their." I stammered as he pulled out his knife and looked around.

"Theirs no one" he said as he looked back at me.

Tommy POV:

Sara is starting to creep me out. That's the second time I've heard her scream and haven't seen what she was screaming about. But their are a lot of trees around so he might be hiding.

"Come on, will follow the cliff until we find a way up to get up on the highway." I tell her as I help her up. She didn't say anything but nods. I grip the knife beater and we continue to follow the cliff. I don't know we're it will go but anywhere is better then hear.

Sara POV:

Can't run, tall man, no eyes, the trees. Their warnings, but from what? My desperation to pee is now coming back and I want to pee so bad but can't, not with that....THING being out their. As we walked I slipped my hand under Tommy 's jacket and hold myself to try and release some pressure from my aching bladder.

"Hay over their." Tommy said as he seen a small section in the cliff that could allow us to climb up to the highway.

"Ok I'll help you up first and climb up right after you." Tommy said looking back at me and seeing me holding myself.

"N-no, what if that thing is up their" I asked as I realized I was still holding myself and let go.

"That's the safest place to go. And if he still hear I can take him on." It might be that I'm to desperate to argue but I did as he said. When we got closer I seen another note. 5/8 no, no,no. I took it and put it with the others not really knowing why. I did a quick look around to see if he was around and then tired to climb up. From time to time I had to stop because some pee would escape from my bladder and into my underwear. I could feel the wet spot growing and I just hoped none dripped onto Tommy. Tommy finally had to push me up the last of the way before he could start to climb.

When I was up I shoved both hands down and grabbed myself. All I can think about is the relief I could get if I just let go, And why not let go, no one can see me. I try to get up so I can take off this jacket and not get it wet. Buts that's when I see the note, and just a few feet away from me. As if in a trans I walk over to it. 6/8 always watching. I felt a deep cold shiver run down my spine and I again throw my hands over myself as pee stated to escape. When I got control again I grabbed the note and shoved it in my jacket as I heard. Tommy start to climb up. I hobbled over to him and gave him my hand to help him up.

"Your hand is wet, did you....?" Tommy started to ask.

"N-no, it's just sweat" I lied. I didn't want him knowing that, But I think he could tell I was lying since my other hand was still holding my crotch.

"Ready to go?" He asked and I nodes.

I did a quick look back down the cliff we came up and my heart nearly stopped. Standing just at the edge of the cliff was a tall man in a black suite, and had no face.

Tommy POV:

Sara just ran. Well with both her hands on her crotch it was like a weird jog. Did she see him again? We're is he! I looked back down and distinct see anything. When I looked up Sara was getting far and I took off after her. As soon as I see this fucker I'm fucking him up for scaring Sara like this.

Sara POV:

Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!!! Someone, anyone, please help me! That thing is going to kill me! I thought as I ran. A strong pain hit me hand I had to stop and bend over to try to keep it all in. I heard Tommy come close to me and he started to rub my bent back trying to soothe my pain.

"Just lit go. It's alright." He said knowing I was about to burst anyway. If I wasn't so fucking scared I would have hit him for saying that, but I was in so much pain that if I didn't let go it will still come out soon weather I like it or not.

I stopped fighting and just let go. I felt the warm liquid fill my underwear and run through my fingers. The pee was coming out at full force soaking everything as it agent down my legs and filled my boots. A puddle began to form and was growing fast. Tears soon came out of my eyes, both from the shame of wetting myself like a little girl in front of Tommy and from the bliss I got from how good it felt to let go and feel the warmth spread over me. after about a minute my pee slowed down and soon stopped. The puddle was know all around me and Tommy was stepping in it. Know I was crying a harder just from the shame of peeing myself. He pulled my close and gave me a hug, saying that it was ok he was their for me.

After about another minute Tommy noticed something. "Is that a stop sign? "

I turned my head and seen the stop sign, the same stop sign that meant we were only two miles away from town, but I also seen the note, and If I had any more pee in my I would be wetting myself again. As the ringing in my ears got louder, and louder I read the note. 7/8 HELP ME!

Monday news.

A family of 4 was camping this weekend along with a family friend. 17 year old Tommy Webster was taken into custody for the disappearance of 4 people after he was found covered in blood and had 7 pieces of paper in his hand.

Investigators found the family car of Tommy Webster's parents. It was parked just outside the camp groupings with both doors open. 18 year old Alex Webster's cell phone was found 30 feet from the camp grounds and 17 year old family friend Sara Robert's pants were hanging from a tree branch half a mile way.

When questioned about what happened all he said was "he killed her, that slender man killed her." He was then taken away before we could ask any more.

Tuesday news.

Tommy Webster disappeared from his cell last night. Video cameras had went fuzzy but it picked up Tommy's screams for help. After 10 seconds the cameras are fixed and the screaming is gone. In the cell their is only a piece of paper. 8/8 Don't touch the first note.

*002*2013-11-22 04:01

{{:

I'm surprised that there wasn't already a Slender Man Omo story already (if there has been one written, I've certainly never seen it). I thought the story was pretty good, though I would have liked it if the desperation had been described in more detail.

}}

I was also supposed there wasn't one, and thank you. ill see what i can do to make it better.

