My second post

Author: Pinkglitter16

*000*2013-06-06 04:47

HEYO! This is my second post about a girl named Miki. She is wearing an anime school uniform like in Shugo Chara which is a red plaid miniskirt, a white shirt, a black jacket, and a red plaid tie. This is an all girls school so there are no boys.

Key: "Blah"= Dialogue

Blah= internal thoughts.

Enjoy. This is in Miki's point of view.

I raced down the street not bothering looking at anything as I whooshed by. I was SO late again! I had to pee too but that could wait. I made it to the school just as the first bell rung. I skidded through the halls and plunked myself at my desk just as the second bell rung.

"Hey why where you almost late?" my best friend, Ran, asked.

"Didn't hear my alarm go off."

"Miki Hinomori?"

"Here!"

"We'll your not late though."

"Yeah, I would have gotten detention for a week!" I clasped my thighs together because i have to pee real bad.

Ms. Hitoi started some lesson about cells and DNA and stuff but I wasn't listening. I had to worry about my bladder. It felt fuller now.

I cannot pee myself.Sure this is an all girls school, but still!

Ms. Hitoi started passing out stuff onto the desk's. Oh no is she? She is. She is having a test.

I sigh as she puts a paper on my desk. I look over it. Front and back, all multiple choice, 10 on each side. I'll easily ace this one.

I start my test and answer the first 3 then put my pencil down. My bladder throbbed wanting to be released. I answer the next five before stopping again. My bladder still throbbed. I placed my left hand on my crotch, holding it so no pee could escape. I answered 6 more then crossed my legs. I looked over and saw only 6 more questions to go. I answered them all then looked at the clock 5 more minutes of class then the next period. i could wait that long. I uncrossed my legs and let go of my crotch and handed my test in.

As soon as I sat down at my seat again I crossed my legs and held my crotch again. My bladder felt like a water balloon about to burst any second. I uncrossed my legs but held my crotch with both my hands now.

Come on, COME ON! I urged at the clock. Only 2 minutes left. A drip of pee fell on my cotton panties. I had extra in my bag but still! I held tighter and looked at the clock again. Come on! Only a minute left. A squirt of pee escaped, went through my panties and landed on the floor. Nobody noticed.

At last the bell rang and I took my bag and rushed to the Girl's Room. When I got there my heart sank. All the stall's were taken. A placed my bag on the floor and held my crotch as I leaned against the wall. My bladder throbbed wildly waiting to release the dam of pee.

A squirt of pee hit the floor again this time a bigger squirt. I sat down bye my bag and held my crotch some more. I squatted hoping it would relieve some pain but it didn't. I let go of my crotch but that was a bad idea. My dam of pee burst. A small trickle of pee came and soaked my white panties soaking them yellow. My trickle hit the floor and a tiny puddle appeared. The trickle became a stream of pee. The pee started running down my thighs and dripping onto the floor. The warm urine kept flowing until my legs and panties were covered in pee and I had puddle of urine surrounding me.

I pushed my blue hair out of my eyes as I looked at the mess I have made. A stall was open so I went in and took my panties off threw them away and put new ones on and cleaned the pee off my legs. I walked out the bathroom door and looked back at the puddle I made. Then I went off the second period.

So whaddaya think? better than my last one right? Miki has blue hair and blue eyes. Ran has pink hair and pink eyes. Please comment. Nothing nasty please.

