Desperate Sexy Cousin

Author: Brenman

*019*2021-11-16 21:01

PART 4

“Well are you getting up now? I’d really like it if we could begin the day already.” Shirley then saw and picked up her flannel shirt from the tent floor corner.

“Where’s Mark and the others?” I asked, seeing that Mark was already out of bed.

“Hey Alex! Coffee?!” I heard Mark yell from outside.

Shirley and I emerged from the tent to find that Mark was brewing coffee, cowboy style, over the fire pit, a few logs already well into burning. Mark poured me and Shirley a cup, handing one over to each of us. Shirley reluctantly took her coffee.

“Last night was crazy.” Mark said with a jolly tone. “But I’m glad we came out here and that the three of us stuck through it and fought the good fight through the night. Congrats to us.” Mark said as he held out his coffee mug for a cheers. We clinked our mugs together with his and each of us took a sip of coffee, probably just the last thing Shirley needed right now. She was perched at the edge of the log where she sat, her legs subtly, but relentlessly fanning in and out ever so slightly as she sat. We all sat there for a few minutes sipping our coffee. Shirley’s legs never stopped moving, and I noticed that her toes kept curling tightly, then relaxing, curling then relaxing, over and over again.

“Coffee’s good after a night of drinking like that.” Mark said after taking a big gulp from his mug. “It’s good for our livers, and it washes out all the toxins from the alcohol when it promotes urination, and makes us pee so much-“

At this, Shirley bolted up quickly from her seat, standing and pacing, almost prancing like a horse as she was lifting her legs so high, as she pee-danced subtly in front of us on the other side of the fire pit.

“Can we please go back to the house?” she asked breathlessly, blushing a bright pink, looking back and forth from Mark to myself. Mark look slightly confused.

“Yeah, I guess I’m ready to go? Are you guys?” he asked Shirley and I. Without waiting any time at all, Shirley replied,

“Yes I am, let’s please go. I wanna get a dry shirt.” she said, holding up her wet flannel.

“Here” I said, standing up, walking over to Shirley, taking the shirt from her hand. I proceeded to twist it up extremely tightly in my hands and ring out all of the water, an immense amount of water pouring out of the fabric, spilling down profusely to the ground next to Shirley’s feet, splashing her toes as she lifted one leg in the air, hearing the splatter sound, feeling the drops of water hit her beautiful toes, she clutched her pussy for a quick second, then let go. I looked over to Mark to see if he recognized or even noticed how badly Shirley needed to pee, but his nose and eyes were lost in his coffee mug as he tilted the vessel back and finished it’s contents, before exhaling and saying,

“Alright, I guess that’s it then, let’s go.” standing up from his chair.

Shirley looked me in the eyes but was too embarrassed to say anything about her need, especially right there in front of Mark. She reluctantly took her shirt from me and put it on. The still damp fabric clinging to her massive cleavage, bouncing as we walked back up the trail towards the lakeside clearing where the house was located. When we were nearing the house, I couldn't help but notice all of the neighbors getting an eyeful of Shirley, this buxom little daisy duke with her pornstar ass tightly encased in camo-leggings, even tighter than normal with the added pressure of her full bladder pushing out the waist line. As long as we kept moving, Shirley was able to keep her pee dancing to a minimum, but she was an irresistibly sexy young woman nonetheless.

We finally got back to the house and Mark went into the kitchen to talk with the adults and the others as Shirley and I made our way down the hall to the living room where our clothes were stashed in our bags. I walked beside her, and at the end of the hall, she stops walking, turning to me outside the bathroom where my mother had desperately relieved herself upon arrival to the house yesterday. She smiled at me, curtsying slightly on the spot for a moment, saying,

“Okay, can I please pee now?” never thinking in a thousand years that I would actually look back at her, as I did, and say,

“No. You can’t. Permission denied. You wanna prove you can hold it like a man? Prove it then. There are truckers and tollbooth workers who’ve held their bladders way longer than you.” I said, pulling this “fact” completely out of my ass at that moment, just wanting to torment poor Shirley, and see how long she would actually adhere to my ridiculous “challenge” and abstain from relieving herself.

“But even they get to pee at some point.” Shirley said, now stepping from foot to foot, glancing longingly at the toilet just feet away… “I really need to use the bathroom, Alex. Please can I go?” she said, pleading with me. She didn’t sound too desperate yet, and I wanted to deny her her need a little longer. I just shook my head silently and tugged her hand away towards the living room where our bags were. She followed, taking one last yearning look at the glorious porcelain toilet, as though dying to sit down and let it go…

We entered the living room and she put on a T shirt, then pulled her bra out from underneath the shirt, turning round, saying,

“Sick of this thing.” as her beautiful tits jutted out freely against the thin cotton of her T shirt, her nipples hard and clearly visible as Shirley’s barbie-doll tits jiggled and swayed. She grabbed clean underwear and denim short shorts from her bag next. I was enormously aroused by her, especially as I hadn't jerked off that morning, a morning routine, and was loaded up with residual arousal from the sexy desperate girl circumstances of the night before. Shirley quickly made her way to the bathroom with her new panties and shorts, and I stopped the door from closing completely as she routinely pushed it to close it behind her.

“Ah ah ah” I said. “The door stays cracked. I’m not gonna watch you change but I am gonna listen just to be sure.”

“Sure? Sure of what?” Shirley said as she danced subtly from foot to foot. I looked right back into her eyes, holding the restroom door open.

“No peeing” I said. Shirley’s eyes furrowed in worry as she kept dancing. She sighed in frustration, saying,

“Alex, please, I waited all night. You said I could pee in the morning.” she said, her pee dancing continuing.

I shook my head in denial. “Nope. Not yet. Just a little while more.” I said. Shirley sighed in resignation, her facial expression one of confusion, reluctant acceptance and genuine discomfort. She stepped behind the still open door and pulled her leggings and panties down to her ankles, standing just beside the toilet, which she kept her gaze fixed on as she applied her new panties and daisy duke denim shorts, not even large enough to cover her full womanly ass. Shirley had such a gorgeous round ass, an ass like that of adult film performers Jada Stevens, or Kelsi Monroe. Once her shorts were up, she turned back to me, grabbing my hand, saying,

“Please, Alex. I’m already right here. Please just let me go pee already. I’m in the bathroom already.” she said firmly, pleadingly, looking me in the eyes.

“Hey guys! Come have breakfast!” we heard Aunt Linda yell from across the house in the kitchen. Shirley kept her gaze locked on mine, searching for sympathy. Instead, I just tugged my sexy cousin by the hand towards the kitchen…

Breakfast proceeded with all of us having eggs and bacon, biscuits and gravy, coffee and orange juice, southern style. The general mood was lively and congenial, and no one but me noticed poor Shirley suffering in silence, forking her eggs into her mouth as her crossed legs never stopped bouncing and shifting in her seat, clearly trying not to let herself pee and flood her little daisy dukes. What appeared to be great feast of food laid out on the table was devoured in several quick minutes, as there were after all, nine of us eating together. The adults had been discussing the state fair for past thirty minutes, though Shirley clearly had not caught wind of the idea, her entire focus being on her bladder as she looked up with surprise to find that it had basically been decided for her that they were all in fact to go out to the annual West Virginia state fair, happening nearby as they ate. Soon, we were all loaded up in the car together as we departed for the state fair.

Shirley sat just beside me, and kept blowing out subtle “oooh”s of breath between tightly pursed lips as her thighs never stopped bouncing in her seat, and her hand gripped the above door handle fiercely, not daring to hold herself in the car where anyone would notice. Her breaths were panicky and shaky, however, and I could tell she was doing all she could to drive down the volume of her exhalations as well as the voracity of her thigh bouncing, lest another passenger in the car become aware of her embarrassing plight. Sarha sat on Mark’s lap in the back, the only way all of us could fit, and I wondered if they could see Shirley’s subtle bouncing from behind. One precious moment, burned into my memory with searing clarity, was when we went over a HARD bump in the road, everyone in the car bouncing, and Shirley’s right hand gripped my left leg fiercely, as she sucked in air through tightly clenched teeth, and squeezed her thighs together as hard as she could.

She then let out a small cry and clutched her pussy through her shorts with rapid speed, before letting go and attempting to cross her big gorgeous legs. Because we were squeezed in so tightly however, this was difficult for her to do, and her seatbelt also wouldn’t budge as she struggled with real effort to pull against it with her thigh to cross her leg. She couldn’t cross her legs, and let out another “ughhh”, before sucking in air through clenched teeth again, shutting her eyes, her face wincing in pain as she finally managed with her hands to get her seatbelt loose enough to cross her gorgeous legs, at which point she hunched over and gripped her knees tightly with both hands, blowing out air between her lips as she stared intently out the front window of the car.

Even with her legs tightly crossed, Shirley couldn’t sit still in her seat, and quickly uncrossed her legs, bouncing them up and down next to each other, before again struggling to loosen up her seatbelt to cross her legs the other way, the whole time letting out frustrated sighs of resignation, of annoyance, of anger, and of pain. She didn’t dare look me in the eyes. She was deeply uncomfortable and no doubt embarrassed by the urgency of her bodily need. She shifted, fidgeted, and bounced her gorgeous, daisy duke-clad tanned legs for the entire twenty minute ride, letting out quiet, aggravated breaths, until finally, the car slowed to a crawl as we reached the great big outdoor field that was being used as a parking lot for the fair.

“Alright, here we are I guess” Ronnie said, looking out as he gripped the wheel. “Where to park? Where to park?”

“Just park anywhere.” Shirley said, attempting to sound friendly, and not at all desperate.

“Oh I’m sorry, young miss, do you want to drive?” Ronnie said with mock tone in his voice, looking around for a parking spot.

“Ughhh” Shirley grunted as she breathed, struggling again to cross her lovely long legs. Finally we parked, and Shirley immediately unbuckled her seatbelt and jumped out of the car, running in place just next to the car, as we all exited at a much more relaxed pace.

“Everything alright Shirley?” my Aunt Linda said to her daughter. “Did you drink too much coffee or something? You look like you could bounce off the walls right now. Not to mention you could have worn a bra, young lady.” Linda was right, Shirley’s big tits were bouncing under her T shirt with glorious, free flowing effect, her hard nipples pushing the out the thin tight cotton, casting stark shadows down her shirt, like sun dials in the harsh sunlight. “But seriously miss, too much coffee for you?”

The rest of us were slowly clambering out of the car, stretching our legs.

“My daughter’s an athlete, she’s energetic with or without coffee.” Ronnie said, stretching his legs.

“No, it’s not her energy I’m referring to. She looks like her bladders about to blast off. She needs to pee.” Linda said matter-of-factly, gesturing to her bouncing daughter.

“No I’m fine.” Shirley said, standing up straight, forcing herself to plaster a smile across her face and halt her desperate bouncing. Mark, Sarah, Maxine and my parents were looking all around the parking lot at the other fair goers emerging from the cars and ambling away towards the festivities.

“It’s fine if you have to pee, Shirley, I’m sure they’ll have restrooms, here.” Linda said, looking up and down her daughters tight, tensing legs.

“Seriously mom, I’m fine.” Shirley insisted adamantly, her cheeks blushing. She glanced at me quickly with a worried look that she soon covered with another fake smile, and I noticed her toes curling tightly again like earlier, blades of green grass being squeezed between them. Was Shirley gonna piss herself at the state fair? Was I going to make her do this? I still hadn't decided if I was going to be merciful or cruel in the end, and luckily for me, I didn’t have to decide yet as we just then all of us started walking towards the fair…

It was a hot day, and upon entering the fair, it was my dad who made a B line for one of the concession stands that was selling lemonade, apparently attached to a charity raising money to fight cancer. There was a little bit of a line, and as we had entered together, we all stood there together a few moments before Shirley saw the port-a-potties in the distance and gripped my hand tightly and looked me in the eyes mouthing a very quiet, but very desperate sounding,

“Please may I go to the bathroom now? Please?” her eyes were pleading as much as her words, subtly curtsying in front of me. “Please, look, the port-a-potty line is so long, please I need to go over there right now, Alex. I really need to pee. I really cant hold it much longer.” she said, not letting go of my hand with hers, the tightness of her grip indicating the fullness of her bladder and consequent agony. Still, she was making a huge, and successful effort to drive down her pee dancing and try to remain unnoticed, even in spite of her mother’s embarrassing comments several minutes earlier.

“Drink a full glass of lemonade and then I’ll let you stand in line at the port-a-potties.” I said to my cousin, firmly. She just turned back and looked at the concession stand with wide panicky eyes, as her feet started to subtly step from foot to foot, shifting her body weight constantly. Finally the family in front of us finished paying and stepped away, and the cashier, a young man about our age, stared at Shirley’s hard nipples showing brightly through her tight T shirt for a long moment before regaining his focus and paying attention to my father, busy trying to order a round of lemonades for all of us. We all took a glass, and Shirley’s eyebrows furrowed with real concern as she stared down at the liquid, uncertain if she could imbibe it all. Without giving herself a moment to rethink the decision, she downed the entire cup and discarded it into the wastebasket, before trotting quickly away towards the port-a-potty lines without even saying anything.

I quickly caught up with her. The line was quite long, as the fair had obviously underestimated the number of fair goers in attendance that year, or just hadn’t provided enough facilities due to a shortage, sheer incompetence, or some other reason. But the line was moving at a crawling pace, and the fair was writhing and seething with hoards of and hoards of West Virginians, families walking by all around us, while the line before us barely moved. A mother with a young boy and young girl stood behind us, and as Shirley kept bouncing up and down in place, her butt jiggling in her too-short-shorts, I noticed the young boys eyes transfixed by Shirley’s jiggling ass. The boy said,

“Mommy, why is she bouncing?” I turned round, to see a mother in a long dress shifting her weight from side to side as she frustratedly stood behind us in line.

“She probably needs to go to the bathroom like the rest of us.” the mother said, before sighing loudly in frustration, crossing her legs.

“But I don't need to go to the bathroom.” the little daughter said.

“Neither do I” said the son.

The mother retorted in an annoyed-sounding tone. “If you don’t go now, you're gonna have to go later, and these lines are ridiculous.” She sounded particularly annoyed on the word “ridiculous” and her gaze caught mine at this moment too, at which point she flashed me a friendly smile, continuing to cross her legs. She looked to be in her early thirties. She wore a long dress with black and white stripes that went all the way to her ankles, her sandal-clad feet.

“But I don't need to go at all, mommy.” said the son, looking around bored.

“Okay well maybe it’s not about you. Maybe your mother needs to pee, alright?” snapped the mother with rebuke at her son.

“Do you need to pee, mommy?” asked the daughter.

“Yes. Mommy needs to pee very badly right now.” the mother stated firmly. Shirley turned round and faced the mother with a smile.

“Join the club, I’m about to water the grass.” Shirley said with a strained looking smile, curtsying on the spot where she stood. Shirley clutched herself, then let go again, bobbing on the spot.

The mother let out a small chuckle as she too bounced on the spot, saying,

“You wouldn’t be the first. Look at all these people going out into the woods. With this kind of a line for the restrooms, they're not going out there bird watching I can tell you that.” the mother said to Shirley and I as she curtsied on the the spot, clutching her children’s hands. Shirley and I turned round and watched, as the mother was right, there were men, and some women, leaving the port-a-potty line altogether as they ducked away sheepishly behind the trees beyond the row of port-a-potties, no doubt looking for a hidden place in the woods to relieve their bladders in private, unable or unwilling to wait any longer for a free stall.

“Oh please, Alex, let me go pee in the woods. I seriously cant wait any longer. I really really dont wanna piss my pants in front of everyone like this. Please. Please.” She was pleading so hard with me now that she even had her hands together in a praying motion as she bent her knees up and and down, begging for me to permit her to relieve herself in the woods...

TO BE CONTINUED... (WILL WRITE FOR COMMISSIONS! CONTACT ME!)

COMMENTS/ FAVORITE PARTS/ WHY YOU LIKE THEM are all appreciated!

*022*2021-11-17 01:36

PART 5 ANYONE?

*024*2021-11-17 02:30

PART 5

“Oh please, Alex, let me go pee in the woods. I seriously cant wait any longer. I really really dont wanna piss my pants in front of everyone like this. Please. Please.” She was pleading so hard with me now that she even had her hands together in a praying motion as she bent her knees up and and down, begging for me to permit her to relieve herself in the woods. Before I could answer,

“Mommy, how are you gonna pee in the port-a-potty if we cant go in with you?” the son asked suddenly. I turned as the mother sighed in real frustration for a moment, looking around, thinking, clearly this predicament hadn't occurred to her til her son pointed it out, they couldn't very well all three fit in the port-a-potty could they? And clearly she didn't want to leave her kids unattended.

“Look!” the mother said, stepping from foot to foot. “I’ll just…” (sighing in frustration, stepping up and down from foot to foot) “I’ll just have to wait til..” her voice trailed off as she looked away to a couple of men stepping into the trees to go and piss. “Oh god, come with me.” she begged, as she tugged her children quickly away towards the woods.

“Please lets go too. Please lets go too, Alex” Shirley begged me, again grabbing her pussy through her shorts for a moment.

“Let’s go to the woods.” I said to her. She immediately grabbed my forearms with both hands tightly, bending close, desperately saying,

“Oh thank you thank you thank you” before walking briskly away towards the trees, several men’s eyes glued to her gorgeous butt in her short shorts as she quickly and desperately walked away towards the woods…

Upon entering the woods, there were at least six or seven men standing around, peeing into bushes, peeing behind trees. Shirley was tortured by the sound of pissing cocks as she strode through the woods, looking for a place more hidden for her to pee. I followed just several feet behind her, but as we rounded the corner into another little clearing between some more trees and bushes, it was already full with three other men peeing around the perimeter, a forth man zipping up his trousers as he headed back in our direction. The smell of piss everywhere, Shirley grabbed her pussy and squeezed herself through her shorts as she took quick, tense steps through the woodsy clearing, rounding another corner.

She was already unbuttoning the top button on the fly of her shorts as she turned the next corner, looking for a place to pee. We were surprised then to walk right onto a squatting teenaged girl, pissing in full delight as she was sighing deeply with relief, not even seeming to care that we saw her, as Shirley and I walked right past her. We rounded another grove of shrubbery and stumbled on the mother and her two kids from the port-a-potty line earlier, the mother dancing in place right there as she let go of her kids hands, and pulled her dress slowly up her legs, bunching it in her hands before her as she collected it. It was a loose dress with lots of fabric, and as it rose up her calves, I noticed the mom couldn't stop stepping back and forth from foot to foot between her children. A man was peeing in the bushes about forty five feet ahead, the woods were just so full of pissing people…

“Youre not really gonna pee out here are you mommy?” the son asked his mother.

“Yes, alright?! your mother needs to piss.” the mother stepped from foot to foot as she continued gathering up her dress.

“Pee! pee! Sorry. Mommy’s sorry, don’t say piss. Say pee.” she said breathlessly as she kept gathering and bunching up her long dress before her, rising past her knees now, her sexy legs being revealed slowly.

“Oh my god, I’m sorry!” Shirley said as she stood there frantically stepping back and forth from foot to foot with her daisy dukes fully unzipped, her panties showing as she gripped her shorts on both sides, just dying to pull them down and piss, but knowing she couldn't very well do that and keep her dignity, especially in front of these children. The mother looked over and saw us, and blushed with embarrassment at her current situation as she frantically struggled to gather her dress up around her waist, her sexy black underwear now being revealed as she turned round to face us with shock, not knowing what to say. Shirley couldn't stop walking in place, clutching the sides of her denim shorts. Her eyes looked like she was about to cry as she pee danced standing there in the woods for several seconds as the young girl watched her legs and the boy stared at Shirley’s panties through her unzipped fly.

“I’ll wait.” Shirley said. “I’m sorry, theres nowhere to go. I really can’t hold it. I- lll just wait for you to finish and leave, oh god, this is embarrassing, I wont pee in front of your children, I promise.”

“It’s okay, don’t worry, it’s not your fault! It’s this fair! Hold mommy’s dress in back, hold mommy’s dress in back!” the mom shouted lightly at her son as she proceeded to squat in rapid speed down to the ground, pulling her panties to the side of her pussy. At once, the mom began peeing with voracious force, letting out an absolute TORRENT onto the ground, her son holding her dress of the ground in back. She let out a huge “OHHH!!!!!” of relief as she she peed and peed with firehose-like force onto the soil beneath her where she squatted. Her daughter watched wide-eyed in disbelief as her mommy peed and peed uncontrollably in front of her, and in front of strangers, in the woods.

The mother opened her eyes and looked up sympathetically at Shirley, clearly also dying to relieve herself. “Oh godddd, hey” (exhale) “Hey it’s okay if you need to pee, miss. You don't have to wait for us to leave, it’s okay.” the mother said breathlessly between long exhalations of breath as her vagina continued and continued to fire away, voiding her bladder’s fluids. The mom didn't even seem to notice or care when her puddle got so big that it touched her sandals, she just looked so relieved to finally be peeing, having clearly held it for ages.

I noticed the little boy’s eyes locked onto his mothers pissing vagina, probably the first nude vagina he'd ever seen in his life, and here it was his mother, moaning in ecstasy as she pissed and pissed her heart out, too. Shirley just kept bouncing, fighting the urge to pull down her shorts as she noticed the boy kept glancing over in her direction, drinking in the sight of Shirley’s exposed panties before returning his gaze to his mother’s fiercely pissing cunt, her growing puddle of urine on the ground… Shirley finally decided she couldn't wait any longer and began to inch her shorts down her waist slightly before I snapped at her,

“Shirley! Dont you dare. You’ll wait til we’re alone.” I said firmly.

“Nonsense. Please pee. It’ll take the shame off me. I’m peeing in front of my children for god’s sake, I can’t help it, I held it so long, oh goddd…” the mother said, her words trailing off into a sigh of relief, her eyes rolling back in ecstasy, before she looked up at us laughing a meek and awkward laugh, all of us clearly aware of how loudly her pussy was hissing and pissing at the moment, as she squatted down in front of us in plain view, her bladder forcefully draining it’s contents onto the ground beneath her as her son held her dress off the ground in back.

Shirley stared down with sheer envy, seeing this sexy young mom hiss and piss in front of her kids, in front of Shirley and myself, while Shirley mentally forced herself to hold out, and stop holding herself, until this woman had finished and exited stage with her kids. Shirley forced her the top button on her denim shorts fastened again, whimpering lightly with the added pressure on her abdomen. “Huhhhhh” the young mom moaned again, peeing exasperatedly onto the ground beneath her squatting vagina, her splayed legs, her puddle of urine growing large and frothy. Finally, her stream died down to a slow trickle, splashing audibly into the puddle beneath her, before dying down to a slight dribble, til she replaced her panties and stood up, “drop my dress” she said to her son, his eyes glued to his mother’s rear end. He dropped her dress as she turned to us, breathing a last sigh of relief, catching her breath.

“Okay, sorry, I’ll leave you to it, then.” she said, before shepherding her kids away in front of her, back in the direction we came.

I turned to Shirley, her pee dancing firing up again after the others had left from view. She looked in me with pain in her eyes, this beauty if pain, this damsel in distress, my cousin looked so sexy as she danced and pranced like a horse in place, her long nude legs leading up to her little shorts, her swollen stomach, her winking belly button, her bulbous tits, her white teeth biting her juicy red lips, her eyes showing a mix of worry and anguish…

“Please Alex.” she pleaded with me, staring straight into my eyes as she danced.

“Please what?” I asked.

“Please may I go to the bathroom now?” she said with rapid-fire syllables.

“I dont see any bathrooms out here.” I said like a smartass. Shirley clawed through her shorts at her pussy with both hands, hearing this.

“Please Alex, I’m gonna piss myself.” she whined.

“Ah ah ah. No leaking” I said, wagging my index finger in her face.

“I haven’t leaked, I swear.” she said, her voice sounding frantic and strained.

“I don’t believe you, prove it.” I demanded, though I never expected what happened next. All I anticipated was for Shirley to remove her hands so that I could inspect the crotch of her shorts for a wet spot, but instead, she ripped down her denim shorts and her PANTIES! showing me her almost nude, tight, muscular, blonde-haired little pussy, her vagina muscles contracting, holding, and trembling with full force, fighting to hold back the flood inside Shirley’s bladder. Her entire abdomen meeting her thighs, and groin area muscles all looked extremely strong, no doubt the result of lots of difficult and hikes and cliff face climbs, being the outdoorsy girl that Shirley was.

I’d also never seen blonde pubic hair on a woman before, and my cousins gorgeous cunt, on full showcased display before me, looked so tasty in that moment that I wanted nothing more than to stick my tongue in to taste it. Her pussy just kept trembling, refusing to let a single drop of urine escape her tight, and gorgeous body.

“See, I’m dry, no leaks. Now please let me pee, Alex. Please…” she begged like a schoolgirl as I dipped my head low to inspect her gorgeous womanhood, breathing in lightly with my nostrils. She started prancing around in circles in the small clearing in front of me, lifting he knees high in the air like a trotting horse as she walked. “Please, I’ve held it since we got to the house yesterday. Please Alex, I haven’t peed in like twenty four hours now.” she whined as she continued to walk feverishly in circles in front of me, her shorts still pulled down around her thighs, her gorgeously round ass sticking out above her shorts, jiggling beautifully with each of her bouncing, fidgety steps. I paused, then asked her,

“Why are you a Tomboy, Shirley, pretty girl like you? What gives? What made you this way?” I asked. She continued to dance in feverish circles in front of me, unable to stop moving.

“I just, I always liked boy things, but I also wanted to prove I can do anything a man can do. I never wanted to feel less than a guy, I guess.” she said.

“Okay, well I’m glad you say that, cause guess what I saw down one of the aisles at this ridiculous redneck fair?” I said.

“What? what did you see? Alex, I’m sorry but can I please pee?” she begged. I looked down at her ass as she walked like a horse in circles before me, that lovely round rear end, that pornstar ass, finally free of her shorts, naked in front of me, bouncing and quivering all over the place as she couldn't stand still for a second, that perfect Jada Stevens ass on the body of my pretty-faced country-girl cousin with gorgeous tits. Looking down at her big round butt jiggle and sway, I stopped resisting, did exactly what I wanted to do in the heat of that sexy, aroused moment.

I pulled my hand back high in the air when she turned away from me, and quickly brought it down SMACK! through the air as I SLAPPED Shirley HARD on her left ass cheek, her whole butt quivering with the ripple effect. She fell forward and braced herself on the tree before her, letting out a shriek as she clutched her pussy tightly with her free hand, stopping herself quickly from peeing in her shorts. She held herself up against the tree, and slowly turned around to face me, looking entirely confused as to what happened. She just stared at me, then averted her gaze to my raised hand, then reached down and touched her beautiful butt cheek where I slapped her, observing the red, stinging hand mark left behind. I stepped up closer to her stopping inches from her face as I gazed at my gorgeous cousin. She just searched my eyes for some sort of answers, mouthing a quiet,

“What was that?”, before her look turned quickly to one of fleeting desire, as Shirley grabbed the back of my head and pulled me in, making out with me for a few seconds, kissing me longingly and deeply, her tongue pulling on mine. I squeezed her right breasts tightly, feeling the soft yet firm water balloon consistency, pinching the tight little nipple. I reached down with my other hand and got a big handful of ass as I squeezed Shirley’s bulbous cheek. My cock was straining against the inside of my jeans hard. I wanted nothing more at that moment than to fuck my sexy cousin right there in the woods. She quickly pushed me away, seeming to remember suddenly that we were related, we just looked at each other silently a few seconds, before she slowly shook her head as if to say, “this is not a good idea.”

I just stared right back into her eyes and said,

“When we first entered the fair, there were two contests I saw going on, there was a wet T shirt contest full of young women like you, but then further down the line, on the other side of the port-a-potties, there were guys competing to see who could stand on one of the amplifiers over there, and pee further then the others…” Shirley curtsied at the word “pee” her legs dancing and writhing where she stood. “Compete in one of those contests, Shirley, and then pee after that, you officially have my permission. But remember Shirley, you say you wanna prove you can do anything a guy can do right?” I said. Trembling, Shirley put a hard look on her face after a long moment and said,

“Where’s the fucking contest?” she asked.

TO BE CONTINUED...

(P.S. WILL WRITE FOR COMMISSIONS! CONTACT ME!)
