Summer with Snape - Page 13

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*301*2012-04-11 03:58

{{: 

AWWW So CUTE! I loved it!

}}

Awesome I'm glad you did. :)

{{: 

Aww Ginny (: that was cute!

}}

{{: 

Ahhh that was so cute! Wee Gin Gin :D

}}

Thanks guys, glad you liked it.

{{: 

Awwww! So cute! Please don't ever end this story!

}}

Thats not really possible, but I have no plans of ending it anytime soon, so no worries lol.

{{: 

I loved it! I really like your Harry, he's just awesome. :)

And I know that sadly, this story has to end sometime, but I hope thats not for a long time, because I'm in absolutely love with it. :D

}}

Thanks I try..

I know, but so far, I keep getting really good ideas and I cant end it just yet. Thanks I love it too

{{: 

I love reading this when I first wake up :)

}}

Hey thanks, really glad I gained another fan of this story.

{{: 

Loved this new chapter! I'm also glad to know we'll get back to Sev and Harry soon--I'm starting to miss their chapters together (not that I don't love the Weasley chapters too)! Thanks for continuing this story for so long :)

}}

I know I was feeling the same way, I love the Weasleys but I obviously love Sev more.

{{: 

Great chapters again! I like all the Weasley-stuff you added!

}}

Thanks for reading, and Im glad everyone seems to like the Weasely stuff :)

*302*2012-04-11 04:04

So when I posted earlier, I clearly was out of it, I posted chapter 51 before I even posted 50...oops so here is 50 and apologies, my bad. I just really wanna hury up and get to chapter 53, is all, so I may post a bit more to get there quicker. Yay!! Ok on to the story lol

Chapter 50

By the time Bill and Charlie's group had arrived at the van, Ginny and Harry were both asleep and Ron was damn near there. Not sure how they were gonna get the youngest ones back in their seats without waking them up, Molly told Fred, George and Percy to take their seats. The van had 4 rows in the back, and 2 seats up front. One entire row was dedicated to their food items and bags, which left enough room for one to sit comfortably. After Ron was seated, Bill laid Harry down next to Charlie who did the same to him with Ginny. After they were all nestled and buckled in his dad started the car and they were on their way home.

"Hey dad, before we hit the roadway, could we stop at a muggle store?" Bill asked quietly, as he looked down at his sister.

"What do you need to get Bill?" Molly asked softly.

"Something to help Ginny at night," he said pointedly, knowing they understood.

"How will it help her?" Arthur asked confused.

"Maybe you should talk to Professor Snape," Bill said quietly, knowing the man understood it more than he did. After all he only knew what Harry had told him which wasn’t much; considering the boy had been upset at the time.

After the quick stop at a muggle store, and a few awkward questions later they were once again on their way. Bill was grateful that he had thought to slip one on his sister immediately because he could see her squirming around in her seat, preparing for the inevitable. 15 minutes later her body stilled and she relaxed immensely as he knew she wet the pull up. He glanced over the seat at Harry, reminding Charlie once again to watch him. Though Harry had gone before they left it was still a 3 hour drive until home. He turned around to check on Ron, who he noted was sleeping peacefully and quite deeply.

Charlie checked on Harry for what must have been the 100th time during the past 2 1/2 hours. He chuckled at his own exaggeration but it sure felt like it. They were only about 30 minutes from home when he felt Harry moving around in his sleep. As he looked at the sleeping boy on his lap; had Bill not warned him he would’ve just thought that Harry was dreaming or something but his face had worry lines in them; and he instantly knew the problem.

"Dad pull over," Charlie said urgently, already shaking Harry awake.

"Charlie, there is no where to get off at. It’s about a half hour more to the house, you can wait." Arthur said calmly.

"Of course I can wait, I don’t have to go. It’s Harry and trust me when I say he won’t be able to wait," Charlie said before looking down at the still sleeping squirming child.

"Harry, wake up now," Charlie said again, shaking him a bit harder. He winced when Harry flinched back but sat up obediently.

"I'm sorry I didn’t mean to," Harry said automatically, his sleepy brain having not registered where he was and who he was with.

"You didn’t do anything kid," Charlie said gently.

"That never stopped them before," Harry said before shaking his head and turning his bleary eyes on his friend's brother.

"Harry, I'm sorry for waking you, but I thought you needed the toilet." Charlie said.

"Oh, I think I do, it feels like...OH!" Harry said before he was suddenly holding himself.

"Dad pull over now," Charlie said again.

"Where Charlie? We are in the middle of nowhere at the moment," Arthur replied gesturing to the fields around them.

"That’s fine; he'll go on the side of road. That doesn’t bother you does it Harry?" Charlie asked as an afterthought.

"No it doesn’t," Harry whimpered out as the car slowed down.

He was quickly unbuckled and plucked from his seat as Charlie carried him away from the car. He didn’t protest when Charlie took it upon himself to undo his shorts, he just relaxed once he was free and peed quickly. He tucked himself back in when he was finished and turned back to Charlie who threw a cleaning charm at his hands.

"How'd you know I had to go?" Harry asked curiously, as they walked back to the van.

"You were moving around too much," Charlie said simply as they got back into the van.

When they arrived at the house, everyone but Ron and Ginny were awake and they were quickly dressed and put to bed. Harry looked at the clock before quickly going to Ron's room and quietly packed his clothes into his pack. After making sure he had everything including Padfoot, he headed downstairs and put his things by the floo.

"Harry dear, did you have a fun time?" Molly asked as she was starting on dinner.

"I had a lot of fun Mrs. Weasley," Harry replied honestly.

"That’s good honey; I want to see if you wanted to spend another night with us." She said gently.

Harry smiled happily at her, kind of wanting to stay but he didn’t have any more pull ups left. He sighed knowing he couldn’t.

"No thank you, I don’t think I can," Harry replied sadly.

"Why do you say that dear? I'm sure Severus won’t mind," Molly answered.

"I don’t have anymore...clothes," Harry stammered out.

"That’s alright dear; I was going to do a load of laundry in a moment. We'll just throw yours in with it," Molly replied.

"Oh ok, that’s fine then. Could I maybe floo over to my dad's so I can let him know?" Harry asked softly, not wanting to go by himself. But he didn’t know how else he was gonna let Snape know he needed some more special underwear.

"Harry dear, I thought you were afraid to floo alone, how in the world are you going to tell him?" Molly asked curiously

Harry blushed and was in the process of stammering out an answer but was luckily saved by Bill.

"I'll go with him mum," Bill said winking at her before gently tugging on Harry's arm.

"Well that’s alright then," she replied before grabbing his pack and heading towards the laundry room.

"Are you really gonna floo with me?" Harry asked curiously.

"Yup, so let’s go," Bill replied taking his hand and the powder and disappearing in the flames.

Harry landed on the stone floor when they arrived, Bill not knowing to grab a hold of him tightly.

"Owww," Harry moaned loudly before looking at his skinned knees in pain.

"Harry you ok?" Bill asked cringing when he saw him stand back up.

The stone floor had not been at all kind to his delicate skin. Harry gingerly got up and was in the process of limping to a chair when Snape appeared wand out, looking murderous. The expression changed in an instant, and it was clear that Bill was the only one who saw the quick change.

"Daddy, I hurt myself," Harry whimpered; wincing in a pain as he stood up straight to show him his skinned knees.

"I see that, Mr. Weasley do take a seat," Severus said calling up a house elf to bring them tea before accioing a few potions.

“It stings,” Harry whined.

“Don’t whine Harry, I know it stings. I’ll fix it up in a moment,” Severus said gently.

Setting Harry on the chair he gently poured some numbing potion on the cuts before putting on the antiseptic. After he was sure it wouldn’t get infected he rubbed some healing potion on it and Harry's knee was as good as new.

Harry rested his head against Snape’s shoulder, having missed this last night. He was already starting to regret having told Mrs. Weasley that he wouldn’t mind staying another night. He grabbed the man’s hand and squeezed it tight, not embarrassed in the slightest to be holding his hand.

"What brings you both here? I thought that I was supposed to pick him up in an hour?" Severus asked Bill, his arm unconsciously coming around Harry's shoulder.

"Well yes but mum asked if Harry wanted to spend another night. He said yes but wanted to make sure it was ok with you," Bill explained swiftly.

"Its fine with me, I'll pick you up tomorrow at 6pm alright?" Severus said turning to look at Harry.

"Ok," Harry nodded.

"So I think that’s it, right?" Bill asked before looking at Harry.

"No I don’t have any more underwear," Harry said blushing as he looked back at Snape.

"Oh, right. Go on and pack 2 more pairs ok," Severus said picking Harry up off the sofa and setting him on the floor.

The minute Harry had disappeared into his room; Severus turned his eyes toward Bill; who he noticed swallowed quite audibly. He smirked at that, still able to entice fear in former students.

“How has he behaved himself, Mr. Weaseley?” Severus asked conversationally.

“Oh uh, yes he has sir. Harry fits in quite nicely with our brood,” Bill answered quickly. As a Gryffindor he knew firsthand how Snape’s attitude could change in an instant, and as old as he was the man still had him feeling like he was a first year.

Severus nodded, happy to see that Harry had kept his promise. Though he was curious about one other thing and he turned his dark gaze back to the red headed man.

“Has he been homesick at all or no?” Severus asked, having noticed the cuddling a few moments prior.

“He has, though I think you should talk to him about it.” Bill replied.

Severus nodded; he would do that tomorrow after he picked Harry up. They would be returning to the Manor tomorrow night.

“Has he been speaking up when he needs the loo?” Severus asked.

Bill scratched his neck and focused his gaze on the wall to the left of his former Professor. Since he was asked that question, he now knew that Harry not speaking up was a normal thing that Snape was clearly trying to fix.

“Well, no sir,” Bill said unable to lie.

“So I take it he’s had an accident?” Severus said sighing softly.

“He had one, but it wasn’t his fault. It was during the middle of the night and I was in the loo, and he was trying to wait for me to finish.” Bill hurriedly explained, not wanting to get Harry in trouble.

“I see. I assume that you have noticed when he needs to go then?” Severus asked.

“Well no, Charlie has taken over that role; but I notice sometimes too.” Bill replied.

“That’s good, Harry doesn’t like to speak up,” Severus said quietly.

“Why is he afraid to…?” Bill trailed off when he heard Harry’s door open.

Harry grabs two pairs like he was told before grabbing his game boy bag, where he shoved them into it. He lay on his bed for a moment before getting up. Now that he was home, he didn’t really wanna go back.

"Dad, I changed my mind, I think I wanna come home today," Harry said as he came back into the room.

"Harry if you come back tomorrow I will be finished with all my potions including the one for you. And you know what that means," Severus said pointedly.

“But I miss you, and I wanna come home today,” Harry said stubbornly, refusing to look at Bill.

“Harry I still have a lot of potions I need to make tonight and tomorrow morning. If you come home tomorrow I will be finish with them all.” Severus explained carefully.

“But I miss you,” Harry said before shaking his head from side to side, as those stupid tears tried to fall.

“I miss you too Harry, but I’ll see you tomorrow ok?” Severus said, a hand reaching out towards him.

Harry walked over to him and buried his face into Snape’s chest, allowing for a moment a few tears to fall. He didn’t see the pointed look Bill was giving Snape nor did he see the return gesture.

“Harry, I think it’s time you go back with Mr. Weasley now,” Severus said softly.

He himself was having difficulty remaining strong. Truth be told he had missed the boy, he even found himself going into his room out of habit to check on him in the night. He knew that if Harry stayed in his arms any longer, he would forget why Harry needed to go back to the Weasleys tonight.

Harry bit his lip but nodded that he understood before wiping his eyes on Snape’s robe. He stood back up and stared at the stone floor hard, willing his wet eyes to dry. I can do this, I can do this. Besides it’s just for another night right? He thought to himself.

"Tomorrow ok," Harry said out loud.

"I will be there," Severus said before he had a lapful of a 13 year old.

"Don’t forget," Harry whispered before he hugged his father tight and let go, making his way back to Bill.

"I won’t and behave yourself; it was nice seeing you again Mr. Weasley." Severus said before they disappeared in the flames.

*306*2012-04-13 04:36

Here it is, I kinda struggled to write this one, it happens. Enjoy it and all that and yea

Chapter 51

On the floo back to the Weasleys house Bill made sure to hold onto Harry this time, and they landed smoothly into the sitting room. Harry sighed softly before making his way upstairs to Ron’s room. He didn’t know what to do since his mate was still sleeping and he sighed as he sat on his bed. Harry looked outside before checking the clock and sighed. Mrs. Weasely was making everyone a light dinner if they were hungry; he was kinda tired if anything.

Grabbing his game boy out the pack he took it out and started playing with it. He was halfway through his Kirby game when he felt his eyes closing and he quickly turned off the game. He grabbed his pajamas and headed to the loo to get ready for bed. Finishing up he headed back to the room and was asleep within minutes.

Bill came up the stairs to tell Harry that dinner was ready only to find him sprawled out on the bed; asleep. He smiled before making sure that he was protected and turned on the night light on the dresser before closing the door and heading back downstairs.

“Harry’s asleep mum, so he won’t be eating,” Bill said as he came into the kitchen.

“That’s quite alright, I had a feeling he would fall asleep again,” Molly said as she wrapped the food up and stuck it in the fridge.

“Where were you boys taking the younger kids tomorrow Charlie?” Arthur asked.

“This Wizarding Play Place, it’s a bit similar to what we did today only everything is magic related.” Charlie said as he took a drink of his team.

“Like they have this Quidditch arena where you can play against professional players; and I know that Ron and Harry will love that. Especially Ron since the Chudley Cannons are going to be there tomorrow.” Bill replied.

“Will you be flooing there then?” Molly asked curiously.

“Yea mum we will,” Charlie replied.

“What time will you be leaving in the morning?” Arthur asked.

“Mid-morning maybe? We should be back here around dinner time though.” Bill explained.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

Harry woke up the next morning around 7 a bit disorientated until he recognized where he was. He yawned before making his way down the hall to the loo. He sighed in relief when he found it to be empty and he was able to take care of business in peace. He buried the wet pull up in the bin, hoping all the rubbish would cover it. He washed his hands and made his way back to Ron’s room as he got ready for the day. He had no idea what they were gonna do today. As he got dressed he made his way downstairs to the kitchen to find Mrs. Weasley cooking breakfast.

“Can I help?” He asked quietly from where he stood in the doorway.

“Harry dear, what are you doing up so early?” She asked, shocked not only to find him up, but he was dressed as well.

Harry shrugged; he couldn’t very well tell here it was ingrained into him to be up earlier. He was happy that he hadn’t woke up at 6 like usual, what would he had told her then?

“You can help me dear, please set the table,” Molly said gesturing to the stack of dishes on the countertop.

Harry nodded and got right to work. After he finished the table, and after convincing her that he wouldn’t burn himself she allowed him to cook with her over the stove. Harry enjoyed every minute of it, and he smiled to himself. Is this what cooking with your mum is like? He shook away the sentimental thought as they heard feet upstairs signaling that everyone was nearly awake.

Breakfast was soon ready and by then everyone was downstairs and seated at the table. Harry was smiling as they were told where to go but that was nothing compared to Ron’s expression; he was beyond ecstatic. As they flooed to the Wizarding play place, Harry found himself in awe, knowing that today was gonna be an amazing day.

Time in the play place went by quickly and before Harry knew it, Bill had told him and Ron that once the Quidditch match was over they were leaving. Harry nodded excitedly that he understood, he couldn’t wait until it was their turn to play. He was so focused on the game that it didn’t register in his brain that he hadn’t gone to the loo since that morning when he woke up. And after all that juice he had at breakfast and lunch, it was no surprise that his tank needed to be emptied.

Ron was so excited and he was glad that they were only 7 people away from getting a chance to play against his favorite team ever. As he was waiting in line, he was aware of a throbbing pressure in his lower stomach and he groaned in irritation. Why the heck did he have to go now? He looked at Bill and then at Charlie, but he didn’t wanna lose their spot in line. After all Bill had said that it was getting late and that they were going to be leaving after their match. What if he got out of line to use the loo, and Bill wouldn’t let him come back to play? He frowned but he kept his obvious desperation to himself, not wanting to draw attention to himself.

As the 7 people in front of them suddenly joined the game Harry smiled, it was nearly their turn and he couldn’t wait. He grimaced; he actually couldn’t wait for two things, as he gripped his crotch tightly. He turned his body so no one could see what he was doing as he bounced on his feet in desperation.

Ron was crouching down in the disguise that he was tying his shoe, he was grabbing himself almost constantly now and he looked at Harry to find him bouncing.

Assuming his mate was excited he was too focused on his own bladder to realize that Harry was in the same predicament that he was.

Bill and Charlie were waiting by the bench as the other kids stood in line, talking among themselves. They trusted Percy and the twins to watch out for the younger ones.

Fred was frowning as he watched Harry and Ron. He may have been a prankster, but he was a big brother first. He could see that they were excited but at the same time, he knew the cause of their dancing wasn’t because of that.

“George, look at Ron and Harry for a mo’.” Fred said quietly as he nudged his twin.

“Looks like someone needs the loo aye?” George said before grinning as he got an idea.

“I like what you’re thinking dear brother,” Fred said smiling in return.

They headed toward the smaller boys quietly, each grabbing one and picking them up, despite their protests.

“Oy Fred, put me down. We’re next in line,” Ron said trying to get his brother to let go of him.

“How can you tell you have Fred, I thought Fred had me?” Harry asked confused, as he squirmed around in desperation.

“I’m George, Ron,” Fred replied evilly as they quickly walked towards the loo.

“Fred? Can you please put me down?” Harry asked softly, unable to hold himself from this position.

“When we get there Harry and I’m George mate.” George corrected.

“Please put me down now,” Harry whimpered as he felt a few drops leak out.

George frowned but he did put Harry down and was alarmed when he saw Harry grab himself tightly before looking up at him in embarrassment.

“I gotta go,” Harry whimpered stating the obvious.

“I know you do, we’re going now,” George said before carefully picking him up back up and walking pass Ron and Fred towards the loo.

“George not so fast,” Fred yelled as he tried to catch up to his brother.

“Harry can’t wait,” George called over his shoulder never slowing his stride as he walked in.

George groaned when he saw the full urinals, but sighed in relief when he caught sight of a few empty stalls. He headed over towards one and set Harry down in front of it.

“Thanks,” Harry replied with a grimace a he shuffled into the stall.

Forgetting about closing the door, trusting George to do it, Harry started undoing his belt. He didn’t struggle as much as usual and was rewarded when his buckle came loose. He had barely pushed his shirt away before his flow had started it and he sighed in relief as he went.

George was holding the door close, having heard the sigh of relief, and water so he knew that Harry had made it. About 10 seconds later Fred came walking in with Ron who was hanging limp on his shoulder.

“I could have gone by myself you know,” Ron said irritated as he headed for his own stall to quickly relieve himself.

“He make it ok then?” Fred asked nodding towards the stall George was holding onto.

“Yes, just barely it seems,” George replied quietly.

When they came back out the stalls they quickly washed their hands, and headed back towards the line that hadn’t even moved. 1 hour later, they were all happy and exhausted as they flooed back to the Burrow.

*310*2012-04-14 05:34

* SNAPE IS BACK YESSS!!! *Happy dance* I did say I would be updating a bit quicker to get to chapter 53, and Im so stoked lol. Anyways I have a bit of a warning for this chapter because I know everyone has diffrent views on certain things. This chapter has a bit of corporal punishment, if that offends you just skip it. I put a marker where the scene ends and begins so you’ll know where to skip and resume. I don’t particularly want to have a discussion on it, so if you don’t like it, you don’t have to read.*

Chapter 52

Harry and Ron talked non-stopped about the Quidditch game when they arrived back to the Burrow. It got to the point that Mr. Weasely sent them both outside to burn off a bit of steam. They had about and 1 hour or so until dinner and they didn’t know what to do. Harry was currently listening to Ron talk about how one of the players had preformed this move when his eyes lit up.

“You wanna try that move out Ron?” Harry asked excitedly, not thinking about the dangers or anything.

“Of course mate, let’s go get our brooms,” Ron said happily as they hurried over to the broom shed.

Harry smiled before he took flight, as waited for Ron to catch up to him. They flew around for a bit, just getting comfortable before Ron decided he wanted to do it now. They were about 25 feet up in the air, when Ron attempted the move. Harry watched in fascination as his mate started flying before crossing his legs tight, before swiveling his body upside down. The ending result was Ron was riding on the broom, upside down with his arms spread wide, using only his feet to hold on.

Not wanting to be left out, Harry quickly tried the same thing. He went a bit too fast and all but fell off, but he caught himself and they quickly started to play an upside down version of Quidditch. They got so into their game that they didn’t pay attention to anything.

Molly was currently in the kitchen washing something out in the sink as she talked to her oldest child Bill. She was rinsing out a plate when it slipped from her fingers to the floor and shattered. Her hand went over her heart as she looked outside in horror.

“Mum, what’s going on?” Bill said quickly getting up and walking over towards her.

He swore when he looked out the window and took off for the backyard, hearing footsteps behind him. He couldn’t believe Harry and Ron were they going mad or something?

“Harry and Ron, get down right now,” he called out calmly, not wanting to startle them and have them slip and fall.

Harry sat back on his broom properly when he heard Bill’s voice, his face flushed with excitement and all the blood rushing to his head. He looked at Ron and shrugged before making his way to the ground.

“What were you…?” Bill was cut off by voice that had him wincing and he wasn’t in the one in trouble.

“Ronald Billius Weaseley! Harold James Potter! What were you thinking?!” Molly yelled, as she came barreling out the house.

Harry looked at Ron in alarm and swallowed loudly. He could tell from her tone of voice that they were in trouble; big trouble.

“Nothing Mum, we were just flying,” Ron said quietly.

“That wasn’t just flying Ronald and you know it. You could have been killed, you could have died.” She said glaring at both of them angrily.

“We were just flying Mrs. Weasely honest, we weren’t gonna fall.” Harry chimed in softly.

“Just how do you know you weren’t going to fall? Maybe I should call Severus and you can explain to him just what you to thought you were doing,” Molly threatened.

Harry looked at Ron in horror, not wanting that in the slightest. He shook his head frantically; he had no idea what Snape would do to him for something like this.

“Bill, put the brooms away. I need to have a little talk with the boys,” Molly said as she took a wooden spoon out of her apron.

Ron’s eyes bugged out, knowing immediately what was coming. He looked to Bill who was looking at him sympathetically but shaking his head no. He sighed before looking to Harry as they made their way slowly to the house.

“Ron, what is she gonna do to us?” Harry asked quietly as they walked to the house.

“The spoon Harry,” Ron said mournfully.

“What does that mean?” Harry asked fearfully, when he heard his friend’s tone of voice.

“You’ll see mate,” Ron replied softly as they went inside the house.

Harry noticed as they made their way into the house the whole downstairs was quiet, and he couldn’t see anyone. He swallowed back a lump in his throat not knowing what was going on, but wanting to get it over with. He followed Ron and stood in front of Mrs. Weasely as she took a seat in a chair. He chanced a look at his mate’s face and was horrified to see that he looked closed to tears.

“You endangered your lives, and you think that nothing is wrong. You scared me half to death; do you know what would have happened if you had both had fallen?

What if we didn’t see, you? You could have died boys; that was very irresponsible of you. I thought you boys knew better.” Molly lectured quietly.

Harry stood silently and watched her closely as she turned the spoon around in her hand, before looking at him.

“I don’t think Severus will mind how I am going to punish you in the slightest Harry. But if you protest it, feel free to tell me now and I will floo him.” Molly said simply.

Harry shook his head, knowing that Snape’s punishments were bad if the soap trick was anything to go by. He swallowed hard ready to take his punishment.

“Do you know why I am punishing you Harry?” Molly asked.

“Because I did something stupid, and we could have been hurt.” Harry replied softly.

“Correct, when I get done with this part of the punishment you will go stand in the corner over there. You will stay there for 15 minutes and you will not move. Is that clear dear?” Molly explained.

“Yes m’am,” Harry whispered.

“Lay across my lap,” Molly said.

~*~*~*~*Beginning Cp~*~*~*~*~*

Harry’s eyes widened, knowing exactly what she was going to do. He sniffled, having not even been hit yet, but feeling pretty bad that Mrs. Weasely had to do this to him. He didn’t mean to get into trouble; he just wanted to have fun. He swallowed before lying across her lap. He shut his eyes tight and gripped onto the side of her dress.

He braced himself for the smacking and it soon began. He squirmed around trying to get away from the spoon but she held him firm. The first one had him whimpering and by the third he was sobbing. She only gave him five smacks, but he was bawling by the time she was done. Though it was nothing like Uncle Vernon, this one hurt way worse. Worse because he had worried her to the point where she was afraid of them dying. He didn’t know she cared that much, and the fact that he was the cause of her fright hurt him more. He laid their bonelessy in her lap and cried. Though his bum stung it wasn’t blistered, he simply cried because he thought that she wouldn’t want him over there anymore.

“Harry dear, it’s over honey,” Molly soothed as she set him up and hugged him.

Harry struggled to stop crying, not even caring that Ron could clearly see him. Why was she hugging him? What was going on?

“Why are you hugging me?” Harry gasped out through his tears.

“I’m comforting you dear,” Molly said gently.

“But why, I was bad.” Harry blubbered.

“You did something bad, but you yourself are not bad. And you have been punished for it dear. All will be forgiven as soon as you finish your punishment,” Molly said softly.

Harry nodded confusedly for a moment, her words sounded just like Snape. Did this mean that he would be allowed to come over again? He didn’t wanna ask her at the moment, in case she said no. He hugged her tightly before walking over towards the corner, never looking Ron in the eye. He had no idea how he was going to explain to his mate how he was weeping all over his mum. As he stood in the corner and he heard Ron’s smacking, he winced knowing that his mate understood all too well.

~*~*~*~*Ending Cp~*~*~*~*

He felt a bit embarrassed having to hear Ron cry, and he tried to focus on the wall he was staring at. He shifted his foot as his bladder made itself known but he wasn’t about to ask. What if she thought he was playing? What if he got another smacking? He ignored it for the moment, but since he acknowledged it, he couldn’t take his mind off of it. He heard Ron sniffling and he saw his mate walk to the corner opposite him.

“I will be back in 15 minutes, you boys know better than to move or talk,” Molly said as she stood up and made her way into the kitchen.

Harry stood there as she left, standing up making him have to go worse. Gravity had plans for his bladder, and he hoped it wouldn’t decide anything until 15 minutes was over. He was remembering wetting in the corner at the Manor, the last time Snape forgot him. His Professor had told him that if he needed to go, he could. But he didn’t want to do that since he didn’t know the rules of this house. No matter what Charlie said, he didn’t think Mrs. Weasely would be too happy if he left the corner. He turned his head, trying to take his mind off his bladder and looking for a clock to see how much time was left when he saw Ron walking out the room.

“Ron, where are you going?” Harry asked as he sniffled.

“I need the toilet,” Ron asked, face as red as his hair and eyes.

“But we’re not allowed,” Harry said softly.

“Yes we are,” Ron said before walking through the kitchen and to the loo.

Harry was in disbelief on what just happened, but he couldn’t honestly believe that what Ron was doing was ok. His imagination was working overtime as he imagined Mrs. Weasely giving him another smacking now. He danced around in place and hoped that it wouldn’t be true. He heard yelling and winced for a moment, before looking at Ron who came back into the room.

“Did you go?” Harry asked softly.

Ron blushed, as he sheepishly shook his head. He had thought that his mum wouldn’t know that he really didn’t have to go, but she did. And he got another smack for his troubles. Though he felt embarrassed on having to tell Harry that. He knew that if he really did need to go, she would have allowed him. He was trying to figure out how the heck she knew the difference.

“No,” Ron whispered.

Harry nodded sympathetically, his decision set in stone at the moment. He winced and held himself, hoping that he could make it. It felt like he had been waiting for an hour, but unbeknownst to him, he had only been in the corner for 8 minutes. He was currently shifting from one leg to the other when he felt a spurt make its way out. He gasped before clenching his teeth, and clamping his hands over his groin. He was in agony, and he didn’t know how long he was gonna make it for.

Charlie was walking down the stairs towards the kitchen when he saw Harry in an uncomfortable bent at the waist position. He knew without a doubt that Harry needed the toilet. He was just about to go over and alert his mum, when he heard a whimper and he knew that Harry probably couldn’t hold it that long. He walked swiftly over to him so he could tell him to go.

“Harry, go to the toilet now,” Charlie said firmly.

“I’m being punished, I can’t go,” Harry replied, trying to keep the tears at bay as he felt another spurt escape. He moaned and bent his knees even more.

“Yes I know you’re being punished, but mum will understand that you need the loo. Go now,” Charlie repeated.

“Are you sure? Ron had to go to the toilet earlier and he couldn’t go,” Harry said tearfully as he jumped up and down.

“He probably was pretending, trust me mum can tell the difference.” Charlie said quickly, wanting Harry to hurry up before he had an accident.

“Ok, could you tell her where I’m going then?” Harry asked, his hands never leaving his crotch as he started to make his way slowly towards the toilet.

Charlie nodded before walking into the kitchen to tell him mum where Harry was. He was just about to go check on him when his dad called him. Looking towards the hall that led to the closest loo, he assumed Harry had made it before he made his way outside.

Harry inched his way as quick as he could to the loo, spurt after spurt making their way through his tight hold. He sighed in relief when he finally made it to the loo, refusing to see how bad he had already wet himself. He opened the door and quickly locked it before walking over to the toilet. He lifted the lid and the seat up and let go of his crotch to undo his trousers.

The moment he let go he could feel his bladder starting to release itself fully and he grabbed hold again. He tried to undo his belt with one hand but was having trouble, the sight of the toilet making it worse. He hobbled towards the door and opened it and poked his head out, looking for Charlie. He didn’t see him or anyone else for that matter and what trying to figure out what to do when he felt it.

He suppressed a sob, as he felt his thighs get warm and wet, before his legs and feet joined them. It overflowed his trousers and splattered loudly onto the floor. He shut the door and leaned against it as he watched his trousers darken in color. Harry cried harder as his bladder slowly became empty, because it was all over himself. When he was done, there was a massive puddle on the floor and he couldn’t see anything to clean it up with. His trousers were starting to get cold and his socks and shoes were drenched. He didn’t know what to do, why didn’t Charlie follow him? Where the heck was Bill? Feeling alone and forgotten Harry sat down on the floor, in his puddle. He brought his wet knees to his chest and wept.

As the timer above the stove went off for the 15 minute mark Molly went to go tell Ron and Harry that their time was up. As she walked in the lounge she could only see Ron, and remembered Charlie telling her that Harry needed the loo quite badly. After giving Ron and reassuring hug she made her way towards the toilet. Molly was wondering what was taking Harry so long and was getting a bit worried. As she came to the close door she could hear sniffling and crying and she knocked once not wanting to startle him.

“Harry, are you alright dear?” She asked gently.

Harry‘s head hit the wall hard as it snapped up, and he looked at the door in horror. He didn’t want her to see the mess he made. Would she be mad?

“I’m fine Mrs. Weaseley,” he said back hoarsely, his voice letting her know he was anything but.

“You don’t sound fine to me dear, what happened?” She asked kindly.

Harry looked around at himself again, knowing that she was bound to find out anyway. It was just a matter of when, and he sighed to himself. He took a sleeve and wiped his wet face, knowing Snape would have a cow if he did that at home. He took a deep breath before replying.

“I had an accident,” Harry whispered embarrassment clear in his tone.

“Oh that’s alright dear, they happen, it’s not your fault. May I come in Harry?” Molly asked softly.

“Yes,” Harry said.

Molly opened the door and walked in to find Harry sitting on the floor in a puddle. Charlie was right, Harry had been busting. The question of the day was why didn’t Harry tell her he had to go sooner? She shook her head, already knowing the reason and sighed.

“Let’s get you cleaned up dear,” Molly said tenderly.

Harry nodded but didn’t say anything as he stood up. His shoes made a squelching noise and he frowned willing the tears not to start falling again. He stood silently in front of her, wanting a hug and to be back with Snape. He knew he shouldn’t have said yes, he just wanted to go home. He smiled a half smile at her when he felt the spell rush over him and the floor. Those his clothes were clean he still felt dirty and he looked at the floor. He unconsciously hugged himself, a gesture that didn’t go unnoticed.

Molly wasn’t a mother of 7 for nothing and without a word she had started the tub and closed the door behind her.

“Did you want bubbles Harry?” She asked kindheartedly.

“Could I?” Harry asked voice thick with tears.

“Of course you can dear,” Molly replied as she poured in the bubbles.

Harry took off his shoes and socks noiselessly, feeling his emotions trying to tear him apart from the whole situation. He just wanted some comfort, was that too much to ask? He didn’t want to ask her, since she had already hugged him. He never knew if it was right, and he just wished for Snape again. As he was pulling off her shirt he couldn’t stop the incoming tears and he reached to mash the heels of his hands in his eyes to stop them, but his arms were gently grabbed.

“It’s alright Harry, it was an accident. You are not in trouble sweetie,” Molly said lovingly.

Harry melted in the touch as she hugged him and he felt his barriers breaking away as he sobbed into her chest. She allowed him to cry as long as he wanted, and he did. As she hugged him and cleaned him up, he had to wonder if his mum had been alive would this have been what it felt like. He had never felt so much love towards him at a time, Snape showed it in other ways but this was different and he loved it.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

The next day passed by quickly, and soon it was nearing 6:00pm and Harry was excited. He grabbed his bag and after making sure he had all his games and toys and clothes he was ready. As he placed his bag next to the floo, he ran upstairs with Ron to play a game of exploding Snap. They were about halfway through when Harry heard Bill calling him to tell him that Snape was here.

“Bye Ron, see you at school, or in Diagon Alley.” Harry said as they made their way downstairs.

As soon as he saw the man he ran for him and launched himself at him. He was caught instantly and he buried his head in his shoulder as he hugged him tight.

“Dad, I missed you so much,” Harry said face muffled by the robes, but Severus heard the message loud and clear.

“I missed you to child,” Severus replied as he thanked the Weasleys and grabbed Harry’s bag.

Harry held onto the back of Snape’s robes tightly, when he felt the man trying to put him down.

“No,” Harry whimpered, feeling a bit out of sorts at the moment.

“Harry, I was merely setting you down for a moment, so you can thank Mr. and Mrs. Weasely for having you.” Severus explained gently.

“Oh,” Harry replied before turning his head, and doing just that. He refused to be moved, and the adults watch on in amusement.

Harry watched on as Snape promised to tell them when they were going to Diagon Alley so they could meet up together. After saying a dozen or so goodbyes, Severus and Harry flooed back to their quarters in Hogwarts.

“Go finish packing your things you want to bring back to the Manor. We will be leaving as soon as you get done,” Severus said as he set Harry down.

Harry nodded before making his way into his room and gathering up his things he wanted to take. He made sure he had his nighttime underwear and made his way back out towards Snape. He swung his feet as he waited for Snape and a few minute later the man appeared.

“Before I forget I want you to drink this,” Severus said holding out a small vial.

Harry didn’t ask what it was; already knowing it was for his bladder. It was supposed to make it as big as it used to be, which meant that his bedwetting was still going to be there. He sighed, but it was better than having the bladder the size of a pea sometimes. He gulped it down quickly grimacing at the taste as he handed the vial back to Snape.

“How do you know it worked?” Harry asked curiously.

“You’ll notice the change over the next few days,” Severus said as he shrunk everything and put it in his pocket.

Harry stood up and nodded making his way towards Snape before stopping.

“Gonna go to the loo real quick,” Harry said before making his way down the hall.

Severus sighed but didn’t say anything as he waited for Harry to finish. As Harry came back he grabbed him gently and they disappeared in the green flames.

*315*2012-04-17 05:44

{{: 

Great chapters again! I can't wait till chapter 53 appears... ;)

}}

:) Neither can I, I think I got everyone excited for chapter 53, just hope it doesnt disapoint.

{{: 

Aww! Weasly's <3

}}

I know there all so totally sweet

{{: 

Thanks for updating :) It was a good surprise to see both Harry and Ron desperate at the same time, and I love how you keep trying out new situations and scenarios!

}}

I try, I really just wanna keep my story interesting lol. Besides there is so MANY things to try here lol. Im glad you and everybody else is liking it.

{{: 

Thank you for showing us that Mrs. Weasley is a mother, but quite a loving one! I thought it was actually really good, and though I am sure that the CP will offend a few people, I think it was a natural reaction to the fright she had had.

Eitherway, your writing is very good! I can't wait to see whatelse Snape has planned for Harry.

}}

Thanks dude, and yea you cant win them all. If it was me I think I would have reacted the same way lol

{{: 

Aww! That was really well done! Poor Harry but Mrs. Weasly is amazing!

}}

Poor Harry? Poor Mrs. Weasely, they gave her such a fright!

{{: 

I thought it was a wonderful chapter! :)

Mrs. Weasley's punishment made perfect sence to me, since they frightened her so much.

I'm so glad Snape is back!!

}}

Thanks so much for that, and so am I, I really missed Sev. :)

{{: 

That was brilliant, I thought the cp fitted well with that chapter and it was cute as always :)

}}

Even with the cp its cute..thats awesome btw lol, and Im sooo happy you liked it. :D

*317*2012-04-17 05:48

This chapter is unsually long standing at 12 pages(the longest one yet), so I hope you guys enjoy it. I was thinking I should have spilt it in half, but I really didnt want to do that lol. It might be because of the 3 omo scenes in one chapter, who knows anyways I couldnt resist. I missed Snape and awful lot lol. I hope you guys enjoy it and on to the story.

Chapter 53

Harry sighed happily when they landed in the sitting room of the Manor and he grinned happily as he looked around. He had missed this place, and he loved that they were back. He turned around to look at Snape who was handing him his shrunken luggage.

“Go set that on the floor of your bedroom and it will resize to normal in about 5 minutes,” Severus said as he nudged Harry towards the stairs.

“Kay,” Harry replied before taking to the stairs like a horde of hippogriffs.

Severus shook his head, but if he was being completely honest with himself, he had missed home as well. He found his lips twitching into a small smile spite of himself, before turning into a smirk. Now he and Harry could spend the remaining 2 weeks of summer vacation in peace, and he could finish out their trip. He sighed as he remembered what Albus had wanted Harry to know before they got back to Hogwarts. He didn’t want to have this talk but he knew it had to be done, especially since they still had to go to Diagon Alley to get Harry’s school supplies. Severus wasn’t a fool, and he knew that Harry was bound to see the wanted papers for Black.

“Harry come back down here, we need to talk.” Severus called before calling a house elf who immediately fixed some tea.

Harry walked slowly down the stairs, trying to figure out if Mrs. Weasely told Snape about the flying incident. He had already been punished by her, but what if she made good on her threat? How would Snape punish him then? What would he use? Harry shivered but he obeyed and he soon found himself standing in front of the man, trembling slightly.

“Harry are you cold child?” Severus asked concern in his tone, when he noticed the shivering.

“Am I in trouble?” Harry whispered, unable to stand it.

“Of course not child, have you done something that I should know about?” Severus asked raising an eyebrow in question.

Harry shook his head and breathed a sigh of relief before taking a seat next to Snape.

“Why would think you were in trouble child?” Severus asked quietly.

“You said we needed to talk, when Uncle Vernon said that it always meant I did something he didn’t like. Or I didn’t do something I was supposed to,” Harry said swallowing hard in remembrance.

“Never child would I punish you like he did, that was abuse. I would never abuse you Harry,” Severus said softly, knowing that Harry knew this but still needed the reassurance every now and then.

Harry nodded before leaning into the man’s side. He looked up at Snape curiously wondering what he needed to talk about then.

“I wanted to talk to you about this man that’s on the loose. He escaped from Azkaban Prison; that’s the wizarding prison Harry. His name is Sirius Black.” Severus said spitting out the name like it was poison.

“Ok, but why do you have to tell me that. I’m not gonna go look for him.” Harry asked confusedly.

“I would hope not, or I will tan you good Mr. Potter.” Severus said gravely as he gazed into the child’s emerald eyes to let him know how serious he actually was.

“I won’t sir, I promise,” Harry said nodding, having no intention of getting another smacking.

“Good, you make sure you keep that promise. Now I’m telling you about him because Black is in prison for the deaths of your parents.” Severus said quietly.

Harry looked up in shock but otherwise said nothing as he waited for Snape to continue.

“He was their secret keeper of a charm that was supposed to keep them safe. Potter chose him to be it because he said they were best friends. But Black betrayed them to the Dark Lord,” Severus explained delicately.

“He was their best friend and he betrayed them?” Harry asked horrified as his eyes filled with tears.

“Yes, and he’s also your godfather,” Severus said the last part softly, as he waited for Harry’s reaction.

“My godfather, betrayed my parents?” Harry asked tearfully, as he looked to Snape to tell him this was all just a joke.

“Yes Harry,” Severus said gently.

“But he was their friend!” Harry yelled swiping his arm across his face angrily.

“I know child,” Severus murmured.

Harry couldn’t help the pained expression on his face, he just wanted to scream and cry and yell but he knew that wouldn’t be acceptable so he didn’t. He just sat their quietly, as he forced his tears to stay where they were.

“Harry, child its’ ok to cry,” Severus said, when he saw the brave front Harry was trying to hold up.

“Crying won’t bring them back,” Harry whimpered softly.

“No it won’t, but it’ll make you feel better,” Severus replied before reaching over and picking the small boy up and placing him in his lap. He gently took the glasses off of the child’s face and placed them on the tray.

Severus turned him around, where he could lay his head on his shoulder as he gently patted his back. He knew Harry needed this comfort, even if he wasn’t sure fully what he was supposed to do. He stood up and rocked him and was rewarded with a sniffled before it turned into a stifled sob, and then he had a weeping boy in his arms. He whispered nothings in his ear telling him it would be ok, and just let the boy cry it out.

20 minutes later Harry was mopping his face up, feeling a bit drained and wanting to sleep as he sat on Snape’s lap; but the man said that he still had things he needed to talk to him about. Harry sniffled before turning his red eyes, to look up at his father.

“Why did you call Voldemort the Dark Lord?” Harry asked curiously.

Severus hissed as his mark flared painfully as the child said the Dark Lord’s name and he frowned as he looked at him.

“Do not say his name in my presence,” Severus said dangerously, eyes flashing in anger.

“I’m sorry Daddy.” Harry whimpered as he shook in fear from the gaze in those dark eyes.

“Apologizes Harry, I didn’t mean to frighten you,” Severus said gently, not wanting to venture on this subject in the slightest. He just knew this was bound to give the boy nightmares.

“I called him the Dark Lord, because I was once a Death Eater. Before you ask; a Death Eater is a follower of him, and I was his Potion’s Master.” Severus said in a hushed tone.

Harry stiffened noticeably in Snape’s arm, couldn’t the man have told him this sooner, before he accepted guardianship maybe. What if Snape dragged him off to Voldemort? Harry was terrified and he couldn’t speak for the moment, but his facial expression spoke volumes.

“Harry I was a spy for the light side, Dumbledore can vouch for me. I would never hurt you, nor will I willingly take you to him, I would rather die; then to ever put you in harm’s way.” Severus said sincerely.

Harry nodded as he breathed a sigh of relief, wondering for a moment why his heart was beating so fast and he was trying to catch his breath.

“Foolish child, breath,” Severus said before pulling out a calming draught and bringing it to Harry’s lips who drank it automatically.

“I’m sorry,” Harry whispered when he got his breath back.

“Its fine child; we only have one more thing we need to talk about and then we’re done.” Severus said wishing this was over and done with.

“Because of me being a known Death Eater, most of the Slytherin’s in school have death eater parents whom I’ve associated with. And I must show favor to them and no one else. That is why I have treated you like I have these past 2 years, and that is why when we go back to school no one is to know about the guardianship, nor of our changed relationship.” Severus said firmly.

“What do you mean? We have to pretend we hate each other again, like that time we did for Ron and Hermione?” Harry asked eyes wide, not liking that in the slightest.

“Yes Harry, that’s exactly what I mean. If someone like Lucius Malfoy were to find out about us, my life would be forfeited, and you would be in the hands of the ministry.” Severus said cautiously.

“I won’t tell anyone Daddy, I can keep secrets.” Harry said remembering all the times his teachers in primary school had asked about his bruises.

“I know you can child.” Severus said frowning, wishing once again that Harry didn’t have to do this.

Harry nodded as he hugged the man, and leaning on him tiredly. The conversation was draining and although it was only 7:00pm he was exhausted. He closed his eyes sleepily, and started to doze off in a light sleep.

“Are you ready for bed child?” Severus asked quietly as he stood up, heading towards the steps.

“Yes,” Harry mumbled into his robe as he was carried.

Severus got Harry quickly dressed for bed and in his special underwear in record time. He smiled to himself; this getting ready for bed was easy as pie. Making sure that the toilet light was on he headed to his room to get some work done. He fell asleep a few hours later, noting that they probably wouldn’t be going out tomorrow as he could hear the makings of a summer storm.

Harry woke up to a loud boom, and he jerked up in his bed, immediately looking out the window. He could see the shadow of a tree and hear the rain, but his imagination was starting to play tricks on him. He was looking all around his room and jumping at any invisible noise that he thought he heard. Thoughts that Sirius Black, was coming to kill him was foremost in his head. But there were also other thoughts, memories even.

He remembered there being a storm while he was locked in his cupboard and his Uncle purposely leaving on the TV where a horror movie was playing. He could see and hear it all from his vents and he shuddered in fear. He shook his head, he couldn’t stay here. He grabbed Padfoot and pulled the covers back.

He quickly got out of bed and made his way outside into the hall. The thunder was so loud and he was so scared that his breaths were coming out in harsh pants. He was too into his fear to realize that his underwear was dry and his bladder was full. All he was focused on was making it to Snape’s room; the man always knew what to do. Harry opened the man’s door and breathed a sigh of relief when he saw him in his bed.

"Snape," Harry whispers softly to the man, wanting nothing more but to hide under then man's covers.

He crept towards the bed silently, jumping in fear when he heard a boom of thunder. He didn’t get an answer and Harry was about to try again and when loud crack was heard from outside, and the room flashed brightly. He whimpered; and unable to help himself dove, headfirst into his father's bed. Harry shivered underneath the covers, scooting his body towards his father. He was rewarded when a hand came around to move him closer and he felt the tension melt off his body.

“Harry, what’s wrong child?” Severus asked sleepily, having woken the minute atmosphere in his room had changed. Years of being a double agent, would do that to anyone.

“I don’t like storms,” Harry whimpered out.

“Why not; you’re safe inside child,” Severus replied.

Harry’s frame shook as he remembered not wanting to speak about it tonight.

“It’s alright Harry, you can tell me in the morning.” Severus said tiredly.

“Can I sleep in here with you?” Harry asked quietly, automatically bracing himself for a negative response.

“Yes you can child, relax,” Severus said as his smooth voice talked about random potions knowing Harry would calm down in a moment.

Relishing in the security around him and his father's soothing voice he calmed down quickly. He was just starting to doze when he was reminded of something he needed to take care of; urgently! Harry's eyes suddenly flew opened at their own accord as he became aware of his full bladder and he moaned involuntarily before reaching down and holding himself tight. He squirmed around under the covers frantically, trying to gain some courage to get out the bed and go.

"Harry what’s wrong?" Severus said sighing, wanting to know why he moaned.

“Nothing, I’m fine, just go back to sleep daddy,” he whispered out.

Severus was aware of two things in his sleepy state: Harry only called him daddy when he was hurt or needed something, and he could tell from his tone of voice that he was worried. He rolled his eyes, Harry was certainly not fine.

“If you’re fine then why are you shaking and moving around so much?” Severus pointed out.

“I gotta use the toilet real bad," Harry whimpered pitifully.

"It’s badly Harry, you can use my bathroom. Its right across from the bed," Severus said voice muffled by the covers.

The storm raged on and Harry shook his head in the negative before curling up. He didn’t want to get up out of bed and leave the safety of Snape.

"I'm scared," he whispered, face burning in shame.

Severus sighed before pulling the blankets off from him and blinking his eyes blearily in the dark.

"Come on Harry, I'll come with you," Severus said before gently pulling Harry off the bed.

Harry reached and grabbed a handful of Snape's robe squirming anxiously as they quickly walked towards the bathroom. As Snape opened the door, he bolted through the door before stopping it was too dark to see anything.

“The light,” Harry whimpered softly as he bent at the waist.

Severus reacted immediately at the tone of voice and flipped the switch to find Harry hobbling towards the toilet. He leaned tiredly against the doorframe as he waited for the boy to finish.

Harry stood in front of the toilet and pulled his underwear down before relieving himself in the toilet. It felt good to let go and as the storm roared on he tried to quickly finish. He didn’t want Snape to get annoyed and go back to bed without him. He flushed and washed his hands before turning towards the man.

“Thanks,” Harry said smiling up at him gratefully.

“You are welcome child,” Severus replied, as he reached for his hand and turning off the light.

He set Harry into bed first, removing his glasses before climbing in himself. He wasn’t annoyed in the slightest, when Harry attached himself to his side. He merely smiled and drifted off to sleep, his hold on the child quite protectively.

The next morning the storm raged on sounding like it had gotten worse throughout the night. Harry was unsure of what woke him up, until felt the pressure in his lower tummy and he sighed. The goodnight was full, so he knew that even if he didn’t have to go he still had to get up and change. He slowly got out of bed, not wanting to wake Snape up, looking around for his glasses for a moment, before deciding that he couldn’t wait that long.

Harry held himself for good measure as he walked to the toilet. The light made it easier for him to forget last night and the storm. As he got to the door a particularly loud boom of thunder hit before the sound of lightening cracked closely to the window and he jumped about a foot and let out a frightened scream. As he tried to calm himself down, he became aware of a warm wetness spreading down his thighs and onto the carpet. He stared at himself in horror, not believing in the slightest what had just happened. He stood there and finished his wet, not looking up for the longest. He wasn’t even aware that Snape was awake let alone that the man saw everything.

“Harry child, it was an accident,” Severus said breaking the silence in the room.

Harry startled and looked up with his watery green eyes, and nodding to the man that he understood. Though understanding what happen didn’t make him feel better in the least. He sniffled softly feeling a bit like a cry baby, for wanting to cry over this.

“The lightening scared me,” Harry said tearfully, as a way of explanation to Snape.

“I know child, it’s alright. Accio pull up,” Severus said softly before said item whizzed through the door, and into his hand.

He waved his wand at Harry, knowing that though he hated cleaning charms he probably didn’t wanna take a bath at the moment.

Harry sighed when he was cleaned up and he grabbed the clean pull up before quickly stripping and putting the new one on. He crawled back into Snape’s bed, falling asleep immediately.

Harry woke up to his stomach growling and a wet pull up, but Snape was nowhere to be found. The clock read 12:00pm which was strange, because he had never slept in this late before. Why didn’t Snape wake him up? He cleaned up and changed into boxers before heading downstairs.

"Dad; where are you?" He called walking through the quiet manor.

"In the kitchen Harry," Severus called.

Harry made his way to the kitchen, shivering a bit as the wind howled outside.

“Hey there sleepyhead, did you sleep well?” Severus asked as set the plates on the table.

“Yup,” Harry replied happily, as he brought the juice to the table and poured it into the glassed.

“That’s good, go on and have a seat,” Severus said as he started magically washing the dishes before joining Harry at the table.

"Are we staying in today?" Harry asked as he sat on a chair.

"Yea, the storm is supposed to get worse and I'd rather not be in the middle of it," Severus said.

"Me either," Harry replied shivering slightly at just the thought, but he wondered what they would do today.

"Wanna have a movie day?" Severus asked suddenly having seen the slight tremor, but figuring he would have a talk about it later..

"Yep," Harry said grinning, as Snape handed him a plate of food. Harry smiled in delight as they ate his lunch.

After lunch Harry headed up the stairs to brush his teeth, he couldn’t wait for this movie thing with Snape. He smiled as he quickly brushed his teeth and headed back downstairs, making himself comfortable on the couch as he waited for the man.

“Pick a movie Harry,” Severus said as he took a seat on the couch.

Harry grinned happily before picking out Dennis the Menace and putting it into the VCR before coming back to sit next to Snape. He relaxed against the man’s side as the previews started playing, ignoring the raging storm outside. The lack of sun was making the Manor darker and it looked like it was nighttime instead of around noon. Harry was content as the movie started and he was laughing as he watched it. He couldn’t help the feeling of nostalgia as he looked up every now and then to look at Snape. He didn’t think any of this was ever going to be possible and here he was; with a father. He grinned goofily as he got into the movie, everything else taking a backseat as he watched.

As the movie progressed it found Harry shifting in his seat quite often as the juice from lunch caught up with his bladder. He squirmed uncomfortably in his seat his eyes never leaving the T.V. 10 minutes when by and he was moving almost constantly now, it got to the point where Snape had noticed and had paused the movie to look at Harry.

“Why did you stop it?” Harry asked turning around to look at his father in confusion.

“Because I think someone needs to use the loo,” Severus said pointedly.

“I don’t gotta go dad, I’m fine.” Harry denied even as he became aware of just how full his bladder was.

Harry wanted to finish the movie, they had just gotten to a particularly good part and he didn’t wanna miss it. Never mind that Snape had paused the thing, Harry just couldn’t be bothered to go.

“I don’t believe that in the slightest Harry. If you don’t have to go, then why aren’t you able to keep still?” Severus asked skeptically.

“Because I’m excited for it to continue, it was at a really good part. Please dad can you unpause it?” Harry asked, crossing his legs tight as he willed his body to stop moving.

Severus sighed loudly, but not at all worried. For one if Harry didn’t make it, at least they were at home. He shook his head, not about to force the boy to go, before he resumed the movie.

Harry grinned happily before turning his attention back to the movie. Less than 5 minutes later he was holding onto himself as they laughed along to Dennis tying up the bad guy. He wiggled around for another moment or so until he felt a spurt hit the front of his boxers and he moaned and bent at the waist.

“Stop the movie dad!” He said desperation clear in his voice.

“What’s wrong Harry?” Severus asked as he stopped the movie, knowing very well what was wrong.

“I gotta go pee,” Harry said before jumping up and running to the downstairs loo.

“That’s why you don’t wait until the last minute Harry,” Severus called as he shook his head as he waited for Harry to return.

Harry didn’t reply to that as he ran towards the loo, bursting in and leaving the door completely open in his hurry. He already had himself out before he was even standing in front of the toilet and as a result ending up wetting a bit on the floor before he got into position and aimed properly.

Severus breathed a sigh of relief. In the quietness of the manor, he could hear quite clearly water hitting water, and he closed his eyes. He shook his head, hoping to break Harry of that habit before going back to school. Severus didn’t want to think if one of the teachers told Harry he couldn’t use the loo when it was obvious that he couldn’t hold it.

Harry finished a few minutes later and frowned at the puddle on the floor, before looking around. There wasn’t a towel, and he blushed as he flushed the toilet before washing his hands. He closed the door behind him intending to go upstairs to grab a towel to clean the puddle up but was stopped when he nearly bumped into Snape.

“Dad, what are you doing here?” Harry asked curiously.

“Wanted to see what was taking you so long, before figuring I could use the loo as well.” Severus replied honestly before gesturing to Harry to move out of the way.

Harry’s eyes widened comically, before shaking his head. No way could he let his dad go in there and see his mess. He hadn’t wet himself today, and he was somewhat proud of the fact that he made it.

“Why can’t you use another loo?” Harry asked softly.

“Because this one is closer child,” Severus replied a bit confused why Harry wouldn’t let him into the toilet.

Harry frowned as he stared at the ground at the moment before moving to the side to let his father pass.

“What is the matter child?” Severus asked in concerned.

“I wet on the floor a little,” Harry whispered out, face burning in shame.

“It was an accident Harry, I’ll clean it up.” Severus said before walking into the loo and taking care of the puddle.

Harry smiled before waiting by the door for the man to finish. When Snape came back out they walked back to the lounge and continued their movie day.

*321*2012-04-22 19:55

Sorry this is so late I've really tired as of late, and havent though I've felt like writing I was too tired to do it.

Chapter 54

Harry smiled as they flooed to the Leaky Cauldron, holding onto Snape as they landed and making sure his scar was hidden. He giggled, knowing that gesture was pointless as they were under glamour charms and potions. Snape had said that if Harry had gone as himself, then he would have had to mean to him in public and Harry didn’t want that. So they compromised, though because of that he wasn’t meeting the Weasleys. Harry shrugged as they made their way to Gringotts, fingering the money pouch around his neck.

“Are we getting money from my vault?” Harry asked curiously as they walked inside.

“No, we’re getting it from mine. Yours is off limits until you become of age,” Severus explained quietly.

“What do you mean? How will I pay for my clothes and books? What if I need spending money? Dad, what am I supposed to do then?” Harry asked eyes welling in angry and confused tears.

“Relax child, I have taken over the role of your parent. Everything you could ever need, or want for that matter I will pay for it.” Severus answered calmly.

“But kids are expensive, and I have my own money.”Harry said ignoring the fact that Snape had been paying for his things all summer.

He understood that because they were in the muggle world and Harry didn’t have muggle money, but now that they were back in the wizarding world he didn’t want to seem like he was spending up all the man’s money.

“Harry, it’s all taken care of. Did your cousin ever pay for anything of his things?” Severus asked quietly, wanting more than anything to have a few moments with the Durselys.

“No. but that’s only because he has parents and they loved him, I don’t have that.” Harry said without thinking.

Severus frowned, willing his self not to take offence; waiting for the apology that he knew would come once Harry realized what he had said.

Harry was staring at the ground wondering why Snape hadn’t replied, when he realized what he had just said. He didn’t mean it like that; he knew that Snape loved him. He shook his head angrily, feeling like a spoiled brat. If the man didn’t love him he wouldn’t have bought him everything he wanted, he wouldn’t have spent all that time with him and he wouldn’t have told him that he loved him. Harry shook his head before looking cautiously up at the man.

“I didn’t mean that daddy,” he whispered tearfully.

“Enough Harry lets go get some galleons,” Severus said quietly as they followed the goblin to his vault.

As they exited the bank Harry was fairly quiet feeling like he had already ruined the day. He was looking at the ground not saying a word, willing his stupid tears to stay where they were. He sniffled softly before wiping his hand across his face at the ones that had fallen. He always messed up and he hated himself for it.

“It’s alright Harry,” Severus said as he handed him a handkerchief as they entered Madam Malkin’s robe shop.

Harry mopped up his face as they entered holding tightly to the handkerchief as he was measured for new robes and clothes for the school year. He couldn’t keep his gaze from glancing every so often at the man in the chair. The irrational part of his brain was coming up with scenarios in which Snape up and left him in the shop. He sighed in relief when she was done before walking back to him.

After, they headed to the Apothecary where Snape took a long time looking at things to the point where Harry was actually bored to sleep. He sighed softly before sitting on the floor out of the way and resting his head on his knees. He realized he had dozed off when he felt himself get picked up.

“Are we done now?” He asked sleepily.

“We still need your books, but we can get that after lunch.” Severus replied.

“When is lunch?” Harry asked, his stomach already growling in protest.

“Right now, if anything it will wake you up,” Severus replied chuckling as he headed to the Leaky Cauldron.

Harry nodded in Snape’s shoulder the back of his mind vaguely noting that his bladder was nudging him. It wasn’t bad, just a bit uncomfortable but he was too comfortable where he was to speak up at the moment.

Severus led the way to a booth in the back where they wouldn’t be disturbed before sitting down with Harry on his lap.

“Are you awake enough to sit on your own or are you good here?” Severus asked quietly.

“I wanna sit across from you,” Harry said tiredly, as he tried to wake up.

Severus nodded before gently nudging Harry up so he could sit down.

“What do you feel like eating?”Severus asked as they looked at the menu.

“Can I have hamburger?” Harry asked his head jerking back as he tried to stay awake.

“Yes, did you want chips too?” Severus asked.

“And pumpkin juice,” Harry said nodding.

“Of course,” Severus replied before ordering their food.

Harry laid his head on the table, as he bounced his legs. When their drinks came he took a long gulp from the refreshing beverage and was reminded when the coldness settled into his stomach that he needed the toilet. He turned around they weren’t that far from the loo but the place was kinda packed and he didn’t want to lose their table. He nodded, thinking he could go alone.

“Dad, I gotta wee,” Harry said quietly.

“Uh alright, it’s right over there. Let’s go,” Severus said as he made his way to get up.

“No its ok, I can go by myself,” Harry said quickly, ignoring the scared feeling in his stomach.

“Are you sure Harry?” Severus asked carefully.

“Yes,” Harry answered before making his way into the loo.

Harry was aware of his father’s eyes on him as he made his way to the door. He took a deep breath before walking in and groaned. It was a long line and they only had urinals, all of the stalls were out of order. As he stood in line, someone pushed him from behind and his frame shook. He couldn’t do this, what the hell was he thinking? He needed Snape; Harry quickly got out of line and made his way to the exit.

Severus was watching the door carefully, making note of everyone who entered in after Harry. He wasn’t at ease in the slightest and he breathed a sigh of relief when he saw him emerge from the toilet, until he realized that it was to short of time for him to have gone.

“Did you go Harry?” Severus asked quietly.

“I thought I had to go, but I couldn’t,” Harry said partly true as he took his seat.

“What do you mean?” Severus asked confused.

“I tried to go, but nothing came out,” Harry said softly.

“Oh I understand Harry, it was a false alarm then,” Severus said knowingly as their food came.

Harry nodded before digging into his food, pushing his bladder to the back of his brain as he ate lunch. He enjoyed his juice and even the taste of Snape’s butterbeer. As he finished his food he was reminded almost instantly when he stood up and crossed his legs. He glanced back at the toilet but shook his head and quickly followed Snape. As they paid for their food, Snape led the way to the bookstore.

“Did you bring your list Harry?” Severus ask, not needing but knowing Harry liked feeling like he could get his own things.

“It’s here,” Harry replied shifting his feet as he held up the paper.

“Alright let’s go get them,” Severus said leading the way.

“Can we visit the Quidditch shop after?” Harry asked quietly.

“Of course, you’ve been good today,” Severus replied as they started down the aisles.

Harry smiled happily as they started looking for the books; his bladder was constantly on his mind at the moment and he found himself dancing to hold it all back. As he grabbed his Transfiguration book, he turned around to hand it to Snape only to find the man gone.

“Dad, where are you?” Harry called, turning into a whole circle in case the man was behind him.

He sighed, not knowing what to do, but he had read that if you get lost it was better to stay in one place then to move. Even though he was in the bookstore, he stayed where he was. Harry whimpered before grabbing his crotch tightly as a wave of desperation nearly overcame him. He looked around with frightened eyes not wanting to wet his trousers in the store, even though no one would recognize him due to the glamour.

“Harry child do you need the loo?” Severus asked, coming from around the corner with a potions book.

“Where did you go?” Harry asked his hand not moving from its position as he turned to look at the man.

“To get your potions book, and a few things I needed. Harry you didn’t answer my question; did you need the loo?” Severus asked again.

“Yes.” Harry replied honestly. “I thought you left me,” Harry said softly.

“I would never do that child; let’s go pay for this so I can take you to the loo.” Severus said having already grabbed the other books as they headed to the front of the store.

“I gotta go badly,” Harry whimpered.

“Just hold on for a moment Harry while I pay for this,” Severus replied as they stacked the books on the counter.

Harry nodded and bounced up and down as he waited for Snape to finish. He moaned and stilled when he felt a leak escape his tight grip and tears sprung into his eyes.

“It’s coming out Daddy,” Harry said softly.

“Hold it,” Severus said firmly as he waited for the shop clerk to ring up their items. He had noticed that the clerk was going fairly fast, so he could only assumed that he saw their dilemma.

Harry bent his legs together before bending over at the waist. He looked around for a moment trying to see if there was a toilet in here but couldn’t see any from where he was.

“Daddy,” Harry cried tearfully as he more or less marched in pace.

“One second,” Severus said grabbing the bag of books as he waited for his change.

“Please hurry,” Harry pleaded frantically.

Severus grabbed his change and shrunk the bag quickly before taking Harry’s hand and walking out the store. Well he noticed that Harry had more of bent over shuffled walk going on.

“We’re going back to the Leaky Cauldron. Did you want me to carry you?” Severus asked never slowing their pace down.

Harry nodded before sniffling as he looked up at his father’s dark gaze.

Severus gently lifted Harry up and walked quicker towards the pub. He could feel Harry squirming a lot in his arms and he hoped that he would make it in time.

“Almost there Harry, just hold on 3 more minutes or so,” Severus said as he neared the pub.

Harry mumbled into his dad’s shoulder unable to keep still for a moment. He closed his eyes tight and stiffened as he lost a 2 second spurt but it felt like a lot more to him.

“Daddy, I’m leaking,” Harry whispered fearfully. He was afraid Snape was gonna drop him because Harry was technically peeing on him.

“Just a few more minutes,” Severus said sighing in relief as he opened the door to the restaurant which had gotten a bit fuller due to the lunch hour.

Severus maneuvered his way around the crowd as he made his way towards the loo. He stopped just outside the door when he realized that the line for the toilet started there. He frowned before looking at Harry.

“The line is too long; do you wanna just floo home?” Severus asked.

“But I thought we were gonna visit the Quidditch shop?” Harry asked, through his desperation you could hear disappointment in his tone.

Severus smirked; leave it to Harry to be worried about the Quidditch store in his desperation.

"We will floo back I promise," Severus replied quickly.

"Then let’s go home," Harry whimpered as he lost a 3 second spurt. He froze in his father’s arm unsure if the man had felt it. He could feel it dripping down his legs and he grimaced at the warm wetness.

Severus resisted the urge to give the warning like he did earlier this summer. He didn’t want pee on him but he knew that Harry was obviously losing control and he didn’t wanna make him feel worse than how he already felt. He grimaced slightly before school his face to blank, refusing to think on what the wetness on his arm was. Placing the galleons in the cup he grabbed the floo powder and disappeared in the flames. He landed effortlessly in the sitting room of the manor where he immediately started making his way to the closest toilet.

“Put me down Dad,” Harry whimpered in his father’s shoulder as his bladder contracted from the sudden shock of them landing in the house.

“We are almost there child,” Severus said quickening his pace as he headed for the downstairs loo.

“It’s no use Daddy, please let me down,” Harry said choking on a sob as his bladder released itself.

Severus stopped suddenly when he felt Harry completely relax in his arms and a moment later the splattering sound of liquid hitting the floor was heard. He sighed softly as he held his wetting child as he waited for him to finish.

Harry bawled into the man’s shoulder unable to stop the flow. That wasn’t the most humiliating part; he had just wet himself while his father was holding him. What would Snape think of him now? Would he have regrets for keeping him? Harry shuddered twice as his bladder slowly emptied itself. Though he was afraid he was so very relieved.

Severus waiting until the only sound was little dripping noises and he assumed Harry was done.

“Harry child, did you want a bath?” Severus asked quietly.

Nodding into the shoulder that was hiding his shameful face Harry couldn’t make himself verbally answer the man. He didn’t even care about going back to Diagon Alley, what was the Effing point?

Severus nodded before taking out his wand and cleaning up themselves and the puddle on the floor before making his way upstairs to give his child a bath.

