YUkari's Life 3

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-05-13 03:05

%http://animepee.me/topic/1485-yukaris-life-2/

This thread goes back to the middle posts. There is a link there to go back to the begging chapters as well.

This thread will start with Chapter 11

Warning:

14 year old girl:

Wet pants, wet diapers, Strange dreams, romance between 10 year old and 14 year old, Bullying, light abuse, Science Fiction problems that create the wetting problems in the girl.

Read if you like these things. You might enjoy it. Don't read if you don't like sadness, wetting, desperation, diapers, or toileting problems in a 14 year old girl.

The beginning phase of the story is nearing it's end, and the real plot will begin to develop in a few chapters.

Now...

Chapter 11: Nightmares

Chapter 11.doc

Chapter 11.pdf

*001*2011-05-15 10:26

Chapter Twelve:

The story continues.

Watch the transition coming up in Chapter 13 and 14...

The Science Fiction about to be kicked into high gear (bordering fantasy).

If you are following the story, then enjoy.

Chapter 12.doc

Chapter 12.pdf

7

Chapter 12

The Rest of the Story

Frank led Tommy to his office off from the living room. It had been the first time he had ever been allowed in there with Frank’s knowledge. He would have been interested in some of the office things, normally, but Frank closed the door and then offered him a seat.

“Yukari confides in you, doesn’t she?” he whispered.

Tommy nodded.

“You know something about her dreams, then?”

Tommy nodded.

Frank waited for Tommy to collect himself, watching him carefully. He wanted to see if Tommy knew any more about it than he did.

In the kitchen, Vicky mumbled to herself as she continued working on the dinner. It was supposed to be Yukari’s job to be making dinner that night, here she was getting out of it. Vicky mumbled at herself. She recognized it had been her fault that Yukari had gotten out of it, because she had tried to get Yukari in trouble for her unmade bed and the forgotten computer that was on.

Sheila finished putting the diaper on Yukari along with a nightshirt, taking the soiled clothing with her. She had Yukari stand up while she took the wet bedding with the wet clothes.

Not more than a few minutes later, she returned with some towels to blot out the liquid that would come up, a couple more towels to lay on the bed under the clean sheets, and then some new bedding.

Once the bed was prepared again, Yukari was gently guided back to it to lie down.

“You are not in trouble,” Sheila told Yukari. “I think you already learned not to go into Vicky’s room, so you don’t have to stay in bed, but if you want to relax, you are more than welcome to.”

Yukari nodded.

“I’m going to check on Vicky to make sure the dinner is ready soon. When it’s finished, we’ll send Tommy back to get you.”

Yukari nodded.

Sheila walked towards the bedroom door, took on last look at the girl lying on the bed, her diaper exposed because she hadn’t crawled under the blankets, then walked on towards the kitchen.

“Yukari wakes up in the night, sweating and crying sometimes,” Tommy told Frank. “She is always looking around for something that isn’t there, and often says ‘it’s not me’ as she wakes up.”

“How often does she have these dreams?”

“I don’t know, but sometimes it feels like every night,” Tommy looked sincerely in Frank’s eyes.

“Does she talk to you about what was in the dreams?”

“Sometimes.” Tommy looked away from Frank thinking, and when he looked back, he started the story. “She says that something happened to her mother. The dreams, whatever they mean, have something to do with her mother.”

Frank’s eyes narrowed as his suspicions seemed to be confirmed. He tried to smile for Tommy’s sake, but the effect scared Tommy, and he almost seemed to back away from Frank.

“You can go watch TV,” Frank softly dismissed him.

Yukari sat up, climbed out of bed, and walked slowly to the bedroom door. She looked down the short hallway to the living room, hoping she really wouldn’t be yelled at for being out of bed.

She quietly walked into the living room, her night shirt carefully covering her stomach and back and down to the middle of her diaper. The television was turned on to some comics with Tommy watching. Vicky was in the kitchen still helping Sheila finish up dinner. Frank was most likely still in his office, probably writing something about Yukari in a report or contacting his office through email.

Once the table was set, Vicky looking quite hassled and put upon, Sheila called the other two kids to eat. She then walked down the steps into the depressed living room, around the corner and to Frank’s office door.

She knocked and peeked into the office.

“I’m letting the kids eat now. Are you going to join us?”

“I will in a second,” Frank replied. “I have to finish what I know before I forget. It seems that Tommy knows a bit more about Yukari than any of us.”

Sheila opened the door more fully. “I thought I asked you not to get Tommy or Vicky involved.”

“Sheila, I wouldn’t have, but in case you missed it, Tommy knew more about the reasons for Yukari’s nightmares than we did.”

“Fine. I saw that. But he’s only ten years old, Frank. He shouldn’t be expected to make the connections that something is wrong with the girl.”

“He is doing that on his own,” Frank whispered back. “I only asked him what Yukari has shared with him. He told me what he knew, and it is a lot more than I or the people at the medical center that are researching her problem knows.”

Sheila looked down. “I still don’t want you asking Tommy about it anymore.”

Frank sighed. “As you wish.”

He finished his report, as he had been typing as he talked to Sheila, having been trained to record data while talking to others, and he stood up and walked towards the office door where she stood.

“I promise not to ask the boy about her anymore,” Frank promised.

Sheila smiled.

At the table, Yukari picked at her food somewhat upset and feeling too depressed to eat. Tommy looked over at her with concern. He knew here well. Vicky ate giving Yukari evil looks because she was still angry at having had to prepare the dinner.

Sheila finally came back to the table, and sat down at her regular place as the children were half way though eating. Only Yukari’s plate remained nearly full.

“Aren’t you hungry?” Sheila asked Yukari giving her a small smile.

“No. I don’t hungry. I just a ritaru don’t feeru good.”

“Do you want to relax in the living room, or the bedroom?”

“Wait, is she getting out the dishes, too?” Vicky complained.

Sheila looked over at her with a look that quickly shut her up. “If you don’t want to do them, then you best just stuff it,” Sheila reprimanded her daughter. “Yukari doesn’t seem to be feeling well today.”

“She…” Vicky looked down as her mother continued giving the evil eye, and she gave up. She finished eating and just sat there waiting for her mom to tell her if she had gone too far or not.

“Got watch TV before I decide I need some help,” Sheila said softly to Vicky. “And take Yukari and Tommy with you.”

Vicky walked quietly into the living room without another word. Yukari and Tommy followed just as Frank came out of his study finally.

Frank went into the kitchen to eat, and while he and Sheila talked, the kids watched Television.

Yukari remembered being taken to bed by someone that didn’t exist in her current life, and she sat up in her room, the mattress on the floor beneath her feeling comfortable and soft, and the lights dimmed just enough to sleep, but bright enough that she could see that the monster wasn’t there.

She sat up on her futon and looked up at the ticking large clock across the room. It was still very early in the morning. She wouldn’t have to be up for school for another two hours. She lie back resting her eyes.

An hour passed, and she sat up again. The clock was ticking painfully slow, while Yukari sighed. The room was strangely familiar, but then she remembered a horrible thought and pulled back the blankets, a sigh of relief escaping her lips as she realized that she was still wearing big girl panties to bed and not baby diapers.

Yukari shrugged and decided to stand up and start getting ready for school. She went to her hanging school uniform, a blouse and skirt with a long neck tie to start getting ready.

As Yukari donned the white blouse, fixed the tie, and started to pull up the skirt, she felt somewhere in another world, that she lived in a tortured life. She seemed to see in the mirror, and slightly different face, with longer hair and a different bedroom that was shared with she and a boy. She looked behind her to confirm that it was truly the bedroom that she belonged in.

Across the room, she saw the futon still on the floor, and yet, she also saw herself sleeping in the futon. She looked closer, and yes, Yukari was still asleep. She was dreaming again.

Yukari raised her eyebrows in an attempt to force her real eyes open, but they wouldn’t open. She walked, without thinking, towards the sleeping girl in the futon.

The girl in the futon turned in her sleep, revealing a pair of wet green panties and a wet bed. Yukari looked a bit closer, and she realized that the girl was not only wet, but something was slipping out of her bottom, into her panties, that could be nothing other than…

Yukari sat up in bed, next to Tommy, unsure of how she had gotten there, or when she had been put to bed. Her diaper was soaked in pee again, and she knew that she had seen something new about her mother’s condition, but just as quickly, she had forgotten exactly what she had seen.

Pulling her blankets with her as she sat up, Tommy was uncovered, and therefore automatically awakened as well.

“Are you okay?” he asked Yukari.

“I have to write it,” Yukari climbed out of bed and went to Tommy’s desk where he had allowed her to keep her dream diary.

Tommy watched as she turned on the desk lamp and started to write about her dream. He saw the diaper’s discovered bottom and he knew that she was wet again.

Tommy looked over at the small clock, noting it was only 12:30. It was way too early to be up and awake, and he lie back down satisfied that Yukari wasn’t upset, and fell back to sleep.

Yukari wrote in the diary.

October 16, 12:31 a.m. It is a dream. This dream different that don’t scared of monster, and also saw different me and a mother. It is mirror to see between two places in one time, and then back to a mother’s bed, I see her, and she is sleeping in wet panties. Something started to happen to her, but before can know what was going to happen, it is wake me, and I wake up wet a panties.

Yukari read her diary over, and thought if there was anything else she could say about it. She could mention having put on the school uniform, but then, as she looked back at the last part of the dream, she realized that she didn’t see herself at all, but only saw from her position, somehow moving closer to see what her mother was doing.

Yukari sighed.

She closed the diary and quietly slipped herself back across the room and carefully into bed trying to let Tommy sleep on.

The next morning, Yukari woke up and stretched as Tommy climbed out of bed.

She got ready for school as usual, this morning wearing blue jeans and a blue pull over buttonless shirt. As usual, Yukari took the bus to school. She didn’t look at anyone, but just sat near the front of the bus and made it to school without any problems.

It was getting harder for her to hide her problems. As it was, nearly everyone at school knew that she had hit Roxy hard in the gut, and still Roxy had not gotten even with her, and they already knew that she seemed to have more trouble that the other students in sitting through third or fifth periods in dry pants.

Yukari met Lily at the entrance to the school building.

“Did you ask if you could visit me today?” she asked.

“Yeah. Sheila said I could come over as long as I came back home by six.”

“Great.”

Yukari headed off to P.E. and Lily headed off to her first class after a quick hug. Many of the other students were giving her a wide berth after what had happened to Roxy, but Roxy was not finished with her.

In the P.E. locker room, Yukari changed her clothes as usual revealing pink panties which made several girls there blush because they were watching to see what would be under her jeans. Perhaps, someone was spreading that she was in diapers again.

Yukari shrugged and put on her P.E. outfit without worrying about why the other girls were watching her behind. If they really had nothing better to do than to confirm that she indeed was a teenager that wore panties rather than diapers, then they are the ones with a serious problem, and they should grow up.

Roxy came in a bit later than the rest of the girls and saw Yukari standing there already dressed.

Yukari smiled up at her.

“Smile now,” Roxy warned her. “But your days are numbered. You hit me hard, and you embarrassed me, and no one gets away with that.”

“Whatever,” Yukari said back stressing the ending r to show that she could say it right if she wanted to.

“What do you mean, Whatever,” Roxy stepped up to be in Yukari’s face. There was something strange about Yukari, and Roxy felt it, but she really didn’t want to back down.

“I mean, you don’t can hurt me moah. I know you can hurt now.”

“Well, don’t get too cocky,” Roxy sneered. “You haven’t won yet.”

Yukari walked past Roxy out to the gym class taking her place and waiting for the teacher to start the lesson.

Yukari felt something wrong with her stomach, and she looked around at the students in the gym, but no one seemed to think about her or look at her.

Yukari felt light headed, and she could almost see herself in a dream again, but the difference was that her eyes were wide open, and she could see the gym as well.

Inside one place, Yukari saw herself opening her locker. Some pills, a diaper, and a pair of boy’s underpants fell out of the locker in the locker room.

That reality was dismissed as Yukari looked around the gym and saw the teacher starting the warm up exercises. She felt her boy going with the exercise, but she also several students pointing at the diaper and the boy’s underpants that fell from her locker.

Tears formed in her eyes, both in the daydream that was still very faded, and in the gym in front of everyone. Her stomach suddenly hurt, and she felt upset by something that couldn’t be happening.

Yukari squatted on the gym floor holding her stomach, and the P.E. teacher came to sit next to her while other students were still warming up.

“Are you okay?” he asked her.

“I feeru sick,” Yukari complained holding her stomach.

“Come to my office then while everyone is running laps. I’ll let you go see the nurse.”

Yukari nodded.

Yukari pulled out her street clothes from her locker, glad to see that it had all been a nightmare—during the day. There were no “bad” things in there, but she still felt sick to her stomach.

Yukari walked down the empty halls to the nurse’s office, and opened the door to find no one actually waiting there this time. The nurse was sitting at her desk reading a book when she entered.

“Yukari,” she sighed as she saw the girl expecting the usual.

Yukari came the rest of the way in holding her stomach.

“What is it?” the nurse finally noticed her unusual behavior.

“I don’t feeru good,” Yukari groaned.

“Go lie down, and I’ll be there in a minute. Are you wet?”

Yukari shook her head.

The pink Saint Bernard sized brain matter on four stout legs was running after the young teenager. She ran up a hill and behind some boulders.

The creature approached the crest of the hill slowly, it’s pink tubes touching the ground in front of it, and lightning like flashes traversing from the front of the leather-like flesh down to the legs and around to different sides and the back of the creature.

Yukari peeked up over the boulder she was hiding from, and saw the creature touching the ground here and there with its pink feelers. She turned back so her back was to the rock, and slid down to a sitting position, scratching her back against the rock.

She felt the back of her pants rip, but she didn’t care. What concerned her was out there, just beyond her rock, searching for her.

The massive abomination walked towards the rock slowly, each step seemed to sink about an inch into the firm frozen ground.

Yukari peek around the side of the boulder at it again to make sure of where it was going. It was headed her way. She collected herself, and crawled away from the first rock towards another rock a few feet away.

Suddenly, she felt it first, a sudden chill in her spine that something had changed, and then the sudden presence of something overhead caused her to look up to see the creature falling towards her, it’s feet spread out equally under it, as though it had jumped.

Yukari instinctively turned to her back and prepared to meet the monster with her feet in position to kick the monster away.

As the monster landed, its body low enough to feel her powerful thrusts made by pushing both feet up at the same time nearly lifting her mid-back into the air, but didn’t seem to affect the creature in the least.

It quickly positioned itself so that it stood over her face, the hind legs were on either side of her right leg, a claw dug into the pant leg and through the frozen ground. The front legs were resting heavily on her shoulders, one claw pinning her blouse to the ground just over her shoulder scratching it.

Yukari tried to squirm out from under the creature ripping her shirt and tearing her pant leg as well as lengthening the rip in back of her pants which made them now feel loose against her.

The creature readjusted, grasping a claw through the blouse on her left side tearing some of her flesh as it penetrated the ground, and it moved its other forefoot to rest on top of her shoulder, a claw scratching her neck.

Tears came from the girls’ eyes. She squirmed and twisted only adding the tearing of her clothes, but the creature had her where it wanted her now. The pink feelers slithered over her face leaving a substance over her face that felt like Vaseline.

Two of the feelers moved down under its body towards the stomach of the girl, feeling for something that it didn’t find in her head with the first two feelers.

A sound filled Yukari’s head much like an irritating scream that wouldn’t stop. The scream was irritating enough to hurt her head and she found herself unable to, but wanting to cover her ears.

Yukari screamed, kicked, and pushed against the monster with all she could, but it didn’t move. The pink feelers examining her head slid over her face and her hair, and her neck and down her blouse, reaching inside it through the neckline, and rubbing over her bra and her stomach.

The pink feelers that had gone lower, were not touching the hips of her jeans which were still on her, and reaching up under the tail-end of her shirt, but still finding not what it wanted.

The screaming in her head intensified and Yukari’s eyes began to close, a sudden wooziness overcoming her. Her body stopped struggling. She lay there, motionless, and the monster kept probing for what it was looking for.

Yellow liquid started to darken her pants, and spread around her on the ground. She could still make out the monster, but her fight had left her. She could only lay there and witness it happen.

A feeler moved behind her back, and found the rip in her pants. It exploited this opening, and it pushed itself between her pants and her back, and then between her panties and her bottom. It found what it was looking for. It found the way in.

Yukari winced as she felt the pain of something invading her bottom, not her girlhood or anywhere near her front, but her bottom.

It felt like she was pooping in reverse. She could feel it going up into her opening just enough, then she felt her stomach receiving some kind of bloated air or fluid stuff from the tube that went into her bottom. She instinctively tried to poop to push it back out, but it didn’t seem to want to push out.

She pushed with all her might, the muscles contracting and trying to reject the tube inside her.

Finally, the tube started to withdraw. Yukari was encouraged by this and pushed harder to try to get it out sooner, causing the real mess in her bowels to come out with it.

Yukari lie in her mess as the creature finally relaxed its hold on her. It withdrew its tentacles and wandered off into the mountains to disappear.

Yukari felt it was too much, and she closed her eyes, shivering in the cold.

Two hours later, Yukari was being awakened, her jeans soaked in urine, Frank gently shaking her awake. Yukari looked up at him, her body too exhausted to feel the shame that she should.

Frank smiled down at her, walked out of the cubical a moment, and came back with a pair of sweats that were purple and without a diaper.

“Just get those things off you so no one will see you like that,” Frank whispered to her.

“No diapah?” Yukari asked her eyes as wide as exhausted eyes could open.

“No diaper,” Frank reassured her. “I’ll wait outside the cubical while you change into the sweats.”

Yukari walked out to the car, her head leaning against Frank’s side as he held her close helping her. Her face was still quite flushed, and her stomach still made churning motions within.

As the car pulled into the drive, Yukari started to drift back into oblivion, her face so hot and blushed that no one could miss her fever.

Frank opened the car door at her side and lifted her from the car. The girl was so light that he hardly felt like he was carrying a teenager.

*002*2011-05-16 01:48

Chapter 13

Tommy and Yukari are getting a bit close

Yukari's nightmare has changed.

The transitions to the main story are already developing

Contains girl 14 years old:

- wearing diapers, changed by a ten year old, nightmares, developing plots outside of omorashi

Please enjoy it if you are interested to see where the story is going.

Chapter 13.doc

Chapter 13.pdf

*003*2011-05-16 08:28

14 year old

Diapered for bedtime

Nightmares

Science Fiction

Pooping a diaper

Chapter 14.doc

Chapter 14.pdf

*004*2011-05-16 08:36

I am sorry to say I have found several typos in the beginning chapters. While I am not ready to go back and edit them yet, I do hope that the entire story is not too hard to follow because of a few (serious) mistakes which might have made the first few chapters a bit confusing. Though I am constantly checking and trying to make the computer recheck certain words, the silly Microsoft grammar and spell check will not stop self correct the words to the things it thinks it should be, and the Japanese computer seems to be lending it's paw in conspiracy to 'bug' my story.

Though this is true, there are some human errors in the beginning as well. IN chapter one, it is Thursday, not Friday, just so that those reading are clear as the day of the week as you approach chapter four and five and realize that it seemed like it was Friday only to find that she is back at school the next day.

Any other misleading or difficult to follow points that can be pointed out to me would be greatly appreciated for my revision writing of the story at a later time.

I hope you have enjoyed the story thus far, and I will be taking the story a bit further out of the logical mind, but still hopefully, it makes some sense as the dreams and the reality begin to intermix, and you find out why she is, who she is.

Welcome to my story.

*005*2011-05-18 07:02

Collected into one story... to Chapter fifteen.

Follow the story of a young fourteen year old who is managing with some problems far greater than any other teen has yet had to face. Extreme adult content. Multiple omorashi scenes including pee and poop and bullying by school peers, care takers, and even something beyond the scope of human imagination.

(Okay, so I built up the story a bit)

If you've been following Yukari's story aready, then you know that this is just the story from chapter 1 to chapter 15 all collected together. The best part of this story, is that it is more than just a scene of wetting and sexual display. It has a background story that makes readying each chapter as intellectually stimulating as it is omorashi arousing (I hope). I know it still needs some work, but anyway... I am on my way to write something like a novel here.

Have fun being stimulated by the on going story of a girl with a unique problem.

%part 1.doc

This may be the last chapter I write here for this story. With a few modifications, I may be looking for a publisher soon. I realize it has many flaws, and I don't look for anything encouraging here because though a few people have said a few things, I just don't have a big enough audience to test the story on.

I may write something later for this though. I do like the site.

*007*2011-05-18 12:19

{{:

Last chapter for us?

That would be so sad :(

I really like the general plot and the last few chapters are getting pretty interesting.

Now, as you ask for other remarks, here are mine.

I had no problem following the story and understanding what was going on. I didn't even notice the thursday/friday confusion.

I think the information you give and the pace of the story are well balanced and they keep the reader waiting for the next chapter.

While I like your style and the feelings you manage to render in your writing, I do have some objections.

It looks like you write pretty fast and it was a pleasure to have such frequent updates but I must admit I felt like the last chapters were a little bit rushed.

I noticed more typos as the chapters passed and the descriptions (of the wettings for instance) seem to become less relevant and pretty repetitive. I like the descriptions of her dreams and the military environment though.

Also, some sentenses seem to have a quite 'heavy' construction.

The creature approached the crest of the hill slowly, it’s pink tubes touching the ground in front of it, and lightning like flashes traversing from the front of the leather-like flesh down to the legs and around to different sides and the back of the creature.

I understand the picture you draw, but I had to read the sentence several times to do so. It may be due to the fact that I'm not a native speaker and other won't have a problem with it but I still feel this sentence could have been written better, maybe in two sentences.

Also, examples of grammar mistakes and incoherences. 'it's pink tubes' should be 'its...'; 'lightning like flashes' should be 'lightning-like' (you wrote 'leather-like' properly a few words further). There is a handfull of sentences like this one that deserve your attentive proofreading and editing.

I also noticed some ungracefull repetitions (again, more and more as the chapters passed):

“You better. I know this is scary for you, but it’s important that you understand how important this research is as well as keeping others from panicking until we understand the full nature of what we are up against.” (ch15)

The repetition of 'important' really bugs me, the 'understand' a bit less but still...

Could have been: I know this is scary for you, but you really have to understand how important this research is, as well as keeping others from panicking until we comprehend the full nature of what we are up against

Tip: use a synonyms dictionary.

Last thing, I also feel this story didn't get as much attention as it deserves. Now, this is very personal, as I don't expect everybody to like what I like. I think this story adresses a very specific audience and you treat different subjets that might shock certain people. Don't get it wrong, I'm not saying you should change that, just keep in mind that it may be a reason for the lack of attention (and comments) to your work.

Anyway, if you want to find a publisher, I really hope you will. Be prepared for serious editing and facing questions about the story's contents.

And keep up the good work.

}}

Thank you.

I know that I didn't proofread the last few chapters as I was just getting them on paper.

I am now going through the whole thing and reviewing what is needed, and what to rewrite though most would not want to reread everything so I don't think re-posting would be a good idea here.

I will keep my eyes out for repetitive language and for grammar mistakes. I'm quite sure that those things like It's and Its were typos either because my silly computer keeps wanting to change it to one thing and I keep telling to change it back, or because I get typing too fast and miss something. I've seen it happen both ways, so I am to blame for at least half of the mistakes.

I am going to have to de-focus the writing to the wetting stuff if I'm to publish it, because most readers wouldn't want detailed writing about that stuff. Also, I'd imagine it pretty improbable to find a publisher who wasn't a sex-hentai-style place, and I'm really not intending this story to just be about hentai or omorashi in the end. That is one of the reasons I don't think my story belongs here anymore. I tried too hard to focus on the omorashi... and though there are points in the story where it's important to the story, it isn't the main plot of the story as would be seen in later chapters.

I'm glad you enjoyed reading the story, and I may post some situations related to the story from time to time, but I don't think most people come here to read Science Fiction (dry). :D

Again thanks for your support of my writing and pointing out some of my mistakes so I can be sure to look into them when I revise. I may even make a dedication to you for your helpful advice if the book does sell somewhere. :D

But everyone, please realize, that if I do publish, then so can many of you, if you just take the chance, and if I can't, the I'd still encourage many of you to do so as there are a lot of stories a lot better than mine here.

