Pokemon Omorashi Short - Page 3

Author: Alexxx

*050*2016-03-01 02:57

Fun fact time!

I would've called it 'Pokemon Omorashi 2', but Josh's story (or, 'Through Changing Eyes', if you're a super hipster~) actually was the second! The first was just a small story about Josh and Static, which later became the original :3. In my personal files, instead of 'Pokemon Omorashi', all 200 pages are actually labeled 'Pokemon Omorashi 2'.

Also, I don't plan on Volt and Chase's stories' to be a successor to Josh's. Rather, this will follow several trainers and their Pokemon through various stages of their lives. Within a few chapters, we'll move on to a different set of characters, and let our current protagonists simmer in the background for a bit.

Never fear though, we'll return soon, only with more memories :3.

As a side note, you can totally vote on characters you want to see next on my Patreon, which also- *gets pulled away by the sellout police*

$$

$$

$$

$$

*054*2016-03-01 13:22

{{:

But can we assume that they happen around the same time? (E.g. Josh's scenario is around the same time as chase's)

@Lugia yeah, there was, but it was a male, and the trainer was named Ethan, so.

}}

Yes. :3

Josh and company are currently trapped in a cave while Chase and the others are enjoying their mixed drinks.

Also, nice memory Guest!

*058*2016-03-05 15:05

{{:

Basically me when I first found it.

Alexxx: You mentioned a one-shot with Josh and Static? Was that part of the Epic, or did that come before? I don't think I've ever actually read it.

}}

It was essentially the first three chapters, before I re-wrote them, found myself the most patient and understanding of editors (she reads this), and got serious about the story.

There have been a few deleted scenes (What happened to the Squirtle from daycare, more about Skarr's former Ditto lover), but I'll polish those and save them for a rainy day :3.

###

### Wiggly ---

The Battle Frontier.

Truly the best place on earth. On warm days there was a breeze, and on cooler days, the sun shone brightly in the sky. It never rained, and every day felt like a brand new promise of adventure.

It was no wonder humans settled here, building their monuments buildings that kissed the sky, and sliced the clouds. It was the perfect union of sea and land, and wind and earth. A true heaven.

And, of course, I was teleported away into some musty old cave.

[You didn’t let me pee first, you SATIST!] I shouted, my outraged cries echoing both in thought and force inside the cavern.

[You realize that it makes it harder to understand you when you’re speaking, right? All I hear is Wiggly Wiggly, Tuff! Tuff!]

Sandy waved at Josh, who gave her a look of absolute bewilderment.

I growled. [Can’t you warn me about these things before you do them!? What if I wanted to stay behind?]

[because you don’t have rights.] Sandy smirked. [According to the combined Johto, Kanto, and Sinnoh jurisdiction, since you have willingly agreed to be my Pokemon, you’re technically my property.]

[bullshit! I have rights!]

[Well, I don’t disagree with you. I’m just following the law.]

I fumed, trembling with my little paws.

[sandy!?] The red-headed trainer bawked. He looked her up and down, squinting in disbelief. [How-?]

[Teleportation. Did you expect anything less?]

Sandy went to hug whatever-his-name, but he flinched, and moved away. [How do I know it’s really you?]

[What?]

[What if you’re an illusion, or some type of twisted, fallen deity?]

Sandy shot him a look.

[Look.] Josh raised his hands defensively. [We’re in exploration mode, exploring a magical tomb, and you just teleported here, using a power I’ve never seen you use before. I’m not saying you’re a demon-]

[You think I’m a demon.] Sandy deadpanned.

[-but, erring on the side of caution, prove to us that you’re the real Sandy. Something only you could say.]

I bounced in place, accidentally jolting my poor bladder further. [saaan-dy! I have to pee!]

Sandy smacked her hand against her forehead.

Josh frowned. [Everyone knows that. If you could read my mind-]

[Like a demon…] She interrupted

[You would know that. You need to say something that’s totally you, that couldn’t be my own mind’s reinterpretation of-]

[Your bread tastes like unseasoned dough.]

Josh shrunk back. [What?]

[Your dough.] Sandy returned, advancing, and poking Josh in the chest. [The bread you made me after I was upset. I love you, and I love the notion of you making me homemade bread, but it tasted like warm nothing. Like tasting hot air.]

[Hot. Nothingless. Voids.] She booped Josh in the nose, driving her point home. [Convinced, you paranoid, sexy lunatic?]

[saaaandy!] I whined louder.

[For god sakes, Wiggly!] Sandy whirled around. [You’re a Pokemon! There are huge boulders all around us! Go nuts! Try to write your name or something.]

I pouted, swelling myself to almost double my normal size. [You know I haven’t gone outside in years!]

Static blushed, a shy grin crossing his face. [Well, actually-]

[You punched me in the tummy while we were battling! That doesn’t count, Static!]

Nova blushed. [You did?]

I shot the perverted tiny Charizard a well-deserved glare.

[Here, I can help.] Static offered. [it’s not that hard~.]

Static made an after-you motion with his paw, but Mew blocked his path. [if your tiny rodent mind forgot, this place is considered hallowed by the beings here, who won’t hesitate to eviscerate us – a rather nasty way to go – should we pollute their sacred grounds!]

[if commander buzzkill doesn’t mind, I’ll take my chances.] Static hissed. [Or let me remind you that this ‘tiny rodent mind’ destroyed the Elite Four, wrecked all eight gyms, and helped capture two Ancients, present company included. I’ll take my chances for whatever low-level scum tries to herd together and beat the arguable two best trainers in Kanto.

[Plus, come on man.] Static shot pleading look towards me, then back to Mew. [i need this. Be a bro. And not just because you want to be.]

[is that a shot at my preferred gender?] Mew’s eyes shone white. [i’ll smite you where you stand, you insolent rat!]

[That’s enough, you all!] Josh shouted, standing between Static and Mew.

Mew huffed. [it’s no fault of mine that your primitive language doesn’t yet contain the vernacular for the concept of a gender-neutral entity without resorting to the same pronoun as common objects!]

[Pick a side, ya creep!] Static shot back.

Josh knelt down, and lightly flicked Static’s nose.

[Ow…!] Static’s eyes softened, filling with tears. [W-what was that for?]

[You didn’t listen, and you’re being close-minded.]

Static covered his nose with a paw. [You know I’m s-sensitive there…]

[And I’m making a point. Mew: no smiting mortals, no matter what they do.]

[i’ll consider it.] Mew growled.

Josh pulled Mew’s tail, making him eye level with the now somewhat irate trainer.

[Don’t test me, boy.] Mew hissed, glaring into Josh’s eyes. [i’ve witnessed the creation and destruction of countless worlds. I have seen stars wished into being in an existence of only black, and miracles of life performed upon a slate of nothingness. You are a smote of dust-] Mew spat, [that has had the pleasure and luxury of traveling with a being of my power. A mere fraction of my will-]

Josh continued staring Mew down.

Mew swallowed, and looked towards the ground. [sorry.]

[it’s alright.] Josh scratched Mew’s head lightly. [Now, three points to whomever can figure out a solution to our collective problem without the aforementioned nasty evisceration.]

Nova raised a timid hand.

[Yes, Nova?]

Nova stumbled forward. [Well, I was thinking: where did the Ancients use the bathroom?]

Josh opened his mouth, then closed it, and turned back to Mew. [um?]

Mew shrugged.

[Maybe…they just held it?] Static offered.

[That doesn’t seem physiologically possible.]

[You’re not helping the situation, Wiggly.] Sandy sighed

I danced in place, deflating slightly as I looked into the dark, descending cavern. [No, but really! We can argue what to do for forever, but I reallyreally need to pee! Even if this Ancient whatevers actually gets mad at us for, you know, we’re not going to have an option much longer! Let’s just keep going-] I winced at the word ‘going’, [And hopefully some more options will open up the further we go inside.]

Everyone looked at each other wordlessly.

[Any better ideas?] Josh asked. He was met with silence. [Alright then. Wigglytuff, lead the way!]

I’m going to pee myself in this stupid cave… I thought, trying to waddle forward with my bottom paws slightly crossed.

### Static ---

If there was a heaven, this was it.

Let me tell you, I have no idea why I even felt like this. I wasn’t even into the whole desperation thing before Josh introduced me to it back when he still went to school, but ever since, I couldn’t get enough. We used to do hold-it challenges while he sat in class, with Josh holding himself under the desk while I clutched myself in his backpack. Before I met Wiggly, I used to steal Josh’s phone just to search for pictures of desperate Pikachu, and let me tell you, the internet here in Kanto is a goldmine.

Still, nothing compared to seeing Wigglytuff, my girlfriend, teetering on the edge, walking in front of me, trying her best to keep in in. Personally I didn’t believe in the whole ‘spooky monsters are gonna hurt us if we pee’ thing, but hell, if it kept her desperate, who was I to speak up?

She doubled over for a moment cursing, then scurried ahead.

Skarr used to call me a tubby chaser, ‘Purely in jest I assure you’, and though it always pissed me off, he wasn’t all…wrong. I loved the way she bounced when she walked, and it made me drool the way she inflated a bit whenever she got mad.

Myst called it a loon fetish. I called her a bitch.

[statiiiiic! Stop bumping into me!]

[Oops. Sorry babe.]

Wiggly gave me a frustrated glare, though I wasn’t sure if it was at the word ‘babe’, or the totally accidental bump.

We traveled further inside. It was dark, but with the soft blue mysterious blue light shining against her fur provided all the illumination I needed.

T͝h͟͢͢e̢̧ ͝or̷͘͝i̸̧g̶̨in͞a̷̴t̀͝ion̵̕ ͢o͢͝f̨̀ ̛t̵̸̢h̶̨e̡͘͏ ̶͘par̷̶̵t̡̀i͜t̷͠i̢̕͝o̢n ̸o̢͞f͏͠ ̴t̷̨ho̶u̡͟gh̡́t͘ ͏a҉̨͜n̸̵d̀͞͝ ̸̢be͏i̧͡͡n̴̡͞ǵ̵͏.̵-

My ears perked, and I looked around. Wiggly was likewise startled, and scanned the walls.

[What was that?]

I gave Josh a helpless shrug, still looking around. Mew closed his eyes in concentration.

Ţ͢h͘͡è͘͢ ̷O̵͜n͢e ̕͢o̶̡f͟ ̶̡͝M̧a͘ń̢y͘ ̛͡c̕͢o͢m͢p̀r҉e̷hen̵d̢s͟͡ u͘s̀͞.̧

͟

̢͟W҉o̡ul̕͢d it͝͡ ̸t̸̨h̕ŕ͜͝e͜ą̸tę̵͞n̸ ̢̡tḩ̛è͢ R̀e͝s҉̵t̸e̸d̵͟?̢

̵͟H̵̨͞e̴̡̛ ̡̀͢st̛i͝r̷s͠.̷̧

Josh held his head. [First one to find that ringing and stop it gets to pick tomorrow’s rations.]

Mew turned. [You can’t hear them speak?]

[What?]

Th̨̀͟è̸҉ ̸Ó͜n̛͢è͜ ̷͠W̵h̵̸͡o͞͝ ̶L̨o͢v͜es ͞f҉i̵̷̢r҉̛s͞t̡̛͘.

͞͡

̛Tḩ̨͟é͠ ̷̢Di̧̢s͜c̨o̕͠r̶̀ḑ͘͟a̴n͏t̛̀ ̛͝O̷n͏eş̷?̨̢̀

̶͜

̧T̵̵h̵҉e̵ D̷̸̨r͏́͟a͜g̨͟ò́n̷̵ ͏̡a̸n҉d̶͟͠ ͏͡T̶̵h̸e ̧́F͝a̵͢͢ls̡͜͠e̷͘͠ ̀̕C͏҉ŗ͠͝eą͞ţoŗ͞.

Mew held his head. [They’re…they’re referring to us.]

[Who are they?]

[The sigils.] Mew groaned, wincing in pain.

The ringing grew sharper in my ears, and I covered them with a paw. Wiggly did the same.

K̛҉il̡͢͡l̢ t̡h̢e͟m̴̴.͏

̀͡

͢T̵̢h̴͠e͘i͜͟r҉͝ ̧́b͡͏l̷̨͠ò͢͜ò͟d̕ ̀w͞i͞l̕҉l̡͘͢ ͡p͝o̶͟͝l̵l͏̛u͞t̀e͏͟ ̵̀͘t̴hí̛s g͞ŗo̢̧u̕͢͞ǹd͟?

̀͜͜

D̴͞͝iv̵̸ide҉ ͜͟t̶h̡e͏m̵.͘

Suddenly, the ringing was gone. I pushed myself off the ground, the taste of dirt-musk still on the edge of my tongue.

There was only darkness.

Whatever light supplied the glowing lines across the cavern was dampened, and nothing penetrated the black surrounding me. My nose was useless; still caked with dirt.

[Josh!?] I called out, giving a quick cry alongside it, and hearing it echo across the cavern. I wiped my nose, trying to regain my senses. [Wiggly? Sandy? Nova?]

[static?] A feminine voice answered.

I darted forward in the darkness, crashing into a familiar, warm body. [Wiggly!]

[Don’t squeeze me there!] Wiggly huffed, shoving me away. [Now I can’t even see!]

I couldn’t see her expression, but I assumed she looked less than pleased. […Pass.]

I stood quietly for a moment. [You could totally pee if you wanted.]

[static!]

[s-Static!] Wigglytuff hissed, her bouncy footsteps echoing in the cavern. She gave a quick cry.

[Are you okay?]

“No. It hurts.” She replied, in her familiar jaded speech. “I’m really, really close. I drank way too much. I’m not wet yet, but I’m going to be reallyreally soon if we don’t get back to Sandy!”

“How long do you think you have?”

“I-I don’t know.” She gave a soft whine. “Not long?”

“Have you held it longer before?”

“Once…” Wiggly swallowed. “But I didn’t really make it…”

“What happened?”

I heard Wiggly begin to walk ahead, and I kept up just behind her. “Well…Sandy had been in battles all day because of some stupid holiday thing, and she left me at the daycare, which, since it was sunny, was a mostly outside place, with only one bathroom for humans.”

“Racists.”

“Well, actually they let Pokemon use it, but it was broken at the time since a Nidoqueen tried to use it for laughs.”

“Oh.”

“Anyway, she left me there for seven. Freakin’. Hours.” Wiggly groaned. “She could have just stuffed me in her pokeball, but oh no, I needed to go out more, or make new friends, or whatever, so there I was! Seven hours of paw-crossing, and holding myself pathetically. I actually had to…” She stopped for a moment.

“What?”

“Well, I um, I tried hiding outside and touching myself, because I thought it would distract me.”

Oh my gawwwd this is so hot.

“Did it?” I asked.

“Not really. I couldn’t concentrate.”

“Why didn’t you just pee outside, like everyone else?”

“I’m not a wild Pokemon, Static! I can’t…I just c-can’t do that.”

“So what happened?”

“I just held it, for as long as I could. I did everything I could think of, shifting around, sitting with my paw pressed against myself, until I just hand to hold myself openly until Sandy came. I told her immediately of course-” She stooped suddenly.

“Wiggly?”

“Sorry, I just…I really have to go.” She winced. “Anyway, I told her immediately, and we ran to the nearest restaurant, but it was closed once again due to the stupid holiday. We had to go all the way back to her apartment, two freaking miles, and half-way, I started to, um-”

My eyes were barely adjusting, and I could scarcely see her outline walking painfully in front of me. One of her paws pressed against her groin, while her bottom paws clenched together, pressing against one another as she walked.

“I s-started peeing a little.” She confessed, now rubbing herself slightly. “And I couldn’t stop it. It wasn’t a lot, but I couldn’t walk very fast or more would spill out. The elevator to her room was torture, and I got even more on myself, in between my legs, and a bit on my feet. I didn’t make it to the bathroom before I just p-peed everywhere, all over her floor. I tried to run into the bathroom, but by the time I got there I was pretty much done.” She covered her face with a paw, with the other still holding herself. “It was…super embarrassing.”

I giggled. “That’s super hot.”

Wiggly tensed for a moment, then held herself harder with her paw. “You, Sandy, and the rest are all super weird.”

“Sandy? Did she ever mess around with desperation stuff?”

Wiggly snorted. “Are you kidding? I could write novels about the situations she put herself into. She’s the most masochistic of them all.”

*065*2016-03-08 02:07

{{:

If you've ever played Portal 2, you'll know it's perfectly in-character.

}}

Is this the part where he kills me? <3

*070*2016-03-12 15:25

{{:

I just read this last chapter over, and i havr a theory: is it possible that the voices are unowns? They have a large connection to the ancients, it sounds like there is a lot of them, and they spea in an alternate language seperated into individual letters.

}}

:X *pleads the fifth*

###

### Chasу ###

I had almost forgotten what this was like.

The clenching in my chest, like a fist around my heart. The dread. The bile burning inside my throat, and the thoughts that assured you that, no, you were not going to be okay.

I would lose everything.

I would lose Volt.

I would have to move back in with dad.

Do you remember what he did? When you couldn’t fight back? How he shoved you into that corner? Can you still feel his grip on your wrist as he wrenched your arm backwards? As you begged for him to stop?

That moment when you were at your weakest.

That moment you heard yourself break.

That moment of the purest form of pain.

That moment where-

[Chase!]

My vision blurred back to reality, and I choked back bile. Volt scurried across the tile floor, and hugged my shoulder.

“Wrong bathroom…” I tried to joke, mouth still burning from the acidic taste in my chest.

[Chase…] Volt cooed, squeezing me tighter. [Look at me. It’s going to be okay!]

“It’s not. I’m about to be fired. I’m about-” I returned my attention to the ivory bowl and dry-heaved. “I-I’m…”

[Has it happened yet?]

“No, but-”

[Then stop.] Volt commanded. [Look at me.]

Shakily, I obeyed.

[Just breathe for a second.] Volt whispered, petting the top of my head. [Don’t think. Don’t force yourself not to think, but don’t, like, don’t think what if. Just feel. What do you feel?]

“You rubbing my head?”

[What else?]

“My…throat hurting? Nausea?”

[What else?] She urged.

“…Embarrassed I ran off to the bathroom.”

[Physically. What else?]

“The…feeling of the tile against my knees?”

[What else?]

And we continued. Each time she asked, I challenged myself to find a new sensation. From the tears across my cheeks to the clenching of my fists, I became aware of what I was doing. She described it as awareness therapy.

Because anxiety was only half mental. The other half was how we treated ourselves.

[What else?]

“You.” I smirked, rubbing my hand against her ear.

She smiled. [better?]

“Better. Plus, I have an idea.” I washed my face in the sink, then did the same with my mouth. “Though it’s not a great idea, and won’t really-”

[shhh.] Volt stopped. [What’s the idea?]

“Let’s get back to the table first.”

We returned and took our seats. Kevin sat with his bill signed, giving me a look of concern.

[You okay?]

[As okay as I’ll be.] I nodded. [We’re in serious shit.]

[Apparently.]

[Do you have any plans for the weekend?]

[um, my cousin’s getting married-]

I cut him off with a slice of my hand. [Cancel. Give them your extreme condolences. You’re mine for the weekend.]

Kevin’s face turned red. [b-beg your pardon?]

[We’re going to fix the website this weekend. You and me. I’m going to teach you to code-] Kevin looked as if he would respond, but I shut him down with a strong glare. [-Really code, then we’re going to learn proper file organization, and then we’re going to build a website in less than three days.]

Volt turned to me. [Can you do that?]

[We’re about to find out. Kevin, you’re going to drive us to Jervus’, and we’re going to get the files we need to work off of. Then-]

Kevin yelped. [We’re going to break in and steal confidential company files!?]

[Where was this sense of justice when you forged your resume, then lied about it?]

Kevin swallowed, and shrunk back.

Azalea took his place, pounding the table with both her front paws, and rising herself to meet my eye-level. [Hey! Shut up! Kevin’s really smart!]

[He is.] I responded. [Do you know how smart I think Kevin is? I think he can learn an entirely new skill set in a fraction of a weekend, and then use said skillset to insure that we don’t end up on the street. I think he’s a liar, but I also think he’s smart, and that he’s a hard worker.]

Azalea nodded. Kevin looked to the side, blushing with a mixture of pride and guilt.

I drew everyone in. [Now, here’s the plan. We go to Jervus’ now. We get the files. On our way back, I’m going to call my sister Abby. She’s going to take care of the stuff we need for the weekend. Someone to look after Volt and Azalea, get us food because I’m almost out, and most importantly, caffeine. We’re not sleeping this weekend.]

Kevin swallowed.

[Oh, you’re certified?]

[Yeah.]

[And are you alright with that, Azalea?]

The sniffly Pokemon nodded. [Oh yeah. I’m not great under pressure.]

[same.] I scoffed. [Okay, that’s settled. Return her to her Pokeball, then. We get home, I start working, and I’ll give you,] I pointed to Kevin. [A set of tasks to get started. Let’s go.]

### ooo ---

Jervus Tax Group, Six PM. Fifty-four hours until the end of the weekend, sixty-two if we had to work Monday morning, just before we came in. I swallowed, swiftly unlocking Kevin’s bright blue dinged up car.

Volt trailed by my side, as did Azalea and Kevin.

[Alright. If anyone asks, and no one will, but if anyone does,] I took a breath. [We’re just here to ensure that we backed up everything to the server correctly. I have a terabyte hard drive I have by my desk; we’re going to use that to take all the files, and then leave.]

“…Chase?”

My blood ran cold. With the gaunt of a skeleton, a yellow-hooded individual snuck out from behind a car. An Ekans followed him, mimicking the curve of his spine as he walked, too tall for his own frame.

“God. Travis?”

“And what would you be doing here, old friend?”

He stunk like cigarettes and poor life choices. The last I had seen of Travis was high-school.

I still remembered him selling knives to kids at recess. His haunting shadow blotting out the sun as he held them in front of my face, his deals never exactly sounding optional.

I remember loathing him. I hated everyone who associated themselves with that creep; the way he snuck around corners, and evaded the teaching staff. He knew my feelings too, and snuck ipecac in my drinks, and spread rumors about my sexuality.

I tried not to let it get to me.

I tried to be the better person. To take the high road. I tried to be the person my little sister looked up to, and the person my mother was proud to recommend as a tutor to all the younger kids.

But he was the one that broke me.

And I did something terrible.

And I got him expelled.

The last I knew of him, he was in jail for drug-dealing. He never finished school. Now, here he was – the living ghost of my sins.

“It’s been so long!” Travis grinned, his teeth stained yellow. “Come ‘ere, give me a hug!”

I flinched, shying away. Behind him, his Ekans cackled.

Kevin tapped my shoulder. [That’s the computer guy! From the visual design firm.]

[Virtual design firm.] I corrected, with a trace of venom.

[Right, sorry!]

Travis leaned against Kevin’s car, lighting a cigarette. “What brings you to this shit-hole, shit-hole?”

“I work here.” I growled, moving past.

“Work here? It’s after hours.” Travis purred. “As the head of digital security, I feel the need to inform you that such a trespass would be extremely unsafe. Could you imagine what one worker could do to the servers if they were unsupervised? It would be a massive security risk.”

“I just f-forgot my bag!” Kevin offered.

“Then it’ll be waiting for you when you get back, on Tuesday.” Travis smirked. “Until then-”

“You work in digital security, not physical!”

Travis gave me an interested gaze.

“Are you seriously blocking me from entering?” I raged. “This is my office building! I’ll have you arrested!”

“Is that so?” Travis drew closer, his Ekans close behind. “The average time for a police arrival is two minutes. Poison, however, has a much quicker on-set time. What was it, Violet?”

[One minute seven seconds.] Ekans hissed.

“And that’s for Pokemon. Could you imagine your soft, human flesh?”

Volt trembled with rage, clutching her sides.

“That’s adorable. Does she want to fight?” Travis asked, jutting his cigarette butt in Volt’s direction. “Go ahead, heal her all up. I want to make sure that, when I destroy you, it was all fair-in-square.” Travis looked Kevin up and down. “And look, we even have a witness.”

“I’m not going to fight you.” I growled. “Just let us in.”

“Or what, Chase? You’ll throw up on me? Organize my locker? Clean off my desk?”

My fists clenched at my sides.

“Oh wait.” Travis grinned, pointing towards Volt and me. “You don’t have a license, do you? You’re not even a trainer! I bet that tiny Pikachu of yours can’t even use electricity, can he?”

[She.] Volt spat.

“Sorry; you all look the same to me. Not exactly feminine.” Travis shrugged. Volt only responded with another growl. “Wow, she really can’t shock anyone, can she? Pathetic.”

Kevin walked forward, nose-to-nose with Travis. “Back off.”

“Or what? You want to fight me, faggot?”

Kevin pushed Travis into his car. In a second, Ekans body-slammed Kevin in turn, causing him to go airborne, and crash back on the hard cement.

Kevin cursed, groaning against the ground.

“See? Now, you could press assault charges, and I could say I was just guarding Jervis’ from rogue employees…” Travis began. “…Or, we could just go our separate ways. You could even tend to your boyfriends wounds, back at your place. Start with a sensual massage, work your way up to his dick. You know. Casual.”

“Piiiika!” Volt cursed.

“Right back at you, dude.” Travis grinned. “Go on, get lost.”

I tried to put my arm around Kevin, but he waved me off. “I’m fine…”

“You sure?”

“Yeah…”

With one last expressive gesture with our lengthiest finger, we drove off.

"Damn it!” I whispered, then repeated the curse louder, and louder. “What are we going to do!?”

“That guy is an ass!” Kevin hissed. “He’s lucky I didn’t side-swipe him with my car!”

[What an ass!]

“And the freaking files! How are we going to get them?” I pounded my head against my hands. “God, I guess we could break in at night – he wouldn’t guard them that late, you think?”

“The files!” Kevin exclaimed, giggling like a madman.

“What!?”

“The files! You were pissed at me for the files!”

“What are you talking about?”

“I saved some of the files to my computer, remember? When the network’s memory was full? You were pissed!”

I shook my head. “Those aren’t the only files we need.”

“Right, but, they link to all the OTHER files! We can follow the extensions!”

My face whitened. “Are you serious?”

“Yeah! I’ve done it before.”

“God, Kevin. That’s a huge security risk.”

“Right?” He giggled. “Don’t worry – I’m sure you’ll be there to teach me how to do it better. Call your sister to get the stuff; I’ll drive home and get my laptop. No sleep weekend, here we come!”

### ooo ---

All the files were there.

Client names. Addresses. Social Security numbers. Everything.

I swallowed. “Well, we have our way in, assuming we don’t get arrested first.”

“Don’t get my brother arrested.” Abby ordered, placing an energy drink my Kevin.

“O-okay.”

“Thaaaank you!” I shouted to Abby. “You’re the BEST! I love you, and I value you as a unique and empowered individual, and not just as an entity in which grants me food and occasional beverages.”

She grinned. “Shut up and code, code-monkey.”

“That’s fair.” I slouched, looking back at my screen.

The file extensions were there. Everything we need was there. I pulled up my web design tools, ready to create a clean slate.

Fifty-Three hours.

“Hey Volt, you wanna chill at my house while the boys play with their computers?” Abby offered.

Volt hesitated, turning to me. [Will you be okay?]

I knelt down, and stroked a hand down Volt’s back. “You helped me before, and that was huge. I’ll be honest – I’m probably not going to be okay. This weeked is going to be really hard on me. But, I can do it.” I turned to Kevin. “WE can do it. And we need to focus to make it happen. If something happens and you want to come home though, you can.”

Volt smiled.

“Okay. Have fun with Abby then.”

“We will.” Abby grinned blowing me a kiss. “Don’t kill yourself! Remember to sleep and eat sometimes!”

The door shut. Kevin turned to me, half-way through his first CSS assignment. “Sleep? Does that mean we’ll get to sleep?”

I turned to my blank computer screen, and begrudgingly selected ‘create new hypertext document’.

“No, Kevin,” I sighed, the empty white document staring back. “No it does not.”

