The hunt for love (an interactive fantasy adventure) - Page 6

Author: ExplosiveTurtlez

*125*2014-12-10 02:16

{{:

I would go with gleaming fury. Ninjas generally don't have much armor, and move around a lot. More attacks means we'll probably hit more. Hopefully the holy water will protect us in the event he tries whatever he did to the others on us.

}}

Natillie uses Gleaming flurry!

4+4+4+1(miss)+4+1(miss)+1(miss)+3+1(miss)+66Str=81-15Def=...

69 Damage!

​Rasetsu immediately falls to the floor... His body disintegrates into a black muck...

Natillie:

​*sigh* Fucking doppelgangers... Why does every ninja have to have doppelgangers?!

Keeping your blade tight in your grasp, you ready yourself for whatever attack Rasetsu plans on throwing at you... It is strange though... It's still extremely quiet, and the audience hasn't moved much. In fact not even their expressions have changed. It's like time actually HAS stopped!

Suddenly, you feel a cold grasp tug on your leg! Your face turns to horror when you see black arms pulling you down into an endless pit of black below!!!

Natillie:

S-SHIT!!! WHAT IS THIS?! DARK MAGIC?!?!?!

Natillie

(Frightened)

HP: 160/200 Bladder 89/168

Black Arm Black Arm Black Arm Black Arm Black Arm

HP:??? HP:??? HP:??? HP:??? HP:???

Natillie's turn!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 6 [xp. 44/600]

Stats

HP: 160/200

Strength: 66

Defense: 63

Charisma: 49

Intelligence: 37

Speed: 57

Bladder: 89/150 (In desperate need)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +25 / Speed +17) [xp. 44/400]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 244/300]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +21) [xp. 144/350]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

50 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*130*2014-12-17 22:59

{{:

Also, my comment is a bit late, but a 66% discount form 150 does not make it 100 x.x

}}

You feel that now is an inappropriate time to be thinking this, but a thought comes to you.

Natillie's head:

(Wait a second... When I bought that holy water, he said he'd give me a 66% discount, but he made me pay 100G for it... And this stuff didn't even work! What the fuck?! He scammed me!!! Well... I guess I was in a hurry, so I couldn't really do the math in my head without focusing. Wait! Now isn't the time to be thinking about this! I'll go deal with him later but for right now I gotta get out of here!)

{{:

Also what effect does fear have on us?

}}

Fear Status: Defense goes down a little bit, and your accuracy worsens by half (for example a D20 attack will miss if it lands on 1-10, but will hit if it lands on 11-20)!

{{:

(out of curiosity, will a full bladder ever make Natalie cross her legs/do things to help hold it? Just so far she's been able to get to a spurting stage yet act normally)

}}

(She'll kinda do things to hold herself at random. She'll definitely show signs of desperation if she reaches "Emergency Phase," but for the most part she's just really good at hiding her need... Either that or I'm just not that creative... Entirely up to your interpretation ^_^')

{{:

Use gleaming flurry to try to damage all of them.

}}

{{:

Gleaming flurry

}}

{{:

Use gleaming fury.

}}

{{:

Aye, gleaming fury sounds good, for the time being. We should consider using aqua on our opponent, if we ever get the chance to hit him again.

}}

Natillie uses Gleaming Flurry on multiple opponents!!!

2(panicked miss)+4+4+4+4+1(miss)+2(panicked miss)+1(miss)+66Str=(82/5 [hitting 5 separate targets at once])-0Def=...

16 Damage to each target!

The arms are sliced off your body, writhing on the floor as they shrivel up and turn into a black, gooey substance.

"Well that wasn't so bad..." you think to yourself. You take a deep breath... however... upon doing so you've lowered your guard! More arms burst from the ground... this time... 50 OF THEM!!! You attempt to escape but you can't even move your body! Some of the arms strangle you, preventing you from breathing! A faint trickle escapes you as you panic for your life. All hope seems lost... The arms pull you into the depths of the darkness below you... you can't breath... you can't move... all you can see.........

... is darkness........

Now Loading... Please wait. This may take a while :3

*131*2014-12-18 17:28

Load Complete...

You open your eyes... You can't see anything... You don't even know if your eyes are open. You can't feel anything. You don't feel like your falling, and yet you don't feel any surface under you. You try to look down at yourself but you can't even see your own body. Are you even alive? Are you dead? Is this what death feels like? You try getting up, but you can't tell if you're standing up. You feel nothing beneath your feet. It's as if your entire body is in sleep paralysis. You try thinking of an image in your mind to make sure your head still works... but you can't. You try to speak... but no noise leaves your lips. You try touching your body... and... you can feel yourself. Your physical body is still there. You feel relief as you come to the conclusion that you are, in fact, awake... or at least to some degree. All your items are still with you. Now for the real mystery... Where are you?!

You try walking for a bit, yet your legs feel weak, causing you to stumble a bit as if a child just took his first steps. For some reason, you don't feel any urging feels from your bladder. You know that your bladder is still full, as indicated by fact that your panties are still dry (with a few dabbles), but you feel as if you don't have to go anymore. As all your senses slowly start coming back to you, you notice something... You see... Your father! But how is that possible? Your father is dead! Well... it's not like there's much else to do, so you may as well go see your dad...

Describe actions you wish to take.

*133*2014-12-19 03:07

{{:

This is total bait from the demon. If we go up to him he'll probably kill us. I would recommend staying back and throwing one of our knives at him. If he is a spirit he won't be hurt by it.

}}

You are no fool as to fall for such a simple illusion. Considering Rasetsu's tendency of leaving traps, it's obvious that this is some way of baiting you into a killing blow. You pull out one of your knives and toss it at the illusion. After hitting your father(?) right between the eyes, he falls into the deep darkness, turning into yet even more black goo (which now that you think about it, "black goo" sounds really dirty when taken out of context). You feel a sense of confidence as you thwart such a cheap trick... but one thing does make you curious. If this all is your opponents doing, then how does he know of your father? Speaking of which, you can hear Rasetsu's voice calling out to you from the endless dark, yet you can't figure out where it's coming from...

Rasetsu:

You are a smart one. I knew it wourd be wrong of me to underestimate you.

Natillie:

Alright, enough tricks! Come out and face me!

Rasetsu:

I can't... not yet... I stirr wish to... tenderize your mind first. Rike I said... the best thing to know about your opponent is what they are. Our minds are connected... We can share our memories... I'd rike to see through them first, and get to know you.

Natillie:

Aww... but that's cheating!

Rasetsu:

I'm a shinobi... it is riterarry my job to cheat my way out of a situation...

Natillie:

...touche...

Rasetsu:

Now ret's rook through some memories together... Hmm... ... ...Ah! Here is a fun one!

Suddenly, the pitch blackness turns into bright light. You shield your eyes, and then come to a realization... You're back in the village! You see a crowd of children; they seem to be watching something. You feel a familiar feel of embarrassment... You know exactly what memory this is... You walk towards the crowd to see a little girl with blonde hair, crying as she kneels in a puddle of warm urine. It was the first time you wet yourself in public.

Natillie:

Aww... I looked so adorable when I was a kid. My boobs hadn't fully developed yet into the lovely jugs they are today *giggle*. And if memory serves me, he should be coming in... 3... 2...

???:

Oh my... What do we have here?

The voice of a pompous child cuts through the crowd. The boy shows himself. He too has blonde hair, and wears a rather expensive set of clothing. He seems rather skinny, and just about your young self's age, if not a year or two older.

Young Natillie:

Wu-wha! Richter! It... It's not what it looks like!

Richter:

Oh really? I beg to differ. I understand you want to be generous but I only accept solid gold... not liquid.

Young Natillie:

... ... ... *sob*

Richter:

Hmm... Ah I know... I'll call you "Natillie, The Queen of Wet Rags!"

The children laugh and laugh and laugh.

Kids:

QUEEN OF WET RAGS! QUEEN OF WET RAGS! QUEEN OF WET RAGS! QUEEN OF WET RAGS! QUEEN OF WET RAGS! QUEEN OF WET RAGS! QUEEN OF WET RAGS! QUEEN OF WET RAGS! QUEEN OF WET RAGS! QUEEN OF WET RAGS! QUEEN OF W-

Richter:

ENOUGH!!!!! Only I and I alone have the right to call her such a title! If you wish to insult her then think up your own insults!

Young Natillie:

*sob*... *sob*... *sniffle*...

Richter:

Ah... Embarrassment too much for you to handle?... I have a lovely idea.

Richter throws a knife and two grands at your younger self.

Richter:

There... Now you can kill yourself and get away from the misery. I'll be generous and give you the money for the Charon.

Young Natillie:

Wha?! But... Just because I had an accident... ... ...

Richter:

What was that? Oh do please speak up... I can't hear you well from suffocating in your stupidity...

Your younger self takes a stand, pee dripping from her wet dress...

Young Natillie:

Unlike you, I don't hide behind piles of wealth... I have pride! And rich folk like you will never truly know what pride feels like!

Your younger self scoops up some of the dirt that was soaked by her piss... and chucks it at the harassing boy!

Richter:

!!!!!!

Young Natillie:

... ... ... ... ...

The crowd goes silent... ... ...

Richter:

You......

Richter slowly walks towards your child form, and cocks his arm back...

Richter:

YOU WHORE!!!

Richter violently swings his arm at you, slapping you directly in the face! He swings his arm again to follow up with a backhand, however, his arm is restricted by a much older man, wearing a fancy suit.

Servant:

Master Richter! How many times have I told you to stay inside the manor until your father arrives?! And hitting such a sweet little girl? I thought your father taught you to be a gentleman, not a brute. Return to your room this instant!

Richter:

What?! But-

Servant:

NOW!!! And don't think you'll be getting any supper!

​Richter slowly walks away, scowling at you. The servant walks towards your young self, holding her hand.

Servant:

Please, dear madame. Forgive me for my carelessness...

Your younger self, one cheek burning bright red, begins crying into the old man's shoulder...

Natillie:

Huh... I remember that day. I still don't really know what became of Richter. He just kinda disappeared one day, and no one heard from him again. Haha... I remember the sensation of warm pee running down my legs for the first time. I felt so embarrassed... and yet... no matter how much I cried, that warm, lovely feel in my pants seemed to comfort me. Maybe that's where my interest for wetting came from.

Rasetsu:

That is a possibirity.

Natillie:

WHAT?! H-How long have you been standing there?!

Rasetsu:

I have been sitting crosery, spectating.

Natillie:

Wait... you didn't hear what I just said, did you?

Rasetsu:

Heard what?

Natillie:

... ... ...

Rasetsu:

... ... ...

Natillie:

... ... ...

Rasetsu:

... Moving on... What erse courd we witness? Hm... Oh... ... ... What about this one?

In an instant, everything turns to black... then white again... You're in the living room of your home. However, something seems... bleak... When looking ahead of you, you see... your younger self, slightly more mature, on top of some one. Your mother is on the floor, crying and panicking. And looking into your own eyes, you can see tears as well. Something is in your hands... it's a kitchen knife, slid into the man's chest. The horrible memory comes back to you. It was the day that a bandit broke into your home... It was the day of your first kill...

Natillie:

Oh... I... I remember this... I don't want to look at this right now...

Rasetsu:

But you shourd try to remember what it feers rike to take one's breath... Ret the fear consume you. When you kirr another, you start to ask questions... "Is this okay?" "Shourd I have kirred this man?" "Am I a bad person for doing this?" "Where my reasons of good intent?" You begin to doubt yourserf... but the more you kirr... the more you get used to it... untir kirring becomes common to you... and in some cases, you begin to... ... ...enjoy it...

Natillie:

No! You're wrong! Killing is terrible and will always be terrible. Just because you have no choice doesn't justify whether it's the right thing to do or not. Taking one's life should only be when you're protecting yourself or the ones you care for, but that doesn't mean you can't at least find another way around it. I understand times are tough, but murder is something that should never overcome any one or anything!

Rasetsu:

...I understand... ... ... Then how about we raise the stakes a bit?

The area becomes pitch black again. Rasetsu then unsheathes his blade... ... ...

Rasetsu:

In front of you are two paths: We can fight and you spare me, or we fight and you kirr me. Even if you want to spare me, I wirr make sure your onry option is to kirr me... because that is the path I sharr take when fighting you! What do you decide, Natirrie? Go by your beriefs? Or against them?

You hesitate for a moment, then unsheathe Goldenstream...

Natillie:

If that's the way you think, then I won't hold back! I'll show you how valuable a life really is!!!

This is it... no audience... now rules... Just you and the ninja, standing in the darkness with your blades in hand. No fooling around...

IT'S FIGHT OR DIE!!!

BOSS BATTLE INITIATE!!!

Rasetsu

HP: ??? Bladder:???

Natillie

HP: 160/200 Bladder: 89/168

Natillie goes first!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 6 [xp. 44/600]

Stats

HP: 160/200

Strength: 66

Defense: 63

Charisma: 49

Intelligence: 37

Speed: 57

Bladder: 89/150 (In desperate need)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +25 / Speed +17) [xp. 44/400]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 244/300]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +21) [xp. 144/350]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

50 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x9

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x9

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*135*2014-12-19 20:52

{{:

I still think we should hit him with gleaming fury. After that we may want to brace for a big hit.

}}

Natillie uses Gleaming Flurry!

64 Damage!

(Computer crashed while I was typing and I don't remember the specific rolls... But I can promise you this is what it summed up to.)

Rasetsu

HP: ??? Bladder: ???

Natillie

HP: 160/200 Bladder: 89/168

Rasetsu's turn

You expect from him to attack... however that doesn't seem to be the case... Instead, he sets up rows of doppelgangers and hides behind them. You won't be able to get up close to him without dealing with the clones first... Unless you were to launch a magic attack at him, though the clones may be a bother, and you can only attack one row at a time.

Rasetsu

HP: ??? Bladder: ???

(Row 1)

| Clone 1 | Clone 2 |

(Row2)

| Clone 3 | Clone 4 | Clone 5 |

(Row 3)

| Clone 6 | Clone 7 | Clone 8 | Clone 9 |

Natillie

HP: 160/200 Bladder: 89/168

Natillie's turn

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 6 [xp. 44/600]

Stats

HP: 160/200

Strength: 66

Defense: 63

Charisma: 49

Intelligence: 37

Speed: 57

Bladder: 89/150 (In desperate need)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +25 / Speed +17) [xp. 44/400]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 244/300]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +21) [xp. 144/350]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

50 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x9

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x9

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*139*2014-12-24 16:21

{{:

Gleaming flurry hit multiple arms we could probably use it to clear waves

}}

{{:

Gleaming flurry on multiple targets.

}}

Natillie uses Gleaming Flurry on Row 1!

1(miss)+2+4+1(miss)+2+3+2+3+66Str=(82/4)-0Def=...

21 Damage to each target!

Row 1 goes down!

Rasetsu

HP: ??? Bladder: ???

(Row 1)

| Clone 1 | Clone 2 |

(Row2)

| Clone 3 | Clone 4 | Clone 5 |

Clone 3 attacks!

7 Damage

Clone 4 attacks!

Enemy Misses!

Clone 5 attacks!

2 Damage

Clone 1 defends

Clone 2 defends

Rasetsu's turn!

From a distance, Rasetsu throws 3 kunai knives at you!

10 Damage!

8 Damage!

19 Damage!

Rasetsu

HP: ??? Bladder: ???

(Row 1)

| Clone 1 | Clone 2 |

(Row2)

| Clone 3 | Clone 4 | Clone 5 |

Natillie

HP: 114/200 Bladder: 103/168

Natillie's turn!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 6 [xp. 44/600]

Stats

HP: 114/200

Strength: 66

Defense: 63

Charisma: 49

Intelligence: 37

Speed: 57

Bladder: 103/150 (In desperate need)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +25 / Speed +17) [xp. 44/400]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 244/300]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +21) [xp. 144/350]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

50 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x9

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x9

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*143*2014-12-31 07:30

{{:

Aqua on Rasetsu or Gleaming Fury again if the clones can block the Aqua attack from Rasetsu.

}}

{{:

Aqua, let's chance it. Also, I'm gonna be away for a while, so if we don't beat him after a while, and we remain stuck in this illusion, we should consider doing damage to ourself to break the illusion. Lets keep that as a last resort, though.

}}

Natillie uses Aqua 1

[14]+66Str+(37Int/2)=99Dmg-???Def=...

79 Damage!!!

Rasetsu

HP: ??? Bladder: ???

(Row 1)

| Clone 1 | Clone 2 |

(Row2)

| Clone 3 | Clone 4 | Clone 5 |

Natillie

HP: 114/200 Bladder: 103/168

Clone 3 attacks!

6 Damage

Clone 4 attacks!

12 Damage

Clone 5 attacks!

4 Damage

Rasetsu's turn!

After that last big blow, you notice his legs begin to tremble once again, just like earlier... While looking at his legs, you notice a black fire emanating from his feet, rising up to his chest, then finally imbuing his blade with dark energy. Rasetsu then leaps into the air, readying his blade for a downward strike!

(Brief explanation on Multi-plain battles: On the battlefield, there are three separate plains: in the air, on the ground, and underneath the ground. You may only hit targets with a melee attack if they are on the same plain as you. However if they are in the air you may use a ranged attack! If they are underground then your only options are to either defend against their attack or hit them with Geo magic, or certain items. Certain attacks take place in the air for only one or multiple turns. If you attack an airborne enemy with a high enough roll, you can either counter their attack, knock them back to the ground, or, in most cases, both!)

(Row 1)

| Clone 1 | Clone 2 |

(Row2)

| Clone 3 | Clone 4 | Clone 5 |

Rasetsu [air]

HP: ??? Bladder: ???

Natillie

HP: 92/200 Bladder: 119/168

Natillie's turn!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 6 [xp. 44/600]

Stats

HP: 92/200

Strength: 66

Defense: 63

Charisma: 49

Intelligence: 37

Speed: 57

Bladder: 119/150 (Dribbling!)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +25 / Speed +17) [xp. 44/400]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 244/300]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +21) [xp. 144/350]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

50 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x9

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x9

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*147*2015-01-04 23:22

{{:

Well, I suppose we should attempt to blast him out of the air.

}}

{{:

Our options for air attacks are limited to magic and our throwing knives, correct? Oh, and did only one jump into the air, or did the clones all do so as well? Either way, it's probably best to use aqua.

}}

{{:

Aqua, it's really our best bet.

}}

(@Nex: Only Rasetsu jumped. The clones are on the ground. Usually there'll be something written next to their name if they aren't standing on the default plain.)

Natillie uses Aqua 1!

[11]+66Str+(37Int/2)=96Dmg-???Def=...

77 Damage!

Rasetsu is knocked onto the ground and is immobilized for one turn!

(Row 1)

| Clone 1 | Clone 2 |

(Row2)

| Clone 3 | Clone 4 | Clone 5 |

Rasetsu (Staggered{1})

HP: ??? Bladder: ???

Natillie

HP: 92/200 Bladder: 119/168

Clone 3 is initiating a combo spell!

Clone 4 defends!

Clone 5 is prompting a combo spell!

Clones 3 and 5 use Combo Spell: Insanety's Grasp!

A black haze unfolds across your face! It begins to seep into your pores, your eyes, your nose, your mouth, your ears! Tears begin to rush down your face as your very mind begins to crumble onto itself... You are experiencing true madness... and you begin craving for pain and self-harm...

(Row 1)

| Clone 1 | Clone 2 |

(Row2)

| Clone 3 | Clone 4 | Clone 5 |

Rasetsu (Staggered{1})

HP: ??? Bladder: ???

Natillie (Insane!)

(Must make a d20 roll of 11 or higher to escape insanity)

HP: 92/200 Bladder: 119/168

Natillie's turn!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 6 [xp. 44/600]

Stats

HP: 92/200

Strength: 66

Defense: 63

Charisma: 49

Intelligence: 37

Speed: 57

Bladder: 119/150 (Dribbling!)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +25 / Speed +17) [xp. 44/400]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 244/300]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +21) [xp. 144/350]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

50 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x9

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x9

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

