Haydee Has to Ask

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-03-10 18:00

"Gwen...!" Haydee whispered shakily, holding herself. Her bladder was so full that she couldn't stand up straight. Gwen didn't respond, and continued looking through the shelves for something to buy. "Gwen!" she whispered a little louder, squeezing her crotch and rubbing her thighs together.

"What?" she replied, sounding annoyed.

"I have to go...!"

"I know. We both do. Remember? We pee'd at the same time, drank the same amount, and we waited the same..."

"No! I mean, I'm just not..." she stuttered, intimidated by her friend's critical, confident look. She lowered her voice even more. "I can't... I have to pee really bad! I need to..." She squirmed, discomfort pulsing intensely in her lower belly. "Can we please go to the bathroom?"

"In a minute," Gwen said, turning back to the shelves. She was looking at plushes, pretending like her own bladder wasn't about to explode. Her jeans were so tight around her bulging belly. It was killing her.

"Oooh, I have to peeee..." Haydee whined, unable to keep still. A spike in urgency forced her to jolt her butt back, doubling over and digging her fingers into her nearly squirting privates. She jumped and writhed around madly, trying not to piss on herself. She made awkward eye contact with a passing stranger as she did it, turning a deep shade of red and wholeheartedly supressing her desire to move like that, but her trembling body still jerked and squirmed uncontrollably.

This went on for a while. Haydee would beg for permission to go to the bathroom and be bluntly denied. Suddenly, Gwen gasped, steeling every muscle in her body as a strong spurt of piss shot out of her and dripped down her pant leg, dampening the front of her underwear. Her need to urinate was seriously bad. Her urinary sphincter was on fire. She was about to say she needed to get to the bathroom fast, but upon second thought, she couldn't be the one to ask. She wanted to keep true to this dynamic her and Haydee were playing out.

Next to her, her friend was writhing madly when she wasn't jumping around. Haydee's bladder felt like a solid rock weighing heavily in her lower belly.

"How do you feel, Haydee?" Gwen asked, her voice sounding strained.

"I gotta go bad," she whimpered, unable to keep still even for a second. "Everyone keeps looking at me..."

"Mm...!" she grunted, pressing her thighs together and leaning her hands on her knees.

"H-how do you feel?"

"Fine," Gwen answered quickly.

Haydee winced. "I have to gooo-ohh my god!" urine tried to force its way out, filling her urethra, kept in only by her squeezing fingers. Her squirming was frantic. "I'm about to leeeak...!"

Gwen's breathing was careful, as were her movements. There was so much urine inside the poor girl, constricted around the middle by her tight waistband. Every step hurt. She silently begged Haydee to ask to go to the bathroom again. She needed it bad. If she didn't go soon, she was worried she'd have an accident.

Haydee was worried about having an accident, too, but was fairly confident in any bathroom requests being denied. It was a pretty long time before she asked again. She dribbled, lurching forward and dropping to her knee, digging her heel into her vagina and rubbing her crotch madly. "Ohh please, can we go..." she muttered.

"What?" Gwen said, standing almost doubled over from the huge discomfort in her lower belly. Her kidneys had started to ache, too.

"Can we go to the bathroom?" she clarified.

Gwen pretended to think about it. "Yeah, let's go. Before you piss yourself."

The desperate pair hobbled to the bathrooms and entered the same stall together. Haydee yanked her belt loose and started pulling her pants down.

"I'm going first," Gwen declared, stepping in front of the bowl. Haydee squeaked and moved aside, grabbing desperately at herself and bobbing up and down. Gwen pulled her tight pants and underwear down to her knees, jerking her thighs toward each other and clenching her urinary muscles as hard as she could, trying really hard not to let it out prematurely.

"You have to do it like this," she said, then angled her hips out and pulled her pussy up with her pointer and middle fingers as she let a hard, jet-like stream shoot out of her and into the toilet bowl. Her legs almost buckled from the relief. "Ohhh my goddd," she moaned, the euphoric sensation of relief washing over her.

Haydee watched miserably, cradling her bulging bladder with the hand that wasn't squeezing her pussy. She was in complete agony, the unbearable urge to urinate no longer coming at her in waves and instead staying at a constant, screaming intensity. Her urethra was spasming.

"Hurryyyyy...!" she whined, feeling like she was about to cry. As she pissed, Gwen felt a pocket of gas move to the end of her rectum, taking advantage of the relaxation of her muscles. She pushed it out like a quack. Haydee was too distracted by her dire need to void her painfully overfull bladder to even notice. It felt like she was going to explode. A three second leak seeped out of her, causing her to grip herself and fall against the wall of the stall, desperately holding her piss in with all the strength she had.

Gwen's stream squirted to an end. She slowly and casually wiped herself with no regard to Haydee's desperate situation, who was writhing around and jolting her hips around, her screaming bladder threatening to empty itself into her jeans. "Let me go, pleasee!" she begged, shouldering Gwen to the side as she stepped in front of the bown, frantically yanking her pants down.

"Jeez!" Gwen commented, pulling hers up.

"I've never- how do I-" Haydee was interrupted by her body suddenly letting it out in a small leak, dribbling directly onto her underwear and pants. "Ahh- ohh-" she tried to angle her hips and pull her pussy lips to aim it into the toilet, but when it didn't work, she resorted to squeezing her vagina and doubling over, painfully plugging her direly overfull bladder.

"You've got to pee harder than that," Gwen said. "You can't be dribbling. It's got to have some force."

"Oh my god!" she whined, pulling her shoe off and one of her legs completely out of her pants.

"Why did you do that?"

"I don't want to pee on myself any more!" she hurriedly angled her hips and spread her pussy lips, letting a stream out that began by pattered onto the bathroom floor. "Nnh--" she whimpered, pushing and angling further. It eventually gained the strength to make it to the toilet bowl, but it wasn't the neat jet her friend had. It was a gushing torrent that splattered messily all over the front of the toilet bowl and dripped down her legs. There was a simultaneous leak dripping directly down to the floor, her pants, and her feet. "Oh, god!" she groaned, her body thanking her graciously for the relief, but she was making such a mess. It felt like she was going to piss forever. When it finally died down, it came out as a pretty strong stream falling into her pants for a solid few seconds. "Fuckkk..." Haydee was miserable. She had no change of clothes.

Gwen slapped her ass. "Hey, cheer up. Sometimes it happens."

She gently pulled her pants back up, cringing at the warm fabric sticking to her thighs. They were completely soaked. It was an apparent full-blown accident, and she reeked of urea. An abundance of awkward looks kept her a deep shade of red as they left the store.

*002*2022-04-22 19:26

Haydee was sitting on the couch next to Gwen. The two of them were still in pajamas. They both had really full bladders, having denied their morning pee's a few hours before.

"I gotta toot," she giggled, holding her crotch with one hand and her butt with the other, squirming her hips back and forth.

"Don't," Gwen replied.

Even more gas dropped into the waiting room. It was an unstable amount of pressure against her sphincter. It wasn't a push that would've let it out, it was the release of her flexing sphincter muscles. Her inflated rectum was being pressed against by her tight, swollen bladder, and she was straining everything to keep it all in. "Mmmm!" she whined, "Gwen I really have to!"

"Hold it in, Haydee!"

She moved her foot under her butt, digging her heel into her anus. She'd never been desperate to fart before. She'd usually let it out slowly, trying to keep it silent. The gas retreated into her stomach with a low growl, uncomfortably waiting. Her need to piss, however, was still ever-present, pulsing distractingly in her belly.

"I can't even focus on the show," she said, squirming.

Gwen couldn't either. She was bursting, too. Over the next hour, it only got worse for the both of them, until Gwen's bladder was so full and tight that it hurt her just to move. Still, she had to change her position every couple of seconds to keep the urge to urinate somewhat bearable.

Haydee couldn't keep still at all. She was scooting around, bouncing in her seat and frantically grabbing at herself, trying desperately not to piss on herself. As she squirmed, a squeak escaped her sphincter, and she immediately started straining and holding her butt.

"Don't do it again!" Gwen told her.

"It was an accident!" she said, wriggling her butt. Gas pressed tightly against her butthole, and liquid was starting to force it's way through her straining urethra. "Ohhh my god! I'm gonna pee right now...!"

"You better hold it, Haydee!" Gwen commanded as she crossed her legs and pressed her thighs together tight, her bladder squeezing tight contractions every second, a constant reminder that her urge to urinate was worsening. A bit of tension in her stomach that she'd had for a while moved lower, and the urge to pass gas appeared. She saw the oppurtunity to tease Haydee emerge, but she was so desperate she wasn't sure if she could let it out without urinating on herself.

She took the chance and, tightly pinching her crotch, she pushed a fart out. A little bit of pee leaked out and she could feel a hot spot of urine appear on her underwear. She jolted her butt back and squirmed, tensing her urethra, butt and thighs.

"You're so rude!" Haydee giggled. Stress was back on her face immediately after. "Ooh, I really want to let it out..."

Gwen huffed a small sigh as she regained control. She could feel in her trembling urinary muscles that it wouldn't last very long, though. She wanted to unbutton her jeans and let her swollen bladder free, but she couldn't show any weakness in front of her friend. And if she were to piss herself, the ultimate weakness, the whole thing would crumble...

"Hey, Haydee." Her friend looked up, biting her lip and wriggling her butt. "Come sit on my lap."

"I don't know if I can hold it much longer, Gwen..." she muttered nervously, her voice quaking. She squeaked and clutched herself tighter. "I'm about to..."

"Just do it," Gwen said, sounding a bit more strained than she'd have liked.

Haydee hopped up, squirming madly, holding her pussy and her butt. "Can I fart over here? I don't wanna..."

Gwen jerked her hips back. Disaster was imminent. "Just get on my lap, Haydee!"

The desperate girl wasn't accounting for the pressure this would put on her swollen bladder. Haydee plopped down, continuing her frantic scooting. Gwen's eyes went wide, excruciating discomfort racking her body every time her belly was crushed by her friend's squirming ass. She squeaked as urine started to dribble out, straining every muscle in her body trying to keep it in.

"Ohhh...!" Haydee whined, "I really have to gooo...!" as she strainingly squeaked the last word, her body started to let out a strong jet of piss into her underwear. Gwen could hear it hissing before she felt the hot liquid pooling in her lap. "Nooo!!!" she moaned, clutching herself and squirming frantically. "Fuck fuck fuck!" She couldn't stop it, no matter how hard she tried to contain her urine. It quickly darkened her and her friend's pajama pants and pooled under their butts on the couch cushion.

Gwen relaxed her own bladder, her cheeks turning red as she tried to slowly let it out without letting Haydee know, but it was an uncontrollable hissing torrent within a few seconds. As Haydee finally relaxed, all of the pent up gas forced its way out. It was humiliating, and she really did try to retain her gas, but it was a lot, and it forced its way out in a few long toots. Gwen felt the hot air against her thighs, in addition to the piss puddle that was growing and growing. She bit her lip and pulled Haydee closer so that she was pressing even harder against her draining organ.

"I really tried to hold it in..." she muttered, shamefully.

"You did beautifully," Gwen told her. Haydee looked at her, eyes wide and cheeks pink. As their streams pittered to an end, Haydee said "we don't have to clean up right away do we?"

"Nah," Gwen replied.

