Ginny's Accident, Hermione's Rescue

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2014-06-18 11:12

Hello fan-fiction readers, this is my first topic started in this forum. My name is Charlie, and although I live in the US for most my life, I've always had this thing for the UK. I moved here just under 2 years ago. I've thought long and hard about why I should find the UK so alluring, and have decided one of the contributing factors must be Harry Potter. I grew up with the Harry Potter stories and their magical representation of victorian England. Anyhow, the fact is the Harry Potter franchise is still a guilty pleasure for me, as is the fantasy I wish to write about today. I am aware there have been stories involving Ginny and Hermione on here before, but this one is what I like to imagine happening. These words create a powerful image, but if you're not a member of the Harry Potter audience, you might like to see the attached pictures as a bit of a visual reference.

It had been a hot summer's day at Hogwarts, the sun had shone brightly on the excited young wizards and witches as the end of term neared. There was a buzz about the corridors, and as a cool twilight fell the great hall filled for the evening's feast. But there was one student not present, and with the year's final exam the next day, it could only be Hermione who had snuck off into the Library. She'd been there for most of the afternoon, revising as if her life depended on it. It was dark and dingy up there, and she'd lost track of time. But feeling the hunger start to rise, she knew she would need to head down for something to eat. Reluctant to be leaving the books, she collected all her papers, slotted the books back on their shelves and begun the walk back to her dorm, where she could stow all her notes and freshen up for the meal.

With most of the school in the Great Hall, the corridors and stair cases were silent. "Wattlebird" Hermione whispered standing at the entrance to Gryffindor Tower. Creaking, the painting of the fat lady swung to one side, revealing the common room. Hermione steps inside and started to head for the girls dormitory. But she was stopped dead in her tracks by the soft sounds of a girl sobbing. She looks around the large circular room, checking the portraits on the wall. But they were all silent. As she stepped forward, the back of a girls head came into sight. She was on the sofa in front of the fire, with her head in her hands and long pale red hair draping her face.

"Ginny?" Hermione enquired, stepping forward to see if it was her."Ginny are you okay?"

"I want to be alone." Came the response of a quivering voice, her words lost amongst the sobbing.

Quietly, Hermione stepped around the sofa and knelt on the floor. She placed her papers down and with one hand took hold of Ginny's wrist. Her soft grip coaxed Ginny into timidly lifting her head. Her face was terribly read, her eyes swollen with tears. She briefly stopped sobbing, seemingly perplexed by Hermione's friendship.

"I, I... I've had a terrible accident." She stuttered, and burst into tears again. Concerned, Hermione's attention was suddenly grasped by a dark patch on the front of Ginny's skirt. Her eyes widened as it dawned on her what had happened. Not giving away what she'd seen, Hermione lent forward to console Ginny. They hugged for a few minutes, as Ginny's tears ran down Hermione's back.

"I just feel so stupid," Ginny continued to stutter, "It's the sort of thing kids do."

"Tell me what happened." Hermione said, moving to sit next to Ginny on the sofa.

"I, um. Well I fell asleep." She was finding it hard to form the words. "I fell asleep and I. Well I guess I didn't realise..."

Realising she was finding it painful to talk about, Hermione interrupted Ginny, "It's okay," she said, "I understand." Delicately using the tips of her thumbs, Hermione carefully wiped away Ginny's tears. Her cheeks were soft, and she continued to stoke them affectionally. For a brief moment, the room was completely silent. Hermione looked into Ginny's shy wet eyes. She was trying to work out the best way to move forward.

"Let's stand," Hermione broke the silence, "Come up." She was abrupt, standing first and holding a hand to help Ginny up. "We can fix this," She reassured her. Eventually Ginny raised one timid hand and placed it slowly into Hermione's firm grip. Hermione yanked her up. There was a huge wet patch on the sofa, the yellow liquid dwelling on the surface of the fabric, glistening in the flickering light of the fire. Ginny stood in shame. She looked like a guilty puppy standing next to a broken vase. "Turn around then. Show me what I'm dealing with." Hermione's almost regimental assertion was paying off. Looking ashamed at her feet, Ginny slowly tuned on the spot. The little patch on the front of her skirt was nothing compared to the big black wet stain over her bottom. Out of Ginny's sight, Hermione was transfixed by what she saw. She smiled to herself.

Still with an air of dominance, Hermione begun to explain, "You know, I did something like this once."

"You did?" Ginny was glad to hear she wasn't the only one to have a bad accident.

"It wasn't long after we first arrived here. I wet my bed in the dorm. But no-one ever knew. You never new did you?"

"No. How did you hide it?" She was excited to hear there could be a way of no-one finding out.

"There's a spell, would you like me to teach you it?"

Ginny turned to face Hermione, who's eyes quickly darted up from her bottom in the pretence she was not quite so attracted by the pee soaked skirt.

"I'll do it on you first, listen carefully." Hermione always loved the chance to demonstrate her skills. She took her wand from her pocket and delicately held it, pointing at the sofa. With a perfectly executed flick and precession elocution, she spoke if a firm fast voice. "Urina Sicco!" With that thousands of tiny droplets exploded out of the wet fabric. They spiralled up away from the sofa, forming a light mist of liquid which hovered in a cloud around the point of Hermione's wand.

"She that," she said, turning to Ginny with a proud smile on her face, "That's all your pee."

Ginny stared, not sure what to say. Her face continued to burn red. Hermione held her hand to one side of the mist, pointing into it. With pomp she reach into it, curling her fingers around the cloud of pee. For a moment, she transfixed herself, then suddenly snapped out of it. "Right," she said, and carried the lead the cloud over to the fire, where she held it over the flames. The formation broke and ever tiny drop began to clime up the chimney. When all the pee had left her wand, she turned and pointed it at Ginny's skirt.

"Urina Sicco!" She cast the spell again and the small patch on the front of Ginny's skirt was transformed into another cloud of pee droplets. Hermione instructed Ginny to turn again, under the pretence that she's clean the back of it. But with Ginny's eyes now in the opposite direction, Hermione took the chance to look closer and the small cloud of pee she was holding. Biting her lip, she looked at the tiny particles glistening in the light. Then quickly before the hesitation seemed to long, she took one last cheeky glance at Ginny's sodden skirt and waved her wand. "Urina Sicco!"

After Hermione had lead the final lot of pee into the fire and up the chimney, she turned to look at Ginny. They smiled at each other, and for the first time Ginny relaxed. Her red cheeks were beginning to settle and her eyes had a sense of calm in them. But Hermione wanted to make sure Ginny could clean up should it ever happen again.

"Now you must practice the spell," she said, "Two flicks with a little twist of the wrist, then just hold it steady else you'll drop the pee. Do you want to try it now?"

Ginny nodded, smiling.

Hermione looked at the entrance. "They're all still in the Great Hall aren't they?" she asked.

Ginny nodded again, and gave a little nervous giggle. She had no idea what Hermione was about to do.

Hermione stepped back onto the rug in front of the fire. She lifted her skirt as if about to curtesy...

TO BE CONTINUED...

*009*2014-07-02 09:44

{{: 

...and can't wait for the next part !

}}

{{: 

You have to write the next chapter quickly! [...] Keep going on!

}}

{{: 

Can't wait for the next part!

}}

{{: 

Please keep going! I'm about to explode here!!

}}

{{: 

...can you keep the story going please?

}}

{{: 

Please continue it...

}}

Thank you all for your warm reception. It is time that I succumbed to the allure of writing Part 2. So without further ado, let us return to that beautiful summer evening in the quiet Gryffindor common room.

"Now you must practice the spell," Hermione said with an air of authority. "Two flicks with a little twist of the wrist, then just hold it steady else you'll drop the pee."

Ginny nodded, smiling.

Hermione looked at the entrance. "They're all still in the Great Hall aren't they?" she asked.

Ginny nodded again, and gave a little nervous giggle. She had no idea what Hermione was about to do.

Hermione stepped back onto the dark red rug in front of the fire. As she did so, she grasped her skirt in both hands, scrunching the fabric in her fists and raising it up to reveal the top of the black school stockings. "Come closer," she gestured to Ginny, beckoning her to sit on the floor in front of the sofa. As Ginny took her place, Hermione lowered herself into a squat, arranging the majority of her skirt to rest on her lap. Below her plain white knickers wrapped her in their dry cotton fabric. Above her stockings, her thighs were bare. Ginny watched in silence, not sure what to make of what was happening. To her, Hermione was backlit by the flickering flames of the fire, casting a warm orange glow between her legs and creating a shimmering halo around her bushy brown hair. "Okay," Hermione said sternly, "Watch closely." Having never seen such an intimate sight as someone else's underwear, Ginny couldn't pull her eyes away from Hermione's snuggly fitting knickers.

With a commanding confidence, Hermione stared at Ginny. Without a flinch, and her stern eyes still firmly fixed on Ginny, she allowed herself to start peeing. Ginny watched in disbelief as a small yellow patch appeared on Hermione's white underwear. The patch grew for a moment then as the pee entered full flow, a thick hissing stream broke through. It fell dead straight onto the rug. Splashing and spluttering, the warm pee accumulated in a puddle which slowly sunk into the rug. Before Ginny's very eyes, the hot liquid sat atop the rug was swallowed into a dark wet patch. The yellow stream glowed in the orange light of the fire. Gradually Hermione's knickers were being overtaken with a pale yellow wet spot. Hermione still didn't break eye contact, but she was breaking into a proud smile.

Then, all of a sudden the sound of a door opening. Hermione's eyes darted to the main entrance, where the big wooden door was swinging open. Without a second to lose and still in full flow, she jumped round to sit next to Ginny, hidden from the door behind the sofa. She struggle to stop the stream. She couldn't be seen by who ever was at the door but they would likely be able to hear the hissing. Ginny was frozen in silence. Now, no longer on the rug and with the angle she was sitting against the sofa, the stream was hurtling through Hermione's knickers and propelling itself in an arc across the wooden floor. Thinking on the spot, Hermione bundled her skirt into the stream and pressed it in with both hands.

She closed her eyes and held her breath. The other student that had entered was now half way across the room. He was herding for the boys dorm. Hermione tensed every muscle, visibly arching her back as she thrust her hands into her groin. She was holding back the flow. Her heart raced. She turned her head, struggling to see if the boy had left yet. She couldn't see him, but could hear his footsteps. They were excruciatingly slow as he moved at a leisurely pace.

Finally, the sound of the dormitory door opening and swinging shut. The moment it clicked she, Hermione let out a moan of relief and pulled her skirt clear. Within an instance she was peeing at full force again, spreading her legs wide. The thick stream burst from her knickers and shot across the room, splashing over the wooden floor and just kissing the edge of the rug. She rested her head against the sofa, sighing with relief. Ginny, her mouth wide open, turned slowly to look at Hermione. Their eyes met, and a brief silence fell.

"That was close." Hermione broke the tension. Ginny began to giggle, and Hermione joined her. "You're not the only one who's had an accident today." Hermione's performance had made a clearly lifted Ginny spirits, who was now laughing and giggling at their naughty bit of fun. "You can practice that spell now." Hermione said softly, and as Ginny produced her wand, Hermione put an arm around her. With a gentle grasp, she wrapped her fingers around Ginny's hand so that they held the wand together. Intimately, Hermione whispered into Ginny's ear "Urina Sicco. Say it slowly and be clear." With that, she lead Ginny's hand movements and guided her through the process of getting ever drop of her pee up the chimney.

The spell worked brilliantly, and as quickly as Hermione had emptied her bladder, Ginny had cleared it all up. The girls sat in the now dry common room. The light of the fire taking over as the sun set completely.

"You were great just then," Ginny said gratefully, "Thank you. I didn't know what I could do."

"Your welcome," Hermione gently tucked Ginny's smooth red hair behind one of her ears. They looked in each other's eyes. Somewhere in the room a clock was softly ticking.

"You..." Ginny began to speak, but Hermione hushed her, placing a fingertip over her lips. She let her finger fall, and lightly ran it around Ginny's jawline, whose lips began to open. Then, in the calm cool night, Hermione lent forward, breathing in gently. They lips met, and locked together.

TO BE CONTINUED...

*017*2014-07-22 09:28

{{: 

I love it please keep it going

}}

{{: 

A good suspens, a good action, go to the next chapter! ^^

}}

{{: 

Great story - please keep going!

}}

Part 3

It was late at night. Several days had past since Hermione first encountered Ginny wet little accident in the common room. The night was peaceful, and all the Gryffindor girls were all asleep in their dormitory. The room felt very still, very calm. But there was one young witch struggling to sleep. Ginny lay on her back, staring up through the top of her four poster bed. She couldn't stop thinking about her slip up, but more so what had come after. There was one image stuck in her mind.

The image of Hermione, such a good girl, squatting and peeing over the common room floor. No matter what Ginny tried to think of, she just could resist constantly playing that image over in her mind. It was having a really strange effect on young Ginny, as she thought about that evening she had a strange sensation running through her veins. She felt a naughty buzz which just wouldn't shift, and she'd noticed a tingling sensation in her panties. She wasn't quite sure what was happening to her body, but she liked it.

It was after a while of imagining, that Ginny began to develop an almost irresistible urge to see a repeat performance by Hermione. She new that since Hermione had no real reason to pee on the carpet that night, there was a high chance she enjoyed the idea of it and couldn't resist doing it. What's more, Ginny thought to herself, Hermione didn't hesitate one bit and seemed to know the spell so well, so did she empty her bladder in naughty ways often? Ginny slipped out of bed, and silently tip-toed around the side of Hermione's bed. She was very careful not to wake anyone. Hermione was lying on her side, a look of innocents and peace on her face as she slept. Ginny knelt at her bedside, and putting any nerves to the back of her mind, gently stoked Hermione's soft cheek. She woke with a start, her eyes darting open. But then she saw Ginny looking back, and relaxed.

"What's wrong?" Hermione muttered, hardly awake.

"Hermione," Ginny whispered, her excited voice a harsh contrast to Hermione's sleepy tone, "Hermione, I want..." Ginny lost the words.

"Want what?"

"I want..." she searched for the right way to say it, stumbling through the sentence. "I want. I mean, I'd like it if... I want to see you wee again."

Hermione opened her eyes wider, smiling and not sure how to respond. "Say again?" She whispered.

"Like when you peed on the carpet. I want to see it again." Ginny looked around, confirming everyone was still asleep.

"Come here" Hermione mutters, reaching out from her duvet and fumbling around Ginny's shoulders. "Look, back against here." She instructed, still half asleep.

Under Hermione's guidance, Ginny turned, and sat with her back resting against the side of the bed. Having only just woken, Hermione sat up, her hair scruffy and her eyes still puffy with sleep. Her pyjamas hung loosely around her skin. She pushed the duvet aside and sat on the edge of the bed, her bottom behind Ginny. She lifted her legs over Ginny head and rested her thighs on her shoulders. She crossed her calfs tightly in font of Ginny, holding her firmly from moving. With both hands, she took hold of Ginny's soft red hair, moving it out gently of the way. She left down and whispered in Ginny ear "Are you ready?" Ginny nodded, eagerly.

Hermione lay back, supporting herself on her elbows. Her thick, matted hair hung over her arms. She squeezed Ginny tighter with her legs, shuffling forward a little so her downstairs was swamped with the warmth of the back of Ginny's neck. She closed her eyes and gave her bladder a squeeze. With no hesitation a watery hot spot appear in her pyjama pants. Ginny felt the damp explode on the back of her neck, as hot pee burst through Hermione's pants. With Hermione's legs tightly pressed around Ginny's neck, it had nowhere to go. Some sprayed up, sprinkling Ginny's hair. But the majority of the warm yellow liquid fell down Ginny back. She gasped, and the hot pee tickled her neck.

A damp patch grew down the back of her pyjamas, spreading as the stream continued. Behind Ginny's back, Hermione's face was filled with pure satisfaction. The wee-wee puddled around the bottom of Ginny's back, a puddle Ginny couldn't resist putting her hands in. As the Hermione finished, she relaxed her legs. Ginny turned, her face level with Hermione's tummy and her knees landing in the yellow puddle. There was a considerable wet patch down the side of the bed. Hermione sat up, her sopping wet crotch rubbing down Ginny's chest. Hermione cupped her hands round the back of Ginny's head, bending down closer to her. With no hesitation this time, Hermione kissed Ginny's fragile lips.

