Space Wetters the Game (The Story of Aurora Stardust) - Page 2

Author: SciFiGirl

*027*2015-03-21 05:46

Winner!

{{: 

A3 : Penny is right and go to her quarters

}}

Log 8 Comdr. Aurora Stardust

(Bladder 70.5%) (HP 79%)

"Your right Penny I guess I just panic that something might happen to you and the crew." I told her with my head down feeling a little guilty for killing them, maybe Penny was right after all.

"It's okay Aurora you only did what was best, I forgive you....... Come on little star killer lets head off to my quarters." Penny said with a smile as she hold my hand and led the way.

We enter her quarters, Penny turned on the lights to her room as I walked in and sit on her bed.

"Aurora babe your hurt let me get some medic in the bathroom on don't move." she said as she walked towards the bathroom, she came back like a flash with the medic stick she waved it around my wounds making it hurt like hell as it healed me but not my poor little bladder. (bladder 80%) (Hp 100%)

Penny then put the medic stick on her dresser shortly after that, she begin to take off her pants, her absorbie was so full of pee it was sagging between her legs.

The site of it turned me on so bad that my bladder trip like crazy. (bladder 93.1)

"What commander..... Oh Sorry Aurora I got really frighten in battle and I peed myself........ I really tried to hold it in but.... I couldn't." Penny said with a sad look on her face.

Options

A: Tell Penny that it is okay, it happens.

B: Tell Penny she looks really sexy in her wet absorbie anyways

C: Tell Penny you have to pee.

D: Give Penny a hug and a kiss for comfort.

E: Your own thing to add.

2nd options (optional after picking 1st options.)

1 Ask Penny if you can use her bathroom to pee.

2 Ask Penny if you want her to pee yourself to make her feel last embarrassed.

*030*2015-03-21 16:57

{{: 

D and 2 (out of curiosity, will our character ever do noticeable things to try and hold it? Ie, crossing legs, shifting from foot to foot, etc)

}}

Crap thanks for reminding me.

*033*2015-03-28 03:42

Winner for reminding me a very important detail.

{{: 

D and 2 (out of curiosity, will our character ever do noticeable things to try and hold it? Ie, crossing legs, shifting from foot to foot, etc)

}}

Log 9 Comdr. Aurora Stardust

(Bladder 93.1%) (HP 100%)

I got up from her bed, I felt my bladder really hurting I crossed my legs for a bit to gain back some control over my poor little bladder.

I walked over by her, she started to cry so I give her a hug and a kiss on her cheek to give her some comfort she then hugged me back making my bladder ache with pain. (Bladder 93.5%)

"Thanks Girl I need that," said Penny as she wipes her tears off her face.

"Would you feel even better if....... I pee my pants to?" I asked her with a seductive smile, she smiled a very bashful grin back.

"Yeah a little wet fun from my girlfriend always makes me feel a lot better!" she answered as she put her hand on my face and slowly stroke it. "But not here in the shower I just got the floors cleaned!" Penny laughed to herself she grabbed my hand and lead me into the bathroom then into shower.

I stood there and let it all come out of me with Penny watching, I felt so sexually aroused when I was peeing myself and seeing Penny there with me in her wet absorbie. I even got really horny hearing my pee going down the shower drain. (Bladder is now 0% you peed yourself on purpose you naughty little thing you!)

I look at Penny in her light green eyes thinking on what to do next?

Options (This week you can pick two options if you like.)

A: Make out with Penny.

B: Take off your pants and show Penny your wet panties.

C: Squeeze Penny's absorbie.

D: Tease Penny by asking if she is enjoying herself so far?

E: Tell Penny what she wants to do next?

F: Your own thing to add.

*039*2015-04-04 05:02

Winner!

{{: 

B then F: remove your panties and/or her absorbie (What else are the girls wearing, by the way?)

}}

Log 10 Comdr. Aurora Stardust

(Bladder 0%) (HP 100%)

I took off my pants showing Penny my wet panties. Making her jaw drop, I then took off her aborbie and my panties and the rest of our clothes. I smiled into her eyes as she touch my face.

"I love you so much Aurora," said Penny passionately as she then started to kiss me wildly on my lips.

Options

A: Let her do the kissing.

B: Kiss her back wildly.

C: Touch her breast.

D: Rub or lick her vagina.

E: Your own thing to add.

*044*2015-04-14 05:42

Sorry for not post I'm been really busy offline.

Winner!

{{: 

I'm in that kind of mood so let's go with D

}}

Log 11 Comdr. Aurora Stardust

(Bladder 0%) (HP 100%)

I started to rub Penny's vagina she pulled my hand away from her.

"No Aurora lets do it on the bed," she said as she bit her lip and pulled me out of the shower I almost trip along the way that made us both laugh.

She laid on her bed waiting for me to please her, I started to lick her vag as she soon started to orgasm as her eyes slowly turning red.

Once the fun was all over we laid in each others arms. "I'm going to take a quick shower and get a drink or two want to come with?" asked Penny

"Which one the shower or the drink?" I question with sarcasm.

"I don't know you pick," she laughed as she got off the bed and headed for the bathroom smiling at me all the way.

Options

A: Do both with Penny.

B: Take shower only with Penny.

C: Go only for drinks with Penny.

D: Your own thing to add.

*049*2015-04-19 04:43

Winner!

{{: 

A do both with penny

}}

Log 12 Comdr. Aurora Stardust

(Bladder 0%) (HP 100%)

I got up from the bed and follow her in the bathroom she was all ready in the shower, I got in with her she turned and smiled at me as the water fell on her body.

We got all clean up wrapping towels around our bodies and putting are wet clothes in the laundry basket, Penny started to get dress as I took one of her pants but wonder what I was going to wear under them. Penny only had aborbies I guess I can wear them, they look and feel just like panties.

But they are still diapers after all.

What should I do? I thought to myself.

Options

A: Wear one of Penny's aborbies.

B: Go without undies.

C: Ask Penny if you can use the washing machine to wash you're pants and panties.

D: Ask Penny to go to your quarters to get a pair of clean panties for you.

E: Your own thing to add.

