May's unfortunate day

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2012-08-10 04:01

Man, how long has it been since I posted a story? Sorry for that absence, people.

Anyway, here's a story I wrote recently, I wish I could say you could see all that time in this work. But it's pretty decent all things considered.

###

"Come on, May, it's time to get going!" Max shouted back as he ran ahead to meet the other two boys on their way out of town.

"Yeah, yeah, I'm coming." Sighed May. She was still heavily opposed to the idea of spending more time out on the roads than in towns, but what could she do?

May stopped on her way out after taking the last few sips of her pop to throw away the cup, her second today and they were by no means small cups, either. May then lazily followed her group out of town and into the surrounding forest.

A couple minutes of walking later and May found that her suspicions were correct, this was a very boring day and a very boring walk. She gave a lazy yawn and looked up at the sky. The sun was high and the sky was very clear, all in all, it was a nice day.

A few minutes in, May leaned her head back and gave a deep inhale, putting her hands behind her head. She went for a heavy exhale, but stopped short.

May's hands flew down to her side and it took all her willpower to make them stop there, and her legs pressed together slightly. May suddenly became aware of the mistake of the two pops from earlier in the day as a strong, and still growing, pressure in her lower abdomen made itself known. There was a lot of liquid stored up, just desperate for a way out, making May desperate herself.

May looked around and saw that this area was indeed a lush, green, wooded area with plenty of places to hide. May was not totally comfortable with the idea of peeing outdoors, but she had come to terms with the facts that it was necessary.

Still, she couldn't ask the boys to stop yet, they had been walking for only about ten or fifteen minutes. What would they think if May had to stop so soon to use the bathroom? But she did have to go soon. May considered it and decided to wait for a bit, she could hold on for a little longer, it would be alright.

May went on walking, beginning to twitch both from nervousness and desperation as they continued. About twenty minutes passed and May was about at her limit, she thought. It took her a little bit to work up the courage, then she spoke up.

"Hey, guys," she said, "do you think we could stop for just a little bit...?" She asked, her voice quivering and just barely loud enough to be heard. She shifted and moved her legs closer together to continue to restrain the absolute flood that was waiting to escape.

The group paused for a second, the look on Ash's face made May fear he was about to refuse, but then Brock spoke up.

"Yeah, we've probably got some time to take a break here, there isn't much on the road up ahead, so it's probably a good idea." He said, "But make it quick." He added, "We don't have a lot of spare time if we want to make it to the next town on time."

The gang found a nice clearing to settle down at, then May walked off into the trees and brush to find some place to sneak away while she squatted down, not bothering to explain to the boys what she was doing. That would be both embarrassing and a waste of time that she didn't have.

May found a nice clearing in some bushes that allowed her just enough room to squat down and not be seen.

She wasted no time lifting up her skirt and pulling down her shorts and underwear. May gave a sigh in relief as she squatted down there in the opening.

Only something wasn't right. There was no splashing sound. In fact, there wasn't actually any relief. May's system still wasn't used to letting go outside.

May tried to make herself go, she thought of whatever she could: running water, rivers, waterfalls, leaky faucets, etc. Just when she could feel it, just when May was finally about to let it out and the first few drops made their escape, there came a noise.

There was a rustling in the bushes that made May stop short. She looked in that direction for a while and there was more rustling. Suddenly, a small, furry head poked out of the bushes, a Zigzagoon appeared. May froze for a second, the Zigzagoon staring at her.

May pulled up her pants, got up, and left. She couldn't go with something like that looking at her, and she wasn't going to bother trying to catch such an annoying little creature. May ran off, feeling no relief, to meet back up with the boys. She couldn't stop and find another place, after the Zigzagoon, May felt like the forest was just crawling with little eyes, small creatures that were going to watch her whenever she tried to relieve herself.

When she finally met back up with the gang, May realized that she actually felt worse than no relief, after all the thoughts of water and feeling the release of that little bit, she actually had to go even worse! Not to mention that there was still much more pop working its way through her system. May was in quite the predicament here.

The gang got back on the road to try and keep up their schedule, May was just trying to keep up her bladder control. She walked in an awkward waddle with her thighs securely together, her hands clenched in fists as she tried not to throw then into her crotch, gritting her teeth to try and bare the pressure.

A few more minutes of walking, when May chanced to open her eyes under the strain, she saw that when Brock said there wasn't much on the road ahead, he meant it. Around the path, there was nothing but plains. Some tall grass and hills, but it was all just grass, no trees, no bushes, nothing. There was a lake on the right side up ahead, but that was about it.

May grimaced, there was nowhere around that she could hide, no place for her to use the bathroom. What was she going to do? She couldn't hold it much longer, but she couldn't just squat down and pee out in the open.

May struggled along for a few minutes, then she stopped and gasped. "Oh, no!" She quietly exclaimed to herself. It was starting to come out! She felt a few drops escape into her underwear. May threw her hands between her legs to stop the flood gates from opening.

That worked, for now, but she didn't have much time. May ran to try and catch up with the boys, swearing she could hear the liquid sloshing around in her bladder with every step. All the bouncing as she ran down the dirt road really didn't help her situation any.

May kept walking for a short while, feeling the unbelievable strain of holding it in. She looked over at the lake and thought that's what it felt like she was holding back. May looked down and noticed that there was a noticeable bulge, her bladder was overfilled, it looked like it may literally burst. Her tight biker shorts really didn't help that much, either.

After a few more steps, May felt the wet spot in her underwear growing. This wasn't a short spurt, either. It was slowly starting to leak out of her bladder, there wasn't much time left before it expanded into a full-on flood.

May stopped walking and leaned over, gripping at her crotch and forcing her thighs together, doing all she could to stop it. It did stop, but now she couldn't move.

It took a couple seconds before the boys realized that May wasn't still following them. The stopped and turned around to see the girl frozen in desperation, her face beat red.

Max was the first to speak up and asked "What's wrong, May?"

May took a second to answer, now was not the time to be shy about this, "I... I... need a... break..." Was all May could manage to strain out from behind her grit teeth.

Brock seemed to be the first one to understand. "Right," He said, "We'll wait here, you can probably find some room in the tall grass over there." He said, pointing a ways off the side of the path.

"Thank you." May said quickly before slowly turning to begin walking that way.

Her first few steps were slow and short, trying to keep control the whole time. After a few steps, May's bladder began to give way, with each step, another spurt came out, growing bigger and bigger each time.

When she became aware of this, May took off running, her thighs held tight together and her hands still forced in place, trying to hold it in.

With the running, the spurts grew into a full-blown wetting! May tried with all her might to stop it, but she couldn't. By the time she reached the tall grass, she had wet through her shorts and her hands began to get soaked. There was also a growing wet sensation dribbling down her thighs and down the side of her legs.

May finally got to the grass and she squatted down, she had no time to look around and no time to pull down her pants. She barely managed to pull up her skirt out of reflex. May was surprised at how long she managed to go before her bladder felt empty, she was really holding a lot back!

After a while, May finally stopped, she felt relieved, but ashamed. She looked down and noticed a wet, yellow spot on the front of her skirt. Fortunately, her dark colored biker shorts hid the wet patch very well, but May could still feel it, her panties were completely soaked, all the way to the back as well. She also saw that her legs were still very noticeably wet.

May took a deep breath, collected herself, and stood up to start walking back to the group. She heard and felt a sickening squish as she stepped down, her socks had gotten wet from all that had happened.

May met back up with the group and there was the expected reaction of ridicule from her little brother as he laughed at his sister's unfortunate situation. May quickly shut him up by reminding Max that she knew some embarrassing secrets about him, too.

Brock reassured May, saying they would stop in a few minutes when there was more privacy so she could get herself cleaned up.

May continued on, very reserved, for the rest of the day, using this as a lesson of what not to do. And to think, all of that was caused by an annoying little Zigzagoon...

