The Girl Who Liked To Hold It - Part 2

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-11 00:43

THE GIRL WHO LIKED TO HOLD IT - PART 2

Kelly repeated her holding game each day at school. Each day she made it home to the toilet without incident. She started to get bored with it after awhile, and looked for a new holding challenge. Saturday morning, Kelly woke up and yawned. She lay there for a few minutes, clearing the sleepy fog from her brain. A sharp spasm from her bladder reminded her that a full night’s pee was stored up inside her. She got out of bed and started for the bathroom, and then stopped. A naughty idea had struck her. She decided to hold her pee in as she watched her favorite Saturday morning cartoons on TV.

Kelly walked downstairs, still wearing her pajamas and feeling her pee slosh inside her, and turned on the TV. She sat there watching cartoons and enjoyed the feeling of holding her pee. After the first 30 minute program ended, Kelly found it harder and harder to sit still. She started bouncing her bum on the couch cushion and rocking back and forth. A crazy antic by one of the characters in the cartoon, made Kelly laugh. As she laughed, Kelly felt her pee try to come out, and quickly jammed a hand into her crotch to press on her pee hole to hold it in. After 60 minutes, Kelly was really feeling the pain in her bladder. Just then, her mother came downstairs. Kelly quickly removed her hand and tried to act normal. "Morning, honey."

"Morning, mommy." Kelly felt a sharp spasm in her bladder and quickly sat with her hands palms down under her legs and rocking slightly from side to side. "Do you have to pee, Kelly?" asked her mother. "No." answered Kelly. "I’ll go make breakfast now." said her mother as she headed out into the kitchen.

Kelly breathed a sigh of relief and grabbed her crotch as she wriggled furiously on the couch. Soon, she felt a shiver go through her as her bladder gave a mighty squeeze. "Uh oh!" thought Kelly. She knew she couldn’t hold it much longer. She grabbed her crotch tightly in both hands and tried to walk to the stairs. She couldn’t walk very fast as she had to keep her thighs tightly squeezed together the whole time. Kelly hobbled up the stairs, one step at a time, as she made her desperate walk to the bathroom.

Kelly somehow reached the top, and hobbled into the bathroom. She tried frantically to undo her pajama bottoms and get them off, but could not bear to remove her hand from her crotch. She finally got them undone, and removed her hand to pull them down. As she reached for her waistband, she felt her muscles give way. Kelly started peeing full force as she pulled down her pajamas and dropped her bum onto the toilet seat. Kelly sat there peeing and peeing as her overfull bladder finally released it’s pent-up pee.

Kelly sat there as she finished peeing, checking out the damage to her pajama bottoms. There was a small wet streak on the crotch and seat of her panties and pajamas. Kelly wiped and then changed out of her pajamas and went to her bedroom to pick out clothes to wear.

Kelly entered the kitchen, all dressed in jeans and a pullover shirt.

As she ate her breakfast, Kelly smiled to herself as she thought of her naughty secret.

