After Arkham: Talia

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-08-06 00:14

Hugo Strange briefly reminisced over the event that had occurred over the past year. he had dragged himself from the remains of Wonder Tower. He had created an alias, Robert Kane, weaseled his way into warden of Belle Reve. Soon after the government Official Amanda Waller approached him, knowing fully well who he was. She had made him the godfather of her little idea. The Suicide Squad, a high risk black ops military team consisting of super villains. The government was given full deniability of their existence, able to claim it was random villainy.

He had watched as each recruit had proven themselves. Even Harley Quinn, who although let Grundy escaped, had redeemed herself in rescuing her team and escaping the self destructing Luthor Corp with a different prize. The DNA vile of Talia Al Ghul. At the moment Cadmis Labs was putting the finishing touches on her exact clone. Brainwashing her to serve him. He grinned as he plotted his eventually revenge on Wayne.

3 Months Later

Talia was racking her brain. after being bound by Joker her mind was empty. Each attempt to draw further memory only resulted in an intense headache. She finally resented as she gazed around the black ops helicopter. Other members of the team she was now on, consisted of Poison Ivy, Catwoman, Harley Quinn, Killer Croc and the supposed leader Dead Shot. Each one dressed in their signatures styles, Talia herself wore the same clothing she had on during the events of Arkham City. However her eyes weren't on their clothing but rather their body language.

Dead Shot kept his body relaxed, obviously bored. Harley seemed a little insecure as she forced her body in the corner of the aircraft. Ivy kept her glaring eyes on Quinn, Croc looked agitated and Talia kept to herself. As the Helicopter approached an undisclosed location in which reports of a hulking monster had arisen, Amanda Waller appeared.

"We are here to apprehend the monster Solomon Grundy. I'd prefer if you bring him back to the landing sight dead as he can be resurrected."

"You aren't the Official I spoke to." Harley said bluntly.

"General Lang? He is simply a scout." She said disappearing into the cockpit as the helicopter landed in a grassy field. The team stepped out of the Copter to have it take off moments after they left.

"Alright Team. I have the only radio to call them back. I will not do so unless we accomplish this mission." Dead Shot spoke.

"Let's get on with it then." Harley groaned.

"Patients. We can wait before you faint again." He said harshly. "As I was saying, if we fail this mission you are on your own."

"And what about you?" Selina asked.

"The only way I will fail this mission is if I die in the line of duty."

"Intense." Harley muttered sarcastically.

"Alright, Ivy. You are the only one who can find this abomination. Where is he?" Dead shot asked.

"Tell me, my babies." she spoke to the nearest tree. As she spoke she undid her robe, throwing behind her, to have a vine sprout from the ground and catch it. Now she was dressed in only a leaf like bra and panties. "This way." She spoke softly, as she led us into the woods.

A half hour later Talia felt her bladder fill up with urine. Three hours later she pressed her thighs tightly together between strides when Ivy raised her hand, signaling to stop.

"He about fifty yards up, behind a swamp." She informed the team as Talia crossed her legs as tightly as she could manage.

"Alright Ivy, can you create a wall of strong plants to enclose a fifty yard radius around this area." No sooner had Deadshot spoken than massive vines of Ivy formed a thorny wall enclosing them in.

"Good." Dead shot said. "Now Harley Make your way over the wall, run around till you reach the back. enter from there and force Grundy into the swamp. From there Croc will wrestle him into a position where I can take a perfect shot. Before all that happens, Selina and Talia, you are too sneak up on him from the trees and weaken him with your respective melee attacks till Harley arrives." He withdrew a bullet that was engraved with the words "Solomon Grundy" and loaded his wrist gun. Then The team acted instantly, following their duties.

A few minutes later both Catwoman and Talia dropped behind a sleeping Solomon. Talia squirmed as they closed into him. Ten feet from the sleeping creature Catwoman cracked her whip. Within moments the giant rose to his feet and began a flurry of attacks on the two anti-heroes. Both of them maneuvered to avoid the attacks, exchanging their own. With each hack and slash no blood seemed to seep from his wounds. The only indication of his pain was his agonizing cries. Eventually Harley Quinn rushed to the scene with her mallet, relieving Talia of one of her problems.

The next few events were a series of blurs. Harley slamming her mallet into Grundy until he tumbled into the swamp, then Croc and Grundy wrestled until killer Croc managed to hold Grundy out in the open. A loud Crack of a gun signaled Grundy's "Death". Talia squirmed all the way back to the landing zone to find the copter waiting for them.

Amanda Waller stood between them and their seats.

"Congratulations. You have certainly proven yourselves. We will give you a few days to rest, but soon you will embark on another mission. Infiltrating Wayne Towers." At the sound of Wayne something in Talia's body surged. Her bladder gave out as hot pee began to roll down in rivulets down her legs, filling her boots as a stream fell between her legs, splattering to the ground below.

"It still seems some of you need potty training however." She sighed. Harley snickered. "You are one of the recruits who need it, miss Quinn."

I hope you enjoyed this series. I have no intention to continue it, however there are several female characters from Gotham that I would love to write about sometime soon. Please leave feedback.

*003*2012-08-06 01:23

{{:

Nice one, talia is a real hotty in the game so i could see this happening inside my head many thanks for this one :)

}}

You're welcome, glad you like it. Talia was definitely my favorite girl from Arkham City;)

{{:

Very nice! I'd like to see a story about Batgirl as well.

}}

Thanks. The Stephanie Brown Batgirl was actually one of the gotham girl's I was thinking of:)

*005*2012-08-13 21:22

{{:

This would have to happen to heroes and villains at some point. Being a fan of comic books as well I think I'm gonna cry. By any chance will you be uploading more to this?

}}

Unfortunately not:/ As much as I enjoyed writing this, I don't think I can continue this story any further with out mucking it up.

