Neji and tenten omorashi two

Author: omorashi lover

*000*2011-06-22 01:56

"Tenten, don't you think this is romantic?" Neji was amused and the normally speechless genius of Hyuga clan turned slightly noisier. He blissfully asked Tenten questions again and again like he usually doesn't, like Tenten always wanted to hear. However, Tenten was too desperate to be concentrated on the conversation. She continuously replied only "yea" or "hmm" as if Neji's lovely questions were major annoyance to her, fortunately the Hyuga didn't really mind.

20 minutes unconsciously passed by, unconditionally forming an abnormal atmosphere as Neji was talking more than Tenten did. Tenten was secretly beating her sitting knees with her fists, squirmed around on the mat with the same color as her pants. In due course, her urge to pee had reached an intense state, reached a point where she couldn't resist the massive urine any longer.

Tenten felt like she had a huge rock stuck up inside her swollen bladder, desired for a leak more than anything else. She suddenly felt like being the main character in an epic Omorashi story, fearing that she would uncontrollably crack at any moment, wetting all over herself and the mat before the eyes of Neji. On top of that, the annoyingly blaring hissing sound of the water fall was driving Tenten's condition from bad to worse.

"I really hope we can be here forever," Neji wrong believed that Tenten thought he was too boring so she got internally irritated and tried to say about something else interesting, but he totally got the wrong idea. Without being alerted to Neji's words, Tenten abruptly leaned her body forward and held tightly to her pelvis. Few drops of urine squeezed and spurted out from her vagina, forming a wet, darker patch on her pink cotton panties. She felt like she was gonna pee herself completely and luckily regained control after all those efforts.

"Tenten are you sure you're alright?" Neji seemed to figure out the embarrassing nuisance that was bothering her all along. Tenten was more than a hundred percent sure that she would lose control any moment if she couldn't find any toilet around, cursing the very dreary fact that there should be none of them around and she mustn't show her bearing on her desperation with Neji here.

"Neji I…I need to take a walk around the forest," Tenten stood up all of sudden and crossed her legs immediately, couldn't stop moving her body for even a second. At that time, it was no doubt that her shameful bladder desperation was noticeable and apparent.

"You don't need to walk, you need to pee," Neji steadily rose his body up and gave Tenten an innocuous, caring stare, though the way he talked was kinda mean.

"No, I…I…" Tenten blushed, still wanting to defend her dignity as a kunoichi that admire and idolize the great female of the Sannin Tsunade, despite being unable to hold her liquid any longer. However, she couldn't speak clearly or express the sentences in her mind properly due to her enormous urge to pee.

"Byakugan!" Neji's pupils became more distinct and veins near his temple bulged, as he saw the extremely, unbelievably full bladder of Tenten and was surprised. And of course the very small wet patch on her panties, caused by the leaking of urine.

"Neji… you're so… bad," Neji's act seriously exasperated Tenten but she couldn't shout her feelings out, she couldn't help speaking like Hinata.

"Ah sorry Tenten, that wasn't really what I mean to do," Neji turned his head around slowly like a scanner, "there it is, 3o'clock and half a mile away from us."

Tenten crossed and grabbed her thighs hardly, charging towards where Neji said, hoping that she could reach the toilet in time. She felt like using all her strength to jump swiftly like a ninja does, but she has to focus on her bladder's muscle.

"Stop there you two!" Suddenly, two ninja's with their face covered appeared, just like those dumbass minor bad guys you normally see in Naruto's series.

"Handover all your money you Konoha ninjas," one of those two ninja shouted delightfully, totally underestimating them, especially the Taijutsu expert Neji Hyuga.

"It's them, the forest thieves we failed to capture at the C… I mean D-ranked mission last time! Now it's our chance Tenten!" Hmm, did Neji actually forget about Tenten's overwhelming dilemma? He's a too serious and insensible after all

Nevertheless, Tenten no longer has the intention, or the ability to fight, even with those rookie ninjas. Her bladder was feeling like an over-filled water balloon, if somebody were to bump to her, she would explode, sending cascades of urine to everyone and everything. Too bad on top of that, she forgot to bring her weapon scroll. If she did she would be able to fire some gigantic shurikens or kunais, defeating the thieves in a long range with simple effort.

Apparently, Tenten was out of her mind with desperation, unable to think rationally or logically. She eventually ignored the dumbasses and skipped over them with her tensely crossed legs, her confidence shattered due to their appearance, but she wasn't giving up yet. All she desired was to remove her pants, squad down and let everything out, though she wasn't sure how far the toilet was, or was she charging through the right direction. The weapon mistress kept running by her intuition, bet everything on her luck as she squeezed firmly on her vagina while doing so.

"Stop there right now you little brat!" 1 of the loser-liked thief shouted as he was slowly approaching Tenten. Obviously Tenten's running speed had greatly reduced due to her terribly overflowing bladder.

Fortunately, Neji Hyuga the ultimate Byakugan genius was here to save the day! He knocked the other one out, who was nearer to him. Neji managed to beat him up with mere Jūken, since the thief was, after all, a dummy ninja. Finish him off with Kaiten or Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four palms would be a humiliation to the almighty Hyuga skills.

The other bad guy however, threw a kunai to the rushing-to-the-bathroom weapon mistress. At that time Tenten was pressing her crotch with both of her hands with an incredibly immense effort, stopping her bladder from dribbling with all the willpower she had.

As Tenten was squeezing her muscles, focusing all the strength around her bladder, she was aware of the kunai shooting forward to her back, at a tremendously high speed. What surprised her was, a half-burning exploding tag was attached with the kunai!

Despite of being at the verge of wetting all over herself and in front of her beloved Neji Hyuga, Tenten was certain that if she happened to die she would not be able to become a great Kunoichi just like The Overlarge-breasts Fifth she admired. In fact, she had no choice but to risk terribly strained bladder again.

Ah!" Tenten groaned with agony as she jumped over the left side and fell on the ground with her knees. The bomb kunai abruptly hit the tree which was in front of Tenten, it brings out an explosion that caused unwanted, huge vibration. Poor little Tenten who was kneeling right beside the blast trembled with sorrowful tears, feeling irritatingly helpless as warm spurts of fresh urine started to squirt out from her vagina."No…no…"

Neji then beat the thief up in a couple of seconds and immediately headed towards where Tenten was. At the same time Tenten tried her best to stop her pee from flowing out, but it was hopeless. No matter how hard she closed her thighs against each other, it was impossible to stop the long-held ### from bursting out, from drenching her slightly soaked pink cotton panties.

Neji wasn't aware of the unluckiest thing was happening to Tenten but he was worried, since Tenten barely dodged that explosion. Tenten's panties was unable to absorb the massive urine coming out anymore as it overflowed out, wetting her maroon pants and giving her crotch and her thighs a warm, wet sensation.

"Tenten are you okay?" Neji kneeled down as he tried to help Tenten from standing up by supporting her with his arms.

Tenten felt awfully embarrassing as she was still losing control, wetting herself like a little girl in front of her boyfriend. She couldn't stand the horrible humiliation and frustration, as despairing tears rolled out from her beautiful eyes.

The pee soon streamed down all over the ground and formed a lovely urine-pool around Tenten. She was completely sure that her precious lover had already noticed what was happening. Hence, she was too shameful to look at Neji and kept staring on the ground, on her own pee-puddle as her face turned to a brilliant red from pale.

"I'm sorry about this, Tenten," Neji wasn't quite sure about what to say after witnessing the most embarrassing moment of her girlfriend. Tenten remained quiet and again, a tense atmosphere was formed. He could hear Tenten whining and sobbing soundlessly.

After a few moments of hesitation, Neji closed his large, shiny white eyes and gave Tenten a delicious, electrical kiss on her blushing face. Tenten was surprised, not by the sudden kissing, but by the unexplainable amusement she was feeling. She no longer felt embarrassing about peeing herself, and realized that how much Neji cared about her. Steadily, she shifted the angle she was gazing to the front of Neji's face.

Neji whipped her tears away with his masculine hands and hugged her tightly. Tenten could feel the warmth of Neji's body, and the love within his heart.

It was a nostalgic, unforgettable date and desperation experience for Tenten. Even though she didn't make it to the toilet at last, even though she peed herself in front of Neji, she realized that how deep their love to each other is. And she learned that nothing is shameful about Neji knowing her wetting herself because they are closed to each other.

Well also, of course, Tenten learned the lesson of not to delay and endure her need to pee for the sake of her dignity. After all, nothing is more awful than wetting herself!

"Tenten, are… you free for a breakfast tomorrow?" Neji Hyuga, the Jonin of Hyuga Clan in Konoha, stared and asked his charming female teammate for a date. Despite being a serious, cold and stoic person, he actually had been having a crush on the only kunoichi from his team for a long time.

Tenten the weapon specialist stood there, stunned by this sudden, unexpected invitation from the guy she had always loved since they first met. Though Neji looked too serious for her to tell him her feelings and devotion to him. "My god it's gonna be our first date tomorrow" Tenten told herself as her face turned into a brilliant red. The stars above shined and lightened the appearance of the new couple of Konoha.

What happened this night was too amazing for Tenten to believe. She delightedly lied on her bed unable to sleep, constantly raising her body up, drinking a long glass of fresh milk as she was daydreaming about her time with Neji tomorrow.

The morning she had longed for finally reached, Tenten was too busy imagining last night and so she didn't sleep well. As she woke and glanced at the very cute alarm clock Guy Sensei gave her, always reminding Team Guy that being a ninja we should wake up in time, she was shocked. Neji told her to come at 9 and it was less than 10 minutes more to 9o'clock! She regretted from being careless and too happy to remember of having her alarm set.

She quickly changed into her adorable china-style ninja outfit, rushed to the basin and cleaned herself up, ignored, or probably forgot and didn't have the time to care for anything, including visiting the toilet to settle her morning pee of course. She wasn't aware of the milk she drank last night which turned into urine in her bladder at all.

"Hell, I'm gonna be late!" Tenten dashed out from window and bounced from buildings to buildings hastily, she even forgot about equipping her weapon scroll. Since it was their first date Tenten certainly wanted to give Neji a good impression. Moreover, she cares a lot about how Neji thinks of her and she had already always being overly dependent on other people during missions or battles. At first she planned to reach there before Neji does but now she only concerned about not to be late.

Eventually Tenten reached the famous Ichiraku Ramen Bar, Naruto and Iruka's favorite place to eat. Neji was already there leaning against the side of the bar, the bright morning sun formed a shadow of him on the ground as he did a chilling smile seeing Tenten's arrival.

"Sorry Neji, I'm late," Tenten didn't actually need to apologize, how would Neji blamed his pretty girlfriend for being few minutes late?

Neji felt an unexplainable contentment when he saw Tenten, but he wasn't good at expressing himself, "we are not on a mission today so, doesn't matter."

"Let me take you to a special place," Neji was carrying a fully packed large bag. Tenten looked confused and asked, "didn't you say we're gonna eat Ichiraku Ramen?"

"Well I've changed my mind, I want to make our very first time unforgettable," Neji explained and held Tenten's hand like the romance movie he watched last midnight, since he actually wasn't sure what should he act like in a date.

Soon they went out from the gate of their beloved village Konoha, and Tenten followed Neji into a silent forest. As their heading towards their destination, Tenten could feel her bladder requesting for a relief.

"Now, here we are Tenten," Tenten slowly widen her attractive feminine eyes as it was too glaring under the bright sunlight.

"Wow Neji, how did you find this place? It's wonderful!" Tenten literally felt like flying, amazed by the enchanting scene of the waterfall.

As they approached nearer to the waterfall, Neji sat down and opened his bag steadily. He took a maroon mat, some egg sandwiches and a jar with fresh orange juice out from there and started to set everything up.

As Tenten squatted down and tried to help Neji, she felt a stronger pressure rushing from her bladder, she quickly closed her thighs inside her maroon pants firmly. Now that she noticed that she hadn't pee for hours since last night, and she was pretty sure that she couldn't hold it for much longer. She observed around unhurriedly, hoping that her boyfriend couldn't find out about her searching, for the very needed ladies' room.

Unfortunately for Tenten, she couldn't see any toilets around as she expected, since they were inside a quiet forest. "Tenten are you alright, you look so anxious," Neji was aware of Tenten's expression, as he is a very determined ninja even without activating his Byakugan.

Tenten should have told her lover about her personal problem now, nevertheless… "Uh nothing, I guess I'm just too nervous, hehe."

Since it was their first date, Tenten want to be dignified in front of Neji. Furthermore, Tenten thought that someone serious as Neji would probably think that needing to go toilet is unnecessary or rather an immature act. Most importantly, Tenten was too shy to tell Neji she needed the toilet so much and she wasn't sure if there was any here so she must waste their important dating time searching for it.

Tenten bit her lips, clenched her fist as her desperation grew stronger and stronger moments by moments, trying every unsuspicious movements to hold the pee inside her exhausting bladder. She was fighting so hard with her bladder for the sake of her pride and glory in front of Neji.

* * *

I got this from google, just look it up, it may pop out. just wanted to share it with the rest of you.

%http://www.experienceproject.com/stories/Like-See-Girls-Desperate-To-Pee/911412

*002*2011-06-22 04:01

{{:

I have moved your topic to Fanfiction section as this is a story and not a real life experience. All fiction stories must go in Fanfiction.

}}

Sorry, I didn't know there was a fanfiction area; hence that I put it in this area.

{{:

I removed the duplicate story, I moved the original story to fanfiction.

}}

Thanks, and sorry for duplicating it, I didn't know where you had put it so you know.

