Master and Servant - Page 2

Author: Sunny

*029*2014-11-04 01:28

{{:

Are you sure you aren't Rowling's evil twin? I mean, this story is really good, and it seems to remind me of Draco and Hermoine exactly as in the books. Interesting that Malfoy would outsmart her on identifying ingredients that would make the potion he wanted, but then again, I suppose it could be passed off as she just wasn't thinking like that where perverted Draco was. LOL. Anyway, great new chapter!

}}

Lol I'm not worth of even being Rowling's 14th cousin twice removed! But thanks so much I'm glad you like the story so far :) As far as the whole potion thing, I figured its a bit of perversion on Draco's party, yeah. Hermione wouldn't ever have a need to make a potion that would cause someone to wet themselves on command. I figure that since Draco is a Slytherin, he'd be willing to use any means necessary to find out ;)

*030*2014-11-06 04:43

Guest Character wetting in this chapter! I remember someone asking about if there would be anyone else wet in this story, so I guess here's the answer to that one :) I have a long run of shifts before I get another day off, so I decided to post this one quickly. Originally, this was supposed to be a long chapter, but I decided to break it up into two separate ones. Enjoy!

Chapter Six: Hogsmade (Hermione)

Hermione woke up on Saturday morning a little earlier than she normally did. She was loathe to admit it to anyone, but very privately she was excited. Draco hadn't been quite as wrong as she insisted when he teased her about liking their Master and Servant game. She rolled over onto her stomach in bed, cuddling into her pillow. Actually, the more she thought about it, the more she realized how much she really did enjoy playing.

She felt a blush creep into her cheeks, but smiled into the fluff of her pillow. It wasn't that she liked Draco Malfoy in any sense of romance, but she knew she had a really unconventional kink. It was nice to be able to share and experiment with it with someone, even if that someone was a spoiled Slytherin brat. And after everything that happened on Thursday, she felt more comfortable with him than ever. Thinking about what happened in the secret passage way made her blush even hotter into her pillow.

It was literally the worst she'd ever had to use the loo in her life, even worse than the very first time she'd wet herself at school. Her muscles were stronger now than they were when she was eleven, so while it was difficult not to let it leak out, it also caused her bladder to go much too tight. By the time she met Draco in the secret passage, she was throbbing painfully. Part of her wanted to just let go, but she knew that Draco would make her pee in front of everyone. That fear was enough to give her the strength to hold on, but there was only so much her body could handle.

She remembered her heart hammering in her chest as she waited for Draco to finish inspecting her panties and let her go when suddenly pain stabbed through her lower abdomen. She managed to keep quiet, but she couldn't keep dry. Fear radiated through her as she lost spurts and dribbles of liquid between her legs. She'd been so scared he'd find her out that she figured it was better to tell him honestly and then beg...

Hermione rolled back over onto her back, looking up at the canopy of her bed. Who knew he'd actually been concerned enough about her health and comfort enough to stop the game? Not only that, but she was sure letting her make her own rules today was his way of truly apologizing. It was almost....sweet of him. And she was excited at the offer too. I wonder if I admitted I really liked to play if I could have more input...But telling him something like that might give him too big of an advantage...She sighed and sat up in bed, stretching a bit, when her bladder gave a sudden pang of need.

Ever since Thursday when she'd been taking his potion, she'd had more desperate, sudden urges like that. She figured it was a side effect and noticed they started to wane a bit the longer she went without consuming any more. Still, she made a low noise and held herself. Surprisingly, she heard a fellow whimper from the bed beside her.

“I hate it when Parvati takes so long in the loo,” Lavender groaned softly. Hermione pulled back her curtains to find the blonde girl sitting on her bed and holding herself, “Do you need to go too, Hermione?” It was Hermione's turn to blush and she quickly moved her hand out from between her legs. Another throb of desperation surged and she immediately put it back with a soft noise.

“Mmm...yeah I've had to go since I woke up, but I heard the shower running,” Hermione said softly, “I think I drank too much yesterday...” Lavender nodded, squirming in place and crossing her legs.

“I forgot to go before I went to bed,” she said quietly, looking at Hermione with a helpless look. Hermione immediately felt sorry for the girl. Lavender had a tinier bladder than most. When she was a first year, she regularly wet her bed. She'd grown up out of it, but Parvati taking her time in the loo was clearly taking its toll. She was dancing in bed, holding herself with whimpers and moans of desperation.

“Hermione...I don't think I can wait...you won't tell on me if I wet myself, right?” she asked, looking at Hermione with tears in her eyes. Watching her made Hermione only need to go even worse. Her need was almost unbearable too. She swallowed and shook her head.

“I won't tell if you won't tell....I can't hold it either,” she said softly, making a show of squirming in her sheets. Honestly, she could have easily waited until Parvati got out, but this was much more fun.

“Okay,” Lavender whimpered softly, blushing as she looked away. Hermione watched the girl squirm and then sudden go still with a quiet sob. The blankets around her darkened with her as she wet herself. Seeing Lavender let go caused another harsh throb rock her bladder. She spread her legs a little in her bed and relax, giving a soft sigh as a stream of pee warmed the crotch of her panties. She went slowly, letting her bedding soak up the contents of her bladder. When she finished, she looked over at Lavender who was rubbing tears off her cheeks.

“Did you go?” Hermione asked as though she hadn't noticed her pee. Lavender sniffled and nodded.

“Me too,” Hermione said, feigning a shy murmur. Lavender gave her a sympathetic look.

“Let's clean up...I want to be out of here before Parvati gets out of the bathroom,” Lavender said. Hermione nodded and slipped out of bed, shivering when the cold morning air hit her wet panties. Lavender did the same and Hermione took a longer look at her friend's soaked pajama bottoms than she needed to. The girls cleaned themselves and their beds, promising again not to tell anyone about the other's accident. Lavender dressed and left, leaving Hermione to ponder an outfit for Hogsmade. She didn't have to wear her uniform and it was a bit cold for late September. She pulled out a dark pair of skinny jeans and a blue jumper, light in fabric but warm enough for the chilly day. A pair of brown boots finished off the look and she put her bushy hair in a pony tail before leaving the castle.

It wasn't a very crowded Hogsmade trip, which Hermione was thankful for. She met Draco at the village gates a little later than everyone else. She noticed he looked quite nice in his black slacks, green turtle neck, and polished shoes. Very prim and proper, as always. She shook her head, finding his likeness very similar to a peacock.

“You took your time,” he said as she walked up, “It's cold out here you know.”

“It's not that bad,” she replied as they fell into step, “I had an interesting morning.”

“Oh really?” he asked her dryly “Tell me, what on Earth could be SO interesting in the Gryffindor tower so early in the morning when you have someone waiting on you?”

“Lavender Brown and I wet ourselves while waiting for Parvati Patil to get out of the loo,” she said calmly. Draco almost tripped and she was very tempted to laugh.

“You what?” he asked, recovering his balance.

“You're not to tell anyone,” she added, “Or else my rules for myself today are just going to be me using the toilet.”

“You're threatening me?” he asked, eyebrows raised. She gave him a hard stare.

“Yes I am,” she said “because I know you get off on watching me piss myself. So you can either promise me you won't tell about Lavender and I give you a willing show or you get to spend the day with me bored out of your mind.”

The look on his face was utterly priceless and she had to smirk. He was beside himself, but she couldn't tell if he was angry or impressed. He was, she noticed, definitely interested in playing along with her rules.

“I'll agree on one condition,” he finally offered.

“And what's that?” she asked.

“I want your memory of this morning,” he said “and I promise I won't share about the two of you.”

“Deal,” she said, “Do you have a vial on you?”

He did happen to have an extra in his bag and she removed her memory of her wet with Lavender for him to keep. He grinned.

“Alright,” he said, “so what do you want to do?”

Hermione blushed a little as they walked along the village path. She knew exactly what she wanted to do, but was a little embarrassed and nervous about it.

“I want to wet myself in the Three Broomsticks,” she said softly. Draco stopped and stared at her which only made her blush deepen.

“I thought you didn't like to wet yourself in public where people could see?” he asked.

“I never said that,” she said, looking away from him, “I just don't want people to notice.”

She could feel the entire game shift. She'd opened a door to a whole new realm of possibilities. She wasn't sure if she wanted to kick herself for it or start giving him suggestions. Damn.

“Okay, done,” Draco said, hands sliding into his pockets, “anything else?”

“I want to be allowed to leak,” she said, “I won't have an accident unless we're in the pub, and not until you tell me its okay...but I don't want to be in trouble if I leak a little here and there.”

“Alright,” he said, “You won't be punished unless you have an accident outside of the Three Broomsticks before I say so. Deal?”

“Deal.”

She saw Draco smirk out of the corner of her eye. She'd given him some creative license with her rules today, but only because she liked it when he told her what to do—specifically when he was controlling her bladder. But she was curious how the outcome would be if they were both aiming for a common goal.

“Do you have to pee right now?” Draco asked curiously as they entered the main hub of the village.

“No,” Hermione answered calmly, “but I could go for a drink.”

*039*2014-11-15 01:22

{{:

This story is seriously awesome! You have an amzing writing style that I've only seen a few other times. That being said, it would be awesome if you threw some diapers in, but I understand if that isn't your cup of tea.

}}

Thank you, and to everyone else for all the encouragement!

Unfortunately, diapers aren't my cup of tea, but there is going to be an installment of this story that has a diaper-pull up sort of element to it that I do have planned :)

New chapter should be up next Wednesday as long as I don't get writers block again >_<

*044*2014-12-10 07:27

Wow, sorry for the long time between updates guys! I've been crazy busy between work and school! Thanks for sticking with me this long.

### Note ### Content gets a bit nsfw toward the end of this chapter.

Chapter Seven: Waterfall

They collectively decided to save the Three Broomsticks for last, but there were plenty of other places in the village that could play the role of filling Hermione's bladder. There were tea shops, smaller pubs, and Honeydukes sold a variety of flavored sweet drinks that Hermione seemed to be quite fond of. Hogshead pub in general was rather well known for not caring about age limits when serving alcohol either and after some mild prompting, Draco had managed to convince her into a couple of rounds of Dragon's Brew. She seemed to do quite well with it, a little more relaxed at their corner table and a little bit flushed in the cheeks, but Draco could tell he hadn't gotten her drunk by any means. They stayed in the pub for another hour, Hermione drinking water and butterbeers while they chatted about school work and projects they were both involved with.

As they talked, Draco noticed her starting to shift a little in her chair. Nothing serious, just subtle crossing of her ankles and sliding forward a touch. He checked his watch and smiled a little. They arrived in Hogsmade at about noon and it was nearly four o'clock. They had until eight that night before they had to be back at the castle. He figured they'd get to the Three Broomsticks around seven, so if she was starting to need, that was perfect timing for him.

“I'm going to the loo,” he said casually, loving the look of realization on her face when he mentioned it. He got up and left, knowing she was conscious of her own need if she hadn't been before. When he returned, he was pleased to see her fidgeting a little bit more.

“Let's go,” he told her, “I'm sick of sitting around this pub.”

“Alright,” Hermione answered, standing a little slowly. Discomfort was clear on her face and she shifted her weight from foot to foot slowly, “Hey, Draco? Can I go use the loo too?”

At first, the innocence in her voice when she asked threw him off. Of course he wouldn't allow her to go, surely she knew that? And then it hit him like a bludger. She knew he'd say no, of course. His stomach gave a very pleasant turn and gave a light smirk. She was playing submissive.

“No, not yet,” he admonished gently, “we agreed, remember?”

Hermione actually pouted at his words, her hands ringing in the hem of her light blue sweater near her crotch.

“I know, but...”

“You're a big girl,” he mused, “you can wait.” Hermione blushed and nodded, “Good. Let's head out.”

Draco slipped his arm around her shoulders like it was the most natural thing in the world and led her out of Hogshead. Honestly, much to his surprise, doing so wasn't even difficult even though she was a mudblood. In fact, he sort of...liked the way she felt there. She had a good height for a girl, not too tall and not too short. She fit right against his side perfectly, almost like a puzzle piece. He banished the thought from his head and led her up the village path.

“Are we going to the Shrieking Shack?” Hermione asked him as they walked.

“Does it bother you?” he asked her.

“No,” she said casually, “its nice up there. Quiet.”

“Unless the ghosts are active,” he muttered, remembering how the last time he'd been up there he'd gotten a face full of mud and damn near dragged through the gates of hell. Hermione chuckled, clearly remembering the same. He scowled and let go of her, shoving his hands in his pockets.

“There won't be any ghosts today,” she said as they headed up the hill. Draco rolled his eyes.

“Shut up about the ghosts, Granger,” he said gruffly. She shrugged her shoulders and let the topic drop. He wasn't scared of them. Not at all. More importantly, why wasn't she scared of them? What was wrong with Gryffindors? The ghosts of the Shrieking Shack liked to try and hurt people, and it was a well documented phenomenon. Did she and her housemates have no sense of self preservation?

He glanced over at her, but was surprised to find her not there. He stopped and looked behind him. His confusion turned quickly to a smirk. The hill heading up the the shack was steep, and she was having problems climbing it with her filling bladder. She was taking the hill with slow, careful, steps with her thighs pressed close together. She glanced up and caught his eye, which only deepened his smirk. He watched her blush and thread her lower lip through her teeth.

“Something the matter?” he asked knowingly, which only made her blush more.

“You know it is...” she said softly as she continued his slow pace to where he was standing.

“I'm afraid I don't,” he smiled, walking again only when she was beside him, “Do keep up, Hermione, it'll be time to leave the village if we walk that slow.” Her whine was music to his ears, but she did start walking a little more quickly.

“I told you at the pub, I need to go to the loo,” she sighed as they reached the top of the hill. The shack came into view and they started toward it.

“No you didn't,” he grinned, “You asked if you could use it. You didn't say you needed it.” She groaned in irritation.

“Its the same thing,” she mumbled, pouting again which made him chuckle.

“Hermione, would you have actually gone to the toilet if I'd allowed it? I thought you didn't like them,” he said as they reached the fence outside the house. They stopped, leaning against it and looking over at the old little house. Hermione blushed a little and shifted her weight again.

“I don't mind the toilets in Hogsmade,” she said softly.

“Just the ones at the school?” he asked curiously. She nodded. “Why?”

“I guess...its because of that troll,” she said after a moment's pause to think, “Since then...I actually haven't used a toilet that wasn't in my dormitory or in Hogsmade.”

“You've used the floor plenty of times,” he teased. She tossed him a scowl, scarlet in the face. He laughed, shaking his head as he looked away. He could tell, no he could practically hear her ripping him a new one already from the look alone.

“Its not like I could really help it at first,” she huffed defensively, “I couldn't go in the other toilets...”

“So you learned to like it,” he said. He got another scowl, but not one as intense as before, “you liked it right from the off?” She blushed badly and looked away.

“You know,” he sighed “I can read body language. You've been denying it every time I suggest it, but I've seen you, Hermione. You do like it.”

“So?” she huffed, a little defensively, “Its not like you can get off teasing me for it when you obviously like it too.”

“I wasn't going to tease you,” he said honestly, looking over at her again. She looked surprised and he couldn't really blame her. After all, they'd started this game under the pretense of blackmail. She looked like she was going to say something, but then her eyes widened in shock and she suddenly shoved her hand into her crotch and crossed her legs around it hard.

“Aaaahhhhh...oh god...” she moaned, bending her knees a little. Draco blinked, eyebrows furrowing in confusion. She shouldn't be quite that close yet. They still had a couple hours to go. Was it the alcohol?

“Something you want to tell me?” he asked, keeping his voice calm and controlled.

“I...I really have to go all of the sudden...” she whimpered softly, “Ever since Thursday, I get like this...” Draco's eyes widened at the revelation and guilt struck him hard again. He swallowed. Maybe he really did damage her....she shouldn't be holding so soon, it could cause more problems. He rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly and turned away.

“Go ahead,” he said, “its fine.”

“Wait what?” she asked, her tone immediately less whiny and confused. He looked back over at her. She was still dancing, but it wasn't as intense.

“Look,” he sighed, “Obviously I pushed you over your limits the other day and I told you I didn't want you breaking.” She stared at him.

“Its the potion you gave me,” she said after a moment, “on Thursday? It has some side effects. I'm not in any pain.”

“You're sure that's all it is?” he asked seriously.

“Of course I'm sure,” she said, slowly standing back up, “I get a strong pulse of desperation, but then it ebbs off on its own and I'm fine. It was stronger Friday, and today this is only the second time its happened.”

“The first time was this morning,” he said, “when you wet the bed, right?”

“Yeah, but I wet on purpose,” she said, then blushed when she realized what she'd said. He was sure the shock on his face was readable. But if she ever said she didn't like the game again, he was going to hold that statement over her head forever. He watched her for a long moment. She was desperate, but she didn't seem to be about to wet herself uncontrollably.

“So, you're alright then? You don't need to stop holding?” he asked her. She shook her head.

“No, I'm fine,” she insisted, “I can finish the game.”

“Alright,” he said with a nod, leaning back against the fence, “if it gets too much and hurts any time we play, I need you to let me know.”

“What, like a safeword?” she asked. Draco gave her an incredulous look.

“How in the name of Merlin do you even know that term?” he asked in complete disbelief. He got an eyeroll in response.

“Please, Draco,” she scoffed, “its not like I've been ducking into castle corners to have tea parties.”

“Fair enough,” he said with a dry chuckle, shaking his head, “work 'waterfall' into a sentence and I'll know you're past your limits.”

“Alright,” she agreed, leaning back over the fence, hands out of he crotch but her legs were still crossed. He smirked at her posture, but also at this new alliance they seemed to have developed. She basically had come out and said she enjoyed the game, which was a good step forward. If he could get her to play along and truly enjoy herself, there was no real need for the blackmail. Not that she needed to know that, of course.

They stood in silence, both in their own thoughts for awhile longer. It was a comfortable silence, nothing that needed prompting for chatter. Hermione had been right, it was quiet up at the Shrieking Shack. Peaceful in a way Draco didn't expect to enjoy. Honestly, he'd brought her up her to try and scare her into leaking, but there was no way that was going to work. He settled for watching her out of the corner of his eye.

Hermione was dancing, subtly at least for now. It seemed like since that first wave of desperation, she couldn't hold still for longer than about three minutes at a time. He smiled as her hips swayed, watching her weight shift from foot to foot. She'd cross her ankles, then uncross them. Press her thighs together and bend a touch at the knees. He smirked a little when she caught him staring, making her turn a little pink. She put that pout back on and held herself lightly.

“I really do need the loo, though...” she murmured softly, giving him an innocent, pleading sort of look. It gave him the best kind of chills.

“Hmm...you are being a very good girl today,” he mused thoughtfully, noting the hope in her eyes, “maybe you deserve a little reward.”

“Please, Master?” she asked, crossing her leg over where she held her hand, expression hopeful. He smiled and gently touched her cheek.

“Why don't we find you a place where you can have a little relief, hm?” he said in a low, gentle tone. Hermione blushed and nodded, dancing with her hand in place.

“Thank you,” she said, sighing happily.

Draco knew just the place. He hadn't been too fond of the Shrieking Shack itself, but if one continued down the path it was on, it led into a little clearing in the woods. A clearing with a little bubbling brook. He walked slowly with her, seeing as she couldn't exactly walk very fast. The promise of relief was clearly making her all the more desperate.

“Are we almost there?” she asked, a low whine of need in her tone.

“Almost pet,” he soothed, “Just wait a little longer. You can do it, can't you?”

“I think so,” Hermione whimpered softly, holding herself as they walked. He grinned at her display as they continued on. The clearing came into view a few moments later. As Draco thought, no one was around today though it was a popular picnic spot.

“What do you think?” he asked her. Hermione was holding herself with both hands now as she looked around. Her eyes fell on the little bubbling brook and Draco could tell just by looking at her that it magnified her need. She whimpered, dancing again.

“I hafta wee,” she gasped desperately, moaning a little as she bent at the knees, “Draco, please...its gonna come out...”

“Not yet,” he said, his tone gentle but firm, “you'll get your jeans all wet and then everyone will know what a bad girl you were.” She whined softly, dancing.

“If you take them off for me, you can let a little out,” he prompted as he sat down against a boulder right next to the little brook, “come over here.” She danced a little in place at first, but walked over to him. The gurgling of the brook was louder there, making her wince and fidget more.

“Go on then, take them off if you want to wee a bit,” Draco said.

Hermione whined and he smirked. The way she was dressed, she'd have to unzip her boots first. Her body trembled as she lowered herself into a squat, whimpering. That was a very common pose for her to pee in and Draco could tell by the way her rear quivered that she was trying her hardest not to let go just like that. She unzipped her boots with trembling fingers, pulling them and her socks off as quickly as she could before standing back up. She was dancing again, fast and desperate as she moved her fingers to the button on her jeans. She undid it and the zip there too, groaning as she worked to wiggle the tight pants off her body. She was wearing a sunset orange pair of panties, checkered with lighter shades of the color, and a lavender lace trim around the edges. She stood there, wearing only her blue sweater that just barely covered her panties, long legs exposed and dancing. Draco watched her for a moment, relishing in the heat that was flooding through his lower regions.

“Lift your sweater out of the way, Hermione,” admonished gently, “You'll get it all wet where it is.”

Hermione whimpered, crossing her legs as she pulled the hem of her sweater out of the way, exposing her panties and bare tummy. She had a bit of a bulge there, her full bladder visible. Draco loved it.

“Spread your legs too,” he said, “don't get them wet.”

Hermione whimpered, but did as he asked, spreading her legs wide as she held up her sweater. Her body trembled with the effort of holding back all the drinks she'd had.

“Draco....ooooh....its gonna come out,” she whined softly, body tensing against the flood.

“Then let it,” he said with a smile, “just be sure to stop when I say.”

The response he got was immediate. The crotch of her panties slowly bloomed a dark orange patch. Hermione was whimpering, tensing and relaxing her muscles against a full stream. It didn't work for long. A few light spurts dripped down to the grass before she gave in. Her body relaxed and a full stream of urine arched straight out of her soaked panties.

“Aaaaahhhh....” she sighed in blissful relief.

Draco allowed it, but only for a moment so he could take in the sight.

“Stop!” he commanded, no warning whatsoever. Hermione gasped in surprise, but the stream cut off immediately and she tangled her legs together, hands squeezing her dripping wet center with a desperate moan. Draco had to be impressed, though a little disappointed. He thought he'd at least get a few desperate spurts down her legs when she cut off full stream like that.

“Put your pants back on,” Draco told her, “shoes and socks too.”

“I still need to go...” she whimpered, dancing as she did as she was told.

“I know that,” he said “but you're not going to finish until later. Didn't letting a little out feel good?”

“Yes,” she sighed unhappily as she buttoned her jeans and rezipped her boots. He chuckled as he inspected her. There was a damp spot on her jeans where her wet panties had touched the fabric, but she was otherwise fine. No one would be able to tell she'd just pissed through her panties.

“Let's head back to the village,” he suggested, “I want to buy you a treat for being such a good girl and do a little shopping.”

“Yes Master,” she sighed, “Thank you...”

They headed back down into Hogsmade, Hermione fidgeting still. They stopped in at Honeydukes and he bought her a very large, multiflavored shaved ice. Hermione shivered, holding the cold thing in her hands, but started in on it. Draco knew that the cold treat would work wonders on her body. When she'd finished with that, and he'd done a little shopping in some of the higher end stores (his mother had a birthday coming up) they went back and he bought her a hot cider almost bigger than the icy treat. She took it gratefully, but he could see the dread growing on her face as he handed her the mug.

A half hour later saw them in Zonko's Joke Shop, which was thankfully less busy than normal. Not that Draco really cared, but Hermione could not keep still, quiet, or her hands out from between her legs.

“Draco,” she whimpered, dancing vigorously as she whispered, “I can't hold it! I'm gonna...I'm gonna pee...I'm really gonna pee!”

“You are not,” he replied calmly as he picked up a wind up box curiously, “We have fifteen minutes before we head over to the Three Broomsticks. You can pee when we get there.”

“But I can't,” she groaned, desperately bending at the waist with her legs crossed, “Ohhh...I really, really can't...”

“You're not going to pee here,” he said in a stern tone as he wound up the box, “It's not allowed.”

She let out a choked sob, and Draco glanced up to see that her eyes were a little wet. She pouted at him, fingers pressing deeply into her crotch as she danced back and forth, crossing her legs. She looked adorable, yes, but he was worried for a moment that she was in pain. He reasoned not, though, after all they'd just discussed what to do if she went past her limit. Sheer desperation was the cause, he was certain. He smiled a little bit.

“Don't cry, Hermione,” he said gently, “You can go pee soon.” The toy he'd been absentmindedly cranking clicked. The lid flew open and fireworks exploded out of it, making Draco drop the box and stumble back in shock. The display went on for at least a minute, Draco laughing as his heart raced from scaring himself.

He recovered and looked up at Hermione. The grin slowly faded into a frown as he took in her position. Her face was screwed up in a silent cry, one hand up at her lip, biting down at her thumb while tears trickled down her cheeks. Her legs were crossed tight, knees bent, and she was pulling her sweater down with her other hand as far as it would go. It wasn't enough to hide the dark, wet lines that ran down to her knees, or the stream dribbling out of her jeans at the curve of her butt. He raised an eyebrow, watching her grow a tiny puddle before she managed to stop her flow.

“Are you done?” he asked her, clearly no longer amused.

“N-no,” she sniffled, body trembling, “I'm sorry...it startled me and I couldn't...I couldn't hold it...”

“You disappoint me,” he said with a heavy sigh, “now you're going to have to wait. I think we'll have a few drinks at the Three Broomsticks now before you're allowed to finish your wee.” Hermione whimpered, but didn't argue, she only looked down in shame. She didn't need to cross her legs or hold herself anymore, that much was obvious. She was still pulling down her sweater, trying to hide the stain. Instead, Draco took her hand away.

“Let me see how much damage you did,” he said. She groaned and spread her legs obediently, letting his hand slide between her thighs. She was soaked through the crotch and around her rear end. The streams had left wet patches down both thighs where she had her legs crossed and stopped at the knee. Her jeans were dark, so it was hard to tell what she'd just did. The most telling sign was the tiny puddle on the floor at her feet. He pulled his hand away, guessing she'd been losing heavy spurts and streams the entire minute the toy was going off, and then obviously a little after it.

“Let's head over to the Three Broomsticks,” he said “we'll get you filled back up.”

“Yes Master,” she sniffled softly, pouting, “I'm sorry...”

Draco shook his head, scowling as he led her out of the store. As irritated as he was acting, Draco loved what he'd seen. He wasn't sure if Hermione was putting on a show or truly embarrassed by her small accident, but either way he loved how it looked while she peed uncontrollably into her jeans. It excited him knowing she'd be doing it again in a little while. He took her into the Three Broomsticks and got a table in the corner. They had forty-five minutes before they needed to start heading up to the castle. He sighed, having no help for it then.

“I didn't want to have to punish you,” he sighed, “but after you made a mess in Zonko's you don't give me much of a choice.”

“I said I was sorry,” she pouted, “It scared me, I couldn't help but go...”

“That's no excuse,” he said sternly, pulling out a very tiny vial from his bag. Hermione regarded it with dread.

“Is that...?”

“Yes,” he said “but its a different mix of what I gave you Thursday. Now, you're only getting one drop in each drink, but trust me, it will be enough.” She nodded, looking a little fearful. Draco ordered her a gillywater and a butterbeer. He put a drop of the potion in each and ordered her to finish them. Once she was done with the first two, she was back to wiggling uncomfortably in her chair. He ordered her some hot cider next, another gillywater, and three more butterbeers. All of them came with a drop of potion. Draco smirked at his work, glancing at his watch.

“Nearly time to head back,” he said casually, “how do you feel?”

Hermione couldn't answer him, however. Both hands were tightly curled into her crotch, her legs crossed. She couldn't rock or wiggle anymore, her bladder would give way if she moved that much. She sat there, body taunt as a wire about to snap, trembling and breathing shallowly.

“Hermione?” he pressed, wanting an answer despite how difficult it was.

“I...” she started breathlessly, “I...I have to...I have to go...gotta go...”

“Go where? Back to the castle?” he asked, feigning innocence to her need. She shook her head, face glowing.

“The loo...I need to...Ooohhhh....Can't...can't hold it....”

“Ah, the loo,” he said, nodding slowly, “I understand. Get up and go then, the door is just right there.” Hermione looked over, body shaking in the direction he pointed. As if by some glorious act of God, a toilet flushed, making her shudder badly and look away.

“I can't move,” she whimpered softly.

“How on earth are you going to go to the loo if you can't move?” he asked curiously. Hermione just whimpered, gasping shallowly as she tightened the grip on herself.

“I...” she whimpered, tears suddenly filling her eyes, “I can't....”

“Quite an issue,” he mused, “What will you do instead?”

“I....I...Ahhhhhaaa....I'm gonna wet myself....” she moaned, “please....please I have to pee...”

“Well I never,” Draco scoffed, “I thought you were a grown young lady. You want to wet all over the chair like a child?”

“Yes...ohhhhh yes I do....please Draco....I can't make it to the toilet....” she begged desperately, giving a soft sob.

“You won't even try to make it to the toilet,” he said “Why should I let you just go all over the chair?”

“Please! Please oh god please....just let me pee right here....I can't stand up....I can't hold it anymore....” she gasped, whining desperately, moaning, “its starting to trickle out...”

“Hermine Granger, get up and go to the toilet this instant,” Draco ordered, “I'll not have you wetting yourself like a child because you're too lazy to walk to the loo!”

Sobbing again, tears running down her cheeks, Hermione struggled to stand up. Her entire body was shaking as she slowly got to her feet. Her legs where locked together, one hand pressing tightly to her presumably leaking hole as the other held the side of the table to keep her upright. Draco saw a few bursts of urine flow through her fingers and into her pants.

“Hurry up, you're making a mess!” he scolded. She whimpered, shuffling toward the bathroom door. She only got as far as the side of her chair before she had to hold the back of it for support, more pee streaming through her fingers. She moaned, bending at the knees.

“I can't...Master please...ohhh please let me pee right here,” she begged. Draco smirked, glad he'd seated them in the back so no one else could hear or see this.

“Do you want to piss your pants that badly?” he asked her.

“Yes....oh god yes...let me piss myself, Master please....” she gasped desperately, “I can't make it to the loo....”

“Naughty girl you are,” he smirked, but he had a great view, “do it then.”

The next sound he heard was a strong hiss and a moan of relief as Hermione let go of her bladder. Draco watched her completely soak through her tight jeans, the fabric glistening as pee flooded down to her boots and puddled below her. Her body slowly relaxed, though she never did remove her hand from her crotch.

“Ohhhh god...it won't stop...Ahhhhh...” Hermione sighed blissfully, looking down at herself a minute later, still peeing forcefully. Draco smirked, knowing it wouldn't any time soon. The potion would have pulled everything she'd drank right down to her bladder. He was surprised she'd hung on for as long as she had. Her jeans were fully soaked, not a dry spot on them at all. She spread her legs a little, fingers still pressed against herself. Streams of pee splashed down from her fingers, the sides of her inner thighs, and back from around her rear, all joining the massive puddle she was making on the wood floor of the pub.

Another minute and a half passed before her flood trickled down and stopped; Draco was hard and throbbing in his pants the entire time. The puddle she left was truly impressive, surrounding where she stood, the chair beside her, and flowed all the way under the table to where Draco was sitting opposite. He tapped his foot playfully in her spent water, grinning over at her as her hand finally dropped from her crotch.

“Take a seat,” he said gently, only because Hermione looked like she might collapse any second. He was quite correct in that as well, noticing how badly she trembled as she moved to sit back in her chair. Draco flicked his wand, vanishing her puddle just as one of the waitresses headed over toward where they were.

“How's it back here?” the young woman asked.

“We're fine, thank you,” Draco said politely, “the drinks were amazing.”

“I'm glad, but you kids better get back up to that castle, I don't want your teachers getting angry with you now,” she said cheerfully.

“Don't worry, we just finished up. We'll be leaving soon,” he promised with a winning smile. She took Hermione's empty glasses and left, Draco's gaze returning to his little pet. Her eyes were glazed over in sheer euphoria, face flushed, and her breathing even again.

“Feel better?” he asked her with a sly smile.

“So much better,” she sighed, almost a breathy moan, as she closed her eyes, “That felt so good...” Her hand moved under the table and Draco's eyes widened. Did she just...? A soft moan confirmed exactly what she was doing. His mouth was suddenly dry and the only two things he was conscious of was Hermione Granger, wet and touching herself across from him, and the fact he had a seriously pressing erection. He swallowed and checked his watch, cursing internally. As much as he was dying to sit there and watch her get off, perhaps even join her, they had to be in the castle in fifteen minutes and it was a ten minute walk back from the village. He cleared his throat.

“Hermione,” he said lowly, heart skipping a beat when her eyes, dark with pleasure, met his. Her hand was still moving below the table. What was he going to say again? The vision before him made him forget for several seconds. Second. Time. Yes. He cleared his throat once more.

“We need to get back,” he said. His voice did not crack. No. No it certainly did not. Thankfully, Hermione didn't seem to notice. She gave a little groan, hips hitching forward into the movement of her hand.

“Let me finish...” she whined softly. His hand immediately curled into his trousers, rubbing himself through the fabric. There was absolutely no doubt now what she was doing. Screw it, let them be late. He'd gladly take the detention for this. He slipped his hand down into his pants, hissing slightly at the cold contrast of his fingers. He glanced up nervously. He'd never wanked in public before, not nearly so open anyway. The thrill made anxious, but even hornier than he could honestly have imagined.

“Aaaahhhhaaa....mmmm....Draco...” Hermione moaned quietly from across from him, her other hand bracing herself against the table. Draco bit his lip, forcing himself quiet. Or at least as quiet as he could, but whatever small noise he'd made drew her dark eyes to meet his again and he was nearly undone. Nearly.

“I thought you said you two kids were nearly finished?” the waitress said, coming behind Hermione, taking them both by surprise. The two of them immediately went shock still, movements freezing in place.

“Sorry,” Draco said, not having to feign the weakness in his voice, “got er...distracted. We'll head out.” The waitress nodded in approval and Draco pulled his hand out of his pants, trembling only the slightest bit as he grabbed a few coins for the table. He glanced over at Hermione, seeing her red in the face with her eyes shut tight.

“Let's go,” Draco said, standing slowly and adjusting himself as subtly as he could. Hermione got to her feet and made a face.

“What's wrong?” he asked her, besides knowing the obvious.

“I have pee in my shoes,” she said, looking like the feeling was unpleasant. Draco smiled, giving a dry snort of humor before flicking his wand in her direction to clean her up. She sighed.

“Thanks,” she murmured, legs still a little trembly as they headed out of the pub and toward the castle. They walked briskly, either from the cold or because they were both eager to get somewhere private to finish what they were doing in the pub, Draco was unsure. Possibly both. Neither of them mentioned it regardless, both preferring a silent stride back to the school gates. Filtch was regarding them with a judgmental eye as they crossed through the castle doors. Everyone was at dinner in the Great Hall, but both of them passed the doors until they came to the hall they separated to go their dormitories.

“Are we meeting in the library tomorrow?” Hermione asked softly, not quite meeting him in the eye now.

“Yeah,” he nodded, “the usual time.”

“Okay,” she said with a nod, “see you.” And with that, she headed up the stairs toward the Gryffindor dorm. A funny feeling settled over Draco as he watched her hurry away. He couldn't quite put his finger on it, but he ultimately decided it was because he got denied a good wank. He quickly headed down the hall toward the dungeons, intending to finish doing just that when he got to the Slytherin rooms.

