A Wet Employer, An Even Wetter Employee

Author: KawaiiUnknown

*000*2014-12-11 03:29

Hello there! Sorry I haven't post much, cause of "stuff" ;) But I have a story to share with you people, hope you enjoy it! :D

I apologize but this story is really long.

It was during the school holidays, and I have a lot of free time, realising the fact that I don't have enough money left to last for long. So I did what anyone else my age would do : get a job and earn some money. But I don't have much choices available for myself, fast food restaurants, salesperson, some admin job, etc. Some of the ideas of where to work weren't my kind of thing, I'm slow at typing, cant sell anything(tried it before, it wasn't good). Job searching was another pain in the neck for me, I didn't know what kind of work I wanted myself. After the process of unnecessarily overthinking, I eventually decided to work as a waitress.

The employer and I had only heard each others voice from a single call, and after that she said "Can you come down to the company and have an interview and sign the work contract?", knowing that I can get a job I immediately replied and we both further discussed the meeting date. "Ok great! I'm free that day to! See you!" The cheerful young voice of the employer shocked and soothed my nervous self.

The night before the day of the meeting was so nerve wrecking for me, "what if I say something wrong?", "what if I'm being too awkward?", it almost made my night sleepless, I could say that I excite/scare myself to sleep?

I made sure I set the alarm early, so that I could get prepared to look presentable, good thing my sister lent me her skirt for the interview, so that's one less thing to worry about. Weird thing that happened was that I woke up before the alarm rang, guess I'm just too nervous, I got out of bed, and went to get the skirt from my still sound asleep sister, so I quietly searched her closet for the skirt, but she has so much! The lights in her room were off so it made the skirt searching harder. The colours were hard to see in the dark, so even I wont know till I left her room, which I didn't do for the next half an hour.

"I'm going to be late!" I screamed in my head, feeling the anxiety again, which was once suppressed during my sleep. I quickly went to have a shower and get dressed up immediately after that. I, being so forgetful, forgot to take my sister's skirt, so I, still in a towel, rushed to her room and grabbed the nearest skirt I found amongst the mess I made. Making a mess of not only her room, but I made a mess of my own room too, looking for decent shirt to wear.

"Well that's just great!" I sarcastically scolded myself, the skirt I took was a little too short and small for my size, since it was the skirt my sister had some time back, I squirmed around as it felt uncomfortable, but that was the least of my problems. The continuous build up of anxiety made my mouth dry, and increased the temptation to get a drink. Knowing that I was really in a rush for time, I got a bottle of water from the fridge in the kitchen and jus chugged it down, and I drank, and I drank again, I eventually finished a few bottles of water but I still feel thirsty and dry. A big bottle of water glares at me, wanting me to drink it, and I too was in a state of panic, so I drank it, looking really silly during the process. Before I even got myself together, the bottle was almost empty, and I felt really queasy, nearly throwing up.

After walking around like a blob, I managed to stabilize myself and left the house, and called the employer to tell her that I would be late(well, bad impression much*sad face*). "Ahh, It's ok! Cause I-I'm going to be late too! Don't rush!" The employer sure sounded shock and awkward, but either way, it sure meant that I wasn't the only one who may be having a "bad day". Feeling the water in my stomach move, I begin to feel uncomfortable, and I'm not even halfway there.

The journey from that point on was really nauseating, didn't even have anything to eat, just drinks, the discomfort subsided for awhile as I found a seat at the train station. The train soon came, as people and I tried to squeeze into the crowded train, the skirt I wore was really uncomfortable in this situation, it was tight and I think it caught the attention of some passengers, "Oh damn it." I murmured to my already uncomfortable body, "Just have ignore them, just have to take out my earpieces.." Which was a really simple thing to do, despite being in a crowded train.

"One more stop, and I'll be there", and in a blink of an eye, I'm there! Praising myself for enduring that for so long, I proceeded to go to the company's building, hoping that I'm not that late. Upon being out of the train station, I feel my bladder filling up, but I know that since it's just an interview that is not long, and signing of a contract which can never take long, I decided to hold it in, as I slowly walk into the building. The tension rises, it wasn't so crowded but I am really close to having the interview, "so it's just natural" I thought to myself, trying to keep myself to not show any physical signs that I'm nervous.

I just cant control my anxiety anymore, I walk into the office of the company, and told them I was there for the waitress job, and I have to sign some contract. They gave me a quick reply and asked me to fill a form, to register with them or something, and I was escorted to a small room, with just a table and a few chairs, the person then closed the door and told me to give them the form once I'm done, and that the employer is going to meet me in a moment. I calmed down in this small room, and took a seat and started to fill the form, most of which is just my particulars and stuff and I gave it back when I was done. But now I feel my bladder really filling, and sitting down with a tight skirt didn't do much to help, I really felt the need to go but I didn't want to leave the employer waiting again, so I held it in again.

The silence was soon broken by the sounds of light footsteps, and I assumed it was the employer who was on her way already, I can feel my hear my heart beat, and it's beating fast, I feel chills coming from every possible direction, giving me goose bumps. "Oh hi!" The employer casually said to me, "Yea! H-H-Hi!" I replied instantly, she looks shocked but smiles back. "I'm Jan, nice to meet you!" she says as she stretches out her hand, I do the same too, but it was a firm but awkward one for me. After I introduce myself to her, we started to talk about the form which I recently submitted, and the conversation went on about the job and where, when, and what will I be usually doing etc.

"Yea, so after reading it you could si-" Jan starts to squirm around in her chair, head low, as if she is avoiding eye contact from me, "Er, Jan? Are you ok?" I asked with concern, not knowing what is happening, "N-Nothing! I'm alright!" She replies, still not looking at me. I get up from my seat and walk over to Jan, who is obviously still in discomfort, "it's ok, just look at me, what happened? Shall I call the front desk?" I begin to worry of what may happen, my shivering voice is obvious enough.

"Nah! Really don't worry!" She suddenly starts to swing her arms, as if to tell me to go away, and she arm unfortunately hits my bladder. The swear words bombards my mind as the feeling was unbearable, but I kept calm and tried to help Jan, she then looks at me, her face was emotionless. "Just continue." Jan said, as softly as possible, it was at this point my bladder was really being a jerk to me, I'm having an interview and its really wanting to go. I try to not make any sudden movements while I squirm around sitting down, hands on my crotch, while Jan is still trying to be normal, "are you okay?" I ask again as Jan's squirming is definitely more obvious than before, she tries to look at me again, and whispers "Um.. I-I have to use the washroom" her faces flushes red as she talks.

My bladder is really filled up, but it's still filling up, I could already feel a bulge, I cover it but I can feel the pressure of it. We both were silent, so I acted as if I was just looking through the contract again, and Jan was looking at the contract. "I have to go." Jan whispers softly, "wait.. Does she mean? Then all this time she was holding her pee too!" The answer struck me hard, but I don't have an answer that would help in anyway. "Don't tell anyone ok?" Jan's face reds up again as she tears up in embarrassment, "You're going to?" murmured in shock, "Y-Y-Yes." Jan stutters with embarrassment and cries, "you won't do it here, I'll help you to the washroom, just hold on." I assure Jan, but she doesn't reply, with tears rolling down her cheeks.

I let Jan lean on my shoulder as I try to walk her out of the room. "Stop! Stop!" Jan screams(I'm serious, she screamed), throwing me off balance and causing the both of us to fall, I quickly turn to Jan who fortunately didn't have a bad fall, but I feel my bladder really losing it, but I would rather worry about Jan than myself at this point.

"Calm down, come on" I stood up, feeling the pressure, but still holding it in, as I stretched out my hand to help Jan up, "Why are you doing this?" Jan ask out of the blue, I let out a little laughter, but kept silent after that, she then looked at my legs, shivering. Jan tries to stand up but couldn't open the door, "I'm sorry!" Jan exclaims as I open the door, she wobbles over back to the chair and sit down, "Jan!" I exclaimed back as I close the door and walk over to her.

"Well aren't you shaky?" Jan holds my hand as we looked at each other, "It's none of your concern" my face flushes red as I turn away from her. She notices the bulge on me, and she presses it, and I push her hand away, "Um, Jan? I don't know what you are doing, but I don't like it." I bluntly told her, but the feeling is crazy, and it made the action to walk back to the chair almost a challenge, I couldn't hold it in anymore, and I feel a small wet spot in my skirt, my heart was beating fast, and Jan was still looking at me while its my turn to feel the discomfort.

"But really, I have to go" Jan says, as if it was a normal thing, "Don't look ok?" She then adds on. "Wait!" I replied, stuttering in between words that was so hard to say out, a soft moan was heard, and soon, liquid began to flow down Jan's legs down to the floor, the gushing sound was amplified in the small room and made it more embarrassing for her to pee, the sound made me cover my ears, hoping that it would help since I wont be seeing nor hearing anything, but I could still hear the sound of Jan's embarrassment in the words she mumbled to herself.

The gushing sound really made me want to go to, it was loud, and when I thought the sound had stopped I saw Jan, in a state of disarray, and I couldn't hold it too. "I-I have to go too." I say as I look away from Jan, "You better do the same too." I try to look at her, but she is giggling away, adding on more to the current embarrassment I am already feeling.

Letting it all out never felt any better, the pee flowed down my legs, to my shoes, " you make a sound too when you pee" Jan mumbled, but she said it a little bit too loud that I heard it, I flushed in embarrassment as I cover my face with my hands, not wanting to see the mess I made, as I fidget about on the chair, like a child who has wet themselves.

"It's ok, it's ok" Jan repeats herself to calm me down. "It's all over now" She says, despite being the one who wet herself first, I calm down but still felt bad about wetting myself like that. I cant remember what happened after that because I was too embarrassed to talk or even to explain to my sister what happened..

