One Short Day

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2012-01-05 19:42

A/N: This is based on the characters from "Wicked" which- for those of you who aren't familiar with the story- is a prequel to The Wizard of Oz, centring around The Wicked Witch of the West (Elphaba) and Glinda, the Good Witch of the North. It shows how the two witches were friends and room-mates at university- and my story begins when the two visit the Emerald City for the first time to meet the Wizard of Oz.

###

“Glinda, come on!” Elphaba growled, as the blonde woman paused at the window of yet another boutique.

“What’s the big hurry?” Glinda asked, pouting. Elphaba had been quite testy with her all morning- snapping at her much more frequently than she usually might- and it was beginning to irritate her. “Your appointment with the Wizard isn’t for an hour.”

“I realise that,” Elphaba said, increasing her pace so much that Glinda, with her shorter legs, had to run to keep up with her. “But we’re not there yet, and I have to use the restroom.”

Now that she mentioned it, Glinda thought, Elphaba had been looking uncomfortable for quite some time, but she had assumed it was simply nerves due to her imminent meeting with the Wizard.

“Well, perhaps we could pop into one of these boutiques and ask to use their restroom?” Glinda suggested, slowing down as her gaze wandered to the shops either side of them.

“Do you think I’m stupid, Glinda?” Elphaba asked, looking significantly displeased as she was forced to slow down and wait for her friend. “You’re only looking for a reason to go shopping while I humiliate myself by asking silly questions. No. I’ll wait until we get to the Palace and use the restrooms there.”

“As you please,” Glinda said, but then stopped walking and folded her arms as Elphaba took off once more at the same swift pace. “But you’re going to have to walk a little slower. I refuse to run anymore.”

Elphaba glared at her. “Fine,” she snapped.

It only took a little over ten minutes for them to reach the Palace, but by this time the green woman already seemed rather anxious. Her brow was heavily furrowed, her mouth a thin line of frustration, and her hand was resting on her abdomen as she marched up to one of the guards at the gate.

“I’m Elphaba Thropp,” she announced in a rush, “I have an appointment with the Wizard of Oz.”

As the guard paused to consult a roll of parchment to see whether or not she was being truthful, Glinda noticed the other woman cross her legs and bend down very slightly, squeezing her legs together. The signs were very subtle and could easily be missed by someone who wasn’t looking for them, but Glinda could tell- as she watched her friend- that Elphaba’s need to relieve herself was now very urgent.

She felt even surer of this when the green woman quickly became impatient with the guard. “Look,” she snapped, “I can assure you that I do have an appointment, otherwise I would have no reason to be present here.” Smoothly, she uncrossed her legs and then crossed them the other way.

“And I can assure you that you won’t be seeing anyone if you continue with that attitude, ma’am,” the guard answered coldly, glancing up from his list, “Even if you do have an appointment.”

“Which I do,” Elphaba insisted, placing her hand on her thigh and plucking restlessly at her dress as she shifted her feet once more.

The guard was ignoring her now, however; and a moment or two later, he rolled up his sheet of parchment and gave a brisk nod. “Follow me,” he told them.

“Finally,” Elphaba muttered, uncrossing her legs and beginning to walk obediently behind him.

Glinda noted Elphaba’s eyes moving left and right, seeking out a restroom as they walked, but other than that her long strides seemed no different than usual.

They didn’t pass by any restrooms, and before long they were brought to a brilliant green room which contained an assortment of plump armchairs and were told to wait there until the Wizard was ready to see them.

“Wait,” Elphaba said quickly, as the guard turned to leave. Her cheeks were flushed a slightly darker green than usual. “Is there a restroom we can use?”

The guard turned back to them, and Glinda thought she noticed a slight smirk playing at the corners of his mouth. “I’m afraid the Palace does not offer any restrooms for public use,” he told them curtly.

“Now hold on a clock tick,” Elphaba said, her tone conveying her annoyance, “Do you mean to tell me that we’re supposed to sit here for almost an hour without any access to restrooms?”

He was definitely smirking now, Glinda thought as she eyed the guard. “That’s exactly what I’m saying,” he said simply, and then without another word on the matter, he had gone.

“Well, that wasn’t very nice,” Glinda said sympathetically, turning to Elphaba who looked positively furious. “Let’s sit down, shall we?”

She took a seat in one of the green armchairs and after one last, livid glance at the door, Elphaba joined her.

At first Elphaba simply sat with her legs crossed, no movement save for one foot which was swinging back and forth slightly. But after about ten minutes had passed, she uncrossed her legs and began scissoring her knees back and forth, sitting up very straight. Her distress, which had been almost unnoticeable before, was very obvious now, and Glinda found herself growing worried.

“Are you going to be okay, Elphie?” she asked, the first words either of them had spoken since being left alone in the room.

“I’m going to have to be,” Elphaba snapped, “Seeing as there aren’t any lavatories in this Ozforsaken place.”

A minute or two later, she rose agitatedly to her feet and walked purposefully over to the door through which they had entered. She took the handle and turned it, but the door didn’t give. Giving a low hiss, she tried again, stepping urgently from one foot to the other and rattling the door, which was quite clearly locked.

“Elphie, what are you trying to do?” Glinda asked wearily, and Elphaba wheeled around to face her.

“He locked us in!” She accused, “Why the hell would he lock us in as though we’re damn criminals?” Elphaba looked as though she might have continued, but then her face contorted into a grimace and she wrapped one leg around the other, twisting her lower body.

“Elphie, calm down!” Glinda said, rising to her feet and raising her hands, “There’s nothing we can do-”

“Calm down?” Elphaba repeated with a bitter laugh, “Calm down? Glinda, I’m about to enter a meeting which will determine the course of my future, and all I can think about is how badly I need to use the damn restroom!”

She grabbed a fistful of dress with each hand and began pacing fitfully up and down the room. Glinda noticed her check her wristwatch and then less than a minute later, check it again. Severely worried for her now, Glinda glanced about the room. The only door was the one through which they had entered, and they had already established that it was most assuredly locked. And there was still almost half an hour until they were due to see the Wizard.

Glinda felt she should do something, but couldn’t think what, and so she simply watched helplessly as Elphaba stopped pacing and stood with her legs crossed, bobbing up and down several times. Then she uncrossed her legs and slipped her hand briefly between them, still glaring past Glinda at the door.

“Miss Elphaba!” Glinda reprimanded upon seeing this, causing the other woman to look at her.

“What?” she snapped, “There isn’t anybody to see me here but you.”

As though to emphasise this, she put her hand between her legs once more, tapping her foot impatiently.

“And I don’t matter?” Glinda asked her distastefully. “I don’t want to see you behaving like a child any more than anybody else might.”

Elphaba, for once, did not seem to have a comeback at the tip of her tongue. Instead, she simply scowled at Glinda and resumed her pacing, her steps growing increasingly smaller and more frantic.

... To be continued.

I have two alternative endings, and I'm not sure yet which to post, so your feedback is appreciated, as it should help me decide! I may even post both, depending on whether or not anyone's actually interested in this story ^-^

*002*2012-01-06 02:05

{{: 

I love this story so far. Wicked is such a great show and it is hot to hear a story related to it. Let's hear those endings!!!!

}}

Yay, somebody else on here who likes Wicked at last! ^-^ Any particular sort of ending you'd prefer to see, or should I just post both?

*004*2012-01-06 17:24

(Ending # 1)

Finally, the door opened, and the guard re-entered.

“The Wizard will see-” he began to announce importantly, but even before he had finished, Elphaba had flown across the room to him in a flurry of black skirts.

“I’ve got to relieve myself before I see the Wizard,” she demanded, managing to sound ferocious despite the fact that she was sweating and squirming before him.

The guard looked taken aback, and Glinda hid a smile as she climbed to her feet rather more elegantly. Elphaba could really be quite frightening when she wanted to be.

“I’m afraid there’s nothing I can do,” he told her finally, sounding anything but sympathetic. “Now if you’ll follow me-”

“No, listen to me!” Elphaba told him angrily. She was stepping repeatedly from one foot to the other now, and her left hand was straying dangerously close to her crotch once more, “You don’t understand! This is an emergency: if I don’t relieve myself soon, I’ll-”

“Elphaba,” Glinda interrupted hastily, before her friend could finish this sentence with something highly embarrassing, “You’re making a scene.”

“So what if I am?” Elphaba demanded, rounding on her. But then, noticing that the guard had started to leave, she scurried after him.

“I can’t go in there and meet the Wizard like this,” she told him futilely, almost doubled over as she walked behind him, her thighs pressed together, “Look at me, I’m practically urinating where I stand!”

Glinda groaned and looked away, completely mortified by her friend’s behaviour now, but unfortunately Elphaba's efforts seemed to be having no effect on the guard whatsoever.

He stopped at a set of golden double doors. “His Ozness is waiting for you inside,” he told them, then with a hint of amusement, added, “I do hope you have a pleasant meeting.”

As he left, Glinda turned to Elphaba in order to scold her for having been so embarrassing- but she found that both her friend’s hands were shoved firmly between her legs and her face bore an expression of sheer, unadulterated panic.

But then, she seemed to get herself under control and, removing her hands from her crotch, she sucked in a deep breath and then pushed open the doors.

The room was pitch black. Glinda blinked in confusion; her first foolish thought that they had entered the wrong room. But the guard had shown them to the door, there could have been no mistake.

Then, suddenly, ominous green lights flickered on ahead of them, illuminating a striking and gigantic, mechanical head.

"Who goes there?" the Head asked them in a deep, booming voice; glaring at them with piercing, luminous eyes. Glinda gave an involuntary whimper and groped for Elphaba’s hand, which she clung fearfully onto.

"My name is Elphaba Thropp," Elphaba announced with confidence that surprised Glinda, considering the other woman’s present state, "I'm a student of Madame Morrible's."

A throaty chuckle proceeded from the head, and Glinda clutched tighter onto Elphaba’s hand. Then, without warning, the room filled with natural light and all the smoke and green lighting vanished. Glinda blinked a few times, the sudden brightness stinging her eyes; then turned to Elphaba just in time to see her whipping her hand quickly back to her side- she had obviously taken advantage of the temporary darkness in order to press it between her legs once more.

Once her eyes had become accustomed to the light, Glinda was met with the sight of a rather small and inconsequential-looking, white-haired man standing before them. He extended his hand to Elphaba; brimming with obvious self-importance.

"Ah, Miss Elphaba," he greeted cheerily, in a voice quite unlike the one with which the giant head had spoken, "How splendid to meet you. I'm the Wizard- the Wonderful Wizard of Oz.”

Letting go of Glinda’s hand finally, Elphaba took several hobbled steps forward to meet him. As she did so, Glinda’s eyes moved to the ground, and she realised, with a start, that there was a spattering of liquid on the ground where Elphaba had previously been standing.

“It’s such a pleasure to meet you.” Elphaba was bouncing on the balls of her feet as she shook the Wizard’s hand, and her free hand was pressing hard at her thigh- it seemed it was all she could do not to grab herself between the legs and dance from foot to foot. “And- your Ozness, excuse me for being so impertinent, but is there a restroom I can use?” she added in a rush, her cheeks flushing dark green, “We’ve had rather a long wait, you see.”

“Why, of course,” the Wizard answered, looking mildly amused, and Glinda witnessed Elphaba let out a breath of relief, “You may have the honour of using my own personal bathroom; it’s right through that door back there.”

Glinda had the impression that Elphaba would have been satisfied with a hole in the ground at this point, as she hurried towards the door he had indicated, pressing her thighs together as she went.

She returned several minutes later with her satchel held firmly in front of her crotch as though hiding something, her cheeks even darker than they had been previously.

“I do apologise for that,” she said to the Wizard, grimacing as she spoke, “I just-”

But the Wizard held up his hand to stop her there. “Say no more,” he said brightly, “Needs must, after all. Now, Miss Elphaba, the reason I invited you here today...”

###

(Ending # 2)

“Elphaba!” Glinda cried in dismay, as her friend strode purposefully to a corner of the room and began fumbling with her skirts, “Whatever are you doing?!”

Elphaba didn’t answer, however; she simply hitched her skirt up to her waist and Glinda caught a glimpse of spindly, green legs before her friend hastily adopted a squatting position as a torrent of urine began to pour from between her legs.

“Elphaba!” she exclaimed again, shocked at the other woman’s conduct, “We’re in the Palace: you can’t behave like that! And you didn’t even remove your undergarments!”

Still, Elphaba ignored her, however, simply continuing to urinate on the polished floor, an expression of blissful relief having taken over her face. Mortified, Glinda looked away in disgust.

Elphaba continued to relieve herself for a long time, and Glinda realised then just how desperate she must have been to have contained that volume of liquid. Eventually, however, the sound of the gushing stream faded to a slower trickle, and then stopped completely. Glinda looked in time to see Elphaba easing herself back to her feet and letting her skirt fall back into place as she stepped clumsily out of the vast puddle she had left behind. Their eyes locked, and Glinda was pleased to note that Elphaba at least had the dignity to look heavily embarrassed.

“I’m sorry,” she said, her cheeks ablaze as she moved back to where Glinda was sitting and hovering awkwardly over her. “But you must understand, Glinda, that it had gotten to the stage where I didn’t have much choice.”

“Of course you had a choice,” Glinda insisted haughtily, “You could have waited to use a restroom like a civilised person.”

When Elphaba didn’t answer her, Glinda looked at her properly and noticed for the first time the large, circular wet spot on the front of her dress where she had been pressing her hand to her crotch. It wasn’t obvious from afar, due to the darkness of the material, but it was visible close up. Eyes wide, Glinda looked up towards the other woman’s face and discovered that her arms were wrapped protectively across her torso; her face turned away, hiding in her hair.

“Elphie?” she said, rather more gently, rising and moving close to her friend, “Are-Are you okay?”

The veil of dark hair nodded once, but this only caused Glinda to frown. She had never seen her strong, stoic friend on the verge of tears before, but there could only be one reason why Elphaba was hiding her face.

Gently, she eased the other woman’s arms from her chest and pulled her into a tight embrace. They still stood like this when the door was finally unlocked and opened.

“The Wizard will see you now!” the guard announced importantly, and then paused and stared at them, surprised to see the two women locked in an embrace.

“Thank you,” Elphaba said, hastily grabbing her satchel and positioning it over the front of her dress. Thankfully, the guard didn’t seem to notice the puddle in the corner, and as they walked down the hallway to meet the Wizard, Elphaba had returned to her usual confident, serious self, finally able to concentrate on what was important once more.

###

So which ending did you guys prefer? I realise both of them were a little anti-climatic, but I love Elphie too much to make her have a full-on wetting right before she meets the Wizard! Let me know your opinions ^_^

