Ben Ten: Gwen Bursting

Author: dolodi

*000*2012-10-25 04:33

Hey all, this is my first story, I am new to this, and would appreciate feedback:

"Ben!" Gwen shouted. "Let me in! I need to go!" She was pounding on the bathroom door in frustration, and a hint of urgency.

Grandpa was in town for supplies, so Ben could get away with almost anything he wanted at the moment.

###

Ben had timed it perfectly. He had seen Gwen reading her book and slightly squirming as her bladder filled. Once she had started crossing and uncrossing her legs, he anounced, "I'm gonna take a shower." Now, with the shower running in the background, he sat atop the toilet with his d*** in one hand, and laptop in the other, with livestream video of Gwen squirming outside. He had set it up late last night, and even put his laptop into the bathroom in preperation for this moment.

###

Gwen, having no idea she was being watched, and no idea what Ben was doing, hoped he would hurry up. She was by no means urgently desperate, but it sat rather uncomfortably in her bladder. She knew Ben's showers were long, so she sucked it up and picked up her book, and started to read.

###

Ben was lucky they were connected to a waterpump, in their trailer park for the night. Or else they would have run out of water. He was getting frustrated with Gwen's patience, and would soon have to call it off. Luckily for him, Gwen stiffened, as if a wave of desperation hit her. Her hand immediately shot to her crotch.

###

Gwen was absolutely dieing to pee. She got up and started pacing back and forth, her hand never leaving her crotch. Every so often, she would break out into a cute little pee-pee dance. She stiffened again, and clutched her urethra with both hands now, and scurried over to the door. Her thighs were tight, and one hand shoved into her white, tight jeans. Her a** bouncing up and down, with her other hand pounding rapidly on the door. "Ben you've been in there forever, come out! I need to pee! I am not kidding! I am about to pee myself!"

If Gwen had known there was video of her with Ben watching and pumping his d*** furiously, she would not have done this, but as it was, she ripped her pants off to relieve pressure from her swollen bladder. She was now doing a very desperate pee-pee dance in her panties and T-shirt.

She knew she was in the verge of wetting herself, and forced herslef to calm down and think. She then remembered, when she was online once she stumbled upon an article that said, while you are se*ually stimulated, aka ma*terbation (in her case), you cannot pee because your urethra will be filled with se*ual fluids. She prayed Ben would not end his shower while she was doing this, but it was a risk she was willing to take if it meant avoinding soiling herself like a little girl.

###

Ben could not believe his eyes as his cousin stripped naked, and went to look under her bed for something. A dildo! This really got Ben a hard on. He was really close, but he forced himself to calm down so he can enjoy the show.

###

Gwen was struggling to get stimulated while sssoooooo desperate to pee. I was extremely hard to hold on while ma*terbating. She carefully slid the dildo in and out, but she would not get excited. She had no choice but to turn the vibrator on. She almost lost it on contact, but quickly got excite, and the dull ache of her bladder was on the back of her mind. She was in bliss, thrusting in and out, the vibrating dildo rocking her vag*na. She had trouble muffling her moans, when she came. But her slight relief was soon forgotten, and the ache of her bladder came back with a vengenance.

###

Ben was moving his hand so fast it was a blur, when he saw his cousins back arch, and her toes curl, and the look of absolute bliss on her face, he came with her, the cum spraying everywhere.

###

Gwen quickly changed into a tanktop and loose pj bottoms, and would not relinquish her hold on her crotch. There was a slight stream of pee dribbling down her leg, and a tear in her eye.

###

Ben saw that his cousin was crying, and he quickly cut off the video, hid his laptop, and cleaned up his mess, and jumped into the shower, to make it look like he did take one. He felt really bad now that he wasn't lusting over her desperation. He of course didn't show it on the outside. He casually opened the door, and said, "Gwen, it's all yours!" He looked into the kitchen, pretending he did not know where she was.

###

Gwen saw the door open and bolted for the bathroom, this movement was too much, and her flloodgates opened, no matter how hard she held it wouldn't stop. Gwen stepped into the shower, to keep the floor from getting too wet, and Ben was staring wide eyed, at Gwen as the pee spread down her legs, and her a**, and pooled at her feet...

*005*2012-10-28 04:02

Thanks, I suck at censoring, and wasn't sure whether or not I should.

*Menatal note: Don't.*

