A story that is memory based but nearly accurate from my childhood... not completely fiction

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-03-14 09:25

English Class.doc

I described it with a bit of free license, but the incident really happened to the girl, and it is possible that she even shit herself, but I didn't include that except as a small remark because it might be too offensive for those wanting to read the story.

*002*2011-03-14 18:04

Plain text version for those that can't read MS word

English Class.txt

English Class.html

I wonder if you can read this one?

*004*2011-03-19 13:09

English Class:

Christina, a thirteen year old, brown tinted blond sat on the right of a quiet boy that passed the day like a shadow neither talking to anyone, nor anyone seeing him. Further to the right, the teacher’s desk faced the student’s desks his perpendicular stare ready to catch students off task.

The school had a policy making the teachers right every time they said no, and it put students off from even asking the dreaded question that would alert the other animals in the class that weakness was in the air. The police was that you have your passing time to take care of your personal business, so the teachers shouldn’t have to worry about your whining. After all, were the students little babies, or were they young people who had some control and some intelligence that would allow them to plan their business like smart people? When put that way, what young person wanted to admit defeat?

The cruelty of it all, the young man sitting to the left in his ever present tan jacket that covered him as though it were like a cloak of invisibility thought. He had experienced many problems the year before when he had just started at the school, and he was glad that he was finally an eighth grader, and in complete control of his functions this year. Whether the problems of last year were a part of the reason he had peer trouble or not, things were not better this year despite his better control, and now he was distracted from all thought of that until…

“Mr. Hatankahn?” the dark blond raised her hand nervously.

“Mrs. Brown, you are supposed to be reading and responding to the questions about the story are Men from Mars.”

“I know, she nervously tapped her pencil against her left jaw. But I was wondering, could I possibly, um…” she was still nervous from the conditioning of last year.

“What?” the teacher who was nearly bald save for some brown tawny hair covering his ears and back of his head.

“I kind of need to go to the bathroom,” Christina blushed red as she told the class her predicament knowing that if he said no, everyone would be watching her.

The man, his shoulders wider than two students, his face, brick stern and seemed chiseled from stone, shook his head in reply. A few moments passed as the thin boy who had not much meat to his bones, peaked from the hood of his magic coat that hid him from attention, and the teacher stood from his desk and approached the teen girl with cool green eyes.

“Do you know the procedures of this class?”

“Yes sir,” she tried to sound respectful though there was a bit of shaking in her voice from her legs that were starting to tremble.

“And what the procedures for toilet use in class?” he asked her.

“We… uh… we go only during breaks,” she raised her voice at the end as though it were a question though it should have been a statement that she uttered.

“Precisely,” he now stood staring at her over her desk. “And what class did you have last period?” he slyly asked her, as he watched her eyes begin to tear up. The boy was still not sure if it was from her losing control, or if it was from the teacher humiliating her in front of everyone as he brought out her failure to everyone in as loud a voice as could be heard by all.

The boy glanced towards the girl’s chair and saw here corduroy tanned pants still creamy dry and her legs kind of bouncing around. He willed that the teacher change his mind as he saw the girl’s nervousness and knew from her wiggling and bouncing that it wouldn’t be long.

“I just had, um, lunch,” she faltered now knowing for sure he was not going to let her go.

The boy looked from the corner of his eye at Christina’s still dry pants, and around at the class as he heard the rumors spreading of impending doom of Christina’s popularity. Yes, it would be far worse if she lost this battle than if the boy had, for the boy had never been anyone, but this girl had it all to lose.

She was in the cheerleading squad, had at least eight boys looking in her direction anytime she went by, and was well liked and respected among her peers. The teacher strolled over to his desk very unconcerned and sat in a relaxed state opening his grade book as he watched the girl.

That was another very cruel move, for the boy knew that he was silently reminding her that if she darted out of the room, it would definitely affect her grade, and his zeros had a way of haunting you for five assignments rather than just one. Indeed, the boy had just turned in a paper which was three days late, and next to the assignment under his name, the same assignment was listed three times, the first two squares with zeros.

The girl would definitely get into the hole so deep, that she would be fighting for three weeks just to get a C back for the class. So, she sat there, not daring to leave the class, all the while, her legs picking up speed and ferocity as they banged into her under desktop, into each other, and tapped the floor loudly enough that those that tried to pretend that the first commotion had not reached their ears could no longer ignore the struggling girl.

The boy watched. The girl, while she was still bouncing her knees and had a regular pattern, would be okay. He had been in that situation, and it only meant she had to go badly as long as she wasn’t starting to interrupt her patterns.

Time seemed to crawl by as the girl sat there trying to read the assignment with her legs bouncing, and the boy was only pretending to read. He could not stop stealing glances at the girl, but he didn’t want her to think he was staring at her to make fun of her. He kind of felt sorry for her, and wondered if she would allow him to “baby” her if she didn’t somehow make it.

There was almost no chance of that though. With his tan coat wrapped around him, the boy was invisible to all, and he was safe from ridicule from anyone, but removing the coat, even to comfort her, he was sure would lead to everyone seeing him, and worse, if they saw him talking to Ms. Popular, one of two things would happen.

One, the girl would run away from him thinking he tried to embarrass her further and completely destroy her day as well as his own, or two, the girl would allow it, and that would make her an outcast and she would never recover from her accident. No, it was much more tactful for him to stay invisible and to just try to watch that no one said anything mean to her while he was in earshot.

The girl’s patterns started to waver at ten minutes until the end of class, and this time, Christina was beyond just hurting. She wouldn’t make it if he said no, and she timidly raised her hand and put on her cutest face with batting eyelashes and pitiful poor me smile for the teacher’s benefit.

“Please, can’t I go? The bell is going to ring soon, and I’ve finished the questions.”

Her legs were not banging, but were completely still, with her left hand pressed into her pants front, her legs lifted about an inch from the floor. Tears were in her shiny blue eyes. Her hair was matted with beads so hot perspiration forming on her face. She wiggled a bit in her chair, somewhat violently, the scraping noises making every head turn her direction.

“Please?” she looked the teacher in the eye.

“Turn around and copy the homework assignment,” the teacher barked at her.

“If you don’t let me go,” she tried to warn him without actually threatening him, “I’m going to make a mess right here in your classroom.”

“Young lady, if you are bold enough to act like an animal like that, you will see the principal. Do you understand me?”

Christina had tears running down her eyes. Still, the boy did not know if her pants were wet, but he remembered vividly, last year. His Science teacher said no, and he was in the same position she was now in. He remembered vividly, a very small amount, that felt like a thread of matter snaking through his tubing in his penis, and wondered if she was now feeling that threat of matter in her tubes, and if the pressure of the pee was on her pee-hole, just trying to squeeze past the shut door.

The boy thought about how it had bothered him all that time, and how as he had to sit there for moments, the pee starting to slip out like water being contained by a container with holes in it, and he wondered.

The girl, her eyes now shedding tears like rivers, dropped to her arms, which rested on her desk. At first, nothing was seen except what looked like a sleeping girl, but within seconds, several voices were whispering and fingers were pointing.

The boy had missed the first tell-tale signs, but now, her chair was starting collect a pool in it, and some of the excess was draining to the floor over the back of the chair. Her legs were closed tight, and there was a small puddle in her crotch, where her legs were trapping some of it, but it seeped down and wet the backs of her pant legs.

The boy could only sit there shaking his head hoping no one would pick on this girl, knowing that some of the boys might forgive her because they thought they were in love with her, but wondering if the girls would strip her of her popularity and her rank in their mists.

The bell sounded a couple of minutes too late. The girl could not stand up, but sat there waiting for everyone one to filter out. The invisible boy tried to wait until the last, so he could try to distract anyone from her if they were in a rude mood. He was their favorite target after all.

In the end, she wouldn’t stand up when he was still there, and he was scared to approach her, thinking that she would somehow turn into a monster and blame her accident on him, for he was public enemy number one as far as the popular kids were concerned. Worse, he worried that his assistance would cause her further humiliation or trouble from the peers.

He headed on to his next class hating his English teacher even more for his strict policies and thinking it was unnecessary for him to make her pee her pants. He could have done anything he wanted, and she’d probably agree even go to a session of detention, but no, his grades were a terrible weapon, and caressing his grade book as he had done had stopped her from running from the class.

The chair and floor were soaked when the girl left, and she smelled. The boy wasn’t sure if there was a hint so something more than pee in her pants from the smells, but he didn’t investigate. It was bad enough that everyone knew she had peed her pants and that she was a second year, and so was supposed to have control over herself.

I re-did this as it was suggested that some people don't like downloading. If you have read one of the downloads, you may not want to re-read this.

*005*2011-03-19 13:52

April

Here is another girl in class, that has to use the toilet. In real life, this happened in fourth or fifth grade, but as that age is just not something I'm really into... I'll write this story as though she is in high school:

The hooded invisible boy sat at his usual uneventful seat in the middle of third row of five, the perfect place to avoid too much attention from both other students and the teacher as well. Mr. Wilson always picked on the back rows first, and the front rows were always taken by students that acted like they wanted to learn. They were the nerds, and the most despised group of students by the rest of the student body.

To the boy's right, He saw a girl with light-honey-brown colored hair that hung in curls that were saying something like, look at me, I'm cute. The girl's face was covered in light freckles, and it seemed rather flat making her seem kind of plain looking to most people. She was not very popular, and it seemed that only the boy with magic brown coat that kept him invisible had ever noticed her. Of course, she would never want to talk to him because he was worse than a nobody. He was a target. Without his magic coat to protect him, others would notice him, and start doing mean things to him like knocking his books out of his hands or tripping him up in the halls.

April sat looking attentive at the math teacher, her brown and tan floral shirt which was button up seemed to go well with her "plain" face, and somehow, made her seem even cuter than usual. She wore tan corduroys with an old fashion snap instead of a button that was slightly rusty. And she had brown shoes on. It was like brown was her color of the day.

The math lesson was getting boring for the boy that hid in his hooded brown deceiver, and his eyes began to wonder about the room. He never liked math, not because it was hard, but quite the opposite, he found it tedious when the teacher wouldn't let him go on, and a lot of talking students kept asking stupid questions which slowed the pace of the class so considerably, that he normally had nothing to do for several minutes while the teacher checked everyone knew what they were doing.

He glanced over at Robyn, a red haired girl that was the most popular in this class, and who did most of the slowing of this class as she would talk to her friends about the night before, then innocently ask the teacher to re-explain something only to see her talking to her friends once again. It was really annoying to the boy in the brown coat.

He glanced down at his paper, hardly anything written on it because he wasn't allowed to go on, and sighed. Another waste of an hour, and he'd have to go home and do all the homework there. Stupid popular kids. They don't pay attention in class, and they harass those that want to learn on top of it.

Over to his right, he happened to see April wiggle a bit to get more comfortable in her seat. Though others called her plain, if they were being nice, there was something friendly about her face, and something cute about her manners that attracted the nervous boy, and if he had been any bolder, he might have even talked to the girl to try to get to know her better, but he wasn't used to talking to anyone.

The girl shifted slightly again and sighed.

The boy now looked at her face and realized that she looked a little worried as she bit her lower lip and looked at the teacher as though she had a question on her lips, but didn't dare ask it. The boy never spoke up in classes either, so he understood her feeling about not wanting others to think her question was dumb or made fun of for something that should be easy. He wanted to ask her what was wrong, and give her the answer himself, but as he contemplated talking in Mr. Wilson's class, he was unnerved.

Just why helping the poor girl was something that the boy had feared when others talked about whatever they wanted, the boy didn't understand, but he didn't want to explain to his parents that he had been talking or doing anything other than listening in class. He had never once been yelled at in class for not paying attention.

The girl, however, had other things on her mind. The problem she had was not something that the invisible boy could help with.

April had never been caught talking in class either, and she was usually a really good student. She never caused anyone any trouble, and the only difference with Mr. INvisible and April, was that no one actively sought April to make fun of her. She wasn't a target, but just completely ignored by their peers.

The boy put his head on his desk, looking over at April who was currently holding her side and wiggling a bit again.

The boy's head picked up. Was she sick? The girl didn't look like she was concentrating on math, but rather, that her stomach or sides were hurting, and she seemed uncomfortable in her seat. Something looked really wrong with her, and he could take it no more. He had to ask her what was wrong, and if she'd let him help her to see the nurse.

"Psst. Hey. April," he whispered. "Are you okay?"

There were tears in her eyes, but she nodded yes as she held her sides.

"You look like you're hurting. I'll go with you if you are scared to ask to go see the nurse," the boy said lamely.

"No, it's okay," she mouthed just as the teacher walked towards them.

"It seems," Mr. Wilson unfairly picked on the boy and girl. "That some students like to talk during math time."

The boy gave Mr. Wilson the most vile looks as he thought about the unfairness of not being allowed to move on, because the popular group was talking and holding up class, but he was picked on for helping a classmate.

"So, let's see what you have done," Mr. Wilson said as he took up the boy's paper. "I see. You think you can disturb others because you are smart enough to get through everything without any explanation?" he mocked the boy.

"No," the boy blushed. "It's just... that... um... that girl... um... she looks a little sick."

Mr. Wilson walked over to April's desk.

"Are you sick, young lady?"

"No sir."

Mr. Wilson felt her head.

April whispered something and then Mr. Wilson laughed.

"Well, I'm sorry, but you know the rules, young lady."

"Yes, I know," she whispered blushing crimson.

The teacher told the boy to mind his own business and went back to teaching. The girl, seeing that the boy was in trouble because of her, and unable to get any redder, hid her head in her arms as she wrote a very secret note. She was very careful to pass it to the boy only when she knew the teacher had turned his back to the class to write on the board.

Sorry to get you in trouble, the note had said. But I'm not sick. I just have to use the bathroom a bit badly.

The boy looked from the note, to the girl whose head was still covered by her right as her feet were now bouncing a bit, and her knees banging as she held her left side. Now he understood. She had to go so badly, she was likely to have an accident right there. The boy blushed red and put his head down.

The class went on for another fifteen minutes before the boy heard some noises like water pouring to the floor, and he was sure he knew what was going on. He turned his head away from the girl trying to keep from drawing anymore attention there, and his eyes stung as tears of sympathy prickled his vision. He knew how that felt, because that had been him about three years earlier in junior high school, and this was worse. It was high school.

The girl sat there, sobbing and shaking from sobbing as the pee picked up force and soaked through her corduroys, pooled in her chair for a few horrible seconds, then ran off of the brown wooden chair to drizzle against the floor soaking her pant legs as it flowed along them. Class ended with everyone standing up and running out to their lockers to leave school, but the boy stayed.

He coaxed April up and saw the wetness all over her ass and the chair.

"Let's take off your sweater and tie it around your butt," the boy said. "If you pretend you were hot, no one will notice you peed yourself."

"Okay," she sniffled.

The boy helped her take off her pullover and wrap it so it mostly covered her butt and crotch. Her legs still looked wet, but the boy told her that if she said she slipped in some water, it might explain the wet legs.

"It doesn't matter," she sniffled. "No one will talk to me anyway. So, why are you talking to me?"

"Well, I'm sorry," the boy said.

"That's not what I meant," she responded blushing. "It's just no one talks to me."

"Well, I kind of understand how you feel, and no one talks to me nicely, either," the boy blundered.

"You want to come and meet my mom?" she asked.

"Okay," the boy shrugged as he pulled back on his invisible coat.

"Why do you wear that thing?" April asked.

The boy had no easy answer. He didn't want to sound immature or stupid, but the truth was, somehow, the coat made him feel safe against the popular kids. It somehow gave him courage to come, and he really hated taking it off. Perhaps a part of it, was he was afraid he might not smell good to the others because his family was poor, and wearing the same clothes two days in a row sometimes, he felt that it made him stink when others wore clean clothes all the time. He opted to just shrug.

"I like it."

