Pet For A Day: Amy's Turn

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2015-09-15 02:44

So after delving into an actual property last time that being Agents of Shield which you can check out along with my other stories if you want to I've decided to go back to my original stories. I've decided to take my first two stories and do them in a different direction where the character roles are reversed. So this is the sequel to Pet For A Day this time with Michelle's friend Amy being the human pet to Michelle.

Plot: After remembering the time Michelle walked around as Amy's pet for a day Amy decides to take on the challenge of being Michelle's pet herself feeling she can accomplish this task. But in desperate times what will she do? Especially when they aren't very pleasant.

It had been a few weeks since Michelle became a man for a brief time and realised some unrealised feelings for her friend Amy. Of course she kept this to herself and decided ultimately it would be her secret. Sitting in deep thought Michelle's thoughts were interrupted by Amy getting up.

"Hey I'm getting up for a soda do you want one?" Amy asked

"No I'm good" Michelle said

A minute later Amy returned with a soda but also something Michelle wasn't expecting that being her old dog leash and collar from when she subjected herself to being Amy's pet for a day. They had kept their supplies in case they ever got a real dog. Despite some embarrassment it had been an interesting experiment.

"Hey remember when you said you be my puppy for a day and you actually walked around like a dog and everything?" Amy smiled though it been embarrassing a tad she remembered that it was amusing and was for fun no real sexual stuff.

"Yeah it was" Michelle replied

"You know though you admitted defeat I bet you I could last the day" Amy told her.

"Really?" Michelle said surprised considering she was the one who said that she was crazy when she came to her with this idea

"Yeah. I'm not embarrassed to do this and I thought it looked like fun when you did it. So how about it? Tomorrow I'm your puppy" Amy said to her friend.

"Well okay then." Michelle said. It'll be interesting to see this from a different perspective. How would Amy react if she was forced to pee on a fire hydrant like she did?

"Okay cool. It's gonna be great playing puppy again" Amy said

"Yes but only this time your puppy" Michelle stated

"Well better get to work so everything is ready for tomorrow then" Amy said leaving the room and entering the kitchen as cupboards were being opened presumably to fetch the bowls and dog food

"You sure you want to eat that? I nearly threw up" Michelle called

"Like I said I'm not embarrassed" Amy said

Michelle smiled. She had a good friend. The next day Michelle walked down the steps after getting up. She had moved in with Amy a few months ago because she had offered her to stay and since she had no one else and wanted to be close with her friend she decided on moving in. Entering the kitchen she noticed Amy there waiting as she had her leash and collar ready to go.

"Morning or woof" Amy stated

"Morning to you puppy, So should we get started?" Michelle said as Amy nodded. Picking up the leash and collar she put it on Amy's neck. Getting out of her chair Amy got down on all fours and looked up at her.

"Hungry?" Michelle asked

Amy nodded so Michelle pulled her by the leash over to the bowl with dog food in it as Amy dug into the bowl and chomped on the food. Finishing she suddenly made an awkward face as Michelle looked at her

"Did puppy like her food?" Michelle asked. She looked cute like this

Amy nodded but felt a grumbling in her stomach but ignored it. She then dipped her head into her bowl of water and drunk it all fast. She smiled at Michelle. This seemed easier then she made it seem.

Deciding to see if she liked playing more than she would Michelle led Amy outside by her leash to the backyard and began playing fetch with her. Amazingly she enjoyed it more than she did although she did notice sometimes she held her stomach in an odd way. She then led her back inside.

"Want to take a nap?" Michelle asked

Amy nodded and ran as Michelle had to hang on her leash being pulled along but she didn't mind. Already she handled herself better than Michelle did. Michelle slept on her bed as Amy got into her dog sleeping position. About an hour or so later Amy shifted a bit in her sleep and then got up holding her crotch area signifying her need to pee. Deciding not to go to the bother of waking Michelle, Amy crept out the door and then ran downstairs and into the kitchen towards the back door. Realising she locked the door she looked around for the keys hoping in desperation. All that water got to her.

"Come on where are you" Amy whispered. Now she was a little annoyed but hey one instance out of several Michelle had wasn't bad.

Suddenly Amy heard footsteps. Realising Michelle was coming she quickly got down on all fours and just put her hand up to the door whining. She needed to go. Michelle then walked over and put her collar and leash on her and then opened the door with the key from her pocket and then led her out the backyard.

"Come on puppy let's go pee" Michelle said in a sweet tone. She remembered what this was like noticing the desperation on Amy's face as she quickly crawled following her to the big tree that Michelle had peed behind before. Quickly pulling down her pants and panties in desperation Amy finally squatted and let go sighing in relief and moaning as the pee hit the grass. God that felt good. Finally finishing she shook off any remaining drops she stood up and pulled her pants and panties up and ran over to Michelle.

"Better puppy?" Michelle asked. She was impressed with Amy so far she didn't feel any embarrassment. Taking her back inside Amy ate more dog food and drank more water again showing no problem.

Deciding she'd take her out even further Michelle pulled her by her leash as she headed with her to the park leaving the house. Arriving there Michelle let Amy run free in an area where not to many people were around. Though some people passed by giving them weird looks they had managed to get around without much issue.

Running around Amy was enjoying free play. She ran into some dogs and did her best growl making them run. Then noticing a tree nearby she realised her need to pee was growing again. Making sure nobody was around she quickly dashed to the tree and then yanked down her pants and panties and began peeing again and sighed in relief as her pee hit the grass, Finishing she shook off any remaining drops she was about to stand up but stopped midway as she felt that pain in her stomach again it now feeling more intense. Finally Amy realised what was wrong. She had to take a shit.

"Damn it. Michelle never went through this when she was my puppy. And I'm not going to take a dump here I already was risking it peeing here" Amy asked herself wondering what she was going to do. Feeling the pain intensify more she decided to do what was necessary and after making sure nobody was there again she squatted down again pants and panties still around her ankles as she took a ferocious shit onto the grass that she had to resist moaning in relief too. Must have been the dog food. Looks like she reacted to it in a different way to Michelle.

Still her friend was right though this was fun there did come a point where it was embarrassing and this was it. Soon as they got home she'd give it up. Suddenly she heard Michelle's voice as she shat out what was seemingly left and began wiping with a nearby leaf. Finishing she pulled up her pants and panties and stood up but felt another pain. God she ate too much of that and way too fast god knows what her health would be like. Deciding she could hang on till they got home she quickly ran off and found Michelle.

"There you are puppy. Want to go home?" Michelle asked as Amy nodded. They needed to get back quick otherwise she'd have an accident. Leaving the park Michelle lead Amy along her leash as she tried to walk along feeling very sore and in pain from needing to take a shit. Deciding she couldn't take it anymore she tried to call out to Michelle.

"Michelle I gotta..." Amy groaned

"What's wrong puppy?" Michelle asked. Was Amy sick? Now that she thought about it she's been holding her stomach a lot today. Suddenly it came to her that Amy might have needed to take a shit as she looked at her in horror.

"Puppy do you need too..." Michelle said before being pulled to the floor and letting go of Amy's leash as she ran off towards a nearby mail box and sighing as she was about to do this she pulled down her pants and panties and then hoisted herself onto the open mail box and let go sighing happily as she crapped into it and probably all over some people's mail.

Finally Michelle caught up to her and put her hand over her lip in shock at what her friend was doing.

"Beats a fire hydrant huh Michelle?" Amy said trying to make light of this awkward situation looking around to make sure nobody was around.

"Yeah it is" Michelle replied. Yep think puppy play will be done for awhile.

Finally finishing and feeling no more pain Amy got off the mail box and closed it and wiped with another leaf she took from the park and then pulled up her pants and panties. Getting down on all fours again she headed off with Michelle back home. As the two then left a mail woman arrived ready to pick up mail for delivery and opened it up and nearly fainted at what she saw.

Meanwhile back at the house Amy was sitting down with Michelle again now collar and leash free. They had quite an eventful day.

"So we can agree though I had the more embarrassing incident I did handle this better than you?" Amy asked. Though she was embarrassed she was glad she handled herself well.

"Yeah I guess. Congrats girl you proved this is possible." Michelle said

"Right but we ain't doing this again for awhile" Amy said getting up for a soda for herself and Michelle

"Completely understand. Puppy" Michelle smiled..

THE END. Hope you thought this was okay.

