Poor her - Page 9

Author: largebio

*201*2019-06-14 19:52

“Wow... arriving in style in see”, Anna says as Laura, Natalia, Emma and Ellen walk into the chateau’s guesthouse.

“We wanted to get here asap”, Laura answers.

“So we couldn’t be bothered to have a toilet break”, Ellen adds.

The girls have agreed to go on a two week trip to a campsite in the south of France, right by a Mediterranean beach.

This morning Laura, Natalia, Ellen and Emma drove to Anna’s parents’ chateau, where the six of them will spend the night in the guesthouse before heading further south tomorrow.

“Nice to finally meet you in person”, Karolina says hugging Ellen and Emma as if they’re long lost friends. “Now, if you’ll excuse me. I kinda need to go”.

She takes a few steps backwards and relaxes her bladder muscles. Instantaneously, her shorts are soaked and a puddle forms on the flour.

“Now you’re the only one with dry shorts cous”, Natalia giggles.

“Not for long”, Anna replies as she too starts wetting her shorts.

“I’m already loving this trip”, Laura says.

TO BE CONTINUED

*204*2019-06-17 19:44

“We can’t arrive at the campsite in wet shorts”, Natalia says.

“That’s why I’m wearing a dress and bikini”, Anna says.

“Why don’t we all do that?”, Ellen suggests.

The others agree and soon, they hit the road. Ellen, Emma, Laura and Natalia in one car, and Anna and Karolina in the other.

Within the hour, a hiss is audible in Anna and Karolina’s car.

“Sorry. I just couldn’t be bothered to hold it”, Anna says from behind the wheel.

“You naughty girl”, Karolina smiles. “But that’s too easy”, she continues while hiking her dress.

The she pulls the crotch of her bikini aside to reveal her shaved pussy, then she spreads her legs and starts peeing.

She manages to create a nice arch down to the floor of the car, before her stream subsides.

“You’re making me horny”, Anna says. “I can’t wait for tonight”, she says naughtily.

Over in the other car, Laura has intentionally held her morning pee to do it in the car. She pees for a minute and a half.

“Ahhh. That feels so much better”, she says just as she finishes.

Behind her, Ellen is a bit fidgety.

“Why don’t you just let go?”, her sister asks.

“I’m trying to hold my morning pee until after lunch. Just to challenge myself”, she answers.

“Well, I can’t be bothered. I need to focus on driving”, Natalia says, relaxing her bladder muscles. “How about you, Em?”

”Now that I know El is holding, I’m gonna hold back and release when she’s desperate. To tease her a little”, Emma answers.

Two more hours pass and Ellen is getting quite squirmy. In fact she’s hardly sitting still by the time Laura recieves a text from Karolina, suggesting to stop for lunch at the next possibility.

The girls agree and ten minutes later, both cars pull into a rest area with restaurant.

As soon as Ellen gets out of the car, she feels gravity pulling on her bladder. To regain her composure, she grabs herself for a second.

“What’s up with her?”, Anna asks.

“She’s trying to hold her morning pee until we get back in the car”, Emma answers.

“Daring”, Anna replies.

The girls stand in line, waiting to order. Ellen is constantly shifting from one leg to the other, trying to hide her desperation as good as possible.

Meanwhile, her sister’s getting desperate herself. She had hoped Ellen would be on the verge of wetting long before they stopped for lunch, but now she is.

The girls order a burger and chips with a large drink each. As they sit down to eat it, Emma makes sure she’s not sitting on her dress.

She’s slowly sipping her drink, catching Laura’s attention.

“Getting desperate?”, she asks.

Emma confirms: “ I made a mistake drinking all that water, and then not going before we joined the queue. I’m seriously about to lose it”.

As time passes, she starts grabbing herself and then she starts blushing.

“Why are you blush... oh no, you’re not serious... you are”, Ellen says.

“I just can’t stop it”, Emma says as a waterfall of pee cascades down her chair onto the floor below. Luckily for her it’s carpeted, muting much of the splattering.

When all six have finished their food and drinks, they head back to their cars. Emma looks around sheepishly, but no one seems to have noticed her accident.

Before getting in, Laura spreads her legs and creates a puddle between the two cars.

“Congrats sis, you’ve made it”, Emma says.

“To be honest, I dribbled a bit walking back, but yeah, I mostly made it”, Ellen says proudly. “But now it’s time to let go”.

Within seconds, pee starts gushing out of her.

And thus all six have wet bikinis on, and it’s only just been lunchtime.

TO BE CONTINUED

*207*2019-06-18 19:26

An hour later, Ellen needs to go again.

“Anyone got any suggestions?”, she asks. “Just letting it flow’s too easy”.

“Why don’t you try and pee into this bottle”, Laura suggests handing an empty bottle.

Ellen accepts the challenge and slides down her bikini bottoms. She places the bottle underneath her pussy and releases.

At first, she misses the bottle, splattering urine onto the floor. But by readjusting the bottle, she manages to get most of her pee inside it. She clenches just as the bottle is about to overflow and screws the cap back on.

“Remind me not to drink from that”, she jokes.

Over in the other car, it’s Karolina’s turn to drive. So Anna positions herself in the same way her girlfriend did earlier.

“See if my pee arch reaches further”, she says.

She pees with as much power as possible, and is delighted to see her pee reaching all the way to the dashboard.

“Wow. You never cease to amaze me”, Karolina congratulates her.

Meanwhile, Emma has decide to rewet herself.

Just as they pull onto the campsite to check in, all six do so again and hence they head into the office with soaking wet bikinis.

“It felt so naughty, standing there with pissy bikinis”, Ellen says as the girls get back to their cars to drive to their assigned spot.

“Definitely”, Natalia confirms.

“My pussy is throbbing with excitement”, Laura admits.

“So is mine. You’ll need to take care of that later”, Karolina whispers into Anna’s ear.

TO BE CONTINUED

*209*2019-06-19 19:27

The girls are setting up their tents. One for Natalia and Laura, one for Emma and Ellen and one for Anna and Karolina. Set up in such a way a table fits in the centre, with a view of the beach with a playground in front.

While squatting down to put the pegs in the ground, Laura wets her bikini.

“I can see that”, Natalia giggles.

“What? When a girl’s gotta go, a girl’s gotta go”, Laura jokes.

After they finish setting up their tents the girls sit around the table.

“We must have one of the best sites on this campground”, Ellen says admiring the setting.

“Absolutely. I guess we have a lovely sight at the sun setting”, Karolina answers. “Don’t you agree babe?”

”Huh, what?”, Anna responds. “Sorry, I’ve been looking at that girl in blue shorts. I think she needs to pee”.

At the playground, one girl is constantly moving around, even more than what you’d expect from an overly excited 10 year old.

“I think so too”, Laura says as the girl tries to secretely hold herself.

“Oh yeah, definitely”, Emma adds, watching the girl double over.

Then, the girl sits across from one of her friends, legs spread wide over the bench they’re sitting on.

Suddenly, she seems to gasp and she grabs herself again.

“I think she leaked a little”, Emma says.

“I think so too. If only we could hear what they’re saying”, Anna adds.

The girl inspects her crotch, and the points her friend to it, causing then both to giggle.

“Judging from her friend’s reaction, she’s definitely got a wet crotch”, Laura says.

The girl even gets up and shows off her wet crotch to two other girls, who immediately start giggling too.

Apparentely, all the laughing’s too much and the girl fully loses control, soaking her shorts.

“She doesn’t even look remotely upset”, Karolina says.

“Well, at least she isn’t the only one with wet clothes”, Karolina says.

“Speaking of that...”, Ellen says as a splattering sound becomes audible.

“Now let’s find a some place to get food and booze”, Anna says.

TO BE CONTINUED

*212*2019-06-22 17:25

The girls return to cook dinner and decide to stay at their place for the evening. Just sitting and talking and wetting, they watch the sun set.

Tired from their trip, they head to bed relatively early.

"Finally some privacy. You still need to take care of my other needs, remember?", Anna says.

"No way I've forgotten about that", Karolina replies cheekily.

Within just a couple of minutes boh cum. Anna also loses control of her bladder.

"Sorry, it just came out", she says with a naughty face.

"Yeah right", Karolina laughs.

During the night, the lovers are woken up by rainy sounds.

"Is it raining?", Karolina asks surprised.

"Sounds like it. But I'll check", Anna says zipping their tent open.

She pokes out her head, but -remarkably - it stays dry. She turns her head and is surprised to see Laura peeing all over the tent.

"Ohh sorry, did I wake you?", Laura asks seeing her cousin, "I was feeling naughty".

"I can tell", Anna replies.

"Who are you talking to?", Karolina asks.

"Laura, she's pissing onto our tent".

Eventually, the girls go back to sleep, only to wake up in the morning.

"So, what are we doing today?", Ellen asks over breakfast.

"I was thinking we could just stay here, explore the campsite a little and work on our tans", Natalia suggests.

The other girls agree; "And of course, pissing whenever, wherever", Anna adds.

"Speaking of that...", Emma says as she empties her bladder through her bikini and chair.

"Awesome way to start off the day", Ellen laughs as she too starts peeing.

Karolina and Natalia quickly join in.

"Don't you two have to go?", Natalia asks Anna and Laura.

"I kinda wet last night", Anna says, omitting the fact that it was because of her orgasm.

"I went during the night as well", Laura says, smiling at Anna and Karolina.

"I believe there's some kind of story behind this", Emma says.

"Definitely", Laura says. "I pissed onto their tent. I really had to go, but just peeing in our tent was too mellow".

The girls laugh loudly and start to clean their plates.

TO BE CONTINUED

*215*2019-06-24 19:23

The girls walk around the campsite for a couple of hours.

“This place is massive”, Ellen says.

“Way bigger than where we were last year”, Anna replies.

“And I’m already lost”, Laura says.

After wandering around for another thirty minutes, the girls finally find their bearings.

“At least we know where we are”, Emma says.

“Yeah. But now I got to find a place to wee. I haven’t gone since I went onto their tent last night”, Laura says.

“There’s a washroom right there”, Karolina says.

“Not a place like that, silly. It’s too lewd”.

“Maybe you can go behind it”, Natalia suggests.

“Sounds like a plan, sis”.

The girls go around the back, but it’s still pretty exposed.

“I don’t care. I’m just gonna go here”, Laura says spreading her legs.

The crotch of her light blue bikini becomes a couple shades darker as urine cascades onto the dirt below.

She’s startled by a girl pointing at her, showing her father the peeing young lady.

The girl and father say something in a foreign language, making Laura blush slightly.

“That was kinda awkward”, she says. “But also wuite naughty and arousing”.

“I bet. But now it’s my turn to go”, Anna says.

She pulls her bikini’s crotch away and spreads her labia, peeing onto the wall.

“Almost like a guy, babe”, Karolina says proudly.

“Impressive, right?”, Anna responds smugly.

The others agree.

“Now, who’s up for some lunch and beach time? I really need to work on my tan”, Natalia suggests.

“Sure”, and “absolutely”, the others reply enthusiastically.

TO BE CONTINUED

*218*2019-06-27 19:24

After lunch, the girls find a spot on the beach.

Immediately, Ellen empties her bladder. Laura instantly takes her top off.

“What? You know how I feel about tanlines”, she says.

“Actually, if you don’t mind...”, Karolina says untying her bikini top.

“I sure as hell don’t”, Anna giggles, also taking off her top. “What about you three?”

”Oh. Why not?”, Ellen says to her sister’s surprise.

“Remember last year’s beach party? I feel a lot more comfortable now”, she explains.

Somewhat reluctantly, Natalia and Emma decide to bare their boobs too.

Also, the sand around Emma starts to darken.

“Needed to pee as well”, Natalia asks.

“Badly”, Emma replies.

“Me too”, Karolina says pointing at her crotch.

“Honestly, I could really use a toilet too”, Natalia says. “So here goes”.

After some hours tanning, the girls decide it’s time to cool of in the water.

“Are you naked?”, Natalia asks her sister holding her bikini bottoms.

“I just want to feel the water around my pussy as I pee”, Laura answers.

“And how does it feel?”, Anna asks intrigued.

“Absolutely amazing”.

“I’ll have to try it myself then”, Anna says, taking off her bottoms and letting go. “You are so right!”

After the girls had some fun in the water, they head back to their tents.

“Isn’t that the girl that wet her pants last night?”, Emma asks at some point.

“I guess so”, Ellen answers.

“But I guess it’s her friend who’s desperate to pee this time”, Natalia adds.

“Definitely”, Laura says, “wait... is the girl telling her to just wet herself?”

“Better yet, she’s showing it. Look at her legs, they’re glistening with pee”, Anna points out.

“And her friend’s following her lead. Her bum is wet”, Karolina notices. “What an amazing girl. Into omo at such a young age”

TO BE CONTINUED

*221*2019-07-07 10:28

The next day, the girls hire a row boat to get to a small island just offshore.

"There's no one here but us", Laura hapily exclaims.

WIthout hesitation, the girls take off their bikinis.

"How about a holding contest?", Anna suggests.

"We all get to empty our bladders? 'Cause I need to go, and your bikini's obviously wet", Natalia says.

"Sure", Anna answers.

The girls agree to have a beer and a water each hour, the last person to fully lose control wins.

The first three hours have passed when Ellen starts showing signs of needing to go. She seems quite fidgety, and has a focussed look on her face.

"The beer's hitting my bladder hard", she admits half an hour later.

"Yeah, the alcohol is making it harder", Natalia admits.

Not much later, Ellen starts rocking back and forth, left hand burried in her crotch.

"Looks like my little sister will be losing it soon", Emma says.

"I wish I could deny it, but I kinda have to agree", Ellen responds, feeling drops of pee against her hand.

Five minutes later, her hand is thoroughly wet, and the sand underneath her is getting damp.

"I think I lost", she says feeling her last bit of control slip away.

For a minute and a half she just pees and pees.

"I think so too sis".

Natalia and Emma are next to get desperate, both bury their hands in their crotch after seeing Ellen's accident.

"Our family isn't exactly doing great", Ellen laughs.

"No, but at least I'll beat Natalia here, so we won't be bottom two", Emma says sternly.

"Oh no, you won't", Natalia says ready for the battle.

Not much later, Natalia's pacing around the beach, hands buried in her crotch.

"I can't sit down or I'll pee", she says as drops of urine start escaping.

"See, I'm beating you", Emma says smugly.

"I'm afraid you are", Natalia says, legs glistening with pee.

Although she's not full on peeing yet, spurts keep coming out.

"Gotta hold it", she whispers to herself.

But a trail of wet sand is starting to follow her, and then the floodgates open.

Sighing with relief, she stops pacing around and removes her hand from her tired bald pussy. She pees so much, a puddle forms below her before it all soaks into the sand.

"See, at least we're not both at the bottom. I saved our family's honour", Emma giggles. "But I'm afraid I won't outlast any of those three".

In fact, seeing Natalia pee, has already caused her to spurt. Her hands are quite wet and pee is dripping down from them.

Not much later, she too loses control.

"Guess it's down to the three of us then", Karolina says.

And an hour later it looks like it's gonna be a close battle. All three are fidgety and occasionaly grab themselves.

"Let's see if we can speed things up a bit", Ellen says getting up.

She stands facing Anna and spreads her legs to pee.

"Nothing", she says after ten seconds. She then faces Karolina, who doesn't seem to bothered either.

But when she faces Laura, the latter can't help but grab herself again.

"Nearly lost it there", she admits.

In reality, she lost a spurt but managed to stop it quickly.

Five minutes later she squirts again, longer this time.

"Looks like the final will be between you and me babe", Anna says.

"Oh no it won't, I can last a lot longer", Laura lies.

But while finishing another beer, she loses control.

"I see, that was much longer", Laura teases her.

"Battle of the love birds it is", Emma says.

"Gotta win this", Anna thinks, "I finally gotta beat my iron bladdered babe sometime".

Both are now constantly grabbing themselves, even harder when Natalia decides to pee again.

But neither have leaked half an hour later, so Emma decides to pee again.

This time, Anna leaks. Karolina manages to magically hold it back.

But the leak has proved to be just the start of it for Anna, as she starts leaking more and more frequently.

"Dammit!", she screams as she loses control. "I honestly thought I could beat you this one time".

"Guess not", Karolina smiles cheeckily.

As soon as her girlfriend finishes, she gets and spreads her legs. She uses her right hand to spread her labia and pees with as much power as possible.

"Wow, I didn't know I could pee that powerfully when my bladder's that full", she says happily.

TO BE CONTINUED
