House of Anubis - Desperate Measures

Author: Haruko

*000*2013-10-15 05:04

Okay so my mom introduced me to this Nickelodeon show on Netflix called House of Anubis. I've watched Season 1 on Netflix and quite a bit of 2 and 3 from various online sources. Anyway, I'm hooked enough to write a fanfiction based on the series. I plan to extend this one multiple chapters as it seems like the perfect candidate. I think the show's structure has given me some perspective on the matter of writing multiple chapter works.

Anyway, without further ado, here's Chapter 1...

NOTE: This chapter contains male desperation and wetting. Future chapters will likely not be exclusively male, but the first chapter is so...

###

Chapter 1: House of Trouble

It was a friday night and Jerome Clarke had somehow gotten himself locked in Mr. Eric Sweet’s office. He had snuck in at night hoping to change his grades, only to discover that the door had locked behind him. Try as he might, he was unable to find the key. Mr. Sweet must have taken it with him. Therefore, Jerome would simply have to wait there until morning, when Sweet came back to his office and Jerome would find himself in a LOT of trouble.

It wasn’t long before Jerome regretted not using the loo before he left Anubis house that night. He was greeted with the all too familiar twinge of his bladder. It wasn’t bad, but it was enough to acknowledge the fact that he needed to go. He bit his lip realizing he’d have to hold it through the night until Mr. Sweet unlocked the door.

A couple hours passed and Jerome considered using the phone to call for help getting out of the locked room. His bladder had progressed from needing to go to feeling the need to fidget… a lot. It was nearly 5:30 am. He had 3 hours until Mr. Sweet would supposedly arrive, and he didn’t know if he could hold it that long. He dismissed the phone idea, afraid it would get him in even more trouble.

“I shouldn’t have even come,” Jerome thought. Better grades would not be worth the amount of trouble he’d be in once Mr. Sweet found him here. Not to mention the predicament he found himself currently in. It was definitely not worth going through this.

Jerome pressed his legs together. “I don’t think I’ve ever been so eager to see Mr. Sweet walk through that door until now.” Jerome said to himself. He knew if it hadn’t been for his bladder distress he’d be more worried about how severely he’d be punished when someone did find him. Jerome sat on the floor fidgeting. “He better come soon. I don’t know how much longer I can hold it”

It was almost 8:00 am when Jerome heard footsteps. By now he was more than eager to get out of Mr. Sweets office. He clutched his manhood through his pocket as hard as he could, bent over due to the fact he couldn’t stand straight. Just then, the door opened. Instead of Mr. Sweet, Jerome saw none of than... Victor?? What was Victor doing here before Mr. Sweet?

“Jerome Clarke?” Victor said in a stern voice, “What, may I ask, are you doing in Eric’s LOCKED office at this hour?”

Jerome stuttered, “I… um… I… I was just…” A bladder spasm interrupted Jerome and he doubled over, clutching his crotch for dear life. “Sir, if I may first go to the loo…”

“Silence!” Victor stated. “You may leave for now, but you will be in this office after school, where you will explain to both me and Eric exactly why you were here. Is that clear?”

Jerome nodded and started towards the door. He had reached the doorway when all of a sudden he felt yet another spasm and a slight warmth from his crotch. “NO NO NO NO…” He muttered as he stopped and grabbed himself as hard as he could to stop the flow.

“Is something wrong Jerome?” Victor asked in the same cold voice as before.

Jerome could hardly move after that last spasm. He started to leak through his grip slowly. “I…” Jerome started, but before he could finish the floodgates opened and Jerome stood in the doorway soaking himself with him own urine. He felt a rush of relief as the pressure disappeared, only to realize a moment later he had peed himself. “I couldn’t hold it…” Jerome said, his face turning a shade or two of red. “To be fair I was locked in here all night…” he protested.

Victor looked at him with a stern face. “Very well! Go get yourself cleaned up then you shall be taken out of your classes to clean up this mess and meet with Eric and I to explain why you were in here ‘all night’.”

“Yes sir!” Jerome replied before starting his walk of shame back to Anubis House to get fresh clothes.

###

Okay, so I'll get to working on Chapter 2 as soon as I come up with some ideas. There will be more to this story than just wetting and holding, so every chapter won't necessarily be like this one, I just wanted to start off with something in this ball park. Elements from this chapter will tie into non omo parts of the story (like why Victor's skulking around Mr. Sweet's office). So stay tuned.

Feedback would be much appreciated (also sorry if I've offended anyone british with trying to sound british in places... most of the cast is british and the show is filmed in liverpool so I wanted to give it the same touch as the show...). Please let me know where improvements could be made! Thanks!

