ICarly: Chapter One: The Bus Ride

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2013-05-09 22:19

Carly blearily glanced at her alarm clock. 8:12. Shit. She had to be on the school bus by 8:20.

"SAM, WAKE UP!" Carly hissed.

"But I don't have school today," Sam complained.

"Yes you do, it's Monday," Carly rolled her eyes.

"Fuck,"

Sam rolled out of bed, wearing just her white bra and panties. She removed them hastily, revealing her large breasts and short pubic hair. She changed into some black underwear, 3/4 length jeans and a white t shirt. Carly looked enviously, she'd always been slightly jealous of Sam's bigger breasts. Carly had shaved her pubes recently, and she preferred how she looked this way. She put on her favourite red panties and a matching bra for her petite boobs, before desperately struggling to some skinny jeans and a purple jumper. Both went into the kitchen to get some breakfast. Sam wearily went to get some bacon.

"No time Sam."

"Urghhhh," Sam sighed, before downing a full glass of orange juice. Carly did the same, while debating in her head whether she had time for food.

It was now 8:28, and Carly was panicking. She had never been late for school before, and she didn't want today to be a first. Sam went towards the bathroom.

"Have you got your books?" Carly asked.

"I'll get them after, I really need to use the bathroom" Sam replied, placing her hand between her legs in mock desperation.

"We don't have time," Carly said this with a hint of tetchiness in his voice.

"Fine!" Sam growled, looking longingly at the toilet. While she wasn't desperate yet, she wasn't keen on using the toilets in school, especially as the teachers were so strict.

Sam picked up her books, and trudged out the door. Carly followed on, double checking she had everything. The bus stopped right outside the house, and they both sat in the only two seats next to each other left, on the bumpiest area of the bus

"This is going to help my bladder," Sam sarcastically whispered.

"Stop going on about it," Carly moaned.

"Aw, does someone have to go tinkle too?" Sam mockingly asked.

"No," Carly said if only to convince herself. She actually had to go pretty badly. And it didn't help that Sam kept mentioning it. Carly crossed her legs and hoped she'd let it go.

"So you don't mind if i talk about splashing, dripping water, toilets flushing, waterfalls.."

"Alright, I really have to pee," Carly admitted.

"It's cool Carls, we'll go when we get there,"

"Yeah, it will only be 20 minutes,"

But Carly didn't consider the possibility of traffic. Half an hour later and they had only travelled a few miles. The desperation had increased for both girls, Carly had been forced to put her hand between her leg at regular intervals, while Sam kept voicing how she was going to wet herself, and bouncing up and down in her seat.

"What's the hold up, some of us have to pee back here!" Sam yelled.

"Sam, not so loud," Carly hissed, again grabbing hold of her crotch.

"Sorry, there's been a crash, you should be in school in time for first lesson," a teacher assured them.

"Great," Carly murmured.

"This is really bad Carls, I haven't had to pee this bad in a long time,"

"Just don't think about it, we'll be there soon,"

"I hope I last that long," Sam replied, now with both hands stuffed in the crotch of her jeans. She hadn't had an accident since she was eight, when she pissed herself on the side of the road while on holiday. Now she was seriously contemplating the prospect that she might have an accident again. The orange juice had now worked its way to the bladder, and it was screaming for release.

Carly meanwhile suffered silently, trying to think different thoughts. But every thought went back to the toilet, the feel of relief, the embarrassment she felt last time she wet herself. She was hoping it wouldn't come to that, but now she truly was bursting.

By the time the coach arrived, Carly and Sam were almost in tears. Their full bladders were visible underneath their tops, and a few people had already asked them if they were ok. Carly began to stand up when she gasped.

"What's wrong?" Sam asked.

"I think I just leaked a little," Carly cried, sticking both hands in her crotch to prevent further leakage.

Sam took extra care standing up, and made sure to keep her legs as close together as possible. They both walked into school, trying not to draw attention to the fact that they were on the verge of wetting themselves. As soon as they were out of sight of the other students, they ran as fast as their aching bladders would let them to the toilet. They saw a sign however that caused them to panic.

"TOILET OUT OF ORDER. OPEN LUNCHTIME!"

"Nooooo!" they cried in unison now in agony.

"What are we going to do?" Carly desperately asked, leaking a bit again.

"I don't know, but if I go to lessons, I'll wee my pants,"

Right next to it was the boys toilets, Carly and Sam both looked at each other.

"I'm so desperate now, I'd pee anywhere," Sam replied, her resolve finally beginning to slip.

They opened the bathroom, only to find there was only one stall.

"Shit, who gets to go first?" Sam asked.

"Come on, I'm already leaking!" Carly begged, a wet spot had formed on her crotch.

"Rock, paper, scissors?" Sam suggested.

"Sure," Carly was now bent over with her hands desperately holding her pee from exploding out of her urethra. Sam had already removed her jeans, and was gripping her peehole to gain some time.

They tried Rock, paper, scissors, First time, both rock, second time, both scissors, third time both scissors again.Eventually Carly came out on top, trumping rock with paper.

"Hurry!" Sam begged.

Carly ran into the stall and bolted the door shut. She hurried desperately to remove her belt from her jeans. She panicked as she failed to remove it. The sight of the toilet made this pure agony.Tears flooded down Carly's face as the inevitable happened. Just as she removed her belt, the dam building up inside her finally cracked, as pee trickled out of her urethra. Firstly it built up in her red panties, but eventually they had reached capacity. The pee dripped down her leg, and finally burst completely, covering her legs with her hot urine. She wriggled to get her jeans off, but the damage was already done. The feeling was so orgasmic that she just left her panties on.

The sound of Carly's pee hitting the toilet water was too much for Sam. After pleading for Carly to let her in, she collapsed on the floor as her pee quickly soaked her jeans. She felt the contrast of extreme relief and extreme humiliation. She knew she'd have to face her peers with urine soaked jeans, but right now, she wanted to enjoy the incredible feeling this had given her. Carly let her into her stall, and they both hugged each other with their wet clothing clinging to each other.

"Can I see?" Sam shyly asked.

Carly obliged, pulling down her jeans to show her wet panties. She pulled the waistband of her panties to show her womanhood glistening with pee. Sam showed Carly her panties without prompting, now completely see through. The two shared a kiss, and almost started feeling each other's erect nipples before a voice brought them back to earth.

"Who's in there?"

Sam and Carly both froze, for that was the unmistakable voice of their best friend Freddie. They both knew things were about to get a lot worse.

*005*2013-05-10 12:27

Thanks for the feedback, Chapter 2 coming soon!

*006*2013-05-10 13:04

Chapter 2

Freddy walked into the bathroom. He regretted leaving to so long, as he was bursting for a wee. He went over to the urinals, but silently cursed after seeing they had been blocked off. He grasped his cock desperately to stop himself leaking. He waited outside the locked toilet, but he could of sworn he'd heard Sam's voice before.

"Who's in there?"

No reply. Silence. That was odd, he thought.

"Some of us have to pee out here,"

Carly and Sam looked at each other in despair. They couldn't risk going out of the stall yet, but Freddy obviously wouldn't leave it.

"Use the urinal." Sam said, trying her best man voice.

"Sam I know it's you. Let me in, I'm about to wet myself," Freddy said, crossing his legs even further.

The idea of Freddy wetting himself turned on Carly. Maybe it was her already horny state after wetting herself, but she was now desperate to see Freddy doing a pee dance and releasing in his pants.

"Fine, come in," Carly moaned, concealing her joy.

"What happened to you?" Freddy asked shocked. His bladder could wait, but he couldn't believe that he was seeing his two best friends in the boys bathroom with urine soaked jeans, almost in tears.

"We had a bit of an accident," Sam replied, red in the face.

"Yeah, well I'm about to have one of my own. Can you get out?" Freddy was never normally this rude, but his bladder was full to capacity. It had been dribbling during maths, and now it was ready to explode.

"We're not leaving. We can't let anyone see us like this. Just do your business, we promise we won't watch." Sam answered back.

"Or you could just wet yourself?" Carly blurted out. She then blushed. She'd never normally suggest such a thing, but she was so turned on right now. She could see Freddy was. His cock gave him away.

"No thanks. Please leave, I can't pee with you in here."

"Tough shit buddy," Sam answered harshly.

Freddy was about to reply, but a long spurt of pee leaked out of his cock.

"Crap, I just pissed a bit, come on girls,"

"No, either in the toilet, or in your pants," Carly gave him the option.

Freddy had already whipped his cock out, and had it pointing over the toilet. Both Carly and Sam sneaked a look and were surprised at how big it was.

"I can't pee!" Freddy complained. Now it was his turn to try his luck. "Maybe if one of you peed, that would help me go,"

Carly and Sam looked at each other again, and Carly eagerly answered.

"I still have some left," Carly replied.

"Hurry, I'm in agony here."

Carly decided just to go in her already wet jeans. She felt the newly discovered fantastic feeling of the hot urine on her crotch. Her knickers clinged to her fanny, and two streams fell down her legs. Carly had to resist the urge to moan, and Freddy was clearly enjoying it, his penis now fully erect. He tried again.

"Still can't go, maybe if one of you go in the bowl."

"Sorry, all empty. Sam?"

"No way. I'm not letting him see me naked," Sam protested.

"You've seen my cock," Freddy cheekily mentioned.

"Fine," Sam swiftly pulled her sticky wet jeans down, and took her panties off. Freddy looked on. He had never seen a girl his age in that way before, yet now he was about to see one pee in front of him.

Sam positioned herself on the toilet bowl, and released. Her pee hit the toilet water with force, and she didn't hide her groans of relief. In truth, her previous bladder exploits had left her weak, and she was already desperate by the time Freddy had walked in. The sound was too much for Freddy, who had already put his cock back in his jeans.

"Shit, move Sam,"

"No, I'm peeing here."

"Just go in your panties, I'm leaking," Freddy protested.

Sam tried her best to stop her stream, feeling unusually compassionate. Freddy pulled his cock back out, but he had already left a massive wet spot on his light blue jeans. He sighed in relief as he managed to get the rest of his pee in the toilet, well as much as his erect penis would allow. Meanwhile Sam was desperately holding back another flood, and her urethra continued to leak urine.

"Hurry up Freddy," she yelled.

But it was too late, her bladder finished the job it had started on the toilet in her jeans. Sam looked angrily at Freddy, while the pee built up in her knickers. Her private parts were now sticking to the fabric of her cotton panties, and was making her feel really uncomfortable. Sam thought about stopping the flow again, but it felt so good just releasing the pee that she desperately had held.

"You idiot, you've pissed yourself anyway" Sam angrily gestured towards his saturated jeans.

"So what are we going to do now?" Carly asked, as the three of them stood there with urine soaked cloths, in the only stall in the boy's toilet. Lunchtime was fast approaching, and they couldn't stay there all day.

*009*2013-05-12 00:37

Chapter 3

Carly came home wanting to cry. How could her school be so unforgiving? No spare clothes for her to change into, no chance to go home and shower and detention for skipping lessons. She had to spend the whole day sat in her pee-soaked clothes, listening to people taunt her. It had been bad for everyone, both Sam and Freddy had been mocked in equal measure. Because of detention, they'd all had to walk back across the streets in pissy clothes. Carly's bladder has significantly weakened due to the morning's events, and by the time she reached her bathroom, she was desperate. She pulled the door handle. Locked.

"Spencer, are you in there?" Carly asked, bouncing up and down while jamming her hands into her crotch.

"Yeah, I just got in."

"How long are you going to be?" Carly worried about the prospect of another accident.

"20 minutes maybe. Why?"

"No reason." She lied. She knew she wouldn't last 20 minutes, but she wanted to try and see how long she could make it. She removed all her clothes, and put them in the washing machine before Spencer asked questions. She stood there completely naked in her kitchen, trying to hold the large amount of pee left inside her. She broke into a pee dance, while clutching her shaved fanny. She tried to relax watching TV, but her thoughts drifted to the events earlier. How Sam looked in utter desperation, the way she broke into a sweat, the way her eyes filled with tears, the way the bent over forwards to keep her pee in, the way she stuck her hands into her crotch. And then the relief, the moans, the pee dripping out of her cotton panties.

And then afterwards. The way her breasts felt, the look of her hairy soaked vagina. This was weird, Carly thought. Normally, she'd be repulsed by bodily functions, yet now, all she wanted was to see Sam naked and desperate to pee. It was the same for Freddy. Carly had never usually thought of him as more than a kind friend, but after seeing him wet himself after a period of desperation, she kind of saw him as boyfriend material. Her thought's were interrupted as a short burst of pee leaked on the couch.

"Shit" She said, desperately sticking her fingers into her peehole in order to stop anymore leakage. This was bad, she needed somewhere to pee and quick.

"Spencer open up. I'm about to piss myself!" Carly yelled, as another spurt of wee gained freedom.

"WHAT?" Spencer shouted.

"I'M ABOUT TO WEE MYSELF"

"WHAT?"

"NEVER MIND!"

Carly needed a back up plan. She grabbed a small drinking glass from the counter, placed her pussy lips inside the glass and began to urinate. The pee made a harsh dripping sound on the glass, and Carly pulled a relieved facial expression. But this was short lived, as she realised the glass was too small. She had to stop her stream. She pressed her hands against her squirting pee hole, and while her hands dampened a bit, she managed to temporarily stop the flow, albeit while in agony herself. She used her hands to lift her up onto the counter. Moving her hand caused her urethra to squirt pee at the floor, but she managed to position herself over the sink. She once again let her pee go while her bottom was carefully positioned over the sink. At that moment, Sam and Freddy both walked in.

"Carly?" Sam asked, looking flustered herself.

"Oh God, I'm so embarrassed," Carly exclaimed, blushing.

Freddy just stared open mouthed. Seeing Sam half naked before was good, but now he saw his crush of five years fully naked, while peeing in a sink. For the most mortifying day of his life, it had gone pretty well.

"Shit, is there something wrong with your bathroom? Because I really need to pee again." Sam asked, breaking into a pee dance.

"No, but Spencer's using it."

"Crap, I'm leaking here." Sam put her hands into her knickers in order to stop any further damage. Freddy just looked on in ecstasy.

"I'd better get dressed before Spencer comes out."

Freddy admired as Carly's naked body ran past him,and then turned his attention to Sam, who was sat on a stool with her hands dug deep into her crotch. Freddy was still annoyed at Sam, who had tickled him until he wet himself again on the way home, so he decided to get even. He slowly turned the water tap on.

"Knock it off you bastard, I really have to go."

"Unlucky."

"Come on, I'm going to wee myself."

"Like I did before?"

"Fuck off Freddy."

Spencer walked out of the bathroom, but it was Freddy who ran in and locked the door.

"Come on Freddy, I'm leaking her." She was right, pee had slowly started dribbling out of her panties.

"Come on Freddy, let her go." Carly had emerged, wearing a sexy miniskirt and a white tshirt that showed off her purple bra,

"Fine," Freddy groaned.

Sam waddled in to the bathroom, but a big wet spot had formed on her jeans. Using all her willpower, she managed to get her jeans and severely dampened panties off. While she relieved her full bladder, Freddy decided to take a big risk.

"Carly, I've liked you for ages now, and I know you could do a lot better, but no-one could love you as much as I love you. Will you consider being my girlfriend."

"Freddy that's so sweet. I'd love to." Before today, Carly would have let him down gently, but now she felt Freddy really was right for her. As Sam emerged looking relieved, Carly broke the news.

"Me and Freddy are going out!"

"Really?" Sam looked strangely disappointed. "Um... I'm happy for you guys." That couldn't be any further from the truth. She'd grown to really like Freddy, despite giving him a hard time. She was days away from asking him out herself, and had always been jealous of Freddy's obsession with Carly. She'd go home and cry later, but now she had to pretend to be happy for her two best friends new found relationship."

*015*2013-05-13 14:18

Chapter 4

A week had gone since that strange day, and it had been a strange week to follow it. Carly and Freddy's new found relationship had left Sam alone and jealous, while mocking had continued about the wetting. iCarly had been aired as usual, and Sam decided it would be funny to tell their story. They told it in full detail, and had overwhelming response asking Carly and Sam to have a holding contest. Carly thought about this as she straightened her hair. Did she want the public to see her possibly wet herself, or at least come close to wetting herself? Just telling the story made her feel sick. But then it had felt amazing when she did piss herself, and she would secretly love to see Sam desperate again.

She looked at her clock. Half past six. She had loads of time. Freddy had organised a date for them to go and see some crappy Titanic remake that he thought would be romantic, but she thought would be long and boring. Nevertheless, she was happy to be going on this date, and she hoped they'd be too busy making out to concentrate on the film. Carly put her sexiest black lingerie on, a denim mini skirt and a white jumper. Her hair was now done, so she just had her make up to do. She took a large swig of Cola from her almost empty glass and began to apply the make up. By the time she was finished, the doorbell rang and Freddy was waiting.

"Hi Carls, ready to go?" he asked, giving her a kiss on the cheek.

"Sure," she said, downing the rest of her Coke.

Carly followed Freddy into the taxi he had booked. Freddy was wearing casual jeans and a grey hoodie. She liked the fact that he never felt the need to over impress her since they started going out. It had been a relaxing relationship so far.

"You look nice," Freddy commented, although really his teenage mind was interested in what was underneath the clothes.

"You too babe." Carly returned the compliment. The two continued their pleasant conversation until they reached the cinema. Freddy stepped out of the taxi, and held his arm out to help Carly out.

"What a gentleman." Carly exclaimed, as Freddy tried to get a glimpse up her miniskirt. He thought he saw the edge of some black panties, but he couldn't be certain. Freddy paid the taxi driver and they went inside to get their tickets. After that, they went straight to the refreshment line.

"Two extra large cokes please." Freddy asked.

Carly grimaced slightly. The medium sized cokes usually filled her small bladder to the brim, so she wasn't sure how she'd put up with the extra large coke. She couldn't do anything about it now though, as Freddy had already paid. It didn't help that she already felt a minor urge in her bladder. She thought about going to the restroom, but she decided against it. The two got seats right by the wall and at the back, so no one could see what they were doing. Their plan was quickly foiled however, as four people sat right next to them. This worried Carly, as she was naturally shy and wouldn't want to have to excuse herself to the bathroom if she had to ask them. She slumped in her seat, and took a big sip of coke in the process.

The film was about an hour in now, and Freddy uncomfortably shifted in his seat. He was so thirsty at the start of the film that he had almost downed his coke 20 minutes in. He was beginning to regret this now as he desperately crossed his legs. It didn't help that the entire film was set on the ocean, and therefore with a continuous soundtrack of crashing waves and dripping water. He was starting to worry he'd wet himself in front of the most gorgeous girl he knew for the second time in a week. He grasped his crotch and hoped for the best.

Carly was now desperate for a wee, there were still two hours of the four hour film left, and she wasn't sure if she could make it one hour. Not even concentrating on the film helped, as it was so water based. She absentmindedly took a big sip of coke, and realised she'd finished the whole cup. Her bladder was now full of an extra large coke, on top of the coke she'd had before. She was at the stage of desperation she'd usually reach at the end of a film, but the end was nowhere near of this one. She was forced to stick her right hand to hold her crotch, in slim hope she could make it till the end of the film.

Great, the crash has started, Freddy thought sarcastically. This involved a great deal of water leaking out of pipes, splashing waves, and continuous shots of the bathroom flooding. And he was in danger of leaking too, his bladder was full of recycled coke, and he knew it was only a matter of time before it soaked his boxers. He was absolutely busting for a pee. He looked over at Carly, and saw her hands jammed into her crotch. Her eyes were full of tears.

"Carly do you have to pee?"

"I'm bursting." Carly could barely talk. Some pee leaked into her knickers as she said this. She gasped, and crossed her legs to ease the pain. "I'm going to wet myself any minute."

"Come on, let's go!" As Freddy stood up, a big spurt of pee leaked out of his boxers. He paused to compose himself, then slowly pushed through the people sitting next to them. Carly was having bigger problems, her wee was trying to force itself out of her urethra. She slowly got herself up, but couldn't let go of her crotch. The film then showed some crashing waves as the worst time, and Carly almost lost her fight with her bladder there and then. A small spurt of urine welled up in the crotch of her panties, put she managed to make it out of the theatre without wetting herself.

When she got out, she saw two things that made her heart sink. Firstly, the line to the ladies was very long, and it would take at least 5 minutes to make it into a stall. Secondly, at the back of the line were two of the bitchiest girls from school, who kept giving her a hard time after her accident. There was no way she could let them see her like this. Freddy was on his way to the men's bathroom, but Carly dragged him back.

"There's no way I'm going with them there." she hissed.

"But I'm going to piss myself!" complained Freddy.

"Come on," she said. She headed towards the emergency exit, and when no one was looking, pushed the door to bring them to the back of the cinema. "I'm sure there's a toilet round here!"

Carly hobbled in utter desperation, while Freddy carried on behind, hands gripping his penis to stem the flow. Freddy was ready to piss himself, but he dragged himself to the side of the road. He struggled to get his cock out of his jeans without completely soaking his boxers, but he did eventually, and sighed as a stream of urine flowed out. The relief was something else, but Carly looked furious.

"So now I'm the only one of us who has to pee? How is that fair?" Carly now had both hands up her skirt and had her legs tightly crossed. The sound of Freddy's trickle wasn't helping, so she decided to keep on going.

"I'm sorry Carly, but these are my favourite jeans."

"Yeah, and these are my favourite panties," she pulled up her miniskirt revealing her sexy black knickers, much to Freddy's pleasure. Another spurt of pee leaked out, and Freddy could see it darken her panties slightly. "But you don't see me taking them off and wetting on the street."

"Carly, just pee."

"I'm not peeing myself again. I am old enough to control my own bladder." She continued to stride towards the fabled bathrooms. Another spurt leaked out, but she soon saw the public bathroom. At that point, her bladder almost voided completely.

"Yes!" she exclaimed. She ran inside as fast as her aching bladder would allow her. As it looked empty, Freddy decided to follow her into the ladies. He heard a shriek coming from Carly.

"EW!!" Carly was looking at a disgusting unflushed toilet bowl with a seat covered in urine. She was on the verge, and a long spurt leaked out of her panties.

"What are you going to do?" Freddy asked.

Carly broke into a full pee pee dance, while desperately holding her crotch. Her bladder decided to make the decision for her. Initially the pee pooled at the crotch of her panties, but soon, they were full to capacity and it trickled down her legs. Freddy was so turned on by this, and took the opportunity to place his hand on her still urinating crotch. Carly moaned in relief as her extremely full bladder emptied.The pee collected in Freddy's hand, this was the most intimate as he had ever been with a girl. With Carly still peeing, Freddy grabbed her to the floor and started passionately kissing her, while exploring every inch of her soaked knickers. After 5 minutes of kissing, the two sat up, both amazed at the experience. Freddy had Carly's urine all over his lap now, while Carly was covered in her own urine, but they both knew that there was something about peeing that really turned them on. It was Carly who spoke first.

"I think we should do the holding contest."

