Collar Dreams part 1 - The Switch (original fiction)

Author: Aleana

*000*2012-02-26 07:09

*~*

"There are a few different ways the game can end," I tell him, my voice almost indifferent, disguising very well my burning eagerness. His eyes are such a lovely, hard black, striking with an unforgiving power. He's trying to overwhelm me with his dominance - and ordinarily, it would work. Ordinarily, I would be captivated, I would duck my head submissively, not even aware I was doing it - the natural response of a slave to such a dominant Master. But this is not an ordinary occasion.

*~*

Nothing much is happening - for he is asleep. Deep, even breathing causes a chest hard with muscle to rise and fall, and his sharp, predatory gaze hides behind pale lids that are faintly, very faintly, violet on the rims. Dark hair, almost black, falls in waves around his face, stopping just above his shoulders. He is a classic beauty, the very image of dominance. And he is naked, his flaccid maleness laying dormant on a downy bed of spiraling curls.

I wonder if the classically cut chair of dark wood will hold him, this lean, powerful Master. It doesn't look very strong, gleaming dully in the dim light of the close, stone-walled room, no larger than a walk-in closet. I think maybe it will hold him, if he progresses far enough before he begins to struggle. Maybe even if he doesn't. The larks-head knot loops a richly cream-colored rope a dozen or so times around his upper arms, elbows, and wrists, his upper chest, his abdomen, and in a more complex knot, binds his pelvis to the bend of the chair. That last is quite loose, though.

His feet are tied a little differently. You see, I wanted his legs to be quite moveable, but his feet must not reach the ground. Therefore, his lower half is only bound around the ankles, which are tied in such a way as to form shackles around them, rather than having them lashed crudely together. This is connected with a triple loop about four inches long to the bar underneath the seat, keeping his legs bent almost double at all times, but allowing quite a bit of movement.

I love movement.

But wait - he's awake. His breathing isn't quite as smooth and automatic, but his eyes are still closed. He shifts slightly in his seat, and I can see muscles ripple very slightly across his stomach. Can it be that he already has a need? Surely not - that would be too perfect. Life doesn't hand me gifts like that, does it?

"Hello, Jake."

I don't want to say his eyes fly open - it's a quick movement, but it's deliberate, controlled, just like every movement he makes. Nevertheless, his laser focus settles on me, and I'm almost shaken from my topspace by the blaze in them. He's no fool - he was aware of his situation, the whole situation, heartbeats after waking.

"You're the new girl." His voice is low, almost a purr, but it's feral. Unfriendly.

"Not quite new. That implies that I'm staying here - in truth, I only came back after the first munch to get you alone. It was an opportunity I couldn't miss."

"What, to tie me up?" That wild, controlled voice is derisive now. "And what was your opportunity?"

"Your drink," I tell him with a lazy smile. "I sat next to you at the table during dinner, if you recall. You'd been drinking quite a bit of alcohol, and so when you went to the bathroom, I spiked your drink with a sleeping pill - ambien. Nobody was surprised when you went out like a light. Passed out, they thought, from drink. Never occurred to them it would be something more. You've only been out for about two hours - I'm shocked by that, I'll tell you."

"You intend to kill me, then, to keep your secret?" There's no trace of worry in his voice, nor fear. His power over self is what attracted me to him - even now, the sound of his voice, the dormant violence sends a slow burn through my groin at the thought that this man, this Man, is under my control, even in only this little way.

"Kill you? No - I told you, I'm going home after this. Nobody here knows my name or phone number, and I took the bus to get to munches. You'll never find me. Why should I care if you know my secret?"

At this, a little impatiences shadows his eyes, just a hint, visible in the tiny tightening in the corners. "Then what is your intention, girl?"

I smile.

"You're going to wet all over yourself for me - and for the internet. They'll love you."

Now I get a reaction. His hands in their restraints ball into fists, and fury flashes in those dark eyes. His muscles flex, now, testing the restraints, but he needn't have bothered. I'm a nurse, I can surely restrain someone without fearing escape.

Then, like all those who have real strength, rather than the affected sort, he realizes that this is something he has no real control over, and makes his mind not to even try to avoid it. He'll get free all the sooner that way, right?

Wrong. I have to say something quickly, to head it off. There has to be a way in his mind that he can get out of this unscathed, unshamed. There's really no way, of course. But I'll make him think there is. "You see, we're going to play a game."

"There are a few different ways the game can end," I tell him, no emotion in my eyes, but a deep, eager burning in my groin and a jumpy excitement in my belly let me know the lie. "You know the first, of course - You wet yourself. But of course, there will be a penalty for that. I'll leave you here until someone finds you. I've set a message to send from a false email address to the leader of your munch, in 48 hours, telling him where to find you, and that you may need medical assistance. But that would be very unpleasant for you. Not the least because a video of the first 36 hours of that will be sold all over the internet."

"And the other ways?" He's not happy now, not in the least. I allow myself a small smile. This would be so much easier with a submissive, but my god, is there anything more primally arousing than a powerful man losing control?

"Another is for you to last four hours without losing significant bladder volume. If you succeed in this, I'll let you use a portable urinal, then give you your clothes back and release you. The video will be destroyed."

"How can I know you'll keep your word on that last," he demanded.

"You can't," I say simply. What choice does he really have, though? "The last way is for you win our game, instead of it just timing out. I'll warn you that it's quite difficult to win, but still easier than holding four hours under my terms."

"The game is this - I have a gallon of water here." I indicate behind me many bottles of water, stacked neatly. "You'll drink four bottles that start the game. We'll wait a half-hour, then. After that time is up, the game really starts. I'll roll a D100 - that;s a 100 sided dice, sort of - and if you get a multiple of 20, you're free to go. You win. Anything else, and you get another bottle of water. You can roll once for every bottle of water after the first four, and you're permitted to either do them right on top of eachother, or you can wait."

They're not full-sized bottles, they're the half-sized that they give out at some events. So four bottles is about enough to fill your stomach without too much effort - he can probably take six at once without vomiting it back up, maybe even eight. But it only takes one stomach-full to make you fill up pretty quickly - the rest of the water is psychological, really. By the time the first load makes it through, there won't be room for any more.

I can see he's decided to play along with my game. It's not defeat, not yet - he's still condescending to behave. He assumes he can get loose if he tries hard enough. He'll be defeated, though, in time.

"Roll, then," he tells me tersely, a growl of anger in his voice.

I scoop a bottle of water up in pale hands first, unscrewing it and holding it to his lips. "Drink, first." He does. The first one, then the second, then the third, he has no trouble downing. By the time he reaches the fourth, though, his stomach is visibly distended. He shifts in his seat with discomfort. I smile, watching the muscles ripple across his abdomen as his bladder begins to contract slightly, protesting the addition. Still, it's obviously no trouble to contain it. Probably he's not worried yet, not seriously. "All of it." He tilts his head back, accepting the fourth bottle, grimacing slightly as his stomach protests the excess fluid.

He's not worried, but he's forgotten something. There's a hormone in the brain called ADH - antidiuretic hormone. It causes you to retain water, and it's suppressed with alcohol - in other words, alcohol is a diuretic. He probably has to go quite badly already, and doesn't realize the danger.

Half an hour passes uneventfully.

I roll the dice - one d-10 labeled with tens digits, and one labeled with single digits. They come up "10" and "1". 11. Not good enough. I smile sweetly and point to the dice on the ground. He can read them easily from their meager three feet from his feet.

"You can drink your water now, or save it, and your next roll, for later. Just let me know when you're ready for it." He decides to wait, and communicates this by turning his head to the side dismissively. It's clear his stomach is just too full for another bottle right now. Besides, the less he drinks, the better his odds are of reaching the 4 hour mark.

But he's headed for trouble now, and he can see it. Lean, powerful thighs move reflexively every couple of minutes, and I can see his abdomen contract to counter bladder contractions, every so often. He's passed the point of passive signals - now he's receiving an urge. It should have come before now - he "broke the seal" at the party a couple hours ago. I'm not sure why it didn't.

Distress crosses his supremely masculine features. He is worried now. He's no longer sure he can last the next three and a half hours, but if he plays the game, he knows he won't. He has to choose. He does.

"Water," he says, a touch of hoarseness in his tone. The slow burn becomes a flash fire, a bolt of lightning that shoots from my clitoris up and throughout my body. I can feel a very slight moistness between shaved lips. I hold the fifth bottle to his lips. He drinks it silently, and does not speak when I roll, or when it comes up as 54.

"Tell me when," I say lightly, smiling. This is a fantasy come true for me, something I never expected to get to see. I'm delighted. Well, actually, that, my dear, is what you call an understatement.

Him, not so much. Muscles are clenching low in his belly, all visible on a body with very little fat. I can actually see the strain, and it's the most beautiful artwork I've ever seen. Another wave hits, and he clenches his fists. The hiss of air between his teeth echoes in the small stone room.

"How would it be," he seethed, "If I shouted myself hoarse and called attention to your little game?" I laugh.

"Sweetie, you're in a dungeon, these walls are stone lined with cork. By all means, scream yourself hoarse. Nobody will hear you."

"Water," he says sullenly. His control is starting to crack. He's bouncing his legs continuously now, and every couple of minutes makes a tiny groaning noise in the back of his throat. But when I hold the water bottle to his lips, he drains it. His eyes are rapt as they watch the dice fall, even though his torso is twisting and his legs and moving constantly. As the dice clatter to the hard tile floor, I see something so exciting, I forget to gloat.

His manhood is no longer lying passively on that bed of dark fleece. In time with a new contraction, induced by the 98 laying on the floor, it flails once, wildly, and he seems to clench every muscle in his body. Harsh breathing echoes around the room, mine from arousal, his from his rising desperation. He moans, and with that sound, his self-control is shattered, gone. Hissing gasps are now accompanied by a light sheen of sweat. It's clear he's in real pain. His penis flicks again, its contents fighting to get out. Another low moan, and a whispered, "Please, no - " and I can see a point of light there, glistening at the end of his manhood, growing slowly larger. "No!" his voice cracks.

The droplet wells forth, and slides down the head of his member to hang from the ring, followed by a tiny trickle of liquid. "Ahhhh-" he growls, and with a supreme effort, stops the trickle altogether. But this has cost him. The wave passes, but leaves him shaking, his face darkened and sweating.

"W-ater," he hisses, pain screaming in his tone. His eyes are wild, desperate. I know this is the very last thing he wants, but he knows there's no other way to get out. As I tip the water bottle back, having pressed it to his lips, I look down, and my eyes snag on the hard mound above his pubis, an obvious protrusion. He's fighting so hard, and there's so little chance that it'll come to anything but his face all over the internet.

The water goes down his thoat as quickly as he can make it - he actually sucks the bottle, trying to get it down faster, then flings the bottle aside and shakes, quivers with effort, and he waits for me to roll the dice. Something garbled comes out of his mouth, and I have no clue what it is he's trying to say, but I get the gist.

Dice fall.

23.

His eyes almost fill with tears at the sight of that number. "Water!" he cries, "Give me another one!" It's clear the whole world has sped up to a thousand times normal speed for him. He can't sit still, his thinking is fractured with panic, pain, and desperation. Reality has become very twisted in his mind. This next bottle goes down even faster than the first - so fast that I worry he'll be sick. But he keeps it down, and I eye him evilly, holding the dice in my hand.

Dark, pleading eyes watch raptly my dice hand, but his own hands are straining at their bonds, trying with every bit of effort he can muster to reach his manhood and somehow hold back the coming flood. "It's coming it'scomingit'scoming'scomingohfu-uck," he says in an undertone. He rocks in time with his rapidly beating heart, his face contorts with effort and pain, and his manhood twitches again once - twice - three times. And this time it's not a trickle, but a bursting full-on squirt. I don't know how he manages to stop it, but after a couple of seconds, he does. Muscles twist and flex, and his breath comes in gasps. "Throw it!" he shouts. He thrusts his hips in the air, in some random, desperate movement. Then he gasps again, and I can't take my eyes off of him to drop the dice.

I'm literally immobilized with heat and shocking pleasure, and I add a gasp on my own, the sounds echoing in our ears in the chamber.

He writhes, shaking, weeping now, his body soaked in sweat. Mesmerized, I move a couple of steps forward, and press a hot, sweaty hand to his grossly distended bladder. "No!" It's a quiet, restrained sort of scream. He lurches forward, curls in on himself, rocking madly and every muscle quivers. "Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck -" He can't stop it, though.

Suddenly, it's everywhere, hot, liquid gold comes more in a blast than a flow, and he's not trying to stop it anymore - his whole body has gone limp. His tired muscles could not longer hold out, and he rides the pleasure and relief of all that finally hissing out of him. He's covered in the stuff, and there's a puddle beneath the chair, but he's still wetting, he can't help himself.

Finally, finally it's over. He leans over as far as his restraints will allow, panting, head ducked, with his hair falling over his face. "Good - " he gulps in air.

"Good girl. You did well."

I beam. "Thank you, Master!"

