Mother Daughter Night Out

Author: murphdog

*000*2014-03-16 05:19

Annie thought that she had died an gone to heaven when her mom Connie had suggested that she was now a young women and as such she was entitled to attend her cousin Sara's bachelorette party. Sara was the oldest of the cousins and the first of their generation to get married, as such it was a big event for the family. At 18 this would be a Annie's first bachelorette party, but more important she was now being recognized as a young women. In Annie's family that was not a right of age but something that had to be earned. Annie had earned that right by not only graduating from high school but by being a very good person that had made her family proud.

Tonight with her family there would be no age restrictions, she was not restricted to the soft drinks or just sips of table wine it was up to her although certainly under the watchful eye of her female relatives. It was girl talk not the stuff that girls giggled about in the locker room but real stories about real life and what happens in the bedroom. For Annie it was an OMG night. Connie for her part proudly watched over her daughter, she was not there to dictate but to advise. In a couple of months Annie would be off to college tonight would be an experience to help prep her for the times when mom was not going to be there. As difficult as it was, Connie's oldest was about to leave the nest, never an easy thing for a parent.

Sara and Annie were five years apart but still very close, she had always looked up to Sara and Sara had always looked after her little cousin. Annie was so excited and to be one of the brides maids in Annie's mind it was such an honor. She was a big girl now and she loved it. As the margaritas flowed so did the candor. Annie about fell out of her chair when the subject of bridal diapers came up. Sara turned a little red when she admitted that her husband to be not only liked the idea but thought she should practice wearing them before the wedding. When asked what Jed (Sara's groom) was going to do if she actually wet her diaper Sara answered with a giggle "same as he does when ever I have a little accident he spanks my bare butt".

Annie was shell shocked, Sara her idle, some times wets her pants and gets spanked and judging from the comments being made other women she was not the only one. Even her own mother turned a little red and smiled one of those inward smiles that told Annie she was thinking naughty thoughts. Suddenly Annie's whole world was opened up, she was not so strange after all. Not that she was going to admit it here that she secretly wet her pants and sometimes wished her mom would catch her so she could get a spanking like she did when she was a little girl.

At about midnight the party broke up, arrangements had been made for the shuttle bus to take everyone home so no one had to drive. I very good thing since there were very few in attendance that should have been anywhere near a steering wheel at that moment. Annie and Connie lived about 12 miles out of town and would be the last to get dropped off. Normally the trip from town to home could be made with easy in about 20 minutes. So from the prospective of Annie and Connie it should not have been that big of a deal to wait until they got home before relieving themselves. But the shuttle was not normal, and there were several stops to be made and it was slow, like molasses in January slow. Twenty minutes was turning into an hour and a half.

It was Annie who broke the silence first. "Mom I really need to pee I don't know how much longer I can hold it" she whispered to her mother. "Me too" Connie whispered back, "we might have made it home sooner if we had walked and at least we could have peed in the bushes. Annie giggled at her mothers comment. Lots of times on their way home the two of them had stopped and watered the bushes. As bad as they had to go neither were about to asked the driver to stop so they could pee by the road side.

Connie dealt with the situation by tightly crossing her left leg over her right and rocking back and forth. Annie used the classic sit on her ankle maneuver while she bounced up and down. As the ride drug on all efforts of discreetness were abandoned in an all out attempt at not wetting themselves on the shuttle bus. As for the driver if he noticed he certainly didn't make any effort to drive faster. Connie would later referrer to the guy as a robodriver not even really sure that he was actually a human.

As they neared home both were rapidly moving from desperation to hopelessness. "Mom I am not going to make it" Annie whined. "Honey just make it long enough to get off of the bus" Connie whispered back. "Even if I make it to when we get dropped off I will never make it into the house" Annie whispered back. "Honey the second I get off this bus I am peeing my pants" Connie said with a bit of a giggle "I am not even going to try to make the bathroom".

"Will daddy still be up" Annie asked. Connie shot her one of those looks like what do you think. "Mom what is he going to say if we wet our pants is he going to be mad".

"Oh child your daddy is not going to be mad he is going to be..... uh he is going to uh" Connie struggled with the words she might have been a bit tipsy but telling her daughter about her and her husbands extra curricular activities was not very easy . "OH MY GOD MOM" exclaimed Annie "You and daddy uh well uh" it was now Annie who was struggling. Connie laughed out loud at her daughter "Yes honey your dad and I still have sex". Annie giggle and a little spurt escaped but she was able to quickly bring it back under control. "Mom so what is daddy going to do if you wet your pants" Annie asked coyly not really expecting an answer. Connie gave her inquisitive daughter another of her mom looks, normally she would have stopped the conversation right there but well tonight was different. Connie fought off bladder surge gathered what composer she had left and frankly leveled with her daughter.

"Well you were at the party tonight what do you think he is going to do if I come home with wet pants" Connie replied in a rather mater of fact tone. Annie's eyes got big and there was a hint of excitement in her voice "will daddy spank you" ? Connie fighting off another bladder contraction answered with a little giggle in her voice "yes and both of us are going to enjoy it". Both girls about fell out of their seats at Connie's answer like the dampness gradually seeping into her panties it just slipped out.

At last the shuttle made it to their house. Somehow the seat was safe except for a tiny wet spot that Connie covertly wiped up with the sleeve of her jacket. As soon as they got out the door and the bus headed back to town Connie looked at her daughter, "do you want to do this together or do you want to try and make the bathroom"? Annie was rocking back and forth her thoughts were running wild "so what about me will daddy give me a spanking too"? It was Connie's turn to be shell shocked a bit, "uh well ummm it is not exactly the kind of spanking you get when you are naughty".

"Mom we are in this together and if we wet our pants we have both been naughty girls and we both should get a spanking" Annie stated rather confident in her argument. Connie started to laugh but and to quickly get back to focusing on her desperation. "I can't hold it any longer Annie are we going to wet our pants together our not". Annie smiled "lets do this". Both women relaxed an relinquished themselves to the inevitable. It took a second for each of their bodies to react but soon the flood gates opened and relief came out in a warm wave soaking their bottoms and flowing down the legs forming a puddle at each of their feet. When they finished they took to time to examine each others handy work then proceeded to the house.

Dan was waiting up for his two favorite gals to come home. The two bothers were staying at friend house for the weekend so Dan had the house to himself. When he heard the shuttle come into the driveway he had gotten up and looked out the kitchen window. Instantly he could tell that the two girls were desperate. He had hoped that Connie would come home needing to pee and maybe if he was lucky indulge him. He had not counted on Annie being in the same state. It was rather obvious what was going on and it was all Dan could do to contain himself at watching his bride of 18 years wet herself. Dan had no idea what to think about the daughter other than he had to smile at the mother daughter bond.

Dan quickly took a seat at the kitchen table and waited for the girls to enter. "Hi honey" Connie greeted her husband as she came through the door. "Did the two of you have fun tonight" Dan asked nonchalantly? "Oh daddy we might have had too much fun" Annie replied. "Daddy mom and I well we had little accidents on the way home" Annie sheepishly explained. " What kind of accidents" Dan was doing his best to maintain composer. Connie laughed "Dan you know what kind of accident I saw you watching why do you think I turned my bottom to the window and bet over a little".

"Oh that kind" Dan was smiling ear to ear totally focused on Connie. "So daddy just what do you plan on dong to us" Annie asked in her best little girl voice.

TO BE CONTINUED

*002*2014-03-16 18:48

Thank you, for the feed back I do appreciate your kind words. I can take the story a couple of different directions just have not decided which.

*003*2014-03-16 23:40

Author's note:

The next chapter will be devoted to some character development and to get Dan's prospective on spanking his daughter. For those of you who want to get right to the action sort of speak this might be a bit boring.

Family dynamics:

As far as Annie was concerned she had the coolest parent on earth. Not that it was always that way but over the years she had really grown to appreciate what she had. Mom and dad were not push overs in fact they were pretty strict but fair, there was never much of a question of their expectations. The rules were quite simple be respectful, be responsible, and do your best with what you were given. In Annie's family NO meant NO. Failure to abide by the rules resulted in consequences every time. There was not a lot of raised voices or long drawn out drama sessions. Generally Connie was the head disciplinarian with dads role being her backup. Just don't ever make the mistake of disrespecting mom and getting dad involved because neither you or your butt were going to be happy.

For Annie, Dad was the easy one, in fact she was well aware that she had her dad wrapped around her little finger. He was much harder on her brothers. That was ok because mom was no fool and made up for it by being a little easier on the boys and making sure that Annie did not stray too far even if she was daddy's little girl.

The family was also extremely hard working, and no one was exempt from helping out; but with responsibility came privilege. Annie learned very early that if you worked hard there were rewards. Connie and Dan put the needs of their kids first and made sure that there needs and even some of their wants were fulfilled. Just don't expect a free lunch.

At 18, Annie was the oldest, her brother Todd was almost 13, and her little brother Mickey was 10. As siblings go they got along very well.

Connie had just turned 19 when she had Annie and Dan was 20. Even with a baby the couple had struggled to get Connie through college and get her nursing certificate. Dan had worked as a mechanic during the day and took handy man jobs in the off hours while Connie was in school. Annie spent a lot of time with Connie's mom Val and her grandpa Pat during those first years. Annie remains very close to her grandparents to this day. Once Connie received her nursing degree the family moved back to Front and took over Dan's parents ranch were they remained still. Connie worked her way up and was the head nurse at Mercy Medical a small community hospital. Life was good.

For Annie she was her dad's right hand man, fantastic on a horse, and had developed into one hell of an equipment operator. What Annie really excelled in was teaching, starting with her little brothers. Annie just had the gift, and be it a stubborn colt or her little bothers she found a way to teach them what it was that they need to learn and did so in a manor that left everyone happy. No one was surprised when Annie decided that she wanted to be a teacher.

Annie had not always been an angel, at 15 she went through a phase that caused her parents oh so many sleepless nights. In general 15 year old girls can be a challenge but Annie fell into a bad crowd during the summer between her freshman and sophomore year in high school. It culminated when Annie snuck out one hot July night to go party down by the River with her new found friends. Never mind she was already grounded, and all but her most basic of privileges revoked. Annie was out to make an impression with the "in crowd" and she really did not care what mom and dad thought.

Fortunately for Annie, Connie had that certain sense of a mother to know when something was just not right. While Annie had managed to get out of the house, get picked up, and pick up her best friend Jen undetected her escape was short lived. Within an hour Mom, Dad and Jen's mom Heather were hot on the trail. The river was the first place they looked. As Connie would later lament, the look on Annie's face was priceless when mom and dad strolled into the light of the fire.

Annie's look of terror was however rivaled by her very short term 18 year old boy friend who had his hand on her butt when dad arrived. Needles to say the former boyfriend and the rest of his minion were long gone in seconds leaving Annie and Jen all alone to face the wraith of some very worried parents. To make matters worse both girls were high on pot and Hydrocodone supplied of course by the former boy friend who at that point was at least 2 zip codes away and gaining speed. That long ride back to the house made the ride in the shuttle bus seem like light speed. The silence was deafening.

Upon arriving at home Jen went home with her mom and Annie was dismissed to bed with hardly a word, at that point Annie would have rather been yelled at. The next morning dad was at her door instructing Annie to get dressed and come with him. Without much discussion Dad escorted her to his work shop, Jen arrived shortly with her mom. For the next two hours the girls had to watch as Dan constructed a paddle, the kind that hurt like hell hanging on the wall. The finishing touch was the dozen 1/4"holes, and the leather wrapping on the handle. Upon completion and still in almost complete silence the girls followed Dan back to the house were the mothers were waiting.

There were no raised voices just a very straight forward conversation about how much danger the two girls had put themselves in. Complete with the reading of a couple of articles about young drug addicts who turned to prostitution and ended up dead. What Connie, Dan, and Jen's mom did not know was that the party last night had already open the girl's eyes and when the bad boys had started talking about what it was going to be like being their bitches both girls had already figured out that it was a very bad idea to have been there. Despite all the trouble they were in the girls were very thankful that the parents had showed up when they did.

The girls were given a chance to speak, but other than how sorry they were there was not much to say. Then came the edict the consequences for their actions was going to be the paddle and it was going to be Dan doing the paddling. Each girl was going to be given 6 swats on her panties. Both girls turned snow white but deep down they both knew they had it coming there was nothing to do but get it over with. Connie asked if either girl wanted to go first, or if they should draw straws.

Before Annie could answer Jen volunteered. Connie positioned a dinning room chair in the middle of the kitchen, "Ladies I want you to stand up and pull your pants down to your knees but leave your under wear on to cover your bottoms" Connie instructed in a firm but soft and calming voice. Both girls stood up and slowly complied, they were now softly crying, there eyes glued to the floor. Connie and Heather gave each girl a big hug and told them that while they might not understand at that moment the punishment was not because they were mad at their wayward youth but because they loved them. At this point the crying had progressed to audible sobs.

"Jen I want you to bend over , grab the chair and hold on to it" Heather instructed. Jen started to move towards the chair then froze placing her hand over her mouth in a look of total panic. It took everyone a second to figure out what was wrong but the sudden hissing sound followed by the splashing of water falling on the floor gave it away. Jen was wetting herself and there was nothing she could do. Heather rose and hugged her daughter, "honey it is ok, I understand that you are scared but you are not getting out of it because you wet yourself".

"Jen be a big girl and let's get it over with" Heather continued.

Jen composed herself, waddled up to the chair and bent over grabbing the sides of the chair with her hands. Dan asked if she was ready and Jen nodded. Six swats in somewhat rapid succession rained down on Jens bottom. Each swat landed with a loud pop. When told it was over Jen stood up and went straight to her mother, expressing how sorry she was and how she would never do anything that foolish again. Heather rocked her daughter like at little girl softly consoling her to stop her crying and dry her tears.

"Annie it is your turn" Connie instructed refocusing on the task at hand. Like Jen Annie was sobbing well before the first swat even landed. She did her best to be brave, as she assumed the position and waited for the paddle to land. Annie was not sure what was worse the whoosh sound the paddle made as it travel towards her bottom, the popping sound that it made upon impact or the string that it produced. Regardless it took her breath away, she barely had time to regain it when she would hear the whoosh of the next swat. Without warning between swats 4 and 5 the paddling stopped. It took Annie a second to realize that Dad was delaying the last two swats until she finished wetting herself. Connie softly instructed her daughter to stay in position and finish peeing. Upon the task being complete the last two swats fell on her bottom and it was over.

The paddle had hurt like hell but the pain that was unbearable was when Annie stood up and looked into her fathers face. Tears were rolling down her fathers face at a rate that rivaled her own. Seeing her dad cry because he had spanked her simply broke Annie's heart. She wrapped her arms around her father and the two cried together, soon Connie, Jen, and Heather joined in and they had the quid essential group cry.

*004*2014-03-18 01:59

Oh Daddy

Dan was a little taken back by his two favorite girls, he had more than expected it from his wife but Annie was a bit out of character. His little girl had turned into a women right before his very eyes and he was not sure what to think. "Well before I do anything ladies, Connie Dr. Connors left you a message on the answering machine" Dan confided. Connie stopped in her tracks and focused on Dan's face. "Go ahead honey, I think you just might like what she has to say" Dan reassured his wife. Connie rocketed into the bedroom to listen to the what her OB GYN Doctor had to say. "Daddy is everything ok" Annie asked her father. "Yes dear I think your mom is going to be more than happy with what Sheila ( her doctor)has to tell her" Dan replied reassuring his daughter. "So what is it about" Annie asked not really sure that she should. Dan smiled "I am going to let your mother tell you".

"Oh daddy you are a big chicken when it comes to girl stuff" Annie laughed.

"So pumpkin did you two have a good time" Dan asked already knowing the answer. " What do you think Daddy" Annie replied than paused "I had so much fun. Annie stopped and a naughty little smile formed on her face. Dan new he was had, he was not sure what Annie was planning but he knew that look all too well. Annie came over and gave her dad a huge hug, snuggling in as she held him tight. "Oh daddy I love you so much" Annie said in an almost whisper. "What do you want young lady" Dan was about half laughing but had no doubt that Annie was about to ask him for something and he was not sure that he was going to like it but figured he would have a hard time saying no. The good news was that Annie rarely asked for much of anything, she was pretty damn independent.

Annie stepped back her eyes dancing as she bit her bottom lip just a bit. "Daddy, mom and I had such a great time , and well uh umm we uh, well we were very naughty together" Annie was struggling for words. "Alright pumpkin what is it" Dan asked not really sure he wanted to know what was on his daughters mind. "Daddy just for fun umm if you are um uh well going to spank mom for peeing her pants will you spank me too. Annie asked. "Annie" !!! it was Connie who had just came out of the bedroom "are you trying to give your poor dad a heart attack".

Annie started to shrivel the wind completely knocked out of her sails. "Oh child I am giving you a hard time" Connie reassured her daughter. Dan was just getting his breath back and looked like he had seen a ghost. Annie regained her composer a bit " I am sorry mom if I got out of line"

"OH honey there is nothing to be sorry for" Connie said warmly as she put her arm around her daughter. "Come on honey lets go have a little talk while your dad recovers" Connie giggled. "Dan you stay right there I have plans for you tonight big boy" Connie said smiling at her husband who was doing his best imitation of a deer in the head lights.

Connie took Annie into Annie's bedroom and closed the door "come her you, come cuddle with your mom" Annie complied she loved her moms cuddle session even if she was now a young women. "Mom did I do something wrong" Annie asked timidly. "Not really wrong but not quite appropriate either" was Connie's reply. "At your age unless you really screw up your dad is not about to spank you even if it is playing" Connie continued. "Peeing your pants might be naughty but that is not something your dad is gong to spank you for" Connie's voice was very gentle. "Mom would you think I was bad if I told you I really wanted a spanking" Annie asked. "Not at all Annie" was Connie's comeback. "As soon as we have are talk, I am going to take your father into my bedroom, I am going to take my wet pants down, then my panties, and I am going to lay over your dads lap and he is going to spank my bare ass till it is red hot and then my dear".

"Oh god mom way too much information" Annie squealed but still laughing. "Thank god" Connie replied I was not sure what to say if you would have let me keep going".

"The point is honey what happens between us in the bedroom is our thing, not something to share" Connie continued. "I understand mom" Annie said quietly.

Annie was feeling a little distraught yet at the same time happy that her mom was so honest. Connie let Annie pout for a couple of minutes. "Annie, I want to level with you, I know that sometimes you wet your pants when most likely if you would have really wanted to you could have made the bathroom" Connie's tone was soft and warm. Now it was Annie who was dong the deer in the headlights look. "How did you know" Annie finally asked. Connie giggled a bit "I am your mom silly". Annie giggle herself "but you have never said anything".

"Child of all the things that you could be into to satisfy your inner naughty I can't think of a more harmless act than peeing your pants in private" Connie was laughing but her point was serious. Annie put her hand over her mouth as her eyes got big. "Mom sometimes I feel so naughty and well um, uh I well" Annie was stumbling all over. "Annie you wanted to be caught" Connie replied bluntly. "How did you know mom" Annie explained. "Baby have you ever heard the expression that the apple never falls far from the tree". Connie was giggling. "Honey in your case you never got out of the branches" Connie said in a bit of an after thought. Annie's eyes were huge and she was smiling from ear to ear.

The two set in silence for a few seconds both savoring the contents of the conversation. Connie gathered her thoughts "Annie what do you want to happen if I do find out that you wet your pants and it was not a real accident" Annie knew exactly what she wanted she was just having trouble saying it to her mom. There was a few second pause as Annie tried to think about how to tell her mom. "Annie do you want a spanking when ever you pee your pants young lady" Connie inquired in her best mom voice. Annie gave her mom a bit of a seductive smile. "Alright young lady peeing your pants will earn you two swats with the paddle on your wet panties is that understood" Connie tone was half scolding. "Yes mommy" Annie replied in her best little girl voice. Annie stood up and faced her mother mommy I had an accident, tonight and I peed my pants".

"Let me see young lady" Connie slowly turned her daughter around examining her still soaked pants. "Pants down young lady and hand me your ruler" Connie commanded. Annie complied her heart was starting to race as she handed her mom the heavy ruler she kept on her desk. "Annie bend over and grab your ankles" Connie instructed. Connie stood up and took the ruler. Annie lowered her jeans to her knees exposing light blue panties with the definite wet mark from her accident.

She bent over and took hold of her ankles something she had not done in a couple of years. The ruler fell hard oh her wet bottom, the soaked panties offering little protection. There was a sting but Annie did not care. She stood up and gave her mom a huge hug. "Thanks mom" Annie said. "Your welcome Annie" Connie replied. Annie bit her lip a little as she looked into her moms eyes, "go take care of daddy she giggled. "Her mom gave her that mothers look punctuated with a light swat on her bottom and headed to the kitchen to find Dan.

Annie put her wet clothes in the wash machine, gathered her Pajamas and headed for the shower. She smile to herself as she watched her mom and dad go into their bedroom hand in hand. It had been a wonderful day.

