Church shackles

Author: pentacle

*000*2017-01-28 15:59

When we were about 12 years old, my twin brother Greg and I went to stay the summer at our grandmother's house in Alabama. Little did we know how strict our Grandmother was and she was also a crazy, pyscho-Christian. Now we'd been to church a few times maybe for Easter or Christmas in the past but we were unprepared for the kind of piety that Grandmother would govern with. That first weekend, we were set to head out to church in the late morning but the kids next door had gotten a new puppy and oh my god! Puppies! So Greg and I were absolutely over there on the double that morning to play with her, and we'd lost track of time.

The next thing we know, between puppy licks and throwing a little ball for her on the neighbors' front porch, Grandmother is hollering at us to get in the car NOW. On the way to church, Grandmother is pissed and going on and on about us having played with a dog in our church clothes. I'm wearing a Sunday dress and Greg is in a pressed shirt and slacks. When we get to church, we're late and the services have already started and both Greg and I have to use the bathroom because we didn't go before leaving and the car ride is 30 minutes at least and we figured we could use the facilities before the service but our Grandmother wasn't having any of it and she is already angry as a ram so we tip toe in and sit down on the pews and Grandmother insists on getting the ones furthest to the front even though it means drawing extra attention to ourselves coming in late.

Services are long, 2+ hours long, and I am honest to God, really struggling. My bladder is bulging and I'm glad that for once I'm wearing a dress so no trouser waistband is putting any extra pressure on my stomach. It's not so bad when we're sitting and listening to the preacher but throughout the service there are times where we're supposed to stand in prayer and bow our heads and sing stuff and church if that's not already difficult enough for two twelve year olds, pretty soon Greg and I are positively desperate.

Requests to our Grandmother to please, PLEASE let us pee are furiously shut down. I can't stand still, I just can't. I'm shifting my weight back and forth and squeezing my thighs together and lifting my knees and marching in place and leaning forward and I'm pretty sure Grandmother will kill me if she sees me holding myself "touching my privates in church" and the sin of it all. We're singing a hymn and the lyrics are being projected onto the wall in front of me but I'm too distracted by my desperation to see any of it or remotely participate in or find remote meaning in the worship. My hands are balled into fists and I'm just DYING to hold myself right now.

I keep stealing glances up at my Grandmother standing right next to me and there's no way I can get away with it. I find the waistband of my panties through the fabric of my dress and I realize that if I pull up, the fabric of my panties put desperately needed pressure on my pee hole and before I know it I have the fabric of my panties wadded up in my fist though my dress and I'm yanking it up giving myself the biggest frontal wedgie on the planet and praising God or Jesus or whoever for the tiny bit of relief it gave me. I take this moment to look over to my right to see how Greg is doing and his hand, the hand furthest from Grandmother's view is stuffed deep in the pocket of his trousers and he's clearly holding his penis for all he is worth.

I can literally track the waves of desperation as they wash over him because the next thing I know, he's literally alternating between jumping up and down and hunching over while squeezing his thighs together and then I'm thinking, my god he's going to piss his pants before I do but then it's over and he's able to almost look like he wasn't about to piss himself 2 seconds ago. Eventually, my wadded up panty trick becomes insufficient and I can't get enough pressure on my pee hole with it to make a difference and as another wave of desperation hits me I'm practically running in place trying to hold it in without holding myself because if I do Grandmother will kill me or worse.

In my frantic attempt to outlast a wave of desperation that hits me, I've pulled my panties so far up that I've brought half my dress with it and unconsciously exposing myself and at this Grandmother leaned over and slapped my hand away and told me that I the devil punishes this kind of slutty behavior. Honestly, there's no WAY it's not clear that we're both desperate and we're both begging in hushed whispers for our Grandmother to let us go and she shuts us down with dagger eyes and she threatens to hit us hard the moment we get home if we don't pull ourselves together and have some respect for the Lord and there would be absolutely no leaving before the service was over. Finally, FINALLY we're allowed to sit back down for I'm able to get my bladder under control by sitting reasonably like a normal human being while jiggling my leg like a jackhammer.

I glance over at Greg again and he's also seemed to reach a modicum of control although his right hand never levels his pocket and I am wildly envious that he can hold onto his penis for dear life and sitting further away from Grandmother he seems to be slipping it under her radar. And then the waves of desperation start coming again and his comes first and I can tell because he starts squirming and fanning his legs in and out in and out and every other time he'd bring them in he'd squeeze his thighs frantically together before fanning again he's actually moaning and breathing hard now and I thought he was doing better than I was but now I can see that he's clearly worse off. And for a second we make eye contact and there's perspiration on his brow and a wild look in his eyes.

At one point at the apex of Greg's wave of desperation he is actually squeezing his dick with both hands I'm worried he's going to crack a nut by the way he's squeezing his thighs together and then it's past like a storm out at sea moves through and then it's over... I leaned over and whisper to him, asking if he's wet himself yet and he's like, "I'm SO close." Pretty soon jiggling my leg isn't doing it for me anymore and just my luck we're required to stand again for what I am praying for is the final hymn and it's in standing up that shifts the precarious dams entirely and practically sends me over the edge suddenly it's like I'm drowning and I'm doing everything I can not to have an accident in the middle of the church congregation.

I plunge both hands deep into my my crotch and I start furiously pee pee dancing but then I start to feel it coming out and I sit right back down and attempt to weather the wave of desperation by rocking while sitting on the edge of the pew and Grandmother hauls me up again pinches my arm hard and tells me "When the minister says stand, you stand, bitch." I couldn't believe what my Grandmother called me. I couldn't believe that a woman could act so fucking pious and then call her grand daughter a bitch right in the middle of church. I'm hunched over and dancing and squirming and I'm grabbing myself as hard as I can, rubbing my pee hole, rubbing my thighs together, my dress is hiked up and my panties are exposed because my hands are buried so deep in my crotch but I'm too desperate to be conscious of this.

I'm fully engaged in every single trick in the book, still frantically trying to get control of my bladder and I'm so upset and starting to spurt and that does it. Our Grandmother is a fraud, a terrible excuse for a Christian and I'll take whatever she dishes out at me. I'm just suddenly so angry and I'm about to pee all over the place and turned and ran out of that church at a sprint.

I was no longer conscious of what Greg was doing at this point. The only thing I know is that he got up and followed me and all of a sudden we're both free from the shackles of the congregation and we have never been in this building before so we have no idea where the bathrooms are and I am so angry at having been driven to the state we were in and so fucking pissed at our Grandmother (whose true colors we really didn't know as we'd only arrived to stay with her a couple of days before) Despite my efforts not to piss my pants, there's pee coming out in spurts and we eventually find the restrooms and we use them. Greg makes it. I'm not sure if I got more pee in the toilet or in the hallway as I ran.

