The Senior Skip Day?

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-10-01 12:12

Senior Skip Day

By DewLeaf

Warning: This story contains non-sexual but possibly offensive material.

1. Girls holding themselves and needing to pee

2. Girls peeing in their pants or panties

3. Description of girl’s peeing their pants and changing their clothes

4. One girl pooping her pants in Chapter Seven

5. Every chapter has at least one desperate girl!

Chapter One: The Traffic Jam

A large crowd of students, forty-five seniors and twelve juniors were outside the school on this frigid October morning with yellow and yellow-orange leaves littering the ground and the sun just peaking over the horizon of a hill. The colors were beautiful, but most of the students were too busy shaking, wiggling, and dancing in place to get warm.

“Seniors, please come in closer,” a middle aged man with a scalp between the two patches of rusty-brown hair a top his head spoke through a bull-horn while Mrs. Evans gathered the junior choir group in another place.

“As you know,” Mr. Strictland started to tell the seniors. “Senior Hooky day was almost canceled period.”

The students went wild booing and saying rude comments about that. They thought it was every senior’s right to miss one day of school and relax at home, but for some reason, the district disagreed with them.

“I want you students to know that not only myself, but the choir teacher, and many other teachers at this school fought for your desires, and we were able to get the district to come up with this compromise,” he went on once the students started to calm again. “We are having a senior skip day,and as such, you really don’t have to do anything but attend the junior’s choir competition. As far as the district is concerned, this is senior culture day, so there are still some school rules that must be followed, and you still have to be here, but at least you don’t have to be in classes.”

Robyn, a girl with brown-red hair that flowed down to past her shoulders joined in most of the other seniors in sighing. It was a compromise, but it was still not really playing hooky. She had on a top that didn’t cover the back of her shoulders at all, and her breast was just covered enough that it was borderline decent for a school function. Her stomach would be seen if she raised her arms high over her head as the top didn’t quite come down to her belt like, and her skirt only came to mid-thigh so that when sitting, if she didn’t close her legs, her pink and gray striped panties could be seen under the skirt.

“That’s very bold of you to wear on a school trip,” Lillie surprised Robyn appearing at her side so silent a ninja couldn’t have done it better. Lillie had bright red hair, green glistening eyes, and a beautifully blemish free face. She wore a short sleeved button down the front top that was a deep red-violet, and a pair of faded jeans. Secretly, she wanted to wear what Robyn had on, but she didn’t think the school would let her go on the trip like that.

“Hey,” Robyn commented in a low voice to her friend. “Look, they took our hooky day and made it some stupid school trip thingy, so they can just like what I choose to wear because it’s what I was going to wear on skip day. It’s their fault they wanted to make skip day a trip.”

Lillie smiled at Robyn. She could be bold like Robyn when she wanted to be, but sometimes, Robyn just really pushed the line, and Lillie had a feeling that pushing too far would not be a good idea.

“Ladies, pay attention,”Mr. Strictland yelled at the girls. “I’m trying to tell you what is expected of you on this trip.”

Robyn was shivering because looking fashionable had its price, but she also was doing it just to make a statement and to see if she would be challenged. So far, Mr. Strictland had either not seen it, or he wasn’t paying attention. He said nothing.

Heidi was not too far from Robyn and Lillie. She had brown hair that was twisted into braids on each side of her head, a few strands of hair purposely placed out of the braids, two on the left side of her face and one on the right to off center her looks and make her freckled face look a bit cuter. Her eyes were brown.

Blue-purple corduroy pants and a yellow frilly top covered her smaller than average body. Heidi almost looked like a junior high school or even an elementary school student next to her peers. That never bothered her though. She was very smart, and she always challenged her peers with both intelligent studies and with her speed.

Sabrina, standing next to Heidi, dwarfed her with her yellow-blond hair hanging down her face in curly tangles as though she didn’t care. Her blue eyes were deep and seemed trusting of most that she met. Sabrina was a kind hearted girl that had a few secrets and some bruises that she hid from the rest of the world. Despite all that hurt, she found a way to make friends at East High School.

She always wore long sleeve shirts with jeans, and no one can remember once seeing her back or her stomach. It could have been that she was just a very decent girl, but Sabrina knew better. Now, below her dark blue button down, and beneath her white t-shirt, she hid on her back, last night’s events with her father. He had come home very upset indeed.

“When we break for lunch and dinner, you will be responsible for staying with your groups, and no one will be in a group with less than four members,” Mr. Strictland was going on with the seniors. “You will also be responsible for two or three juniors in each group.”

“What if the juniors don’twant to follow us?” one of the boys, one with red hair, a blemish free face,and dreamy brown eyes asked the man in charge.

“You will keep your group together regardless,” Mr. Strictland glared at the boy. “…or you will face detention. Every member in your group will face detention if I see you out of your group.”

The boy in a muscle shirt that was worn over a sweat shirt so he wouldn’t be forced to take it off, and in faded jeans, sighed. The trip was becoming more and more bothersome. He wondered why he didn’t just go to classes.

Heidi glanced at this boy,a small smile coming to her lips and a slight blush of color deepened around her cheeks. He was a nice looking guy,and she thought he was a nice person on top of it. He certainly had never started any fights that she was aware of, but he was strong enough to be the class bully if he cared to be.

“Now, we’ll let you seniors decide who the seniors will be in your groups, but once you are together, then we’ll put two or three seniors in with the groups we think can be responsible.”

Rick rolled his eyes.

Rick, Carl, Sabrina, and Heidi all found themselves clustering together. Heidi was glad that Rick didn’t object when she stood a bit closer to him so that Mr. Strictland thought they had chosen, but she didn’t address the boys because she was afraid of seeming too bold. Carl looked the two girls over once, and then smiled. He had no problem with it at all.

Carl had short light brown hair, blue eyes, and dressed like he was in a business class or something. He always wore nice shirts and khakis because someone had told him once that people judge you by what you wear, and he decided that faded jeans was not the impression he wanted to make on people.

Robyn, Lillie, Lizzie,and Christina were clustered together so that they were counted as a group. It didn’t seem to take long for the seniors to decide who to stand with, but they were not at all certain about the juniors that would be placed with them.

All of the seniors had the same feeling that they didn’t want the juniors to look up at them, or to babysit them, but they had to resolved themselves to doing what Mr. Strictland said because everyone knew that he was a hard-ass jerk, and he’d give you detention just for asking why.

Heidi looked up at Rick who was talking to Carl, but as she did, a small soft smile started to creep across his face. Maybe he liked her? She didn’t know, but now they were in the same group, maybe she would find out. She certainly had a smile herself, and her thoughts were elated as she noticed that he didn’t seem revolted by her being near him.

Finally, the groups of students were being led aboard the bus, their overnight suitcases loaded by the bus driver and the teachers under the bus. Robyn and Lillie sighed as they took a seat near the back of the bus which had nice reclining seats, a table tray that folded down from the seat in front of it, and a personal reading light.

The only thing the luxury bus didn’t have; was a bathroom, but they were not going that far. The teachers figured that the students would go to the bathroom when they stopped for lunch or use the one at the music hall. The students were not really thinking about the lack of such a place, well, all but one, was not thinking about it.

Robyn noticed that the one girl that most of the seniors always avoided was sitting across from her aisle alone. She was obviously with a group, but no one in her group wanted to sit with her. She had dark brown nearly black hair, dark eyes, and a rosy face, but she seemed rather scary.

Laura was quiet and kept to herself almost all the time. She read a good deal of the time. Now, she wore a lavender top and blue jeans held up with a laced brown belt that looked as though it had been braided together. Her hair fell down the sides of her face and even over her eyes. She rarely smiled, and the make upon her face was gothic or mysterious. She sometimes used black lipstick, but at the moment, she had elected not to wear any at all.

The bus seemed to squeak and shush under the weight of the students as though it thought that carrying nearly seventy noisy high school kids was a difficult chore. The wheels rolled slowly as it started to windup for the long haul, and early morning seemed to be advancing slowly towards the time that students normally came to school as it pulled out of the school drive.

Robyn sighed a deep satisfied breath of air as she thought about the dayahead of her. For once, she wouldn’thave to worry about the math teacher calling on her when she didn’t know ananswer, or the English teacher giving her some ridiculous assignment that shedidn’t really understand the purpose for.

Lillie also smiled as shethought about escaping the quiz in social studies for which she didn’t studyvery well for, and also about not having to eat the school lunch because shedidn’t have her own car to get off of campus. It was going to be a nice change even if theydid have Mr. Strictland coming along with them.

“You really should haveworn something you wanted,” Robyn whispered to Lillie as the bus trucked up theroad approaching the interstate. “Thisis the only day that we really get to do what we want, and they really couldn’tsend you home just for wearing what you want,” she reasoned with her friend.

“I’m surprised,” Lillieshook her head. “I thought for sure thatMr. Strictland would have sent you home.”

“If he had, I’d stillhave senior skip day, even if they decided to mark it against my records,”Robyn said with confidence. “After all,if they sent me home, I’m sure I could make a stand that they had, and so itwasn’t my fault I couldn’t come along for the school planned senior cultureday.”

“You are so bad,” Lilliesmiled at her. “I would never chancethat with my parents, though. You knowhow they check on everything!”

“Yeah, I guess,” Robynlooked out the window at the clouds above the bus. They were very light and puffy withinteresting designs that make them look as though there were unnatural thingsin the sky. It was Robyn’s favoritedaydreaming activity, to watch the clouds.

Heidi and Sabrina weregiggling while the boys behind them were talking about sports. Laura was reading her book, and the teacherswere carefully watching the students that no one broke any rules like standingwhile the bus was in motion.

“Do you remember how farthey said the music hall was?” Robyn asked Lillie after about thirty minutes ofdriving.

“I believe they said itwas two and a half hours to get to the same town. We are supposed to have some time to shop andlook around before we have to go to lunch, and then to the music hall, if Iremember what Mr. Strictland said correctly.”

“Two and a half hours. I hate sitting in a car or bus that long.”

“I know, me too.”

It wasn’t long after theyhad been complaining about sitting on the bus for so long though, that the busstarted to slow down almost so sharply that the students could hear the engineslowing and the shushing sounds of the air brakes as the bus rocked to a stop.

“We can’t be there yet,”Lillie looked down the aisle to see if the teachers were as concerned as shewas. Robyn was busy looking up at thesky, and no one really knew what was going on for a few moments, until a boycalled out.

“I can’t believe it!” hecalled as he looked out his window. “There’sa traffic jam on the freeway!”

Curious students startedlooking out the windows trying to figure out what was going on, and Mr. Strictlandhad stood and walked up to the front to talk to the bus driver. He was a teacher, so he could get away with it,and that made a few students anxious to do the same, though they knew that hewould give them detention if they did.

A girl that was sittingacross from Mr. Strictland, one of the juniors, bent over towards him afternearly fifteen minutes of the bus seemingly being parked on the freeway, and shesaid something to him, but he shook his head, and the girl sat back in her seatlooking a bit dejected.

"Lookslike we might be here a while," Robyn shrugged. She looked around to seethe other students also wondering what was going on.

Mr. Strictland unbuckled his belt and walked to the front of the bus to findout something from the driver as the students whispered and murmured to oneanother about the bad luck. The worst of it, was that the juniors andsophomores that were on the bus had been practicing for this even for a coupleof months, and their worries reached the senior ears very quickly.

Robyn sighed. "I really wished they had let us do what we wanted for seniorskip day. This is just plain horse...," she looked around wondering if shewould get in trouble for saying the word, and decided not to say it. Instead,she breathed a heavy sigh and watched Mr. Strictland walk back to near themiddle of the bus where he addressed the students.

"Don't worry, we always leave in plenty of time in case of such things, sowe do have some time to play around with if this takes a while. Just relax andtalk among your friends, and I'm sure the bus will start to move again soon."He then sat down with a heavy sigh.

Lillie shifted a bit to get comfortable, and Robyn took another deep breath asshe thought about what to say or do about the situation. All of the studentsseemed to look a bit worried despite Mr. STrictland's words.

Time seemed to be laughing at the students as they sat there murmuringwondering when the bus was going to start moving again. Lillie and Robyn triedto pretend nothing was wrong, Lillie sitting so straight and somber and Robynswaying casually.

The choir students looked at each other, and a couple of them started to gettears in their eyes,but so sounds escaped them. They just sat there fidgetingwondering when the hell the bus was going to get started again. It wasridiculous that they were stuck in the middle of a turtle-neck so far from evena town. What could be the hold up anyway?

Robyn started to feel the first little pangs of her bladder telling her thatshe would need to find a bathroom soon. As soon as she felt it,she lookedaround to the people in the seats closest to her wondering if any of them alsoneeded to go. It had been nearly three hours since starting out on the trip.Surely she wasn’t the only one.

One girl with dark almost black, but not quite as you could see the red-brownof it come out when the sun shined on her head, hair sitting up and looking asthough nothing at all was wrong. That girl was probably the least likely toneed to go as she was known for waiting hours and not using the facilities.Sometimes, Robyn even wondered where she stored the extra urine, but now wasthe time to contemplate Laura’s ability. It was more urgent that she shouldthink of her own.

Robyn nervously slipped out of her seat and stood, almost stooped over in caseshe wasn’t supposed to be out of her seat, and she called to the teacher.

“Mr. Strictland?” she muttered her voice shaking with nervous. “Excuse me, butcan we stop soon for a quick break?”

“I told you to bring all the snacks and things you’d need as we wouldn’t beable to stop until we got to where we are going,” he looked at Robyn in theeye.

“Well, I did, but it’s not that. I think some of us need to use the bathroom,”she hung her head waiting for him to agree that three hours was a long stretchof time without a break.

“Well, I suppose I can ask the driver to pull to the side of the road as soonas he has space.”

“What?”

“You heard. I’ll have the driver pull to the side and those that want to gocan.”

Robyn sighed. He really couldn’t expect the girls to do that, like that, couldhe? Wasn’t that against student rights or something to do with health orsomething? She could report him, but she really didn’t have to go that badlyyet. She sat back down glaring at him, and so did a few other students whocouldn’t imagine him making them do that when he had been so strict about whatthey were to the classroom.

Eventually, though,the traffic did crawl enough that the bus pulled over to theshoulder, and the teacher led the boys off of the bus first.

“Why do boys get to go first?” One of the girls complained.

“Because the boys don’t take as long,” Mr. Strictland said simply, and eventhough there were three women teachers, they agreed with him. So all the boysstood up and started to filter off of the bus while the girls rocked andpondered whether they could wait or not, or if they should just go now they hada chance.

A blond headed boy had a bit of a damp stop on his jeans when he boarded thebus again, so it was obvious that some of the students were getting desperate.He was the only boy though, and the girls were still talking it over as Mr.Strictland brought up the rear of boys to board the bus.

“Now, the boys will please all sit on the left side of the bus,” there was apause. “NOW!” he barked.

There was movement as the boys started changing positions with some of thegirls. Obviously, with the bus pulled to the right shoulder, the reason for themoving of the boys was so the girls would have a little more privacy from theirpeers.

That made a couple of girls in the back confident enough to volunteer to getoff of the bus first,and then a few more followed.

“Is that all?” Mr.Strictland asked. “This is the only stop we are making untilwe get to town, so think about it for a minute if you must,but this is yourchance to go.”

One girl, the one with dark hair just sat there smiling as though she wasn’tbothered at all. Robyn sat there squeezing her legs, not because it was urgent,but that threat that she might not have another chance,and of the impendingbuilding that would surely happen.

Lillie sighed and pushed past Robyn to get off of the bus. Robyn just sat therethough, her head down. She didn’t think it was right to go there,and she didn’twant anyone else watching her even if her peers were not allowed. There wasstill the other traffic.

In the end, only a handful of girls decided not to get off including Robynbecause given the choice of wetting herself or taking the chance that someonemight see, the girls just decided to build human walls around the squattinggirls, so that even if someone did approach them, it would be hard to tell whatthey were doing.

Robyn still didn’t like that idea, however, and a few others girls, it seemedagreed with her and stayed plastered to their seats until the rest of the girlsboarded and the bus doors were closed.

Fifteen minutes after the girls had finished getting in their seats, thebus was able to get back out into the traffic which was now starting to moveahead at about five miles an hour.

By ten, the bus was moving at a speed that the students showed theirappreciation for by clapping and calling out “yay!”

Robyn and Lillie were now talking again about senior skip day, and the generalconsensus around the bus was that the seniors thought the school had horribleplanning.

“You know, we would have had a lot more fun if they had just taken the seniorsall to the nearby water park or even the zoo,” Lillie gave her own input.

“Yeah, it’s stupid that the school should control where we go at all. It is, bydefinition, ‘hooky day!’ Don’t they even know what hooky means?” Robyn sighed.She could feel her stomach starting to throb, but she just adjusted herposition and tried to pretend nothing was wrong.

Laura was sitting as though nothing was wrong with her at all. Currently,Lillieand Robyn noticed, she was comfortably reading a book and had a half-daydreamexpression on her face. It was like she was a tank or something under herjeans.

There were a total of six girls who had not gotten off of the bus at that time,and all of them were somewhat uncomfortable sitting there trying to pretendnothing was wrong, but Lillie could tell that they were uncomfortable becausethey kept changing positions. They were all uncomfortable that is, except forLaura.

Robyn at the moment,had just changed positions so she could cross her right legover her left so far that her ass was showing to the aisle of the bus as shetried to keep herself from peeing in her panties. She wasn’t so sure she wasthat desperate just yet, but she was starting to panic, and she hoped the sillytown where the music hall was would soon appear.

“We would have made a wall for you too,” Lillie giggled as she saw thepredicament that Robyn was finding herself in, trying to keep her legs closetogether and now let anything leak.

Robyn wasn’t the only one though. There were three lower classman girls doingtheir own things to try to hold it, and another senior near the front of thebus had just pleaded with Mr. Strictland yet again.

“I told you, Samantha!”his voice carrying over the shocked students. “You hadyour chance, so you better hold it. If any girl on this bus wets her pants,she will be in detention on Monday.”

Robyn gulped and felt her heart thumping against her rib cage. He was such ajerk, she thought. How would he like to have to drop his pants completely inpublic or be threatened with detention? She shook her head and a throb of pangin her uterus caused her to dwell more on trying to keep dry.

As eleven o’clock approached, one of the sophomore girls was butterfly flyingher legs with her knees coming lightly together. A Junior was in constantmotion rapidly stomping her heels to the floor making her legs move againsteach other and scooting back and forth in her seat, probably already leaking,but Lillie couldn’t tell yet.

Robyn was already approaching the point where showing her ass to the middle ofthe bus with her legs tightly entwined wasn’t enough, and she needed to adjustagain so she could start to sway her legs some.

Lillie could see Mr. Strictland talking to a female teacher, and it was apparentthat they were discussing the students as they nodded at the senior at thefront of the bus and discussed her situation.

“Did she pee her pants?” Lillie found herself whispering a bit louder than shehad intended forshe was actually talking to herself.

“I don’t know,” Robyn answered her not aware that Lillie had meant to just talkto herself. “If we don’t get there soon though, I’m going to.”

“Just hold a bit more,”Lillie rubbed Robyn’s back. They were just friends andquite straight without any real feelings for girls, but they had also known oneanother a very long time, and sometimes felt like sisters.

Robyn nodded her head still swaying her legs. A girl behind them was so violentwith her knee bouncing, back and forth rocking, and utter jitters, that thosearound her started to stare at her. The girl doing the butterfly movement, herlegs now banging together in smaller faster butterflies so that her knees werehurting with hitting one another, was looking terrified.

All through the different five girls showing clear desperation, sat one girlwith dark brown hair, calmly reading, and though she had not taken the chanceto get off of the bus, was just smiling. She had no signs at all of needing togo.

“What is with Laura anyway?” Lillie giggled between words. “She’s not gonesince before we left, and she just sits there like it’s no big deal to holdit.”

“I don’t know,” Robyn said her voice rising as well as the activity with herlegs as they now took to bouncing around a bit.

The girls saw an exit,and many of them looked longingly at it hoping it wastheir turn. Robyn’s face was starting to perspire as she tried to hold, nosqueezing her legs instead of moving for a moment.

The bus started towards the exit lane, and she thought to herself, “thankgoodness.”

The bus pulled into a parking lot for a restaurant, and then of course, Mr.Strictland had to stop the kids from all standing up at once with a threat!

“The first student to stand up without being told it is your turn to leave thebus will face detention on Monday.”

“Why is everything detention with him?” Robyn asked through clenched teeth asshe tried to control her bladder.

Slowly, the bus of students started to be allowed off. The front students werequickly led to a line in front of the restaurant, but they waited about fivefeet from the doors. The boys were nearer the front while the girls were beingslightly held up?

It being Laura’s turn,she stood up calmly, not a wet spot to be seen, and such poise and carelessness,that everyone knew she couldn’t have to use the toilet at all. Robyn sighed wishing she had Laura’s strength.

Looking out the bus window, Lillie and Robyn both noticed that boys were running immediately off of the bus towards the line of students, but the girls were seemingly held up,even Samantha who had asked Mr. Strictland to use the bathroom. She would have thought that she would have been near the head of the line.

The people in front of Robyn finally approached the doors, and the boys were ushered past as they came off of the bus, but the girls were directed around to the front of the bus first for some reason. Robyn and Lillie both had a bad feeling about this.

Laura was now in the main line waiting to get into the restaurant, and Lillie and Robyn were directed to the front of the bus. The two female teachers were there, and they were actually checking the girls!

“Spread your legs,”the teachers told the girls as they approached. Of course,for the girls that had gone, it was no problem at all except they didn’t like the teacher’s hands touching their thighs. That was the only place the teachers touched though. They didn’t dare touch any closer because it might be considered abuse.

Robyn was nervous of spreading her legs, not only because a teacher was about to feel her up, but also because she wasn’t sure she could spread her legs without letting any out. She danced around as she waited for her turn.

Lillie was quickly dismissed to go back to the main group, but the girl that had been dancing around in the back seats, when she opened her legs, the teacher had noticed a wet spot before she even touched her.

“This on is wet,” she reported to the other teacher who marked her off. “You’ll have detention on Monday.”

“But, I didn’t go that badly, and I… I…,” the junior was nearing tears.

“You are wet, go get in line to eat,” the teacher said lazily.

Robyn was now fighting even harder to keep herself from wetting. She couldn’t believe that the younger girl got detention and yet you couldn’t even tell she had wet unless you looked for it.

Robyn closed her eyes as she felt her muscles twitching while her legs were spread and the teachers checked, but somehow, she managed to escape the inspection without peeing herself.

Robynhad to keep her legs together to keep from letting anything out once they werefinished checking under her skirt. Shefelt so red and humiliated having a teacher lift her skirt enough to see hergray and pink panties to make sure she was dry.

She wasn’t the only girl with a bright red face. The girl with the reddest face, was the one that had a pee spot in her jeans that the teacher had found. She couldn’t look at anyone as she walked to the line that led into the restaurant.

Finally, with everyone checked, the line of students started towards the restaurant, and those girls that had elected not to pee out on the ground much earlier, were taken, including the one girl that had a pee spot in her pants, and directed into the ladies’ room.

The rest of the students were led directly to the back of the restaurant where they had already prepared for them.

Chapter Two: The Music Hall

DewLeaf

Robyn noticed that Laurajust walked with the girls that were taken into the bathroom, but right backout. Laura apparently didn’t want toargue with the teachers, but she didn’t seem to need the toilet even then. How could she be doing it?

The others, however, werebent at the waist and holding themselves as they waited their turns outside oftwo stalls. Robyn was at the back of theline, and the girl with a bit of pee on her pants was in the only unoccupiedtoilet the moment they came into the bathroom.

Robyn was too familiarwith her panties rubbing against her mound that kept her most intimate partscovered as she struggled wiggling her legs, and stepping like a dance in placeto keep her nerves from letting the jets of moisture escape into her gray andpink panties.

Some unknown lady cameout of the other stall and a senior went in. There were now only three girls ahead of Robyn and she hoped they couldhurry it up, but somehow keep their sounds quiet because she wasn’t sure shecould take hearing the pee hit the water in the bowls as she stood there tryingto keep her panties dry.

Dry was becoming relativethough, because there was a different kind of wetness that was quickly formingas her hand, pressed between her squeezed legs, was rubbing the lips that hidthe pee hole and the vagina from view. She could already feel the slipperiness of the priming juices for hersex organs, though she had only meant to rub herself to stave off peeingherself.

The teacher didn’t seemto notice or care to notice that all the girls had their hands between theirlegs, and that they were dancing in place. Another girl left the stall, and now Robyn had to only wait on one otherperson before she could take a stall.

Laura walked back to themain group early, and though she had a disproving glance from Mr. Strictland,she just smiled and took her seat next to one of the other girls. Her eyes were cast down, and she didn’t talkto anyone.

Robyn was starting tobunny hop as she held herself with both hands, rubbing her panties into herlips and slipping past them to massage her pee hole. She was feeling the oozy thread of stuff onthe inside as it tried to snake its way down her tube. Her bladder was aching badly, and her musclesquivered in effort to keep her panties panty-pee free.

Suddenly, a small threadof water seeped through her pee hold, and sprayed the inside of her lips to hervulva. It then dripped down to herpanties and made her feel warm and tingly for a second. Then it started make her face red as shesweated trying to keep the flood back.

The door to the stallfinally opened, and she darted in, feeling a little bit heavier of a squirtforce its way through her panties and wet her thigh.

Dropping quickly to thetoilet as she pulled down her damp panties, pee forced its way first on theseat and then into the bowl. She feltthe wet seat on her thighs and sighed as the rest of the pee was forced intothe toilet bowl. Her panties had a smallwet patch in the front of the crotch, but it wasn’t bad and would dry within afew minutes because she hadn’t wet that much before getting her panties down.

Finally, her legs alittle cool from the pee that she had to wipe from them, and her pantiescooling against her mound, she was walking back to the main group with the restof the girls that were taken to the bathroom with no evidence that she hadn’tmade it. Thankfully, the teacher didn’tinsist on checking her panties again.

The girls all sighed andthe boys started thinking immediately of food as the girls were finally allthere. Rick was sitting right next toHeidi, and Carl was next to Sabrina. Thefour of them had a smile on their faces, and seemed to be getting along quitewell.

Steve looked over atLaura who seemed to be still alone even though she was right in the middle ofthe most talkative group, and he couldn’t help but wonder why she was soquiet. He wondered if her silence wasthe only reason that she had no friends, and if there was some reason she wasalways so quiet, but as he was too far to say anything without drawingattention to her, he just sighed.

Heidi was lightlygiggling at some random story that Rick was telling her. She didn’t see how it could be a true story,but it didn’t matter. It was funnyanyway, and as long as he said it, she would listen to just about anything.

“We have about an hourand a half before the concert contest,” Mrs. Evans informed the group. “So we will not be able to go shoppingtoday. If you kids are good though, thenwe’ll take some time to do some shopping before we go back tomorrow.”

“You will need toremember your groups, and you are not to be separated from your groups untilyou meet the main group at the appointed time though,” Mr. Strictland remindedthe students. “We don’t want anyonegetting lost.”

Heidi wasn’t payingattention to Mr. Strictland though. Sheonly had eyes for Rick at the moment, and some of the other students rolledtheir eyes as they already knew the rules and had intended on following them justso there would be no trouble.

Not long after they hadfinished a large Italian dinner with some dessert, the students were againloaded on the bus and they rode for nearly half an hour towards the music hall.

The bus circled around thedome-like building, a large black eighth note resting on the top, balanced peculiarlyso that it was a wonder that it didn’t fall and rolled down off of the side.

There were already a fewother buses parked in front of the main entrance, but it seemed that no one wasget disembarking any of the large transports.

Tinted windows wound around thebuilding of brown brick. Two sets ofdouble doors locked out those that approached at the moment, and a soft greenlawn carpeted the grounds around the building. A few yellow, pink, and white flowers

*002*2011-10-02 09:44

It is being continued. I have finally finished the first chapter, though it does feel a little rushed. I will try to be a little more careful about making the other chapters more detailed. This idea was originally for Flush's contest, but it is already October 2, and I don't think I'm going to have it done in time. His theme for this contest would be fulfilled by chapters 3, 4, and 5, but I doubt I'll be ready to submit those all in a clean judging well proofread format by then.

Please look at the top post again, and you will see where I left off by points in red where I've identified where I continued. Chapter One has three parts because I wrote some, and while I paused to take a break from the story, I posted what I had. I also like updating bit by bit as that lets me see where the viewers are with me. If someone catches a mistake early on ,or if someone says a comment that catches my eye, I may write the next part a bit better.

Your comments are welcomed and be HARSH but specific when telling me where something doesn't make sense or where something could have been worded better. I can't grow as a writer if everyone just writes... Nice story and moves on. Please tell me that at the point where Robyn is about to pee her pants, you didn't really show... x y and z, and I was disappointed that I didn't feel like I could really feel like I was her. I need to know that kind of thing to make the writing better.

At the same time, if something really grabs your attention, and you feel like you are there, or you are actually the girl that is talking, I need to know that too.

*006*2011-10-05 12:41

{{:

It´s good, i like the whole thing about getting caught, holding, hiding, getting punished and finally wetting and stuff. Mayby you could make more details how it´s feeling for anybody and miss out more "uninterresting" details, because it´s really long, you know? ;)

}}

Which areas are "uninteresting details" that do not give you the sense that you are there and in the story? I did generalize or skip over some areas with a word or phrase rather than describing in detail parts that I didn't think were that important, but if you cut out too much, it just because one wetting event ant not really a story? These are my thoughts, and if you found something uninteresting that I dwelt on, then I need to go back and check that again.

I just added a part of Chapter two again.

I plan to have 5 to 7 chapters, not sure yet. I do have a clear finish in mind for this one, and once it is over... I will be working on other stuff. Please do not ask I continue this particular story after I have finished it as it really is a very big project to include so many people in one story. Originally, it was going to be for Faust's contest, but I'm sure it will not be finished before that date. When Chapter two is finished, I'll be adding it as a separate post as well, for those that have a hard time reading just one long first post. But for those that like to see it all together, I'm also going to keep it together on the starting post from chapter One to Chapter Seven as long as the computer doesn't mess with the codes on me again.

Oh, Yes, my story is up to 6,000 words if you are curious, but I may edit some out later because it has been suggested that parts might be boring.
