The Senior Skip Day?

Author: Ishigreensa

*012*2011-10-12 10:26

Chapter Four

By Dewleaf

Warning!

Girl wets her pants

Girl poops her pants in this one (The detail might be too gross for soft stomachs, but that is near the end. You can stop reading when you get to where she feels her body playing tug of war if you don't want to read about how it feels for her to poop her pants).

High School Aged

Upon opening the double doors into the hallway, Heidi could see that there was already a line for the bathrooms started, and she hoped that fifteen minutes was enough time for her to get to go.

What she had also noticed, further up the aisle, was that not only the first row,but the last row were also released at the same time, the second row, and the row next to the top were released together, and the third row and the row third from the top were released that there were not two circular rows in front of her, but there were FIVE!

Heidisighed and took her place in line with Robyn and Lillie among others. She couldn’t believe her luck, as realized thatshe was nearly in the same place as before!

Notlong after the girls were in line, Lizzie appeared and walked up lazily next tothem.

“Whathappened to you?” Robyn asked her eyes squinted in mock concern.

“Oh,nothing. Mr. Strictland just took me tothe bathrooms before everyone else. Iguess they let the ones that really have to go, go first with the teachers, andthen they start releasing the rest.”

“Luckyyou,” Heidi murmured. She was startingto feel the pang in her side telling her that she probably should have asked tosit next to Mr. Strictland, but at the time, she had not felt it that badly,and she was enjoying her time with Rick and the beautiful music. She didn’t realize she had to go so badly.

Thelines seemed to move ever so slowly, and Heidi wondered how it was that theboys’ room had no lines at all. “Werethe boys really that fast?” she wondered. “a small sliver of gas passed down the lining of her stomach and to herleft side. She could only squeeze herlegs together as they stood in line hoping no one realized that the small highpitched sound had come from her panties.

Theother girls, however, were in their own dilemmas meaning they had missed thatalmost silent high pitched squeak that assaulted Heidi’s ears making her facedeep in redness as she stood there shaking and praying that she would get herchance to go this time.

Lilliewas standing next to Heidi nearly as desperate, her legs quivering whether theywere taking a step or not, and her panties feeling a bit of warmth in thecrotch as she rubbed herself trying to keep the liquid from oozing out.

Robyn’sface was flushed almost the same color as Heidi’s face, and though she wouldn’tadmit it, she already felt a little dribble ooze through her hole, over herpussy lips, and soak into the fabric of the gusset of her panties. It was just a little bit, and something she couldreasonably pass of as just girl stuff, if she could just get to the bathroom intime.

A fewgirls up in front of them, a curly haired dark blond was bouncing up and downand openly rubbing her pussy through her jeans trying to do whatever she couldto stop the liquid that was already starting to gather at the pelvicfloor. It was like she was carrying abucket full of water in her stomach, a bucket full that was delicately balancedon a stick, and that stick kept moving causing the bucket to threaten to dumpover.

Thewhole line leading to the girl’s room had similarly desperate girls, wiggling,dancing, holding, and bearing red faces that told of a doomed embarrassmentthat threated at any moment.

Howdid Heidi miss noticing that she had to go so badly? Was it really so much better to sit down? Or was it just because Rick had made her feelso calm, or maybe the music was so soothing. Whatever the situation, she wished she could go back and listen to themusic, rather than stand here where everyone displayed their displeasure to theworld.

Shelooked at Lizzie as Lizzie started to talk to Robyn. “So, where is Sabrina?” Lizzie asked.

“She’sin her seat in the auditorium.”

“Ithought she had to go almost as bad I did,” Lizzie brought her thumb andforefinger to form a “V” around her chin as she thought. “She certainly was acting like she was tryingto hold it.”

“Shewas,” Robyn whispered. “She just… just…she didn’t make it,” Robyn felt bad for Sabrina, and she hoped that she wouldmake it. At least Sabrina wasn’t goingto pee herself in front of everyone. Hardlyanyone had noticed that she peed, and Robyn hoped that maybe next time, if itwas like this, she would just do what Sabrina had done. It was much less embarrassing with lesspeople knowing, she thought.

Heidiwanted them to change to the topic. Itwas hard enough to hold it without talking about it, too. She stepped from one foot to the next, andbent at her waist as she felt a particularly strong message of gas or somethingfly from her mid stomach around her left side and then her bottom started tofeel like it was warm and burning inside.

“Thisis nuts!” one girl behind them complained. “Maybe we should just go in the boy’s room since it looks so open.”

“I don’tknow,” several girls said as they kept their place in line, but that girl andthree others started to follow her out of the line and towards the boy’sroom. She was ten paces from the door asHeidi watched with anticipation. She wasfive paces, and Heidi’s head felt a bead of sweat for her, and for herself, asshe started to inch herself out of line.

Heidicould feel her pelvis shivering with anticipation. Her butt was on fire from the inside as itchurned a bit causing her lower stomach to rumble in a mixing kind of feeling,and she could feel the gallon of water, now completely tipped upside downinside her, the only thing keeping the water from coming out, was as if a pieceof paper were plugging the opening, but how long before the water soakedthrough the page and started to leak and then flood from the open pipe?

Onepace from the door, that curly haired girl was caught and grabbed by the arm bya man teacher. Heidi was already a footout of line as she gasped when the teacher caught hold of the girl that triedto go in there.

“Whatdo you think you are doing, young lady?” he scolded her.

“I wasjust going to go to the bathroom. There’sno one in there, and there are a ton of girls ahead of me.”

“That isa boy’s room,” he looked in her eyes. “Ifyou go in there, do you know what you are saying?”

“ThatI have to pee really badly!”

“No,you are telling every boy here that you don’t care if they look at you or touchyour privates. Is that what you want totell them?”

“No,but I’ve really gotta go!”

“Justlike the rest of the girls in line,” the teacher gruffly pulled her towards theend of the line.

“But Iwas up there!” she protested pointing where she had been moments before.

“Youstepped out of line, so you have to go to the back!”

Heidigasped and put her foot back towards the line, but she found someone elsethere. They had pushed her completelyout of line as she was listening to the commotion. Panic stricken, she rushed to find herfriends, and though they wanted to let her in, the girls behind them told herthat she couldn’t cut.

Heidigasped. “I didn’t cut! I was here!”

“Justlike the teacher said to the other girl. You got out of line, so you have to go to the end!”

“Ididn’t get out of line. I was pushedout!”

“Bywho?” the girls behind her asked. “Wedidn’t push you.”

Heidisighed. She had allowed herself to strayout of line, and though Robyn was about to get red and become a little violentfor her sake, as was Angela, Heidi walked towards the auditorium. She already knew that the last people wouldn’tmake it in the bathroom, and she just figured she’d sit next to Strictland sohe would take her next time.

Robyn, Lillie, and Kim all looked in herdirection as she walked towards the auditorium doors with sorrow, but they weretoo scared of not making it to help her much more. They were getting pretty worried.

Already, Robyn felt a little warm puddle inher now wet gusset, Lilly felt her thighs getting a little cool from dryingdampness there, and Kim was just barely keeping the first spill from leaking outof her tubes. They were all scared thatMr. Strictland would notice them wet anyway, and were even more worried thatthe toilets would close off before they could go, or they would start goinguncontrollably before they got there.

Rick noticed Heidi walking back, and he hadbeen waiting for her from the sidelines, trying not to look like a pervert ashe did so. He bounded up on her, andsmiled as he reached down at her hand.

Feeling his hand touch her fingers, andthen another hand grab her around in a hug, Heidi smiled. She looked into his handsome dark eyes, andshe felt a little tingly and relaxed even though her sides hurt a little, andher bottom was pulling itself in for fear of relaxation causing an embarrassmentthat she could live without.

“What’s wrong?” he noticed her scowlingface and that she didn’t seem comfortable.

“I got pushed out of line, and by the timeI can get there, it’s going to be time to go back,” Heidi looked at him bitingher lip. “It’s okay though, I think Ican wait a little while.”

“I’m sure you can,” Rick smiled ather. “Don’t worry, I’m sure you canwait, and you could ask Mr. Strictland to sit right next to him instead so thatyou could go next.”

Heidi nodded.

They walked down to their seats, and toHeidi’s dismay, there was already a boy there. She looked at him like he was crazy because the boys’ room had beenopened the whole time.

“Mr. Strictland,” she tried to keep hervoice level and polite. “They are takingtoo long, and I couldn’t go to the bathroom, so can you take me next break so Ican go right away?”

“I’m sorry, but David asked me first,” Mr.Strictland nodded at her. “Just sittight or try to go back and hurry before the intermission is over.”

“There’s no way you’d let me gothough. The line is still almost to theentrance,” Heidi looked at him with sad eyes.

“Well, your group of friends should alreadybe near the bathroom by now. Why didn’tyou stay in line?”

Heidi gulped. She didn’t want to answer that questiontruthfully because he might think she was a bad person or something forentertaining the idea of going in the boys’ room. “I don’t know.”

Mr. Strictland then looked at his watch,and then walked up towards the lobby while Heidi and Rick took theirseats. Another signal for release creptaround her side and to her bottom cause a squeaky fart to slip past. The nearly silent but gassy fart made herfeel awkward, and as though she was about to let a poof made up of more thangassy air into her panties, but luckily, that was all it was.

She was now holding her stomach, andwaiting for Mr. Strictland to come back with the other students, Rick at herside rubbing her arm and whispering kind encouragements to her as she tried tohold on.

It wasn’t long before the seats were filledagain, and now most of the others in comfort. Of course, Heidi was gassy and scared of an accident at any moment,Sabrina was soaked, and no one really knew what was going on with Laura, butpresumably, everyone else was in comfort.

Well, actually, Lillie’s and Robyn’s thighswere covered by the darkness and their closed legs, but they were a littledamp. Christina’s butt had a little wetpatch on it, but no one seemed to have noticed, Lizzie was completelycomfortable and dry, and Laura, was well, Laura.

The solos were now starting, and manystudents began to settle in for the peaceful sounds enhanced by their relaxedbodies to calm their nerves. Robyn andLillie were nearly sleeping by the middle of the performance, their eyesdrooping, and light snores escaping their open mouths from time to time.

It was only the third soloist on stage, andHeidi could feel her bladder expanding beyond the comfort of her belt line andthreatening to just power-jet itself through her clothing right there. Her butt was pulling at the fire, trying tokeep the discomfort inside and sizzling rather than escaping out of the dark.

Rick noticed her arms tensing and her bodyshaking. She really had to use thebathroom badly, and he was sure she’d do it any moment in her pants. There didn’t seem to be anyway he couldreally help her either. All he could do,was just try to not act repulsed by something that her body had no choice indoing. He wondered how long it wouldtake, and if she was even already wet. Hedidn’t ask her though. He knew it wasbad enough to be there, trying to wait, then to be noticed and asked by a loverif she was not able to make it, especially if she wasn’t.

The twelfth soloist was now approaching themiddle of the stage. The lights weredimmed, and everyone could see the young girl, her red-brown hair in a nicebun, and her purple glittering top sparkling from the lights. Overhead, as if in a large screen theatre, ina circle around the dome, her enlarge face was shown so the crowd could see herpretty features.

Heidi’s body was starting to play a violentgame of tug of war, her front muscles first pulling the poop back in and tryingto keep it set inside her anus, and then her anus pulling her pee trying tokeep it from slipping out of the front. Shecould mostly feel the lodged little log wiggling from in her bottom, coming outhalf an inch and then being sucked back in that half an inch. It was frustrating as it rubbed against herbottom making it quiver and making her to want to go more.

Dribbling water was starting to spill abouta milliliter at a time, getting her panties a little wet in the gusset, and thewarm feeling making her panties feel even more inviting for the baby that layin her posterior.

Heidi’s face was on fire as she kept tryingto suck that little baby up and back into place to wait for the rightplace. Every time, she sucked it up, herstomach felt like it expanded and it had flashes of pain shoot across the mostobtuse part of it, which would cause her to want to give a little and let thelog peek out a bit and cause a little dribbling from her pee hole.

No one seemed to notice thought Heidi wasshivering with need, and her face was pouring sweat from her brow andneck. Any moment now, and she wasn’tgoing to be able to keep the baby in place, and if it started to move, she wasn’tsure she’d be able to stop it before it slipped completely into her underwear.

The diaphragm of her stomach was trying tosuck itself upward for as long and as far as it could go in hopes of drawingthe log further inside rather than letting it go outside. Though no one else heard it, Heidi imaginedthat her pee was hitting her panties so hard that it was like rain drumming onsome tightly pulled canvas covering. Shelooked worriedly to her left, where Sabrina was just listening to the show, andto her right where Rick was rubbing her leg.

“Please don’t,” Heidi moved his hand off ofher thigh. It wasn’t that she didn’tlike his hand there, but….

“What? I’m sorry, I thought it was okay,” Rick looked at her sadly as if shehad teased him, and now was telling him it wasn’t okay to touch her.

“I’m sorry,” Heidi looked down scared hemight notice if the dribbling didn’t stop soon, or if it got worse, which itwas likely to do. Her hand was constantlyrubbing her stretched stomach, and she sat her butt tingling with fire, and akind of warmth and pressure was threatening to slip past.

“It’s okay,” Rick whispered as he realized thatshe was shivering and holding herself quite as still as she could. He knew she was going to do it at any moment,and there was nothing he could do as the way to the door was blocked even if hewanted to just carry her past the mean teacher and up the stairs.

A tear fell down the left side of Heidi’sface. Her pee hole was closed tight, anda fighting squirmy slippery jet of pee push, rush, and hit her so hard, that shefelt a splutter of droplets patter off of her gusset before soaking through herpanties. It stopped, but now her pantieswas warm and primed. The feeling in themwas one of hopelessness as her pelvic muscles shook in desperation.

Still, her stomach tried to keep her bodilyexcretions from slipping out as it sucked the diaphragm up harder and made herstomach more upset, the pain now traveling up her sternum and making her feellike she had a bit of a heartburn.

It was going to be inevitable, and she hadbeen fighting with her body for so long, that she missed the thirteenth,fourteenth, and fifteenth introduction of solos.

Suddenly, her diaphragm softened andrelaxed for just a fraction of a second, but that was all that she neededbefore a warmth of pee flooded out her pee hole, still not even half of it, butenough to soak the chair beneath her, and the log inside pushed so that it wasnow “Looking around at the dark roomy area of her panties, debating on whetherit wanted to fill up the room or not.”

She pulled her muscles and diaphragm backjust in time, and the log moved back inside her bottom, though not as far up asit was a moment ago. Heidi had thefeeling that it was now peeking out of her bottom, and the pee had stopped, andit wasn’t even enough wetness to relieve her bladder. She still had to go badly!

Heidi whispered over at Mr. Strictland.

“Please, you have to let me go now! I’m not going to be able to wait until theintermission!”

“Look up there,” he pointed behindthem. “You tell me how you expect to getthrough all of those gates without disturbing the other people.”

“I’ll just have to disturb them and askthem to let me go,” Heidi’s face couldn’t get any redder. She was wet, and she didn’t want to poop herpants.

“No, you are going to sit there like theyoung adult you are and wait like everyone else. There’s only like thirty minutes left,” hewhispered back to her.

“Please,” she started to sob quietly. “I’m already a little wet. I really can’t hold it.”

“If you are telling me you are wet, you aretelling me to punish you. You do realizethat,” Mr. Strictland looked her in the eye.

“I know,” Heidi whispered defeated. “But I am a little wet, and I need to go now!”

“There’s no point in disturbing the othersif you are already wet. Now be quiet andwait to be dismissed like a good girl. I’dsay like a young lady, but young ladies don’t pee themselves in public.”

Heidi felt the salty tears sting her eyesmuch worse when he said the last, and she turned from him feeling it must beher fault. Rick looked over wanting tosay something, but the teacher’s look told him it was a bad idea, and it wasn’tgoing to get her to the bathroom.

Heidi felt her stomach once again relax,and some more pee gush this time into her panties with such force that it ranover the seat and she could hear it drumming on the floor below her. Her bottom opened up, and a snake started toslip out and into her panties, coiling in a soft oozy slimy warmth. It piled up and she peed some more, theyellow turning brown water seeping out from beneath her, and then as herstomach revolted and didn’t want to keep anything else inside, it pushedcausing her lift up a bit as more junk piled into her panties.

Once she was done, she felt like she was aninch or two higher than she had been, watching the solos. The pee was soaked around her, and she feltcompletely soaked, muddy, and disgusting around her privates. The tears had stopped coming down her cheeksonly about ten minutes later, and though she smelled a bit and was obviouslythe cause of several people’s discomfort, no one seemed to say anything.

Alright, this part was really gross. I'm sorry about that for those of you who don't like this kind of thing.

*021*2011-12-09 13:13

I want to add to the story, but would this be not allowed since this story is so old, Admin or mods? I am asking permission first. If you think it's too old, I understand, and I'll abide by your lock. If it is locked, maybe I'll just start another story based on the same characters doing something else. :D

