The Senior Skip Day?

Author: Ishigreensa

*009*2011-10-11 11:11

This is Chapter Three.

The above cannot be edited for some reason, so I must put Chapter Three here.

If some words are run together, it is because this site doesn't like my Microsoft word's copy and paste, and I'm not going to correct the words at this moment because I'm too tired.

Chapter Three

The Concert Contest

Round One

Warning: Girl has to use the bathroom badly

Teacher and Situation is unbearably Strict

Lusty situations implied though not acted on

Entering through tinted double glass doors, the group from East high school noticed that he whole interior seemed circular. On the floor, just at the entrance, there was a puddle on the ground though who ever made it was long gone.

The carpet was a deep wine-red with black notes of various types printed upon it. On the far side of the hall, there were the bathrooms, but the girls’ line towards it was so long, that it moves around the left side of the wall circling towards the entrance with nearly three girls wide. Had the girls been single-file, they would have easily stretched around and around the fifty foot in diameter lobby.

There was no way that all of those girls were going to get into the bathroom before the show would begin! Behind the East High bus, there were two other buses. Sabrina, Lillie, Robyn,Lizzie, Heidi, Angela, and Christina were all in line to get in the bathroom though they could see that it was moving like molasses, and they were only along because of the culture class.

The boys, to the girls’ dismay,seemed to have no line at all. Heidi and others were obviously thinking about that. But then, Heidi spotted her. Laura was going into the theatre without even going to the bathroom here? She never went once on the bus, at the restaurant, and now she was skipping it again! How could she be that strong?

“Look!” Heidi pointed Laura out to Sabrina! “She’s not going to the bathroom again!”

“She must have an iron stomach or something,” Sabrina shook her head. “I wish I had one right now. This is taking forever, and if it doesn’t get going soon, I bet Mr. Strictland makes us wait.”

“I know,” Robyn said looked at the other two. “It’s a good thing some of us went when we had a chance.”

Heidi looked down. She didn’t have to go, really, but she knew that some of the others didn’t have as strong of bladders as she had. Even though Laura seemed supernatural, Heidi did have a fairly strong ability to wait for hours.

The line was now, nearing the bathroom door. That’s when Mr.Strictland came by. “The show is starting. You girls should have gone at the restaurant anyway, so come on, let’s get to our seats.”

“But, we’re like just ten paces away,” Robyn looked up at him with her sparkling begging eyes.

“You heard,” Mr. Strictland directed the girls.

They sighed, but did as they were told. Heidi was only going to go as a precaution anyway, and since they had all had a chance to go, she hoped that the others were really just going for the same reason, but she still worried about her classmates Sabrina and Lizzie. Everyone knew that Sabrina went almost every class period at school.

He led the girls through the doors to the concert auditorium. The entire room looked a bit like a bowl, the main stage in the center and bottom of the room. They walked down the red carpeted aisle between seats, and around the large bowl of a room, Heidi could see twelve such aisles. They were at the their seats from the front, but even the front wasn’t near the stage.

The two seating aisles around thefront were already closed off, gated, and had teachers sitting at thegates. As Mr. Strictland put hisstudents into the third circular row, well the rest of them, Heidi realized hewas going to be sitting in the aisle too, with a seat than came down from the gatethat would be closed.

Next to the aisle, to her surprise, aboy she really liked, Rick was going to be sitting, and Sabrina was going tosit next to him, but as Sabrina realized who he was, and Heidi told her enoughtimes that she really liked the boy, she asked Heidi to change places.

“I just want to sit next to Lizzie,”Sabrina lied, and Heidi nodded glad that she didn’t say the real reason loud enoughto embarrass her in front of her crush.

Mr. Strictland had the outside aisle,then Rick, Heidi, Sabrina, Lizzie, Laura, Robyn, and Lillie were sitting inthat order. She lost track of whereChristina and Angela were, but they had to be in the third row. Her whole class was to sit together, whichwas why Mr. STrictland obviously wanted to hurry the girls.

Programs were then handed down therows from a mysterious source, and Heidi shuffled her legs a bit as she tookone, but she didn’t look at it. She lookedup at Rick instead who seemed to smile back at her as he started open his, andthen closed it again and stuffed it in his pocket.

“Hi,” Heidi said softly, her wordsbarely carrying inches in front of her, but just loud enough that Rick nodded.

“It feels a bit crowded in here,”Rick observed.

“Yeah. I don’t think they expect us to get to the lobby much during theperformances,” Heidi blushed. “Are youare comfortable?”

“Yeah, I’m okay. You?”

“Yeah, I guess.”

Rick put his arm across the back ofHeidi’s chair, and she looked down with a small soft smile. She wanted him to do it, but it still madeher a little nervous. She wasn’t used tohaving a guy this close to her. Her parentshad been so careful about teaching what was safe and right, that she had neverbeen on a proper date, and she was already a senior in high school.

“Alright, boys and girls,” Mr.Strictland called across to the seniors. “It’s going to start, so I want it quiet.”

Heidi looked around Rick giving thestern bald headed party-pooper a frown, but then nodded and looked at theprogram she had still in her hands.

2:30 to 4:30 Round one Performances

4:45 to 6:45 Round two Performances

7:00 to 8:30 Dinner Break

8:30 to 10:30 Round ThreePerformances

It looked like it was going to be along evening. Heidi had not planned onsitting there that long, but apparently, this was a really big contest for theperformers.

At 2:15, a man walked from below theelevated seats and towards the stage holding a microphone. He was dressed in a blue-black suit withshiny black shoes, and his eyes were lit up by the stage lights.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” hestarted. “We are happy to announce thetwenty-sixth Annual Choir competition for the State of Wyoming. And now we will introduce the judges.”

Heidi sighed as she looked at Rickwho was also bored by the announcement of some judges whom he would neverremember within the hour. It wasn’t likethey were really that important for the seniors, though the choir studentsmight think differently. Heidi’s handfelt a warmth come over it, and looking down, she saw Rick’s lying acrossit. That warmed her heart, and she couldn’thelp but smile back up at him. He smileddown at her.

“…And now,” the announcer was goingon. “The First Choir, from CasperWyoming, Casper High School!”

Students along the fifth row, tworows up from Heidi’s school, rose and cheered for their school. There were shouts of praise and callingencouragements that lasted for nearly five minutes until they were calmed downby authorities, or by their school’s choir walking from under the seated rows,up to the stage, and taking places around the circle.

Heidi thought it was quite anillusion the way the bowl shaped room arranged the performers below them, andyet, they faced outwardly in a three hundred and sixty degree arc. What really topped this illusion, was thatwith no Microphones that Heidi could see, the choir’s voices carried as thoughthey were singing to gain the attention of some being high up in the mountains,but their faces were not strained, and the students seemed rather happyperforming.

The music was beautiful, and Heidifelt her body going limp to the beautiful sounds. All around her, the whispers had died, and itfelt as though everyone had felt the same call of peace, to just let their bodiesgo limp and drink in the beautiful mixed high soprano notes with the richdeeper base ones. The music washeavenly.

Heidi wouldn’t have known that theschool had performed two pieces had it not been written in the program, for onewonderful piece had seemed to melt into another one, and only when the choir startedto walked off of stage to her left, and another began walking on from theright, did she realize that anything at all had changed.

Next to her, Sabrina was starting tolook around the circle to see that no one else moved. She looked up towards the back to see thedoors closed, and her way blocked at every row with gated seats. Obviously, she wanted to get out of theconcert hall, but Heidi couldn’t understand why. The sounds were so beautiful, and she wanted,no needed, for them to continue. There wasemptiness without those sounds filling up the quiet somewhat dim audience rows.

From the other side of Sabrina, Heidicould see another girl wiggling some. Lizzie was actually shaking her right leg up and down and she was lookingas panicked if not more so than Sabrina. She looked up the same rows and put her hands in her lap. Sabrina did the same, and before Heidi coulddwell on her classmates, the singing started again.

The music was something far superiorto any music class or church choir that Heidi had ever remembered. This was so lovely, as was the one before,that she could not choose had she been a judge. They were both putting her in such peace, that nothing worried her atthe moment, and that her eyes were holding back warm wet tears, not of sadness,but just because music that beautiful draws them out.

Rick’s hand was still touching herhand, but she barely realized it, not that she didn’t want it there, but themusic was so intoxicating that she couldn’t feel anything but the music. Her heart was calm and seemed to barelybeat. Her brain was in a buzz state andnothing really mattered but the sounds made by those on the stage. Heidi felt as though she were in heaven.

To her left, however, not everyonewas in the same peaceful stupor. Sabrinawas still looking around and wondering how to stand up and move to the gate withoutdisturbing anyone. They had apparentlymade the seats so close together and nearly touching the ones in front, thatshe could barely move without disturbing those around her.

Lizzie was starting to butterfly moveher legs as well as shake them, and the squeeze them trying to hold out untilthis group was finished. She knew itwould be rude to go in the middle, but if she just went while the next groupwas changing, maybe Mr. STrictland would let her go.

The music continued to entrance theseniors in the audience, and the theatre within the stands was as if theseniors were not even there save for a little breathing, some coughs, and acouple of wiggling people that couldn’t be picked out in the crowd.

Sabrina rubbed her legs togetherfrantically thinking about her options, and Lizzie was now bunny-hopping up anddown in her seat, making a little squeaking noise as she tried hold her pussyand rubber her thighs against each other to get closer together hoping to closethe hole that was between her legs.

Her bladder was tingling indispleasure, her inside tubes seemed feel as though they burned in fire, andher legs quivered at the pending doom that was only moments away. Lizzie could take it no more, and she stood upand disturbed the few people along the row to get to Mr. Strictland.

She gulped as she looked up the pathto the doors, each and every row was gated and had two or three teacherssitting there blocking the way.

“What is it?” Mr. Strictland askedthe young girl. “If you are going to askfor a toilet, why don’t you look up towards the door and see for yourself?”

Lizzie had tears in her eyes. She could see that even if he said yes, therewas no way to get up there without disturbing everyone, and she sighed.

“Sit down next to me, and I’ll letyou go as soon as I can,” he said uncommonly gentle towards her.

Heidi was now very aware of Sabrinathat was next to her. Sabrina washolding herself, nearly openly, and Heidi was sure she was sweating with worry. Lizzie hadn’t been able to go, so ofcourse Sabrina had to wait as well. Heidiherself, barely realized she had anything inside her at all.

“Scoot down,” Mr. Strictlandwhispered to Rick. “I want Lizzie to sithere next to me.”

Rick, told Heidi, who told Sabrina,and they moved down one each until Sabrina was sitting right next to Laura, whohad a stoic smile. She had not onceneeded to go! It was already nearing fouro’clock. Heidi really had lost count of thegroups because of the beautiful singing, for quite a few had gone, but therewere still a few left before the first round would be finished.

Lizzie sat next to the teacher, now alittle more worried about being decent as he was very strict, and she thoughthe would yell at her if she grabbed herself, so she could only hold out withher legs, and a little light wiggling.

Sabrina could feel a little dampnessaround her bottom, but she wasn’t quite sure if it was pee, or if it was justthe actions of her legs which had caused her to sweat so bad that it made herpants a little damp. She didn’t care,all that mattered was trying to hold it before she peed herself. She had to hold out, because she was a senior,and one of the younger students was already in trouble for even a little leakin her pants earlier. It would be veryshameful for a senior to wet her pants.

Heidi could feel the bouncing motionscaused by Sabrina by now, and she felt sorry for her. She couldn’t tell her to stop moving aroundthough it did interrupt the beautiful music that came from the choir below. She sighed and looked up at Rick who lookedback at her with some kind of emotion in his eyes. Heidi hoped that emotion was love and not justlust.

Her own body was getting warm, and inher panties, she was getting wet with something else as she looked up into hischarming eyes, and his beautiful hair. Hewas an absolute dream, and she felt her loins burn for him. It was too bad that this was a class trip, becauseif they could have gone to a room together, she might have liked that.

Rick was now lightly rubbing herhand, and up her arm with a warm soft caress that prickled Heidi’s nerves. She knew that he was there, and she shiveredinside herself, wanting more. She couldfeel the burning need, and smell the soft sweet smell of his aura. It was lustful, but it wasn’t all lust. He had, after all, still kept his hands awayfrom her legs, at least for the moment.

Lizzie was still bouncing around, andshe could feel her muscles wavering. Theywere still fighting hard for control, and trying to keep the liquid inside, buteven as the program wore on, she could feel the liquid now starting to slippast her bladder and into the tubing that would lead to the freedom of herpanties. She had to double the pressurewith her legs to keep the tube closed tight that it didn’t allow the opening justinside the lips of her pussy to open from the front, and what that did, wascause something a little stranger to happen.

There was a wetness that was startingto develop from her tightly rubbing legs, but that wetness should only come outwhen she is with the boy that she likes, and it was quite heavy making herpanties feel a little squishy, a little sticky, a little slimy between herlegs. Still, she had to rub her legs andtry to fight for control.

Spasms were causing her to shake asshe tried to keep herself sealed tight against the impending doom, and that’swhen the first round ended. The lightscame on brightly, but all the students were told to sit tight until they weredismissed.

Then, Mr. Strictland took Lizzie’shand and he walked her up the aisle, and pointed to the bathroom doors as did afew other teachers with one student. Hethen returned to the group, Heidi still rubbing her legs together because of adifferent reason, and Rick now massaging her shoulder with one hand.

“Once the first two rows are clear,you kids will be next,” he told his class. Sabrina shook as she tried to hold herself,the first row starting to stand and squeeze up the rows past them. Then she felt it.

It was first a little squirt, thatjust dampened her privates right near her vagina, and the hairs of her privateswere wet so they felt the tingling pee droplets. The first row seemed to take forever to pass.

A second squirt slipped into herpanties, and warmed her bottom a bit, and wet her mid thighs with pee. She was doing it. She was started to pee her pants, her faceturning red and sweat starting to wet her hair on her head and river streaksformed and slid down her face.

Laura sat there quite undisturbed atall, and though some of the others did have to use the toilet by this time, itwas Sabrina who was feeling her panties start to cool and to warm again as a thirdsquirt filled up her crotch and then soaked through her clothing and into herseat. She put her head in her hands, herface so red, it could have been Rudolph’s nose.

Heidi leaned into her. “Are you okay?”

“No,” Sabrina admitted. “I’m wetting already.”

“Oh, no. Well if you get up all wet, Mr. Strictlandwill punish you.”

“I know. What can I do?” she felt another small river eruptbetween her legs, this one causing a lake in her lap as she had tried tosqueeze her legs together to make it stop, and when she opened her legs, the lakefell between them soaking the seat and getting the floor a bit wet.

“Why don’t you just pretend you don’tneed to go, and maybe it will dry before the next break?” Laura offered advicefrom where she was sitting.

“Do you think it will really work?” Sabrinaasked wondering if she could be dry by the time she had to move. Already, she felt more pee slip out, and thistime, she didn’t even try to stop it, but deliberately let it pee through herclothing on the seat. She had nothing tolose by just sitting there now, her pants were already soaked, and if she satthere long enough, and it dried before he noticed, she might not even get introuble.

Laura whispered to her. “It’s okay. I’ll keep your secret.” Sabrina breathed a bit heavily for the firstfew minutes as her pee just flew out of her body and into her clothing and allover the seat, but eventually as it tapered off, so did Sabrina’s breathing. She nodded knowing that she had little to loseby sitting there and hoping. People on theother side of Laura had to leave the other way, so Laura stayed by Sabrina’sside and tried to make her feel better while the rest of their classmates wentup to the toilets.

Heidi and Rick were talking as theywalked up the aisle towards the lobby. Hewas making comments that made her blush, and he was so sweet, rubbing her backand encouraging her to make it to the bathroom. Heidi really wasn’t as desperate as her twoclassmates, but she still did want to go.

