The Senior Skip Day?

Author: Ishigreensa

*023*2011-12-11 05:03

Chapter 5

Heidi sat there in her mess for another few minutes, feeling the stinging tears come to her eyes as she thought about the situation she was in. It was completely unfair for him to do this to her because she had told him at least three times that she was getting in trouble. Mr. Strictland was the worst, ever!

Rick, however, sitting next to her, had moved his hand down to her stomach and felt how relaxed it was. He realized that she was no longer holding it, and he looked over into her eyes. They were very shiny sapphires that sparkled in the dim stands. Rick whispered to her letting her know that he wasn’t disgusted with her.

“It’s okay. You waited as long as you could,” Rick whispered as low as he could.

“It’s not okay,” Heidi mouthed back unable to say anything to her crush who had realized that she was a complete mess now. Her face couldn’t turn any redder, but she turned her face from him, and looked down at the seat next to her.

Rick reached his hand down further to the button of her jeans, and he leaned into her hair so he could whisper into her ear. “You’re still my girlfriend, aren’t you?” he asked sincerely.

Heidi looked up and turned to face him shocked that he would ask that since it was she, who had done something so childish or even baby-like that it should be her place to question their relationship status. It should be HER checking with him that he was okay to still be seen with her.

“Are you still my girlfriend?” he asked her yet again, concern on his face.

Heidi nodded with tears in her eyes. She didn’t know how to tell him how grateful she felt that he still wanted to see her, and that he didn’t feel like she had been so gross that no one would want to be seen with her.

“Since you are still my girlfriend,” Rick whispered to her, “then it’s still my place to comfort you when you’ve had a hard time,” he smiled to her. “Trust me, this is not your fault, and it is okay.”

Heidi felt her legs squirm a bit as she listened to him, but he moved his hand further from the top of her jeans where the button was to between her legs, and Heidi looked up at him, fighting the impulse to push his hand away.

“Please don’t touch,” she whispered. “It’s dirty there.”

“Why? Just because you are wet?” Rick questioned her. “You are NOT dirty, and just because you are a little wet, doesn’t mean I don’t want to touch.”

He wiggled his hand until it could slip between her tightly closed legs, partly closed off so the teacher wouldn’t see that she was wet yet.

“I’m dirty because I went to the bathroom in my pants,” Heidi reminded him.

“No you didn’t,” he whispered to her. “You waited as long as you could, and your girl stuff just couldn’t wait any longer to come out. You didn’t go to the bathroom in your pants, you just couldn’t wait any longer.”

“What’s the difference?” Heidi asked him.

“Well, if you went to the bathroom in your pants, it would be on purpose, something you wanted to do, but not being able to wait, is something that is natural and something that is NOT your fault.”

Heidi rubbed the arm that was reached between her legs, and his fingers touched her soaked crotch which made her quite uncomfortable. “No matter if it’s my fault or not, it’s still wet down there,” she whispered.

“I know,” Rick smiled at her. “But it’s okay. I want to know how wet it is so I know how uncomfortable you are.”

Heidi looked into his eyes. “Doesn’t it feel disgusting?”

“No,” he whispered, and laid his head on her chest trying to smell the sweet aroma of girl, girl sweat, and girl pee while avoiding the stronger fumes of the poo.

Heidi laid her head on his, and she sighed. She wasn’t comfortable, but at least she knew that Rick was not disgusted by her lack of adult ability in holding herself from having a baby accident.

“What are you kids doing?” Mr. Strictland looked over at the young high school kids leaning against each other.

“Oh, um… nothing,” Rick said as he lifted his head and pulled his hand from between her legs.

“Don’t give me that. If you’ve been fingering her, you will both get detention.”

“I wasn’t,” Rick said. “I was just checking her because she was scared she had leaked and I wanted to make sure if she did or not.”

“Is she wet?”

“I… I don’t think so. She just feels sweaty,” he lied.

“She better keep it that way if she doesn’t want detention, and if you don’t want detention, you’ll keep your hands away from her legs.”

Heidi looked down knowing he would eventually find out that she was a mess, and wondered if it was really a good idea for Rick to lie about it at that moment.

Rick looked back down to the performing juniors, and without really thinking, he lifted his hand up to his nose, and he smelled what he had touched from Heidi’s privates. He was rewarded with an odor that was mostly girl smell, mixed with some sweat and a little pee. The poop smell was minimal on his hand because of where he had been touching her.

Sabrina looked at the commotion, and she knew she would also have to face the same trouble that Heidi did once Mr. Strictland forced all the students to go to dinner. Her pants were still a bit damp, and there was no way she’d be able to hide it from him.

Laura continued to watched the performances, but now, she was finally starting to shift a little in her seat. She was finally starting to show signs that she might want to use the toilet, and Sabrina wasn’t the only one to notice as all the girls were finally alerted to Laura’s human problem. She was a girl after all.

Laura looked around and seeing Sabrina wet, seeing that Heidi was hiding something, and the looks of the others, she knew that there was no way that Mr. Strictland would let her go even though she had a different reason for wanting to escape. Her reason, was one that would cause a whole high school scandal if it got out, Laura was sure. She certainly didn’t need that kind of reputation.

Robyn looked from Lillie to Sabrina as they noticed Laura squirming some, but there was something funny about the way that Laura was squirming that didn’t quite look right. She was banging her legs that hard, and she wasn’t bouncing herself up and down, but her legs were squirmy, and her hands were feeling her stomach as though she was needing a bathroom.

Down on the stage, a soloist was staring up at the crowd of seniors watching her, and she seemed almost as distressed as Laura, Sabrina, and Heidi though the seniors could not clearly see what was going on beneath her skirt. It could be as must from nerves that she was shaking as it might be from her need to attend matters of a more personal nature. Still, some of the seniors in the crowds began to whisper and to point at the young girl.

No one sitting near Heidi had anything to say about the unfortunate junior’s condition as she stood there staring up at the vast crowd, but further up in the room, Heidi could hear some seniors saying something like the poor girl might be sick, or she might be so petrified that she can’t perform. Crueler remarks were about betting whether she had to pee, and if she was going to do it in her pants on stage for everyone to see.

Mr. Strictland shook his head, both for the student that stood in that situation and for the naughty words of the seniors around the room that were voicing such disgusting opinions aloud, and as he looked at his row of students, a certain amount of pride and happiness caused him to smile seeing that his students were not the ones heckling the young lady on stage.

The young girl was approached after a minute or two, taken off of stage. Heidi felt the muddy mess in her panties starting to seep through the legs of her panties, and looked over at Rick who was still watching her quite carefully. He had a hand on her shoulder, trying to comfort her.

Finally, with the final student being escorted off of the stage, it was time for dinner, and time for the teachers to take those closest to them to the bathroom first. Heidi sat there waiting for Mr. Strictland to return to dismiss the rest of them, and Rick leaned into her.

“Don’t worry about what happened,” he whispered to her. “I’m sure your parents can get you out of any trouble that Mr. Strictland says you are in. And no one can fault you when you told him three times you had to go before you had an accident.”

Laura continued to struggle some in her seat, as she listened to Rick’s kind words towards Heidi. Many in her situation might not have struggled at all, but for now, no one knew what was up with her, and she liked it that way. As long as no one understood, she would be safe from humiliation, but if someone were to find out how truly weak she was, she might never live it down.

“Alright, everyone up and I want to check before you go to the lobby, use the bathroom, and then board the bus to go to dinner.”

“Why do you have to check us?” Sabrina looked up at him. “Can’t you tell if we are wet without touching us?”

“If you are going to give me trouble, young lady, you can serve an extra day of detention.”

“I didn’t mean anything like that,” Sabrina looked down. “It’s just that I’m wet, and I don’t want you to touch it.”

“You are?”

“Yes sir. Then please wait until I dismiss everyone else, and I’ll take you to take care of it. If you admit to having messed your pants, I won’t have to touch you to check.”

“I wet too,” Nicole said in a low shameful moan.

“Then you can wait with Sabrina.”

He touched all the boys and girls, on their pants, and those girls that had on skirts, they had to lift their skirts up far enough that he could touch their panties backsides to make sure they were dry. None of the students liked it, but they preferred that to being accused of being wet or in a lot of trouble besides.

When it was Laura’s turn, her face turned red as he touched her bottom, and there was something strange about the way her panties seemed to move and be seen moving under her jeans, but though Mr. Strictland gave her a look, he didn’t tell her to join Sabrina and Heidi.

Sabrina and Heidi were taken to a bathroom that was not being used by students, but a couple of faculty were in there, and he told the girls to stand in front of him by a bathroom sink.

Reaching into his bag, he pulled out two Luv’s brand diapers which were made for large kids, and he showed them to the two ladies. Both Heidi and Sabrina recoiled a bit with a look of disgust on their faces. The two women that walked into the bathroom at the moment, they were teachers, saw him handing the girls diapers, and they smiled at the girls like they were five years old.

“Your students?” they asked him.

“Yeah, apparently, they can’t use the bathroom during the breaks, so I don’t know what else to do for them but put them in a diaper so at least they aren’t cold from wearing pee soaked jeans all night.”

“You girls are lucky to have a teacher that cares,” one of the teachers scolded Heidi. “If I were your teacher, I’d just let you sit in your mess since you decided to poop your pants.”

“I didn’t decide….” Heidi started but she stopped when she noticed that he had put his finger to his lips warning her to not say anything. She gulped and just looked down.

“Sabrina, since you are just wet, I think you can go into a stall, remove your wet things and put on this diaper the best you can then come out so I can adjust it for you. Heidi, you are going to need a bit more help since you are a mess.”

“Those poor girls,” another teacher said as she passed them leaving the bathroom. “They have kidney problems or something?” she asked the Mr. Strictland.

“No, if they had, I’d have put them in diapers before now to keep them from having the embarrassment of having their friends see them like this.”

“Then they just waited too long?”

“Yeah, well, I think we gave them reasonable breaks, but you know how girls are these days. They test you, just to see if you really mean it when you say no, and apparently these two, had figured I’d given in before this, but unfortunately, the structure of the theater didn’t allow me to give in.”

“That is unfortunate.”

Mr. Strictland pulled out a thick quilt from his bag and laid it on the floor. Then he put a plastic sheet over it before he had Heidi lay on it.

“Can I do this myself, please?” Heidi asked him with shiny eyes.

“I wish you could, but you are a mess. How do you plan to get the crap off of your bottom and legs without a shower, young lady?”

“I don’t know.”

“I didn’t think you did. Now, if you’ll trust me, I’ll get it off of you, and you can go back to the bus all dry and comfortable.”

Heidi sighed and laid down on the changing mat that he had made. Meanwhile, Mr. Strictland pulled out some wash cloths and some other things to be used on Heidi and he began to wet them at the sink. He also grabbed some paper towels wetting some of them, and he soaped up two of the rags before moving over Heidi straddling her.

It was at this point, that Sabrina came out of the stall in just a cute diaper, the waistband having Disney princesses on it, and the main part was pink.

“I changed,” Sabrina said in a very subdued voice her legs shaking and her heart racing because she was put in this baby thing.

“Come here and let me straighten it,” Mr. Strictland told her. He reached up and undid the tapes, pulling them a bit tighter across her waist so the diaper didn’t sag or come open. Then he reached in his bag and pulled out some extra tapes to put over the tapes to make sure they stayed in place. These extra tapes, were pieces of duct tape.

“There, that should hold the diaper in place so it doesn’t come apart on you. You can go get on the bus now.”

“But I need some pants,” Sabrina looked at him pleadingly.

“Your pants are at the bus, young lady. If you want the bus driver to let you get to your extra clothes, I’ll tell him to do so, but you will have to get the pants and put them on on the bus.”

“Isn’t that indecent? I thought you wanted us to be young ladies about our bodies,” Heidi whispered up at him.

“I did want you to be young ladies, but young ladies don’t mess their pants. You two acted like little girls, and your diapers will cover what is important, so your most intimate places on your bodies will still be covered whether you are in a skirt, or pants, or not.”

Sabrina sighed and walked towards the door with her head down. Heidi turned away from Mr. Strictland because though she felt he was being mean about it, a part of her felt like he was right that she had acted like a big baby in going to the bathroom in her pants.

Laura walked with her classmates out to the lobby of the concert hall, but she didn’t get into the line for the girls’ bathroom. She walked instead, to the bus, her head held high, and she climbed aboard while many eyes watched her in fascination. Most of the girls were sure she had to pee, so why wasn’t she in line to go at the concert hall? Was she that sure that she wouldn’t get to go in time?

Laura’s legs were still rubbing against each other a little, and one hand was between her legs as she sat in her seat, and the other hand was covering her lap trying to keep her crotch well covered.

“Do you have to pee?” one of the kids getting on the bus asked as he passed Laura, but she rolled her eyes at him and continued her charade as though it was something quite natural to do.

Heidi relaxed on the floor, and waited until she felt his hands unbutton her button to her jeans. He had to unzip her pants, and then he started to slide her jeans down. Her face, which had started to clear up of any redness from earlier, was now blushing a new as a teacher was required to change her.

She just looked away from him letting him do what he thought was necessary to get her ready for dinner. He slipped her jeans all the way down and off of her, noticing that the poop had come out of her panties, and had caused a bit of a mess in her jeans. He wiped the mess from her jeans with wet paper towels and put them in a plastic bag, then he returned to getting her panties off of her.

“These panties are ruined,” he informed her. “I’ll just throw them away with the rest of the dirty trash.” He pulled her panties down off of her, and them on top of the paper towels he had used to wipe the mess from her jeans.

As other women teachers noticed him changing and cleaning up the high school student, some of them looked at Heidi like she was disgusting or like she was a child for having such an accident, and others looked at him as though he was taking a big risk in helping the student like this.

“I know it’s risky to change her, but if I leave her in that mess, I think it’s just as risky, and at least this way, she won’t get sick from sitting her mess all night.”

That appeased some of the women who then told her the same as the first woman. “You are lucky to have a teacher that cares. If you were my student, and I found you like this, you’d wear those messy pants until we got to the motel, and then you’d be punished and your parents informed that you did something like this.

“Oh, she is in trouble,” Mr. Strictland informed the teachers.

Mr. Strictland then took the wash clothes and cleaned up her messy legs and her bottom and after he had made sure she was as clean as he could get her legs and her bottom, he gave her a clean wet rag and told her to clean herself between her legs. He said that no matter what she told her parents, if she lied about where he touched her, she’d live with the consequences not because she’d be in as much trouble as he would, but because she’d know it was a lie, and that she would know he was just helping her so she wouldn’t have to be in a mess the rest of the night.

Finally, she was clean enough that he pulled the diaper up on her and fastened it tightly around her middle. Then taking the other girls’ wet clothes and Heidi’s wet jeans, he put them in a plastic bag and gave Heidi’s bag to her to carry to the bus. He put his supplies away, and he told Heidi to go to the bus.

Heidi approached the bus, and the bus driver and Sabrina were still there at the bus side, the bus driver still unsure about opening the bus storage area.

“I told her she could get her clean clothes,” Mr. Strictland told the driver. “I want her to put her dirty clothes in her bag too, and the same with this one.”

The bus driver finally opened the bus side, and both girls grabbed skirts to hide their diapers under. They started to put the skirts on even before climbing onto the bus so that it felt like less people were staring at them. And as Heidi sat down, next to Rick, she saw Laura still sitting funny and squirming.

“Didn’t she go to the bathroom?” Heidi whispered to Rick.

He shook his head no.

Chapter Six

So, What’s Going on With Laura?

Laura sat in her seat, squirming most of the way as the bus took them to the King’s Table for dinner. At the King’s Table, the students were allowed to get as much food as they wanted, but they had to get up and down of course to get it. None of the students were suffering as they approached the King’s Table except for Laura, who really seemed to be squirming badly now. Her legs were still not knocking, but her legs were rubbing, and her hand was between her legs.

“Laura, would you please take your hand out from between your legs,” Mr. Strictland asked her with a menacing smile. “It’s unlady-like and indecent.”

“I’m sorry, sir,” she complied by removing her hand, but her legs were still squirming, and you could see her face fall as she removed her hand, as though something she was trying to prevent was happening, but no one could see anything happening to her pants at that moment.

Mr. Strictland watched her face fall for a moment, but he nodded at her and just left her be as she continued to feel her face heat up, and her legs were kept closer together to hide something. Slowly, the students were taken off of the bus, and though there would be good reason to check Laura’s condition, the teachers didn’t check any of the students as they stepped off of the bus to get into the restaurant.

Three of the juniors that were with them, Heidi now had a clear look at them, had diapers on without any pants. She looked down wondering why they were forced to ride the bus like that let alone go into the restaurant like that. Two of the juniors were girls and one was a boy.

“I guess Sabrina and Heidi were not the only ones that wet,” David said loudly as they left the bus. “Maybe they should have been forced into diapers, too.”

“You better shut up,” Rick glared at him. “There was no excuse for you to take that place next to the teacher, and if it had not been for that, at least one of these ladies would probably have made it to the bathroom.”

“Oh, sure, whatever you say.”

“Kids, stop,” Mr. Strictland interrupted their fight. “What is done, is done. The students that deserve to be in diapers are wearing them.”

“Why don’t the juniors have skirts or pants on though?” Robyn asked looking at them with concern. “It’s bad enough for them if they have to wear diapers, but to show us all that they are in diapers is just mean.”

“We didn’t have time to get them into any pants before we left, but if any of you juniors want to get your clothes from the bottom of the bus and dress in the boys’ or girls’ room, it’s okay as long as you do not remove your diapers.”

The juniors, already wearing diapers out in the open for all to see, didn’t linger at the bus side to get their clothes. They saw no reason to hide what everyone had already seen, and as the students sat eating, Heidi noticed that Rick was looking at one of the girls in a diaper.

“What, do you find her situation interesting?” she asked him.

“Not, interesting,” he blushed. “But she is kind of cute like that.”

“She’s a high school student. How is that cute?” Heidi looked at him furiously.

“Well, it’s because she is a high school student, that’s kind of cute.”

“Really? What would you say if I told you I’m being forced to wear a diaper, too?”

“Are you really?”

“Yeah,” Heidi felt her face glow red.

“Well, the fact that you are allowed to hide it, kind of makes your situation different, doesn’t it? I mean, look at her. She’s so ashamed that she hasn’t looked up or smiled since we have arrived.”

“I see. So if the teachers forced me to publically show my diapers, you’d think I was cute?”

“Ah, but you are already lovely without needing to embarrass yourself,” Rick whispered to her. “I mean, yeah, I’d probably stare because it is cute if you are forced to wear a diaper in public display, but you don’t have to be in that situation for me to look at you because you are so lovely.”

“Oh,” Heidi blushed. “Well, stop staring at her, okay?”

“Whatever you say, ma’am.”

Heidi giggled.

Laura sat at the table, not going anywhere near the bathroom, and by then, she had stop squirming around as much. Actually, she was sitting so still, and didn’t even get up to get more food so that Heidi began to wonder if she had wet her pants at the table. She approached Laura and though Laura still looked dry, she offered to bring her more food.

“Would you like me to get you something?”

“That would be kind. Can you get me some bread and some steak and potatoes and some juice?”

“Sure.”

Now, Heidi was sure that Laura must be wet, and she must be somehow hiding it because she still couldn’t see it.

“Heidi, what did you think when you saw those three juniors in diapers,” Laura asked her slowly as Heidi sat the food down for her.

“Nothing, really,” Heidi said trying to think about how she would be able to say that she was in the same situation.

“Well,” Laura considered. “It’s too bad that they didn’t get to cover the diaper because if they had, no one else but the teacher would know. I mean, it’s bad enough to wet yourself, but for everyone to see you in a diaper….” She looked down.

“Yeah. That would be very embarrassing,” and Heidi wondered how she had gotten away without anyone realizing she was in one since she did come out to the bus without her skirt on.

“Well, I don’t think it would be right if anyone made fun of one of those girls, would you? I mean, even you and Sabrina did pee your pants in the hall, didn’t you?” she asked boldy.

“Yeah,” Heidi felt her face heat up some. “So you know I went, right?”

“It was hard to not notice. You smelled really bad when you finished.”

“I’m sorry.”

“It’s okay. I’m sure you didn’t mean to do it. But aren’t you glad that no one thinks you are wearing diapers?”

“Yeah. That would be totally humiliating. Why are you bringing it up?”

“Well… um… nothing,” Laura looked down at her plate and started to eat.

Heidi turned to Robyn and started to talk to her.

“Do you really think he will get away with giving all the wet girls detention?” Robyn asked Heidi.

“I don’t know, but I’m going to tell my parents that I asked at least three times before I had an accident and see what they say about it.”

“Yeah, it was really unfair of him to do that to you, and that junior that had wet earlier before the program, well, she wasn’t even that wet. It’s no wonder someone like Sabrina got scared and just peed herself instead of asking to go. She’s always been very shy.”

“I know. You’d think it would be against the law for him to do this to us. This was even supposed to be a special time for us, but if senior skip day is going to be like this, what seniors are really going to go along with it without complaining?”

“I’m not. I’m telling my mom how we were treated whether I survive the whole trip without embarrassing myself or not. It’s plain wrong.”

“I agree.”

“Laura, you need to come with me,” Mr. Strictland suddenly appeared behind the three girls, Rick sitting across from them. “You need to be checked.”

“Oh, okay,” Laura smiled up at him. She looked from Heidi to Robyn and down at her pants for a moment before she stood up, her body visibly shaking and nervous for some reason.

“You aren’t wet, are you?” Robyn whispered to her thinking she must be scared of Mr. Strictland checking her.

Laura just stood up, and with determination, she rose out of her seat and started towards the bathrooms with Mr. Strictland. As she walked away, Heidi caught a glimpse of wetness that seemed to spread out the sides of her bottom, but her bottom wasn’t wet at all that she could see, and between her legs still looked somewhat dry.

“Did she just sit in something?” Rick asked as he stared after her peculiar butt that was wet on each side just below the buttocks. Her bottom also seemed to stick out a little less than it did a few hours ago as well, as though something had sucked the extra air or cushion out of her butt.

“I don’t know,” Heidi turned back to look at him rather than Laura’s peculiar wetness.

“I think we should go to those three juniors and say something kind,” Rick pointed at the three ignored kids whose classmates were now sitting as far from them as possible. “I think they are being bullied because of their condition.”

“What do you think we can do about it?” Heidi asked. “Mr. Strictland makes it seem like it’s our fault, and even if we try to comfort them, won’t their classmates just think we are babying them and treating them like little kids?”

“I don’t know. But I think it must be hard to be in their position and surely a kind gesture couldn’t hurt them.”

“You go then,” Robyn told him. “I don’t think it’s a good idea though, and I’m going to stay here and out of it. Even if it does any good, if Mr. Strictland sees you trying to be nice to them, he might have you checked or try to make you seem like you are wrong.”

“I say let him try. I don’t want to see those kids ignored for something that wasn’t their fault.”

Rick stood up and started to walk towards the three juniors that were sitting in nothing but a shirt and a diaper. He sat down started to talk with them, and soon had them laughing. Heidi thought it was very brave and kind of him, but she couldn’t follow him because she was already treading thin ice with Mr. Strictland considering she had been the worst one.

Laura came back with a small smile on her face, and still in her jeans that had a little wetness coming from the sides of her bottom. It was official that it must have been just something she had sat in, and there is no way she could be coming back from the toilets with a smile if she was wet. Mr. Strictland didn’t give any hints at all as to why he had to check Laura at just that time, but he didn’t check any of the other students.

As the students started to get up from the dinner table, to board the bus, Mr. Strictland called Sabrina, Heidi, and the three juniors to wait until everyone else was out of the restaurant.

“Since you five students cannot control yourselves, there is no reason for you to go to the bathroom and other people’s chances away from making it on time. You are to sit the rest of the program, and at the motel tonight, I’ll check on you kids and make sure you are in clean diapers to sleep.”

“Do we really have to wear diapers to bed?” Heidi asked him.

“Yes. If you can’t control yourself in the daytime, what makes you think I trust you to control yourself when you are asleep? I don’t want five wet beds in the night at the motel, so all of you kids who are wet will wear diapers tonight to sleep. Anyone found not in a diaper in the morning, or found to have not needed one after you had wet yourself while you are awake will get more detention.”

“That’s really mean, sir,” Heidi whispered. “We only had an accident because of the situation you put us in. If we were allowed to go, we wouldn’t have wet our pants.”

“Are you saying I should have treated you and all of your peers as children from the beginning rather than give you a chance to show that you are adults?”

Heidi dropped her head, her mouth wide in exasperation. He obviously didn’t get it. None of the students had done that because they are children. They were put in a situation that an adult couldn’t… then she remembered that he WAS an adult, and he wasn’t wet or make a big deal out of going….

Maybe, she started to think. Maybe she really was a little kid. Maybe she should have been able to wait. Heidi sighed and looked up at him with shiny eyes. “So, you are saying an adult could wait?”

“What do you think, Heidi? How many of your peers are wet?”

Heidi had to concede his point, and she whispered. “Alright. You win. I’ll go to detention and wear the diaper as you say, but please don’t tell everyone that we are babies. Please?”

“I won’t. That will be for you to prove to your peers yourself. If this is the truly the first time you’ve done something like this, and if it never happens again, I’m sure your peers will forget about it. But if you continue to do this at school on different days, then you are telling your peers yourself that you are little kids. Understand?”

Heidi nodded.
