Unlucky Star: Chapter 1

Author: facade

*000*2010-08-16 09:10

My first fan fiction. This story stars Konata Izumi, a 17 year old girl from the anime Lucky Star, a favorite of mine. Here's a basic picture of her:

%http://fc07.deviantart.net/fs33/f/2008/295/b/6/Konata_Izumi_by_mario_anime.png

###

A few hours into the night, Konata awoke in her bed to the signals of her bladder needing relief. She quickly jumped out of bed. "Wow, I really have to pee! It must have been all that tea I had before bed last night.” She thought to herself. Konata walked quickly out of her room and around the corner to the bathroom that was lit by the moonlight coming in from the small window at the top of the room. "I really must remember to go to the bathroom before bed from now on." She thought to herself again as she pulled down her pajama pants and panties halfway down her legs, sat down on the seat and proceeded to urinate. “Huh?” Konata said as she quickly noticed a warm and wet feeling had begun to form under her bum and legs, as if she was wetting herself. She looked down at herself where she was sitting, though she could see that all of her urine going into the toilet water below.

It was only moments later that Konata awoken from what apparently was a dream state in her mind and her eyes slowly opened. She saw that she was no longer sitting on the toilet in her moonlit bathroom, but was now lying back in her bed in her bedroom. Konata let out a sigh of relief and rolled back over to go to sleep when she became conscious to a familiar sensation and noticed that she had the same warm and wet feeling from her dream between her legs and on the bed underneath her. “What? Why am I so wet?” She asked herself as she put her hand under where she was laying and quickly realized that her dream had partly became true. Fully conscious and awake now, she came to the fact that she had wet the bed and quietly gasped, immediately becoming mortified at what she had done.

Konata immediately hopped out of her saturated bed and ran to the bathroom as quickly as she did in her dream minutes before. “I can’t believe I just wet the bed like a little girl!” She muttered as she pulled her pants down and sat on the toilet to finish peeing but only a small spurt came from her apparent empty bladder. She wiped herself and flushed the toilet then removed her wet clothing and pajama top and drew a warm bath to clean herself off. After she had finished her bath, Konata dried herself off and hurried back to her room to get dressed in dry clothes. She put on a pair of white cotton panties and a long, red night shirt that extended to her knees before looking over to her bed that had a large wet area where she had been laying. "I sure hope my dad doesn't find out about this." She thought to herself as she pulled off her wet sheets and set them into her laundry basket along with her wet clothes.

Konata picked up her dirty clothes basket and scurried off to the laundry room downstairs to start the washer, still a little embarrassed about her accident but glad that her father was still asleep and that she had a good chance of him forever being oblivious about the situation. Suddenly, Konata felt the signals from her bladder coming back; apparently it hadn’t been completely emptied after all. It wasn’t the normal ‘first urge to pee’ feeling that was easily manageable either; it quickly became an urgent need as if she had been holding it for hours. Konata dropped the basket and immediately pressed her legs together as tight as she could.

“Shit! Not this again!” She thought to herself as the running water from the washer only made her need worse causing her to jam a hand between her legs to hold herself. Konata hobbled out of the laundry room and made her way towards the bathroom only to find her dad had just walked in and the door closing behind him, apparently to take a shower earlier than normal. “No! Dad! Wait!” She yelled out stopping dead in her tracks, still holding on to herself trying to keep her aching bladder from contracting its muscles but by then her dad had the shower running and was unable to hear her daughter’s desperate cry.

Konata banged on the door as hard as she could while keeping her free hand between her legs to keep from leaking, but to no avail, her dad had his water proof radio going at full volume. Konata realized that she was not going to be able to hold on much longer to her bursting bladder and decided to try and find another solution to avoid having another accident.

“Why does this have to happen to me?” She thought to herself as she waddled her way to the upstairs bathroom. “Oh god, I hope I can make it!” Konata muttered as she slowly tried to make her way up the stairs. As soon as she took her first step, her bladder gave way and released a small trickle of urine and made a damp spot in her panties and her shirt where Konata was desperately holding herself.

“Oh shi-” She whispered as she stopped walking and leaned forward to stop the flow just barely with the aid of the tight grip both of her hands were making. She gained back control and attempted to continue making her way up each step but as she lifted each leg, she leaked more and more spurts from her bladder until she could no longer hold it back any longer regardless of what she did. “No..!” Konata whispered as her bladder fully relaxed and released its urine, soaking up her white panties and a large wet spot began expanding around her tightly clenched hands, trickled down her legs and soon dripped onto the carpeted stairs under her feet.

Her heart was beating at what felt like a 100mph as she again became mortified after wetting herself twice in the same hour. An embarrassed Konata let go of her tightly gripped hands as her bladder finished emptying for hopefully the last time. “I have to get this cleaned up before my dad sees it.” She muttered and quickly walked to the kitchen to get some carpet cleaner and an old towel and back to the wet spot on the stairs. Thankfully, Konata’s father was a man of long showers, but she took no chances and scrubbed the floor quickly until the spot was no longer there.

She let out a sigh of relief then made her way back to the laundry room where she had left the washer door open. Konata stripped naked, dropped both of the wet articles of clothing into the washer and closed the door which started the washer. She then heard the downstairs bathroom’s shower shut off and realized that her dad was about come out. A naked Konata then made a mad dash to her bedroom upstairs with the cleaning supplies, shut the door and proceeded to remove the wet stain on her mattress. “That was a close one!” she said as soon as the bathroom door opened and Konata’s dad walked out.

“Kona?” Her father called out as he knocked on her door lightly which startled Konata and causing her to jump.

“Uh… just a minute dad!” she replied and knew that her dad must of heard her moving around.

Konata quickly put on yet another pair of panties and another long night shirt, blue this time before hiding the carpet cleaner and towel in her closet and opening her bedroom door.

“Kona? What are you doing up this early?” A curious dad asked her.

“Uh… I just couldn’t sleep and decided to do some laundry before school.” Konata replied, relieved that she just barely got away with this morning’s charades.

“Oh… I see. Do you want me to make you a hot cup of tea?” Konata’s dad asked.

Konata remembered that tea was one of the reasons for her accidents this morning.

“Uh… no thank you, I’m fine.” Konata quickly replied

“Oh, well alright then.” Her dad said before finally leaving to the kitchen to make him some breakfast.

Konata closed her door and let out a last, big sigh of relief.

###

So, I hope you enjoyed that story. I may write another chapter later but maybe I'll be too lazy, who knows? Comments and constructive criticism welcome. And if anyone has any requests for this character that you'd like to see made into a fiction, let me know as well.

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

*002*2010-08-16 09:43

Thanks. Okay, I shall work on that. maybe when I'm in a better writing mood and inspiration strikes I will write another one.

*004*2010-08-16 21:29

I'll have a lot of time at work later tonight. So I may work on this or another one. I'm not exactly a J. R. R. Tolkien but I'll try my best to use more detail. lol.

*005*2010-08-17 04:53

- edited and extended. Let me know how you like it!

*007*2010-08-17 06:28

{{:

I definitely agree with Meowth, the added detail and everything is great!

I love it (especially since as I said, I'm a huge Konata fan) and am looking forward to more.

Your fanfics are all based off some of my favorite characters, heheh ^^

}}

I love Kona-chan too, shes the most attractive anime chick to me. Short and nerdy.

*008*2010-08-17 09:19

{{:

Yay!! A Konata fanfic ^^

I've only read a couple of these, and I'm a huge fan of Konata. For your first fanfic, it was definitely pretty good, I'm looking forward to reading more ^^

}}

I should have asked this before, but do you remember where these fanfics of her are? I would love to read them.

*009*2010-08-17 09:44

{{:

Well, these fanfics involve diapering (Kagami x Konata kinda thing), if you're still interested I can post a copy of them here though

}}

I am still interested. I would appreciate that a lot if you did.

*011*2010-08-17 09:52

{{:

I remember one that was non-diaper related but I would have to find. I'll do my best to look for it.

}}

Awesome, I can't wait. It's cool if you can't find it though. I don't want to trouble you, but I'll watch out for it.

*012*2010-08-19 07:52

Chapter 2 will be up soon.

*013*2010-08-19 10:59

{{:

Awesome :)

Looking forward to it.

}}

It's up hehe. :]

*016*2010-09-01 18:41

{{:

An excellent fan-fic, keep up the great work.

}}

Thanks. check out my other chapters too. the links are at the bottom of the story.

