TAYLOR AND ME (The Long And Short Of It) - Page 2

Author: frostyjr2

*027*2015-10-25 12:58

My dear friends and fans, i'm so happy that you are enjoying this...

And if you're anything like me, you know that the anticipation only makes it better, even if it drives you crazy! Here's the next part of the story:

Taylor And Me (pt. 5)

And So It Begins

"If Joe told you all about me, then you know i'll have to ask my girlfriend Norah for permission before we do this, right?"

"Of course. Why don't you call her right now?" Taylor said with a smile.

Fishing my cell phone out of my clutch purse, i hit speed dial. It only rang twice before Norah answered.

"Hi, sweetie, how's it going? Are you having a good time?" she asked.

"You have no idea..." i replied, and then started to explain the situation i found myself in.

Norah laughed when i finished, then told me to put Taylor on.

"She wants to speak to you," i said shyly, handing the phone to her.

It was as if i had called my mommy, and then she asked to talk to the baby sitter... OMG.

Although i couldn't hear what N. was saying to her, i saw Taylor smiling more and more as she murmured into the phone.

"Yes... OK... sure... no problem," she said, giggling every so often as she glanced over at me.

Finally, she handed the phone back.

"Your turn again," Taylor said brightly.

"Norah, you're not mad? You're OK with this?" i asked anxiously.

"Of course I am OK with it," she answered emphatically. "How could you ever pass up such a golden opportunity?"

She and i both giggled at her pun.

"Do whatever Taylor tells you to as if it were me telling you, and try your best, sweetie; I'm good with the outcome, whether you win or lose. Good luck and see you in the morning!" she said cheerily.

Norah hung up, and i ended the call.

"Well, i guess we're really doing this, then," i said with another little giggle.

"Starting now," Taylor said with an answering giggle of her own.

She went back to the mini bar and brought out another bottle of water for me, smiled again and said, "Mine's still pretty much full, so I'll just use that. If you don't mind..."

Norah had just told me to obey Taylor as if it was her giving the orders herself, and with N., any request was the same as a command, so... there was no way i could refuse.

All i could do was nod my head and softly say, "Sure, no problem."

Now i finally realized why Taylor had been plying me with water so steadily beforehand; she was stacking the odds in her favour!

I hadn't had a chance to use a restroom since i'd left home; not at the club and certainly not since i'd gotten here, and i'd just chugged down two bottles of ice cold water while she had barely taken a few sips from hers.

That was on top of what i'd had while i was at the club. Was it two bottles or three?

OMG... was Joe in on this too? I'll bet he knew all along that i was going to end up here, in this situation!

"OK, to start this off right, I think we'll need to have a wetness check," Taylor said with a cute, albeit devilish, smile.

"Come on over here, little girl."

Well, that certainly broke my train of thought...

When i was standing right in front of her, she unbuttoned her jeans and said, "You can go first."

SInce i wasn't quite sure what to do, i just stood there.

Taylor took hold of my my hand and guided it down into her pants. Now i could feel her moist warmth on my fingertips as i caressed her through her satin panties. Taylor closed her beautiful blue eyes for a moment; when she opened them again i couldn't help noticing that the knickers she was wearing matched the colour of them perfectly.

She sighed and shuddered briefly beneath my hand before i withdrew it.

True to her word, she was damp, but only from her own girl juice, not with any pee yet.

Then it was her turn.

She took the initiative again, undoing the top button of my tight skinny jeans, sliding the zipper down and working her slender hand down between my legs and into my crotch. Unlike me, she wasn't content to simply verify my arousal though; instead, she lingered and fanned the flames a bit more with a practiced ease that spoke volumes to a fellow follower of Sappho, and before i even knew what was happening i had squirted just a little again, wetting my knickers even more now.

"Ohhh, OMG..." i gasped, squeezing my thighs together around her hand.

Taylor giggled again.

"Oopsies, sorry about that," she said with that same impish grin as i closed my eyes and writhed under her skilled fingers, but she couldn't really have been too sorry, because she didn't stop!

When she finally pulled her hand out of my jeans, i opened my eyes again and i could see her fingertips glistening with my love juice before she popped them into her mouth and sucked on them.

"OOOh, yummy," she said with a smile as she withdrew them, then she looked at me fetchingly from under her bangs again. "It's a shame I have to drink this water now."

She picked up her bottle and had a long swallow, then put it down on the table.

"OK, sweetie, your turn!"

She didn't have to tell me twice.

Norah's command to obey Taylor as if it were her giving the orders was still fresh in my ears, and i was going to be a good little girl for her, because if word got back to Norah that i wasn't, i'd be in trouble for certain.

Besides, i was getting curious; just how good at holding was my idol anyway?

She had to have confidence in her ability since it was she who'd suggested the contest in the first place... and Joe had probably even told her about my stress wetting issues, too.

Well, i was going to surprise her if i had anything to say about it, though.

Picking up my bottle, i grinned and said, "Bottoms up!" and took a huge swallow myself, being careful to empty it just about the same amount as Taylor had hers. She already had enough of an advantage on me without me giving anything away now!

She laughed and said, "I think this might take awhile; want to watch a movie while we're at it?"

"Sure," i replied, "That's fine with me."

"I know just the thing we need, then."

Taylor went into the kitchenette area and i could hear her rummaging around in there, then i heard a beeping sound and in a moment she was back with a giant bowl of hot buttery popcorn.

Setting it down on the table between our half-empty bottles of water she went over to the flat screen TV set, grabbed the remote that was sitting on top of it, and came back to sit on the couch next to me again.

She pressed a few buttons on the remote and the movie started.

"I Tivo'd this earlier today; have you seen it already?" Taylor said, looking over at me and batting her eyelashes coyly.

OMG... it was The Grudge 2!

"Oh, i've seen it," i answered, trying to sound nonchalant.

"Would you mind watching it again? I'd really like to see it myself," Taylor said, smiling that lovely smile at me again, although she looked just a little sad.

"Ummm.... that's OK; i guess i can watch it again," i replied quietly. As if i actually had any choice...

"Cool! It'll be like a slumber party!!!" Taylor exclaimed, all bubbly and happy again now.

I didn't dare say no because of Norah's order, but all of a sudden i felt a little less confident in my holding capabilities.

Yes, i'd seen The Grudge 2 more than once before... and even though i knew it by heart i still nearly wet my panties in fear every time, too. Every time i watch it, i can't help picturing myself in my old school uniform, going into that haunted house and feeling the sheer terror of it.

IDK why, but it just hits a nerve. It's a really scary movie, and one that really gets to me every time i watch it, but i just can't help myself; when it's on, i have to watch it for some strange reason. And then i'm terrified.

Unconsciously, i snuggled up closer to Taylor, and she put her arm around me again.

To be continued...

*033*2015-11-01 14:20

Thank you all for taking the time to read, and for the kind comments.

Here's the next part of the story; i really should have posted it last night, but it wasn't quite ready yet...

Taylor And Me (pt. 6)

Fright Night

We were on the couch in front of the TV, watching as the movie played on the large screen in the darkened room, eating hot buttery salted popcorn and drinking from our bottles of water.

When we finished our first bottles, Taylor got up and got us two more from the mini bar.

I watched her closely as she walked, looking for any signs of desperation, but it didn't seem as if she was feeling any urge at all.

She moves like a cat, i thought to myself, all sleek feline grace, no wasted motion.

She brought both bottles back, sat down right beside me and handed one over.

Taylor crossed her legs again, but this time her other hand moved towards her crotch and settled in between them.

OMG, was she was holding herself? It was hard to be sure in the dark, and in any case i couldn't tear my eyes away from the screen.

The Grudge 2 had caught me again; i couldn't look away no matter how badly i wanted to and i'd already been holding myself for some time now, putting pressure on my wee hole through my tight jeans. It wasn't helping much; between my need and my film-induced fear, i was leaking pretty steadily by now.

The TV screen in Taylor's suite was so huge, it almost felt like we were in a movie theatre; i was sitting next to my idol, so close that i could feel her sharp intake of breath every time a scary part happened, feel her body tense up in unison with mine... before long we started holding hands, using the opposite hand to alternately lift our water bottles and drink, then jamming them back down between our tightly crossed legs.

Finally Taylor whispered, "OMG, this is really scary!"

"It really is," i replied, and nodded.

"Do you want me to stop the movie, honey?" she asked me, with what appeared to be real concern in her voice.

OMG, Taylor Swift was worried about me, and even with the contest on the line, she wasn't going to force me to watch if i couldn't take it.

Or was she just worried about herself?

Well, i'd been here before with this movie, so at least i knew what was ahead. She didn't.

"No, it's OK... the best parts are still to come,' i answered with a little smile of my own.

So, we kept on watching, and drinking, and holding hands.

Unbelievable, but yes, i was actually hanging out with Taylor Swift!

Not just hanging out, but sitting right beside her, watching a movie and holding her hand... OMG!

The feeling of being with her, and doing this together, it was indescribably amazing.

Like a dream come true, really...

You see, i love and adore Norah more than anything, and i'd been desperate in front of her more times than i could count, but her being a domme, she'd never shared that experience with me.

Even though we're pretty close in age, it's almost more like a mother/daughter relationship in a lot of ways.

Norah is always in control, and that's how i like it, just as much as she prefers it that way.

But i still couldn't help wondering now and again what it would be like to see her like this, the way she always got to see me, even though i knew it would never happen, and that i probably didn't even really want it to.

Now, with Taylor, the two of us were having a common experience; it was like we were sisters or besties and either one of us might lose it totally at any time, but it would be OK.

By now, we were both squirming and wriggling, and i was getting pretty damp from the amount of pee that had already leaked out of me despite my best efforts to hold everything in, not to mention my arousal just from sitting next to this amazingly gorgeous girl.

As for Taylor, she was still dry on the outside, but her occasional gasps and shudders led me to believe she was probably just as wet as i was underneath those tight sexy jeans of hers.

As i looked over at her, i found it incredibly arousing to watch her squirm and writhe in desperation, and to know that she was feeling what i was, feeling that crazy thrill that only comes when you've been holding desperately for what seems like forever and can keep yourself on the verge of letting go but not actually doing it for as long as possible before... well, you know. <blush>

As i was thinking those thoughts, Taylor picked up her bottle of water and drained it dry.

Then she glanced over at me expectantly, and without any hesitation, i did the same with mine.

As i finished the last of it, i felt a sudden heavy twinge of desperation, and i jammed my hand down tighter in between my thighs, and double crossed my legs.

Taylor couldn't help but notice it, and i heard her giggle softly.

She suddenly leaned over and started kissing the back of my neck again.

N. must have told her that was one of my special spots, or was she just intuiting this naturally?

Either way, i was squirting uncontrollably again, wetting my knickers even more now.

As if to confirm that her kisses were having the desired effect, she put her hand down into my still unzipped jeans, and giggled softly again as she felt how wet i was down there.

"Oh, sweetie... "

To be continued...

###

*040*2015-11-08 13:47

Thanks for the views and the comments, my friends and fans.

Here's the next part of the story for you, and thanks to Pain for his contribution to this chapter!

Taylor and Me (pt. 7)

A Living Doll

My bladder was letting me down that night, because i never normally needed to go so soon.

It didn't help that i was dreading the disgrace of losing, not to mention the other much more bizarre consequences.

I was using all my strength to hold back my pee, praying that Taylor was worse off than she appeared to be.

I had never seen my bladder so swollen before; it was bulging out like crazy and the urge to release the massive amount of urine it contained was almost irresistible now. It was getting worse because my jeans were so tight that even with the zipper fully undone, it was still under pressure and could not swell up fully.

Still, there was no place for excuses now. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity and I absolutely had to win this, but i was getting really desperate; i was keeping my legs knotted most of the time, and i was still struggling to keep control.

Taylor too had her legs tightly crossed. By now she was sitting with the zip of her own jeans undone to ease the pressure on her bursting bladder.

I was having to clench my urethra shut so hard I could barely stop myself from groaning with the effort, and I kept shivering and bumping my knees together as surges of desperation took me to the brink of letting go in my jeans.

The worst thing was, we were just about at the part where one of the characters is alone in a locker room.

She's taken a shower, and she's only wearing a towel when the creepy dead girl appears from out of a corner, and the other girl is so scared she pees herself.

The first time i saw the movie, i actually wet myself at the same time, i really did.

Now i wondered how Taylor would react. Would she do the same?

Before i could find out, she paused the movie and got up to get us two more bottles of water, but as she walked over towards the mini bar, she suddenly stopped, doubled over and gasped softly. Her long legs clamped together at the knees as she bent down a bit, one slim hand over her chest and the other down between her slender thighs.

No doubt about what had happened this time; she had leaked at least, and maybe even let out a nice little squirt of her own.

"T., are you okay?" i asked her.

"I'm... I'm okay," she replied haltingly.

Taylor took a deep breath, then said, "OMG, i really thought i was going to lose it totally right there!"

"Yeah, standing up fast when i'm really desp always has that effect on me too," i giggled.

"Well, then, fair's fair... you can get the next round!" she said, laughing.

When she came back with the water bottles she sat down next to me again, but instead of starting the movie up again, she said, "Wetness check!"

I hadn't bothered to fully do up my zipper after the last time, so it was an easy enough thing for her to work her hand down inside my pants and into my knickers, and i did the same to her as well this time, the both of us kneeling on the couch now. And while we were at it, she started kissing me again.

Her lips were so soft, and her kisses so sweet and tender... and all the while, her fingers were working their delicate magic on me down there, her other hand now up under my tee again inside my bra, caressing my breast and squeezing my nipple as it erected beneath her touch.

"Ohhhhh," i gasped.

My need was getting so urgent that I was dying to grab my crotch so i did, even though Taylor still had her hand down inside my panties. Even with her hand between mine and my girl parts, i could feel how wet i was now and i pressed down hard, and she responded by forcing two long fingers into me a bit as i gasped again with pleasure.

The pressure in my bladder was becoming uncontrollable and i wasn’t sure if I could win this holding contest any more.

It was an unfair match anyway; i had had way too much water beforehand and i didn’t even get to relieve myself.

All i could do now was hope that my bladder could stretch enough to hold all that liquid.

By now, Taylor had me completely aroused, and i was totally helpless.

Suddenly, i squirted again, and this time she could feel it as it happened.

"Oh, Erica...."

"I'm... i'm sorry..." i mumbled, embarrassed.

I almost expected her to pull her hand away, but Taylor only held me tighter as she felt my warm wetness, and then she sighed softly.

"Please, don't be," she whispered. "I like it... when that happens... you don't think it's weird, do you?"

Her eyes were downcast now, and even though the room was dark, i could feel the heat of her blushing cheeks next to mine, and i knew just what she was feeling at that moment.

All of a sudden, the words started to tumble out of me, spilling out like the urine i was desperately holding inside was trying to even now.

"No, i don't think you're weird, i love you so much! OMG, i used to think i was weird, because of my squirting when i was turned on enough, i thought i was just peeing myself every time, and it got so the two sensations almost became the same thing... i got turned on by having to pee, and holding it until i couldn't any more, and then i'd wet myself and it felt so great, and when i got super aroused, i'd squirt every time and thought i was wetting myself, but i was actually having an orgasm and didn't know it, all i knew was it felt awesome, but then i'd be ashamed because i was such a weirdo!"

"I told you I was just a girl like you, didn't I?"

She looked into my eyes, smiled her beautiful smile once more, and hugged me tighter.

OMG, YES!

Taylor Swift was just a girl, she was just a girl like me after all, and more like me than i could ever have hoped for!

"Do you know what a 'Betsy Wetsy' is?" she asked me.

"Nope, sorry," i said in reply.

"Well, it's an old doll that was around in the 1980s. You'd give her a drink, and then she'd wet..."

Taylor got that far away look in her eyes again.

"My grandmother gave me one when I was little, and i became obsessed... I guess that's where this all started."

"With a doll?"

"Yes, because I couldn't put that doll down. I loved making her drink and then seeing her wet over and over again. Then when i got a little older, I started experimenting with my friends."

"Experimenting? How?"

"Well, whenever we'd have a playdate or a slumber party, I always made sure that we had plenty of drinks available and that they'd drink as much as possible while we were playing a game that we couldn't stop easily.

I started to really enjoy the signs of desperation: the squirms, the crossed legs, the lip biting, the hair twirling... and of course the best part was when one of them would actually have an 'accident' right in front of me..."

Taylor sighed deeply.

"It only happened a few times, but OMG, I would get so excited... well, actually turned on, I guess. Sometimes I would run to the bathroom myself afterwards and pee through my own panties, and then rub myself through them until I... "

It looked to me like she was getting turned on just thinking about it, actually. I know i certainly was!

"I want you to be my real live Betsy Wetsy, Erica..."

I shuddered as i released a quick squirt into my knickers again. As for my jeans, they were just about soaked through, between my pee and my girl juice.

"OMG... i... i..."

I was a complete wreck now, shuddering uncontrollably, leaking, squirting, and oh so ready for Taylor Swift to ravish me.

But instead...

"OMG, Erica, are you OK?" Taylor asked. "If you want to stop, it's alright with me, or if you need to pee, that's OK too, sweetie."

This time, there was no doubt in my mind that she meant it.

There was no mistaking the real concern in her voice.

"Don't worry about the contest any more, honey; i'm going to get you that recording session anyway. I was always going to do that for you one way or another, even if Joe hadn't made me promise to."

Taylor Swift was a peach of a girl, the sweetest one i'd ever known (besides Norah, of course).

But there was no way i was going to be able to get up from the couch now without losing it completely; there was no doubt in my mind about that either.

To be continued....

###

*047*2015-11-22 19:58

Dear friends and fans, thanks for taking the time to read and comment on the story.

Here's the next bit for you to enjoy:

TAYLOR AND ME (pt. 8)

Waterfall

My head was spinning, between the desperate state i was in and the person i was with; Taylor Swift, omg... and she was kissing me and had her hand down between my legs, and i was just about ready to lose it in more ways than one. And that was exactly what she wanted.

I didn't need to worry about feeing humiliation and shame; it was just a game we were playing together, two little girls together... i smiled at the thought, and the tension drained away from my body.

Despite my initial reluctance, i realized that fate had brought me here, and that everything in my life before now had been leading up to this moment.

I no longer had any desire to win the contest, or to leave her.

As long as i could still be with Norah, i would be happy to be Taylor Swift's little wetting doll too.

Taylor would pamper me, she would dress me up in the same clothes that she wore, she would make me drink copious amounts of water to fill me up, and then she would watch as i peed my knickers for her, emptying myself over and over again.

Just like my relationship with Norah, it was inevitable, it was perfect and it was meant to be.

The only thing different was that Taylor would be sharing my desperation, and would sometimes wet herself right alongside me.

And so, i stood up, knowing full well what would happen.

"I'm yours, T.," i said softly.

"Oh, Erica..." she sighed as she leaned in towards me.

As Taylor kissed me deeply and put her hand down between my legs again, i finally lost control... or rather, i relinquished it, just as i had to my sweet Norah a few years previously.

I began to wet myself, the hot pee gushing out from my tortured wee hole as i felt the almost sexual release, and it went on for what seemed like forever, flowing past her fingers, soaking through my panties, through the crotch of my tight skinny jeans and running down my legs, collecting in my borrowed high heels before it overflowed them and pooled there on the floor between my feet.

I don't think i'd ever been quite so full in my entire life; at least that's how it seemed, because i just kept on peeing and peeing and peeing some more.

It felt amazing, i can't deny it, and the fact that Taylor was still kissing me and pressing her hand up against me as i continued to let out a strong stream of urine into my black nylon panties made it even better, relief and arousal mixed inextricably now as i continued to squirt hot pee into my panties, and then it happened: the inevitable melding of those twin sensations into one shattering orgasm, making me weak at the knees.

"OHHHMMMMMMghhhh," was all i could manage as my legs buckled under me and she pushed hard against both sets of my lips; as above, so below.

The pressure of her fingers against my hot urethra made the pee flow harder in the same way that partially stopping up a gushing garden hose created a more intense stream, and the feeling was pure ecstasy now.

No drugs or alcohol for me; no, this was my high, losing myself in this total loss of control to another, feeling this, and needing this, and never wanting the feeling to end.

Finally, the stream of hot urine flowing from my overburdened bladder began to ease up, and as it did Taylor eased the pressure on my lips accordingly.

She was playing me like a musical instrument, and her unerring sense of just what i needed at every instant was sheer perfection. She broke our long held kiss, and a soft sigh escaped her lips in tandem with one from mine.

"OMG, T., that was totes amazeballs," i said quietly, trying to recover a bit of composure after being shaken to the very core of my being.

The only other girl that had ever been able to do this to me was Norah, but Taylor Swift was almost her equal, i had to admit.

She looked at me with a quizzical smile now.

"Totes amazeballs?" she giggled.

"Yeah, as in absolutely amazing!" i exclaimed.

"Why thank you, sweetie- " Taylor was about to say something else when i looked down at the floor and interrupted her.

"OMG, I'm so sorry, the carpet's a mess! Is that going to be a problem for you with the hotel staff?"

"Don't worry about it, honey; I actually bought this suite awhile ago just to have whenever I'm in town. This can be our special place now-"

She'd hardly gotten those words out before i jumped up into her arms and hugged her so tightly then, and she let out a huge gasp.

Backing down, i mumbled, "I'm sorry..." again.

Taylor laughed, and said, "No, it's OK that you hugged me, it's just that... ummm..."

OMG, in the afterglow of my orgasmic release i had forgotten that she was just about ready to lose it herself!

She was squirming with her own desperate arousal now, and it was truly adorable to witness.

No wonder Norah loved seeing me like that!

"Well, what are you waiting for?" i said with a smile as i pulled her close.

As i took the lead for the very first time in my life and kissed Ms. Swift, i could feel her shudder and then she began to wet herself uncontrollably. I pressed my hand up between her long legs to return the favour as her hot pee spurted out of her and streamed around my fingers and she closed her pretty blue eyes and moaned in ecstatic surrender.

"Ohhhhh, Erica.... Erica..."

My thoughts turned to my gf Norah for just a moment... if only she could be here to see this, what would she think and what would she do?

I could only begin to imagine what it would be like with all three of us together.

Soon enough, though, i wouldn't have to imagine it.

I knew it was only a matter of time now.

<The End.... or is it just the beginning?>

Thanks for reading this, thanks to all of you who've taken the time to leave comments, and especially thanks to orango for his ceaseless support and encouragement, and to Pain for prompting me to write this, and for his contribution to the previous chapter!

