Finn and Jake Caught

Author: gargoyleguy

*000*2012-10-23 19:01

Finn slowly came to. He groggily opened his eyes, but his vision was out of focus. The world felt like it was spinning, and his head pounded. His vision slowly cleared, and he saw he was in an ice prison. He tried moving, but couldn't. Looking down he saw he was tied to a sturdy wood chair with rope."What the flip?" He said. He then heard a grunt to his left, and turned that way, and saw Jake tied up just like he was. Finn stretched out one of his free legs, and kicked his friend's chair. "Jake." He said. "Finn, don't leave your dirty underwear on the floor," he moaned. "Jake!!" This time Finn kicked harder, enough to rock Jake's chair a little.

"Huh!? What's going on? Finn what happened to us?"

"I don't know, but from where we are I'd say the Ice King had something to do with it. Quick Jake stretch us out of here."

Jake tried as hard as he could, but barely got a ripple.

"I can't man, the Ice King must have given me something, I can barely move at all."

Finn then tried himself, wriggling around, trying to loosen the ropes, it did no good though, they were too tight. Finn then tried the next idea he had.

"Ice King! Ice King! Come here right now and untie us you butt!" Jake then joined in.

"Heeellloooo! That stuff you gave me didn't work, I'm going to stretch out of here and break something expensive."

The only response was their own voices echoing back to them in the ice chamber. All the struggling Finn did had woken up his body more, and he felt an uncomfortable, and familiar feeling in his lower belly.

"Jake, I have to pee pretty bad."

"Oh, well look around, there should be a toilet in here somewhere." They both looked around, and found it in seconds.

"There it is man, just go over there, and let it flow."

"But my hands are tied up, I won't be able to do anything when I get there."

"I'll just have to help you out then, come on."

They then started sliding their chairs over to the ice bowl. Each shock from the movement of the chairs made Finn's bladder pressure rise painfully. Finn got in position first, standing up with the chair on his back. It was heavier than it looked. Jake slid in next, facing away so his hands could reach the front of Finn's pants. Finn's hands started to tremble with the exhaustion of the chair's weight.

"Hurry up, I'm getting tired."

"I'm going as fast as I can Finn, I can't see what I'm doing."

Jake blindly reached, and pinched Finn's leg hard. Finn yelled out, and fell over. Jake was holding on and fell along with him. They both landed in a pile with Jake on top. The extra weight only made Finn's bladder hurt more. They slowly managed to get upright again, and slid back to the front of the cell.Now facing each other to make talking easier.

"You'll just have to hold it I guess."

Finn moaned in pain.

"I don't know how ling I can Jake."

About a half hour later, and Finn's desperation doubled. He was shifting in his chair a little now, and squeezing his legs together tightly. Every once in a while he would grunt with the effort of it all. To him, it felt like there was a dull fire in his belly now. The bladder itself felt heavy, and throbbing for relief. Sweat now appeared on his face, and slowly trickled down. He closed his eyes every so often to concentrate on holding it more. Sometimes he looked over his shoulder at the toilet longingly knowing he couldn't use it even if he wanted to. When he did look at it his crotch ached.

Jake could only sit, and watch, not knowing what to do at all, he was getting very worried about his friend now, wanting to help, but knowing he could do nothing useful. Finn then felt a tickle in his throat, and coughed without thinking about it, but doing that caused him to lose control for a second. He felt a tiny bit of urine escape him, and drip into his briefs. He felt the warm, wetness soak into them, and looked down, blushing. Jake could smell what had happened, and started brainstorming, trying to come up with a way out of there. Meanwhile, Finn flew into hysterics after his leak, and started yelling. "Ice King! If you come let us out right now, I'll tell you how to get all the princesses you want!!"

"Finn, you can't do that."

"I know, I'm sorry, it just hurts so much. I don't know if I can make it." Jake then noticed a glimmer, and looked, seeing something on the table outside. "Finn! look over there!"

"What is it?"

They looked closer and saw it was the key to the cell.

"It's the key, isn't it Jake."

"I think so."

"How do we get it?" Finn said with excitement, his bladder lurching painfully in reaction to it. Just then a penguin walked in to the room.

"Where did he come from?"

"I guess he heard me yelling. You! Get that key! Bring it to us.!"

"On the table, right there!"

The penguin did slowly climb on the table, and strolled right to the key, and picked it up. Finn felt another wave of excitement roll over him, making his bladder contract. He lost control again, and felt another leak squirt out of him, re-wetting his underwear. He felt it, gasped in shock, and squeezed his legs together tightly to stop the flow.

"Now bring it here." Jake finished. The penguin looked at the key slowly turning it over in it's grasp, and then threw it out the nearby window. Finn, and Jake looked on with their mouths wide open. "Waa." The penguin said, as it hopped off the table, and left them alone again. Finn squealed in frustration and pain.

"Don't worry Finn, there's more than one way out of here."

"But it has to be soon. I can't hold it much longer Jake."

But the scent of pee wafting from Finn's pants already told him that.

Not long later, and Finn's bladder was a lead weight inside him He was near his breaking point, and knew it. It was the worst he'd ever had to go before in his life. He was crossing his legs tightly now, as hard as he could hoping to hold back the torrent inside of him. He was sweating more than before now, and also was rocking back and forth in his chair. A little bit ago he started breathing heavily in big gulps trying to give himself more strength. Jake watched all this and just couldn't stay quiet any longer.

"Is it really that bad now Finn?"

"Yeah...hurts...so...much..."

Finn then put his head down and started whimpering at the same time. Not knowing what else to do Jake said. "Just hold on, we'll get out of here soon, try thinking of dry things."

"Okay, I'll try."

Finn thought of himself standing in a huge desert somewhere. it didn't work for long though. His bladder once again pulsed agonizingly. It might have worked before, but it was too late for that now.

"Didn't...work,... not...gonna...make...it."

Jake heard the helplessness in Finn's voice and felt sad himself. He wanted to help Finn, but couldn't do anything for him at all. Finn's bladder was roaring with pain for release. It throbbed with every heartbeat, and burned with every second that passed. He felt it beginning to loosen against his will, and realized he was loosing his battle. He crossed his legs, and squeezed with all the strength he had left in him. He bit his lower lip, just trying to hold on a bit longer. No matter how much he tried, he began to feel warm liquid dripping uncontrollably from his crotch. He felt one last squeeze from his bladder, and then he steadily lost all control. Against all his will not to, he felt his bladder relax, and he felt the dripping turn into a river. A loud hissing sound filled the room, and Finn's face turned bright red with shame, as he felt the warmth gush out of him. He felt the liquid quickly soak right through his white briefs, and blue shorts.

Finn was so ashamed of what he was doing, but at the same time it was the greatest relief he'd ever experienced in his life. He couldn't say it didn't feel wonderful. He relaxed the rest of his muscles because there was no point holding it anymore, Finn could only sit there, and helplessly soak himself. Jake instantly smelled what the urine, and could only watch Finn's pants darken. Finn then felt warmth spread under him as the pee pooled beneath him. Finn kept his eyes shut through all this, he didn't want to see what he was doing to himself anymore, he bent his head forward in embarrassment As he did he heard as the puddle under him overflowed and spilled onto the floor. After nearly 20 seconds it was over, but it felt like an eternity to Finn. He was totally humiliated, and started to sniffle and whimper, getting ready to cry.

"I didn't want to pee my pants, but I couldn't hold it anymore."

"It's okay Finn, you couldn't help it, at least it's over now."

"You don't think I'm a baby?"

"Why would I think that, you couldn't help it." Jake then looked down and noticed something.

"Finn! Look!"

Finn slowly opened his red, teary eyes, and saw what Jake was looking at. The puddle that hit the floor had now pooled at the base of a few of the bars, melting them a little. A big smile spread on Finn's face, and he started hopping to the bars with his new plan. He started hopping to the bars, each hop making his pants squish uncomfortably under him. He reached the bars and started kicking. Jake saw where he was going and joined him there. They where both kicking at the weakened bark until one cracked, and soon after shattered. They both flew forward onto the floor outside. They then each grabbed a shard of ice and began sawing at the ropes until they were free.Their bodies ached from being still for so long, and they slowly got to their feet. Finn stood straight and felt his pants dripping down his legs. He looked down remembering what happened. His face turned red again, and he covered them with his hands. Jake put a hand on Finn's shoulder.

"It doesn't matter anymore Finn, let's go."

They walked the halls together looking for anyone at all, calling out, Finn dripping a trail behind them, but the castle was totally empty. They didn't even see the penguin from earlier. Finn then sneezed, and shivered badly, snot running from his nose. Jake put a hand on his head.

"Your'e burning up. I think you caught a cold."

"Great. I guess that's what happens when you wet your pants, and walk around inside a freezing ice castle."

"Come on Finn, let's go home. We need to get those wet clothes off you."

They found their way outside, and the wind blew by, chilling Finn even more.

"We have to get off this mountain, did your powers come back yet?"

"I feel a lot better now. I think so. Let me try."

He then morphed into a copy of one of the chairs they just escaped from.

"No, not that, please turn into something else."

Jake then turned into a sled and said, "Get in."

Finn slowly did and sat down wrapping his arms around himself. Jake grimaced when he felt Finn's soggy butt sit in him, but pushed it away at the next second, only thinking of Finn's health. Jake pushed off, and they started their slide down.

"Jake please don't tell anyone about what happened, or how I got this cold." Finn said groggily.

Jake smiled, "Of course I won't, what are bros for?"

Jake stretched a blanket of himself around Finn, and Finn laid down with a smile on his face. Jake smiled himself when he saw that, and they both continued their slide down the mountain, and toward their home.

