Sonic the Hedgehog: Pure Chaos

Author: Axis

*000*2013-04-01 20:53

This is the story of my most intense adventure. It has never been told, and is only known by those involved. I have split it up into twenty-five chapters, and I will be telling it one chapter at a time. I made sure that the multitudes of omorashi that occured during these events are included in each chapter.

Chapter 1: Eggman Returns

"Whooo!" I yelled, as I broke the sound barrier. My sonic boom echoed throughout the plain, the grass bending beneath the shockwave.

"Having fun down there?" my ear buzzed. It was Tails radioing me from the Flying Fox, an airship that Tails had made into his base of operations. It acted as a sort of mission control. His workshop was also aboard.

I chuckled, then yelled over the roaring wind, "You ought to join me, Tails! Come down from that thing, why don't you?"

"No, thanks. I'm very busy at the moment..." Tails was not, in fact, very busy. He just wanted to stay where there was a toilet nearby. His bladder had been a bit...weak as of late. He had even been wearing diapers, like he was now, in case of a leak. This is why he stayed in the privacy of the Flying Fox. Of course, he wasn't about to admit all of that to me.

"Well, if you want to, you're welcome to join me." I told him. I then got the urge to pee, and so I stopped for a minute and just went where I was. Tails though it was brazen of me, but he decided to keep it to himself. My stream died down after a bit, and I resumed my run.

Then, the sky got dark, and the clouds turned red. I started to slow down, coming to a stop right next to a large cliff. More of the plain was laid out below, but it was covered in the darkness. A large black shape came down through the clouds, intimidating in its size and grandieur. The silhouette took form as a ship I knew all too well: the Egg Carrier. The side of the vessel began to glow, and projected a large screen displaying its creator.

"Eggman!" I called out, angry. What did he have planned this time?

"Ah, Sonic. Lovely day, isn't it? I was in the neighborhood, so I thought I'd drop by for a chat." He laughed, thinking himself funny. "I was just on my way to lay waste to a town. That one, specifically." Eggman pointed towards a far-off town, small and defenseless. I hadn't even noticed it.

"Why would you do that!? I get it, you're evil. But what do you have to gain from killing innocent people."

Eggman replied, coyly, "Well, you don't seem to like the place. And I don't like you. Therefore, I don't like the place. And when I don't like something..." he narrowed his eyes behind his glasses, "I annhilate it."

"Sonic! Get out of there!" Tails yelled into the intercom.

I perked up my ears, hearing a loud whirring sound. Then, I saw the missle. It was headed right for me at breakneck speed. Fortunately, I was a lot faster than that. I waited, then jumped at just the right time, the missle just grazing me. It kept going until a flare from the Flying Fox intercepted and destroyed it, a safe distance from me.

"Gah!" yelled Eggman. "No matter. The city isn't quite as agile as you are. Ciao!" With that, the projection dissipated into the air, and the Egg Carrier's rockets fired up. It turned towards the city and blasted off.

"Sonic! We have to stop him!" said Tails.

"I know." I said. As the Egg Carrier got further away, the sky began to become clear and blue once again. "Well, let's go!" I took a step back, then lept off the edge of the cliff. I dove down toward the ground, my quills whipping in the wind. Over the radio, I heard Tails gasp and scream my name. I decided to mess with him, and pretended to fall asleep in midair. I heard him scream louder, scared out of his mind. At the last second, I opened my eyes and grinned, performing a backflip and landing in a crouched position before blasting off at the speed of sound towards the town.

"...OOOOOONIIIC!" Tails was still screaming, but he stopped when I saw that I was OK. "You...I thought you were gonna die! That wasn't nice very nice. Oh, great. You made me-" he then gasped and clapped his hands, I assumed over his mouth.

"Made you what?" I asked, teasingly. I knew exactly what I made him do. He forgot to turn off the intercom when he was talking to himself about his...predicament...earlier that day. I wasn't going to make him admit it, though. I'm not that cruel.

"Umm...you made me...worried. Yeah, worried." Tails said nervously. I rolled my eyes and smiled, as I approached the city. Eggman had already begun his assault, dropping robots onto it like bombs, just easier for me to destroy. I smirked, this was going to be fun.

Of course, that was before it started to rain.

End Chapter 1

Chapter 2: The Storm coming soon!

*002*2013-04-02 03:00

That depends on what yaoi is...yeah, I'm stupid, I know.

*004*2013-04-02 03:09

No, none of that happened. Sorry:(

*005*2013-04-12 01:11

Chapter 2: Through the Storm

"So...I...'t...ge...hrough...too...uch...inte...rence! Yo...on...your...wn."

Dang! I thought, as I ran full speed towards the city. My quills whipped around behind me like a flurry of blue hair. Of course, being a hedgehog hybrid, I didn't have any real hair. As soon as I reached the city limits, I saw Eggman's robots firing at the citizens. Egg Pawns were everywhere, armed with lances and laser rifles. They were walking around, enforcing Eggman's agenda and eliminating those who resisted. It was a horrible sight. I had to save them. Now. I curled up into a ball, spinning at unimaginable speeds before launching myself at the nearest robot. I crashed into him, my sharp quills ripping him to pieces. I made my way through the city, destroying every bot I came across.

"Son...! Wat...ut!" Tails tried to contact me, but the rain was scrambling his comm signals.

"What was that Tails!? I didn't catch that!" I shouted, dismissing an attacking Egg Pawn with a solid kick to the breast panel. I've got to get up higher, I decided, maybe then he'll be able to reach me. I checked around to make sure there was no more robots in the area and that everyone was safe. I didn't hear anyone call for help among the thanks and cheers I was receiving from those I had saved.

Nevertheless, I kept my ears alert. I wasn't about to let anyone get hurt due to my carelessness. I leaped, spinning in the air, onto an elevated road. From that road I ran up to a building, jumped to it, and ran along the side. Once I picked up enough speed, which didn't take long, I made a sharp turn and began running up the building. I was careful not to step on any windows on my way up, as I didn't want my foot getting stuck or worse, cut up. Running was my life, and I don't know if I could go a single day without it. As I reached the top of the skyscraper, a familiar voice greeted my ears. My left one, at any rate.

"Smart thinking, Sonic! I was able to retriangulate your signal with your increased elevation." Even though he couldn't see my face, I'm sure he knew the dumbfounded look it had on it. "Err, I mean, you're closer to me, so now you'll be able to hear me clearly." There we go.

"Tails, what's up with this storm? It seemed to come out of nowhere."

"I don't know, but all this rain is making me need to pee." I heard him gasp, not intending to have said that out loud.

"I know what you mean, Tails." I replied, doing a little pee dance on the spot. It was mostly to make him feel better, though I did need to go. However, there were more important matters at hand. "So, are there any more badniks down there?"

"It's not a hundred percent, but I'm fairly certain you got them all. This stupid storm is scrambling my equipment, so I may be completely wrong. To make things worse, I lost track of the Egg Caaaaaaaahhh! No!"

"Everything OK up there, Tails?" I got no answer, just a loud static. Wait, that wasn't static. It was too quiet, like a faint hissing. Wait is that...dripping? Oh no, Tails was peeing himself! I heard him moan as the hissing went on for what felt like a minute or two before finally dying down.

"Oh no...Sonic, tell me you didn't hear all that." he sighed.

"Sorry buddy. Like you said, the comm is crystal clear."

"I'm so sorry! I was so busy trying to get the system rebooted I didn't have time to go and the rain was making me have to go worse and...and..."

"Woah, slow down buddy. It's OK, it happens to all of us." As if planned by God himself, my bladder ironically chose that very moment to give up on me. Pee pattered forcefully against my gloves before squelching past my crossed legs, running down my thighs and pooling onto the roof of the skyscraper before getting washed away by the rain. "...see?" I said sheepishly. Tails just laughed, and I couldn't help but join him. As I doubled over with laughter and the forceful emptying of my bladder, I saw a violet sparkle out of the corner of my eye. I walked over to the other side of the roof and found that it was a sparkling gem. Tails stopped laughing.

"That makes two," he whispered,"four more to go."

End Chapter 2

Stay tuned for Chapter 3: Face-off in the Sky

*008*2013-04-14 18:47

Well it did happen. Let me know if there are any inaccuracies, OK?

*010*2013-04-15 02:26

Maybe I should've checked with you before posting this, Tails...

*011*2013-04-25 02:28

Sorry this took so long.

Chapter 3: Face-off in the Sky

Tails and I sat under a large tree. I looked up at the sky, admiring the bright green of the leaves being caressed by the Sun's rays. Tails was looking at his laptop, trying to find a position to sit in so he could work without the glare on his computer screen. I rolled my emerald green eyes, wishing he would put his work down for once and smell the roses. I myself picked up a bright red one.

Suddenly, the rose turned dark, as did everything else. I looked up from the flower and saw that a large part of the plains surrounding our solitary tree was also covered in shadow. I looked over at Tails, who was just happy to finally get some decent shade. I craned my neck upwards, expecting to see a raincloud or some other kind of natural occurrence. However, my eyes were not greeted with such a comfort. The cause of the shade was all too man-made. I leaned over and tapped Tails on the shoulder.

"Sonic, I'm working. What do you need?" Tails said, annoyed.

"You might want to see this." I replied.

"What could possibly-" What he saw cut him off. This was no ordinary occurrence. This was one of Eggman's machines. It took the form of a giant bird, blotting out the Sun with its gigantic wings. It let out a roar worthy of a machine its size. The shriek shook the both of us to our cores. After we recovered, we looked to see where it was headed. Tails analyzed the behemoth's path, and his eyes widened when he saw the results.

"What is it, Tails? Where is it going?" The young fox had no words for me, but instead turned the laptop to show me what he saw.

The metal beast was headed for Station Square.

For those of you who don't know, Station Square is where Tails and I spent a large part of our lives. It was our home, and it was in trouble once again. We looked at each other and nodded. We both knew exactly what to do. The Tornado was lying nearby. We ran over as quickly as we could, and jumped in. Tailsinteracted with a few of the plane's controls before starting it up. The red biplane roared to life as the propeller began to spin. From my usual place on the wing, I steeled myself. This one was large, and looked more powerful than what would we were used to facing, even from Eggman.

In no time at all, the Tornado was in the air. Tails left the throttle wide-open, and we sped at blinding speed towards the robotic beast. With each flap of its wings, a large gust of wind pushed even harder on the already stressed plane. As we approached it, I was able to get a good look. This thing was big. Imagine a 747, but much larger and more sinister. I crouched down, preparing to leap off of the plane. Just as I was about to, a pair of turrets rose up out of the bird's spacious back. Without hesitation, they began firing on the Tornado. I chose that moment to strike.

I leapt off the plane, bullets whizzing past my pointed ears. I landed hard on the back of the machine, the impact reminding me that I hadn't relieved myself before we took off. I wondered if Tails was in a similar situation. However, now was not the time to think of such things. The bird wasn't phased at all as I made my way to one of the turrets. I jumped up, spinning at the same time, and dispatched it with a single homing attack. I dealt with the other one in a similar fashion. No longer being assaulted by gunfire, Tails brought the Tornado behind the bird, firing at the engines. He was sure not to shoot where I was. He would not have been able to live with himself if he shot me, you could be sure of that. It was then that several other turrets rose up all around me. Like the mythical Hydra, it seemed that for every turret I destroyed, another one took its place.

Without warning, one of the engines exploded. It appeared that Tails had completed his mission admirably. The shockwave's impact rocked the entire machine, and the metal bird let out another horrifying shriek. It felt like being in the middle of an earthquake, which was not helping my bladder's status. I felt a drop or two of pee leave my body, and watched it land on the steel floor. I gave my crotch quick grab as I made my way to the base of the bird's neck. From there, I jumped up and dealt a finishing blow to the metallic beast's head.

The great bird fell out of the sky, however, so did I. I felt my feet leave the iron ground, and I found myself tumbling towards the Earth alongside the huge machine at incredible speed. It was at that moment that my bladder had had enough, and relaxed. I couldn't help but smile as its pent-up contents spilled out into the sky, spreading out into all sorts of strange shapes and formations. As I finished, I turned my head to face the bird's. Its deactivated gray eye suddenly glowed red again, and the beast awoke once more.

The machine let out its trademark scream, leaving its mouth open afterwards. From its throat leapt orange flames, singeing the one side of my face as they blew past. I looked up to see Tails coming down at me full speed.

"Sonic!" He yelled, the wind taking his words away as soon as he spoke them. He came up alongside me, reaching his hand out. I grabbed it and he pulled me inside the cockpit. Then, he pulled up, and at the last second too. The metallic beast gave out one last unholy shriek, before plowing into the ground at incredible speeds. Its entire being exploded on impact, spreading robotic parts and pieces as far as the eye could see. We were lucky to get out of there alive. Tails landed the Tornado on a flat nearby plain. He took a full thermos from the cockpit and dumped its dull yellow contents onto the ground.

"What is that?" I asked him, smiling.

"N-nothing, Sonic." He said nervously. "Just some, uh, lemonade."

"Sure it is." I said sarcastically. Tails just blushed as he finished pouring the liquid out. I rolled my eyes, and when I did, I saw a familiar shine out of the corner of my eye. I ran over to the shining object, and picked it up. It was the Chaos Emerald that had been powering the metal behemoth. I snickered as its yellow color reminded me of recent events. This made three. Only four more to go until I could show Eggman my true power.

End Chapter 3.

I hope you like these, I work very hard on them. Coming up next, Chapter 4: The Path to the Fortress.

