Margaret's School for Unruly Girls

Author: Flower

*000*2015-10-09 13:10

Margarets School for Unruly Girls

Ok... this is a story I've had in my head for over 10 years. There are some parts that are obviously not realistic but I ask that you suspend reality for a while and hopefully just enjoy the story and take it for what it is - a fantasy fiction that is just for fun and not to be taken seriously.

After beginning the story it had become rather longer than I intended. I ended up thinking up a back story as to why the main character ends up in a strict boarding school for girls. Enjoy the first chapter! The best bits are yet to come!

###

Chaper 1: The accident

Abigail was fifteen and had recently lost her father, David, from a terminal illness. She had been very close to her father as her mother had died shortly after giving birth to Abigail so it was just the two of them. That was until her father met Ruby five years ago. David and Ruby had three more children together, Thomas, Sally and Sienna, the youngest of whom was only six months old at the time of David's death. Abigail and Ruby had always gotten along fine but Ruby was struggling with the three little ones and the death of her beloved husband so Ruby's mother, Grace, moved in to help with the young ones until Ruby got back on her feet. Grace and Abigail never saw eye to eye and Abigail was frequently locked in her bedroom as punishment since Grace had moved in.

One afternoon Ruby was out with the youngest two children and Grace was having a 'Nanna Nap' as Abigail put it. Abigail was playing hide and seek with four year old Thomas. Abigail was hiding and she could hear Thomas in the hall upstairs counting to twenty so she hid in the cupboard under the stairs. Finally he yelled out "Coming! Ready or not!" and Abigail could hear him running along the upstairs hallway towards the stairs. Then there was a horrible crashing sound and Abigail heard Thomas scream and she emerged from her hiding place just in time to see Thomas falling down the stairs and Grace come out of her bedroom to witness the scene unfolding before her. Thomas lay on the floor with his arm at an unnatural angle, obviously broken. Grace went deathly silent and stared at Abigail. She gritted her teeth and growled at her "call the ambulance" which Abigail quickly did.

Ruby was called and quickly returned home with Sally and Sienna and was able to accompany Thomas in the ambulance. Grace said ahe would organise the children and pack a bag for Thomas before following in the car. Grace was livid and turned on Abigail. "How could you be so stupid! Letting a little boy fall down the stairs and break his arm! You are so lucky it wasn't his neck! It's bad enough that the poor child has lost his father but now he has to go to the same hospital that his father died in! He is going to be terrified"

Abigail stood there in stunned silence, mouth open staring at Grace. "I'll deal with you later" said Grace before taking Abigail by the hand and dragging her to her bedroom and pushing her through the door. Abigail had just enough time to turn and yell "I didn't mean it..." before the door slammed shut and she heard the bolt slide across from the outside, imprisioning her in her bedroom. Abigail went to the berdoom window and looked out as Grace put the two small ones into the car and backed out of the driveway.

Abigail sat on her bed and glanced at the clock. It was three in the afternoon and she knew it would be hours before anyone came home. She looked around her bedroom and took in the surroundings of the room she had once loved so much. Ruby and David had allowed her to decorate the room any way she wanted when they moven in together. They wanted her to feel special as Ruby was ten pregnant with Thomas. Her window looked out over the street and her desk sat under the window. Her single bed was against one wall and her favourite bear sat on the pillows. On the wall opposite the bed were her bookshelf and wardrobe. It was neat and clean and carpeted in cream carpet, the walls a pale yellow and Abigail had put up photographs and posters on all of the walls. The only door was the one leading to the hallway, now locked, and the windows were screened in. Abigail lay down and held her bear close as she cried herself to sleep.

When she awoke it was dark and the house was silent and Abigail needed to pee but she could tell that nobody was home yet. She flicked on her bedside light and looked at the time. Seven fifteen PM. She was stunned that she had slept for four hours. She fidgeted on her bed and began to cry again as her need grew worse. At seven thirty her mobile phone rang. It was Ruby.

"I'm so sorry" balwed Abigail "We were just playing and he tripped. There was nothing I could do!"

"Thomas will be fine" she said. "He needed surgery to set his arm and he is now recovering. I am going to stay the night here with him. Grace will be home shortly with Sally and Sienna"

"Will she be long" Abigail asked "Grace has loced me in my bedroom and I need to go to the bathroom"

"I'll tell her you need the bathroom. I don't think she will be long, it's past the babies bedtime" Ruby replied. Abigail's heart sank as she heard Grace in the background. "If she makes a mess there will be hell to pay!"

Abigail ended her call and sat back on her bed. She looked at the clock, it was now seven fourty five and Abigail knew it was a half hour journey from the hospital. She put her hand in her crotch and looked around her room to try and distract herself. The minues ticked on and the pressure built. Abigail crossed her legs and bounced up and down. She looked around the room for something to pee in but with no luck. She prided herself on being tidy and keeping her room neat so there was not even a stray cup or even a towel to pee into. Her rubbish bin was mesh so that was a no go as well.

Abigail was doing a full on pee pee dance and she felt thr first spurt escaping. She froze in place and could not move. She knew she was about to lose it. Her legs were locked together and she squeezed herself tightly. Finally the strain was too much on her exhausted body and the pee tricked it way out past all of the stops before gushing out of her. It rolled down her legs, over her bare feet and splattered on the carpet. That was when Abigail heard the car pull up in the driveway. The flow continued for a good two minutes before dying down. Abigail could hear Grace coming upstairs as she peed and just as the final drops left her body the door opened.

Chapter 2: Punishment

Grace looked at Abigail and the pee still dripping onto the floor. Abigail said nothing and went bright red.

"The chidlren are asleep. Help me bring them in from the car" Grace said. Abigail followed Grace out to the car, her wet jeans becoming cold in the night air. Abigail unbuckled the just three year old Sally from her carseat and leaned her against her shoulder. Sally stirred in her sleep but did not wake up. Luckily Grace had had the forethought to put the freshly potty trained toddler in a nappy before driving home and Abigail blushed as she felt Sally's nappy become warm as she peed in it, blisfully unaware of her big sisters current predicament.

"Change her and put her to bed" Grace said. "Then fetch two of her nappies and bring them to your bedroom. I will be waiting." Abigail did as she was told. She carried Sally to her room and lay her on the change mat. Sally woke and sleepily asked "Abbie did you do wees in your knickers?"

"Yes" said Abigail "Go back to sleep"

"I thought you was a big girl like me. I just have a nappy on coz Granny knew I'd fall asleep in the car. You shoulda used the potty!"

"I didn't make it" said Abigail as she picked up Sally and lay her in bed. Sally was asleep again as her head hit the pillow. Abigail tucked her in and sighed. She took two nappies from Sally's change table and went up to her bedroom.

Grace was standing in Abigail's room with a scrubbing brush, bucket of water and some carpet cleaner sitting next to the still wet puddle on the floor. Abigail noticed that she was holding a roll of tape and some scissors. Grace told her to put the nappies on her desk. As she did so Abigail noticed two bottles of cold water sitting there as well.

"Clean it up" said Grace "Only when it is clean can you get changed. Do not speak to my unless I tell you to" Abigail set to work and was soon fisished. She stood up, still in her damp jeans, and turned to face Gace. "Take off all of your clothes and lay on the floor." Abigail thought it best to do as she was told adn removed her itchy cold jeans, knickers, tee shirt and bra. As she stripped Grace picked up the two nappies and taped them together. Abigail's heart sank as she realised what was happenning.

"Your sister still wears nappies at night because she wet herself" Grace said "Since you wet yourself like a toddler tonight I shall treat you like one tonight as well" She slipped the taped together nappies under Abigail's bottom and folded up the front. Abigail began to cry as she felt the soft padding encase her in her padded prison. The tabs didn't quite reach so Grace used some more tape to fasten the nappies around Abigails slender waist. "Sit up" commanded Grace. She held out one of the bottles of water "Drink." Abigail managed to drink it easily, not having had anything to drink since before being locked in her bedroom that afternoon. It was now almost eight thirty. Grace handed her one of Sally's nighties and told Abigail to put it on. It was obviously far too short and did not cover her nappy.

"I have spoken to my friend Margaret" Grace said "She runs a strict boarding school for girls out of town. There is a vacancy and tomorrow you will be going there. I cannot trust you around the children so I need you out of my hair. Pack your school bag with your personal belongings. Clothing and school equipment will be provided for you when you get there" Grace turned and headed for the door. "I expect you to be packed up in half an hour. I will be back to check on you and I also expect that other bottle of water to be gone when I return."

Abigail picked up her school backpack and emptied out her books. She felt ridiculous in a nappy and Sally's nightie that might as well have been a shirt. She looked around the room and decided on what to pack. Into her bag went her bear, her favourite book and her phone. She pulled her photos off the wall and added them to the bag as well as her hair brush and hair ties. There was nothing else to take if clothing was provided at the boarding school. Abigail sighed and picked up the second bottle of water and began drinking it. She could already feel the first bottle pooling in her bladder as she drank. Grace obviously intended her to use the nappy but Abigial thought that to be too convienent, there had to be a catch. Grace suddenly appeared in the doorway just as Abigail drained the last few drops.

"Go to sleep" Grace said to Abigail "I am locking you in again. Do not wet that nappy. I will be unlocking the door at eight am and will let you out then. If it is wet you will be wearing another one for your journey to school tomorrow. If it is dry you will get to wear big girl knickers. You are to stay in bed until I unlock your door"

Abigail fell asleep wondering how she would hold her already filling bladder for another ten hours....

Luckily for Abigail she slept soundly until 7.45 the next morning. She woke up absoultely desperate to pee! She squeezed her legs together and held herself as best as she could. The thick nappy prevented her from holding herself though and she coudl not sit still on the bed but she managed to hang on until Grace came to her room. Abigail expected to be allowed to use the toilet but was wrong. Grace opened the door and commanded Abigail not to speak and to lay still on the bed while she checked the state of her nappy. Abigail knew better than to argue with Grace. Grace squeezed her nappy and found it dry. "You may pee" said Grace. Abigail went to hop up and head to the bathroom but Grace stopped her "I said you could pee. Not go to the toilet."

"But.." Abigail said and Grace smacked her cheek sharply "I told you not to speak" said Grace "Pee your nappy, I dont want them to go to waste." Abigail sighed and relaxed her bladder. Grace watched closely as her nappy began to expand and sag as it gained a slight yellow colour. Abigail felt the nappy leak as it could not contain the contents of over twelve hours worth of her bladder. It ran out the leg holes and onto the bed as Grace watched her embarass herself. When she was finished Grace cut the tapes and freed Abigail from the soggy wet nappy. "Get dressed and put your sheets in the washing machine" Grace said "Your ride out to school will be here in half an hour" and that is how Abigail found herself sitting in the back of a strangers car heading out to God-knows-where to a school that she knew nothing about.

*003*2015-10-09 22:09

None of this so far was ever in my original plan. It just came to me last night. I'm glad you are enjoying it! Grace is not meant to be a very likeable character. I haven't actually begin to type up any of my main story that has been in my head for years.

*005*2015-10-10 05:00

Chapter 3: Margaret's School for Unruly Girls

Eventually the car turned in through some cast iron gate in the middle of nowhere and drove up a long driveway and stopped outside the doors to a large manor house. Abigail picked up her bag and followed the driver through the front doors. He pointed at an old fashioned sofa and said "Sit down, the headmistress will be with you shortly" and he disappeared through some doors that were marked 'STAFF ONLY'. Abigail needed to pee so she looked around her for a bathroom but could see no sign of one. Abigail took in her surroundings, she was in a beautiful old fashioned house with a grand staricase of polished wood leading up to another level. There was a corrdoor leading past the steps and Abigail wondered how large this place really was. Soon a tall and slender lady, with her brown hair wrapped neatly in a bun appeared through the STAFF ONLY doors.

She was wearing a smart suit coat, stockings and heels and said "You must be Abigail, I am Margaret Wood, the head of this school. You will address me as Mistress. Please follow me." Abigail did not know what to say so she remained silent and followed Mistress through the staff only doors into a large sitting room where she saw some other ladies sitting, talking, marking papers and drinking coffee. "This must be the teacher's lounge" thought Abigail. Mistress stopped and addressed the other teachers "Excuse me everyone, this is Abigail, she will be joining us today. I hope you will all help her settle in to our rules and routines here." Abigail looked at the other ladies, they seemed friendly looking enough. "Nurse Ella, please come with me" said Margaret and a young lady in a white dress and stocking stood up and accompanied Margaret and Abigail into another room with 'Miss Margaret - Head Teacher' printed in gold on the door.

"Ella, please take Abigail through to your room and set her up for admission. While you are there I will get her uniforms ready." Said Margaret. "Certainly" agreed Ella, "Come with me Abigail." Abigail followed her into the adjoining room, which appeared to be the nurses room. It was equipped with all types of medical parephanaelia that one would expect at a school and Ella poined to a chair for Abigail to sit on.

"Welcome Abigail. Margaret has told me all about you and why you have come to join us. I believe you caused your little brother some nasty injuries."

"No, it was an accident and I didn't do anything" argued Abigail. I was playing with Thomas when he fell down the stairs and broke his arm. I didn't hurt him!"

"If you say so" said Ella "none the less you are here now and I need to prep you for admission." Abigail wondered what she meant by 'prep for admission' and squirmed from the need in her bladder as she watched Nurse Ella arranging some medicines, syringes and a sample cup on a tray and place it on the desk in front of Abigail. "What are you going to do with those?" she asked. Nurse Ella replied "it is standard procedure to do full bloods and take a uring sample on admission to the school here. We need to make sure your vacinations are up to date and I also need to give you a shot that Mistress will explain to you later."

Abigail went pale from fright but was relieved that at least she would be allowed to use a toilet soon to give a sample. "We will do the urine test first. I'm sure you need to go after such a long car journey. Is that right?" asked Nurse Ella. "Yes Miss" replied Abigail. "Come through to the bathroom then. I need to supervise" said Nurse Ella and she picked up the cup and led her to the adjoining bathroom. It was just a room with a toilet and hand basin. There were no partitions. "Surely she isn't going to watch me pee" thought Abigail.

Nurse Ella expained that she needed to observe Abigail as she urinated to guage her capacitity and that it was standard procedure. Nurse Ella placed a container like a potty under the seat of the toilet to collect the urine. "When did you last pass urine?" asked Nurse Ella. "Eight this morning" Replied Abigail. Ella made a note on a form and then asked "Now that it is twelve thirty, On a scale of one to ten, how badly to you need to pass urine now?" WHAT! THought Abigail thats a bit personal. "About a seven...." Abigail replied unsurely. "Oh good so you are in quite a bit of need" said Ella cryptically as she noted something else down.

"Off you go then" Abigail looked from Ella to the toilet and Ella sighed "I have to watch. It's standard procedure. You wont be able to use a toilet for quite a while after this as we need to get your enrollment settled and I go for my lunch break shorlty so this room will be locked." Abigail thought she had better do as she was told and pulled down her jeans and underpants and let a long steady flow out into the container placed in the toilet. Nurse Ella was watching the stream and making notes on her form. When she was done Abigail washed her hands and accompanied Nurse Ella back to the other room.

"Try to relax, I'm good at this" Ella smiled at Abigail when she approached her with the syringe to take a blood sample. Abigail closed her eyes tight as Ella drew the blood. Then Ella said "It's time for a shot as well. Mistress will explain it to you in a moment. All of the girls need to have it regularly. You will need it again. The tests I run on your blood and urine will determine how often you need it. She proceded to inject the liquid into Abigail's arm. "There! All done. Go back through the door to the headmistresses office. I'm sure she will be waiting for you."

Chapter 4: The Rules

Abigil picked up her bag and cautiously pushed open the door to Mistresses office and peeked though. "Come on in Abigail" Mistress said, "Take a seat." Abigail did as she was asked and sat down opposite Mistress. "First I would like you to change into your new uniform" Said Mistress "there is no need to be shy here, you won't be for much longer!" and she handed Abigail a pile of clothes. "Just pop these on for me here." Abigail looked at the clothes and decided that changing in front of a stranger could not be as bad a peeing in front of one. Abigail noticed that underwear and shoes were included in her bundle so she began to change.

The uniform she was given included a white button up shirt with a pale blue and white striped tie, a knee length pale blue pleated skirt, knee high white socks with a pale blue trim at the top, and shiny black bucke up shoes. Plain white knickers and crop top completed the outfit. Abigail placed her clothes that she took off into her backpack and turned to face Mistress who said to her "the girls are required to wear their hair in two plaits normally but you can do that as of tomorrow. Have you brought your own hair ties?" Abigail said she had. "Lovely." said Mistress, "Now let's go over the rules." and she handed Abigail a piece of paper.

Margaret's School for Unruly Girls - Daily Routine and Rules

1. Girls are to wear prescribed uniforms at all times. This included underwear, shoes and nightwear.

2. Girls are expected to awake at 6.30 am and be at breakfast in their day uniforms at 7 am sharp.

3. Girls may use the lavatory facilities at 7.30 am and be at their first lesson at 8 am (timetables will be provided for classes) Water bottles are to be carried at all times and the girls are encouraged to drink water throgughout the day.

4. Girls have a short 15 minute snack break at 10.30. Suitable snacks will be provided by the teacher at that time. Girls are not permitted to leave the classroom for any purpose during snack break

5. Girls will have ONE HOUR ONLY between 1pm and 2pm to use the lavatory and eat lunch at the cafeteria.

6. Classes will end at 4pm when girls will be dismissed to the dormitory area for free time and study until 6pm. The lavatory will open at 6pm and stay open for a HALF HOUR ONLY

7. Dinner is at 6.30 pm and lights out is at 9pm. There is no access to lavatories after lights out

Lavatory Procedures

Lavatories will only be unlocked at the above mentioned times. They are not available for student use at ANY OTHER TIME

Girls are to quietly wait outside the lavatory for it to be unlocked and then proceed quietly through

There is to be no talking in the lavatories

If girls have toileting accicents there will be consequences as outlined below

Toileting Consequences

If a toileting accidet occurs the offending girl will surrender her skirt to the teacher in which whose class she disgraced herself in. The offending girl will go without her skirt for the rest of the day (until bedtime) and she will also NOT be permitted to use the lavaroties at the next opening. For example: a girl has a toileting accident at 10 am, she surrenderers her skirt to the teacher and is denied access to the lavatory at 1pm. Access will be granted again at 6pm.

If the same child has another toileting accident on the same day she is to present helself to the teacher in which whose class she disgraced herself for a spanking. The teacher will decided whether the girl will be spanked with or without knickers on.

After two lavatory accidents in one day there are no further lavatory prielidges available for the girl and a spanking will occur after each trangresstion. The following day will return to normal.

Abigail read the rules in shock. She was only allowed to pee three times a day! But still needed to drink lots of water. This was not fair at all!

"These rules and procedures are to instill discipline in all things" explained Mistress "Lavatory visits are a privelidge here. If you can't control yourself you will just have to urintate in your knickers and socks. Do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress" said Abigail.

"Good" Said Mistress, "It is nearly one o'clock so I will escort you to the cafeteria for lunch and find your dormitory buddy. Leave your bag here. I will take it up to your room for you shortly."

*007*2015-10-10 06:41

Last bit for today

Chapter 5: Introductions

"Before we go I need to tell you about the injection you recieved earlier" Margaret said "It is a new drug developed specifically for me. It prevents the body from producing solid waste. As you saw in the rules, lavotory visits are a privelidge, not a right and we dont want to deal with messes here. All of your bodily waste will now be converted to urine, as long as you are under the influence of the drug you will not need to pass a bowel movment. This of course makes you produce more urine than you are currently so you will need to adjust to that." Abigail stood there in stunned silence, how was this possible but before she had the chance to ask any questions Mistress announced "Come on, I want to go find Sarah before she has lunch or uses the lavatory. Your bed will be next to hers"

Abigail followed Mistress out of the office and along the corridor. As they walked along it the classroom doors opened and girls began emerging. Abigail was shocked to see that there were some girls not wearing skirts! Then she remembered the rules. Those girls had obviously had an accident and surrendered their skirts. On second glance abigail noticed that a few of the girls without skirts were in noticibly wet knickers and socks. All of the other girls appeared desperate and were fidgeting or openly holding themselves as they walked along, happily chatting like this was a normal occurrence.

Abigail and Mistress approacked a group of girls who fell silent as they approached. One of the girls was wearing no skirt and was still wet. "Oh Sarah what a disapointment" said Mistress "I had thought you would be able to control yourself today since you knew you would be showing around a newcomer. When did you disgrace yourself?"

"Only a few minutes ago Mistress, I just couldnt wait any longer. It was my first time today though, I can control myself until bedtime. Sorry Mistress." Mistress left Abigail with the skirtless wet girl and asked that she show her around.

The wet girl turned and smiled at Abigail and said "I'm Sarah, you will be taking the empty bed beside mine. Sorry you had to meet me while I'm in disgrace. Now I have to wait until bedtime. These are my friends Sophie and Claire. Do you need to use the lavaroty now or wait till after lunch. I'm not allowed to go this visit but one of these girls can show you where to go."

"I'll go after I eat" said Abigail, who was now feeling hungry. Sophie was holding her crotch and Claire was crossing her legs and bouncing. Sophie looked down the hall and said "The pee room is open! We will meet you in the cafeteria!" and hurried off with Claire.

Sarah led the way to the cafeteria and the girls joined the line. Abigail and Sarah each took a tray from the pile and a bottle of water from beside them. "Unfortunatly the needle makes you need to pee more and we need to dring more water to stop from getting sick" explained Sarah "There are taps in each classroom so we can keep our water bottles topped up between meals too. I wet myself today though... Its not too bad though and I do need to try to control myself better."

Abigail just nodded and took her water and food and followed Sarah to a table. They were soon joined by Sophie and Claire who looked much more relieved after their visit to the lavatory. "Miss Pike was on duty in the pee room" said Claire "Poor Emily was in line ahead of me and didn't quite make it, she got a very hard bare bottom spanking. She was in tears when Miss Pike was through with her." Abigail looked shocked and Claire continued "If you ever get toilet privelediges taken off you for the day don't pee yourelf in Miss Pike's class..."

"Yes" agreed Sarah, "You will soon learn which techers are harder than others. Miss Lilly is lovely though, if you pee in her class she only gives you one slap and always lets you keep your knickers on. Lucky we have her this afternoon, I don't know how much longer I can wait."

"You told Mistress you could wait till bedtime though" said Abigail. "Of course I did" said Sarah, "What else would I say to her. She wouldn't care anyway. I'm pretty sure they spike the water here to make us need to go more. They say its so we stay healthy but I'm pretty sure it's just to torture us" Abigail had been drinking from her water bottle looked at it and had to agree, she was already feeling a slight need. The girls finished their lunch and Sarah suggested to Abigail that she should go pee before classes. Abigail did not want to wet herself on her first day so she agreed. Sarah led the way to the lavatory and Miss Pike stopped her at the door "You're still wet Sarah, you are not going in now" she glanced at an ipad in her hand "you are on the bloced list for the lavatory until bedtime"

"Yes Miss Pike" said Sarah "I'm just showing Abigail where the facilities are. It's her first day" Miss Pike let Abigail through the doors and said "You are just in time. I'll be locking the door when you are done."

Abigail stepped through the door and was shocked. She had expected to see a bathroom with toilets and stalls but this was like no other bathroom she had ever been in. She looked around and saw that there were no toilets but only troughs in the floor. She was wondering what to do when a girl who looked a little younger than her burst in through the door "Thank God! Just in time!" the girl yelled. She lifted up her skirt, pulled her knickers aside and put one foot on either side of the trough and started peeing. Abigail just watched in stunned silence while the other girl peed so openly.

Then Miss Pike entered the room and told her to hurry up and pee or wait till bedtime. Abigail gingerly pulled down her knickers and removed them completly just to be sure. She glanced around at Miss Pike, who was watching impaitently, squatted down and tried to pee. Nothing happened. She just froze and couldn't let go in such an unfamiliar situation. "Hurry up!" snapped Miss Pike but Abigail's body just wouldn't cooperate. "I can't!" she said "Can you please not watch?" Miss Pike got angry and yelled "No! Time is up now anyway. Get out of the lavaroty now. I won't spank you because it is your first day here but be warned girl!" Abigail hurredly put on her pants and went to meet Sarah who was waiting outside. She told Sarah what had happened "thats rotten luck" Sarah said "you will just need to wait until bedtime. At least if you wet yourelf you won't get a spanking yet. Come on, we have to go to English with Miss Lilly."

Abigail and Sarah entered a classroom just as the bell to begin lessons began. Sarah introduced Abigail and they sat down together in the front row. Sarah was jiggling a bit and had her legs squeezed together. Miss Lilly began the lesson on Romeo and Juliette by asking for some student's to read aloud from the book. Sarah was chosen and stood at the front of the class with some others as they took turns reading. Sarah was clearly becoming more and more desperate, crossing her legs and holding herself through her knickers. Since she had no skirt on Abigail could clearly see her fingers pushing up against her pee hole as she danced on the spot while reading from the book. Suddenly Sarah stopped reading and gasped as a small trickle emerged from under Sarah's hand and it rolled down one leg and onto the floor.

"Careful Sarah" said Miss Lilly as she noticed the small trickle leave the student "keep reading." Sarah continued reading, pressing harder with her hand until she finished with the scene. Miss Lilly asked the students to return to their seats but Sarah didn't move. She just stood stock still, legs crossed with her hand jammed over her pee hole.

"Come on Sarah" said Miss Lilly "Go to your seat, child" Sarah took one step and lost control, peeing down her legs. Abigail watched in shock as the pee travelled down into her socks and shoes and puddled onto the floor. Miss Lilly siged "I haven't had to spank anyone today Sarah. Clean up the floor and bend over the desk. Everone else, turn to page 30 and begin answering the questions on the play." Abigail watched as Sarah collected some paper towels and efficently cleaned up her puddle. She put the towels in the bin and bent over Miss Lilly's desk. Miss Lilly looked at the girl's wet pants, picked up a wooden ruler and slapped Sarah sharply across the bottom. Sarah stood and returned to her seat and continued working.

Not long after Abigail could hear a dripping sound like running water and Miss Lilly stood up and said "Who was that!" Claire stood up from a few rows behing and Abigail could see her skirt was soaked and a puddle under the floor. "Clean up Claire then give me your skirt. You have just lost your bedtime lavatory priveledge" As Claire cleaned up Mill Lilly picked up an ipad and entered something onto it. Claire gave Miss Lilly her skirt and returned to work. Abigail could feel her own need growing stronger and she crossed her legs toghether. She looked at the clock, it was almost four oclock and she wondered if she could hang on until 6pm.

*011*2015-10-11 11:31

Thanks for the feedback =) the weird formatting and grammar is because I don't actually have Microsoft Word on my computer... Writing it up on notepad doesn't quite cut it lol

*016*2016-03-27 07:50

I thought I'd revive thins story haha.. Unfortunately I had to change the hard drive in my computer so I have lost the origunal. I will be typing it on my phone from here on in so appologies for and phone related errors.

###

Abigail managed to make it through the whole of the double english lesson and at four o'clock Miss Lilly dismissed them and gave them their homework assignment. Abigail packed up the notebook and pens she had been given as well as her class set copy of Romeo and Juliet and followed Sarah out of the classroom. Abigail's need do pee was increasing and she was glad to be moving about. Sarah led the way to their dorm room that they would share together. In the room there were two single beds and Abigail noticed her backpack and a bundle of clothes and school supplies sitting on one.

"here we go" said Sarah as Abigail looked around the room. As well as the beds there were two desks and a cupboard and a bin sat by the door. The floors were hard and a roll of paper towel hung on the wall above the bin. Sarah saw Abigail looking at the paper towel and said "yep. That's for when we pee ourselves. They don't really expect us to be able to hold it." Sarah then explained if they wet while in the dorms they had to report to the dorm mistress to receive the concenquences. Abigail really need to pee now and had to wait until the lavatories opened after dinner. She decided to pack away her things while she waited to take her mind off it and Sarah started her homework.

First Abigail looked through her new school clothes. They were exactly the same as what she was wearing so she put them away in the cupboard. Then she found her nightie. It was knee length and pale blue with lace at the hem. Abigail looked at the frilly thing in disgust. She normally wore a singlet and shorts to bed. She sighed and placed it at the foot of her bed to wait for bed time.

An increase in her urge to pee made Abigail jump up straight and her hand flew to her crotch. Sarah looked up from her homework and said "dinner is still half an hour away. You can go pee after that. Try to hold on." Abigail really did try but she knew there was no way she could wait another half hour. She jiggled around the room pee dancing to try to hold it in.

After only 15 minutes Abigail knew she had lost the fight. A tiny trickle of pee escaped her and she raised he skirt to press desperately straight against her pussy. She crossed her legs tightly and was bent over in desperation just as the dorm mistress came in to see how she was settling in.

*017*2016-03-27 08:14

Abigail turned bright red and looked at the lady standing in the doorway. Abigail could feel tiny trickles of pee squirting out from under her tightly clenched hand. They splattered on the floor and Sarah turned around and took in the sight. The dorm mistress said nothing and just watched as abigail's body gave up on her. The tiny trickles of pee quickly turned into a torrent and Abigail began to cry in shame at peeing her pants in front of a stranger and her new form mate.

When Abigail had finished peeing her knickers, socks and shoes were drenched. Finally as she looked up the dorm mistress spoke. "I just came to see how you are settling in... I see you need to work on your control a bit more. Never mind you will get there. Give me your skirt and clean up the puddle." Abigail handed over her skirt silently and proceeded to clean up the puddle as the dorm mistress left the room.

"never mind" said Sarah "if you're going to pee yourself the best time to do it is just before a toilet opening because then that's the one you miss and can go pee normally next time. I can't go to the toilets any more today either so I'll have to pee myself too at some stage." then Sarah leaned in closely and whispered "if you're sneaky you can pee in the showers. Just don't get caught! We can shower just before going to bed each night."

Abigail just took in all of this information. She was empty anally exhausted after such a strenuous day but she still had to go have dinner. And she had lost her skirt so had to go in her knickers. She wiped down her legs and shoes. She decided to put dry knickers and socks on for the journey across the school to the dining room.

Sarah and Abigail walked silently to the dining room and lined up to receive their food and drinks. The food was nice enough and Abigail sat and listened as Sarah talked to her friends without joining in.

Sarah and Abigail headed back up to the dorm rooms and gathered their shower things. "I hope we can get in first I'm busting for a pee" Sarah quietly said to Abigail. Luckily for Sarah they were among the first group of girls in the communal shower room that was next to the lavatory room. There were six showers lined up against the back walls with nothing dividing them. Abigail and Sarah out their things on the bench and Sarah quickly stripped and ran under one of the showers. Abigail presumed she was peeing and soon enough she could smell it. Sarah quickly started soaping up to cover the smell before the dorm mistress came in and noticed anything.

Abigail reluctantly removed all her clothes and showered. It felt nice to wash away the stale pee from earlier.. She finished and dried off, putting on her hideous mightier and she and Sarah headed off to bed.

