Charlie's letters

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-09-25 07:54

Okay, not my best work here, just trying something a bit different. I'm not sure it really worked out very well, but it contains:

Death

Wet pants by mother and daughter 14 years old

No sex, not sexy descriptions

Story told from 14 year old's perspective.

14th Year 3rd Month 27th day

Dear Diary,

Things have not been the same since my youngest sister, Emma died. She was the life of the family, the center of attention, and the main reason that my happy little family had stayed together. My name is Charlie by the way, short for Charlotte. I have dark blond with some red in my hair, green emerald eyes, and a very sad story.

So, about three days ago, my sister, Emma, was going to her friend's house for the night, and she only lived like half a block down the road. Emma was so proud of being seven years old, and she insisted that she could ride her bicycle all by herself just that short distance. What did I care? It was late Friday afternoon, and I was in my room preparing for a school social that we sometimes had. It was one of the things that the school did so that students didn't think of school as just a jail house.

Anyway, I digress. You see, I was up in my room looking through my best dresses, trying to find the perfect thing that would follow school rules but would also look attractive so the cute boys would notice me. You know it is when you have a chance to really show off what you have, and if you don't, then you cannot show your face to the school for a week? Well, I had just settled on a blue dress that covered just below my collar bone and in back, came down to my shoulders. It wasn't that revealing. But that's when the dreaded knock at the door came.

I felt a chill even before mom finally opened the door, and I came out of my room to see what was going on. Mom didn't even put on her shoes, but ran straight out the door. I had never known her to run straight out the door before. There was a police officer standing by the door, and of course, I ran out there too, in my bare feet to see what was happening. Do you know what we saw?

Even now, as I recall, a lingering tear burns down the side of my face. I have to write this, and it feels so wrong, to remember it. But I saw the small brown hatchback, rolled on its side, the front end that was on the ground, was smashing my sister's chest, and her bike was thrown up the street nearly a block from the impact.

The side of my sister's head was literally ground into the pavement of the road, her head bleeding badly and something stuck through her chest impaled straight through her back. There she was, dying, still gasping for air, and mom was holding her head the best she could, wanting cradle her, and not able to move the car for fear of what would happen if she did.

I was in my nice blue dress, but no socks, and the ambulance came. I don't even remember what had happened from one point to the next, but next thing I knew, there was a soft warmth in my panties, but I ignored it. Then it started to push a bit more, and it wasn't until I started to feel my bottom getting wet that I realized what I was doing. I closed my legs immediately trying to stop the rest of the urine from escaping. I was scared. My sister was breathing as though life was slipping away. Mom and I rode in the ambulance with her, and I don't know if they even noticed that I was peeing or not.

They rushed her through the emergency doors, while my mother grabbed me and pulled me into her lap, wringing her hands as I sat there, too scared to think of anything but Emma. I didn't tell my mom that I had to pee, and she didn't seem to notice yet that my panties were wet. Maybe the dress was hiding it, I don't know, but I sat there on her lap as she she rubbed my back, and we both started to cry.

The muscles within my body were growing tired as we seemed to be here ages, and after the pangs of holding for so long intensified so that it was nearly impossible to sit still, mommy still didn't realize I need the bathroom. She just help me tighter as I started to wiggle. I think she thought I was just getting scared or something. I don't know.

We looked at each other, the clock, and then at each other, and we cried and he were quiet and we waited as forever passed us by. Then, slowly, I felt a familiar warmth starting to dampen my panties again, but I was so depressed and scared and worried, and even if I wanted up, mom was holding on to me as thought Emma's life depended on it. I couldn't leave her lap without breaking the safe feeling bond of care we had, and I tried to wait.

Slowly the pee started to form a very thin snake-like river filling up my panties and then leaking down first my left leg, then my right. Even as the warmth seemed to spread about my bottom, mommy noticed nothing, and soon I was all wet. But mom still hadn't noticed as she held me and rocked me. Why didn't she even notice that I had peed my pants, I don't know, but we held on to each other until the doctors told us we could go to Emma's room, but by then, there was nothing to do but say goodbye. She was already gone.

Mom's pants were soaked, and then when I realized that my pee and where she was wet at, I realized that she didn't notice because she had done exactly the same thing. How could that be? I didn't question it though. I knew that mommy was nervous and she only wanted to see her Emma, so I knew that she had felt exactly as I did. Nothing was important until we knew what would happen to Emma. These are my new letters to you, Emma. I hope you will understand and we can still talk like sisters though I know you are gone.

*004*2011-09-26 14:01

Going to rewrite this one. It was not well done.

