Pokémon and Mixels one shots

Author: Lugia

*000*2015-02-12 08:03

It's simple: post which Pokémon or Mixel you want to see, how their desperation begins (optional), how their desperation progresses (being forced to wait in a line, can't find a bathroom, etc), and how their desperation ends.

Please note: I will not do any anthro characters.

Note 2: for Pokémon I can either set it in the mystery dungeon world or not.

*003*2015-02-14 00:02

Okay. These will be shorter then the other stories I've written so I don't know if they'll turn out as well. Also I just a The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D today so don't worry if I don't worry if they're not posted until after a couple day or so because I'll be preoccupied with the game for a bit.

*004*2015-02-14 04:56

{{: 

A ninetails would be neat. The reason for her desperation would be that she is camping and slept in. She doesn't want go in the woods cause she's shy and wants to go at home. she'd have to walk home trying to hold it and try to be discrete as there are other 'mons playing around in the forest. In the end she can't hold it and goes on a tree. Forest wettings are one of my favorite scenarios.

}}

Okay for the "relief" scene I've come up with 2 ways in which it plays out. In the first one she backs up until her rear is one or two inches from the tree then squats down. In the second one she props herself up against the tree so that she's standing on her hind legs with her underside (belly, chest, etc.) facing the tree and goes that way. Pick which one you like better and that's the one I'll use.

*006*2015-02-14 15:32

{{: 

I think that the second option, the one where she is straddling the tree is a lot sexier. I can't wait for the story as you always do such a fantastic job, keep up the amazing fiction. :)

}}

K. And thanks.

*007*2015-02-14 19:19

Here's the first story:

My name is Nona the Ninetales.

I had spent the weekend camping and was going to go home the next day. I had went camping at the campsite deep within Forever Forest, a forest so big it appears to go on forever. It wasn't far enough away from my house that it would take a few days to get back, but it would still take a whole day to get back.

I wanted to get back home before it got dark so I went to bed early. I woke the next morning and the first thing that greeted me was a powerful jolt in my bladder. It was then that I realized that I forgot to go last night before I went to sleep. I quickly got up so I could head to the spot I had prepared as a makeshift bathroom, and pee. But as soon as I left the tent I completely forgot about my need as I saw that I had woken up several hours later then I had planned.

I quickly packed everything up to make up for lost time. Once everything was packed into the backpack I was now wearing I ran down the trail leading to and from the campsites and headed home. After I was a good distance away I came across a river and completely stopped as the aching pressure on my bladder returned. The river reminded me that I forgot to go earlier. Then I realized just how badly I needed to pee. Much worse then at the campsite.

This wasn't an area where I could set up a makeshift bathroom like I did at the campsite and I didn't want to hide behind something because someone could see me and I didn't want anyone to know what I was doing. Plus I hated going in the woods which is why I made the makeshift bathroom. So I to wait until I got home.

Further down the road I felt a wave of desperation. I was about to bend down and cross my legs when I saw 2 other pokemon walking in my direction. So instead I made myself look like nothing was wrong and controlled my bladder through shear willpower which was hard to do. Eventually the wave passed and I continued walking.

"I hope I make it home in time"

By the time I reached the last quarter of the trail my bladder was full and I was extremely uncomfortable. I wanted so badly to be able to cross my legs and jam my paw between them but I came across other Pokémon so often that I wasn't able to so had to use willpower alone. I wasn't able stop myself from squirming slightly or keep my tails from twitching from the desperation though.

Eventually I reached an area where there was no one els but I didn't want to take any chances so I continued to hold it in with willpower alone. Later on however a huge wave of desperation, more powerful than all of the previous ones, forced me to bend over, cross my legs, and grab myself. Even though I stayed in control several drops of urine escaped. I knew then that I couldn't hold it in any longer. So I started to think of what to do but in the end there was only one solution.

"O-oh. I don't want t-to d-d-do this b-but I-I h-have to"

As soon as the wave passed I immediately ran to a tree that I hoped was far enough away from the path that anyone walking down it wouldn't be able to see me.

As soon as I reached the tree I quickly grabbed and propped myself up against it so I was standing on my hind legs and my underside was only a few inches from the surface of the tree. I then relaxed myself and peed.

I let out a huge sigh of relief as all of the liquid left my body. I felt a huge amount of relief as my pee poured out of my bladder with force in a yellow stream and hit the tree in front of me. It felt so good to finally let it all out and have the aching pressure on my bladder disappear. I emptied my bladder for a little over two minutes before the stream died down into a trickle and then stopped.

As soon as I finished emptying my bladder I got down off the tree and back on all four of my feet being careful not to step in the large puddle of urine I had created.

"Arceus I feel so much better!"

I then continued home.

I guess these will be longer than I thought. And in case any of you are wondering, nona means nine.

*009*2015-02-15 06:34

{{: 

Wow. This is great! Thanks for taking my request <3

}}

NP

*011*2015-02-15 17:44

{{: 

Another one-

How about a vulpix at a giant public picnic with her other eevee evolutions that drinks too much (because it's a picnic) and gets desperate. But she dosent want to be rude and leave. When she realizes it's urgent she looks for one, but she can't find one. After a while she finds one, but is too desperate and wets herself on the way there

}}

Okay.

*013*2015-02-16 03:52

{{: 

Just making sure you didn't miss this one

}}

I didn't. I said earlier that I got The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D and will probably be focusing on that most of the time. Plus I have to wait for something I can use in the story to come to me.

*015*2015-02-16 16:38

{{: 

Ok sorry

}}

It's fine.

*017*2015-02-24 06:10

{{: 

How about a luxio who is at a carnival and gets desperate waits till the last minute to go but finds that there's a line at the porta-potties and has to wait, but then he wets himself

}}

Speak of the Devil and he doth appear:

My name is Lite, I am a Luxio and this is my story.

I was enjoying the day a the carnival and had finished a large drink that went straight to my Bladder. I passed by some port-o-pottys but even though I needed to pee kinda bad I decided to wait until after I played some games. I didn't have to go that bad yet and I knew I could hold it.

While I was looking around the carnival games felt a small wave of desperation. I had to go bad now but I was certain that I could hold it. So I ignored it. I came across a game where have to hit small targets with darts. I did really well until I felt another wave of desperation that caused me to miss the last target.

It had been about an hour since I first felt the pressure on my bladder. I had to pee really bad now but I told myself that I could hold it. I was just having too much fun to stop and go to the bathroom.

I decided to try a shooting game next. I did pretty well but waves of desperation caused me to miss several shots. While searching for another game I felt a strong wave of desperation that caused a stream of urine to escape me.

"I can't hold it anymore! I need to pee now!"

I ran off to find a port-o-potty doing everything I could to keep the floodgates closed the entire time.

About half an hour later my bladder was full, my back legs were crossed as tight as possible, and my paw was firmly jammed between them.

I finally found a port-o-potty but unfortunately there was a line of about ten Pokémon outside it. I was about to go search for another one but my aching bladder told me I didn't have enough time so I got in line praying to Arceus that I would make it to the front of the line and into the port-o-potty.

As I waited in line the aching pressure on my bladder became worse with each minute that passed. About a quarter of the way through the line my bladder was almost completely full and the pain was intense. The only thing I wanted was to relieve myself. To get rid of the aching pressure in my bladder and just let it all out. But unfortunately I couldn't. When I was halfway through the line my bladder was completely full and I had started potty dancing. The aching pressure in my bladder was unbearable but I endured.

When there were only three Pokémon left in front of me I was at my limit and I kept leaking drops of urine. I was so close that I couldn't let myself lose now.

A wave of desperation caused several drops to leak out. I continued to do everything I could to prevent my pee from escaping but I knew it was already too late.

"And I was so close to"

Warm yellow pee made it's way past my paw and cascaded down my legs before reaching the ground creating a puddle around my feet. Pee gushed out of me as my bladder continued to empty itself of all the fluid that it was carrying. The puddle around my feet grew larger as my bladder continued to be emptied. I just stared at the ground the whole time with tears running down my face.

My bladder emptied itself for around two minutes before the flow of urine finally stopped. My pee had created a puddle that completely surrounded me. When I finally looked up I saw a bunch of Pokémon staring at me with shocked expressions on their faces. I ran away crying before any of them had a chance to say anything.

*019*2015-02-25 23:36

Thanks

*022*2015-02-26 19:56

{{: 

This story idea is pretty long-

(Btw I'm stealing the poke speak from Alexxx's story. If he reads this I hope you don't mind (: )

So a trainer is walking his pokemon team. This consists of a pikachu (male) pidgeotto (male) arcanine (female) ninetails (female) and a luxio (male). After a while 1 by 1 the pokemon start getting desperate and telling the trainer so they run back to his house. He has a bathroom but none of them know how to use it. So they look around his house and they find a small potted plant. By this time all the pokemon are bursting. But, if 1 pokemon pees in the plant, it'll already be basically overflowing. So he has to decide what to do. I'll let you decide how it ends ;)

You can hold off on this one and all the other ones I've requested until you finish the long one.

}}

I might take you up on that last suggestion since it might take me a while to write it. But I do have some things in mind already. There's going to be a bit of POV switching. And I might go with different relief scenarios and maybe go with the same one with more than one of them. But I'd still have more work then just figuring all that out.

*024*2015-02-26 22:25

{{: 

Ok one request though. At least 1 wetting plz :)

}}

I planned on doing that anyway.

