Cassie and David: The Revenge

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-12-30 13:57

Soon after, Cassie’s cousin Katy arranged to take David and Cassie for an evening. It was a Friday night, and as the two ten year olds climbed into the car, Katy confided that she was going to get her revenge on Wendy. Their next stop was to pick up Wendy. She had blond hair and brown eyes, and was wearing faded jeans and an orange T-shirt. Wendy was 14. They ate at McDonald’s. It was Katy’s treat and she made sure to order a large pop for Wendy. After they finished, Katy said, "Everyone ready to go?"

"Uh, I should go to..." Wendy began, but was cut off by Katy. "Let’s go then!" she said.

They all piled into the car and went to the mall. When they got out of the car, Wendy said, "Guys, I’m going to go..."

"Let’s get shopping!" said Katy, cutting her off again. The four of them began going from store to store.

David soon noticed that every time they stopped to look at something, Wendy would cross her legs. After another half-hour, she began wriggling her right knee forward and back. "I’ll be right back, you guys, I have to pee." Wendy said.

"Wait," said Katy, "I want you to help me choose clothes."  "Just, please, hurry up - it’s not funny!" Wendy added as Cassie and David giggled. Katy dragged Wendy through several clothing stores, pretending to be interested in a number of items. "C’mon Katy, hurry up, I really have to pee!" groaned Wendy, who was swaying from side to side. Katy looked at her watch, "Oh No! I didn‘t realize how late it is", she said, "I promised Mom I would pick up her prescription, and they’re about to close. We have to hurry!" lied Katy.

"But-but-I have to pee so bad!" Can’t I use the bathroom first?" pleaded Wendy. "We don’t have time - just hold it," said Katy. She dragged Wendy through the mall and toward the car, Cassie and David trailing after them. Wendy sat in the front seat. She had her legs crossed tightly and was tapping them up and down. "Oh! I have-th-to pee-th-so bad," moaned Wendy. Katy drove around, stalling for as long as she could. "Oh! Oh!" Th-Seriously, you guys-th-I’m going to pee myself if you don’t hurry up!" Wendy started rocking forward and back in her seat. Katy pulled up to the pharmacy - it already closed.

"Oh No!" Th-Now-th what am-th-I going-th-to do? Oh! I-th-can’t-th-hold it-much longer!" moaned Wendy. "Oh! Oh! Oh! I have to get out!" screeched Wendy. Clawing frantically at the door, she managed to open it. She scurried out, stood up, and quickly rammed both hands into her crotch. "Oh No! Oh No! I’m going to pee myself." Wendy wriggled her legs frantically trying to control her pee. Suddenly, she let out an ear-piercing shriek. "I’M PEEING MYSELF!" She froze as pee poured down the legs of her jeans. Dark streaks formed in the denim. Wendy stood stunned as her pee poured out of her for over a minute. Finally, the stream slowed, then stopped.

Katy, Cassie, and David started cheering. Wendy glared at them. "Wendy," said Katy, "this was payback for the night you wouldn’t let me off the phone and I ended up peeing myself!"

"Payback!? You think I kept you on the phone on purpose!? Take me home right now!" demanded Wendy. "I can’t believe you made me pee myself!" Katy drove to Wendy’s house. "Will you be in trouble?" asked David, after Wendy went inside. "No," said Katy, "Wendy is too embarrassed to tell anyone she peed herself. She won’t do anything." Katy dropped Cassie and David off at home. What a night it had been!

