The Fourth Grade Teacher:

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-10-28 13:37

He was a first year teacher, and was quite excited at having his own class finally. He had set up the desks just he way he wanted them, had chosen appropriate books, put their textbooks already on their desks by number so that the passing out wouldn't be another tempting point for clever students to pull pranks and stunts on the new teacher. He thought he was ready!

At this school, it seemed that no one would come straight to the classroom, but rather, the new first year teacher had to go down to meet his students all standing in a line next to three otherlines of fourth graders and three lines on the other side of his class of fifth graders.

He walked with the fourth grade teachers, nervous about going down first or last because eitherway, it might not look professional. He couldn't help notice how obviously short the fourth grade lines were compared to the fourth grade groups, and he had been told before that this group of fourth graders were so far behind grade level that they had five fourth grade rooms, though he didn't know where the fifth room for fourth graders was.

Directly in front of him, stood a rather big kid with blond hair in a fun t-shirt sporting Pikachu. The boy was quite big, and probably a product of new age parenting along with the age of microwaves and fast foods. He smiled brightly as he looked around and seemed quite a cheerful boy.

The teacher, however, barely noticed that he was looking up at his new teacher because he was too busy watching the other teachers to get a hint about when he should lead his new class to their room. This was really his first class. All he was, was now on the line. He had to control his hyper heart and try to show some leadership for his class though he really wasn't certain in what he was doing.

How could he have such a small group of students in his very first year. Was this luck, or was there something sinister about these little kids besides their lack of academic skill that he had to worry about? He really wasn't sure what was going to happy, but when it was time to lead his class up, and he had them sitting in the desks that had their names taped at the top left corner, he started to let his students know where they would all stand.

He had a traffic light drawn on the blackboard, and the yellow signal was colored in. He looked around his class of ten girls and eight boys, and he asked them. "What do you think of, when you think of yellow as a direction sign?"

The boys and girls looked at each other and with confusion on their faces, looked back up at him. Had he used vocabulary that was too difficult, or was it just that he was a bit fuzzy or unclear? He thought about his question.

"When you approach a yellow light in traffic, what do you usually do?"

The students looked around at each other again, and then three hands went up.

"Yes..." he consulted his seating chart that he had made in order to try to learn the student names. "Paige!"

"When my dad sees a yellow light, he usually stops, but sometimes, he goes through it."

"Okay," the teacher said waiting for more answers.

No one else raised their hand. They must have thought that Paige's answer was the best one, or they were afraid of giving away too much on the first day to the newest teacher at school. Either way, he smiled and decided to explain.

"Yellow is a signal telling a driver to be careful, or to go through only if it remains safe. Normally, that means to stop, but if you cannot stop safely, then you should just go through the light. In this class, then, what yellow means, is that you may be permitted to do something you need to do if you raise your hand, and if I feel that what is being instructed is something that you can pick up when you get back."

The students looked from one to another.

The teacher then pulled out piece of red paper, and put it on top of the circle for the top lamp to the drawn signal. He erased the yellow chalked in light.

"When you see red in the class traffic light, this is a full stop. What do you think it means if you are to be at a full stop?"

The boy who had been at the front of the line with perfectly gelled yellow blond hair and a friendly smile spoke up.

"It means don't talk, don't get up, don't pass go. Don't do anything at all, but just do as you are told."

"Very good, um... Christian," he had checked the name. "If you see a red, you cannot raise your hands, and the response to all requests is an automatic 'no."

"What if like, we have to use the bathroom?" Christian asked.

"Well, if you see red, and you heard our explanation, what do you think it means, Christian?"

"You have to just sit there and wait?"

"Good. The red light is not going to be up for long periods. It is so that you know when to listen carefully, or for you to be quiet during tests. It is for giving clear directions in a case of emergency. Normally, the light will be yellow or green."

A hand belonging to the long blond haired girl with blue eyes, skinny jeans, and a rock band t-shirt shot up. She had been the one that explained yellow.

"Yes, Paige?"

"But what about green? Does green mean we can do anything we want, because green means go, right?"

"Well, do cars do anything they want when they are on the road? Do they drive on sidewalks?"

The teacher waited for the students to look around and get the hint.

"What green means, is that when you are doing your individual work, you may come to the back where I will have the bathroom passes and the nurse pass. You will check that the bathroom pass is there for girls if you are a girl and for boys if you are a boy, and when it is, then you sign out and take it with you to go. If you go see the nurse, you write down your name and complaint and then take the nurse folder with you and you may go. This is so I know where you are at all times."

Lots of children's eyes lit up.

The teacher changed the sign back to yellow.

He had put a yellow circle this time in the traffic light place.

"We are having a discussion and talking about the rules, and I want you to give your thoughts and opinions, so I'm changing this sign back to yellow. Yellow means that if you raise your hand, you can ask questions and ask permission for things."

The students nodded as one.

The teacher looked around at his group of students as he started to explain how students will enter the classroom and what they can expect to do first and last during the day. He had a wide variety of students with more than enough Mexican-descendant children and even one Chinese student. What he would later find out, was that many of the Mexican descendant children had English as their second language, and the Chinese student could barely speak English, and on top of that, one student still didn't think she could speak any English at all.

He looked down his roster of students and started to ask who might be able to start the year as the class leader, the board detailers, and the messenger. Of course, the class leader was the most popular with several hands going into the air.

"Class leaders will be rotated every week, and everyone will get a chance to do it at least once or twice," the teacher promised. "So don't feel bad if you are not chosen this time. And because there are so many of you that want this job, I'll just go down the list and by a number, so how about, you," he had pointed out a short chubby girl with long dark brown hair and brown eyes. Her skin was lightly tanned, and her features gave her away as a Mexican descendant, but she didn't seem to know what to say.

"What's wrong?" the teacher asked her, but another student answered for her. "She doesn't speak English."

"Ah, I see. Why don't you translate for her, if you don't mind, Jo-jo."

She nodded. She was one of the students that only understood English as a second language. An a number was finally called out that made it Paige's turn to be the leader.

Jo-jo and Jade were asked to take care of the board detail and Jesus pronounced like Hezuss was asked to be the messenger. Then the teacher sent the attendance with Jesus to the office.

'So, Ana didn't speak any English,' the teacher thought. 'Well, it looks like I already have my first challenge. Not to mention that the Chinese boy would probably need more help understanding things. He immediately changed seats around so that Anna and Ian were near the front of the class.

___

A few days later:

By now, the teacher had gotten to know most of his students, and he waited impatiently at the pick up point in the morning for all of his students to come running to the line to go up to the class.

Anna was the first one in line, and she definitely didn't speak much English at all, but for some reason, she was looking up at him and not really playing with any friends in the yard. Well, what could the teacher do? He could say a few phrases in Spanish, but he didn't know how to tell her that she still had ten minutes to play if she wanted... well, he could order her to play, but he didn't want to do that. He wanted her to just not feel obligated to wait ten minutes at the front of the line.

While he was waiting, Anna's mother and the principal had come up to talk to the teacher.

"Excuse me, teacher, but may I have a talk with you?"

"Sure."

I walked up the steps to the second floor and led the principal, a translator, and the mother into my class.

"First of all," the principal had begun. "I think it might be easier for Anna if we change her to another class as that teacher is fluent in Spanish," however when her mother heard the translation, she shook her head.

"I want my daughter to learn natural English, and the best way is to get completely immersed in it," the translator had interpreted. "I don't want every little detail translated for her, but I do ask that you consider her needs."

The teacher nodded. He thought it was very brave of the mother to ask her daughter to take this challenge as this was likely to cause her difficulties as well. However, he would do everything he could to make English understandable by the young student.

In an age where many parents are pampering their kids and afraid to give them any challenges at all that could be difficult, it was refreshing to find that one parent was willing to let her daughter struggle for the sake of learning. Still, he did wonder if the other teacher might have been better for the young girl.

He could do no less though than to accept the challenge of including this little girl, who he thought was a good kid anyway, in his classroom. There were plenty of students who would help her out, and plenty of students who though they knew more English, still had the same struggles. The teacher would have to work hard to make sure that everything was easy enough for the students to figure out how to do the work.

Now, there were others who needed directions slow and simple as well because nearly half of the class were second language speakers.

_____

A few days later, came the first sign of what problems that this little girl might have in a class where she had to speak only English. Her mom wanted her to only speak in English at school, and yet there were certain things that the textbooks just didn't teach.

The class traffic signal was yellow, so the students were expected to be seated, and if they needed anything, they were to raise their hands, but it was basically silent reading time, and all the students understood better than the new teacher that the school's policy for reading was that no one was supposed to leave the classroom.

Teacher was at his desk testing a student with his reading when he happened to notice the chubby tan Mexican girl shifting a bit in her seat. He thought she was just restless and didn't know what she was to do, so he thought he would just go talk to her after he finished testing Kobi, an African American descendant.

However, as the five minutes passed, the teacher saw the girl look down into her lap, and he could see her hands pressing hard into her crotch as well as her legs butterflying back and forth very rapidly. He had been in that situation as a student before, so it was quite obvious to him what she wanted, but either she didn't know the English words, or she was too shy to speak up. Eitherway, he had to make sure she could ask, and that she knew it was okay to ask.

He dismissed Kobi rather early compared to the last student so he could get to her before she had an accident.

"Anna?" he bent down and put a hand on her shoulder. "Are you okay?"

She smiled up at him blushing because of her plight.

"El bano?" he asked simply only knowing the word, but not the complete phrase.

Her eyes widened, and she shook her head no as if she had done something wrong.

"It's okay, Anna. It's okay," he said very softly as she looked up at him and her eyes slowly returned to normal. "But if you need to go, you need to ask."

He couldn't ask a student to translate for her as it would disrupt their reading, so he had to just talk slowly and hope she understood.

She said something in Spanish that was unintelligible, but he could tell by her tone she was either offering an appology or trying to explain why she had to go at that moment.

He held his hand up and shook his head.

"May I?" he whispered to her.

She looked at him for a minute, her moving getting more nervous and insistant, but he had to get her to ask so that she would know that it was okay.

"May I?" he insisted again.

She looked at him. "May..." he said slowly.

"May..." she repeated.

He smiled. "I..."

"I..."

"May I...?"

"May I?" she repeated again.

He figured that was enough for now.

"Jojo, take her potty," he said to the somewhat bigger fourth grade girl who was not quite so chubby, but was definitely healthy.

"Yes Mister," she replied respectfully for her culture. She took Anna's hand, and Anna smiled gratefully as she left the classroom with her classmate.

