Summer with Snape - Page 20

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*476*2012-07-31 08:13

So I'm updating again, this trip between Sev, Harry and Ron will last for like 2 chapters I think..I'm not sure, but plently of real life desperation situations. I have a ton of things planned, and yes, i do actually have a plan for Sirius, I just have to make some other things fall into place first.

Chapter 79

Harry was asleep by the time they arrived home, and Severus wasn’t at all surprised. Even though it was only 3pm, Harry was due for a nap considering the activities they had done already. He carried him into the house, the dog following protectively. Severus found himself talking to the animal, knowing that magical pets tended to understand bit better then muggle ones.

“This is Harry’s room,” he whispered as he opened the door said child’s room.

It was fairly neat to be a teenage boy’s room, but Severus knew the cause. As he got Harry dressed for bed, he was aware of the dog watching his every move. He shook his head as he laid Harry in bed and tucked him in.

“Well get up here then,” Severus said gesturing to the animal who promptly laid at Harry’s feet.

Severus nodded before closing the door, going back out to the car to grab the tree. As he carried it into the house, putting it into the sitting room, he mused that he still needed to get Harry presents. Nodding his head, he would talk to Harry to see if he wanted to go see the Weasleys for tomorrow.

Severus had been looking forward to the Christmas Holidays as well; he had a few things planned. First off he wanted to take Harry and possibly the youngest Weasely spawn to a snowboarding lodge. Severus had found that Ronald could be very protective of Harry, and since he tended to look after him when the potion’s master couldn’t. He nodded thinking the plans through as he started to prepare dinner.

While Severus was getting dinner ready, and Harry was sleeping Paddy was thinking. He wasn’t a regular dog; he was none other than notorious mass murderer Sirius Black. The Sirius Black who was supposedly coming to Hogwarts to kill Harry. At the moment, he was trying to understand how Snape ended up with Harry. He had no intention of hurting his godson, no he had better things to worry about, like how to corner that rat Pettigrew and prove his innocence. As soon as he was declared innocent, he was definitely getting custody of Harry.

He growled to himself, but he could admit to himself that the man had treated his godson with care and dare he say it…love. But that didn’t mean that he wanted Harry raised by a snake, Snivellous in particular. He didn’t understand why Harry wasn’t with his grandparents or Moony at the very least. Sirius stilled as he felt Harry move, changing his serious expression to one of playfulness.

Harry woke up a few hours later, sleepily opening his eyes as he looked around. He knew he fell asleep in the car and the warmth once again blossomed in his stomach at his dad having put him to bed. As he moved to get out of the bed, he found something heavy on his feet.

“Paddy, are you awake boy?” Harry asked tiredly as he looked down at the dog.

Harry grinned as the dog lifted his head up. Harry rolled out of bed, and tottered down the hall and to the loo. As he was going in he shook his head as the dog tried to follow him in.

“No Paddy, you wait here,” Harry said firmly, glad that the dog stilled. He hurried into the toilet and took care of business before tossing away the wet pull up. He washed up then opening the door, running downstairs.

Severus looked up as he wondered how someone so small, could make so much noise.

“Where’s the fire Harry?” he asked dryly.

“Hi,” Harry said brightly, his father’s sarcasm rushing over his head.

Severus grinned before shaking his head. “Hungry child?” He asked as he stood up.

“Yep,” Harry said following his father into the kitchen and taking a seat at the table.

Severus fixed both of their plates before setting down a plate for the dog.

“”I’ll get some food for him tomorrow when I go out,” Severus told Harry.

“Where are we going?” Harry asked as he started in on his burger and chips.

“You are going to the Weasleys tomorrow; I will be heading into town.” Severus said easily.

“What?”Harry asked in shock. He thought they were going to be spending time together. He put his burger down, no longer hungry for some reason, before turning his gaze to his lap.

Severus looked at Harry curiously; he could tell right away that Harry didn’t want to go to the Weasleys which was a surprise to him.

“You don’t want go see your friends? From my understanding their older brothers are home again.” He said in confusion.

“I just thought that this holiday we could spend time with just us,” Harry said sighing before pushing his plate back. “Can I be excused?”

“It’s may I, and no you may not. We will be spending time together Harry, that I promise you,” Severus replied.

“When is that then?” Harry asked tiredly.

“Tomorrow, it’s just I need to get the remainder of your Christmas presents together,” Severus answered.

Harry’s face lit up for a moment, before trying to school his expression blank like Snape. He wasn’t sure it worked as his father was smirking at him at the moment.

“What are we going to be doing? Are we going to decorate the tree soon?” Harry asked.

“Not until next week. Tomorrow afternoon we are spending 2 days at a snowboarding lodge. I thought that you would have liked to bring Ronald along. I wanted to thank him for looking out for you in class,” Severus said pointedly.

Harry looked at his father with wide eyes. “Yes, he’ll want to do that dad. Best present ever!” Harry yelled excitedly.

“That’s not your present child, but you are welcome nonetheless.” Severus said smoothly.

~*~*~*~*

The next morning after Snape had dropped Harry off at the Weasleys, Harry was letting Ron know what Snape had planned for them. He was a bit sad to know that Paddy couldn’t come with him that day or on the trip, but his excitement didn’t let him ponder on that too long.

They hurried up and got Ron packed, Charlie coming in to help them. Harry was super excited, and Ron was happy to come along, especially since none of his siblings had ever done something like this. Harry knew Ron suffered from jealously and he was happy to be able to lessen that for a bit.

Harry blushed red as Mrs. Weasely warned Ron that if he didn’t obey, she gave his dad full permission to punish him as he saw fit. Ron looked on horrified but he agreed so he could go. After making sure Ron had everything they went outside to play.

A few hours later Snape came through the floo, and after talking with Molly flooed back to his Manor with the two boys.

“How are we getting to the snowboarding lodge dad?” Harry asked excitedly.

“Apparating halfway there and then driving the rest of the way,” Severus explained.

“Ok,” Harry replied grabbing his father’s hand as they walked outside. “Wait where’s Padfoot?”

“Albus took him back to Hogwarts, we will get him when we get back,” Severus replied.

“Oh ok,” Harry answered easily.

“You’ve side-longed apparated before right Ronald?” Severus asked.

“Yes sir,” he answered before gripping the man’s other hand.

Severus nodded, pulling both boys to him and disappearing with a nearly silent pop. They appeared on snowy road in the mountains where a car was parked.

“That’s us,” Severus said shivering a bit.

“Good,” Harry replied running to it and hopping it, with Ron following suit.

“Don’t worry, I’ll get you both snowsuits when we get there,” he replied as he drove along the snowy road.

Harry was talking excitedly with Ron about the next 3 days, when he found himself unconsciously squirming around in his seat. He had forgotten to go pee when he left the Manor, and now he was feeling it bad. He looked around and only saw trees and snow, there didn’t seem to be any rest stop anytime soon.

“Harry what’s the matter?” Ron asked, noticing how quiet his friend had gotten.

Harry ignored him in favor of turning around and poking his father in the shoulder.

“What is it Harry?” Severus asked, turning the radio down.

“I gotta go pee,” he whimpered out.

“Damn, can you hold it Harry?” Severus asked, already knowing the answer.

“I…I don’t know,” Harry replied softly, though he didn’t think he could.

“That would be a no,” Severus murmured. “Do you also require the use of the facilities Ronald?”

“No sir, I’m fine,” Ron replied even though he did have to go a little bit but it wasn’t serious.

“Alright, I’ll stop in a moment child,” he replied, preparing to the pull the car over.

“I’m sorry,” Harry whispered out.

“Don’t be, I should have asked before we left like usual,” Severus replied.

Harry whimpered as he shook on the seat, grabbing himself quite tightly. He opened his door the minute his father stopped and looked around.

“It’s cold,” he complained.

“Hurry up and pee and then you won’t be cold anymore,” Severus replied.

“What if my pee freezes?” Harry asked fearfully.

“Harry that’s not going to happen,” Severus said gently.

“But what if?” He pressed.

“Harry remember when you wet your pants that time, wasn’t it warm?” Severus asked.

“Yes sir,” he said blushing. What did that have to do with anything?

“Go pee, I’ll explain it in the car,” he answered.

Harry nodded before unzipping and pulling himself out. He stood there freezing as he tried to pee, shivering from the cold and relief as he finally let go. Harry grinned before starting to make designs in the snow.

“Ron this is so cool,” he yelled back.

“What’s’ cool?” Ron asked curiously.

“Drawing in the snow with pee,” he exclaimed excitedly.

“Really?” Ron asked’ unbuckling his seatbelt and getting out the car.

Severus shook his head before sighing, but like usual he wasn’t about to ruin his child’s fun.

Ron laughed as he stood before Harry before pulling himself out and peeing as well. He didn’t need to go bad, but he wanted to pee on the snow as well. He laughed as he went, both he and Harry making yellow snow. He finished moments after Harry and got back in the car.

“Put some of this on your hands,” Severus said passing the sanitizer around.

“Ok,” they replied before cleaning their hands.

Severus nodded approvingly before making short work of the road and making his way to the snowboarding lodge about an hour later. Getting upstairs and into their rooms, Severus looked around happily. It was a two bedroom suite, though it only had one bathroom, he wasn’t worried.

“Are we going to the snow now?” Harry asked excitedly as he put his clothes away.

“After lunch we will go,” Severus said. That would give him enough time to get their snowsuits; he didn’t want Harry or Ron to get sick while they were there.

“Good I’m starving,” Ron replied with a grin, when he saw Harry’s frown.

Harry didn’t say anything, he wanted to play now. Not wanting to get in trouble in front of his friend, he headed down to the diner area of the lodge.

“What am I allowed to get sir?” Ron asked quietly.

“Anything, within reason of course,” Severus replied as they stood up and looked at the menu.

Harry grinned at Ron’s obvious smile. He told his dad what he wanted and took a seat, followed closely by Ron. Talking about things that they were going to be doing after lunch, the food quickly arrived and they hurriedly ate. Walking into the snow shop was boring as they tried on a bunch of suits, but Harry found a blue one he liked and Ron found a green one surprisingly.

Severus paid for their things and went to the room to get them ready to go. After getting them dressed they headed back downstairs and into the snow, where they played the rest of the afternoon.

~*~*~*~

The next morning Harry woke up, and headed into the loo to attend his morning duties. Snape was already up and fixing breakfast.

“Morning dad,” he said happily as he took a seat.

“Is Ronald not up?” Severus asked as he set the plates on the table.

“No but he’ll wake up when he smells the food,” Harry grinned.

Sure enough 5 minutes later Ron walked into the kitchen and took a seat.

“Morning,” he murmured tiredly.

“Good morning,” Severus and Harry replied.

“After breakfast is done you and Harry are going to be put either a snowboarding or ski class, depending on who wants to do what,” Severus explained.

“Cool,” Harry and Ron replied as they quickly ate breakfast.

Hurrying back to their room, they quickly got dressed, in their warmest clothes and jackets before walking back into the living room. They needed some help with their snowsuits however and Harry waited patiently for his dad to finish with Ron. Getting lost in his thoughts he wasn’t paying attention when he was asked if he needed the loo and as a result ended up he needed it when his father was tugging on his boots.

“Dad,” he said softly.

“What is it Harry?” Severus asked as he tied Harry’s snow boots.

“I need the toilet,” Harry replied sheepishly.

“Uh oh,” Ron murmured from his position on the couch.

“I asked you if you needed it beforehand and you told me no,” Severus said with a frown.

“I didn’t hear you, I’m sorry,” Harry replied quietly, as he shifted on his feet.

“Well I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that you needed the loo,” Severus said annoyance seeping into his tone.

Harry frowned before shaking his head. “I didn’t mean to not pay attention,” he tried to explain.

Severus stood up and stretched, before reaching for his own coat with a sigh. Truthfully, he wasn’t going to make Harry wait, but he was irritated at the moment. Why did the boy wait until he had put on everything before informing him of his need?

“Professor are you gonna let him go?” Ron asked, looking from his silent Professor to his near tears friend.

“I don’t know should I,” Severus mused as if he was thinking it over.

“Yes, I think you should,” Ron replied quietly. He didn’t want to see his best mate have an accident today.

“Come here Harry,” Severus said briskly.

Harry shuffled unhappily towards his father. “I’m sorry daddy,” he said tearfully.

“Quiet,” he murmured with a sigh before he started the painstakingly process of taking everything off. 5 minutes later he had undone the snowsuit, low enough for Harry to use the toilet. He untied his sweats and gently pushed his son towards the loo.

“Are you mad at me still?” Harry asked, refusing to move as he looked at his father sadly.

“Go pee Harry,” Severus said sighing tiredly. The day hadn’t even begun; he really hoped that this wouldn’t set the stage for today.

“But are you?” Harry pressed.

“I’m annoyed but no I’m not mad,” Severus finally replied.

“You’re annoyed with me,” Harry whispered out, his bottom lip trembling.

“No, I’m annoyed that you won’t go and use the toilet. Didn’t you say you needed it?” Severus questioned.

“Oh, and yes I did,” Harry replied relief in his tone before scurrying towards the open toilet door. He was a bit freaked out that his dad was mad at him so he didn’t close the door. A part of him was afraid that he was going to get left behind for what just happened.

“Close the door Harry,” Severus called out.

“I can’t,” he yelled back and he really couldn’t he had just started to relieve himself.

Severus shook his head as he tied his own boots as he waited for Harry to finish. He had just looked up to see Harry running towards him full speed ahead. Catching him, he redid everything and made sure he had money for their lunch before hurrying the boys out the suite.

*478*2012-08-06 19:12

No love last chapter....*sob* I'm kidding, I write for myself anyways so enjoy this or not, I know I did. :)

Chapter 80

Harry headed downstairs with Ron and Snape, already knowing what they were doing. Yesterday he had liked the snowboards better then the skies. Then again, it could be because Ron and he saw these older kids doing some tricks that looked really cool. He wasn’t sure what they were doing after their snowboarding class, but he didn’t seem to mind.

“Here are your boards,” Severus said handing Harry and Ron a snowboard. Since Harry seemed to like it, he thought about getting him his own board and making this a yearly thing for them.

“Thanks,” Harry and Ron replied before hurrying outside.

“I’ll be down to get you from you class as soon as it’s over,” he promised.

“Ok bye dad,” Harry called before walking out in the snow.

Severus shook his head in amusement before grabbing his skies; he might as well hit the slopes.

Harry grinned as they were first taught how to get on the board, and how to fall. It was all so interesting to him and he loved every minute of it. He grinned as he saw Ron blush, their instructor was a girl and Ron was crushing.

As they paired off the class moved to mini hills, and Harry laughed at how good of a time he was actually having. The first hour went by pretty fast and he found himself sweating in his snow suit, but he wasn’t allowed to take it off. He drank his water bottle as he took a break looking around.

“When will we get to go on the ski lifts?” Harry asked.

“Soon actually,” Becca promised.

Harry beamed before he turned back to practicing. Like she said in about 15 minutes she took the class to the first ski lift. It was fairly easy and Harry laughed excitedly as he snowboarded. He was very shock to see that the class was coming to an end. He made his way towards Ron.

“That was so brill Harry,” Ron said happily.

“I know maybe Snape will let us try some more,” Harry said excitedly.

“Let you try what?” Severus asked coming up behind them.

“More snowboarding off the lift,” Harry said pointing.

“But of course, how did class go?” He asked curiously.

“Great and Ron has a crush,” Harry said teasingly.

“Shut up Harry,” Ron said face flushed in embarrassment.

Severus grinned widely but he didn’t comment on it, he was happy to see both boys having a good time.

“We can go on the lifts and then after, I want to know if you want to go tubing,” Severus said conversationally as they headed to the lifts.

“Awesome,” Harry exclaimed happily.

Severus was ecstatic as the class seemed to help the boys tremendously. He watched them try to perform trick glad to see they were having a good time. A few hours went by and they were soon tired of the boarding, returning their equipment they went and grabbed a family sized tube.

As they were taking the lift up to the hill and Harry was settling down he became aware of his bladder. He looked down, not really wanting to stop his fun and ignored it. After all it had taken a lot of time to get all of his clothes off that morning, and he was having a blast at the moment. As they jumped off the lift the movement jolted his bladder, making him notice his lower stomach was actually kind of full; but he still didn’t say anything.

He screamed excitedly as they started down the hill, the tube jumping a bit as they sled down it. He laughed happily, all his worries gone in that moment. As they stopped at the bottom of the hill he jumped up with a bright smile.

“That was so much fun!” he shouted.

“I know, it was wicked,” Ron agreed with a smile.

Severus smiled, it was fun but their reactions were better.

Harry enjoyed it as they went up and down the hill a few more times, noticing the sky darkening a bit. It was only 5pm but it was already getting dark, up there in the mountains.

“Ok this is the last time, and then we’re going in to warm up and have dinner,” Severus told them.

“Uh huh,” Harry said absently as he waited for impatiently for them to get on the lift again. He really had to pee now, they stopped for lunch but it was more a meal on their feet. Harry reached down and tried to give himself a quick squeeze, before taking a seat; but with his gloves that made it impossible. He was moving around in his seat and awful lot, but Ron was doing the same thing so he could see his dad assume they were both excited. As they got off the lift Harry bent down to fix his shoes to his board, and stilled as he felt it.

His bladder had enough of the abuse and was starting to make its displeasure known. He turned towards his dad with wide eyes.

“Dad I need…” was the only thing he got out before warmth was flooding his boxers and sweats. He trembled from the relief and shock of wetting himself. He sighed softly as his body relaxed as he peed himself. His eyes kinda clouded over as his wet continued in his snowsuit.

“What did you need Harry?” Severus asked turning to look at the boy when he stopped mid-sentence. He stared at Harry for a moment, his eyes were kind of glazed and he was immediately on alert.

Harry slumped down as he thoroughly wet himself. His eyes closed on their own accord as he finished with a sad sigh. Opening them he looked back at his father and Ron in confusion as they were looking at him in concern.

“Are you alright mate?” Ron asked worriedly.

“I’m fine,” he replied automatically.

“I beg to differ Harry,” Severus said shaking his head in disbelief.

“Why do you look so weird then?” Ron pointed out.

“I’m just…I wanna go in,” Harry said quickly.

“We are, just a second ago you didn’t. Are you hurt Harry? Don’t bother lying to me,” Severus replied firmly.

“I’m not hurt,” Harry whimpered out.

“Something is wrong though,” Severus said with a frown before gesturing to Ron to go downhill.

“Nothing’s wrong,” Harry replied with a frown. His trousers were cooling and he felt sticky, he wanted them off.

“I don’t believe you, and I would appreciate if you’d stop lying to me. Do continue if you want this trip cut short,” Severus said sternly.

Harry’s bottom lip popped out sadly as he looked at his father in shame. “Can we just go in?” He repeated.

“Of course, snowboard down the hill Harry,” Severus instructed.

“I don’t want too,” Harry whimpered.

“Well you’re going to have too,” Severus replied with a sigh.

Harry sniffled before he slowly snowboarded down the hill. The wetness on his sweats and boxers reminded him of his accident every time he moved, causing him to not have fun in the slightest. Meeting Ron down at the bottom, he looked at the ground as his face filled with tears. They would both know what he did the minute his father took off his snowsuit.

“Harry seriously, what’s the matter?” Ron asked quietly. His friend was near tears now, what was going on?

“I’m gonna be in trouble,” Harry moaned out as Snape grabbed their boards and returned them.

“Why do you say that? You haven’t done anything to be in trouble for,” Ron replied with a shake of his head.

“I just am,” Harry repeated before quieting as Snape came back.

Severus frowned; he couldn’t wait to get back to their rooms. Something was wrong with Harry and it worried him.

“Let’s go boys,” he said before making his way back to the lodge.

Harry followed after Ron the wet material starting to chafe his thighs among other things. Because it kept rubbing against him every time he walked it was starting to hurt. He was highly uncomfortable, and he found to his horror and embarrassment that tears were making their way down his face.

“Harry’s crying,” Ron blurted out. He had turned to ask Harry something which was quickly forgotten as he took in his face.

Severus had turned around in an instance, rushing back and picking up his child.

“What hurts Harry?” Severus asked urgently as he couldn’t see anything because of his snowsuit.

“I had an accident, and it’s starting to burn my thighs and my privates,” Harry whimpered out embarrassedly.

“Ahh alright lets hurry up and get to the room then,” Severus said sighing in relief. He had thought something was seriously wrong; and he didn’t like the worried feeling in the slightest. Reaching forward he gently picked him up and shifted him to one hip.

“What’s wrong with Harry?” Ron asked as he hurried onto the elevator.

“He fell awkwardly and he hurt himself, though he didn’t bother to mention it to either of us,” Severus replied smoothly.

“What did he hurt?” Ron asked worriedly.

“What does every male on the planet have?” Severus asked.

“A…oh!” Ron said his ears turning red. “You hit it and didn’t say anything?” Ron asked in shock.

Harry turned and buried his head in his father’s shoulder, he was a horrible liar.

“Apparently he thought he would be in trouble,” Severus replied.

“But he didn’t mean to hit it, and even if he did why would get in trouble for that? That doesn’t make sense.” Ron said with a sigh as he walked to the room.

“I’m aware of that and now I’m sure Harry is too.” Severus answered as he opened the door to the suite.

Ron shook his head before walking towards the bathroom, before stopping and turning sheepishly to his teacher.

“Can you please take this off of me?” He asked politely.

“Just a moment, let me get Harry’s off first.” Severus said already in the process of undoing Harry’s.

“No Ron first,” Harry said trying to get away from his father. He knew the minute Ron saw his wet sweats he would know Harry had lied to him and he would be mad; plus didn’t want his mate to find out about his accident.

“Harry be still, I’ll be done with you in a few minutes,” Severus said trying to still his squirming child.

Ron didn’t say anything, though he wished he could be first. He needed to the bathroom really badly having not gone since sometime after breakfast. He shifted on his feet, waiting for Professor Snape. He had already tried to undo the snowsuit himself, but he only managed to knot up the front, making it harder to get off.

“Harry if you don’t be still I’m going to stick you to the floor,” Severus warned.

He looked on in amazement as Harry suddenly stilled, but his eyes were watering even faster they had when they were downstairs.

“You stuck me to a chair last time,” Harry whimpered out in remembrance.

“Yes I did, and I am so sorry about that. But I need you to be still so I can tend to Ronald next.” Severus explained taking this time to unbutton the top of the suit.

“But Ron was heading to the loo, I think he might need the toilet,” Harry half whispered.

Severus sighed. Harry had a point. He turned around to look at the boy who was struggling to take off his own snowsuit.

“Did you need the toilet Ronald?” Severus asked.

“Yes sir,” he replied automatically, stilling his hands.

“Is it urgent?” Severus asked, preparing to stand up if it was.

“Yes sir,” Ron answered quickly his hands now balled into fists at his sides.

“Why didn’t you speak up then?” Severus asked as he moved over towards the redheaded boy.

“I did, you just told me to wait until you finished with Harry,” Ron replied honestly.

“No I mean why didn’t you inform me it was urgent?” Severus clarified.

“I’m not sure, I thought since you saw me heading to the toilet you knew. But I don’t know anymore,” Ron replied, willing his body to stay still. He was not about to dance around his Professor, no matter how bad he had to go.

“If you have to go really bad then why aren’t you moving around a lot?” Harry asked curiously.

“Because he’s trying as hard as possible not to move Harry,” Severus replied. He could feel underneath his hands how tensed the boy was and he hurried his motions.

“Why is he doing that?” Harry asked in confusion.

Ron stayed quiet the entire exchanged, he mused to himself for a moment that Harry did actually sound younger. Looking at his mate he could see how people thought he was younger than 13, he could see it exactly.

The whole snowboarding class refused to believe that he was that old, most of them including the teacher assumed he was 9. Ron grinned, not even minding that they were discussing him, he hadn’t really seen this side of Harry before. His friend was so carefree, and he was happy that Snape was able to make this happen for him.

“Because he probably feels embarrassed,” Severus murmured absently as he pulled out his wand. The process was taking too slow and he didn’t want the boy to wait anymore. He quickly spelled the knots away, before unbuttoning everything. He pulled on the top of the snowsuit as he took it off the boy.

“Step out of it,” he murmured.

Ron held onto Snape’s shoulders to gain his balance before stepping out of his suit.

“Go pee,” Severus said as he tugged it off of him.

Ron nodded, turning and running into the bathroom, closing the door with a slam. “Sorry,” he yelled back.

Harry giggled at the whole scene. “Guess Ron really did have to go bad,” he mused.

“Come here, now why wouldn’t you let me take your suit off?” Severus asked.

“Didn’t want Ron to see my accident,” Harry replied shamefaced.

“Oh of course Harry I should have known,” Severus replied quietly. “Come on lets hurry and get this off of you so I can spell you clean.”

“Then I can get a bath?” Harry asked happily.

“Yes then a bath but after dinner,” Severus replied.

“Why not before?” Harry asked quietly.

“Because you’ll fall asleep at the table,” Severus remarked.

“Oh,” Harry replied with a grin as he dad pulled off his snowsuit, and spelled him clean.

As Ron came out the bathroom Harry smiled and gestured to him to head into the kitchen, so they could eat.

*480*2012-08-07 00:10

{{: 

This was pretty cool too, I like the situations that you tend to try out, the risks you take. I dont know, I dont have much to say except that I still totally love this story. I love How everyone is so involved, and I'm super excited to know just what you plan to do with Sirius. Is Moony going to find out? Is Sirius going to Fight Severus for custody of Harry? I hope not, but since your an obvious fan of Severus Snape( lol) I dont think we have any worries for that last one. Anyways, I cannot wait until the next update you totally rock. :)

}}

Thanks your review brightened up my day, I thought that chapter was a bust or something. :) As for your questions lets see which ones I can answer without giving much away; I cant answer any lol..sorry...I can say to keep reading the chapters and I hope that they'll answer your questions eventually :p

{{: 

Yay!! Awesome chapter, as usual! :)

I swear...my story I'm going to write...will never be as good as yours...|o|

}}

Everyone writes different...yours will be good in its own right, so no comparing. I still cannot wait to read it though :)

{{: 

That was so awesome!! Sorry I don't review a lot...as I've explained, I suck at reviewing >.< |o|

But anyway, I loved this chapter and was smiling the whole time :) Your Harry...Is just soo cute. Can't wait for more! :D

}}

Glad you liked it...thats alright, i suck at replying to my reviews so I get that. I hate replying but I love recievng them..:p Hopefully I'm gtting better at that. anywho I'm glad you liked t as I said and I awlays struggle on not saying the same thing everytime lol

*484*2012-08-15 04:31

Hey guys this was me being lazy and not wanting to update this chapter. Here it is though so I hope you enjoy it :)

Chapter 81

Ron woke up the next morning, and for a moment forgot where he was. He sighed softly as he stared at the ceiling. He had a blast these past few days at the snowboarding lodge, and he couldn’t wait to tell his family about it. He had never done something like this, usually everyone else went somewhere before him. He grinned smugly; at the thought that now he would be able to share like they did. Ron glanced over to see Harry in the bed over, still asleep and he rolled over to do the same when he felt it.

As he rolled on his stomach, he was aware of this intense pressure and he immediately sat up, not wanting to worsen it. Well he had found the source of what woke him up, and he grudgingly pushed the covers back so he could get up. He groaned softly before climbing out of bed and walking tiredly towards the toilet. It was still early as the sun was barely peeking through the curtains and he yawned before stumbling to the door. As he reached his hand out to open it, he became aware of something else; he could hear the shower running.

Ron sighed softly, knowing that it couldn’t be anyone but Snape. He bit his lip worriedly as he waited in front of the door silently, wishing that he was back home for the moment. Had it been any of his brothers, he would have knocked on the door, knowing he would have been allowed in. Harry had said Snape had let him do the same thing, but he still only saw his Potion’s Professor. And though his attitude had changed towards them, he could still strike fear in him. Ron sighed again before going to take a seat on the couch to wait for him to finish.

He glanced at the clock absently as he took a seat, his foot unconsciously jiggling up and down as he held on. He had to go really bad now. His bladder didn’t like the fact that it was full and he had yet to relieve himself. He never held it this long, because he didn’t like the feeling. It just reminded him of his almost accident that day at the muggle theme park, and he didn’t want to think about that in this situation. Ron found himself getting up again and gently pressing his ear to the door to see if his teacher was nearly done. It didn’t seem like anything changed so he walked back to his chair. This time when he took a seat, he was squirming, and fanning his legs quite a bit.

“Please hurry,” he whispered pleaded to himself over and over.

Severus was relaxing in the hot water; he had long since finished showering. At the moment, he was allowing the heat to soothe his tired muscles. It was only about 6:00am and he wasn’t worried about Harry needing it, since he would still be sleep, the same with Ronald. He pondered what they were going to do that last day, unaware that one boy was not sleeping in the slightest.

Ron’s face had taken on a worried look, and he seemed to be close to tears. He was no longer sitting down, that only seemed to worsen his need. He was doing everything to keep it under control, rushing back to the front of the door. When his Professor came out, he would rush in. Ron was gripping the sides of his pajamas tightly, wanting to grab himself but refraining from doing it just in case. He knew his teacher could come out of the bathroom any time, and he didn’t want to be holding himself like some little kid.

He bent at the waist as his desperation escalated, though he nearly cried in relief when the shower finally turned off. The water had been wrecking havoc on his body, but that relief didn’t last long. His body shuddered and he grabbed himself quickly but the damage was done. He could feel the inside of his boxer’s were wet, as he was unable to hold back a spurt. He was hot, he could feel his face burning, but more importantly he was desperate for the toilet. He was nearing the point of no return and he found himself reaching a hand to knock on the door.

Ron chewed his lip worriedly before quickly knocking on it, and dropping his hand.

Severus looked at the door as he heard the knock, before frowning. He hadn’t realized Harry would be up, he sighed but he knew it could have been worse.

“I’ll be out in about 10 minutes Harry, if you need too just come in,” Severus said easily.

Ron swallowed thickly, the tears starting to come. The man thought he was Harry; which meant that Ron wasn’t allowed in; right? He wiped his eyes with the back of his hand, not saying anything. He had never been in a situation like this before, he had always been allowed in. He didn’t like being locked out of the toilet, especially when he really needed to take care of business.

Severus raised an eyebrow at the silence, but since Harry hadn’t come in, he figured he could hold it. After all, in the past Harry had rushed in if he really needed to go, so he wasn’t worried.

Ron stifled a sob, as he was forced to continue holding himself for dear life. He felt like he might exploded, the tears falling freely now, he hated this so much. Oh he had to go! He crossed his legs tightly trying to hold it together, his face turned into a grimace now.

“Please come out,” he whimpered softly.

Severus didn’t take the full 10 minutes, not wanting to keep Harry waiting. He was dressed in record time, hanging his towel up. Lifting the toilet seat up so his son wouldn’t have any trouble there he quickly opened the door and walked out. He didn’t get very far as he collided with something soft, and he stumbled a bit. He was able to keep his balance, but he couldn’t say the same for the boy on the floor.

Ron wasn’t sure what happened, one minute he was standing in front of the door and the next he was being pushed where he then landed hard on the floor; in a daze. He was forcefully brought back when he felt the warmth seeping from his crotch and down his legs.

“No,” he cried grabbing himself in vain as his stream continued, the hiss heard quite clearly in the silent room.

Severus stared at the wetting child on the floor, with a blank mask. Inwardly though was another story, the boy had obviously been bursting. Why didn’t he speak up? He would have allowed him in as well? He knew the Weasely boy was very vocal, so why not now? Watching the child trying to fight it, when it was pretty pointless, reminded him of Harry in a way.

“Ronald, don’t fight it,” Severus said breaking the silence with a soft voice.

“This isn’t happening,” Ron replied shaking his head in denial, as he struggled anyway to hold on.

“It’s alright, everyone has an accident sometime,” Severus said kindly; in a voice reserved only for Harry.

“I don’t, I’m 13, and I can’t. Oh Merlin what did I do?” He whimpered to himself as he watched the puddle expand on the floor. He bit his trembling bottom lip, the tears falling faster now.

“As is Harry, and I can assure you, he has had plenty accidents,” Severus replied calmly.

Ron shook his head, his face the picture of misery as he finished out his wet.

“Why didn’t you tell me you were in urgent need of the loo?” Severus asked as he pulled out his wand.

“I was going too, but you thought I was Harry, and I didn’t think it would be appreciated if I walked in and went when I clearly wasn’t him,” he said sniffling.

“I am not that cruel, I would have been shocked yes but I would not have denied you that right,” Severus explained.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t know if you were like Bill and Charlie or my dad. Because you’re my Professor,” Ron blubbered out.

“At the moment you have forgotten I am not your Professor, I am however your best friend’s father,” Severus said spelling the floor and the boy clean.

Ron sniffled, his gaze on the floor in embarrassment, scenarios going through his head of Snape telling the snakes what happened. It was irrational, but it was his fear and that kept the tears continuing.

“What’s the matter child? I’ve cleaned you up, why are you still crying?” Severus asked quietly.

“I’m sorry, I’ll stop,” Ron said sniffling hard for a moment before straightening his shoulders.

Severus watched impassively as the boy quite literally reined the tears in. He shook his head, how the children coped was beyond him but he didn’t like it.

“Not what I meant in the slightest, stop that,” Severus said harshly.

“Stop what sir?” Ron asked quietly.

Severus’s lips spread into a thin line before sighing. “Nothing, did you wish to shower?” He asked quietly.

“Yes sir,” Ron said before hurrying into the bathroom. Once he was in the shower and the water was running he allowed himself a good cry. That had been humiliating; he only hoped Harry didn’t find out.

Severus sighed once more before walking into Harry’s room to check on him. He wasn’t surprised to find him still sleeping. Walking over he checked the pull up and of course found it wet, and was in the process of changing him when he felt Harry shift.

“Daddy?” Harry said sleepily.

“Go back to sleep Harry,” Severus said softly.

“I need a wee,” he mumbled out.

Severus pulled up the goodnight quickly and fixed it before looking up at his son. He didn’t want to disturb Ronald, wanting to give the boy a moment to compose himself. Running water was not an alternative to a silencing charm. He had heard the cries over the water, and he felt horrible for him.

“Just go back to sleep Harry,” Severus said gently; knowing Harry would wet the pull up as soon as he did.

“No I need a wee Daddy,” Harry insisted as he tried to sit up.

“Ronald is in the loo Harry,” Severus said gently.

“But I need to go,” Harry whined piteously.

“Go in your…underwear for lack of a better word,” Severus said patting his shoulder.

“I can’t do that,” Harry said with a scandalized expression as he tried to get up.

“Harry lay down,” Severus said firmly.

“I don’t wanna have an accident, please daddy I need to pee,” Harry pleaded getting a bit emotional. It was too early, he was still sleepy and on top of that he needed to pee and his dad wouldn’t let him.

Severus sighed before standing up and reaching for Harry. “Let’s go then.” He murmured as he picked up the boy. He headed towards the door and was opening it when harry spoke.

“Where are we going? I just need the toilet,” Harry said in confusion.

“Ronald is in it Harry and I don’t think he would like to be disturbed right now,” Severus explained.

“Oh ok,” Harry said before allowing his father to continue.

Severus walked down to the lobby and hurried into the bathroom and into a stall. Placing Harry down before he leaned against the wall and waited for him.

Harry tiredly stood in front of the toilet, eyes not really opened as he tried to pull his pants down to go. He frowned as his arms didn’t seem to be listening to him, he was still sleepily and he moaned sadly.

“And this is why you should have just gone back to sleep,” Severus murmured as he tugged them down and set Harry on the toilet.

He was about to comment that Harry wasn’t complaining like he did the last time Severus had done this when he noticed that the boy had actually fallen asleep while he was peeing. Shaking his head in disbelief, Severus waited until he was finished before dressing him and heading back to the room.

When they entered it, he laid Harry back down on the bed, to find Ronald in his own as well. Severus tiptoed out, hoping the boy would be back to his old self by the time they woke up again. He didn’t want their last day here to be tainted or ruined, neither boys deserved that.

*487*2012-08-15 18:26

{{: 

Wasn't the last chapter, chapter 81? Other than that, I really loved it!! It was quite adorable :3

}}

Nope, it was 80, I'm glad you liked it though

*492*2012-08-17 06:19

{{: 

Hi my name is bella. Its an alias but don't tell anyone. I have just now decided to create an account on here so you can be aware of my enjoyment of your fiction! You are a lovely writer and I sincerely look forward to your updates. I am a bit embaresed of my fetish honestly but I feel compelled to tell you that is why I have not commented earlier. I have read the entire story so far and if I could I would love to offer some suggestions if an experienced author is willing to listen to a novice such as myself. Personally I'd love to see Harry taken care of by Snape, Sirius and Lupin if you could work a 3 way gardianship into the mix that would be great! I'd love you forever. Hugs and thanks for the great work!

Your dedicated reader, Bella is a cutie!

}}

Hi, welcome to the site and all that, I hope you like it here:). Thanks for reading my story I'm glad you like it. Sorry though, there wont be any 3-way guardianship in this story, I like Sirius and love Remus but I love Severus more so thats not gonna happen. I do have another omo story however that is going to focus on Remus and Sirius with guardianship of Harry. Its called Too Afraid to ask..and so far I only have post chapter one on here because I want to finish this story first, before I start another one. Again thanks for reading and dont worry about being ashamed of your fetish...everyone has skeletons in the closets :p

{{: 

Awww this was so cute! Poor Ron! Loved this chapter :D

}}

Aww I know, i was totally sad myself, glad you liked it tho :)

{{: 

Welcome Bella is a cutie, to Omorashi.org and like you I too restained against making an account for a long time before I finally decided to do it. I find myself hooked on this story not just because of the wetting but because I happen to love Severus, and Lupin and Remus and this story depicts them in a light you wouldn't normally see. It's amaing Sev, keep up the awesome work.

... just posting to let you know I'm still alive and reading.

}}

Awesome, I alwways worry that Ive bored my readers to death with my novel length story, but I'm so glad to know that yourre still reading :) And thanks I will

{{: 

Awww Ron's ordeal kinda broke my heart Sev...poor thing :(

Brilliant Chapter once again however, I cannot wait for the next installement. :)

}}

I'm sorry! it it makes you feel any better, I broke my own heart righting that as wel lol, I'm glad you liked it though

*493*2012-08-20 03:05

Somewhere along the way Lucius Malfoy loved his son and wife before the Dark Lord you know, as the 7th book showed. I started off having a mean Lucius, but everyone always shows his evil side, I wanted to show his...fatherly side..you get to see a piece of that in here. Dont like it dont read, but like I said, I have a ton of things planned for their Christmas holiday planned and omo is there..and I hope you guys enjoy it is all :)

Chapter 82

The last thing Harry remembered what being sad about leaving the lodge. He can recall talking to Ron and then falling asleep in the car. He opened his eyes tiredly, realizing that he was in his father's arm.

"Are we home daddy?" He asked sleepily.

"Yes we're home," Severus answered as he laid Harry on the couch before heading back to the car to get Ronald.

Coming back inside; he stifled his own yawn before adjusting the boy in his arms as he flooed to the burrow.

"Good evening Arthur," he said as he landed smoothly.

"Hello Severus we were wondering when we would get Ron back," he said chuckling. "Did he behave himself?"

"He did, though we had a miscommunication error and he paid dearly for that." Severus said with a weary sigh.

"What do you mean?" Arthur asked as he took his sleeping child from Severus and handed him to Bill.

"William," Severus said as a hello before turning back to Arthur. "He had an accident because I was in the loo and I didn’t know he needed to go."

"What? He didn’t knock on the door? At all?" Bill asked in shock as he glanced at his brother.

"He did it once, but I thought he was Harry. He got it into his head that I wouldn’t appreciate him using the toilet while I was in the shower." Severus said shaking his head. "I have a son too; I do understand that mornings they tend to go worse than usual. I wouldn’t have cared."

"Poor Ron," Arthur murmured before nodding at Severus. "We'll take care of it, don’t you worry he'll be alright." He promised.

"Good to know, I have to be going I left Harry on the couch alone," Severus said apologetically.

"Not a problem Severus, we'll see you...soon,” Arthur said knowing the boys would no doubt want to spend more time together.

Severus nodded before flooing back to the Manor. Walking into the sitting room he could see Harry wiggling around on the sofa. He didn’t think anything of it until he heard a whimper and he hurriedly walked over to him.

"Harry child wake up for me," Severus said gently as he shook him.

"Wha?" Harry mumbled his eyes closed.

"You were having a nightmare," Severus murmured.

"I was?" Harry asked in confusion as he slowly woke up. He was also becoming aware of a certain pressure in his lower stomach.

"You were, what were you dreaming about?" Severus asked softly.

"I don’t know, but I gotta go...” Harry started off but was interrupted by the sound of someone flooing. He froze in his father’s arm, they hadn’t been expecting anyone.

"Severus? Where are you?" Lucius called.

"Oh shit," Harry whispered out before he could think about what he was saying.

"I second that; though you know better than to say something like that. However I will discuss your language later. At the moment, let’s get you upstairs," Severus hissed out before standing up.

"Severus, are you in your lab?" Lucius asked his voice moving as he walked.

Severus stilled before looking around. Spotting the clothes cupboard he rushed towards it, opening it quietly.

"You’re putting me in a cupboard?" Harry asked with a slight frown. It was instinct, he wasn’t claustrophobic but he hated them for obvious reasons.

"I’m hiding you in a clothes cupboard; you know who that is and what he is capable of." Severus said impatiently.

Harry nodded before allowing himself to be set down in the cupboard.

"No sounds, and do not move until i come to get you," Severus said firmly.

"But what if I have to use the loo?" Harry asked worriedly. He did have to use it, what was he gonna do?

"Hold it," Severus said after a moment of apprehension.

"But I’m not allowed to hold it," Harry pointed out.

"Today only you’re allowed to hold it," he said with a grimace. He hoped Harry didn’t have to go, because he didn’t want his child to hold on for longer then necessary. They didn’t need problems with his bladder again.

Harry nodded before taking a seat on the now cushioned floor.

"I'll be back for you as soon as it’s safe." Severus promised.

"Bye daddy," Harry murmured out as he laid down.

Severus nodded before shutting the door. He had just spelled a silencing charm and a locking charm around it when Lucius walked into the room.

"Severus didn’t you hear me calling you? What were you doing?" Lucius asked in confusion.

"I was in my lab; I only came up because I thought I heard the floo flare." Severus said lying smoothly before gesturing for Lucius to walk with him to the sitting room.

"Oh you spend too much time in your lab," Lucius said as he followed him.

"I’m a Potion’s Master," Severus said dryly as he ordered the tea.

"Still, you need to socialize," Lucius said as he fixed his cup.

"To what do I owe this pleasure Lucius?" Severus asked, keeping the curiosity out of his tone.

"Draco wrote me a letter a few months ago about this trick he did on Harry Potter," Lucius said.

"How he and his friends ganged up on Potter in the loo?" Severus said clarifying it.

"Yes, that’s what I’m talking about," Lucius said tightly.

"Alright so, what does this have to do with anything?" Severus said in confusion.

"I am disappointed in him shall we say," Lucius finally replied.

"Disappointed in Draco? For that? Why?" Severus asked, he hadn’t been expecting that.

"You know why Severus, how would Dragon like it if someone refused him the right for the toilet?" Lucius pointed out.

"But its Potter;” Severus stated out as if Lucius was slow to catch on.

"Bloody hell, still holding a grudge Severus," Lucius said before shaking his head.

Severus grunted but didn’t reply to it, what was there to say.

Meanwhile in the closet, Harry was trying to be patient and wait for his father. He managed it for the first half hour, but the next one nearly did him in. By the time the hour had passed he was constantly uncrossing and crossing his legs, and squirming about. He really had to go. He didn’t know what to do but he felt like he was gonna let go right there. He pressed his ear to the door, but he couldn’t hear anything. Sighing softly he tried the knob only to find it locked. He was stuck in here and he had to pee!

He didn’t know what to do and he froze as he lost a spurt. He didn’t know whether or not he would be punished for having an accident today. Not wanting to get in trouble, he hurriedly looked around for something to pee in. He sighed in frustration at the lack of anything before frowning and glancing at the box.

He rocked back on forth on his knees as he looks, his desperation taking over. He gasped quietly at the cauldron in the box. It was big and gold and it looked new. Harry worriedly gnawed at his bottom lip; he didn’t want to pee in it. His father was a stickler about his potions stuff and he didn’t want to defile something. He groaned quietly, the willing his tears to go away. He had to go now! Sniffling he pulled down his sweats and stood up.

Gravity soon had him bent at the waist and he knew he was out of options and time. Quickly fishing himself out of his underwear, he had just barely pulled himself out and aimed at the cauldron before he was peeing. The sound was loud to him and he thanked everything for that silencing charm his father put around the cupboard.

He sighed audibly as he peed forcefully. The sound of the liquid hitting the inside of the cauldron changed as Harry filled it up. A minute later he was finished and the cauldron was just barely half full. He wrinkled his nose and took a seat, now the cupboard smelled like pee.

It was enough of a remembrance to garner a mild flashback from the Durselys and he sniffled, wishing his father would come back. He was frightened however, of how angry his dad was going to be. His Uncle never liked it when he peed in his cupboard, and he knew Snape wouldn’t either.

Severus was nodding as Lucius explained what he meant. Though he wasn’t really paying attention to him, the man had been here for an hour, which meant Harry was still in the cupboard. He knew that day he would start locking his floo, this couldn’t happen again. He turned back to Lucius, when he heard his name.

Harry buried his head into his knees, pushing himself the furthest he could away from the cauldron. He hid himself behind the clothes and silently cried.

"I would have thought you wouldn’t have minded about Potter getting what he deserved. He is the brat who destroyed our Lord," Severus said with obvious disgust in his tone. He was however disgusted at Draco and himself for leaving Harry in the clothes cupboard.

"I didn’t like how he went about it. I may not like the Potter boy but that is because of what he did to our Lord as you said. But Draco should have enough pureblood decorum to know that he should not have denied him the use of the toilet." Lucius said in disgust.

"Oh, what are you saying then Lucius?" Severus asked quietly.

"It reminded me too much of what the Marauders had done to you Severus; bluntly put. My child however was the leader in this instead of James Potter," Lucius explained.

Severus stared at the man for a moment, was he hearing correctly? Was Lucius confounded or something?

"I see," was all Severus managed out, pushing the memories that once again threatened to come forward.

"Do you Severus? I’m not proud of Draco at the moment, and I know you aren’t either," Lucius said quietly.

"I beg your pardon?" Severus said softly.

"He told me about the apology letter you made him write," he said conversationally.

"Did he now?" Severus asked quietly.

"He did and I approve of course, but that’s not enough." Lucius said with a shake of his head.

"What do you mean it’s not enough?" Severus asked with narrowed eyes.

"We both know who Harry Potter is and what he represents." Lucius stated.

"And your point?" Severus asked impatiently; he knew there was more to this then just getting on Harry's good side. He stared at his friend silently, the dark gaze intent on him.

"Cissy and I have been talking and its imperative that Harry Potter knows that the Malfoy's mean him no harm," Lucius said quietly, he hated looking into Severus's eyes for long. It reminded him of being sucked into a black hole, never mind that the man's eyes weren’t black but of a very dark brown

"Bull shit, you hate the boy," Severus said darkly. What did the mean? What did Lucius have up his sleeve?

"Cissy doesn’t agree with our Lord's ideas, she threatened to leave me and take Draco with her if I continued to hurt another woman's child," he admitted shamefully.

Severus was feeling extremely gleeful on the inside; he needed to talk to Narcissa Malfoy as soon as possible. She he knew would be a great associate or ally once he got an oath from her.

"And are you?" Severus asked neutrally.

"What do you think Severus?" Lucius murmured out.

"I think if you were smart you would have said yes, however I have been wrong about you before," Severus said teasingly.

"Honestly Severus, I was smart, I can’t lose them," Lucius said softly.

"And you won’t, but what are you going to do about this?" Severus asked gesturing to his left forearm.

"I'll think of something," Lucius said with a frown before looking back up at Severus.

"I understand, I will help you," Severus replied. Though he was a bit worried, his nature as a double agent taught him well. Lucius tended to switch sides if the going got rough. He opened his mouth to ask about an vow of secrecy but Lucius beat him to it.

"I need an oath, an unbreakable one," Lucius said firmly.

"My thoughts exactly," Severus said simply.

"Wait we need a caster," Lucius murmured before standing up.

"Narcissa can be of help cant she?" Severus asked softly.

"Of course," Lucius said walking to the fireplace and flooing to his Manor.

By the time Severus got back, he was tired and another hour had passed; but that wasn’t on his mind. He immediately locked his floo and hurried to the clothes cupboard. Lucius had stayed longer then he had wanted, and he was worried about Harry since he had been in the cupboard for 2 hours.

He quickly canceled the charms and opened the door, where he was aware of two things. The smell of pee was in the air and Harry was sniffling. He sighed softly, but he couldn’t blame the child, could he?

"Harry come on out of there," he said gently. He inwardly was thinking of a few things they could do that would make Harry feel better.

He watched as Harry stood up and walked out the closet. What actually surprised him was the boy's pants were dry. Was he imagining the smell then? That still didn’t answer why Harry was sniffling.

"Harry, why are you crying?" Severus asked quietly.

"Cuz I needed a wee," Harry sobbed out.

Severus frowned before nodding it was understandable after all. So the smell was real, the only problem was where was the pee?

"Did you have an accident? What happened?" Severus asked softly.

“No but I almost did,” Harry said softly.

“What happened then child?” Severus repeated.

"I held it as long as I could, but then I felt like I was gonna explode, when I saw it," Harry cried as he explained. He knew he was in for it now, the cauldron looked expensive.

"Saw what child?" Severus asked quietly.

"I really had to go, and i tried to wait but I couldn’t," Harry rambled on.

"What did you pee in Harry?" Severus pressed, finally deduced what the deed was. He quickly tried to figure out what was in here that the boy could have used.

"The cauldron in the closet," Harry whispered out anxiously as he turned his tearful green orbs up to his father.

"What Cauldron?" Severus asked in confusion.

"The gold one in the box," Harry said cringing in anticipation. He absently brought his arms around his middle in a self comfort mechanism. He didn’t know what was going to happen, and stiffened when he felt himself get picked up.

"You think I’m going to punish you for peeing in the cauldron Harry?" Severus asked with a raised eyebrow.

He could easily magic it away or wash it the muggle way. The cauldron was fine, Severus had used many ingredients in cauldrons that were way worse than a little's boy waste. Besides he had to pat Harry on the back for that, he didn’t have an accident.

"Yes sir," Harry replied softly.

"Well I’m not; you had to use the loo. I’m actually proud of you for using your head and not having an accident." Severus praised.

"Really?" Harry asked softly.

"I am," Severus promised.

Harry sighed; the tension leaving his body at his father's words.

"Can we get Paddy?" Harry asked softly after a moment.

"Of course, just let me clean this up," Severus said banishing the cauldron to his lab where he could scour it later.

"I don’t like cupboards," Harry whispered out.

"Why not?" Severus asked gently. He didn’t know the full extent of the Durselys neglect and abuse.

"I lived in one, and the Durselys like to lock me in it when they had guests," Harry mumbled stifling a sob.

"Those son of a—Merlin,” Severus said catching himself quickly. “I had no idea Harry. Otherwise I would have placed you somewhere else," Severus said regret in his voice, his action and just coursing throughout his entire body.

"That’s ok, you didn’t know. If you knew it would’ve been mean but you didn’t," Harry said softly.

"Did they...they didn’t let you out when you needed to relieve yourself did they?" Severus said bluntly.

"No, I had a bucket," Harry said shamefully.

Severus was seething, that was the last straw.

"Come along Harry, let’s go get Paddy," he said tightly as he walked towards the floo.

Harry nodded trusting his father as they flooed to Albus's office.

"Sorry for disturbing you Albus, but Harry wanted to come get Paddy. And I needed to talk to the wolf," Severus said setting Harry down.

"What wolf? Wolves can talk?" Harry asked innocently as he stared at his father in shock.

"Of course they can my boy, but it’s a gift that one must be born with." Albus said, all but glaring at Severus.

"Can I come with you while you talk to it?" Harry asked excitedly.

Before Severus could attempt to lie or something Albus spoke up.

"Harry you’ve been ignoring Fawkes, he was excited to see you and you have yet to say hello," Albus said gesturing to the phoenix who was tucked under his wing.

"I’m sorry Fawkes," Harry said quickly as he walked over to the bird and started talking to it.

"Behave yourself Harry," Severus said before walking out the door and down the steps.

He sighed as he headed to Lupin's quarters for a much needed talk.

*497*2012-08-20 06:19

{{: 

I can't even begin to describe how brilliant this was. For one, you are the only person in the history of Harry Potter fanfiction that has actually made me feel anything sort of approval of Lucius Malfoy. Normally I hate that man to the core of his fictional existence. I really hope we get to see more of your Malfoy Family because I'm so curious about how you're going to write them! As for Harry, oh god this poor child. Poor Severus too for unknowingly putting Harry in a cupboard. I felt so bad for the both of them! But honestly, seeing how they come to understandings and grow closer makes this story just so amazing! I can't wait for more, keep up the great work! :D

}}

Aww..thanks, and yes we get to see the Malfoy family in the incoming chapters..again I have a ton of plans and they fit..as I said I wanted to show Lucius's fatherly side, and it will come out of course. Its kinda sweet :p, I hated Lucius too, but i liked Narcissa and she loved Draco so I knew there was some kind of hope for him. I know its like Harry can't catch a break, I had to go back and reread, when I realized Severus still didnt know about the cupboard.made for a nice sad scene though :) I will and thanks, Reviews like that, always makes me want to update faster so of course

{{: 

Awesome chapter! I really actually like your Lucius :) Feel so bad for Harry though... Anyway, I suck at reviews, but had to write one...|o| >.< Can't wait for more.

}}

I'm so glad you do, I was reading a story with nice Lucius the other day and it got me thnking..:p, its cool, this small one is awesome..I love that you reveiwed :)

