A Long Ride (a How to Train your Dragon fic)

Author: Derpysquid

*000*2015-06-04 19:07

(This happens after 1 but before 2)

Hiccup POV

I slowly opened my eyes to find Toothless eagerly staring down at me with an excited look on his face.

"Good morning bud, guessing you want to go out for a ride?" He nodded

"Alright, I'll go get dressed and we'll go." But we hadn't realized is that Toothless hadn't gone to the bathroom in a long time. Yesterday's flight was pretty intense and we worked up a thirst. While I was getting dressed, that water caught up to him and it was beginning to become a problem. Right as he realized this, I was ready.

"You ready bud?" He was hesitant but he agreed. So I saddled up and we took off. While flying all of the water he drank yesterday really started to become a problem. At first he squirmed occasionally while in midair, and it only became more frequent over time. In a normal situation, he probably would've told me and he would've gone off. But we were in midflight and he didn't want to stop in midflight because it was too much fun. After a while of this I became pretty worried.

"Hey bud, are you ok?" He looked at me and nodded, but I wasn't convinced, he looked... uncomfortable.

So I landed him on a small island. I leaped off and he sat like a human, and constantly squirmed.

"Ok, what's wrong?" He shook his head and motioned towards the air, saying that he wanted to keep flying.

"No, what's wrong?" Again he shook his head.

"We're not going to keep flying until you tell me what's wrong" Any other dragon would've just taken off and left. But Toothless couldn't, because of his wing. So we sat there for about 5 minutes before he finally broke. He sighed and motioned my attention.

"Are you going to tell me the problem?" He nodded and motioned towards his crotch.

"Do you have to go?" he nodded.

"Ok, why don't you go here?" As I said that, another dragon flew by, he motioned to them

"Hm? Oh, is it their territory?" He nodded.

"Ok, lets get you home as fast as possible" I quickly got on his back and we zoomed towards my house. He crossed his legs as we flew to prevent himself from losing it. As we were flying I heard him whimper. I looked behind us to find a drop of urine fall, heading towards the ocean.

"It's ok bud, you can make it" I said to him. We got home and several people walked up to Hiccup and Toothless asking several different questions.

I sent Toothless to my house as I answered the questions. He ran as fast he could to my house. As soon as my house came into his line of vision, he sighed, and a squirt of urine escaped his bladder. He doubled over to prevent himself from losing it completely. He started waddling slowly over to my house. As soon as he got onto my lawn, he looked behind him. He saw a bunch of people going about their days. Toothless sighed with frustration because he didn't want a bunch of people to see him pee on his front lawn. So he slowly waddled to the backyard where he looked around, saw no one, and let go. Urine shot out of his crotch like a cannon. He continued to pee for a bot a minute and a half until eventually it slowed down and stopped. After I finished with everyone's questions/conversation I went over to check on him.

When I got there he was walking back from the backyard.

"You make it?" I asked him and he nodded looking relieved.

"Alright, you want to keep flying?" He nodded eagerly and we took off.

*002*2015-06-05 02:20

Ok thanks :)

*003*2015-06-25 21:24

Hiccup POV

A few weeks after the incident, complaints began to arise about dragons 'going' in other people's yards because they didn't know where else to go. So my dad created 'dragon toilets'. They were only giant buckets, but it gave them a place to go. But, after a while they'd fill up. Then they'd need to be emptied and cleaned, and that could take up to a couple hours, and that'd soon be our problem.

While Toothless and I were out flying around, the toilets started to fill up. So they had a final callout and no one came so they brought them to the emptying/cleaning station. bout 5 minutes later, we came back from our flight. I headed back to my house while Toothless went to where the toilets normally were, and they weren't there so he headed back to my house. lied down on the bed and stared at the ceiling. I sighed and said

"That was actually really tiring, I'm going to take a nap, that sound good to you?" He shook his head yes.

"Alright" and I put my head on my pillow and dozed off right then. Toothless curled into a ball and fell asleep soon after.

Toothless POV

I slowly opened my eyes about 2 hours later, before I could even think about why I woke up, it hit me like a slap across the face. The pressure on my bladder was huge. I jammed all 4 of my paws into my crotch, and looked up at Hiccup to find him on his bed, still asleep. I got up slowly to prevent me from waking up Hiccup, and inched towards the door, keeping one of my paws in my crotch at all times. I struggled to open the door, but I eventually got it open and left it slightly open behind me so I could get back in easily. I went over to where the toilets usually were, and they weren't there. Right when I saw they weren't there, I leaked a little, causing me to bring another paw in to prevent any other leakage. At this point, I was panicking, because I didn't know what to do. I ran back to Hiccup's house for help.

Hiccup POV

I got shook awake by Toothless about 2 hours after I fell asleep. I looked up at him and he looked panicked, and he was sitting, with 2 paws in his crotch.

"What's wrong bud?" He shot me a 'really?' look, and looked down at his crotch.

"Why didn't you go to the dragon toilets?" He shook his head no.

"No? what do you mean- they're cleaning them aren't they?" He nodded.

"I would say go in the backyard, but Dad doesn't like it when you do that..."

I thought for a couple seconds and then I heard a hissing noise, that cut off soon after I heard it. I looked at him and he was doubled over and he looked like he was about to burst.

"Alright, can you fly?" He shook his head no.

"Ok, can you walk?" he also shook his head no.

"Perfect, um, wait. All dragon toilets are only giant buckets! Ok, I know what to do." I ran to our closet.

Toothless POV

When he ran off, I thought WHERE IS HE GOING!?!?

He brought back a bucket and said

"Ok, what you're going to do is go in this bucket, and then I'll bring it to my toilet, and flush it. Ok?" I nodded, aimed, and let go.

The pressure was overwhelming, so letting it go was the best feeling ever. I got about half way done when the bucket started to fill.

"Stop, stop, stop!" he said. I tried as hard as I could to stop, and eventually ended up succeeding, but it was twice as difficult to keep holding. I was trembling.

"I going to go empty this out, just hold on.' said Hiccup. and he ran off to his bathroom. Holding it in was getting harder by the second ad then I heard the toilet flush and a small stream started to come out. No, no, no, not when I'm this close I thought to myself.

He then came sprinting back with the bucket and placed it on the ground. I re-aimed and let go, the urine coming out twice as fast. Eventually I finished and he emptied the bucket in the toilet, and put it back in the closet. He then came over to me and patted me on the head and said

"Good boy. Now if you don't mind me, I'm going back to bed." and he then collapsed on his bed.

I chuckled, curled into a ball, and also went to sleep.

*005*2015-06-27 11:52

{{:

Very nice story ^_^ although I would like one where toothless didn't make it, these are very good as well

}}

Thanks, and I'll work on it.

Would you want an alternative ending or an entirely new story?

*007*2015-06-28 15:59

{{:

Thanks, and I'll work on it.

Would you want an alternative ending or an entirely new story?

}}

I'll do both because why not

*009*2015-07-27 13:31

Thanks Poison

Anyway sorry for the delay, here's the alternate ending!

Toothless POV

I came back to the house and panicked. I had no options. The toilets were still being cleaned and there was no where to go. And I couldn't hold it for much longer! I stood their squirming for a couple of seconds before a squirt came out. I doubled over to prevent any more leakage and slowly regained my composure. I was running out of time and I still had no idea what to do. Suddenly, another spurt came out and before I could have time to react to it, I lost control. A huge, warm puddle forming below my feet, I couldn't help but feel relief, though the stress was immense just moments before. Urine jetted out of my crotch the stream getting smaller after a while. It sooned turned into nothing. I sighed as it finished, and not too soon afterwards Hiccup woke up.

"Ugh... Toothless what was that noise" As he opened his eyes, I realized what was about to happen

"Oh God! Toothless! Wh- why!?! If my dad finds out, I'm dead! Get some towels!" I fetched some towels and we cleaned it up. To get rid of the evidence I 'got rid of' the evidence via my dragon breath.

"God, that was close. Toothless" I looked at him "Next time in your in a situation like that, just tell me and we can work something out together alright?"

I nodded "Ok now if you don't mind me" He then collapsed on his bed, asleep. I chuckled and also went to sleep.

*011*2015-07-27 21:50

{{:

Accidents are cute. You should do one where Toothless has one in his sleep, maybe due to a pee dream or something.

}}

Ok, I'll try, but I've never really written anything like that before but I'll do my best

*013*2015-07-28 13:38

{{:

And maybe have it so that he ends up sleeping through his sleep accident too. Waking up or being woken up soon after in the morning, making it much more harder to hide it (or is unable to in time)

}}

Alright I'll start working on it

