The Mission (With Sonicmixer)

Author: livingbylies

*000*2012-08-27 03:57

Note: Contains both Omorashi, sissy, diaper, and messing themes. Story concept by Sonicmixer. Don't take any of this too seriously, it's a bit of a gag story.

Matt got done with his workout a little before lunchtime, feeling on top of the world. His muscles were a little sore, and he needed the loo, but other than that he felt great. He had benched pressed a new record, (160 pounds,) and ran three miles in half an hour, so he was confident.

Laying out his clothes, he stepped into the gym shower to get the sweat washed off. The hot steam filled the room, making it difficult to see, as he stepped in. Scrub scrub, wipe wipe, wash wash, he was done in less than five minutes. However, upon exiting the shower he found his clothes were gone, his towel missing, and all of his possessions gone. However, upon looking out of the room, he saw nobody else there, and a large package on the ground with this written on the top:

1911 Wallaby St, 65982, apartment 2A, Chicago. URGENT! Arrive immediately.

Pulling the package in, Matt opened it up. To his surprise, it was a large pink dress with writing on the front that he didn’t bother to read, a bonnet, stockings, socks, white Mary Janes, and - most strange of all, a large thick white diaper and a pair of plastic pants with an odd snap on the back. Matt was confused, but looking at the box again, he realized what it meant. He didn’t know who it was from, or why, but it was his mission. After all, when he joined the Pen 15 team, they told him his missions would come un-expectedly, out of the blue, and with little explanation.

Determined, he realized he now had to figure out how to put on the outfit. First he tried just pulling on the diaper, but it was clearly tape on, something he hadn’t done in a while. It took a few tries, but he got it on snugly around his waist, though it was a bit high up and a little too tight. Next the plastic pants, they just pulled on easily. However, once he did, the odd snap make a click sound, and when he tried to pull them down he realized the plastic pants were stuck on there. But, it was part of the mission.

The rest of the clothes were easier, though the dress was a bit awkward. He also finally decided to read the writing on it, and saw it said, “Love my diapers,” in childish text. But it was part of the mission. He pulled it on, now dressed for action. Next, he had to get to Chicago.

It was a hundred and six mile drive, but the first part was getting home. He had walked, since the gym was only a mile away. Normally he would have paled at wearing something like this in public, but, like always: Part of the mission. So, taking a deep breath, he walked out into the street, and to his house. Fingers were pointed, children laughed, but he didn’t care: He was doing his job, fulfilling his loyal duty. So, with half a pack of cigarettes and an old pair of sunglasses, he began the drive.

The first hitch came up after half an hour, when the need to pee returned. He couldn’t find a rest stop, it would have been worthless with the diaper permanently fixed around his waist until he got the plastic pants unlocked. He also didn’t want to use the diaper, but if he had too he would. The twinges and tweaks of his bladder grew constantly stronger as he drove, increasing in pain and pressure, until finally he couldn’t take it any more. A slow leak started uncontrollably, and Matt decided it was time to give in.

Letting go, the diaper was quickly flooded. A steady stream poured in, as the flowers on the front of the diaper faded away, replaced with a yellow stain. But there was nothing for it, he had to finish the mission.

Making it to Chicago, he had another problem: His car was out of gas, he had no money, and he had to get to the house. On top of it all, the other half of his toilet issue had returned, and the diaper was still un-removable. So, unphased, he began walking the streets of Chicago to look for the right building. Every step reminded him of the mass in his bowels, aching to get out. After five minutes, though, he realized something: The mission required him to wear diapers. Therefore, the mission wanted him to use diapers. With that realization, now, he had no qualms about what he did next.

Crouching over slightly in the middle of a busy sidewalk, Matt made a small face, forcing the mess into the back of his diaper. He was already getting a dozen strange looks a second, this doubled that when the odor started to drift away. There was no hiding what he had done, after all the diaper poking out from the short dress was clearly visible. But he didn’t care, it was for the mission.

It was also the strangest ‘Disturbing the peace’ call that Officer Smith had ever had to handle, tackling and pinning down the frilly pink, stinky, diaper-wearing cross dresser after he tried to flee, pepper spraying him in the face, and then leaving him to stew in his own (literal) juices for an hour in the back of a police car, then another twelve hours in a jail cell, until he was found to be a little bit crazy, and dumber then a sack of bricks, as was the official jurisdiction.

The next day, Michael Smith of Mike’s Gym and Body work called up his girlfriend. He was an un-ashamed infantialist, as was his long distance girlfriend. “Hey, sweetie, you get my package?” he asked. “I am coming to visit tomorrow, I thought it would be so sweet if you were wearing that when I got there.”

“No, what package?”

