Desperate For Her - Lesbian Desperation

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-06-04 22:38

Hi all. It's been a while since I wrote a watersports story. I've been busy writing horror under my alter ego 'Valentine King

'. But I'm back with my latest, revolving round desperation after several requests.

In "Desperate For Her

," Sarah is too scared to leave her kitchen when a spider appears on the floor, shivering naked on a stool, knowing her best friend will soon arrive to take her to work. Worst of all, she's dying to pee. Over the course of the story her bladder gets closer and closer to bursting whilst all the time she has to control her burgeoning lesbian feelings for her best friend, climaxing in a very wet finish!

If you like the first chapter, check out the rest here $$

Love to you all!

Luna

Chapter 1- Too Scared To Go

Sarah had been in the kitchen for an hour and her bladder was close to bursting. She had felt so different when she'd first climbed out of the bed that morning. Humming happily, she'd been enjoying the beautifully sunny morning as she skipped naked downstairs and into the kitchen, switching on the kettle as she glanced out of the window. The garden was just starting to come to life, winter was fading away and the flowers were in bloom. All was right with the world.

She turned away for a moment to reach into the breadbin and that was when she saw it, the biggest spider she'd ever seen in her life. It had been crawling silently along the freshly mopped tiles but as Sarah began to scream, it froze almost as if it heard her. Staying quite still, it seemed to look up at her as she acrobatically leapt onto the nearest stool, breasts wobbling as she balanced precariously and trying to control her pounding heart.

Fantastic, she thought to herself, now what? The minute hand on the clock began to sweep round as Sarah and the spider remained as still as statues. Ten minutes passed but the spider just stayed there, not moving. Sarah was feeling woozy, fear racing through her as she stood on tiptoes, wishing she was brave enough to just step down and stomp on it. Even the thought of getting any closer to it sent another shudder of fear through her. She only had an hour before she was due at work and if she was late again there'd be hell to pay. As more time passed, Sarah felt her bladder becoming uncomfortably full and she began to squirm on top of the stool, never taking her eyes off the spider for fear it might leap towards her.

Her normal routine had gone completely to pot. It was always kettle on, into bathroom, pee, teeth clean, wash, back to kitchen for tea and toast and then wash up before shower and then hair dry and make up done ready for Jenny's knock on the door and then car pool to work. Now she was already behind. She could maybe get away without a shower but her stomach was rumbling with hunger even as her bladder kept reminding her she hadn't been to the toilet yet this morning.

Sarah wished she didn't have such a strong phobia of spiders but wishing didn't make it go away. Might as well wish there was a toilet on this stool, she thought as a jolt of pain hit her and she shuddered again. She lowered her tiptoes as her ankles and calves could last no longer. Her bare knees were rubbing together as she clamped her hands between her legs, glancing at the clock again to see Jenny was due any minute.

Holding her breath, she tried to climb down from the stool, not wanting to risk Jenny seeing her naked. As she put one foot on the floor, the spider moved an inch towards her and with a gasp she leapt back up, shivering in terror at the thought of it coming any closer. Luckily it stopped again, leaving her sweating and panting for breath, her chest heaving as she fought to control her bladder, squeezing the muscles in between her legs as a squirt of pee threatened to push its way out of her.

She jumped when there was a knock on the door. She held her breath, hoping Jenny would go away, not see her like this. There was another knock and Sarah thought hard, trying to remember whether she'd locked the door before bed last night.

"Sarah? Are you in?" came Jenny's voice through the letterbox. "What are you doing? I can see your legs!"

"Don't come in!" Sarah shouted but it was too late. Leaning down, she could see through the hall to the opening door as Jenny pushed it open and stepped inside. She looked up and caught sight of Sarah, standing totally naked on top of her kitchen stool, coated in sweat, her hair a mess and her eyes wide with a mix of panic and embarrassment.

"I'm so sorry," Sarah said. "I..." She stopped there, not sure what she could possibly say to explain herself.

Jenny looked her up and down, taking in the swell of her breasts, one arm crossing the chest so at least her nipples were hidden. She was impressed by Sarah's taut flat stomach but confused by the sight of the hand clamped between her thighs. "Are you okay?" she asked. "Is it casual day at work today? Am I a bit too overdressed?"

She smiled and that helped break the tension. "I'm such an idiot," Sarah said. "There's a spider and I hate them and...and..." She realised she was talking to fast but Jenny made a calming gesture with her outstretched hands.

"It's okay. Where is it? Oh I see it." Jenny grabbed an empty glass from the counter top and placed it gently over the spider, which suddenly seemed much smaller now it was safely contained. Sarah didn't get down until it was safely dumped out of the kitchen window. Jenny took her hand and helped her from the stool, looking down at her body for just a little too long before meeting Sarah's gaze. The two of them stood there looking at each other for a moment, neither of them saying anything, a tension in the air that had never existed between them before.

"We better get going," Jenny said at last. "Or we'll be late."

"I...err..." Sarah cleared her throat. "I'll just go get dressed. Won't be a second."

"Make it quick," Jenny shouted after her as Sarah dashed up the stairs. Jenny found herself watching Sarah's pert bottom as she took the steps two at a time, flashing hints of her smooth pussy as she reached the landing and disappeared into her bedroom. "We're going to be late!"

Sarah stood in her bedroom, wriggling on the spot as she pulled on her business suit. She brushed the creases from her pencil skirt and then buttoned her charcoal jacket. She was still running the brush through her hair as she descended the stairs.

"Can we never talk about this?" she asked as they left the house and climbed into Jenny's car. "And get there quick."

"Why?" Jenny asked as she set off and joined the traffic heading into the city.

"Because I'm bursting for a pee!"

Hope you liked the opening chapter!

*006*2014-07-01 10:05

{{: 

More please.

}}

{{: 

Omg this is awesome! When is chapter two coming?

}}

{{: 

This is beautiful. Love the detail ~~

}}

{{: 

Beautifully written, I love stories where fear has a part !

}}

{{: 

I loved it, i cant wait for the next bit :)

}}

Thanks for all your lovely comments and huge thanks to anyone who bought the whole ebook $$ from Amazon. Here's chapter 2 for you all and if anyone is wonderfully nice enough to post a review of the story on the Amazon book page I'll upload the next chapter to say thanks and even better, I'll gladly send the reviewer a free watersports story just for them! Anyway, enough of promoting and on with the story!

Chapter 2 - No Relief at Work

Jenny turned to look at her. "Why didn't you go before we left you idiot?"

"You said we'd be late. I can't be late again. I'm in their bad books enough as it is."

Sarah felt torn between two impossible decisions. They were likely to get there on time but she might wet herself before they get there. If she'd relieved herself at home, there was a high probability she'd be unemployed by lunchtime.

Jenny switched the radio on and began singing along as they negotiated one traffic light after another. Sarah wasn't enjoying the journey at all, she wanted to lift her skirt and stick her hand between her legs as she had in the kitchen. Having humiliated herself enough in front of her friend, she resisted, instead sitting on her hands and rocking slightly in her chair, wincing as the seat belt dug into her in just the wrong place. Her bladder felt fuller than ever, pressing against the waistband of her tight skirt and threatening to overflow any moment.

She tried jiggling her legs up and down, her feet tapping on the foot well but by the time they pulled into the car park, she felt close to bursting. She knew she couldn't last much longer, her whole body seemed to be aching with her desire to urinate.

She leapt out of the car and ran for the door, leaving Jenny behind in her rush to get to the toilet as fast as possible. She swung through the revolving door and nodded to Clare on reception, not stopping until she reached the door to the ladies. She was about to walk in when she heard her name being shouted.

"Sarah, we've been waiting for you. Come on!"

Sarah turned. Alan was standing there, arms folded. Next to him were three Japanese businessmen with briefcases and unsmiling faces. Sarah swore to herself, she'd forgotten about the morning briefing. She was meant to be presenting to these three, convincing them to invest here and not with their rivals.

Trying to ignore the pressure inside her she walked over and bowed to the three men before following them up the stairs to the conference room. As she reached the top of the steps she gasped, feeling a trickle of pee force its way out of her and soak into her panties. She clenched everything she could and hoped it wouldn't show through her skirt as the men took their seats and she shuffled to the front of the room, standing by the flipchart.

The original plan had been to use the projector for this presentation but a rumour had gone round that these guys preferred flipcharts so this one had been dusted off just for today. As Sarah began to run through the figures, she glanced from one person to the next, wondering if they could tell how desperate she was to pee.

Cursing her lack of makeup and messy hair, Sarah tried to concentrate on the presentation, feeling the warm wetness between her legs as another trickle of pee fell out of her, making her drop her marker pen with shock. She leaned down for it, gasping with shame as a spurt of pee gushed out of her, running out of the side of her panties and trickling down her thigh.

She clamped her legs together as she stood back up, hoping they wouldn't be able to see or smell what was happening. Somehow she got to the end of the presentation and the men left with Alan, closing the door behind them and leaving Sarah to collapse into a chair, her head in her hands.

She thought fast. To get downstairs to the toilet might take more out of her than she had left, she was so desperate it was going to come out any moment. There was a knock on the door and then Jenny stuck her head in.

"How did it go?"

"Come in and shut the door, quick!"

Jenny came in, closing the door and lowering the blinds before turning to face Sarah. "What is it? What's the matter?"

"Oh god Jenny, I'm about to wet myself. What do I do?"

Jenny blinked in shock for a minute than frowned as she thought. "You still haven't been?"

"I didn't have time. My panties are soaked but I daren't get up in case it all comes out. I'm so desperate Jenny, help me!"

Jenny looked round the room, then spotted the bin in the corner. She grabbed it and emptied the contents onto the floor. "Here, use this."

"You're kidding. I can't pee in a bin?"

"Do you have a choice? I'll lock the door, you'll be fine."

Sarah looked down at the metal bin, wondering if she could do this, especially with someone else in the room. Her bladder told her she had seconds left to make her mind up, so trying to ignore Sarah's presence as she lifted her skirt to her waist and pulled her soaking wet panties down, kicking them off her ankles before squatting over the bin, her knees spread wide as she sighed, her cheeks burning red as she relaxed her bladder.

A few drops of pee squeezed out of her and ran down her labia before dripping down into the bin. She pushed her muscles and a squirt of pee sprayed out, coating her thighs and the carpet before strengthening into a strong flow of yellow urine. The sound of loud hissing filled the air just as a knock came on the door behind her.

The flow stopped as if cut off by a tap. Sarah jumped to her feet in shock, pushing her skirt back into place, kicking her panties out of sight under the table as Jenny unlocked the door.

Alan was standing in the doorway and glared at the two of them. "Not interrupting anything am I?" He didn't wait for an answer. "Sarah, can I see you in my office please?"

Hope you all liked chapter 2!

Love Luna

