The Wild Tempest - Page 25

Author: OmoCommando

*600*2013-06-16 10:14

{{Is there by any chance a defibrillator to revive Carly?

}}

Even if there was, it is unlikely you would get the chance to use it before defeating the Imperial General.

*604*2013-06-16 21:49

Jenni is currently at the main computer core attempting to do a cold restart of the system. She will be unavailable for the remainder of the mission.

$

*606*2013-06-18 08:15

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Critical

Michelle: Dying

Lewis: Dying

Dean: Dying

Natsumi: Critical

Squad Bladder Status:

(no longer relevant)

Equipped Weapon: M8 SD Pistol (5/8 shots)

Tempest Status:

Shields: 85%

Hull Integrity: 8%

Enemy Ship Status:

Shields: 2%

Hull Integrity: 91%

___

You aim your pistol and you unload on the bastard. All five shots connect, Natsumi fires as well, the General staggers back at the sudden and massive amount of gunfire striking his chest plate.

Imperial General:

Wounded --> Critical

You cast the empty weapon aside, and run up to your adversary, your eyes burning with fury. You jump up and kick him in the head, knocking off his helmet and sending him falling backward. You then jump atop his chest, and clench your fist. All your anger, all your hatred, every desire to avenge your fallen comrade, you channel it through your arm...

Hit after hit, punch after punch, the soldier began to bleed everywhere. At last, you deliver one final devastating punch, straight to the bottom of his chin. His head flies upward, and then he goes still.

You pant heavily, your heart is racing. Never had you flown into such a frenzy before. All that dark energy pulsating in you... it felt unnatural.

But you had avenged Carly. That General would never tell his troops of the magnificent killing of a commando. That much, at least, felt quite good.

You then walk over to your fallen comrade. If only for closure... you had to be sure. You had to check. You look over at her, a gaping hole in her chest, and- wait.

It didn’t look that bad. Is it possible...?

“Carly!” You shout.

The woman suddenly coughs and sputters. “I’m here, Isabel... How’d we do?”

“We beat him. Thanks to you.”

Jenni’s voice then comes over the radio. “Computer fully restored, Commander! All weapons should be coming online.”

“Excellent work, Lieutenant!” The commander shouts. “All cannons, fire!”

You hear the massive booming of the ship’s forward cannons and missile launchers all firing at once. You run back to the gunnery station and look at the display of the enemy ship.

Enemy Ship Status:

Shields: Offline

Hull Integrity: 74%

61%

...43%

......20%

...6%

You smile proudly as you watch the alien ship ignite in a cloud of gaseous vapor and debris. You did it. You had completely turned the tables on what most would have deemed an impossible situation.

“We did it...” Some says behind you. You turn your head, and there’s Michelle standing up, smiling. “Nicely done, Captain.”

“I couldn’t have done without all of you.” You say. “Come on, we should get Carly to sick bay.”

_____

“How is she?” You ask the young private.

“She’ll live, but I don’t think she’s going to be seeing any missions anytime soon.” Lewis replies. “My medic training isn’t extensive, but if I’m reading the patient diagnostic correctly, the plasma burns have burned and damaged a lot of her nerves and muscles near the spinal column.”

“What does that mean?” Jenni asks.

“She’s paralyzed.” You sigh in dismay. This was a horrible fate to befall any soldier.

“I think the damage can be corrected though. A republic hospital has the treatment for such wounds.” Lewis adds.

“But between that and the physical therapy, she could be out of commission for several years...” You move over to Carly’s side at the bed, and hold her hand. “I’m so sorry, Carly.”

“It’s fine, Isabel.” Carly assures you. “We got the job done, and prevented a lot of technology from falling into enemy hands.” She manages a weak laugh. “But... I think you’re going to need a new demolitions specialist.”

You put your hand on her cheek. “There’ll always be a place for you on Blue Team.”

“She should rest, Captain.” Lewis says.

You nod, and step out of the room. You are immediately greeted by Commander Reynolds. “Captain, you’ve done a great service to the Republic today.”

“All part of the job, Commander.” You reply.

“Indeed.” The two of you begin walking down the corridor. “Is there anything you think I should include in my report?”

“Nothing that won’t be covered in my own report, ma’am.”

Reynolds sighs. “I’m sorry about lieutenant Montgomery.”

“She did her duty, ma’am.” You respond dryly. “Most of us die in that line, but she was spared death.”

“Yes... commando duty can be unforgiving.”

“Was there something you needed me for, Commander?”

Reynolds takes a breath. “I just wanted to express my gratitude, Captain. If your team hadn’t shown up, I doubt I’d still be alive.”

“Your welcome then, ma’am.”

“Also!” She says sharply “I need to know what you plan to do with the rebel leader.”

“Natsumi?” You think for a minute. What were you going to do with her? Ships logs would likely prove it was her who stole the cruiser. Plus if her memory suddenly came back, she could become vengeful. “As you know, she’s suffering from amnesia right now. Under the circumstances...” You didn’t want to do this. She helped you and this was a horrible way to repay her. “...I think we should-”

“Should what?”

You spin around to see Natsumi standing behind you. “Oh! Um...”

“I’ll save you the time. I remember. Everything. I don’t know if your sniper just has a twitchy trigger finger, or if you ordered that but...”

Natsumi delivers a straight punch to your jaw, and you fall down to the floor. That super strength was still quite active. “Either way, I owe you a lot more for that.”

Reynolds immediately draws her pistol and aims it at Natsumi, but the warrior woman uses a crescent kick to knock the gun out of her hands, then lightly kicks the commander, sending her backward.

You spit out blood, your jaw stings immensely from that hit. “Yeah, I deserve it.”

“Glad we agree on that.” She walks up to you then and extends a hand. “With that out of the way, perhaps we can get back to more important things.”

You don’t know why you’re doing it, but you take her hand. Natsumi pulls you back up to your feet effortlessly. “Important things such as?”

“You proved yourself a true warrior in my eyes. If you ever need my help, just call me.”

“Hold on, you need to answer for what happened here.” Reynolds says.

“Technically, she did.” You say. “Received the death penalty.”

Both Reynolds and Natsumi raise an eyebrow. “I... guess it could be viewed that way.”

“Commander, Natsumi was instrumental in taking back the ship. I think, in this case, we can record her as ‘dead’, can’t we?” You wink.

Reynolds grins and nods. “I think so. The Republic would take you into custody regardless of what you did here, so... I think we can do that.”

Natsumi smiles. “Thank you.”

“Don’t let it go to your head.” Reynolds points out. “In a way it was your fault we ended up in this mess.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll make myself scarce after this.” Natsumi assures her.

“Hmph.” Reynolds turns around. “I’ll be on the bridge, Captain.”

You and Natsumi then begin to finish the walk. “Please understand, Isabel. I only intended to help my fellow colonists.”

“Yeah, I understand.”

“It’s a harder life out there than people realize. Just because there’s less law doesn’t make it easier to live.”

“I’ll do everything in my power to convince the Republic that the colonists’ need is dire.”

“I appreciate it.”

You then see someone ahead; Jenni. She walks into a nearby locker room, presumably using the bathroom. When you got back to Earth, the first thing to do was get rid of this damn serum that keeps plaguing your team’s bladders.

On that note, you kind of had to pee too. In fact, more than kind of.

But then she peeks out and smiles at you, in a not-so-innocent way. You aren’t sure what to do... though you’re pretty sure you knew what the woman was after.

You are then startled by a quick nudge from Natsumi. “Go. She’s obviously waiting for you.”

Your heart starts beating faster, you can feel your skin becoming moist with sweat. Then slowly, you enter the locker room. You can’t help but feel a sense of both naughtiness and anxiety as you walk in. You turn the corner and there’s Jenni.

“Hey, Captain.” she says lewdly.

“Lieutenant.”

She gets up off the bench and walks up to you. She playfully runs a finger from your chin, to your chest, to just below your navel. “Remember what I said? After the mission?”

“Yes?”

“So... It’s now after the mission.”

Jenni immediately grabs you by the shoulders and presses her lips firmly against yours. “I wanted so much to tell you how I loved you.” she says while kissing you.

“I know...” you say between kisses, “Trying... to stay... professional.”

“Exactly.”

In that moment, you take Jenni around the shoulders and begin kissing her around the neck. The sensation of her flesh on your lips, your heart begins to pick up the pace yet more. You knew what you wanted. You didn’t even have to think about it. Your mind was a ship on auto pilot, and all that mattered was the destination.

Instinctively, your hands go lower, feeling the contours of Jenni’s slender body. Starting from those hips of hers, you slowly work your way around to that soft rear of hers.

You could feel your partner’s hands slowly move up to your breasts. Her gentle touch upon your body, you could really feel yourself starting to become moist. One thing was obstructing you from maximum pleasure... these damn body suits.

As the two of you fence with your tongues, you softly take Jenni’s hands and place them upon the neck of your suit... right where the seal began. Jenni immediately takes the handle and begins to pull down...

All the way down... until it stopped between your navel and your crotch. She then takes the sides of your unsealed suit and pulls it open. Naturally, you work your way out of the sleeves until your upper body was bare.

Now it was your partner’s turn. Excitedly, you feel for the top of her suit, taking the handle and pulling it downward. Jenni slips her arms out and lets the suit go limp.

As you begin exploring the shape of her breasts, you feel Jenni’s hand begin to rub against your crotch. Never had you felt such intense sensations of pleasure before, each stroke of her hand creating waves of bliss that spread across your body... the exhilaration, the euphoria, you didn’t even hear yourself moaning. With each caress of Jenni’s fingers, though, your ability to hold became weaker and weaker. You wanted to tell her to stop, you knew if she kept going, you would lose control! But it felt so good... you couldn’t ask her stop... each stroke was sending wonderful pulses of delight through your-

Oh no... The muscles contract, and something spills out of you. You can’t stop it. Next thing you know, you’re peeing in your suit.

Once again, you feel your suit begin to flood with warm fluid... with Jenni’s hand still upon you.

“Ohh... ohmigosh... I’m so sorry!” You say to her.

Much to your surprise, however, Jenni laughs and shakes the urine off of her hand. “I don’t really mind.” Jenni takes your hand and puts it on her own crotch. You then feel your hand start to become warm and wet. Urine begins to pour into your hand.

It should be gross, right? It was pee after all. Jenni was peeing in your hand! And yet... when you look at the satisfied expression on her face... It only ends up exciting you more.

“Uwaaaahhh!!!” You yell. “J-Jenni!?”

“Hmm... now we’re even.” She says lewdly.

It was now an uncontrollable impulse, like being at a banquet after not having eaten in days. You wanted, so badly, to feel every aspect of Jenni’s body. You wanted to give her as much pleasure as you possibly could, so much pleasure she would be gasping and screaming... and you knew she wanted to do the same to you.

“Let’s get these suits off all the way.” You say.

______

Congratulations! You’ve reached the end of the Wild Tempest!

Mission: Success!

After-action report:

Republic Marine Corps, Special operations, Commando branch, “Blue Team”.

Commanding Officer: Isabel Lester, Captain

Executive Officer/Designated Marksman: Michelle Smith, First Lieutenant

Tech Specialist: Jennifer Freeman, Second Lieutenant

Demolitions Specialist: Carly Montgomery, Second Lieutenant (WIA)

Mission Summary: MIA ship Wild Tempest has reappeared in known space. Blue team is dispatched to investigate the ship, and try and recover if possible. It became known that local insurrectionists were responsible for the ship’s disappearance and intended to hand the ship over to the Kauranian Empire in exchange for full autonomy. The Empire did not hold up its end of the bargain. A single battle cruiser arrived to take possession of the ship and betrayed the rebels. Blue team eliminated all kauranian boarding parties, and destroyed the enemy ship. Mission details listed below:

2 Squad members survived: +2000

Recovered 4 survivors: +800

1 command officer saved: +200

Enemies Defeated: +3230

Injuries: -1000

Damage to Tempest: -1600

1 squad member suffered crippling injury: -500

Raimus was killed: -300

Natsumi was assassinated: -500

Natsumi was recruited: +300

Super Serum Assembled: +250

Defeated a Kauranian General: +500

Destroyed an Imperial Cruiser: +1000

Total Mission Points earned: 4380

Mission Rating: Average

The mission was a success. While your performance wasn’t exemplary, neither was it bad. You did what you had to under extenuating circumstances and were able to recover the Tempest with minimal casualties and/or collateral damage. The Republic honors your work with the Emerald Star for valor and bravery. For a commando, it was not an uncommon medal, but in your heart you know you did well.

___

Thanks again for contributing to the development of this story! I certainly hope you've enjoyed it as much as I have.

