Preapre to Fail - desperation during the chemistry exam (Original Content)

Author: JohnJames

*000*2015-10-04 04:15

Hey everyone, big time fan of the site but I've never really taken the time to sit down and write something before. Please feel free to tell me what you think, and I hope you enjoy it.

====

Alison clenched her thighs together once more and looked at the clock. Only five minutes had passed but it seemed like hours. In a panic about the exam, she had spent every second before studying. Usually she was calm and prepared, but this was Chemistry, the one result that truly matter if she was going to get in to medicine. At eighteen, she was looking forward to moving to University and had already received an invite to one of the best Universities in the country; although it was far away from home, she figured she was an adult now and she would get used to. Few people in the year aspired to her heights, and there were fewer than thirty people in a year of a hundred students taking the exam.

Alison was one of the best students in the class, as she was in all her classes, but even she had panicked about this one. This was the written exam, and every last detail had to be right. She had spilled over pages of notes while drinking an energy drink, getting a rush of energy to fuel her through one of two hour exam. As she opened the paper, along with everyone else in the room, she quickly skimmed through the paper and felt a sense of relief, certain that there was nothing too tricky in it. This was quite premature, as she noticed around 20 minutes in that her bladder was rapidly filling. She chewed on her pencil and tried to focus, but her mind kept wandering back to the fullness of her bladder.

Still chewing on her pencil, she continued to answer the questions. She was careful to write out each of the main arguments she wanted to make for each one, as her mind was still wandering back to her problem. It was best not to worry and focus, but she knew that that her situation would keep jumping to the forefront of her mind. Even in her rising panic she was making sure that she could get back on track as quickly as possible. The exam was notoriously difficult, with many students finding it hard to finish it in time.

She needed every second she could get. She had a natural ability for writing quickly and coherently, but even she was worried by the closeness of some of the practice tests she had done. The energy drink was an irregularity she hadn’t prepared for, something she took in a nervous moment. Even if she had made sure to get the toilet before the exam, she wouldn’t have given herself this extra burden. She cursed herself twice, for not preparing properly and for allowing her bladder to take over her thoughts again.

Since the class was so small, everyone was at least on talking terms. Despite being difficult, it was quite a fun subject. Each of the students were ambitious and intelligent, although they were still teenagers. Many of the boys, and even a few of the girls, found Alison quite attractive, and rightly so – she was good-looking in a girl-next-door kind of fashion. She was average height and build, curvaceous and with B cups that complimented her figure perfectly. Her medium length brown hair was generally tucked in behind her hair and the fantasies of the teenagers often flashed to her pushing that lock of her back into place. Still, despite so many interested parties, Alison had chosen to focus on school. She still had friends, actually quite a few, and was well known for the many extra-curricular activities she took part in.

Her mind had wandered back to her bladder and, without thinking, her hand had went to her crotch. Alison’s hands pushed the royal blue of her school uniform’s skirt into her pussy, and she felt her face turn red as she quickly glanced around to make sure no-one had caught her embarrassing moment. Thankfully, everyone was completely focused on the exam, many of them with their faces screwed up in concentration. With a startle, she shifted her eyes back to her own exam. Her face still red, she took off her black blazer and put it on the ground, loosening her tie and undoing the top button of her white blouse. The thin material hinted at her pink bra, which matched her panties. Alison would never admit to this sort of silly superstition, but she always felt luckier when she wore this set of underwear. She really hoped they would bring her luck today.

Another question was done, and she allowed herself to glance at the clock on the wall, under which the teachers sat. She saw that another half hour had gone by, and she was happy to see that she was pretty much on schedule, maybe even a little ahead of where she needed to be. She thought briefly about asking the teachers if she could pop out to the bathroom and relieve herself, although she was sure they would say no. They didn’t want to enable a way for people to cheat, although there was little chance of that. More than that though, she didn’t want to draw attention to herself. Picking up her blazer, she put it over her lap as another spasm hit her bladder. It was getting bad. Still, she put her mind back on the exam – her plan now was to finish the exam as thoroughly as possible, really concentrating and making sure she got every point down. Then she could risk asking to be excused, and would feel secure knowing she had finished to the best of her ability.

It was another while before she felt her bladder twitch. Feeling her face get red again, she reached under her blazer in a subtle a manner as possibly, planning to hold herself – although the thought filled her with shame, she hoped the covering blazer would hide her actions from the other students. She really didn’t want anyone to see her acting like such a child – gossip spread quickly among the small school and, although she might pretend not to care, she didn’t want people to laugh at her. She moved her hand slowly towards her pussy, inching closer – then a loud voice shouted out, “Half an hour left!”

She hadn’t been expecting that. Her face turned beetroot as a spurt of pee escaped her pussy, dampening her pink panties. Although it wasn’t a massive slip, she could feel the warm wetness of her crotch and her mind raced in a panic. Moving her hand quickly to her crotch, she let out a quiet groan as she realised she just made it more likely that the wetness would soak through on to her skirt. Although she had never tested it before, she was almost certain that the material wasn’t waterproofed from the inside.

Squeezing her pussy despite knowing this, she forced herself to calm down. The announcement meant that the exam was almost over and she hoped, really hoped, that she could make it the rest of the way through without incident. Before getting back to the exam, she had a quick glance around; everyone was still writing. Looking at her paper, she saw she was on the last question – an essay that would take up the whole half hour. Her bladder was taking up more and more of her focus but she shuffled in her seat and pushed on through. The wetness in her crotch cooled to her body temperature and she tried to ignore it.

Looking at the clock, she put down her pen. Ten minutes were left. At least she was done, but now she had nothing else to focus on other than her bladder. Her swollen stomach was pushing against the elastic of her skirt, making things much more urgent. She jiggled her legs and begged for the time to go by. Again, she thought about asking the teachers but she realised by looking around that a few other people were starting to finish and she reasoned that they wouldn’t want to let any students go this close to the end for fear of causing a stampede of people who “needed the bathroom”.

As she thought about this, her mind must have lingered on the thought of the toilet too long. A spurt shot out past her clenched pussy, and tears started forming in her eyes as she felt the wetness spread further up her crotch, and onto to her ass. It was definitely going to start soaking through, so she forced herself to at least let go of the front of the skirt to make it only show on the back. At least then she would have a chance of hiding it, tying her blazer around herself and moving quickly after everyone had filed out. She thought about the inevitable crowd of people that would gather outside, talking about how they did in the exam, but knew that if she was covered she could just quickly move through and hope for the best. It wasn’t the greatest plan but it was made out of panic.

The minute hand slowly crept around to the hour. She had made it. The supervising teachers got up and shouted, “Okay, everyone, pens down! That means now!” and people started to mill towards the exits. Watching others get up, her soaked panties seemed to cling to her in a way she couldn’t ignore. She knew that if everyone didn’t leave quickly, and by that she meant right now, then this about to become far worse. She thought about what everyone would say, how they would laugh – she would leave a legacy at the school as the final year student who pissed herself. She shifted and felt the wetness shift too. She worried again about how big the wet spot would be on her skirt.

She came back to the room to notice something was wrong. Not all the students were leaving. Tears welling in her eyes, she realised something. A hitch. Some of the pupils got extra time on the exam, usually due to dyslexia or something similar. Fuck. She hadn’t thought on that.

Another spurt escaped, and she clenched with all her might. The teachers would be coming around soon, asking her why she hadn’t left. People would find out what had happened.

In a panic, she let loose. Her panties become resoaked in pee, and quickly spilled over on to her skirt. Mortified, the pee leaked out of her. She couldn’t stop it. There was a very light hiss but thankfully no-one was close enough to hear it. But, she realised snapping out of her shock, that the plastic seat would only hold so much liquid. Soon it would spill over.

She made a decision to try and get up. But she couldn’t stem the flow. Her legs had turned to jelly. She put her head on the desk, covering them with her arms. Soon she heard the sound of pee leaking from the seat onto the floor, and she started to gently weep. Over the sound of the pee, she could hear a few gasps and murmurs, gossiping teenagers only too eager for this juicy bit of news. She had wet herself. Soon everyone would know.

A concerned teacher came over and whispered, “Is everything okay Alison?” Even though the teacher was trying to be quiet, his words seemed to echo to her, spreading so that everyone could hear. There were only around six students left in the room, and they all looked over. More than one giggled, while others just felt bad for her. She wasn’t a bad person, she didn’t deserve this. As quietly as she could, she whispered back, “I.. I’ve had an accident.” Further laughing was evidence enough that she hadn’t whispered quiet enough.

The teacher quickly helped her to her feet, and she noticed immediately that everything was completely soaked. She couldn’t hide that from anyone. Tears fell fast as she thought about all the kids, many of them younger, who would laugh at her and talk about her as a joke for years to come. The teacher gather her bag, grabbing her blazer from her but letting go quickly once he realised it was wet. He sympathetically put an arm around her, and led her out the exit as little bursts of laughter followed her. More than one of those taking glee in her embarrassment was turned on by what they saw, but they covered this with taunting. Later one, when they reflected on it, it would be all that they thought about. For now, it was funny gossip.

By some small mercy, another teacher had moved the rest of the students away from the gym where the exam was being held. The teacher led her up to the main office, where only the school secretary was sitting. As the teacher explained what had happened, she noticed a small glimmer of laughter appear on the secretary’s face. She was only in her mid-20s herself, and the pain struck deep with her as Alison turned away from the secretary, who was covering her smile with her hand.

“No problem, we should have spare clothes you can change into. Here, take this plastic bag for your… dirty things. Here, I’ll get you somewhere to change.”

The secretary knocked on the door of the vice-headmaster’s office, who opened it with eyes raised. It was obvious what had happened when she saw the state of the final year student, a wet spot starting at her crotch and all the way down the front of her skirt, grey socks soaked and barely holding back tears.

The teacher quickly exited, and allowed her to use the office to change. As soon as she was alone, Alison allowed herself to cry deeply. She had needed to do that. She started taking off her soaked things, still standing near the door. She started with her shoes, throwing them into her bag. Then her socks, which she used to wipe down her thighs. Next she took offer her skirt, stuffing it in with the rest. She came to her panties and the tears took over her again. She peeled them off, wiping her pussy with them. She thought about how this all seemed like a bad dream. It was even a slight fantasy she had had once or twice, humiliating herself in front of the people that respected her so much. Taking the pile of spare clothes that the secretary had handed her, she realised with a cringe that the panties they had given her were obviously meant for someone far younger. They didn’t expect seniors to piss themselves. Accidents do happen though.

She was teased about it. When she came back to school the next day, giggles followed her everywhere. The whole school knew. They even made a joke about it during the final year leaving assembly, some of the meaner kids putting a slide in the traditional fake awards show that she was “Most Likely to Get a P in Her Exam Results”. She cringed, a feeling she was getting used to. She got over it though. Her results came back and, although she wouldn’t like to retry it, she almost smirked as she thought about how needing to pee had made her brain work in a hurried but focused way. Alison moved away to the University of her dreams, glad to put all that childishness behind her and start with a new image; the grown-up adult ready to compete with other intelligent young people and train for one of the most difficult jobs around. She just hoped no more accidents would ruin her image.

*004*2015-10-14 23:20

Thanks! Happy you guys enjoyed it, I hope to post some more in the future (once I get around to actually writing it).

