Jessica's Interview

Author: Flush

*000*2014-03-31 18:55

As usual, it's been a while since I posted/finished a story - warning; with it's 16 pages it's quite lengthy - but that's how I like them.

I started writing this story after the story writing competition, and although this wasn't written as an entry, my story follows the the scenario of the competition.

Hope you enjoy reading as much as I enjoyed writing it!

Disclaimer: This story contains female desperation, holding, wetting and humiliation.

- - JESSICA'S INTERVIEW - -

Jessica once again adjusted her tight grey business skirt, and looked up to the tall classic office tower which was now right in front of her. There she was, standing still in the middle of a constant stream of people walking in and out of the building, most of them yelling through their expensive smartphones, not caring about the nervous 22-year old they were passing by, so busy with their work that they failed to notice the restless look in her eyes, her hands trembling uncontrollably, adrenaline rushing through her veins.

Her interview would start in fifteen minutes - her first since she graduated cum laude from college - and no matter how prepared she was or how suited she was for the open position, Jessica was extremely nervous. Supported by her outstanding school grades, she had decided to take the ambitious career route, unlike many of her friends. Yes, the economy was tough, especially for graduates, but Jessica didn’t want just a job - she wanted THE job - the salary wasn’t all that important to her, but the medium-maintenance position and career opportunities were.

Glancing at her watch, she decided to enter the building, wanting to make a confident first impression by arriving a few minutes early, making sure that whoever was interviewing her would not have to wait for her. “Okay, here we go”, she thought to herself as she walked through the revolving door together with a dozen of people she didn’t know, trying to calm down her nerves.

As the cool breeze of air conditioning brushed her bare arms, she felt her bladder twitch, and Jessica asked herself how that was even possible - she had used the bathroom at her apartment before leaving, just thirty minutes ago? Trying not to indulge her nervous symptoms, she pushed the thought away in the back of her mind and obliged herself to concentrate on the job description that she had read literally a thousand of times. The department she was interviewing with wasn’t located in the main tower, but the direction signs inside the building were pretty clear, and after walking through the long glass passage which connected the two buildings, she arrived at the department lobby.

The contrast with the main hall couldn’t be any bigger; while the latter was filled with people walking in all possible directions, sounds of elevators opening and closing, energetic like a wasps nest, the department lobby was ruled by complete silence. Jessica barely noticed the receptionists desk, which was situated in the back of the giant modern area. Putting on her best smile, she paced forward, taking a gander at her watch again - she was ten minutes early. Usually she would wait just a little while longer to present herself, but there was no place to hide in the almost empty hall, and she didn’t want to make an impression as a fearful personality, even when it was just to the receptionist. Behind the desk there was a young woman, about Jessica’s age, talking on the phone, politely smiling back to Jessica, implying that she had noticed the visitor, and that she would take care of her after she finished her telephone conversation.

Jessica waited by the desk and checked out the receptionist; she was wearing a formal two-piece suit with a grey skirt, almost like Jessica’s but a little shorter in size. Jessica smiled to herself; she had selected her outfit well for interviewing - at least her clothing style wasn’t something that she needed to be worried about. In fact, she thought that the receptionist showed a little too much cleavage for business, the top of her perfectly shaped youthful 36C breasts exposed for whoever might be looking. It wasn’t that Jessica was jealous about her model figure - she didn’t have to, having quite the body herself - she just thought that it was more appropriate for someone working at a respectable firm to show a little less skin. Despite the shorter skirt and open blouse, it looked like she did her job very professionally though, politely ending her call.

“Sorry for the wait,” the receptionist smiled, “how can I help you?”

“Hi, I’m here for the interview... I’m Jessica.” The reply was short, as Jessica tried to remain calm; now that she was getting closer to the interview, her nervousness started kicking up again. The receptionist shortly glanced at her computer screen, and then stood up.

“Ah, welcome Jessica; we’ve been expecting you. It seems like you’re a little early, your interviewer is still on his way - please follow me.”

“Did you have any trouble finding our department?”, the girl asked, casually continuing the conversation, as Jessica went along in her direction.

“No, not at all,” Jessica replied, the small talk calming down her nerves a bit; the receptionist seemed like a really nice person.

“Oh, that’s great - we’re a bit separated from the rest of the firm for the moment, we just moved here... Jessica was it, right?”, the secretary went on, leading Jessica into a large conference room.

“So, please make yourself comfortable, I will let you know when your interviewer arrives. Do you want something to drink? Water, coffee, soda?”

“Water is fine, thanks,” Jessica kindly accepted; she felt pretty thirsty.

The receptionist left and Jessica positioned herself in the nearest seat at the corner of the conference table, took her resumé out of her briefcase and put it on the table top, perfectly aligned with the table border. While she waited for the receptionist to come back with her drink, she felt her bladder complaining again, telling her brain that she could definitely use the lavatories, but again she neglected the feeling, deciding that she was just nervous. With her last bathroom visit just forty minutes ago, it was simply not possible that she had to pee again, and she could easily contain herself until after the interview; that was her point of view.

The interview was just a preliminary conversation, so it wouldn’t take a whole afternoon - thirty minutes, tops. It was her first since college, but Jessica had prepared the interview carefully, having practiced her skills with her best friend Kay - she knew what questions she should expect, how to present herself, etcetera. But still; sitting here, waiting for the real deal, was something else.

###

Thirty minutes later, Jessica was still alone in the conference room - her appointment was late, and she was getting more nervous by the minute, constantly wondering why he wasn’t showing up. Feeling tense, she was strolling along the room’s large window, the 20 ounce bottle that the receptionist had brought in earlier completely empty, all that water traveling down her body, increasing her inconvenient need to pee by the minute. Jessica tried hard not to think about it, now realizing that it wasn’t all nerves causing the signals in her lower body; a noticeable amount of urine was unmistakably filling her bladder up.

Keeping her knees pressed together solved the problem for now though, and she was still confident that she could easily manage herself. Jessica chose to sit down again, since standing up clearly wasn’t helping her nervousness, and looked over her resumé another time, wondering whether it was standing out enough between the other many resumés the company probably got for the open position she wanted.

Well... she had been invited for the interview, presumably unlike some of the other applicants, right? Her resumé wouldn’t help her anymore, not in here; she would have to charm and try to win the interviewer in the upcoming conversation. But how would she have to do that? Jessica started to doubt about herself again, no matter how many times her friends, parents and teachers had told her how utterly brilliant she was. What if she just got invited as a joke, chosen by the younger looks of her profile picture, thinking that they could mess with her a little, as often was the case at the workplace? What if the reviewer would laugh at her, for applying with a resumé which clearly lacked experience? Jessica’s heart pulsed faster and faster, trying to tell herself that she should calm down.

Impulsively, she stood up from her seat and walked towards the entrance door of the conference room; deciding to look for a bathroom after all. The small constant twinges of her bladder were driving her crazy, and it didn’t seem like her interviewer would be here very soon. She cursed herself for not allowing herself a quick visit to the washroom earlier; she had gotten plenty of time to do so in the last thirty minutes. Carefully, making sure that her interviewer wasn’t arriving, she walked through the door leading to the lobby. The receptionist was on the phone again, but Jessica was actually happy that she was, because she was not really sure whether she would dare to share her predicament with an unknown stranger - now she could go on the quest for a bathroom herself. Only a few doors away, she noticed a fancy bathroom sign, and she increased her pace, thankful that she could relieve herself even though she wasn’t near her bursting point yet.

However, her joy was quickly taken away from her, as she observed a great number of plumber’s tools spread around the room, the owner of the tool working inside the only cubicle itself. As she walked towards the plumber, Jessica’s bladder complained even harder now that she had reached the lavatories, but it seemed like she wouldn’t be able to use them after all.

“Umm... I’m sorry,” she asked, a little embarrassed, “I guess I can’t use this bathroom now?”

“Sorry miss,” the plumber - a guy in his 40’s - replied, “there was a water leak that I’m fixing now, so my guess is that you can’t”, he smiled, secretly enjoying that he was in the position to postpone the 22-year old girl’s sanitary break. “Unless you want to try the men’s urinal over there”, he pointed at the corner of the room, laughing out loud, gazing up Jessica’s athletic legs. From where he was lying, he had a great view of her smooth lower thighs, and he secretly fantasized about the shy girl, desperately pulling up her skirt and letting her hot urine gush into the urinal as she couldn’t hold it back any longer, exposing her smoking firm buttocks to him, moaning as she enjoyed her long anticipated relief. In his profession, he had dealt with dozens of full-bladdered ladies, but not one of them so innocently sexy as the fox that was now standing in front of him; a bulge appeared in his work trousers - he hoped she wouldn’t notice.

“Ok, thanks”, Jessica replied as casually as she could, and she returned to the conference room again, her bladder compelling inside of her, struggling with her decision to leave the only place where she could release it’s contents.

- - - - - - -

Just a few minutes later, the receptionist walked into the conference room again, bringing Jessica another water bottle, smiling at her.

“Hi, I just got of the phone with mister Rodicelli, his last meeting took a bit longer than expected - he is on his way over here - in about five minutes he will join you. We’re terribly sorry for the wait, I hope that’s alright?”

“Um... I’m sorry... mister Rodicelli?”, Jessica asked, perplexed. John Rodicelli was one of the co-founders of the company and senior member of the directors board; his name was all over the website that she had so precisely examined.

“There must be some kind of mistake here - see, I’m applying for the function of...”

“It’s no mistake,” the receptionist interrupted her, “the director wants to make sure that there are only raw talents in the new department that he is starting up. Don’t panic,” she added, seeing the terrified look in Jessica’s eyes, “he’s a really nice guy, I’m sure you’ll do great, I’ve read your resumé; it looks impeccable.”

“T... Thanks”, Jessica accepted the compliment, her nerves almost exploding with both fear and excitement. She could not believe her ears; her first interview and she was going to meet with John Rodicelli. John. Rodicelli!

“Is there anything else I can help you with?”, the receptionist asked politely before leaving.

Jessica almost didn’t hear it, feeling like she was living on another planet, but a stinging sensation in her body brought her back to earth.

“Oh yeah... um... is there another bathroom than the one in the lobby?” Jessica’s cheeks turned red, but she - had - to ask, her need getting pretty serious now.

“I’m afraid not”, she answered, “this part of the building is still under construction - the closest one is in the main hall, if you must go - main hall, next to the elevators.”

“Ok, thanks”, Jessica replied firmly, not sharing her weakness with the receptionist.

“Sucks, right?”, was the girl’s sympathetic response, “I really have to use the bathroom myself for the last couple of hours, but I can’t leave the desk unattended... thankfully my shift ends in twenty minutes.”

Jessica, surprised by the poor girl’s confession, suddenly noticed the receptionist’s bladder bulging against the waistband of her skirt, her foot nervously tapping on the floor - turns out she wasn't lying - in contrary; her bladder was in worse shape than Jessica's! The 22 year old Jessica almost confessed that she was pretty desperate herself, but didn't want to look weak and unprofessional, so she kept her mouth shut. Besides, it was not like the receptionist could solve her little problem; now that she knew how far the nearest bathroom was, she was more decisive than ever. She would just have to hold the pressing ocean of urine inside her, no matter what.

The walk back and forth to the main hall would take her more than five minutes; the last thing she wanted to do is to make a guy like mister Rodicelli wait for her - Jessica could only assume that he had a very tight schedule, she had to be ready for him, no excuses. John Rodicelli would never have to wait for anybody; people always had to wait for John Rodicelli - her bladder would have to wait for John Rodicelli. Just a little longer. As the receptionist left the room, she tried to give her crotch a quick squeeze, but the tight skirt prevented her fingers touching her most private area. GOD, she needed to pee; it was like she was in junior high again, fidgeting in her seat, hoping that class - or it this case the interview - would be over soon. Not thinking clearly and feeling thirsty, she unscrewed the cap of the new water bottle the receptionist had handed her, greedily gulping it down her throat, not realizing how fast it would hit her already stretched out bladder.

###

Fifteen minutes later without having had a glimpse of her interviewer, Jessica was regretting her judgement now; she could have easily gone to the main hall restroom in a quarter hour, heck - she could have CRAWLED to the place if she had wanted to. But she hadn’t, and her desperation had gotten SO much worse; constant waves of discomfort were running through her entire body, indicating how much she craved for relief; the uninterrupted wiggling in her chair could only help her so much, the strain on her muscles so intense that she almost couldn’t imagine doing an interview in her position. Trying to focus on her resumé again, she uncrossed and crossed her legs another time, hoping that mister Rodicelli would arrive soon, so that she could do her interview and then RUN off towards the bathroom.

As a spasm tormented her bladder again, she heard voices from the otherwise completely silent lobby area, suspecting that her interviewer had finally arrived. Footsteps coming towards the open conference room door confirmed her suspicion, and Jessica rose out of her seat, squeezing her thighs again one last time, adjusting her skirt, putting out her best possible smile, even though she was suffering physically. Her heartbeat fastening, mister Rodicelli walked into the room, looking very fresh - and younger looking as Jessica had thought beforehand - wearing a spotless grey suit combined with a red tie. Although the pressure ‘downtown’ was still very much there, Jessica forgot about her need for a few seconds, delightly smiling, like a young foolish woman in love.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” mister Rodicelli introduced himself, clearly less intimidated than Jessica, “I’m terribly, terribly late, if you really want to punch me, go ahead, I’m won’t be mad, never to such a beautiful young woman! Hi, I’m mister Rodicelli. John.”

The easygoing words by her interviewer calmed down Jessica’s nerves just a little bit, but she chose to stay professional, wanting to show off her good manners.

“Well, it’s not a problem at all sir, thank you for giving me this wonderful opportunity to come to talk to you, it’s really an honour.”, she replied and shook hands with mister Rodicelli.

“The pleasure is all mine, Jessica - um - Jessica’s fine, right?” he grinned, checking out the 22-year old applicant, approving her formal clothing style.

“Well off course mister Rodicelli, please do.” Jessica played her role perfectly.

“Good, good... um, I really hate to ask you this but um... there’s a slight change of plans, I’m afraid; see, I’m especially looking forward to your interview, but I have to catch a plane in...”, he turned his arm and glanced at his watch”... forty minutes. So I’ve been meaning to ask you; if you’re ok with it, maybe we can do your interview on the way to the airport, in my car? My chauffeur can drive you off anywhere you want afterwards. Well, if that’s alright with you off course, we can always reschedule too, if - if that’s what you like...”

Jessica quickly thought about mister Rodicelli’s proposition - her interview, on the way to the airport, with literally not a single bathroom around, only cars and bushes? She wasn’t particularly fond of the idea, but she could hardly refuse, could she? I mean, it was mister John Rodicelli she was talking about; she would probably jump in the river if he had asked her nicely. Her bladder heavily complaining, she fortified her smile.

“No sir, that’s alright, I’m uh - flexible”, she spewed out one of her trained job interview buzzwords.

“Splendid!”, mister Rodicelli enthusiastically concluded, “Alright, no time to waste, let’s go!”

Immediately he took off, and Jessica had no choice but to follow him, urine sloshing inside her small size 4 body, torturing her nerves. Saying that she could use a quick pee right now was a euphemism, walking around in her high heels only making the feeling worse; this wasn’t nervousness anymore. If only she had gone to the bathroom when she had felt the first signals, instead of brushing it off as interview stress, then she wouldn’t be in this position.

She ardently hoped that they would pass a washroom on the way to the car park so that she could excuse herself for just a minute, but much to her dismay, mister Rodicelli walked towards the elevator in the lobby, right next to the door to the bathroom with the broken toilet. Vigorously praying that the plumber had fixed it by now, she peeked through the door, only seeing the man’s tools still lying all over the floor - the plumber taking more than the time he needed, hoping to catch the 22-year old desperately coming in again, praying to use the bathroom before she exploded.

Jessica had no intention to do so, but she could not resist thinking about the plumber’s proposition to lift her skirt and pee in the urinal. Oh, how amazing the relief would be... but off course, even if she wouldn’t mind to expose her most intimate parts to the unknown stranger, there was no way she could to that without soaking herself completely - this was only a good plan in fairytale world. Pressing her thighs together, she walked into the elevator, together with mister Rodicelli. The doors slowly slid shut and Jessica stared at the receptionist, whose shift had just ended, running towards the main hall, her youthful breasts bouncing up and down as she had decided not to wear a bra to work today, openly holding herself, praying that her tormented bladder wouldn’t burst in her panties, after composing herself for so long this afternoon.

The elevator doors opened on the parking level, mister Rodicelli's car - a large corporate black Mercedes with tinted windows - already standing in front of the elevator with the engine running. Rodicelli courtly opened the door to the back seat to Jessica, and she graciously got in, struggling to keep her trembling lower body still as she had to urinate SO bad. While her interviewer went around the back of the car, she thought about what the best position of her legs would be, realizing that she would not be able to shift around during the ride too much, or her need would become noticeable, and the last thing she was going to do was admit that she was almost wetting herself.

She wasn't a high school teenager anymore, she had to act professional; if the receptionist held on, so would she have to do. Ignorantly she tried to tell herself that it was just a psychological matter, denying the fact that that every bladder had it's limits. Jessica decided to keep her legs crossed, hands folded on her upper knee so that she could apply just that little extra pressure.

###

The first part of her interview went pretty well; mister Rodicelli was nodding approvingly as Jessica rambled on about her studies and the research she had performed during her last years of college, her participation in many community projects, and how excited she was about the possible prospect of executing a function in the company - just as she had practiced. The only thing she had not rehearsed, was the stinging sensation under the waistband of her skirt, as her kidneys produced even more urine to be pumped into her body. The stress on her sphincter was ENORMOUS, and while Jessica’s talking could only take so much of her attention of her emergency, she maintained her smile though, dangling her foot around to keep her legs in motion.

“Well,” mister Rodicelli took the conversation over, “I’ll have to admit; your resumé and your achievements are - very - impressive for a 22-year old. Even so, we are having many applicants for this function, - some of them offering a career with years of professional seniority. In your own eyes, do you see your - um - lack of experience as a problem?”

“I think that starting in a new firm comes with a learning path for every new employee”, Jessica answered immediately, having expected this question, “and I have to admit that my own learning path might be a little more rough than some others with more professional experience - however, I think my personal qualities will make up for that, whereas my age comes with a great number of positive points as well.”

“Mmm; what do you exactly mean when you say ‘positive’?”, mister Rodicelli continued, as Jessica gasped for air for just a second, pushing her hands hard on her knee, jamming her thighs even closer together. Her white silk panties were getting moist with sweat, but as long as it was just sweat, Jessica couldn’t care less.

“I can offer both devotion and flexibility in my schedule and my working hours, which I think is very important in the beginning of a new job,” Jessica replied carefully, trying to keep half her mind on the conversation, and half on her overwhelming need to relieve herself. “I am determined to take as long as I need to succeed in my work, and I am determined to keep myself available 24/7 in case that’s needed. I think this is an almost necessary aspect of the modern volatile society, and I think that not all older applicants can assure you that.”

“I’m glad you brought up the issue of time management”, mister Rodicelli took over again, going on about how starting up a new department could be time-wasting for every employee, and how important everyone’s attachment for the firm was. Jessica just nodded and tried to process her interviewer’s words, but it was so hard, her bladder CRAVING for her attention, sending hundreds of warning messages to her brain each second.

All she could think about was finding the so much needed bathroom, but as Jessica was very well aware, there were no bathrooms around, not even a single wall where she could hide and squat behind. She wanted to urinate so badly, she didn’t even care about going in her panties anymore, she justed wanted to let go, anywhere in the world, just not in mister Rodicelli’s car. Shifting a few times in her seat, having so much trouble keeping the ocean of hot urine inside her 22-year old body, she wanted to moan to express her feelings, but she kept both her vocal and urinary organs under control.

“... so how do you feel about that?” Jessica panicked for a second, a sharp pain bolting through her body, having paid attention to her throbbing bladder so much that she had blatantly missed the last question.

“I’m - um - sorry, about what?”, she asked, embarrassed, hoping that mister Rodicelli wouldn’t realize that she was barely listening; it would most certainly reflect on the rest of the interview if he did - but thankfully for Jessica, he didn’t mind posing the question again.

“I was wondering whether you would have a problem with working overtime,” he recapitulated, looking Jessica straight in the eyes.

“Not at all - I see it as a package deal that comes with the job,” Jessica replied in just a few words, not really sure what she could possibly could add to that. Her readiness for the interview decreased by the second, as she was going through a series of serious painful contractions.

“Alright - we have not arrived at the airport yet, but I think we can end the interview with this one, unless you have any more questions for me, off course,” mister Rodicelli concluded. Jessica had so many topics prepared in the back of her mind, wanting to show her interest for the firm, but at this very moment she wanted nothing else than this interview to be over, so she could concentrate on her alarming condition - besides, she risked missing out on of her interviewer’s questions again, which would make her look bad. The interview had gone pretty well, and she could only mess it up from now.

“No, thanks - and also for the interview”, she wrapped up, pulling out a forced smile out of her again.

“The pleasure was all mine”, mister Rodicelli complimented Jessica with her spotless interview. “How long ‘till the airport, Carlos?”

“About ten minutes, sir; as you can see, the traffic is rather heavy at the moment”, his chauffeur politely answered his boss’s question.

“Splendid - well if you don’t mind, I’m going to make a quick call to make sure everything is set up on my arrival”, mister Rodicelli announced, again glancing at the ravishing applicant sitting in his corporate vehicle, while taking his cellphone out of his briefcase. Jessica did not answer but instead she graciously smiled, actively trying to hide her personal predicament to her interviewer.

The poor girl felt like her sphincter was under attack by an army of small urine droplets, harmless on their own, but as millions and millions of them joined forces, they applied a massive and almost unbearable pressure on her burdened bladder. It was like they were living their own life, their only purpose making Jessica’s existence worse, but the truth was that there was just no more room left inside her abdomen, and to make matters worse, Jessica’s kidney was still working hard, processing the loads of water that she had drunk while waiting for her interview, sending even more urine downwards her slender body.

###

Ten minutes didn’t seem like a whole lot of time, but Jessica honestly didn’t know whether she would be able to make it or not; for all she knew, she could last for another half hour maybe, or uncontrollably explode into her panties in the next minute instead. She no longer had her body under control, and that thought frustrated her; her interview had gone well and she really felt like she had an actual chance for the job - but if she would soak the car of her possible boss, she would most definitely lose it all. Anxiously she tried to press her firm thighs even closer together, but she was already doing everything she could to make her holding more manageable. She NEEDED a bathroom, and fast, too - it was the only solution, but they were still on the highway and there was not a single place in sight where Jessica could possibly relieve herself.

As traffic moved on slowly, Jessica thankfully took advantage of mister Rodicelli’s lack of attention for her while he was discussing matters over the phone, and carefully positioned her briefcase on her lap, biting on her lip to improve the precision of her movements. As her lap was now covered, Jessica shifted in her seat a few times, knocking her knees together and rubbing her smooth thighs against each other. There was plenty of leg space in the large corporate Mercedes, but Jessica tried to compose herself and not to move her lower legs around too much, afraid that mister Rodicelli would notice her somewhat immature behavior. While nervously glancing at her interviewer to make sure that he wasn’t looking at her, Jessica slowly let her right hand slip under the briefcase and tried to squeeze her fingers around her crotch, but - much to her dismay - the tight fabric of her grey business skirt didn’t allow her.

Despite straining her fingers, her fingertips could only reach the top of her groin; she was so close, but yet so far. Frustrated by her taut clothing, she moved her hand downwards her thighs, trying to position it between her legs and under her knee-length skirt, but naturally that didn’t work out either. Fueled by the tremendous desire to hold herself, Jessica secretly tried to pull the textile a few inches up her legs; maybe she would be able to position the skirt a little higher over her right thigh - which was out of mister Rodicelli’s field of vision - so that she could briefly squeeze her privates - just maybe... She felt her hand slowly sliding upwards, her fingertips nearing the sweatier parts of her inner thigh, as she nervously peeked at mister Rodicelli to make absolutely sure that he wasn’t staring at her. Just two or three more inches...

Her heart pulsed faster as she realized that she was no longer behaving professionally, but she just couldn’t handle herself anymore, the tremendous need to urinate being so strong that it was influencing all of Jessica’s actions. The fabric of her skirt wasn’t helping Jessica at all, but she pursued, now brushing the stubbles of pubic hair just below her bikini line with her middle finger, as she had not shaved her privates before the interview. Her hand trembling with adrenaline, she pushed her hand deeper between her legs, eagerly trying to make the last leap towards grabbing her most intimate parts, but then she noticed how far her skirt had ridden up her thighs - she was almost showing her entire upper left leg to mister Rodicelli!

Jessica thanked God that he wasn’t paying attention to her, and wondered how awful the situation would look like from his point of view; she was openly displaying her bare thigh to him, almost as if she was offering her young body in exchange for the open position! Off all things, this could ruin her interview the most; no sensible man would hire a woman for such an important role in the company, if she have the impression that she would use her body for climbing up the ladder!

Truly disappointed that she had failed to touch her privates, Jessica removed her hand from between her legs and pulled down her skirt again, and just in time too, as mister Rodicelli glanced at her while continuing his call. Jessica’s heart skipped a beat; she had almost crushed her interview by giving in to her most bestial desires, but she had just saved herself at the last moment. That, however, did not imply that Jessica was secure, as she still had to pee SO unbelievably bad that she believed that her bladder would literally explode if she would have to hold even more urine.

Her strained muscles screamed for relief SO HARD that Jessica almost was afraid that she would hurt herself, but she did not have much of a choice; she was sure that if she would relax herself for just a second, she would drench her panties in sizzling hot liquids in no time with no chance of stopping the flow. There was no way that she could allow herself to do that; the psychological pain of wetting herself on her very first interview would be much worse that any other physical pain that she might endure. She HAD to hold herself together somehow, she just had to!

As she fought back wave after wave, Jessica closed her eyes and tried to think of something else to take her mind of her extreme need, hoping that it would soften the strength of the torturing neural signals, and surprisingly it did. As the minutes passed, she fantasized about a variety of things and for the first time today, her need seemed to decrease instead of constantly increasing like it had in the last hour. Off course, this feeling was merely psychological as her bladder was still exorbitantly full, but the truth was that it really did help her holding the ocean inside of her young body. Slowly but surely, they approached the airport and Jessica began to get more and more positive that she would be able make it after all… and as her confidence rised, she started to let her guard down.

###

Seemingly out of nowhere, a GIANT spasm - one Jessica had never experienced before in her life - hit her bladder, and it hit her hard - MUCH too hard. In the blink of an eye, she lost control over her entire body. For Jessica, it was like time stood still for a moment; she was so mortified that she felt like she could no longer move. Alarm bells started to go off in her head, her entire lower body region felt numb - the unimaginable had happened; she had lost control of her bladder! While gasping for air, she tried to think of a way to get out of this horrible situation, but she couldn’t possibly imagine one without ruining her interview.

Realizing that there was nothing more that she could do, her hands darted off to the door handle on her side of the car, hungrily glancing towards the green grass growing on the side of the road. Tears started welling up in her eyes, as the grown-up woman inside her really didn’t want to do what she was about to do and that was jump out of the car and squat where anyone - including Mr. Rodicelli - could see her. But poor Jessica didn’t have much of a choice, and if she was going to humiliate herself anyway, she figured that she could better do that outside of the car instead of soiling the leather back seat of the corporate Mercedes.

Jessica brushed the handle with her fingers, wanting to speak up to announce her runaway, but then, out of nowhere, felt that she was regaining control of herself and her tormented bladder. Hot golden drops were definitely escaping through her pee hole as Jessica felt her labia getting moist, but it wasn’t the overwhelming torrent that she had expected, and more importantly; somehow she had managed to hold back the rest of the ocean inside her!

Jessica’s fingers slid off the door handle as she clenched her muscles, praying that she would be able to suppress the next few violent pressure waves. The burning sensation in her abdomen was so overwhelming that Jessica herself didn’t know whether she would be able to sustain without hurting herself, but she HAD to try, she had to or she would never forgive herself for not attempting to take the leap. Her bladder was screaming for relief, constantly pulsating without giving Jessica the chance to loosen up, not even for a second, and Jessica hoped that she would not have to endure another huge spasm like before again.

Battling with her own body was something that she was not familiar with, the feelings boiling inside her were outrageous. Since she had never been SO desperate for the bathroom in the past fifteen years, Jessica didn’t know ANY special holding techniques at all; this fight was a battle that she had to win with the strength of her bladder muscles alone. She knew it and it saved her appearance too; grabbing herself or jumping up wouldn’t help a thing, and it would only blow her cover.

After what was possibly the most agonizing minute of her life, Jessica had the situation under control again; she still had to urinate so bad, but the danger of uncontrollably flooding both her panties and the car floor was gone, or at least, that was what she hoped. Her throbbing bladder was still torturing her, begging furiously, trying to persuade the 22-year girl that she needed to relieve herself soon, but Jessica FELT more in control. Given the full state of the organ, stretched out way past it’s normal dimensions, it was off course possible that her nervous sensors were lying to her, but she had to stay positive, it was the only plan she had. Her almost-accident from the minute had left a few marks though; Jessica had leaked a considerable amount of urine and the front of her white silk panties were soaked. She could only hope that the back of her skirt was still dry, as she realized that the grey fabric would show even the smallest wet spot.

The remaining ride to the airport entrance was only two minutes in time, but for Jessica, each second felt like an eternity. Every possible muscle in her poor adolescent body so badly wanted to let her body relax, letting her pee flood out of her, putting this unbelievable torture to the end. She didn’t care about her favourite pair of silk panties anymore, or her expensive suit that she had bought just for the occasion; Jessica was willing to ruin them all, if she could just PEE! It was only her mind that was keeping her from doing so; if she could only last for another minute or two, her interview and her day would be saved.

“Alright - Jessica - this is where our our paths diverge”, mister Rodicelli concluded their meeting by reaching out his hand, “thanks to your flexibility, I’m just in time to catch my plane, it seems. We’ll definitely keep in touch, you can expect a call from us in the next couple of days.”

Jessica kindly smiled and shook hands with her interviewer, hoping that he would not notice the sweaty palm of her hand.

“Thanks again for the opportunity, mister Rodicelli, I look forward to hearing from you again”, she replied, surprising herself that she still managed to come up with such a polite answer, while multiple strong waves were thumping against her bladder muscles, thousands of urine drops sitting at the verge of her pee hole, ready to come out as soon as Jessica’s mind would give the orders. She couldn’t wait to jump out of the car and find the nearest bathroom, but she knew that rushing off as soon as she could wouldn’t exactly improve her appearance - and keeping the golden rule “an interview isn’t over until you walk out the door” in mind, she decided to remain seated until her host would make the intention to leave.

“So, the backseat is all yours, where does Carlos drop you off?”, mister Rodicelli offered his corporate vehicle to Jessica.

“If it’s alright, I’m going to get out here with you, sir - I have some personal business to take care of in the airport building”, she desperately tried to get out of the offer, knowing that she couldn’t possibly hold it until they would arrive at her place - or any other place for that matter. She HAD to find a bathroom at the airport, and fast too; her poor bladder was about to burst!

“Well, isn’t that a coincidence,” he smiled and then rose out of his seat, “well then; have a nice day!”

Jessica forced a last smile on her face, and then opened the door, sighing loudly as she saw the airport departures hall right in front of her; finally, a building with fully functional toilet facilities! She squeezed her thighs together, placed her high heels on the parking lot, and hesitantly stood up, hoping that she could stand up without instantly flooding her panties. Jessica had to pee so badly that she had trouble walking towards the main entrance; she was not used to wearing these kind of shoes, and she had a hard time trying to press her legs together, afraid that if she would relax, she would soak her panties in a heartbeat.

The burning sensations inside her were stronger than ever, and as she was walking, Jessica quickly pressed her hand on her skirt again, hoping that she could relieve the pressure for just a second, but the tight grey fabric didn’t budge, not at all. Under the skirt, her cotton panties were uncomfortably clinging against her most private parts, the piece of underwear dampened from her previous near-accident. Jessica couldn’t help thinking about squatting between two cars and letting her so-urgently-needed pee splatter all over the asphalt, but during rush hour the airport area simply was too crowded, she had to hold on for just a little longer.

Jessica tried to compose herself as she was walking through the revolving door, her bladder pulsing fiercely, her knees trembling as she could barely keep from letting go. In her compartment of the revolving door was an Asian family of the - two parents and a girl who was a few years younger than Jessica - the father struggling with the many suitcases they had with them, bumping against the safety mechanism of the door wing, stalling the door multiple times. Jessica refrained herself from swearing loudly, not wanting to draw any more attention to her, but inside she was cursing the Asian man who was involuntarily postponing her much needed bathroom visit. She was so close to having an accident right here, on the floor of the revolving door, she needed to get out of this place, fast! Her eyes scanned the departure hall through the glass door, hoping to catch a bathroom direction sign somewhere, so that she could rush off to the nearest one as soon as possible.

A huge wave hit her body, and Jessica closed her eyes to concentrate on controlling the tremendous need to urinate, having failed to yet find a bathroom sign. Thankfully, the Asian man finally entered the departure hall, taking the large amount of suitcases with him. Jessica tried to pass the family, but they were still blocking her way, and she coincidentally overheard the conversation between the Asian girl and her mother. “Mom, I really have to go to pee!” - “Sure honey, we’re just going to check in first and then you can go to the bathroom right after, alright? Come on, let’s go!”

Jessica stopped and crossed her legs firmly, while examining the airport board of directions hanging right in front of the door. She had trouble concentrating, as her tortured bladder complained heavily, she had to find a bathroom NOW or her struggle would be over soon. She didn’t know how she had even managed to hold on for so long; she never would have thought that she could sustain such an unbelievable pressure in her body. The thought frustrated Jessica to her core; despite all her efforts, she was still in very danger of trashing her white panties if she couldn’t find a toilet in time. Telephone cell, first aid, gift shop… the signs were all there, but none to lead poor Jessica to a bathroom. She almost decided to give up her search and hurry outside to squat somewhere, but then she saw it, in the lower right corner; a sign for the lavatories!

Jessica gasped, and almost released the contents of her bladder out of relief as she was so delighted to finally find a place to PEE! Thinking about her coming satisfaction didn’t help her though; the “key in the lock”-syndrome kicked in and Jessica now needed to pee WORSE than before. Not caring about the other people or anything else but finding the bathroom anymore, Jessica hurried towards the direction of the sign, breathing heavily, biting on her teeth to endure the stinging pain in her body.

“Oh yes, oh yes!”

Jessica whispered softly as she neared a hallway with a bathroom sign on the wall next to it.

“Oooh, oh yes… fuck yeah, I… I made it!”

She swore loudly; luckily for her there was no-one around who could hear her.

“Oh yes, come on Jess, just a few seconds… just…”

She couldn’t control her emotions anymore; her brain was now sending multiple signals to her bladder, telling that she could PEE, finally!

“Oh yes…”

She tugged at the side zipper of her grey business skirt, pulling it down a few inches, exposing a part of her smooth leg and the side of her white panties to the world, but Jessica could no longer care; she so badly needed to pee that once in the bathroom, she would never be able to wait to unzip her clothing, it had to be done now.

Rapidly gasping from the excitement, Jessica increased her pace as she entered the bathroom hallway. Seconds away from release, her bladder muscles weakened just a little so that she could immediately start peeing once her mind allowed her. Thousands of drops were in position, ready to come out, and Jessica was almost unable to stop the straining ocean of urine. She realized that and tried to regain the stress in her muscles, but she couldn’t - there was no way back. Fortunately for her, the ladies’ was just to the right…

###

“No… no!”

Jessica screamed out, watching in horror how the bathroom stalls were just a few meters away, only they were blocked by a coin operated paddle gate; it didn’t take Jessica very long to realize that the public lavatories in the departure hall were pay toilets! Frantically, she turned around, hoping that she could use the men’s facilities instead, but they were also blocked by the same gates.

Tears welled up in her eyes; sure, she had money with her, in her briefcase, but it was just that she needed to pee SO BAD she could hardly breathe - and now she had to find a fifty-cent coin! Her bladder DEMANDED relief, now, but Jessica didn’t really have a choice; she squeezed her thighs together, dropped her briefcase on the tile floor, and took out her wallet. Her hands were trembling, and Jessica felt that the control of her bladder was slowly slipping away; she had held it for so long, but the deception of standing meters away from a bathroom stall and not being able to use it was just too big, too unexpected.

Helplessly, her bladder spasmed and a small spurt escaped, dampening her white panties even more. “No… no yet…” Her mind was going crazy, tears were blocking her view, and she bit her lip while desperately tapping her feet on the floor. Her entire body was shuddering and she could hardly control the movement of her fingers, making it harder to open the wallet. Frustrated that she couldn’t instantly find the right coin, she cried out to no-one in particular; she could not believe that this was happening to her. 22 years old, her first job interview just minutes away, and she was going to wet her panties in public!

Jessica closed her eyes again, trying to regain some of her composure. Deep breath in, deep breath out, deep breath in, deep breath out.

She opened her eyes again, flipped through all the coins in her wallet, crossed her legs, uncrossed her legs; anything that could help her hold it. Waves of desperation ran through her entire body; the next leak was ready to come out, and Jessica had no clue in how to stop it from happening. “Come on, come on, no!” She was moaning, almost crying, thinking about giving up and just humiliating herself, but she found some inner strength and carried on. To her despair, she finally realized that she didn’t have any fifty-cent coins with her; she yanked a five euro bill out of the wallet and hobbled over to the change machine in the bathroom hallway.

While hopping from foot to foot, Jessica desperately tried to push the bill in the machine, but her hands were shaking so hard that she could hardly align the piece of paper in place. She just couldn’t hold it any longer; a sudden burst of pee exploded out of her tortured pee hole, drenching her underwear even further. Jessica barely managed to hold the rest of the massive flood back inside her, but the damage was done; urine drops were travelling down her smooth young legs, most of them landing in her shoes, some dripping onto the glossy airport tiles. Jessica was so embarrassed that she had to fight her tears; she tried to cover up the wetness on the floor by sweeping it away with the sole of her shoe, but by moving around, even more drops escaped from her soaked panties. While the waves inside her got even more ferocious, the machine rejected her 5 euro bill and Jessica panicked; it was her last resort - she had to try once more!

This time, the machine accepted her bill, but it was too late. Her exhausted bladder that had been stretched way beyond it’s limits gave up completely, pee uncontrollably erupting from her body, saturating the fabric of her panties and the front of her skirt, streams of pee running down her legs, forming a puddle around her feet. Jessica herself was amazed by the strength of the waterfall between her legs - the pressure was unbelievable. Jessica started to cry and tried to stop the rest, but she couldn’t, pee sizzling in her underwear, splashing onto the glossy floor.

At that very moment, Jessica heard footsteps in the hallway, coming her way; it was the Asian girl from the family in the revolving door, both hands jammed between her legs, obviously desperate for the bathroom herself. She ignored and ran past Jessica at first, busy focusing on her own problems, almost bumped into the glass paddle gates, now facing the same problem that Jessica had faced before. Crying out in disbelief, she turned herself to Jessica, squirming uncontrollably, her fingers furiously massaging the crotch of her jeans, and she blurted out:

“Ex… excuse me… m-m… mi... miss… can I have a coin? I… I don’t have any money with me… it’s an… emer…” She gasped and paused. “... emergency!”

The girl looked down, eagerly waiting for a reply, and then she noticed the puddle under Jessica’s feet, small transparent streams splashing on the ground.

“Oh my god… are you peeing yourself… you are peeing... I’m so sorry… I just need a coin… oh my god I… I just can’t believe that you are… sorry!”

Jessica was mortified; not only had she pissed all over herself, some unknown girl was witnessing her accident too, her eyes transfixed on the pool between Jessica’s legs. Jessica wanted to run away, but she couldn’t move, as if her feet were glued to the floor.

“M-m-miss? Please, it’s a… an emergency!”, the Asian girl pleaded, repeating herself, her voice weakening, as if she was running out of power.

Jessica just wanted the girl to leave so that she could be alone, and decided to donate one of the coins that the machine had given her; the Asian girl looked like she was almost having an accident on her own. The girl kindly accepted Jessica’s gift with one hand, unbuttoned her jeans with the other, then rushed off towards the bathroom. Dancing on the spot, her bladder contracting violently, she successfully inserted the coin and the glass paddle doors opened.

As she sprinted to the nearest stall, the thought of being finally inside a bathroom was just too much for her to take, urine started bursting out of her, the back of her tight jeans suddenly turning dark blue. She simply couldn’t hold it any longer, but the nearest stall was only a few feet away, and she yanked down her panties, pee gushing through her Hello Kitty panties, spraying onto her legs, the bathroom floor, and the toilet seat. Mentally and physically worn out by recent the struggle between her and her bladder, she let her ass cheeks touch down on the toilet seat and spread her legs, not even trying to take off her underwear anymore.

She just completely relaxed and sighed loudly as hot pee sizzled down her legs and finally hit the bowl - fuck, that felt good! Breathing heavily, shivering with excitement, she completely emptied herself, forcefully peeing for at least thirty seconds. But as the trickle between her legs started to slow down, tears sprung into the Asian girl’s eyes, starting to realize what she had done - she had peed herself, and now she had to go back to the airport hall with a huge mark on her jeans, to sit with her parents on a plane for the next few hours, her underwear totally soaked. Sobbing uncontrollably, she wiped her legs dry; her plane was about to leave, she had no choice but to pull up her panties and walk back to the departure hall in shame.

Jessica walked all the way back to her apartment in her wet clothes, too embarrassed to take a cab or a bus, thinking about how humiliating her day had been, trying not to wet herself in her interviewer’s car, succeeding, but not making it to the bathroom, soaking her business suit as a 22 year old. She had practised this day a million times in her head, but she had never thought that she would end her interview this way, walking across town, wet silk panties clinging against her privates, her shoes ruined.

To make things worse, all the water that she had drank in the conference room while waiting for her interview, traveled downwards her body FAST, filling up her exhausted bladder in no time, and when she reached her neighborhood, she REALLY had to pee again. Her body trembling, she fastened her pace, realizing that she was close to having a second accident that day. Struggling with her keys, she almost lost control of her bladder on her doorstep, a wet spurt jetting into her panties as she opened the front door.

Much to her amazement, her best friend Kay was standing in her hallway, waiting for Jessica to come home to surprise her after her very first interview. Jessica was perplexed; she gave up completely and fiercely peed into her underwear for the second time in just a few hours, while Kay was staring at her, her mouth wide open. She almost couldn’t believe what she was seeing; her friend was wetting herself right in front of her, the marks of her first accident clearly visible on her skirt.

Jessica started crying again, realizing that this wasn’t just a bad dream; what was supposed to be an exciting event turned out to be the most awful day in her entire life. While pee was still streaming down Jessica’s legs, Kay put her arms around her best friend’s neck, hugging her and kissing her on the forehead, trying to console her. After Jessica was finally cried out, Kay helped her into the shower and got her fresh clothes. Jessica cleaned herself up, and they ended seeing a movie together, but Jessica almost instantly fell asleep on her friend’s shoulder, trying to erase the memory of this horrifying day out of her head.

A few days later, Jessica got a call; she didn’t get the job.

THE END

*003*2014-03-31 20:11

{{: 

Really enjoyed it. Reminds me of Gillian from Shara and Ger's easyshag site. Some of my personal favorites. Great story, thank you!

}}

Spot on! Gillian is one of my favourite writers too, and my personal writing style (and my love for long, detailed stories) is certainly influenced by his stories...

"Fun" fact; the last line of my story is almost blatantly copied from his story "Interview Distress". It wasn't intentional - I only realized it after I finished my story - then I thought it sounded familiar. I had serious doubts to change the ending, but in the end, I decided not to - in my opinion, it's just a killer plot ending.

So; special credit to Gillian (sorry I borrowed your end line).

{{: 

Really great story, hope this gets a sequel!

}}

Thanks - I don't think this particular story/character will get a sequel, it was a one-time plot, guided by the story competition... I will continue to write stories though, but because I tend to write long blocks of text, it takes time... (and me not being a native English speaker doesn't help too much either)

*008*2014-04-02 10:09

Thanks for the nice comments, always good to know that my work is appreciated :)

I'll definitely write more, but you'll have to be very very patient, I'm afraid - and to answer vexer6's question; no - I haven't thought of writing fanfiction - yet. ;)

