Locked Out After School

Author: AD51

*000*2014-11-02 23:59

This is my first attempt at writing an omorashi story. I hope you like it.

*

I got off the bus and began my five minute walk back to my house. It had been a long day and all I wanted to do was get back home and have some fun. When I was nearing my house, I saw a car drop off my next door neighbor to her house. Lucky her, it must be nice to have a friend that could drive. It’s gotta be a lot better than taking the bus every day. Her name was Katie, we were both sophomores and we even had a class together, though we didn’t talk much. She was a brunette and was fairly fit. Today she was wearing a pink jacket and black yoga pants. I saw her quickly run up to her door and returned to my business of getting home too until…

“Hey! Wait!” She called out to me that caught me off guard as she ran up to me. “Hey, um, I got locked out of my. I think I forgot my keys back at school.”

“Oh so you want come inside and wait until your parents come home? It looks like it’s going to rain soon.”

“I don’t want to be a bother, I just wanted to know if I could use your bathroom, I haven’t gone since lunch.”

“Sure, and you wouldn’t be a bother. I wouldn’t want you to be stuck out in the rain.” She nodded and we walked to my front door. I reached into my pocket for my keys and couldn’t find them. “What? I swore I put them in here.” I took off my backpack and looked in it, trying to find my keys. I looked over to her, before she seemed to be fine, but I saw that she was tightly holding her crotch with one hand. She caught me looking at her and quickly pulled her hand out, but I guess her need was bad enough that had to force her hand back and crossed her legs.

“I’m sorry, but I really need to go. Can you get your door unlocked, please?”

“I don’t know, I think I might’ve lost my keys too.” As much as it turned me on seeing her desperate for the toilet, I didn’t want to see her have an accident in front of me. We sat down next to each other and she quietly continue to hold herself. She covered her face with her free hand in embarrassment.

“Oh my gosh, I really need to pee. This is so embarrassing.”

“It’s alright, everyone has a time when they can’t find a bathroom.” Just then rain began to fall and we didn’t have a place for cover so we started to get wet. That made her need much worse as she doubled over, her face grimaced.

“I don’t think I can hold it much longer.” She looked over to me. “I don’t want to pee myself like baby.”

“Well, uh.” I couldn’t believe I was going to suggest this. “What if you peed on the grass?”

“What?! But there’s no place I can hide, someone going to see me. I can’t go to my backyard either, if I try to climb the fence it’s going to come out.” She started to cry a little bit.

“Here.” I took my jacket off. “What if I covered you, then no one could see you.” She looked at me for a moment, trying to think if it was a good idea.

“Ok, fine. Just don’t look at me.”

“Deal.” So we quickly went to the side of my house, which provided some cover, but a car or someone walking by would definably still be able to see someone there. She stopped at a spot and I held out my jacket to provide some cover. She pulled her pants down and squatted while I looked away. Immediately I could hear her pee come rushing out and hitting the grass extremely loudly. It was coming out so loud that I could barely contain myself and I had to resist looking at her. Soon she finished and I could hear a loud sigh. I looked back in reaction before facing away when I realized my mistake.

“I leaked a little.” She got back up and pulled her pant up. I put my jacket on as it was getting pretty cold. “I couldn’t hold it, I went in my underwear, please don't tell anyone about this."

“Oh no, it’s ok.” I have her a comforting hug. “It happens, and don't worry. This stays between the two of us.”

“Thanks.” She smiled back at me. “You’re in my class right? You’re name’s Andrew?”

“Yes it is.” I smiled back, then we saw getting in the driveway. “I guess you can get inside now.”

“Yeah, here come on. You can wait at my place.”

“That would be my pleasure.” We went into her house and got to know each other.

