Further experimentation

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2012-06-20 03:05

Just another experiment; Try to decode that ;)

I reely haf too go too ze batroom...

No France, You're on stage now! He's already introducing you!

###

Now ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce an exotic young girl who seems to compete with our nation's smartest students.

Come sweetie. Who are you?

Hmmm... I am France, I am heyhty end I love yoor coontry.

Eighty?

You look more like a gorgeous teenage girl to me!

Hmmm... sawry, heyteeeeen...

So, you come from France! Such a beautiful country! What's your name? You live in Paris?

Now... Moos crown... Not Frawns... Beljeehoom

Benjie? Quite unusual for a girl. Well, the oddness of Europe makes its beauty it seems.

No... France... My name is...

So, Benjie, tell us. Why are you here?

No... Not Ben... Pfff....

Hmmm, bee cows my... Howst... wanteed mee too.

Yes, I'm sure they're very proud of you. You scored 1492 out of 1600 on your SAT. Impressive for a foreinger.

It was... not I beeg deel. But I am not...

Don't be so humble. The free world needs people like you, Benjie.

MY NAME IS FRANCE!!! I LEAVE IN BEL JEE HOOM!!! NOT FRAWNS!!!

Bel... Belgium??? Oh yes... Bruise cells, isn't it?

Bruxelles ees ze Ky pee tahl.

Yes... Hmmm, anyway... How's your life over there? Do you have doorbells?

Wee haf dawrbails, but now goovairnement faur mawr zen I ear, fawls creesees, shawk doc treen end vy all ent paw lees.

Nevermind... you are hard evidence that the US doesn't have a monopoly on lovelyness!

Ladies and gentlemen, this was Frawns Benjie, our fifth and last candidate for tonight's selection!

Please Frawns, take your seat over there.

Hmmm... Mist her... I...

Yes? You want to add something?

No... I... I haf too...

You have to... ?

No... Nossink...

*002*2012-06-24 00:26

The rest is in progress.

I'm a slow writer and I already have more bread in my oven than I can handle.

I've nice ideas for this series and the plot for the next five episodes are pretty clear in my head.

Also, I'll stop trying to render the french accent. I'm writing this in a pretty conventional style.

I'll post a 'translation' of this intro as I understand some parts might not be understandable as is.

