Tempest: A Paladin's Tale (reboot)

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2018-03-21 01:25

This is a reboot of my old story, still follows Liz as she adventures around as a paladin but I wanted to kind of start over with her finding a different friend.

Edit: Also, featuring Ayla, a character by Clom

The sound of a river flowing is quite possibly one of the most serene effects nature can provide you. A steady sound that is passive and quiet, yet inexorable. The flow of a river cannot be stopped except by the most drastic of measures. But even then, the river will simply find a new path which it can flow, and as such, that peaceful sound will never truly die.

I kneel down in the grass and scoop some water into my hands and take a drink. I’ve been traveling the road for three days now and I feel exhausted. Part of me wants nothing more than to go back to an abbey bed and rest. Sleeping on the ground for this long… it takes a lot out of you.

I take my final drink and then splash some of the cold water across my face. “Don’t dwell on what has already happened”, Father Matthew would tell me, “Instead, look to ensure that it will not happen again.” There is wisdom in his words, of course, but it’s never that simple. I could run back now, probably inquire around New Leaf town and track Nymeria down, pledge my love to her and we’d live happily ever after. Yet I cannot bring myself to move. No… instead I sling my shield over my shoulder and follow the river north.

It is then that I hear the sounds of battle. Somewhat of a welcome change to all this dreary traveling. I rush forward, following the sounds. There, by the rivers edge, not more than a hundred meters away, I see a man and a woman fighting off a pack of goblins.

The woman is cloaked– she seems to be taking care to hide her appearance as that hood of hers is much too great. The man, however, though he bears no armor or crest, has a rather magnificent greatsword. The way in which he cleaves through the goblins is both savage and graceful. He is a knight. From his stance alone, I can gather that much. There is too much discipline– too much purpose and dignity in his movements.

“Ho there, goblin menace! Fret not, for I shall bring your meager existences to their end in good time! Justice does not discriminate in its selection!”

Then I see it. A small staff of iron in the woman’s hands. She casts a small bolt of fire at leaping goblin, preventing it from latching onto the knight. But still, the numbers they face are quite extreme. As a paladin, it is my duty to aid such travelers.

I draw my weapons and charge in.

“Well met, my ally!” The man says as he cleaves another goblin. “The situation is well in hand but another fighter would bring a swift end to this conflict!”

“I couldn’t agree more!” I yell.

Goblins are hardly warriors. It would take at least ten to be match for the lowilest squire of Arcadian soldiers. Yet it was becoming well known that the Mountain Kingdom of Ralion was having increasing troubles with controlling the goblin population. The further north you traveled, the greater the risk of a goblin raid.

Still, between two trained knights and a mage of unknown power, even this group of… what was it? Twenty goblins? Thirty? They were no match for us. I’d give details of the battle but it was so simple and quick that it would be a dull and repetitive account.

“That was a strangely large party.” the man sighs. “I’ve never seen them attack in groups of more than five at a time.”

“Have the elves of Ralion truly been unable to get a handle on them?”

“It would seem they cannot.” the man sheathes his large blade and extends his hand to me. “I am Malcolm. A mercenary and adventurer in these parts! I would offer you reward but I’m afraid I have no funds until my assignment is over.”

“Are you both unharmed?” I ask.

The woman nods silently at me.

“Ah, yes, meet my quarry, Ser- um… Serene.” Malcolm says. “As you have seen, she has some skill in the arcane arts and seeks to make her way to the elven city in the mountains.

“Perhaps I could accompany you. I am a Paladin of Arcadia and it is my duty to help our citizens.”

“Ah, I thought I recognized your crest!” Malcolm says excitedly. “I’ve always wanted to meet a paladin! Your order is most gracious and prestigious!” he turns to Serene. “Well, I for one would welcome your help but the decision remains in the hands of my employer!”

“I cannot offer payment nor reward at this time.” Serene says. “But if you wish to assist us, I will not turn you away.”

“Very well.” I couldn’t quite place it, but there was something familiar about Serene. Barring the fact that she had the most beautiful face hidden beneath that hood, I couldn’t help but feel I had seen her somewhere before.

“Will you bestow upon us your own name, fair paladin?” Malcolm asks.

“Liz-“ I pause. A brief surge of pain goes through my heart. “Elizabeth Gallagher.”

“A most beautiful name!” he declares, then points towards the mountains. “Now then, let us continue to the land of Ralion!”

I couldn’t help but grin at Malcolm’s character. Ever the optimist, and the way his long, golden bangs flowed in the wind, and the way he carried himself- shoulders raised, and a confident grin on his face. He was like a hero from a song of legend. He reminded me a lot of someone I knew in the order of Paladins.

Eastern Arcadia was a lot different from the west. Where on the west you have many green, rolling hills and plenty of trees, the east was more golden grasslands and farms. Largely flat but that made it much easier to patrol for the knights. You can get much better lines of sight on the land. If there was trouble to be found, you would find it easily.

And that’s when we saw it. Over near the castle, a great deal of smoke began to rise from the Darkwood. One of Arcadia’s most important sources of wood was giving off frightening levels of smoke, one might think there was a dragon attack.

“Please don’t tell me that’s where Robin and his troop headed.” Serena sighed.

“Very well!” Malcolm said with unnecessary enthusiasm, “I shall not tell you, my liege!”

“Robin?” I asked.

“Aha!” Malcolm said, “A compatriot of ours who led an expedition against a supposed necromancer that was hiding in that forest. I guess… things went awry.”

“Knowing that group, they probably set fire to it on purpose.” Serene commented.

“Ahahah… I suppose it’s possible…”

“Who is he?” I ask.

“A pretty big guy with a pretty big axe!” Malcolm grinned, “Helped us out a few days ago!”

“Malcolm.” Serene gave the mercenary an odd stare, but the blonde-haired man helplessly shrugged his shoulders.

“I can’t lie about it.”

“You don’t need to volunteer unnecessary information either.” She looked at me. “We encountered him a bit earlier, he pulled us out of a tight spot, along with a few other adventurers.”

“We were attacked by a servant of Mephistopheles.” Malcolm added.

“Malcolm!”

“Forgive me, my liege,” Malclom pulled his bangs away from his eyes, “but even as an initiate, I believe she has a right to know the truth. She may even be able to help us.”

I swallow and press my legs together. Once again, I have to pee, but such urges will have to wait. Mephistopheles was the Lord of Hell who had supposedly tried to wipe out humanity ages ago. As a paladin, it was my sworn duty to combat him and his followers.

“Suffice it to say,” Malcolm explained, “We are not who we say we are. Serene is a high ranking official from Tripoli who has been targeted by a powerful warrior serving Mephistopheles. It was my job to move her to a safe location with secrecy being our defense.”

“Then what I suspected was true,” I say, “you are an Arcadian Paladin.”

Malcolm nodded. “This assassin is not to be trifled with, Elizabeth. He wields tremendous power and cannot be killed. I saw him return to life after being slain in a most brutal fashion.”

“What does he want?” I ask.

“Serene’s life.” Malcolm answers. “Beyond that, we are unsure.”

“Not entirely true.” Serene added, “He tried to take the King’s life as well.”

“The King!?” I gasp. I didn’t realize things were so dire. I almost felt bad leaving the capital. Had I stayed behind, perhaps I could have helped defend against attack. Paladins are a cut above the typical soldiers and knights, you see. Blessed by God, we are literally given the power to smite evil with holy light. This is not some religious allegory or obscure analogy. We can generate a brilliant light from our weapons and bring it upon unholy foes just in case “dead” isn’t dead enough.

So for a single warrior to fend off a paladin… I am given pause.

“Yes… you were fortunate to evade my sword… but not this time.” A strange and deep voice seems to echo through the fields. Serene and Malcolm immediately ready their weapons, a look of terror on their faces.

Then I see it. Atop a nearby hill… a man. White hair… clad in black leather armor… holding a large, crimson sword in one hand.

“I suspected you would flee to Ralion in order to warn the elven king… but I did not expect you to bring such a small entourage.” His face is unwavering. The man knows he is in a position of power, but he emits no satisfaction or enmity. His gaze is cold and uncaring. We are merely a job to him.

“Who are you!?” I ask, drawing my sword and shield.

“I am Camus, servant of Mephistohples.” He does not look at me. “And with the blood of each royal family, I shall complete the ritual to bring the Prince into this world.”

“Have you gone completely mad!?” Malcolm shouts. “He’ll enslave every free race in the world!”

“Yes, he will bring order to this chaotic world once again, but that is not my concern.” Camus replies. “My job is only to gather the blood.” He leaps off of the hill and lands before us. His red eyes pierce even my armor, as if my power means nothing in the face of his. And for a brief moment… I understand. I’m going to die. It terrifies me… but I accept it. To protect my home… to protect my family… I would gladly give up my life. That is the hallmark of a paladin.

I charge. I know it will likely mean my death, but I press my attack. I keep my shield close to my chest to protect against counterattack… but it means nothing to this man. He plunges his sword into the ground, sending violet pulses of energy towards Malcolm and I. We are knocked off our feet almost instantly.

Camus walks towards the robed woman. “Now… Princess Serena… you will die.”

I regain my bearings, get up and attack again. That woman was the princess of Arcadia? Then there was no time for weakness. I had to stop this man.

But he effortlessly deflects my attacks. Each strike of my blade is parried… and when he chooses to go onto the offensive, I am desperately trying to block his attacks with my shield. My body is moving almost entirely on instinct, my shield arm moving to stop his relentless slashes.

That’s when Malcolm gets up and strikes with his greatsword. The pressure is taken off of me, and my bladder reminds me that it needs relief. Could have picked a better time.

But I can’t let them die. I channel all my power into my sword and lash out against Camus. And there it is. He tries to deflect my thrust but it slips through his guard and pierces his left side, followed by a brilliant flash of light.

He grunts as he leaps back, clutching his wound. But I don’t give him room to breathe. I attack again. And again. His blocks are a little more shaky now that he’s wounded.

“A lucky hit… you won’t get lucky again!” He growls.

“Malcolm!” I say “Take the princess and run!”

“But-“

“I’ll hold him here! Get away!”

They both seem to understand. They run towards the mountains, leaving Camus and I to face each other.

“Surely you know that you cannot match my power. Do you truly believe you can defeat me?”

“Either way, I’m not gonna stop until I’m dead!”

“How very noble of you,” Camus says without emotion, “Then I shall endeavor to end our match swiftly.”

I’m not sure what happened. I gave it my all. I used divine protection spells and smites of all kinds to try to fend him off but I could sense Camus was holding back. His attacks were bizarre. If not unorthodox attacks, he would add in strange magical attacks to keep me at range. Only a few minutes passed but it felt like hours. I was losing. With each blow I took, my life felt that much closer to its end.

But I ignored it. There were people I needed to protect. I ignored the pain in my body. I ignored the protests of my bladder. All that mattered was stopping this man from killing our princess.

Finally, I’m sent flying by another strange magical attack. I crash land hard onto my back. I’ve lost my sword and my shield, so I pull out a knife I keep hidden in my boot. But I look to the north first. At last, Malcolm and Serena have disappeared over the horizon, and I know I’ve accomplished my mission. A sense of relief goes about me, and I suddenly become aware of the pain in my body. Camus stands over me with his weapon poised to strike, and I prepare myself for the blow.

I hear the sound of a metal object cutting through the air. Camus jumps back… and the world begins to grow dark

—

When I awaken, the first thing I realize is how bad I have to pee. My entire lower area aches with the feeling of needing to take a leak. But as I open my eyes, I’m greeted by sight of a young girl with fiery hair playing her violin next to a campfire. It’s night now. My body still hurts, but the edge has been taken off.

The girl noticed me as I sit up. Her music ceases as she looks at me.

“Oh… hi.” she says.

“Hello.”

“How are you feeling?”

“Better.” I say. “What happened?”

“That man attacked you. You lost consciousness from your wounds. You were bleeding pretty badly around your left leg.”

I look down. I’m not wearing my trousers anymore. Only my panties below the waist, but there is a bandage there.

“I used a bit of magic to heal what I could,” the girl says, “but I am not well versed in the healing arts. "The names Addilyn Tsereteli, but most just call me Ayla." The girl gives a bow like a bard on his closing performance, slow and elegant.

“I am Elizabeth. I am a paladin of Arcadia.” I rise to my feet, searching for my pants. “So what happened to the white-haired man?”

“He fled. Seems that deflecting my arcane arrows was more trouble than it was worth for him.”

“You should have pursued.” I say with a hint of anger. “He was trying to kill someone. Now he may succeed.”

Ayla looks at the ground silently.

“I… I’m sorry. You couldn’t have known that. I’m grateful for what you’ve done for me so far.”

She gives a single nod. Then she points behind me. “Your pants are over there if you want to put them on. Sorry I had to take them off to get to your wound.”

“Ah, it’s no trouble. I understand.” As I stand up, however, my bladder sends another unfriendly reminder. I stop in my tracks, pondering what I should do. It’s gotten pretty bad now, and I really don’t want to keep holding it. I even consider just pulling my smallclothes to the side and letting it out where I stand.

But I could never do that in front of someone else. I withdraw the idea as quickly as I conjured it. Was there any cover nearby? I look around, but we’re still out in the fields. There were a few patches of grass I could maybe squat down into, but Ayla would definitely figure out what it was I’d be doing.

So to the dismay of bladder, I choose to continue holding it. I walk over and put my trousers back on, hoping to God that they don’t have to endure my urine again.

“So who was that guy?”

“Someone too powerful even for me.” I say with humility. “It will likely be someone else who has to slay him.”

“Have you been a paladin long?”

“I’m newly graduated,” I say, “But I’ve been an initiate for about four years.”

Ayla grinned slightly. “Must be nice going on adventures and helping people all the time.”

“It has its perks and its downfalls.” I reply, thinking of my encounter with Nymeria in the forest. I’m starting to sway back and forth in place now. It’s getting increasingly difficult to remain still. “And what is your profession?” I asked.

“I’m just… exploring the world.” Ayla answers. “I come from Drogoth.”

“I didn’t realize there were human settlements there.” I say. If you thought Arcadia was rife with danger, then Drogoth is something out of nightmares. A largely untamed land due to the presence of large creatures, such as harpies, large spiders, and the occasional giant. Monsters and savage creatures ruled that area. Few dared to travel through it, though I’ve heard that Arcadian outlaws sometimes flee there.

And that gave me pause about Ayla. She wasn’t… she couldn’t be… was she?

“Yes, I came from a small village there. It wasn’t the most luxurious life, but we made do. I guess I just… wanted more. So I left to seek my own adventure. Is that weird?”

I shake my head. “I became a paladin for similar reasons.”

“Not to serve the church? Or justice?”

“I wanted to help people.” I explained. “I wanted to be the change this world needed– to fight off the evils of this realm and help people to live another day safely. But after today… I’m starting to realize how tall of an order that truly is.”

Ayla nodded. “This world does indeed have elements to it which surpass our abilities. I’ve heard terrifying tales of dragons and other such monsters which rule the south and the north. Though it would be quite the tale, I don’t know if I have the power or courage to face such a beast.”

I had forgotten about that. Dragons. They’re believed to predate even the earliest human and elven settlers. The only thing that seems to keep them from annihilating us mere mortals are their isolationist mentalities… or each other.

However, I had more pressing concerns. If Ayla was indeed a criminal… I had to know. So I asked her, and not discreetly.

She gives me an annoyed look, as if I just sullied her entire character. “I have never once committed a crime that would warrant such a dastardly consequence! In fact-“ she gives me a puzzled look. “Are you… okay?”

I realize now that my legs are crossed and I’m bouncing where I stand. I have to pee so badly. The conversation was serving as a distraction but I start to come to the realization that I just can’t hold it any longer.

“I… really have to pee.” The words fall out of my mouth like rocks upon a slope.

“A-Ah… I see…” Ayla blushes a bit. “Well… I’ll just turn away. Do your business wherever you like.”

She averts her gaze from me and I move into a patch of grass. As I squat down, I realize it wasn’t nearly as much cover as I had hoped it would be. I pull my trousers down and it would be very easy for someone to see my exposed body. But I just… can’t… hold it.

I stand up slightly so I’m in more of a partial squat, sticking my… uhm… back end… out a bit. And I release. By the Lord, I can’t believe how much noise it makes as I pee on the hard dirt below. The last time I squatted all the way down, though, I ended up peeing on my boots. All I can think about, however, is that I really hope Ayla isn’t looking at me in this incredibly humiliating position.

Ten seconds pass. Twenty seconds.

“Wow, you really had to go, didn’t you?” Ayla calls out.

“I’m really sorry…”

“It’s no trouble.” Ayla says awkwardly. “Maybe next time don’t hold it in for so long?”

“I’ll try…”

Can my body please stop producing urine now? This is embarrassing enough as it is! But it just… keeps… going.

After what felt like a full minute, I feel the stream die down. It’s over. I give my lady parts a quick wipe with my hand and pull my trousers back up.

“I’m really sorry about that.”

Ayla chuckled a bit. “When you gotta go, you gotta go.”

“I know, I just… feel really self-conscious about doing it in front of other people.” I walk over and sit next to the fire, just staring at the flames, trying to forget about how embarrassed I felt. It reminded me of a past incident I had.

“So tell me more about being a paladin!” Ayla suddenly asked, leaning towards me. “You must have had some interesting tales and adventures!”

“Like I said, I was only recently inducted,” I say, “Most of what I encountered was just dealing with petty thievery and drunken brawls. Rarely do I see anything as exciting as a good bandit raid.” She looked at me with an eager expression. I could tell Ayla wanted to hear a more dashing tale, but the truth was that I was a novice adventurer. I didn’t have any grand tales to share. So I just helplessly shrug and give her an awkward smile.

“Well…” Ayla started to draw a circle in the dirt with her finger. “I did hear about a bounty that was posted on a few rebels in the area. They’ve been raiding farms and taking supplies apparently.”

“Really!?” I say with shock and enthusiasm.

“Maybe we could take it on together?”

I nod. “I’m not interested in the reward, of course! I simply want to help my people!”

Ayla grinned. “Of course.”

I couldn’t help but smile back. I found a real friend out here in the wilderness. We both woke up a bit too early the next morning. The sun hadn’t even broken over the horizon. But the childish grins on our faces were evident to all. We were two young adventurers about to take on our first real quest as a team.

*003*2018-03-21 04:22

Thank you! A lot of my issue with the other one was that I didn't know where it would go from there and it came across to me as weak. I feel a little less insane now that someone confirmed it.

