Anything to Confess? - Page 3

*050*2021-08-19 21:30

Chapter 25:

Megan

Anthony came home from school yesterday like he’d just won the lottery. It’s easy to forget how exciting preparing for your first communion is. His is less than a fortnight away now and mam has gone into hyper organisation mode wanting to outshine all the other families celebrating the same event on the same day. It’s so not needed but mam doesn’t agree with me on that. Anthony almost bounced out to school this morning and Rory had to chase after him. I remember my first communion well and I love seeing the boys excited about chapel. I guess mam has plans for today too, not just because dad has a rare day off but because she’s actually up and dressed and downstairs before the boys even leave for school for once! She’s all chatty and smiles this morning, but then again in front of dad she always is.

Mam even offers to make me a cup of tea once the boys have left. She sits Yasmin in her jumperoo and fills the kettle before turning and hitting me with what she wants.

“Megan your dad and I have really important things to do today love. We’re getting outfits for Anthony’s first communion, then booking his cake and then meeting the photographer and your dad has booked a table and he’s taking me out for lunch so I was wondering if…”

“You want me to watch Yasmin this morning?”

“Well not really this morning…more most of the afternoon too. It’s not fair on her to drag her along to all the things we need to do now and you know how fussy she can be about some things like noises or her nap times. Anyway, you remember that health visitor visit last week? (how could I forget?) Well she gave me some leaflets of baby stuff on in the community that she thought might help Yasmin. I had a look through them and there’s one on this morning at the library at 11. ‘Time to rhyme’ I think it’s called? Yasmin would love that so I thought maybe you could take her to that since you’re not working?’

This is mam all over, but before I can even think of objecting dad walks in, kisses mam on the cheek and then kisses my cheek and hands me £20.

“Maybe you could could go to a cafe of something after that library thing with Yasmin to save you having to cook her lunch? She’d love that. A right treat for my beautiful daughters.”

I’m trapped. They are going out anyway and they know I won’t ever abandon any of my siblings, and especially Yasmin. I’ve been set up…again. By the time I’ve finished my tea they’ve both left, waving goodbye and kissing Yasmin on their way out and leaving me to now stop her crying. Oh joy!

After I lift Yasmin out the jumperoo, change her, wash her and dress her, I look at the time. It’s already almost 10:30. I switch on the TV but even the kids channels aren’t settling Yasmin so I get her buggy out from the under stair cupboard and get a coat for us both and decide to take her to the thing at the library anyway. In the buggy Yasmin is at least more settled, while it’s moving anyway, and the rain cover keeps her dry from the light shower starting. But my mind and mood are darker than the approaching clouds and while I walk towards the end of the estate I can’t help thinking what if I had work this morning? What if the McGintley’s had decided to employ me and I had made plans with Chelsea? As much as I adore Yasmin she’s my sister not my daughter and I’m sick of being left to do everything for everyone all the time. If I could just work out a way to get a job like Shaun or Aisling and move out. Even if it was just a room somewhere, anywhere.

The rhyme thing actually was quite fun, though of course everyone assumed Yasmin was my daughter and loads commented on how cute she is. I knew they wanted to comment on her Downs but it’s like the elephant in the room and left unspoken. We’re all offered juice and biscuits with the librarian saying she wished it could be tea or coffee but health and safety prevented it. I brought one of Yasmin’s baby bottles with milk in for her so while she has some of that I drink a plastic tumbler of diluting juice. It feels weird being in the kids room in the library but the whole building makes me smile thinking back to the last time I was here. 

Putting on my coat to leave I feel something in my pocket and guilt washes over me. It’s the McGintley’s card I took from here last week! I get Yasmin strapped in the buggy and pull the rain cover on and stop in the corridor to slip the card back onto the community notice board. There’s a new card been put up where this one was and I can’t help reading it. Now my mind is thinking all sorts, though I don’t feel I can actually remove that other card.

If only I had a job!

Walking back home in the pouring rain my mind is in a whirl. What if I could move out? What if I could afford that room to rent that was advertised?

It’s too wet to go to any cafe and there’s food at home so I make something for the baby and myself and then wash up. Yasmin is grumpy because she’s tired so I lie on the couch and put some music on and cuddle her until she falls asleep. She cuddles in but we are rudely woken by the house phone ringing. Leaving Yasmin lying on the sofa propped in with cushions I go to answer the phone. It’s St.Christopher’s school. Rory has been sick and needs picked up right away.

I sigh, stuck between now needing to get Rory from school and wanting to let Yasmin nap. I find the baby sling, carefully strap a half asleep Yasmin in, put my coat on as best I can and grab an umbrella. As I walk the short distance to the school I realise I haven’t even so much as got to pee since I woke this morning. That tea mum made me this morning, the juice at the library, then another mug of tea with my lunch is weighing heavy on my bladder.

As soon as I get Rory home safely I’ll run upstairs to the loo!

&&

&&

&&

*052*2021-08-20 09:03

{{2 hours ago, OmoLem said:

I am loving this story so so much! Great job so far!

}}

Thank you. I am loving writing it.

*054*2021-08-20 09:51

Chapter 26:

Liam

I wake from my nap with a jump to the noise of my phone ringing. Half asleep I answer with a rough ‘hello’. It’s just Gareth doing a quick call to see if I am still calm and asking if I’ve thought any more about advertising for a flat mate. He’s delighted when I confirm I have six adverts up locally and I was hoping the phone was someone responding. We both laugh as he role plays asking if I have a room to rent because his girlfriend is super possessive, mega controlling and his future in-laws are 100 times worse!

It does sound funny coming from him, the man who has a great career, beautiful wife, two kids, a dog and owns not just a five bedroom home in London but a 2nd home in Yorkshire too! He doesn’t know the half of what went on but still I haven’t laughed this much in ages and it feels great…well apart from the fact it’s increasing my sudden and urgent need to pee which hasn’t been helped by the fact my stomach is empty but I’ve been drinking loads of water. There’s no way I am going to go to the bathroom whilst talking to my best friend though but so as soon as we finish the call I’ll need to go.

I feel so much better after chatting to Gareth, I always do. I’m just making my way to the bathroom when my mobile rings again. Worried I might miss someone calling about the room I decide to hold my bladder a bit longer to answer my mobile again. The voice on the other end is foreign and I struggle to make out what he’s saying. I pace around the small living room trying to repeat what he’s saying until I can just about work out that his name is Flavius, he’s an HGV driver and he’s pulled in for fuel and seen my card at the petrol station. He asks the postcode and address of the flat and in my state of really needing to pee plus his lack of English, combined with my hunger, I panic that he plans to turn up in an HGV right now! He keeps talking though, asking a lot of questions that I can barely work out properly, and my patience is fast running out now he’s been on the phone nearly twenty minutes and I am having to squeeze my dick I’m so bursting.

Then as if that isn’t enough it’s like the whole world is against me suddenly and there’s a knock on my door! Eager to get Flavius off the phone and whoever is at my door away so I can get some privacy to piss in my own home I hang up the phone and pull my front door open. There an Eastern European man is standing smiling at me with his hand out for me to shake! He introduces himself as Flavius Petrescru and immediately pulls out a load of cards from his pockets of all sorts of foreign ID. I’m holding the door open with one hand as I quickly shake his other hand as he steps inside and I close the door.

He confidently shows himself around what little space their is and I cringe as he opens the bathroom door and I can clearly see my own toilet torturing me as I try to hide my desperation from the stranger in my own flat. Meanwhile Flavius is nodding and getting animated as he steps into the small kitchen and opens my fridge and freezer. 

There’s so little there I wonder what he’s thinking but then he turns and pulls out a photo from his wallet and names all the people on it pointing to them one by one.It appears back home he is married with children and looking for somewhere to sleep when he’s working in Bangor. My head is spinning with questions that I know he probably won’t understand so I smile, nod and move eagerly from foot to foot wondering if he plans on staying much longer as right now I urgently want to use my own toilet but it seems highly inappropriate while he’s here. He opens my washing machine and gets animated using his hands to spin in a circle. I nod assuming he asking if it works and he can use it if he gets the room.

Using gestures he asks if he can sit down and he pulls out an invoice from his back pocket. This one is in English and I can see it’s clearly from the local Travel Lodge. Glancing at it I can see it’s paid, reassuring me not only that Flavius is genuine but that he does stay in Bangor for some nights regularly and he has enough money to pay his bills. I’m also shocked at the price he pays and can now see why my tiny room with access to his own facilities to cook a meal, wash clothes and sit and relax must suddenly appeal. With the use of a small diary he points to the days he wants the room this coming month and writes the total it would cost in the corner of one page. I nod seeing that he’s happy to pay the full weekly amount even though he will only want to stay on limited nights.

It seems crazy but my need for money, the idea I might still have my own space for several nights a week but still get income for the full week, combined with the throbbing in my bladder making me desperately want Flavius to leave, makes me decide that, at least for now, this might work. I’m trying to work out how to ask Flavius for a deposit when he readily open his wallet and counts out £120. Even if I never see him again at least I now have his deposit.

Gareth would at least be pleased at that.

I shake hands with my new flat mate, struggling to stay still because I’m dying to pee, stand up and head towards my front door. I’m just about to shake hands with him again and close the door so I can finally use my bathroom when he wedges the door open with his foot and mimics writing with his hand. I’m near pissing myself now and trying to urgently work out what he wants before I have a huge accident when it suddenly comes to me: he’s asking for a receipt for his money.

Shit. I need to write him out one super super quick before my jeans darken and warn urine runs down my legs.

*057*2021-08-21 07:44

Chapter 27:

Megan

Rory looks white as a ghost and says he wants to lie in his room. Yasmin is asleep in the baby carrier so I carefully unhook her and let her nap on the couch surrounded by cushions while I fetch some Calpol for Rory and a basin for him to be sick in if needed. He takes the meds readily and lies down on his lower bunk. I stroke his head and tell him mam should be home soon and to call if he needs me. I’m finally about to go to the bathroom to pee when I hear a bang and Yasmin crying loudly. Panicking I race downstairs to find she’s rolled off the couch and onto the floor! She doesn’t seem hurt, more shocked, and I hold her tight and walk around the room comforting her.

Minutes later she’s still crying, though not as fiercely. I warm some milk for her in her favourite bottle and sit on the couch nursing her. As her tears subside I can feel mine ready to come any second. Sucking her warm milk she curls her fingers tightly around one of my hands and her eyes look right into mine. How could anyone not want a baby like our Yasmin? Part of me could happily sit here nursing her and feeling her warmth and love all day but then another, very strong part of me right now, urgently needs to be able to put her down so I can finally wee. I glance up the living room clock and sigh seeing that it’s now after 2:30 and I haven’t had a pee since I first woke up at 7:30. No wonder I feel like I’m ready to explode!

I sit there squeezing my muscles tightly watching as Yasmin sucks rhythmically, her eyes slowly closing and her body relaxing into mine. She’s so utterly beautiful I can’t help but wonder why mam and dad didn’t want to take her with them today. I’m just thinking of taking her upstairs to her cot when Theresa comes in from work in her grey nursing home assistant uniform. She hangs her hand bag up and takes her coat off and as she walks past me towards the kitchen I tell her about Rory being sent home from school sick. She looks concerned and offers me a cup of tea or coffee as I hear her filling the kettle. As it’s boiling she comes back through to chat but I notice she’s anxious looking and tense.

‘Bad day?’ I ask.

‘Not too bad just super busy. What time is mam in? I’m famished as I only had time for a quick sandwich and some water at lunch.’

I notice she’s very antsy and moving towards the stairs.

‘I’ll be back to make the tea and coffee in a minute Meg. You’ve no idea how much I envy you not working and getting to be home all day. I haven’t even had a minute all shift to use the loo and if I stand here chatting any longer I’ll regret it.’

I stand up, cradling Yasmin in my arms, her body pressing into my bladder making me bite my lip in frustration. As I carry her upstairs I can hear Theresa peeing loudly and strongly as I pass the bathroom and settle Yasmin in mam and dad’s room in her cot. The second she’s out my hands I can’t help but pee dance and grab myself. I don’t want my sister to see my like this so I stay hiding in the darkened room squirming and pee dancing listening for Theresa getting out the bathroom. I have one hand tight between my legs as I lean against the mirrored wardrobe and squeeze myself hard. It feels so good but not half as good as it’s gonna feel in a minute or so, hopefully, when I finally get to pee.

I close my eyes and rub myself, secretly slipping a hand inside my knickers as I dance from foot to foot right on the very edge of wetting myself in my parents room.

So much for Theresa thinking because I am not working I can pee anytime I want! I can’t keep finding myself in this situation all the time. I actually don’t think I’m going to be able to make it this time.

I need Theresa out of the bathroom and pronto!

*059*2021-08-21 13:17

{{15 minutes ago, waterrat said:

Megan got herself into a really desperate situation again, a really amazing story! A hand inside her knickers while dancing from foot to foot

It gets more and more exciting!

And the thought of you being as desperate as Megan while you write makes this all even better!

Great work!

}}

Thank you. I like to be able to empathise with my characters . You’ll have to wait and see what happens to Megan as you hear more of Liam’s story next. Keep reading!

*061*2021-08-21 16:25

{{1 hour ago, Beastman said:

Thank you for continuing to write this story, I am really enjoying it.. The suspense of what happens with father Reily in the confession booth is killing me.

}}

You’ll need to keep reading but I promise all will be revealed soon x

*062*2021-08-21 16:31

Chapter 28:

Liam

God this is close! I scribble a hasty receipt for Mr Petrescu, my new flat mate, which he happily accepts before leaving. I’ve barely closed the door on him when I dash urgently to the toilet dribbling into my underwear as I go. I piss so much I have to steady myself on the wall. It feels so fucking incredible! What a bloody relief! It’s so intense it actually makes the room spin! It isn’t until I wash my hands that I feel steadier.

Going back into the main room I pick up the cash and put it in my wallet. I dig around for a statement from the credit card company and notice it still has Aunt Ella’s address. I rummage through some papers to get the signed lease for the flat and take that with me. I’m glad I spent ages walking around exploring as at least I now know where the bank is so I can pay some of the money into my credit card account in the hope it’s allows my rent to go through. I doubt it will be enough but it might show some credit at least. I need to keep some back for food and other basics because I still have weeks until I get paid. I’ve never had to live like this before and it sucks so much!

I manage to change the address of my credit card at the bank and pay in most of the cash. The girl behind the counter is helpful but too nosy for my liking. She wants me to transfer the direct debits from my credit card onto my personal bank account but until my wages go in there’s nothing there to pay them. I try to explain this but she calls over a colleague to talk to me. I’m so hungry, tired and anxious I almost faint waiting, but then I am taken into a room and given some water. This was why I didn’t want to come! Why do these places feel everything is their business? I explain quietly that I have just moved from England and started a new job and even show the council ID I was given by Shaun at training. Still not satisfied I hear them talking about me as if I am not there and then one of them leaves. She returns with some forms and leaflets and sits down to hand me them with a sense of pity.

I practically run out that place in embarrassment stuffing the leaflets and forms into my inside coat pocket. I head to Lidl and buy as much as I can for £10 and carry my full bags to my flat. After making myself a coffee, this time with milk thankfully, I fry some chicken with today’s date on that I got reduced and add in some frozen stir fry veg. I dig in the cupboard for some soy sauce and eat it like I haven’t ate properly in days, which I haven’t. Finally feeling full and much better I dig out the leaflets and forms from the bank in anticipation of binning them, but find myself reading one of them three times.

Checking my watch it’s just minutes until the place closes but I chance calling anyway. Someone answers and I make an appointment for Friday. I decide not to tell Aunt Ellla or Gareth just yet until I see how things go. The chances are I might never tell them.

Tomorrow I have work and then my new flat mate will be staying for a night. I have no idea where he left his HGV (or if he really has one?) and suddenly his whole appearance and story sounds so ridiculous, but I’ve got cash to at least prove it happened and tomorrow I’ll find out what I have let myself in for.

I make myself another coffee then go my usual early evening walk around near the library listening out for any signs of shouting or abuse or to see if I can see that girl who is still consuming my every thought, sexually and emotionally.

*064*2021-08-22 08:16

Chapter 29:

Megan

Looking at myself in the mirrored wardrobe in the darkened bedroom of my parents I look absolutely crazy! One second my legs are crossed, then I am bent forwards, then dancing, then clutching my stomach, then bend down on my hunkers like I am sitting on a low stool, all the while one hand wedged firmly down the front of my skirt and inside my knickers feeling my wet vagina raging and throbbing so hard it’s pounding against my fingers trying to swallow them up. I need to keep silent as Yasmin is sleeping in the cot nearby, Rory is unwell next door and Theresa could come out the bathroom any second! My body is so desperate and the need to urinate is all consuming. I’m sweating, swearing under my breath, and I can’t think of anything other than how desperately I need the toilet.

I can feel my hand getting warm and wet and I know it’s going to happen: I’m going to burst here in my parents room the same way I burst in the launderette in front of that English man! Even if Theresa gets out now I won’t make it.

In a panic I slide open the wardrobe and grab the first thing I can reach. It feels like some sort of spare bedding, but smaller. There’s no time to investigate properly as I lie it on the floor between my feet, hunch my long skirt up and simultaneously kneel down with my legs apart and my bum hovering above and slightly to the back of whatever it is I just grabbed. 

Immediately I start urinating violently through my panties and tights the very same way I did back in the launderette in my leggings. Whatever it is I am peeing onto must be waterproof as my urine splashes noisily and pools in the centre forming a growing puddle that I can see is about to leak over the sides onto the carpet. I try to reposition myself but it’s impossible without falling over and I can’t stop peeing as the warmth runs down my inside legs and I can feel it under my feet inside my nylon tights. Oh Jesus how badly I needed this as my heart rate stays raised and adrenaline soars through me as I can see mam and dad’s bedroom carpet getting wetter and wetter.

Theresa comes out the bathroom casually and I hear her going back downstairs while I am still peeing hiding in the room. Yasmin is snoring lightly and I can’t hear Rory, but just as my stomach is in knots at the realisation of what I am doing and how I can sort it I hear mam and dad come in the front door and it sounds like one of them is coming upstairs! I finally stop peeing and step over the wet material on the floor and the sodden carpet, slip my soaking wet tights and knickers off urgently and scrunch the wet sheet (which I now realise was a spare mattress protector for the cot) plus my wet clothes and push them as far under Yasmin’s cot as I can. Just as I stand up again mam opens the door of the room and walks in!

Mam looks right at me, without turning the light on thankfully. I put my fingers to my mouth to indicate for her to be quiet and point down at Yasmin asleep. Trying not to show how out of breath I am, and with droplets of urine tickling my inside leg as they dribble down, I whisper, “Just popped up to check on the baby and Rory. Rory was sent home from school earlier as he’s sick. I gave him some paracetamol not long ago and he’s resting in his room. Theresa is home and I was just going to see what’s in for dinner in a minute.”

Mam looks as shocked to see me in her room as I am to see her. I’m not sure what she came in the room for but whatever it was she’s either forgotten or got distracted because after hearing everything I said she turns to look in on Rory and then heads slowly back downstairs. I use my foot to kick the wet things even further under the cot for now, hoping no-one will find them, then I slip to the toilet to dry my legs and pubic area with toilet paper and sit on the loo to get my breath back. Waiting until the coast is clear I run from the bathroom to the room I currently share with Theresa and quickly put on fresh knickers and tights, praying no-one else happens to come upstairs and catch me.

I need to think how I am going to sort the wet stuff under the cot but I’m equally worried that mam or dad will feel the wet carpet in their room later and I have no idea yet how I will explain that. Terrified mam will question what took me so long to check on Yasmin and Rory I race downstairs, taking them two at a time, and go straight to the kitchen where dad is standing waiting on the kettle to boil, two mugs with tea bags in sitting right in front of it and milk on the counter. There’s a cup of coffee sitting at the dining table, which I assume Theresa just finished making for me, so I head right there, sit down and take a warm sip to calm my nerves.

“You had a nice day then Meg? Theresa said Rory was sent home from school? I’ll pop up in a minute and see how he is. Thanks for going to pick him up love. You know we appreciate it.”

I can’t look him in the eye but I feel I need to reply and act normal.

“It’s no problem dad. I’m sure it’s just a 24 hour thing with Rory. Oh and Yasmin loved that time to rhyme group this morning.. She was trying to copy the actions and everything. So cute she was! Tired her out though. She’s napping now. How did you and mam get on with everything?”

“I think we’re mostly sorted now but you know what your mam is like. I’m sure she’ll find another 101 things to do before the big day don’t you?”

I nod and slurp my coffee holding the mug with both hands and avoiding eye contact with my father. Mam and Theresa are talking in the room next door and I hear Anthony come in from school and head upstairs. The house is carrying on as if all is normal but my heart is pounding and my head thumping at the thought of what I’ve just done.

I must find a way to get the wet things downstairs and in the wash without anyone seeing, but how?

*065*2021-08-22 15:13

Chapter 30:

Liam

I wake up feeling nervous after another restless night. I have this foreboding feeling hanging over me which isn’t helped by an early text from Gareth saying he’s seen a post shared about me on Facebook. Lauren is at her old tricks again and posted some made up story about me making off with her money, her expensive watch, an antique necklace that’s a family air loom and driving away in her Porsche. It’s exactly the sort of thing I expected from her when I left and the only thing shocking me is the time it took her to do it. Of course everyone is sharing and commenting believing it all and Gareth says the comments are hilarious, or they would be if they weren’t actually about me.

Only Gareth and Aunt Ella know where I am so I hope Lauren hasn’t seriously reported her lies to the police so neither of them need to get involved. I thank Gareth for letting me know then get ready for work. I’m on shift with Ryan again and I am grateful to actually have a sandwich with me I made from home and cheap Lidl crisps with my bottled tap water on our lunch break for once. The shift involves some busy roads and roundabouts today so there’s very little chat and a lot of focussed work. By the time I head home after being dropped off at headquarters I am surprisingly tired and, as always, very keen to get back to use my toilet!

I’m home less than an hour when there’s a knock at the door and Flavius smiles at me with a small sports bag in his hand. I welcome him in and apologise that I haven’t made the futon into a bed yet, though it’s hard to know if he understands me. I hand him some bedding anyway which he takes to the small room with his suitcase. He comes straight out again and points to the kitchen and I make out from his broken English that he wants something to eat. I am only changing him for the room not food and I feel awkward as he opens my fridge and freezer and looks around. Thankfully he mimes a circle with his hands and I guess he wants pizza so I use my mobile to bring up just eat and he thankfully uses his own phone and card to order himself a pizza and big bottle of cola. I haven’t made my own tea yet so I go into the kitchen and see what I can cook myself, all the time feeling awkward and strange having someone else in the flat.

I guess it will take time to settle into the idea of having a flat mate and on the positive Flavius did actually turn up and he even offered me some of his pizza when it came, which was nice of him. I stick to drinking tap water but notice he drinks the full 1 and a half litre bottle of cola himself. I clean up then switch on the TV while Flavius texts on his phone opposite me and then makes some calls . After this he goes to his room and comes back with some sort of novel which he reads, though of course it’s in his own language so I have no idea what it’s about.

After us sitting silently for a while, me wishing I had some fags left and Flavius reading, I go into the kitchen and bring a mug in to offer Flavius a drink. He nods and I return with a jar of cheap coffee and tea bags and he points to the tea bags and smiles. I return with a mug of tea for him with no milk or sugar as I don’t know what he takes. I place my mug down then come back in with milk and sugar but he beckons that he wants neither. I try and make conversation but it’s very stressful with the language barrier between us so I have no idea when he might leave tomorrow, if at all. I don’t have work tomorrow but I do have an appointment in the afternoon and the thought of a full day with someone I don’t know who barely knows any English in my own flat is very stressful. I wonder if it’s too late at night to text Gareth and moan how crazy his idea was? It’s past 11pm so I’ll update him on my awkward evening tomorrow.

I’m just about to head to my room when I see Flavius stand awkwardly with a hand in his pocket. I assume he too is heading to bed but as I’m going to piss and brush my teeth first I head to the bathroom, actually remembering to lock the bathroom door for once. When I come out he’s standing there right in front of me, openly holding his crotch with his legs crossed. I go to my room next door to the bathroom, suddenly recalling that this is the first Flavius has used the bathroom since he got here over four hours ago! As I strip my clothes off for bed I can hear my flat mate next door pissing a storm. It brings back strong powerful memories again of the noise, smell and sight of that day in the launderette when that beautiful sexy Irish girl pissed herself, and as I get under the duvet I can feel my erection growing imagining her pissing all over me rather than herself.

I really really need to cum but can’t help feeling awkward about stroking myself with Flavius so close in the other room. I hope he goes in the morning because my balls ache with desire for that Irish girl like they have done every bloody night since I set eyes on her! Why didn’t I kiss her when we met again in the library? God I regret that every bit as much as I regret ever having sex with Lauren Bennett.

*067*2021-08-22 23:15

{{1 hour ago, pwpj said:

This story is so hot and well worked out. I can see so many ways that this pair are linked, they just don't know it. Megan's brother is Liam's boss... Liam has made an appointment after his visit to the bank, perhaps with a financial adviser, perhaps the dad of Courtney who Megan is going to work for...? Then again, I'd wondered if she'd take his spare room - but maybe another day - or maybe he offers it to her when the hgv guy is away as a bit of respite from her parents - and one night the two clash and she just has to stay with Liam? oh the possibities are endless and I hope they get together soon! keep it up it's wonderful as with your other stories

}}

So glad you are enjoying it. Plenty to unfold yet and loving how you have read so much and following along. I won’t reveal any of the plot but there’s definitely more surprises to come yet.

*068*2021-08-23 08:17

Chapter 31:

Megan

I cook a basic tea for everyone and take a little up to Rory. Yasmin is awake when I go up so I change her and bring her down for dinner, sweating with nerves as I think about the wet things still stuffed under her cot. I’m all fingers and thumbs and even dad comments on my clumsiness as I drop a fork on the kitchen floor. I laugh it off but inside my chest is beating fast and my face is flushed. Whatever happens tomorrow I need to get to confession! Though thinking about the last time there makes me even more nervous again.

Dinner hasn’t even finished when the house phone goes. Dad answers and surprisingly calls through to say it’s for me. It’s Liz McGintley apologising for not getting back to me sooner and saying that after lots of discussion with her husband they have decided they would like to offer me the job! I actually cry with emotion so much I can barely speak. After me saying thank you through tears she puts me onto her husband who has asked to speak to me. Mr McGintley repeats what his wife has just said then he asks if I need any support in informing the benefits agencies and making sure I am better off. 

I hadn’t even thought about that so I mutter a hesitant yes and he suggests I pop into his office tomorrow afternoon and he’ll make sure that it all gets sorted, adding that there might even be some grants available if I have been on benefits a while, which I have. He gives me the address of his office which I am very familiar with as it’s in the council headquarters where my brother works, and agree to come around 2:30. I nod, forgetting of course that he can’t see me, then realising this suddenly and feeling stupid, I say thanks and goodbye.

Returning to the kitchen it’s like no-one has even missed me. Mam has taken over feeding Yasmin and everyone else is talking and eating. I sit back down and see if anyone says anything and as always it’s dad who is the only one to comment.

‘Everything ok Meg?’

‘Yeah. It was someone calling to offer me a job.’

Anthony turns to me, a forkful of food half way to his mouth, as he smiles and says congratulations. Theresa says well done, dad seems delighted but mam says nothing at all. Between mouthfuls of lukewarm food I quietly add that it’s just part time two evenings a week and four hours at the weekend. Without even so much as looking at me mam practically shouts that ‘That doesn’t sound like it’s even worth the effort of getting out the house for’ and I wipe a tear from my cheek hoping she doesn’t see. I push my plate away and offer to check on Rory.

The next morning as soon as Anthony has left for school, and I’ve made sure Rory is ok playing games in his room having not been sick overnight, I slip out the house quietly and rush to chapel. I still haven’t managed to get the wet things from under the cot and I couldn’t sleep for worry that mam or dad would notice their carpet was wet or smell the urine soaked things. I still hate leaving Yasmin but I can’t carry this guilt any longer. At chapel I kneel facing the crucifixion with tears pooling in my eyes, feeling sorrowful, remorseful and sinful. I don’t even feel worthy to look at the cross let alone pray as I quietly sob between the pews.

I go through my rosary saying everything by heart preparing my mind for confession but I am interrupted by a voice I recognise. Trying to place who the voice belongs to I hear it again followed by the noise of lots of feet and movement. Oh God no! It can’t be! It’s Mrs Williams one of my old teachers from St Christopher’s with a class of kids! My head spins with the horror that this must be Anthony’s class here for a rehearsal of their first communion. I slip speedily into one of the confession booths and pull the curtain. I can’t let Anthony see me sobbing and I still fear Mrs Williams like I am 11 years old back in her class. I’ll just need to wait here until they leave.

*071*2021-08-23 14:02

{{54 minutes ago, Manowar said:

How Anthony would know what Megan say to father Reily during confess? She is too nervous...On the other hand, I have a feeling that this priest will be playing very important role in this story.

}}

I assume there wouldn’t be a priest available in confession if he’s showing the class of children what will happen at their first communion. I think poor Megan doesn’t want her younger brother and all his classmates ti see her upset in the chapel too.

*072*2021-08-23 14:19

Chapter 32:

Liam

I wake with my usual morning wood and thoughts of one particular beautiful Irish girl who has consumed my desires for weeks now. For a moment I forget all about Flavius until I hear the loo flush next door and I jump. I’m aching to cum but now it feels far too awkward and the toilet flushing makes me realise my own bladder is full too. It’s going to take a bit of getting used to having a house mate and especially one who speaks so little English.

I’ve woken in a good mood though for once, having actually managed a few hours sleep for a change. I know I only advertised a room to let and not bed and breakfast but I figure since I have bread in anyway I may as well offer Flavius some toast. It’s weird seeing him in just his underwear as he comes into the kitchen and fills a glass with tap water to drink. He smiles when I hold out the plate of buttered toast, taking some and biting into it immediately. After he’s had a few slices washed down with cheap tea he heads to his room and comes out very soon afterwards with a towel and a wash bag. I leave him to shower or bath and clear away the breakfast dishes. By 8am Flavius has left, taking his holdall with him. I should have asked him to remind me what day he’s due back but by the time I realise he’s already gone.

I spend the next hour or so doing some basic housework and just before 10 my mobile rings. Aunt Ella sounds stressed and annoyed and I soon realise why. That Facebook post Gareth told me about yesterday has gathered momentum and the police have been at Aunt Ella’s door! I’m furious, scared and anxious all at once, even though I know 100% that it’s all lies. I’m used to Lauren and her controlling manipulating schemes but Aunt Ella can’t bring herself to see evil in anyone and her upset on the phone is breaking me. She’s been cornered into telling the police my address here in Bangor. Shit. This is all I need!

I end the conversation reassuring Aunt Ella that she hasn’t let me down and that I am not angry with her in any way. Of course I’m not. All my anger is reserved for one person and one person only: Lauren Bennett. She’s the reason I had to leave England, the reason I am living off my credit card and my bank account has a zero balance, the reason I am picking up litter for a living now and resorted to taking cash from a foreigner just so he can sleep in my spare room a few nights a week. She’s the reason I couldn’t give Shaun a reference from my last job and that I went days last week with no food to eat. I won’t ever hear her apologising either! Hell would freeze over before that happened!

I slam my mobile on the table then hit the same table so hard with my fist that the phone bounces and lands on the carpet. It can stay there for now. I grab my coat and leave my flat, slamming and locking the door behind me. I run down the street aimlessly in the general direction of the beach in a panic. I’m struggling to breathe, my chest is tight and the buildings are moving in circles around me. I feel faint like someone has sucked all the air out my lungs. I grab a lamp post to steady myself, just for a moment, then start running again. I have no idea where I am going but I need to get away. I need away from Lauren and her lies and her control. I need it all to end.

Finally I stop. I don’t know where I am or how I got here as I spin around and see nothing but old gravestones and a huge imposing church building. It takes a moment for my heart to stop beating so loudly and my eyes to focus as I lean against the old church wall to catch my breath. I’m exhausted, lost, stressed, and I can feel my back sliding down the wall as my trainers slide forwards and my bottom slides to the ground like it’s weighted with bricks. With my arms cradling my own knees I tuck my head down and try to make the world disappear. I try to remember my own mum’s voice when I was a child calling me in from the garden for my tea, but I can’t. I can hardly picture what she even looks like let alone conjure up her voice in my imagination. It’s like she’s behind blackness out of reach and fading fast. I’m left on my own again just like I was back when I was 14. She’s never coming back. Never.

I’m shivering even with my coat on but it’s like someone is there. Sobbing uncontrollably I curl myself tighter in a ball on the ground.

‘Aunt Ella. Is that you?’

*073*2021-08-24 08:23

Chapter 33:

Megan

I can’t afford to be stuck in this confession booth any length of time and the more I hear Mrs Willians voice the more I feel physically sick. Of all the teachers I had at St Christopher’s she was by far the worst! I’m thankfully at the side of the sanctuary and the class have been sat in the middle so if they are distracted enough I might just be able to slip out. I glance at my watch and notice it’s only just coming up to 11am. I could go home for lunch before my appointment with Mr. McGintley but then getting back out might be an issue so I’ll just hang around the shore and head to the council headquarters for 2:30. I might check the bank too, if I remember, as my benefits are due in today, or what little I get of them.

Mrs Williams is going on and on and I can hear Father Reilly’s more genial voice too. Now’s my chance…I crouch down at the side of the pews and move slowly, without standing up, until I am at the last pew. I’m almost there! Holding my small clutch bag in front of me I check the coast is clear and make a quick dash for the large door to the right past the Holy water stand and out into the vestibule. From there I dart outside through the old double front doors and run around the side of the building leaning back against the wall breathing a sigh of relief. I’m just coming down from the adrenaline high when I hear something that makes me startle in my state of high alert.

I love the chapel but I’ve always had a huge fear of the old graveyard outside. I look around terrified, imagining rats or bats and all sorts. Then I pause. It’s crying I can hear. And a voice. I stand statue still frozen with curiosity and fear and listen more closely.

“Aunt Ella, is that you?”

My eyes dart everywhere as my heart beats faster than ever. It’s broad daylight but it may as well be the middle of the night for all I am so terrified. But then my eye catches some colour, what looks like a person, feet sticking out and arms wrapped around their knees. It looks like a homeless man has dossed in the graveyard again, or someone is ill or drunk maybe? I tentatively edge closer expecting to be overpowered by the stench of alcohol, but I’m not. I touch him gently then step back, as if whoever it is might bite.

“Hello, are you ok?”

He lifts his head, eyes bloodshot with tears, his face white, almost grey even, and hair all messy and damp. He no longer looks scary, more pitiful and lost like a wounded animal. He hasn’t replied so I step closer cautiously and bend down so I am more at his eye level.

“Are you ok? I’m Megan. Do you need help there?’

His eyes seem to be examining me but finally he rests his head back against the church wall and lessens the grip on his knees.

‘I’m…I’ve gone and got myself lost. Aunt Ella called and then I panicked and ran out my house and…I don’t know how I got here sorry.’

He, whoever he is, doesn’t appear to be a threat in any way and my calves are sore kneeling on my hunkers so I take another step closer to him and sit down on the slabbed area facing him. I have a feeling I have met him somewhere before, perhaps in chapel or maybe he lives near us? His accent isn’t local though it’s more…English sounding.

“It sounds like you might have had a panic attack maybe? Is there someone I can call? I mean I don’t have a phone or anything on me but…”

“Just Gareth but it’s ok. He won’t be able to get me home anyway. He doesn’t even live in Bangor. I’ll be fine, honest. I’ll just sit here for a bit.”

I don’t know why but I don’t feel I can leave him alone. He’s vulnerable, disorientated and…I can’t put my finger on it but there’s something about him that draws me. I move to get closer to him again and put my hand on his shoulder to reassure him. It reminds me of the moment an English man just like him put his hand on my shoulder to comfort me back in the launderette when I had that accident nearly two weeks ago now.

*074*2021-08-24 10:56

Just curious if people would like several chapters a day or if that’s too much? Don’t want to put people off reading but don’t want to unnecessarily keep readers waiting either. Just let me know as lots ready waiting to post..

&&

&&

&&

