We`re Gonna Run

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-05-30 05:49

PART ONE pee desperation, wetting, poop desperation

"What are we going to do for food?" she asked.

"Taco Bell!" I pointed to it. "I love Taco Bell."

"I hate Taco Bell. Plus, it makes you shit."

"No it doesn't," I lied. "Not me, at least. Speak for yourself. Let's go there! You can pick the next place."

"I am speaking for myself. But if I can pick the next place, sure."

"Yaayyy," I pumped my hands in the air.

I got a large baha blast and a burrito. They were gone within ten minutes, but the baha blast came back pretty quickly.

"I gotta pee," I told her.

"I have a stop schedule all done in my head: we're not stopping again until 10:00 tonight."

"That's six hours from now! I can't hold it dor six hours!"

"Just try! I believe in you."

I sighed and fidgeted a little. She always had to call the shots. I let an hour go past before saying something again, because by then I really had to go.

"Okay, Bri, I seriously need to go soon."

"Go?"

"To the bathroom? I need to piss like a racehorse."

"10."

"That's too long from now!"

"9?"

"Now."

"No, because you'll keep doing this, Amber! How about 6:30? Can you hold it until 6:30?"

"Dude, come on, why am I haggling with you? There's literally nothing stopping us from stopping right now. Stop at that gas station."

"6:30 or 10:00?"

"Breana--"

"6:30 or 10:00?" she repeated. I glared at her.

"6."

":30. Got it."

I watched the clock intently as the minutes went by unbearably slow. At 6:00, I had to go bad. I was trying not to squirm so much, but I couldn't help it. If I wasn't tapping my foot or fanning my legs, they were tightly crossed. "Can we please stop now? I feel like I'm gonna pee my pants."

"It's just another half hour! You got this, dude."

I groaned and sat on my hands. It helped a little, but not long after that I found myself unable to keep my hands out from between my legs. Quick squeezes every now and then, trying to make it look like I didn't need it as bad as I did.

"Okay, it's 6:22," I said, spotting a gas station and rocking my hips back and forth.

"Yeah? We got 8 more minutes."

"Oh, come on, man!"

"Look, I need to go too! Just chill out. I don't think you understand why we can't show ourselves very often."

"I understand fine," I said, pulling on the button of my shorts. "You don't need to go as bad as me anyway so it doesn't even matter."

"Bet you I do. Bet you I need to go worse than you."

"You do not need to pee worse than me! I'm dying right now."

"I don't need to pee that bad. I need to pee a little bit. But I really, really need to use the bathroom."

I hadn't even noticed Bri squirming herself. "Let's just stop at the next gas station and we can both go really, reallyquick."

"First of all, we already decided that we can't be seen in the same public place together. Second, we're stopping at a store so you can get us some license plates."

"License plates?"

"One for every state we go through. Discard the used ones."

"Ohh," I said, understanding. Then, a sudden wave of desperation rushed through me and I couldn't sit still. "Holy shit, Bri, please stop somewhere," I said, squeezing myself hard and squirming madly.

When we finally got to a store, I arched my back so that my jean shorts were tight between my legs and said "Okay, just give me some money for the license plates."

"Alright, how much is a license plate? Like, ten bucks? Buy ten of them."

"What? I'm not going to buy ten license plates thats suspicious."

"We can't stop that fucking often!" Breana said harshly. I wanted to argue, but I needed to piss. She handed me two hundred dollars (just to be safe, bring her the change), then I struggled through my best 'not dying to piss' walk to and through the store until I decided I couldn't find the bathroom myself and I needed to ask for help.

My legs were perhaps a bit too tight to be casual when the old man behind the counter told me I had to buy something first.

"Okay, well- I need ten license plates?"

He looked at me blankly. "You do?"

I nodded. "And the bathroom. I'd actually like that first, if you don't mind."

"Are you messing with me?"

"No! Not at all--"

"Go pick out your license plates. It's store policy. They're in aisle three."

"O-Okay," I muttered, planning to hold myself as soon as I was out of sight on my way to aisle three. Both hands squeezing, I stepped side to side desperately as I scanned the license plates.

God, I can't think straight! What states were we going through again? Idaho, Wyoming, Nebraska... I need to see a map. Should I look for one in the store, or run out to the car? Oh Jesus, I can't hold it in...

I only grabbed three of them. It was all there was time for. I stepped around in place while the guy rang it up, constantly pulling my pants up just to do something with my hands. My bladder felt like it was about to explode and I couldn't stop buckling my knees at the intermittent waves of pressure. Counting money was hard. As I handed him the cash, I noticed the tv with the local news droning on behind him. Then, I don't really know what happened. My insides knotted up. I almost peed right there.

"Keep the change, please," I said, grabbing the plates and hurrying out.

I jumped on my heel into the car seat. "We have to stop somewhere else. I still need to pee."

"They didn't have a bathroom?"

I paused. "No."

"Why did you pause?"

"Because I'm a fucking idiot! Here's three license plates. We have to stop for more anyway." I fidgeted to dig my heel in harder.

She was still looking at me. "They didn't have the other states!" I exclaimed, "can we please just go? I'm literally about to pee myself."

"Fine. Can I have the change?"

"It came out even," I said, handing her what I didn't spend with the hand that wasn't gripping my groin for dear life. She pulled off back onto the road and went straight for the fucking interstate.

The next twenty minutes were spent arguing over pulling over. Once it started hurting, I started begging. By the time I started spurting, I was crying.

"Alright fine! We'll pull over.."

"God, finally..." I stared at the cieling and willed my tears to stop. Both hands tightly gripped my crotch through damp fabric. My legs were going crazy- I couldn't stop them. My bladder was filled too much and screaming at me, the discomfort from which was forcing little whimpers out of me as I squirmed around. The car pulled to a stop at the side of the bumpy, crumbled highway. My piss sloshed around torturously. "What are you doing? I said I can't go on the side of the road. I told you that."

"You're gonna have to learn. We can't be seen together or a lot, and I have dibs on the next store's toilet. I know you aren't gonna honor that right now."

"Breanna--"

"You need to train your bladder or overcome this fear."

"God, you're doing what you always do!" It hurt so bad. I groaned miserably, dropping my head back into the seat. "I really need you to tone down your control issues if we're gonna be driving across the country together."

"Fuck you, Amber! All I'm trying to do is not get caught. The less we're seen in public the better. Do you have any idea how often we're going to have to piss outside?"

A car whizzed past. I was crying again. My bladder felt like bursting at the seams. Per a wave of desperation, I started frantically scooting my ass and writhing around in the seat, whimpering and moaning from the discomfort. "I can't..."

"Oh my god, can you even hold it until the next store?"

"F-fuck!!" I blurted out as an involuntary, pulsating stream of piss started squirting into my shorts. They were already soaked by the time I got them just low enough to let the pee jet out onto the pavement. Out came a choked moan, also involuntary. The relief felt incredible. I had my hand on my stomach and I could literally feel my bladder bulge deflate. I didn't even know I could hold as much as I did. The puddle reached all the way to the middle of the street, steaming and foaming at the edges.

As soon as I finished, I got back in the car and pulled my shorts and underwear all the way off. I didn't care about the wet spot on the car seat.

"Better?" Breana asked.

"Shut up. You didn't have to make me piss myself." I climbed to the backseat, damped a washcloth with a water bottle and wiped my thighs, ass, and anywhere that needed it. Then I pulled on just a pair of shorts and said "I'm taking a nap back here."

"'Night," she said as we pulled off. I was mad. I was pissed.

A little bit later, I heard Breana whisper "Amber, you awake?"

I ignored her. Acted asleep. Then I heard her let out a long fart. She had to have been saving that one for a long time. She must be embarrassed to do that in front of me...

I sat up. "You really do have to shit," I said. Breana jumped. "Fuck you, man! God, you gave me a heart attack."

"You mean I embarrassed you 'cause I heard you fart?" I climbed into the front seat. "Why are you embarrassed about that? I'll fart in front of you. I haven't yet, but once I have to I will."

She was beet red. I felt kind of bad. Then I remembered she abused my bladder just to tell me what to do. I reached over and squeezed her in the side. She yelped and yelled "don't do that!" Then she groaned and squirmed a little bit. "Please don't do that again, I really need to go to the bathroom, Amber."

"Well, there's only three more hours until 10:00. You can hold it, I believe in you."

She didn't say anything. A little while later, I felt some gass bubbling up in my belly.

"Hey, Bri,"

"What?" she said, annoyed.

I farted.

"You're not funny," she said. She was sitting straight with her head rested back, visibly uncomfortable.

"I wasn't trying to be funny. We broke the barrier, let's fart in front of each other now. I know you have to. I'll bet you have one right now."

She looked a little less irritated. "I would but I'm honestly afraid of shitting my pants."

I busted out laughing. I wasn't expecting that.

"I really am!" she said, "can you hear my stomach?"

We were silent for a minute. Bri's stomach was groaning and gurgling. "I can!" I laughed.

"Ohh... Fuck it, I can't wait any longer," she groaned, pulling off onto an exit.

I must have looked annoyed. "Oh, come on, Amber, this is a different situation."

"I peed my pants!" I snapped.

As soon as we were in a parking space, she said "I'll be right back," and took off.

