Full on the Firefly 2 - Zoe

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2015-06-30 00:59

Full on the Firefly 2 - Zoe

"We've got an incoming Alliance transmission," Wash stated into the cockpit's intercom.

"What do they want?" Malcolm Reynold's voice buzzed back. There was a very long pause. "Wash?"

"They say there's been a rush of smugglers trying to enter atmo carrying weapons and slaves," Wash finally answered. "They won't let us through without a full inspection of Serenity."

"Well," Mal sighed, "this here is one of the few times we actually have nothing illegal on board. Simon and River are already planetside with Inara, so let them on. I'll meet them at the door."

Wash shrugged and lit Serenity's beacon. Twenty minutes later, the Alliance cruiser had docked with Serenity. Wash leaned back in the pilot's seat, turning his head as the cockpit door hissed open. Zoe stepped into the cockpit with a grin on her face and a massive bottle of red wine in her hand. "Hey honey," she said.

"Not going to greet the guests?" Wash asked with a smile.

"You know I can barely stand to look at them," Zoe sighed. "Besides, these inspections take hours. It would be a great time to enjoy this fine bottle of Persephone Red, wouldn't you say?"

Wash let out a barking laugh. "How did you get that? We couldn't afford a bottle of Persephone if we robbed every bank in the 'Verse. What is that? And be honest."

"It's the real deal," Zoe said, her voice growing happier. "Stole it on the last job. Figured we had better finish it off before the Feds see it, then send it out the airlock. It's too small to register on their radar." Wash shrugged and spun the co-pilot's seat around with his foot, and Zoe settled into it. She pressed a button on the neck of the bottle of wine, and the lid slid open with a satisfying 'Pssshhht'. With a "Cheers," she downed a large gulp.

"Pressurized lid, eh? Fffffaaaaannn-cy," Wash said sarcastically, taking the bottle from Zoe and having his own swig.

Zoe began her retort right before the intercom started buzzing again. "Wash, the Alliance wants all bulkheads sealed while they go room-to-room for inspection. Suppose they don't want no surprises. You alright in there for a while?"

"Hell yes, Cap. Got me some wine and a wife. Pilot life is good right here," Wash confirmed cheerfully. "Closing all doors now." He reached under his console and pulled the long, red handle. The whole ship jolted quickly, and the door slammed shut with a click.

Zoe stood up and turned, settling into Wash's lap. He lifted his legs and rested them in the copilot chair, and he handed the bottle to Zoe for another great chug. "This 昂贵的泔水is better than I thought it would be," she coughed.

"You gonna leave some for me, sweetie?" Wash asked, looking over her shoulder.

"Ah, if I feel like it." She leaned back and kissed him, and they were both extremely comfortable.

This comfort lasted for three hours, when the giant bottle finally ran dry. Zoe was one step short of drunk; no matter how much she had, it never fully showed. She could always stand steady and shoot with pinpoint accuracy, but instead her drunkeness always manifested in unquenchable horniness. This was showing itself in the form of her bouncing up and down on Wash's legs, grinding against his considerable bulge. "Honey," Wash said slowly, "if you're going to keep on like that, I just might need new pants. I don't suppose you would be willing to let me get these ones off first?"

"What?" Zoe mumbled distractedly. "Oh, 为了神的爱, I'm not even thinking about that. I just really need to get at the toilets."

"Well that's unfortunate," Wash quipped. He barely felt the need to go, a pilot's bladder was huge and she had drank a LOT more than him. "Just hold out a little longer, they have to be leaving soon."

"Yeah," she said simply. She continued bouncing on Wash's lap for a long time, and then she gasped, leaning forwards.

Wash was literally right on the verge of getting off on himself at this point. While he respected his wife's predicament, the friction alone was enough to do it. "Zoe, you really need to not be rubbing on me like that. You're doing things to my regions."

"克服它, Wash. I have to be sitting on something hard or I'm really going to have a problem. Your leg is the only thing helping me out right now."

"Alright, hang on," Wash sighed. "Can you stand up for just a second?" She forced herself to her feet, crossing her legs tightly and holding her arms out to her sides. He quickly bent over and picked up the empty wine bottle, setting it on the co-pilot's chair. "Sit on that for now. I'm gonna see what I can do about your problem."

"Thanks," she moaned, positioning herself on the bottle and pressing the hard material between her legs.

Wash nodded and stepped over to the intercom, pushing the yellow button in. "Cap, you there?"

"What is it?" Mal came back.

"There's a bit of an emergency here. We need to open bulkheads through to the crew quarters."

"What kind of emergency?" Mal inquired, rather fairly.

Wash looked at Zoe and winced. "Are you alone?"

"No," Mal answered. "Got the Feds with me, and Jayne and Book too."

"Well, there's a possibility of a small fluid leak," Wash said. "We need the doors open, you know that the systems will go haywire if water gets through the floor grates," he finished, looking seriously at Zoe. Her eyes were shut, and she was holding one hand between her legs and one on her belly.

Mal's voice was a whisper now. "Wash, if the doors open, guns are gonna come out. You know I ain't afraid of any fight, but think hard: Is whatever problem you have worth a battle on my boat and the following escape with Inara and the doc still planetside? And remember, we've barely any food left, that's why we're here."

"他妈的，马尔科姆，我们真正需要帮助的, but no, it's not worth that. Keep doing what you're doing, but please hurry."

"Wash," Zoe exhaled. "This is horrible, I'm really going to have an accident here. I feel so weak. Normally I can hold in a lot, but with the wine..."

"Zoe, I'm so sorry, but you can NOT pee here. If liquid gets through the floor, it will fry the whole cockpit. It would take me and Kaylee a week to fix, and we ain't got food for that."

"What am I supposed to do," she whimpered, tears starting to form in her eyes. "It's so close, I've never felt like this before."

This startled Wash. In all their time together, he had never seen Zoe cry. He doubted she would cry at his own death. "Get your pants off, you can go in the wine bottle," Wash said quickly, feeling stupid that he hadn't thought of it earlier.

"Nnooo," she moaned. "All of the top-shelf Central liquors and wines seal themselves when emptied, to prevent bootleggers from using the bottle to sell their trash as counterfit."

Wash ran over and stared at the lid of the bottle. It appeared to almost have melted together. "Maybe if I break it, one half will stay intact and you can pee in there?"

"I'VE ALREADY THOUGHT OF ALL THIS!" Zoe shouted. "The bottle is SynthDiamond, it wouldn't break if you landed Serenity on it. I'm really going to wet myself in here. I'm so sorry, Wash..."

Wash stepped forwards and knelt in front of her. She did not protest as he pulled her shirt out of her waistband and unbuckled her belt, then undid her button and zipper. Her belly immediately protruded out, its shadow spreading over the light gray shorts she wore as underwear. He had tried numerous times to convince her to wear something prettier down there, and every attempt had been met with: "No. If I ever wake up in a fight, I don't want to be shooting guns at people while wearing pink and frillies." His latest try had also recieved a loud: "And don't ask again."

"That helps a little," Zoe breathed. She gently rubbed the hard, round bulge of her bladder. "I'm going to try to stand up. Get the pants all the way off, so when I lose it I can at least walk out of here with a little dignity." With her legs quivering, she got to her feet. Wash gently slid the tight pair of beige pants off of her, and she gingerly stepped out of them. He folded them and placed them on the cockpit, and she got back on top of the bottle. As soon as she put her weight on it, she screamed out loud.

"Zoe, are you okay?" Wash asked loudly, placing a hand on her leg.

She shook her head, and she was twitching all over. "I've lost control. It's started to come out of my bladder and it really hurts...all my nerves down there are pushed against the bottle and I can feel the pee pushing against it. If I stand up again, or even move, it's just going to come out. My weight is the only thing keeping it in now. This can't be healthy."

Wash placed his head on her shoulder. He wanted to be a good husband, he wanted to tell her to just sit up and piss right where she was. But the fact remained that if she did so, the crew wouldn't eat for over a week. Mal would die before he asked the Alliance ship for food or repair assistance. So she had to hold. Her shoulder was heaving, and he could see her stomach throbbing with her breathing. And then one last idea formed in his head, the only possible thing he could do.

He stood and began tearing his shirt off, not even bothering with the buttons. They clattered to the floor as he bundled the cloth up into a tight ball and knelt down in front of his tortured wife. "Listen to me, Zoe. I'm going to push my shirt up against you. Start peeing slowly, but you HAVE to stop once it starts dripping. Will you be able to do that?"

"I...think so," she panted. "Are you sure you're okay with this?"

"Of course I am," Wash said solidly. "You're my wife and you need me. I can't help you much in a fight, but I'll be damned if I can't help you pee," he finished heroically.

She smiled at him with a look of respect that people rarely earned from her. She placed her hands on the armrest of the chair and sat up, and Wash saw her shorts get instantly soaked. He shoved his shirt between her legs and held it there tightly, and soon he felt warm wetness fill his hands. He rotated the shirt, keeping the driest parts pushed against her, until it was nearly saturated. "Zoe, stop now," he said. She let out an agonized groan, then started breathing heavily. He lowered the soaked shirt, and stared at the small drops of pee that fell from her darkened shorts. They landed on the bottle and slid down the glass before settling into the chair. She pressed back onto the bottle, still looking very worried.

"It's a lot better. At least I have control again. But I'm still bursting. If I start again, it can be my shirt that time."

"Then my pants," Wash said with a smile. "Then I can tell them that I'm the one who wet myself, to protect your honor."

"My hero," she moaned sardonically.

Time passed, about thirty minutes of it. Wash had almost dozed off when he felt Zoe shaking his arm. He blinked awake, and she was standing in front of him wearing nothing but her bra. Her underwear was wadded next to her pants, and her coat was bundled in her right hand, with her left held hard between her legs. Tiny drops of pee were leaking from her privates, falling on a sheet of solid steel floor between grates. "I'm losing it again," she whispered. "I tried to do it myself, but I can't see it clearly and I don't want it to leak-"

"Tsssst," said the intercom. "Wash, they're coming for the cockpit now. Be ready.”

Wash squeezed his eyes shut and groaned. “Zoe, you've got to get your clothes back on. Just for a minute while they check the cockpit.” She silently turned to the pile of clothes, and Wash grabbed the empty bottle of Persephone Red and ran to the small airlock within the cockpit. It's purpose was as a last line of defense against a breach, the pilot of the Firefly equipping a breathing apparatus from beneath the console and venting the cockpit, killing the invaders. The apparatus had never been used, and the airlock was effectively a glorified garbage can. There were electronics inside of it, so Zoe peeing into it was no option, but it would get rid of the bottle. He stuffed the glass jug into the small hole, placing his shirt on top of it and he slammed the button, sending it off with a 'fwhump' seconds before the door opened.

Wash turned around to see Zoe already back in her clothes. She had somehow forced the pants closed over her bladder, and her face was soaked with sweat. She was leaning forwards and rocking her hips with her legs slightly apart. She stood silently, staring angrily at the three Alliance men who had entered the small cockpit. They wandered around, looking under the console, under the chairs, inside the airlock, and along the walls. One of them patted down Wash, then turned to Zoe. He got within three feet of her, then stopped. “What's wrong with you, woman?” he asked, looking at her strange stance and sweaty face.

“Flu,” she hissed.

“Bah,” the Alliance man spat, turning on his heel. The three stormed out, and the bulkhead slammed shut behind them.

“Wash,” Zoe choked out. “It's happening.” Wash spun around and looked at her, seeing darkness slowly spreading down her legs in small spurts. He jogged forwards and held her, forcing his right hand between her legs and pushing up with all his strength. He felt her labia through the pants, and he pinched them together, hard. She gasped out loud and buried her face in his chest. “Wash, please no, it hurts too badly. It has to come out. Please just let me pee.”

He gently stroked her hair with his left hand. “You're a soldier, Zoe,” Wash whispered. “I will not soften my words. I cannot let you do that in this cockpit. You've always been willing to risk yourself to protect this crew, and this is no different. If I have to hold you shut with my own hands until I can open this door, I will. Simon will fix you up if he needs to. Do you understand this?”

She was sobbing now, but she nodded. They stood like this for ten minutes. Wash tried to stay strong, to do what needed to be done, but his empathy for his wife was winning out. “Zoe,” he started, “I'm going to let go of you. If you wet yourself, I will not be angry with you. People have gone longer than a week without food, and I can't cause you any more pain.” With that, he pulled his hand from her. He expected an immediate waterfall, but somehow she was containing it on her own. She had a thousand-yard stare, looking helplessly out the window at the planet that they needed so badly to reach. She stood like that for two more minutes, until the intercom started up again. “They're gone,” Mal's voice came through. “Doors can open up now.”

Wash ran to the device and slammed the button in. “Cap, get up here and make sure nobody follows you. I need you to stand guard.”

“Will you tell me what the hell is happening up there?” his voice came back.

“Malcolm, please. You'll find out in a minute, but we need help now.”

“On my way,” Malcolm said, and the intercom went quiet.

Wash slammed the switch for the bulkheads and they hissed open, and Zoe followed him out into the hall with slow, pained steps. "It hurts. It hurts, really hurts," she was muttering.

"You're so close, honey," Wash said encouragingly. "A couple dozen feet more." At that, Malcolm stepped into the hallway ahead. He looked curiously at them, and his eyebrows raised when he saw Zoe. Her bladder was fuller than Mal's ego, and it would be obvious to anyone that saw her.

"Well, that explains it," he said. "Come on, toilets are empty and everyone is in the mess hall finishing off what little food is left. Kaylee was squirming around quite a bit but she insisted on having a video call with the doc in the engine room, so that's her problem."

Zoe kept shuffling forwards, and was almost at the turn to the bathroom when another voice piped up around the corner. "Git outta my way, Mal, I've gotta piss like a ruttin' racehorse." Jayne Cobb barged into the hall, forcing his way past a struggling Malcolm and staring towards the toilets. And then he bumped hard into Zoe. She stumbled and hit a wall, and Jayne stopped to look at her. "Sorry Zo-huh?"

With her face in her hands, she was completely flooding her beige pants. It burst from her crotch in surges, splattering onto the steel floor and spreading into a long puddle. She was peeing so hard that it wasn't even spreading down her legs, just spraying directly through the fabric. Her legs went limp and she leaned her weight against the wall, giving up entirely. The floor in the hallway was solid steel with no grates or electronics, so despite her humiliation, she could let it all out with no actual consequences.

The three men stood in a row, staring dumbfounded at her. She went on with the powerful stream for a long time, but soon it slowed down and started snaking down her pants and spilling from her ankles. The puddle was massive, Mal and Jayne stepping back to avoid it. She finished soon then, drops still leaking into the puddle, and her legs still shaking. Wash stepped into her puddle and embraced her, looking into her face. Her mouth was slightly open as she breathed slowly, and her eyes were a haze of pure relief.

The silence was broken by a chuckle from Jayne. "Zoe, are you some kind of-"

Malcolm had his sidearm out and leveled to Jayne's gut before he could finish his sentence. "You say one more word about what happened here, in sleight of Zoe or to any of the others, I'll have you in the airlock b'fore you can blink. We in agreement?"

Jayne scowled but nodded, pushing Mal's weapon away and storming into the bathroom.

"I'll clean this up," Wash said softly. "Mal, please get her to her room."

Malcolm nodded and Zoe stepped out of her puddle, and Mal held her shoulder as she walked slowly through the hall. Wash opened the closet next to the bathroom and took out the mop and a roll of towels, turning around just in time to see Zoe stepping into their room. Jayne came out of the bathroom and walked past him without a word, and Wash got to work cleaning the puddle.

*001*2015-07-01 21:58

I've decided to do Inara next, then River.

