I Need to Pee

Author: cleverpun

*000*2012-01-14 03:58

This is a fanfiction about iCarly. It also happens to be my first try at storytelling, so I'm sorry if the formatting is a little off. Any tips, criticisms, or thoughts are greatly appreciated. For those of you who didn't see the request, this story is based on an episode of iCarly in which the characters are ludicrously wrapped up by criminals escaping from a giant pair of pants. The specific picture is here: http://www.icarly.com/m/isnaps#2771.

Also, disclaimer and all that jazz.

- iNeed to Pee -

"Help! Somebody help!"

Carly screamed at the top of her lungs while trying to break free of the unusually thick amount of duct tape that kept her firmly in her chair.

"It's no use, Carly. Those crooks tied us up too well."

Freddie struggled next to Carly, attempting to break free from the large amount of duct tape around his torso as well.

"Hey! Maybe we can bite our way out of these bonds!"

For a brief moment, Sam thought that her idea was genius. Putting her incisors to the tape, she found it much harder and more resilient than expected. Freddie looked over at Sam with a look that seemed somewhere between mildly panicked and disgusted.

"You think you can bite us out of the tape? Are you insane Sam?"

Following Freddie's comment, Sam tried to move to attack Freddie, but found the unyielding duct tape wrapped tightly around her restricted movement of any type. Sam sighed, and leaned back in her seat, frowning slightly as the tape cut into her soft flesh. Unfortunately for Sam, one section of the tape was placed straight on her bladder, and while Sam felt a small urge to pee, it was intensified by the constant pressure digging into her belly.

"Well, I guess we'll have to sit here until Spencer comes home"

After Carly rationally suggested this, the group sat in silence. Over the course of the next 15 minutes, Sam began to feel some of the fluids she had drank running their course through her digestive system. At the Shey's house, Sam was known to eat and drink anything she could get her grubby hands on, and this time, she had managed to down three glasses of OJ before the criminals managed to capture her. Sam winced as she felt her lower abdomen churn and process the recently drunken liquids, but felt as though she could hold on. Squirming ever so slightly, with her legs pressed together, Sam attempted to shift her mind away from her inexorably filling bladder, and instead tried to fantasize about chicken wings.

30 more minutes had passed, and while Sam wasn't fully desperate yet, she knew she needed to go soon. The squirming intensified, and Sam, being socially inconsiderate, decided to voice her current problem.

"Hey, Carls, I kinda have to pee. Drinking your OJ wasn't a very good idea. Any idea when Spence will be home?"

"Sam!", replied Carly, clearly embarrassed at this line of questioning. "It's not very appropriate to say those sorts of things! Anyway, I don't know when Spencer will be back, he may be at the Groovy Smoothie or executing an ill-formed plan." Carly bit her lip before asking the next question. "Do you think you can make it for another hour?"

"Well, Carls, I pride myself on bladder strength. But I gotta say, if we aren't freed soon, things are gonna get messy." Freddy blushed slightly at hearing Sam say this, but Carly just rolled her eyes.

Sam bit her lip and pressed her legs tightly together, fantasizing about foods once more. But after just a couple of minutes had passed, Sam felt the liquids accelerate through her body. Her womanhood quivered with stress, and a single drop of urine gained freedom and splashed into her sky blue panties. Sam gasped audibly.

"What's wrong?" inquired both Carly and Freddy at the same time. Sam, never too shy, replied,

"I think I'm dribbling a little here. It's a shame really, these are my favorite pair of panties."

"Sam, that's gross! Just try to concentrate on something else..." replied Carly, clearly embarrassed with the topic area once more.

"What do you think I'm doing, picturing waterfalls? Ooohh..." groaned Sam, as she accidentally ended up visualizing waterfalls, and shuffled about in her seat. "We really need to get out of her soon though. I underestimated how much my bladder feels like it's going to explode!"

The next 15 minutes were agonizing for Sam; she shuffled in her seat, tried to stick her hand between her legs (to no avail, with her hand firmly tied up), and moaned audibly as she fought an uphill battle against a fast-acting bladder. The area around her pussy had begun to moisten slightly, and every few minutes, Sam would have to mentally restrict waves of liquid from pouring out of her body. Unfortunately for the rest of the iCarly group, Sam's squirming shuffled their seats around also, making it extremely uncomfortable.

"Do you mind stopping Sam? The constant rocking is making me nauseous," whined Freddy.

"My underwear feels like a swamp, I don't have a choice! If I stop moving, my bladder will explode!" Sam whined.

"Well, could you stop for 5 minutes? I get motion sickness really easily," retorted Freddy, and little more forcefully.

"Didn't you hear me you hobknocker? I. Can't Stop!!!"

Unfortunately, while Sam was bombarding Freddy with shouts, her attention had shifted away from the growing battle with her bladder. Sam began to feel a wet warmth spreading between to her legs, and looked down with dismay and shock. A quarter-sized wet patch had appeared, and it was visible to both Carly and Freddy.

"See what you made me do Freddy? I peed a little! We gotta get out of here, before I leak everywhere!"

"Okay, I think I have a plan," replied a nervous looking Freddy. "If we all shake together, we'll knock over the chairs, and maybe we can escape from that angle. Then Sam, you can do your business where it normally should be done. Sound good?"

Carly, who was thoroughly grossed out by the situation, couldn't do much more than nod. Sam, whose floodgates were slowly being lifted, couldn't do much more than nod either. Freddy took their silent acquiescence as a sign to put his plan into motion.

"On the count of 3. 1...2....3!"

The iCarly crew rocked the chairs back and forth, Carly with a look of abject terror, Freddy with a look of determination, and Sam with a pained expression as she felt another small spurt escape the folds of her legs and jet into her underwear. As the chairs began to speed up, Sam suddenly realized a potential downside to this plan.

"Wait, stop!!! This could..."

But the chairs had already begun tipping, and there was no turning back. A moment before she hit the ground, Sam braced her body for impact, ignoring the pressing urge in her bladder, a fatal mistake. THUD! The chairs clashed to the ground, and suddenly there was silence, save for a faint hissing sound.

Carly and Freddy looked over to see Sam, with a defeated expression on her face, releasing jets of urine straight through her dampened panties, running down the side of her legs, and creating a yellowish puddle on the floor. Sam's face turned bright red as the hissing continued, the puddle collecting around her prostrate body and extending toward Freddy, who hastily moved to avoid it. The light blue color of Sam's jeans instantly turned darker and darker as more and more liquid was absorbed, and the faint smell of ammonium was released into the air. Carly looked over with an expression of mortification and pity as she saw her best friend involuntarily release her bodily fluids into the ever-growing puddle. Suddenly, the hissing sound ceased, and the iCarly crew was silent. The only noise that could be heard was Spencer's voice from outside the apartment door, and the sound of a key turning in the lock...

END

So if you guys have any comments or requests, feel free to let them be known on this thread! I'm interested in doing a Carly desperation scene, given some plot ideas, and I'm not turned off by the idea of anyone messing in a different way.

*014*2016-07-13 00:04

Hi everyone, I definitely remember writing a second part, but I can't remember if it was attached to this story or in a separate post. My post history doesn't turn anything up. I didn't delete it though, perhaps a moderator moved it?

