The Desperate Deliveroo Driver

Author: pleasehurry

*000*2021-01-02 17:09

I just posted on Reddit but will also do so on here. This is my first fiction.

Mandip was a 21 year old who worked for Deliveroo for two reasons. Firstly, it helped her earn some money on the side of studying for her degree. Secondly, cycling round london helped her keep fit and in shape. It was an ideal job that Mandip normally loved...though today was proving to be an exception.

Cycling round London at a slightly faster pace than usual Mandip was extra busy with deliveries. The latest lockdown meant Londoners were more keen than ever to order online, and the increased demand meant Mandip had been cycling virtually non-stop for close to 3 hours. This wouldn't normally be a problem, but today Mandip had a slight predicament. The coke she had downed before she started her shift had quickly filled her bladder and Mandip was now starting to need to pee. As she cycled around Kensington, Mandip tried to distract herself from the growing pressure in her bladder, pleased that she didn't have that many more orders to deliver before home.

Half an hour later and stopping at what felt like the 100th consecutive red light Mandip stopped and took stock. Sitting still she realised just how uncomfortable her bladder felt, and cycling past a supermarket Mandip decided to do something she has never done since starting Deliveroo a year ago...stop for a rest break. Whilst this would slow down her shift, Mandip didn't really have much of a choice if she was avoid becoming desperate.

Locking her bike to the Morrisons bike rack, Mandip hurriedly jumped off her bike and headed for the customer toilets. Now standing, her need had intensified by quite a margin - whilst not quite bursting, Mandip was walking at a fast pace, not only because this detour was slowing down her remaining deliveries but she was feeling a great anticipation in finally getting over a toilet to relieve herself.

As Mandip reached into her pocket to get her mask out to enter the store her stomach dropped. "Where is it?" - as Mandip's thoughts raced she realised it must have fallen out of her pocket. In a slight twinge of panic Mandip crossed her legs - she was so certain she was about to have an opportunity to empty her uncomfortably full bladder. Collecting her thoughts Madip considered just going inside without wearing her mask, but she was conscious of the fact that she wasn't exempt from the rules and nor *that* desperate just yet. No, she would finish her final few deliveries and then race home.

Another 30 minutes had passed and Mandip had finished her final delivery. Whilst this should have been great news, Mandip's need to pee had increased significantly. In fact, whilst she was sure she had been more desperate before, Mandip couldn't recall a time where she had to use the toilet this urgently. Worse yet, there was still a 20 minute cycle home. Mandip wasn't particularly worried about loosing control in that time but her bladder was now seriously demanding relief and she was struggling to think of anything else but her rapidly increasing need to piss.

Cycling at break neck speed, Mandip was still quite a way from home and growing increasingly concerned. Cycling over a unseen pothole had truly tested her capacity to keep her stressed bladder under control. Underneath her short skirt Mandip's pink knickers were in serious danger of become translucent. Worse still the pothole had caused some serious damage to Mandip's bike. As she drew to a stop, it was clear that a puncture had hit the back wheel.

Mandip couldn't believe her bad luck, hopping off her bike she inspected the damage and saw the massive rip in her now flattened rear tire. Now in a panic, Mandip crossed her legs tight as a shuddering wave of desperation hit her. Here Mandip was stuck in central London with a broken bike and her 22 year old body struggled against the ocean of pee trying to escape her tired bladder. There was no doubt that Mandip was approaching a point where she was more desperate to pee than ever before with nowhere to go.

End of part 1

If you liked this story please comment below some aspects you liked/would like to see in part 2. Hope you enjoyed.

*003*2021-01-05 13:54

Part 2 is below - the length of the story may not be to everyone's taste but I feel the build up is important to reach a believable climax.

Locking her bike to a nearby lamppost, Mandip was certain she was making the right decision. Even though she was perfectly capable in changing a bike tire, that was a job that she simply didn't have time for right now. Over two hours since the first sign of her fiilling bladder became clear, Mandip had to prioritise finding a toilet. In fact her need had become so severe, Mandip was prepared to leave her bike behind in order to walk faster in her quest to find one. Cursing, Mandip wished she had peed an hour ago at Morrisons, and as another massive shudder of desperation caused her whole body to tense, the thought of being over a toilet was now something Mandip was transfixed on

Google maps open, Mandip searched for the nearest supermarket. The thought of lasting the 40 minute walk home was unbearable, and Mandip prayed Google was going to highlight somewhere closer she could relieve herself. As the search loaded, Mandip was unable to stay still. Swaying her toned legs was the only way in which the downward pressure on her aching bladder was made somewhat bearable. In fact, to the parsers by that saw Mandip wide eyed and rocking on heels it was only too obvious that she was needing to pee.

15 minutes. A Tesco petrol station. Mandip felt overjoyed at the news that her smartphone was informing her of. Setting off immediately, Mandip reassured herself that she could wait that long. "Just 15 more minutes, just 15 more minutes, just 15 more minutes" she recited in her head. Tapping her hand against her thigh and drawing sharp breath, Mandip set off at a fast pace to find the loo her body so badly required.

10 minutes later and Mandip's situation was becoming frantic. Unlocking her phone, Mandip realised her hands were now noticeably shaking as her body struggled with the degree of desperation she was enduring. Practically running across the road towards the now visible petrol station, it was safe to say Mandip was overjoyed for the opportunity to end this torment. There was no doubt about it, Mandip had never had to piss this badly - not even the time she got stuck in traffic on the M25 with her then boss driving. Shuddering at the recall of that memory, Mandip hurried to the door of the petrol station.

THIS TESCO PETROL STATION HAS HAD TO CLOSE EARLY DUE TO AN OUTBREAK OF COVID AMONGST STAFF. WE APOLOGISE FOR ANY INCONVENIENCE CAUSED.

Mandip could have screamed. She cradled her bladder which was now protruding outwardly above her tight skirt. Pacing on the spot, Mandip's toned body contorted as her eyes saw the sign indoors for the customer toilets. "So near, yet so far". As tears of frustration welled in her eyes, Mandip did something she had not done since she was much younger. As another massive wave of desperation hit, both hands instinctively shoved up her skirt and Mandip applied some much needed pressure to her exhausted pussy, which was now in a constant strain to keep her ballooning bladder at bay. Cheeks red with embarrassment, Mandip could at least confirm that her skimpy pink knickers were dry....for now at least.

Checking her phone, Mandip was in for another shock. With the unexpected length of her shift her phone had just ran out of battery. Pulling her thoughts away from her excruciating need to pee, Mandip realised she had no idea where she was in London and now had no way in which Google could help her out. Lost and absolutely bursting, for the first time Mandip considered the possibility that she might soak her knickers in an uncontrollable accident

End of part 2

*004*2021-01-10 00:14

Trying to restore some much needed composure to the dire situation Mandip found herself was proving difficult. She was almost willing to squat somewhere and gift her aching bladder the relief it was demanding. But, Mandip had never done so before, the few times she had been desperate prior to today had always ended with her reaching a toilet, even if in some cases it was mightily close. Realistically if Mandip was anywhere other than central and busy London she would have already found an alley to relieve herself in, but the prospect of doing so here and almost certainly revealing her naked ass to someone was just too mortifying. Make no mistake though, as Mandip hurried though the unfamiliar streets of London the possibility of squatting and releasing a hard torrent of pee against the Capital's pavements was a concept that was become more and more appealing, particularly as Mandip's level of desperation was still increasing.

In a fluster, Mandip didn't really know where she was heading. Beads of sweat had formed on her forehead as she rapidly searched the London streets for a toilet where she could end her torment. Constant waves of pressure were now hitting her exhausted pussy, which Mandip tried to strain further, forcing her tired sphincters to contract. How can my need to piss still be getting worse, Mandip thought to herself. Instinctively undoing the top button of her tight skirt, Mandip gasped at the momentary relief this provided. Clothing no longer pressed tight against her overfull bladder, Mandip also grabbed the waistband of her knickers and pulled them up tightly. The increased pressure this action provided against her peehole was pure bliss, as Mandip gave herself yet another hard wedgie.

As Mandip hurried along the pavement, the pink bow on the top of her knickers was on show to all passers by, who were confused as to why someone would walk along these busy streets with their skirt partly undone. 15 more minutes had passed since Mandip had left the petrol station and the level of desperation the 22 year old was enduring was immense. As the biggest shudder of desperation yet hit her body, Mandip considered the pleasure that would be gained by just letting go - and in that moment her tired muscles almost gave way before doubling up and plugging her tortured bladder once more. Mandip stopped in her tracks and double crossed her legs, certain that she was beginning to loose her battle. Almost every other person who would be unfortunate enough to find themselves in this situation would have either squatted somewhere by now or risk wet themselves.

"Please please, do you know where a toilet is - I have to find one?"

Mandip found herself instinctively asking a passer by, the strain in her voice obvious. Glowing with embarrassment Mandip couldn't believe she had admitted she was bursting for a wee to a complete stranger, who simply replied "no sorry love"

Five minutes later and Mandip was in a complete daze. As she walked up a back street of London, Mandip had stopped trying to find a loo and was now just fixed on trying to find somewhere discrete to squat. Feeling her hold weaken, Mandip was certain she was beginning to leak, causing her to stop, hike up her skirt and hold herself tightly. Knickers now fully on show, Mandip turned around to check if anyone was behind her. Thankfully there wasn't and without thinking Mandip pulled her pink panties to one side, and revealed her exhausted pussy in public for the first time in her life. Mandip's eyes rolled as a fat jet of clear piss erupted from her with no warning. Pee left her tired body with such a staggering force it splashed back against the pavement and hit Mandip's peachy ass. She was hissing so loudly, that as Mandip opened her eyes to view London she was certain that the whole capital was able to hear her relief.

Just 10 seconds into what was surely going to be longest wee of her life, Mandip spotted someone walking along the street towards her from another direction. Heart in mouth, Mandip desperately tried to stem her piss stream which was just reaching full flow, and cover her exposed pussy before this stranger could see. This was an almost impossible task, and as Mandip stood back up she realised she hadn't managed to stop her flow in time and her knickers were now drenched. In fact, unknown to Mandip, as she was hurrying to recover herself, the stranger had seen Mandip's pink knickers darken and turn translucent, revealing a dark mound of shaved pubes.

Mortified, Mandip hurried away from the puddle she had left on the street. Bladder still protruding out from the top of her skirt, Mandip quickly realised that this momentary squat had barely made a dent in the pressing task of emptying her bladder. With her body now teased with relief, it was crying out for more. Still beyond desperate, Mandip made her way back to the busy streets of London.

End of part 3

*005*2021-01-12 00:08

Hurrying down the hill, Mandip felt mortified. She couldn't believe she had squatted as she had in public, let alone run the risk of having a stranger see her exposed naked body. Urgh, and her cute knickers under her short skirt were now soaked in her own wee, as Mandip felt another drop of urine leave her saturated cotton panties and run down the back of her leg. Mandip's body was still demanding relief, her bladder unsure as to why it was permitted to begin emptying before abruptly stopping just as the floodworks were about to fully open.

Nevertheless, even within the short few seconds in which Mandip had been able to let go, a surprisingly large quantity of wee had erupted from her body. Whilst this hadn't helped end Mandip's desperation, it had bought her some much needed time. Not much, but enough for composure and clarity to return to her exhausted body. Free from the frenzy panic Mandip found herself in a few moments ago, she was able to clear her thoughts and focus on the task at hand. She just had to find a loo, or another quiet alley to fully relieve herself in soon. Her luck surely couldn't get any worse.

10 minutes later and with Mandip's need to piss growing once more, she stumbled across a road she recognised. No longer lost, Mandip felt a wave of confidence wash over her body. Just knowing the area of London she was in was reassuring for the 22 year old. In fact, if she was correct in her thinking just round the corner was Holland Park, an underground tube station that was just 3 stops and around 7 minutes from Mandip's home. Sure enough, just seconds later, Mandip was standing at the entrance to the tube station she had used hundreds of times before.

Considering the decision to descend below the streets of London, Mandip weighed up the fact that the opportunity to squat in an alley was about to vanish. Nervously looking round with a slight curtsy of desperation in her legs, Mandip noted how busy the surrounding streets were. Not wanting a repeat of her earlier embarrassment, Mandip decided she would wait until the comfort of her own bathroom to relieve her now numb bladder. After all it was just a seven minute journey and a short walk to her front door. Mandip's body shuddered with the knowledge that in approximately 10 minutes she would be releasing an ocean of pent up piss in the comfort of her own studio ensuite, almost certainly moaning with relief as she did so.

5 minutes later, and after an uncomfortable escalator ride down to her tube station, Mandip had boarded a train. Better still she had found a seat in which she could sit and take the weight off her bladder. Mandip had forgotten just how much sitting down helped when she was feeling desperate to pee. Grinding her tiring pee hole against the tube seat and with double crossed legs, Mandip was now hurtling towards her home. For the first time in about two hours, Mandip felt almost happy as the concern of fully wetting herself had liifted. There was no doubt now in Mandip's mind that she would make it home.

.......

BREAKING NEWS: SEVERE TRAVEL DISRUPTION EXPECTED ACROSS LONDON AS CITIZENS RACE TO LEAVE THE CAPITAL FOR CHRISTMAS AS NEW TIER 4 RESTRICTIONS ANNOUNCED FROM MIDNIGHT TONIGHT BY THE PM

........

Deep underground, this information was unknown to Mandip who had now been stuck in this tube carriage for well over forty minutes due to signalling issues at the station she was due to get off at. Head buried in her hands, Mandip tried to hide the tears that were welling up in her eyes. Her legs had been unable to stop shaking for the last 10 minutes and Mandip uncrossed and recrossed them for the hundredth time. Mandip's severe degree of desperation had surpassed the level she had experienced earlier when she had squatted on the streets of London. Wiggling furiously on her seat, Mandip felt yet another hissing spurt soak her knickers as her now exhausted pussy was unable to remain in control. Oh if only she hadn't boarded this tube.

If she was literally anywhere but here, Mandip would have squatted to finally empty her screaming bladder. In this state, it wouldn't matter if the whole world would see her tiny unshaved pussy in order to relieve herself, just as long as she could end this torment. Mandip would have even considered squatting in the corner of this packed tube carriage if it wasn't for the two British Transport Police officers that had boarded the train in response to the commuter chaos and were now sitting opposite her.

Now resigned to rapidly fanning her legs apart and together again, Mandip was in a dire situation. Everyone around her had noticed her predicament, as any form of subtlety had long since left Mandip's holding techniques. Stood stationary with nowhere to go, another much longer jet of hot pee drenched Mandip's now completely see through knickers and as her body trembled to bring this latest leak to a halt, Mandip resigned herself to the fact she was minutes away from fully wetting herself in front of everyone

That was until an idea crept into her head. Mandip had packed a coffee into a thermal flask that morning, which was still sitting in her rucksack. Yes yes, Mandip gasped, quickly undoing her bag and pulling the vessel out. Sure, pissing into a flask on a busy tube wasn't exactly something Mandip thought she would have to do when she got up that morning, but it seemed a much more discrete solution than the alternative. Heck, she could even work her way to a corner and subtlety place the flask up her skirt before letting go, so that barely anyone would notice.

There was just one issue however, the flask was still full of coffee. Mandip would have just chucked it over the floor if it wasn't for two reasons. Firstly, she was all to aware of the gaze of the police officers sitting opposite. But secondly, and more importantly, Mandip was keen to avoid drawing attention to herself just before her plan to let loose in the flask. Furthermore, drinking the coffee would have little consequence after Mandip had finally relieved herself.

Downing the 500ml of coffee as fast as her body would allow, Mandip immediately rose to her feet and dashed to the corner of the tube where it was less busy. The anticipation for relief was so monumental, that on her walk to the corner Mandip's hand had already reached up her skirt and pulled her sopping wet knickers to one side, setting her squirming pussy free for the second time today, although this time concealed under her black skirt which hid the sizeable wet patch on around her ass surprisingly well. Shaking, Mandip placed the metal flask under her skirt and reached up until she could feel it covering her contorting pee hole. Just as her pussy was about to erupt, Mandip felt a tap on her shoulder.

It was the transport officer who firmly asked Mandip to move along now they had reached a station. Looking out the window, Mandip also realised she had arrived at her destination, a progression she must have missed during her frantic daze to the corner of the carriage. Snapping her knickers back over her pussy, Mandip hurried off the train, too embarrassed to say anything in reply the the officer.

As Mandip found herself on the platform edge of Lancaster Gate station she couldn't help but violently pee dance on the spot in a deep panic. Unknown to Mandip, but her body was now filtering a significant amount of diuretic coffee into her bladder which was already at max capacity. Mandip began to run over to the customer toilets which she had passed several times during her life. As another audible hiss of pee forced it's way down Mandip's legs, she knew she had but minutes to get over a toilet.

End of Part 4

Final part coming soon

*009*2021-01-18 15:34

It may not be surprising to learn that Mandip wasn't the only member of public who had been experiencing a growing degree of desperation whilst stuck on the stationary tube in the London Underground. Two carriages down from Mandip, Alice, a 30 year old blonde with multiple tattoos and piercings had been getting somewhat frustrated at the continual travel delays. When Alice had boarded the train 50 minutes ago on the outskirts of London she hadn't needed to use the loo whatsoever. However, the multiple coffees drank during her late afternoon meeting had quickly changed her situation. Huffing her cheeks once more and tapping the floor semi-regularly with her red canvas shoes, Alice was pleased to be pulling into her destination at Lancaster Gate. Sure, her need to wee was nowhere near reaching desperate, being several orders of magnitude less than poor Mandip, but Alice knew a trip to the station loos was in order - particularly as her new boyfriend Simon was due to pick her up soon.

In unfamiliar surroundings Alice quicky scanned the station for the customer toilets she wished to use. Finding a sign for them, Alice headed without delay towards them. Picking up the pace in her blue dungarees and square glasses, Alice was shocked at how quickly the coffee she had drank was beginning to fill her bladder. There was no doubt that Alice was looking forward to sitting down and having her first wee since lunchtime. Now almost outside the customer toilet, Alice noticed a distraught younger women run up to her. Panic etched all over their face, Alice quicky realised what was wrong.

......

As Mandip reached the customer toilets in a fixed state of desperation, she felt another streak of hot wee leave her poor body and run down her inside leg. Knickers now saturated, they were providing absolutely no containment to the wee now permanently leaking out of her hairy pussy. Seconds away from unleashing the most unimaginably large torrent of piss you could imagine, Mandip took one last squeeze as she entered the customer toilets.

There was one final obstacle left in the way for Mandip. As many of you may know, London's public toilets often require a monetary fee to use. And such was Mandip's terrible luck today that she didn't have the correct change. Fumbling through her purse, tears of pure torment were now running down the cheeks of her tortured body. Giving up, Mandip found herself undoing her skirt and pressing both hands tightly against her pee hole and bounced uncontrollably on the spot. Mandip begged the nearest person to her, an older blonde women wearing dungarees, if she could use her change. Feeling a great deal of sympathy, the stranger agreed, leaving Mandip to make a final dash to the toilet.

Leaving a trail of leaking urine behind her, Mandip had continued to walk with both hands jammed in her crotch. Now audible, Mandip couldn't help but shout "hurry hurry hurry" as she raced into the open cubicle in front of her. Not even bothering to close the door behind her, piss was leaking through Mandip's shaking fingers, snaking out of her pink thong and tumbling to the floor beneath. Fumbling, Mandip, finally yanked her drenched translucent knickers to one side. Body barely over the porcelain bowl a powerful ocean of wee thrashed out of her. Gasping loudly, Mandip hadn't even bothered to sit down.

"Yes, yes, fuck yes". Knees weak,, a fat jet of piss was now erupting out of the 22 year old. Such was the size of the waterfall leaving Mandip's body, that it splattered over the toilet seat and floor in a continual blast. Mandip's exhausted pussy was on show to everyone who was entering the cubicles but she hardly cared. Looking down to begin inspecting the damage caused by her ordeal, Mandip was shocked at the power of wee shuddering out of her. Despite fully wetting her knickers and drenching her tight skirt there was still so much piss leaving Mandip's body and noisily hitting the toilet bowl. It wasn't until 2 minutes later that Mandip's desperate pee had began to subside and she managed to stop moaning with relief. How the 22 year old had become that bursting for a wee was almost unbelievable, but Mandip was certain that she would never become that desperate again.

10 minutes later, Mandip had let herself into her flat. Immediately stripping out of her spoiled clothes, she strolled once more into her ensuite toilet. The curves of her naked body visible in the mirror opposite, Mandip found herself empying her exhausted bladder once more. Her naked body warm with relief, waves of pleasure began to rise within her. Replaying the pure bliss that her body had felt as she raced into the station loo, Mandip's pupils widened and cheeks reddened. As her heart rate quickened, Mandip slowly opened her legs wide. Her hands couldn't help but crawl through her damp mound of pubes. Sat on the toilet, Mandip sighed loudly as she began to circle her enlarged clit.

....

As Alice's boyfriend rang to say he was at the station, the 30 year old made her way to his car that had just pulled up outside. Still in a state of shock, Alice couldn't believe the state of desperation she had witnessed earlier by the younger women. Slightly annoyed at her denied opportunity to pee, Alice couldn't really begrudge giving her money to the poor stranger. Alice just couldn't get her head around how a fully grown adult would let themselves get into such a predicament, and worse yet have to physically hold themselves to prevent a full blown accident. Alice entered her boyfriend's car and thought about how she would never find herself in such a childlike situation.

End of this story - hopefully you enjoyed. Any feedback appreciated

And introducing 'Alices' Surprise Date', which will be my next story and a direct continuation of this one

*011*2021-01-27 11:22

Thanks! I posted in r/PeeDesperation

