The Evidence of the SOS Brigade

Author: SashaButters

*000*2016-07-13 23:16

Kyon let out a sigh as the palm of his hand covered his face to hide his annoyance. He knew voicing his opinion wasn’t going to do him any good; his protests would go unheard, like always. She had selective hearing like that. The she in question was Suzumiya Haruhi, the bane of his existence. Once she had that look in her eyes there was no stopping her, and that look told him one thing: he was about to lose his weekend.

Why? Why did nobody stop her? He looked across the room towards the purple haired girl who currently had her nose pressed in a book seemingly oblivious or uncaring to Haruhi’s antics. To his left sat the redhead with the perpetual blush having been forced into a bunny costume by Haruhi moments ago for unknown reasons. To his right was Koizumi, who seemed more than willing to go along with her plans. He would be no help.

“That sounds like a great idea,” Koizumi said, hammering in Kyon’s fate. He flashed Kyon a smile to remind him of just what would happen if he didn’t go along with it. Kyon sighed again, as his hopes of lounging around the house tomorrow were dashed.

“Then it’s settled!” Haruhi exclaimed, clapping her hands together with finality. “We’re going to go hunt for evidence of UFO’S tomorrow in the woods!”

This was the purpose of the SOS Brigade he had been forced into by their president and oh-so-fearless- leader Haruhi. Their mission was to find proof of espers, extra terrestrial life, time travelers, or anything else unusual. But the funny thing was, unknown to Haruhi, sitting in this very room, was all the things she had desired. Yuki Nagato, the quiet bookworm, was an alien sent to observe Haruhi. Koizumi was an esper. Bunny girl Asahina--the time traveler. And worst of all, unknown to Haruhi, was Haruhi herself, with the ability to play God and create and destroy worlds at will. This was the true purpose of the SOS Brigade—keeping Suzumiya Haruhi entertained. And that was how Kyon, Yuki, Haruhi, Asahina, and Koizumi ended up lost in the woods on Saturday.

She had split them off into teams. Kyon was with Koizumi and Haruhi had taken Asahina-- once again dressed as a bunny for unknown reasons-- and Nagato. That had been three hours ago. It felt like he and Koizumi had been wandering around in circles the entire time. Kyon was getting agitated but Koizumi seemed as relaxed as always.

“Enjoy the day!” Koizumi said.

“What exactly are we doing out here anyway?” Kyon asked. He was hot, tired, sweaty, and miserable. He swatted away a few gnats that encircled him. “She’s going to be mad if he don’t have anything to report.” In his bag sat an unused camera to take photographic evidence of whatever they found.

“Then just take pictures of nature and say there was something there but it didn’t show up on film.” Koizumi suggested with a shrug.

“Isn’t it supposed to be the other way around?” Kyon said. He relented and reached into his bag for the camera. He pulled it out and set his sights on the tree line and snapped a few pictures. He had his finger pressed on the shutter, camera aimed at a line of bushes when he heard a high- pitched scream. Out from behind the bushes came a streaking and squealing Asahina, face as red as a cherry tomato.

Kyon and Koizumi froze in place wide eyed as the white and red blur shot passed them. “Does that count as something unusual?” Kyon asked after a few seconds of silence.

###

Asahina shuffled behind Haruhi and Nagato. How long had they been walking around in the forest for? The tight costume was now nearly suffocating in the hot and humid climate. Why had Haruhi made her wear it here of all places? This wasn’t a hiking outfit by any means.

“To attract aliens of course!” Haruhi had explained earlier. “If they see a giant bunny girl walking around they’ll be curious and come investigate!”

Asahina sighed and fanned herself as Haruhi’s talk of extra terrestrial life and how to find it went in one ear and out the other. She was far ahead of them now, lost in her own world as she pointed to broken sticks on the ground. Nagato had slowed considerably until she was matching Asahina step for step.

“Is something the matter?” Asahina asked.

“There is about to be an alteration.” Yuki Nagato said softly.

“What kind of alteration?”

“That has yet to be determined.” Yuki Nagato said, her voice flat and emotionless. “Time until alteration is two minutes and 36 seconds.”

Asahina looked up to find Haruhi frozen in place a dozen yards ahead of them, before beginning to squirm.

“Everything alright, Miss Suzumiya?” Asahina asked.

Haruhi stopped walking and turned to face them. Asahina picked up that she seemed anxious about something.

“I need to stop and pee.” Haruhi announced unabashed. “Anyone else?”

Asahina shook her head. “It would be too difficult in this outfit. I don’t like park bathrooms anyway.”

“Search for bathroom was inconclusive.” said Nagato.

Haruhi shrugged and stepped off the trail. “Follow me if you change your mind.”

“Alteration in 10, 9, 8,7…” Nagato said. …”Alteration complete.”

Asahina let out a whimper and bent over. Why? Why so suddenly did she have to pee?

“I must empty myself.” Nagato said, “I will follow Suzumiya. My findings concluded she did not want to go alone. Reasons why are inconclusive. ”

“M-miss Haruhi! Wait for us!”

They chased after her until they saw her eying a clearing. Asahina squirmed as she looked around. There were no bathrooms in sight. In fact she hadn’t seen one since they hit the entrance of the park they had left behind several hours ago.

“Oh? You changed your minds?” Haruhi asked.

Asahina nodded and squirmed. “W-where are the bathrooms?”

“Huh? There aren’t any.”

“Th-then where do I. . .?” She started to ask.

Haruhi motioned with her hand to the clearing. “Anywhere here should be fine.” She said as she stopped in front of a tree and began to reach up under her skirt. “And don’t you dare get that costume dirty!”

“I have failed to gather data on ways to relieve myself without a toilet.” Nagato said.

“Seriously? You don’t know how to pee in the woods?” Haruhi asked. “Fine, just copy what I do. Stand in front of that tree.”

Nagato silently obeyed and stood in place by the tree next to Haruhi “I fail to see how standing in front of a tree will help.” She stated.

Haruhi ignored her and began to disrobe while vocalizing the steps. “Reach under your skirt and pull your underwear down. Now squat a few inches above the ground and move your skirt out of the way and that’s all there is to it.” She said. Haruhi relaxed and stared ahead into the distance as she began to relieve herself as liquid pitter pattered underneath her onto the dead foliage. Peeing outside in a group was definitely more interesting than peeing by herself, she thought.

“What now?” Nagato asked. Haruhi looked over at her and noticed she wasn’t going.

“You can pee now. Isn’t that obvious?”

“Oh. I see.” Nagato said. “This is not a toilet.”

“It’s fine, just pretend it is.”

“Noted. Evacuation has begun.”

Haruhi returned her gaze ahead and continued to zone out while she finished, until she looked up over the squirming red head in obvious distress. Asahina let out a low moan and bent at the waist. The red head wasn’t sure what to do. She wasn’t wearing a skirt, and even if she had been she couldn’t just brazenly pee in front of the other like Haruhi.

“Take the costume off.” Haruhi instructed as she finished, stood and began redressing herself.

“Out here? But I’m not wearing anything under it!” The red head complained.

“That’s the point.” Haruhi said coming closer and closer. After a struggle, the costume had been stripped away leaving the red head shivering with embarrassment and trying to cover herself. It was just like in the clubroom! “There! Now once you pee we can go back and search.”

“Uhh, uhh, right here?” Asahina asked horrified, looking for some kind of cover.

“Yes, right here. C’mon, we don’t have all day!” Haruhi said, becoming impatient.

“I-I can’t!” She pleaded.

“Sure you can! Look, you’re already squirming. Either spread your legs or squat down or else you’re just going to leak on yourself and then you’ll get the costume dirty if you put it back on.”

“I-I don’t have to go that bad. I can wait until later.” Asahina lied as she backed herself into a tree.

“My calculations predict you only have 45 seconds until you start leaking.” Nagato said.

“See? Nagato’s never wrong. I’m not letting you wear the costume if you make a mess on yourself. There’s nothing to be embarrassed about!” Haruhi insisted, standing only a few feet away and watching. “You’re already against a tree, all you have to do is move your legs. You don’t have to keep holding it in!” A smirk grew on Haruhi’s face. “Won’t it feel so good to finally let go?”

Asahina whimpered. Her body begged her for release as if it had been full for several hours instead of only a few minutes. This was Haruhi’s power to alter the universe around her. She wanted her to have to pee here in front of her, and so it had happened. She just didn’t know she had such a power. It wasn’t her fault. She didn’t do it on purpose, but it was clear Haruhi was amused by the situation.

“No, please don’t make me!” Asahina squeaked. It was going to come out any second, with or without an audience. Her body realized this and began to move her legs aside without her realizing it.

“That’s it! Now all you have to do is… Let. Go.”

Asahina let out another whimper as a small stream escaped and trickled between her slightly spread legs before she clamped shut.

“C’mon, Asahina, don’t stop. It’s not good to hold it in. Just do it and get it over with. It’ll be faster if you squat down.”

She didn’t have a choice. She knew it. Her bladder ached with every movement she made. She winced as she closed her eyes and hovered over the sticks and leaves as her body gave up. She whimpered and covered her face with her hands as the splattering sound of liquid falling into the earth echoed.

When she had finished an awkward silence filled the air. She let out a whimper and-driven by the sheer embarrassment of the situation—did the first thing that came to mind. She took off running.

“Asahina! Your clothes!” Haruhi called out after her, but remained in place. “She’ll be back.”

“The others are here.” Nagato said, pointing to the two stunned boys on the other side of the hedge Asahina had run through.

Once they had re-grouped minus the streaking red head, Haruhi demanded to see their cameras. Kyon handed his over without a word.

“Trash. Trash. Trash. C’mon, what were you doing all day? Didn’t you get anything- Oh! This is great!” She said shocking Kyon. He looked over to see what she was looking at. His face turned red as he stared at the picture of a white blur speeding past. “It’s not an alien, but it’s almost just as good! You actually got a ghostly apparition on film! I’m impressed with you, Kyon, you’ve finally done something useful! As soon as we get back I’m putting this on our website!”

Kyon sighed. He just didn’t have it in him to tell her the “ghostly apparition” was a picture of Asahina’s bare ass streaking through the forest he had accidently taken a picture of.

*004*2016-07-15 01:21

Thanks ^^ I barely know it too. I've owed a Haruhi fic to Justice for a looong time haha

I wrote another Sphere one shot a week ago. And then I did a series last month called the corn field maze.

*006*2016-07-15 06:34

{{4 minutes ago, AD51 said:

I really enjoyed this story, for obvious reasons.

}}

I can't imagine why XD

*008*2016-07-19 18:23

{{37 minutes ago, Dynamic said:

When does this take place? I gather sometime in the first season, probably relatively close to when the SOS Brigade was first formed. My only major criticism is that Yuki is talking way too much. In the show she's absolutely minimalist, most of the time not even answering direct questions. Also, she has the ability to alter the fabric of reality, so... I don't really seeing her getting into that kind of predicament.

Asahina-san, though... yeah, I can see that.

Really, though, this version of Haruhi must be some kind of pervert to wish for that to happen. I'd be interested in knowing why she would desire that...

}}

Ah, I see. i'm not familiar with the show to be honest. I've seen the movie while half asleep, but that's about it. This was a commission, so it's not going to be spot on like if I wrote about a show I'm familiar with.

Not a pervert, she didn't do it for sexual reasons. I think she would just find it more mildly interesting if everyone was in the same boat. More like a passing thought like the interest you have in "oh cool, I got two fortune cookies instead of one" That, and she just enjoys embarrassing Asahina.

*013*2016-07-20 21:28

{{2 hours ago, Justice said:

Oh no, my commission caused an uproar over Haruhi >_>

}}

Yeah, Justice, look what you've done XD JK Still nothing compared to the great Sakura story brawl of '15 XD Good times XD

*019*2016-07-20 22:45

{{58 minutes ago, MaverickJsmith said:

Also, unless I missed something, where is this "commission"?

}}

This story right here. I owed him for donating to my Patreon.

{{56 minutes ago, Justice said:

Hm? Oh, well, I guess it's time for Sasha to sellout (nudge-nudge)

}}

Hahahah *shakes tin can while hunched over in cardboard box*

Not letting me link to my patreon account >.> Basically I do story comissions. $10 per 1500 words. I'll try to research what the person likes eg. Haruhi, but it's not always going to be spot on if i'm not super familiar or devoted fan. Most usually just want the image of their character peeing rather than super exact personality matches. I try my best to get as close as possible, but devoted fans can probably tell.

*022*2016-07-22 17:56

{{37 minutes ago, KozmoFox said:

Also neat story Sasha! I much enjoyed it, you've got a knack for this sort of thing. I've also never thought of writing commissions before. I mean it makes perfect sense, but for whatever reason, it never actually occurred to me. As a writer myself, I'm now definitely thinking of doing something like that!

}}

Yeah, go for it! There's a few people on here that do story commissions, which works out pretty well. We all have our own style and specialty. Harley's (I think she changed her username) does a lot of action movies and is also willing to do male wettings. She just doesn't do diapers. I'm willing to do diapers, but I don't do male wettings. Everyone sort of fills in the gap the other leaves.

*024*2016-07-22 18:56

{{29 minutes ago, Kirito said:

When we start accusing people of libel for insulting our waifu's it's a good sign that things have gotten a little out of hand.

}}

I just spit rice all over my laptop. Thanks, Kirito. XD

