Desperate Moments

Author: AD51

*000*2014-11-04 09:34

Even though I originally planned for this story to be a oneshot: https://omorashi.org/topic/23282-locked-out-after-school/ I felt like continuing it might be fun. So I decided to make a little series out of it that I hope to make for it.

It had been a couple of months after the incident. We became close friends and I found myself hanging out with Katie after school almost every day. Hard to believe that before then, we never even paid attention to the others existence. Anyway, we were getting on the bus, about to head home after the class field trip.

“Hey there.” She said, sitting next to me on the aisle side. “Why do you always sit by yourself? You’re always so quiet in class.”

“I’m just a little shy, that’s all. It’s not easy for me for to talk to people in large groups.” Once the bus was loaded up, we began our two hour journey back home. It was pretty quiet, as most of the students were tired from the tour of the world’s least interesting museum, at least that’s what I thought. Still, I enjoyed getting a chance to be with Katie on the trip to the museum. I don’t know why, but I’m starting to like spending more and more time with her.

“So what’d you think of the museum, I thought it was the most boring thing ever.”

“Same here. Are you feeling alright?” I asked because I knew she just broke up with her boyfriend a couple of days ago. She was so upset I had to comfort her all night then.

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“Well that situation you had with, you know, him.”

“It’s fine.” She suddenly cut me off. “I’m fine. I’m so over it.” I could tell in her voice she wasn’t. He meant a lot to her, she would always tell me about the things they did every time we hung out. I felt really bad about the whole thing, because I overheard some classmates saying that he left her because she spent too much time with me.

“Ok then.” I let the subject go and we sat in silence for a short while. Then about a half an hour into the trip I noticed she was fidgeting a little. I paid no mind at first, I thought she was simply being restless, I knew I was. It wasn’t until she put her hand in her crotch that I had to ask. “Are you ok?”

“I thought you were just going to let that go.”

“No I mean, like do you need.” I blushed when I realized how awkward I was sounding.

“Oh, a little. I didn’t get a chance to use the bathroom in the museum before we left.” She took a gulp from her water bottle so I thought she’d be fine. Aside from when we first met, I don’t believe I ever saw her desperate for a pee so I figured that our encounter was just chance. She was wearing tight jeans and a tee-shirt, Spring had just started though I thought it was still too cold for that type of outfit. She warmed up again and we chatted for another half hour until she suddenly became quiet. She was starting to hold herself steadily now.

“I didn’t think it was that bad” I laughed before she gave me a death stare. I stopped right away. “It’ll be ok right.”

“I hope. I shouldn’t have drank that bottle, I just did it so you wouldn’t think I needed to go that bad, but it made it a lot worse.” She looked around to make sure no one was looking and doubled over to get better control of herself. “How much longer?”

“I don’t know, maybe another 45 minutes.” I answered. She sighed and just sat still holding herself and we didn’t talk for some time. Eventually we saw a sigh that said we were about 15 minutes out from town.”

“Ok, you can do. You’re a big girl, you can hold it.” I heard her say under her breath. It looked like she was getting really bad, her leg was shaking and she had both hands holding it.

“Are you alright?” I asked quietly.

“I’m fine!” She responded almost loud enough for others on the bus to hear. The response made me back off from her. “Sorry, it’s just that you’ve been asking me that a lot.”

“It’s just because I care about you. I don’t mean to be too much.”

It fine, I’m just a little on edge. I really don’t think I can hold it much longer.” With ten minutes from the school she shouldn’t stop moving. When she leaned back to calm herself I could even see her bladder bulging from her jeans. It must have been tough to have it pressing on her bladder so tightly.

“Maybe you should unbutton your jeans, to take some pressure from your bladder.”

“What? I don’t know, you’ll see my underwear.”

“I think that’s better than having it make you pee yourself.” She pondered over it for a little and decided to unbutton her jeans. I could see her cute pink panties, again I tried not to look in respect for her situation.

“Thanks, that feels a lot better.” She was able to maintain control as we pulled up to the school, by now school had been over and our class were the only people there. As all of the students got up to leave, both Katie and I waited for a moment.

“Ok, I’ll go first so people don’t see you holding yourself.” She let me through and she buttoned herself back up, causing her to grimace at the sudden increase in pressure. We slowly got off and stood with the others as our teacher made sure everyone made it back. After that, she let all of us go. Since school had closed down, Katie couldn’t go in to use the bathroom. So we went straight to my car, I had recently got my license and I drove us to and from school every day.

“Please drive fast.” She begged me as she sat down.

“I’ll try, but I wouldn’t exactly like to lose my driving privilege so soon.” I got out of the parking lot, our homes were about 15 minutes away from the school. I looked over to her and I could see that she was really suffering from her full bladder. Even with her pants unbutton, it didn’t seem that the pressure didn’t relieve her. Both her hands were jammed tightly in her crotch, and she couldn’t stop moving at all. Then that’s when it happened.

“No please not now!” I heard her say. We were at a red light when I looked over her, tears running down her face. “Please, stop no I can’t hold it anymore.” I looked down and I saw a wet patch growing on her pants and her urine began to pool in the car seat. Her hands were no longer holding it as she buried her face in embarrassment. “Don’t look, this is so humiliating.” I could feel myself getting hard and when the light turned green I quickly drove home while we didn’t say anything. I parked my car in my driveway and she slowly got out. The car seat was soaked and so were her pants.

“It’s ok.” I said as I quickly ran around my car to give her a tight hug.

“No, it’s not ok. I just wet my pants like a child. I’m a 16 year old teen, we don’t do this.”

“It’s fine, everyone has accidents every once in a while.” She didn't stop crying as I held her, for whatever reason, even though this girl had one of the sexiest accidents I had ever seen, all I wanted to do was comfort her. Watching her lose control turned me on a lot, yet that’s not what I was thinking when I parked. “Let me help you get cleaned up, my parents aren’t home so you can wash up there so your parents don’t have to know.”

“Thanks.” She wiped her tears of her cheek and we walked into my house.

