Three Girls, One Back Seat

Author: kspeeguy84

*000*2012-01-04 10:18

Disclaimer: This story is completely fictional. The characters are made up from my own imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons is purely coincidental.

This story contains Female Desperation and Accidental Wetting.

###

Three Girls, One Back Seat

Eleven-year-old Abbey had been looking forward to this day for weeks. She was going on a long road trip with her aunt and uncle, and her cousins, Grace, who was eight years old and Nicole, who was sixteen. Abbey's parents had never taken her anywhere other than the occasional short trip to her grandparents' house. This trip would be different. They would be in the car for several days, sightseeing along the way, and sleeping in a hotel.

As you might expect, Abbey was very enthusiastic at the beginning of the car ride, looking out the window and pointing things out to the adults in the front seat, who acknowledged the girl's fascination with mundane things such as cows in a pasture with as much enthusiasm as they could manage. Much to their relief the children in the backseat grew tired and eventually settled down. Abbey continued to look out the window, and, hypnotized by the seeming repetitiveness of trees and other roadside scenery, started to drift off to sleep. Almost immediately she was jolted out of her sleepy state by her younger, more hyperactive cousin Grace.

“Mommy, I hafta pee!” The girl held her crotch for emphasis, even though her mother couldn't see.

Grace's mother looked at her husband in silent questioning. After a brief moment to consider their location he replied “Ten minutes, Gracie. Can you hold it that long?”

“I guess.” The youngest girl responded, fixing a pout on her face. She didn't like to wait.

Nicole rolled her eyes at this exchange, knowing full well that her younger sister had no concept of either time, or her own ability to control her bladder.

Naturally, ten minutes turned into twenty, then thirty, owing to both traffic and poor weather conditions. As time stretched on, sounds of an increasingly agitated young girl came from the back seat.

“Mommy!” Grace whined pitifully.

“Not much longer, sweetie, I promise.”

“I can't! I hafta go now!”

Nicole looked over at her and gave her a sympathetic look. Like all younger siblings Grace was very talented when it came to annoying her big sister, but Nicole had more than a few memories of being in the same predicament and she felt a little sorry for Grace. It didn't come as much of a surprise to Nicole when her sister's pained whines were eventually silenced by an involuntary gasp followed by an unmistakable hissing sound. Nicole did her best to pretend she didn't notice, playing with her phone in order to prevent herself from staring and embarrassing Grace further. Soon however, she felt someone lean against her ear.

“Grace peed her pants.” Abbey whispered as quietly as possible, though not quietly enough for such a small space. Grace heard her and blushed deeply.

“Sssh. She couldn't hold it.” Nicole whispered back in her cousin's ear, with slight admonishment in her tone.

Leaning forward to look past her cousin Nicole smiled sympathetically at Grace “Feel better?” She asked softly.

Grace shrugged, without looking directly at her sister. The normally talkative girl stayed quiet. In truth she was quite relieved, but she was also embarrassed and fearful that when her parents discovered what she'd done that she would be punished. Much to her dismay, Nicole didn't allow her even the smallest chance of hiding it. Unbuckling her seat belt briefly, the teenager leaned forward to get closer to her mother.

“Grace had an accident.”

To Be Continued...

*003*2012-01-04 20:04

Thanks for the replies guys. Much appreciated. Will try to to better on the visual imagery in the next part.

As for the title, yes. lol. What can I say? It was 3 AM and I suck at titles.

*007*2012-01-07 05:28

{{:

Is this going to become a regular story with chapters? I could see it doing so. I am watching... to see.

Good first try, but it does need a bit more description. Just keep writing and you will soon be getting better. It's not something done over night, but it also doesn't take a special skill either. Just keep writing, and the more you do, and the more you read, the better your stories will become.

}}

Yes, it will become a chapter story. At least two more. I keep changing my mind about where I want to take it. More soon, though.

