My first omorashi

Author: RobotRemote

*000*2011-03-29 16:17

Many characters pee themselves in this. characters incudes paper mario 2 cast

Koops just got a padlock for his shell today!

"I don't even think i can take it off myself!" he said to mario.

Ms. Mowz was curious, she asked "But what are you gonna do when you need the bathroom?"

Koops replied "Well, i have a key." Then Vivian came with some drinks. 10 of them.

Each one recovered 5HP and 5FP. everyone drank theirs, Koops and Ms. Mowz had two. then koops went for a walk.

Then he was overcome with the need to go pee. There was a bathroom in front of him but he dropped the key as he was running to the bathroom.

When he went in. he was looking for his key. he had lost it. "bad idea, bad idea, bad idea, BAD IDEA!!!" koops kept saying. then he just could'nt hold it for much longer, he knelt down and peed his shell. it was running down his legs and filling his shoes. then he started crying like a little child. then ms. mowz wanted to go. koops said "oh crap. the doors locked." Ms. Mowz smelt somat "I CAN SMELL PEE." Koops then peed even more "Ahh! thats nothing" Ms. Mowz then knew the situation. "HAVE YOU PEED YOURSELF KOOPS? Koops then peed so much pee came out from the bottom of the door. Ms Mowz was pissed off.

And then she said "YOUR AN ADULT NOW! WHATS WRONG WITH YOU?" then Ms. Mowz just remembered she needed to pee. then she said "i just can't hold it, any longer" and then she knelt down and peed herself it went in her shoes. then she started crying like a little child. Vivian just came and said "well thats what you get for having two drinks at once." then koops and ms mowz had the urge to pee. again. they held it for so long. there bladder exploded.

And they peed themselves like a waterfall. koops flooded the bathroom and nearly drowned. (got out of the window that broke by the flood" and ms. mowz flooded the field. vivian was mad. "Koops? You too? Your an Adult! You should know better." Ms. Mowz Giggled. Vivian then looked at Ms. Mowz. "And you! your the manager of lovely howz of badges! and you just went peed yourself? you should be ashamed of yourselfs." they were sad. then they went into the bathroom fixed the window. went and peed themselves and flooded the bathroom and drowned. THE END.

*002*2011-04-02 14:06

{{:

I don't get it, but it's funny, I'll give you that.

}}

Sorry. im new to omorashi

{{:

I don't get it, but it's funny, I'll give you that.

}}

Sorry. im new to omorashi...

Really though im still new.

