Megan's Sadistic Mother

Author: Ishigreensa

*020*2012-03-07 23:46

Chapter Five Part Three:

The movie Request

The next day seemed to go quite well. The four young ladies had a nice breakfast with Jennifer all in their undies after the two of them were changed, they sat at the kitchen table playing games most of the afternoon and catching up on gossip, and they nearly forgot all about the problems from the last stay there.

At the evening rolled around, Jennifer came into the kitchen with the intent to start making dinner. It was Sunday evening, so she was going to make her usual barbeque chicken, mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, green beans, and salad.

As Jennifer started getting things out, she turned to the girls. “Are you young ladies, or little children?” she asked.

“Young ladies,” Anna spoke up.

“Then would you mind helping me with the dinner?”

“Not at all—what do you want done?” Nicole asked blushing a little.

Soon, the four girls were peeling potatoes.

As they finished peeling the potatoes, Jennifer walked over to the table, and sat down with them for a moment. It was a very long oblong table with three chairs on each side. “If you girls want to watch one of those movies we picked up last night, then right after dinner, I want baths and diapers on the two that need them.”

The young ladies nodded in response.

“I’m going finish making the dinner, so why don’t you ladies either go in the living room and read or go upstairs to talk?”

Just as Jennifer had said, the time came to eat, then Megan used the private bath in her mom’s bedroom first while Nicole used the regular bathroom room for everyone to bathe. Next, Heidi and Anna had a bath, and then Nicole and Megan were put in diapers and were sitting in the living room on the floor. Heidi was sitting between Nicole and Megan, and Anna was stretched out on the sofa. Jennifer smiled as she saw the positions the young kids took, and she held up the three movies.

“The Spectre!” the girls called together. “We want to see the spectre!”

Jennifer read the back of the movie and frowned. She wasn’t sure the young teenagers should really be watching something like that, but she had gotten the movie and promised to let them watch one.

“This movie is a little bit heavy on the adult side,” she informed the kids.

“Yeah, but we are seventeen,” Anna reminded her. “We aren’t exactly little kids, and at seventeen, we can even get into R rated movies on our own.”

Jennifer smiled. “I guess. I just don’t want you kids having terrible nightmares from watching the movie.”

“We won’t!” Megan called. “We are not little babies, mom.”

Jennifer sighed and put the movie into the DVD machine. Then she sat closer to the fire place to read a book and to watch the girls’ reaction. She really didn’t like ghost stories anyway. But she did think she should be nearby just in case the girls were biting off more than they could chew.

Opening, the image on the television screen became dark and in white outlined and unfilled lettering, the word Spectre came across the screen. An old house came into view, a flash of lightning better illuminated the spooky old manor and three leaf-less trees around it. An owl gave a low hoot before flying off into the night, and some soft music played in the background while the Title credits played.

Megan could see this image quite clearly in her mind, and she wondered if the opening title image was some kind of hint. She giggled a bit as she looked on waiting for the stupid credits to end so that the movie would properly start.

A man and a child were driving to some unknown location, the girl of about twelve complaining avidly to her father.

“You are always dragging me half way across the country every six months because of some silly job. Can’t you just get me a sitter or something and call one place home? I’m tired of always leaving my friends behind because your business decides you have to go someplace for just a couple of months at most all the time.”

Heidi was not laying in front of the television on her stomach. Megan had her head on Heidi’s shoulder as she was resting next to her with her eyes wide open, and Nicole was still sitting up, but had her chin in her hands with her elbows on her knees. Anna was smiling as she laid stretched out on the sofa.

The twelve year old by the name of Cindy, with dark brown curly hair and brown eyes, was creeping up the old rickety stairs, alone, with spooky music in the background. Her father was out of the house at 7:30 in the evening, and halfway up the stairs, a light suddenly went out.

Cindy screamed for a moment, and ran the rest of the way up the stairs to see that the bathroom light was still on at the end of the hall. Putting a hand to her chest, she walked towards the lit bathroom, her legs shaking. She opened the door and was relieved to find the bathroom in perfect order, but looking down at her pants, she saw that it was already too late for the toilet.

Two of the girls watching, nervously giggled at the girl, not because it was funny so much as they probably thought that that could have been them. Megan curled her knees up under and leaned on her elbows more. The movie was playing more spooky music again, but still, nothing had really happened to warrant the previous occasions making all of the girls relax a bit more.

Anna rolled her eyes at the nervous spooky sounds coming from the television. So far, at the climax of each such sound, they had found an empty bathroom, an unmade bed, and the main character, Cindy, wet at school. None of these things were really that interesting or warranting of the sounds, however, there were hints that things were happening.

“Who can tell me about the old manor on Cresthill?” the teacher asked a class of seventh graders in the movie.

One of the boys raised his hand. “Everyone knows that that’s where Annie died three summers ago,” he whispered.

“Yes, but that’s not what I meant,” the teacher said turning to the board. “You see, that house has a history. Long before that, during the civil war, the house was used to hide runaways. Not all white people thought that keeping black slaves was right, and some of them tried to hide the black runaways while they made their way north and hopefully to freedom.”

A flashback of the old house, showed a time in period where a young black girl was hiding in the hidden room within the house. A white man had come seeking her because he figured that she had no other place she could have gotten to, but the owner of the house had told him that he had not seen any black people in a few weeks passing that way.

Suddenly, a crack of thunder interrupted the scene, and the school bell rang letting the kids out before anymore was learned about the house.

Megan shifted nervously. The spooky music was still playing in the background, and she was certain that something was going to happen. Why had they cut to a new scene before fully explaining what had happened to that black girl?

Anna was looking a little more intent. Her eyes were glued to the screen, and the hairs on the back of her neck were picking up. She could feel that this music was a little more urgent, and that the storyteller had left something unsaid for a reason.

Nicole shifted, getting to her knees in anticipation for what might happen next. There was something urgent in the music. There was a mystery causing the lights in the school corridors to become dimmer, and the bathroom door was looming up before Cindy, but her hand seemed hesitant to pushing it open. What was in there?

Heidi was breathing a bit heavy and watching with wide eyes. She was expecting something to happen, but what was it going to be? So far, nothing of real interest had happened at the end of each spooky audition, and yet, she wasn’t sure that she could write this one off. Something had to happen soon.

Cindy placed a shaky hand upon the bathroom door, and everyone else in the halls seemed unimportant and out of focus. The door stayed closed for a very long time while Cindy looked to the left and right, and gulped. Her bright eyes were shiny and alert, ready for something to happen. The music was getting faster, and Cindy looked like she was breathing rather heavy. She pushed the door open.

The bathroom was cast in an electric blue lighting, the music rhythm was urgent and heavier now. None of the girls in there were in focus. No one seemed to be recognized by Cindy as she approached one of the mirrors. Looking up, dread written in her face as her eyes cast left and right for some hint that a stalker was there, she looked into the mirror.

Behind her! A man with a pure pale face! No! Not a man, but a child, with a pale but not clearly white face stood facing the mirror, her hair in long dirty tangles and her eyes glowing blue. The visage was only for a few seconds, and then the lights came up, and all around Cindy everything seemed normal.

Cindy, however, was still shaking, and below her dress, she had a puddle on the floor.

In the living room, all of the girls had gasped when they saw the image in the mirror. Though the black girl was not shown in the flashback in history, there was no mistaken that the main character, Cindy, had seen her. The visage had something to do with that black girl, but what had happened to her?

The girls were now hooked on the edge of their seats. Anna was now sitting up and leaning towards the television set. Megan was sitting on her knees, and leaning forward, nearly to her hands in a crawling pose as she watched the scenes unfold. Nicole was had her hands nearly covering her eyes half of the time. Heidi was holding her own shoulders, and shaking as the following scenes played out.

Cindy went home to the darkening image of the manor, her dad not yet there, she approached it shaking and slowly. The music was playing again. Something important was going to happen.

She inserted the key into the old key lock and pushed the door. Creaking, it slowly opened to reveal the empty entrance hall from which to the left you go into a sitting room and the right you go into the dining room. Looming up from the entrance of the door, there were some stairs. It was nearly the same design as Megan’s house, making chills slide down the ridge of her backbone.

Anna watched in anticipation as the girl walked behind the stairs into a secret bathroom where there was but a toilet, a mirror, and a sink. A sudden warning blare of music hummed in the background keeping one pitch as Cindy looked up into the mirror, and this time, she did not see a separate face looking at her from behind her, but her own face was dark, had circles in the eyes, and her hair was messy and tangled with grime and dirt in it. The girl suddenly started to wet again.

Anna didn’t realize it until she felt the warmth from lying on her stomach, but the front of her pants was now drenched, and pee was all over the second cushion of the sofa where she lay. She felt her hand under her to make sure of what she was feeling, and when she noticed the warm water still oozing out, she blushed crimson and kept lying there, unsure what to do. Moving from that spot would let everyone see that she was wet, and she was a little bit scared of what Jennifer would do when she found out.

The movie finally ended, with Cindy turning into a kind of ghost, and lost to her dad forever. The finale image, showing her waving sadly to her father as she drifted into the mirror, and the death of the three years previous had been explained by Cindy’s story.

Heidi stood up and walked towards the bathroom, kind of shaking as she went. Nicole, already in a diaper, knew that the rule was that she had to use it once it was on her, so she sighed and tried to push. She wasn’t really used to wetting herself on purpose, but she would do it, just to keep Jennifer from getting mad at her. Megan, already used to the rule, was already wet in her diaper, though she wasn’t sure if it had to do with being scared, or if she just did it out of habit.

“I’m wet,” Megan admitted as she stood up. “Do you want to change me, mommy, or do you want my friend to?”

“Your friend can do it. I think it’s good that your friends can help you sometimes.”

Megan stood in front of Anna who looked up at her, her face flushed, and her tongue unable to move at all. How was she going to tell everyone what had happened to her? She couldn’t even believe it herself, that she was wet. She hesitated hoping Heidi could return and do the honors for her. She didn’t want to move until the seat under her was dry.

“What are you waiting for?” Jennifer stood up from where she was reading a book. “Go change Megan, Anna. And you should probably check Nicole too.”

Anna felt hot tears silently slip down and around the right side of her face. She looked up at the woman, still not moving, and she whispered with dread.

“I’m… I’m wet.”

“What’s that?” Jennifer not sure she heard Anna right.

“I… I peed my pants,” Anna admitted again after a long hesitation.

“You did? Stand up and let’s see,” Jennifer ordered. “What are the rules if you wet your pants at my house?”

“We have to wear diapers to bed.”

“What else?”

“We can’t take them off until someone without a diaper helps us do it.”

“And there are no toilets. A diaper is to be used, otherwise, it’s just a waste of money. Now come over to the changing table so I can change you. I might as well check Heidi’s panties too when she comes out.”

And so, four girls went up to bed in clean, dry, and humiliating diapers.

{{:

This story is very well written. My only idea would be for the girls to somehow make the mom wet herself, possibly in public,as payback. I really like the story though. that mom is super weird for doing that to her daughters friends too.

}}

Well, yeah, the mother is supposed to be strange! I'm glad it's no mystery. I'm not sure about her wettting in public... maybe at the end?

*022*2012-03-10 12:56

Chapter Five

Part 4: Grandma Rosie’s Surprise

On Monday morning, Jennifer opened the bedroom door to find that Anna was already sitting up, but still covered in bed and rocking herself holding her knees to her chest. The other three girls were still asleep.

“Are you okay, Anna” Jennifer asked the heavier set girl among them.

Anna’s black hair was down over her face so that the redness there in was hidden in the already dim room, and the diaper around her middle was still white and unused. She whispered through the quiet morning air. “Yeah. I just have to pee really bad. Can I get out of this thing?”

“Don’t you remember the rules about wearing diapers in my house?” Jennifer asked.

Anna nodded. “But it’s morning, and you are here to wake us, so can’t you take it off of me so I can go to the bathroom?”

Jennifer shook her head. “You had no trouble wetting on my couch last night.”

Anna’s face burned at the memory of finding herself warm and wet. “I know. I’m sorry.”

“If you can wet on my couch in jeans, then you can wet the diaper. That’s what it’s for.”

Anna looked down not daring to say anything. She was even more worried that Jennifer was going to call her mom and tell her mom about it, and she wondered if her mom would believe it or not. She put her left forefinger in her teeth, thinking about her situation which was becoming even more difficult to control as she bounced on the bed and stuffed her right hand between her legs though with the thick cloth in the way, it really didn’t help much.

“Look at you. You really couldn’t make it to the potty anyway, like that,” Jennifer cooed at Anna. “It doesn’t matter if you do it in a diaper. Now go ahead and do it so I can change you.”

With that, Jennifer ignored Anna for the moment in favor of waking the other girls. She pulled the blankets back not surprised to find Nicole already wet, and Megan already starting to hiss her diaper. “You go ahead and wet too, Heidi and Anna, that way we can get this all over with before we catch the shuttle to the airport. I don’t think any of you girls want to ride the plane in a diaper, do you?”

Though Jennifer smiled and looked sweetly at the girls, it was a serious enough threat to cause Anna to just start hissing right then. Not long afterwards, Heidi started to pee, and Jennifer took the girls down stairs to clean up.

“I must warn you all,” Jennifer looked sternly at the girls as they all assembled in the living room finally dressed and cleaned up in nice clothes. “Grandma Rosie will not put up with any nonsense. If you even just wet the bed at her house, she will put you in a diaper for the whole day the next day.”

“She… she will?” Anna asked. “Do… do we really have to go there?”

“Of course we do,” Jennifer looked surprised at Anna. “She’s my mother and Megan’s grandmother. It’s not like you plan on wetting your pants again, is it? I thought you were too old for diapers, miss.”

Anna blushed. “I can… I can hold it. I was more worried about Nicole because of her bladder infection.”

Heidi looked down. She normally had good control too, but every time she stayed with Jennifer, something seemed to happen to her to make Jennifer think that she needed diapers at night. She sighed really wanting to skip going to see Grandma Rose, but she didn’t dare say it.

Megan looked up at her mom wondering how she knew this. This was the first time she had been in diapers or had wet her pants in the sixteen-seventeen years of her life, and her grandmother had never seen her wet. What did her mom know about Grandma Rosie being strict like that?

“So, don’t say I didn’t give you fair warning. If you need a bathroom on the plane, use it, and if you need to go in public, find the right way to get there, or wait unless you want to be in diapers for the whole day.” Jennifer then sighed and looked out the window just as the shuttle for the airport pulled into their drive.

“It’s here, girls. Let’s go.”

Despite the long lines waiting to check in, the security nonsense, and the hour and a half flight to New York, none of the young ladies had any trouble, and it wasn’t long before they met an older woman with red paling hair that had mixed gray in it. The woman had thick dark high liner make up on her eye lashes and on her brows. She wore a vibrant purple lip stick, and it was obvious she was trying to stay her age with cosmetics to an extreme point.

Nearly running as fast as her shuffling feet could take her, she approached Jennifer, herself just barely few inches taller than Jennifer. They hugged for several minutes, and then Grandma Rosie turned her attention to Megan and her friends.

Grandma Rosie patted her granddaughter on the shoulder and smiled a warm welcome to her. “So, these are your friends, honey? They are quite a nice looking group, and I have a surprise for you.”

“A surprise?” Megan asked.

“I have two homestay girls staying with me that I think you will get along well with.”

“Oh, great! Where are they?” Megan asked smiling.

Nicole was looking down, her teeth playing with her lower lip. Anna was wringing her hands and standing there feeling like a fifth wheel, and Heidi just took Jennifer’s hand without prompt and decided to wait for them to move.

“Well, my car will be crowded enough, and they are old enough to take care of themselves for an hour or two. We will see them when we get back to my house.”

“If you had told me you had guests, I’d have made other plans,” Jennifer started.

“Nonsense!” Grandma Rosie laughed. “The more young people, the merrier. You know I hate it being by myself all the time, and now I have more people in my house than I know what to do with! I’m so happy!”

Megan remembered that Grandma Rosie’s house only had one bathroom, and she wondered how that was going to work… eight girls and one bathroom? Still, there wasn’t much they could do about it now.

They arrived at grandma’s house noticing that she had converted the living room into a bedroom with four cots with the sofas pushed away and to the walls. In grandma’s room, there were two beds made up, and in the bedroom that her mom usually slept in, there were two more cots made up.

“So, I’ve already promised the homestay girls that room,” she pointed to her spare, and I figure that Jennifer can sleep on the bed in the room with grandma as we are the eldest ladies here, and that means the four of you can have the living room at night. I figured you’d not really be comfortable being split up in a strange house anyway,” she looked at each of the girls.

Megan smiled and she looked over at the taller girl from Korea. That girl had long curly brown hair that seemed nearly red when compared to her complexion, and yet closer inspection would show that it was truly just a very light brown. The tall slender woman held her hands in front of her shyly and bowed to the newly introduced people.

Next to the taller Korean girl, was a very short girl with a chubby face and long black hair. She was wearing jean-shorts with black tights under them and a nice colorful shirt. Her hair was tied in two sets of braids in back and a tuft of hair was rubber-banded off the left side of her head.

“The Korean is Anhi,” Grandma Rosie introduced. “And the shorter Japanese girl is Haruka. They are both in their senior years of high school.”

Megan put out her hand and smiled prompting Haruka to sheepishly do the same. The two girls then shook lightly, and then giggled breaking the awkward atmosphere for all the girls present.

Jennifer felts as though a heavy smog-like cloud had suddenly cleared from the room the moment the others girls started shaking hands and giggling and, she, herself, breathed in ease at the easing of the rock solid atmosphere breaking into tiny particles of unimportance.

“I’ve always wondered about how things are in other countries,” Heidi smiled as she nodded to Anhi. “So how are you liking your stay in America so far?”

“Not so much like I think,” she responded in her best way. “So much rules and hard,” she whispered.

“Really?” Anna asked. “I always thought that the eastern cultures were more strict than the western cultures.”

Both of the Asian girls giggled at that comment, but it was hard to tell if they giggled because they didn’t understand, or if they giggled because they did, understand it.

“Patience, girls,” Grandma Rosie stopped Megan from joining the conversation. “Remember, these girls don’t speak English every day in their home countries, so you have to be careful to use easy words and to say things slowly so they can have a chance to understand what you are saying.”

While the girls were trying to get to know each other, Jennifer and Grandma Rosie went to the back bedroom together, though Megan didn’t know why. She knew that it was normal though, for them to disappear for a few minutes within just getting there, so she shrugged it off.

After about an hour, Jennifer and Grandma Rosie resurfaced, and Grandma proceeded straight to the telephone to make a call while Jennifer took Megan by the arm and whispered to her.

“I need you to come to the back for a minute.”

“Now?”

“Yes, now,” Jennifer smiled.

Megan knew that she wasn’t in trouble, but she really wasn’t in the mood to play dress up with Jennifer at the moment. She had friends with her, and two other girls her age, which meant she didn’t feel like being treated like a little kid. Every time they went to her grandmother’s house, Megan had to wear some cute dress that made her feel about two or three years younger than she was.

“Please,” her mom tugged at Megan’s upper arm. “Your grandmother has been looking forward to seeing you this outfit for some time now.”

“Oh, alright,” Megan sighed. “I’ll be right back, but no one laugh, please! My grandma always puts me in the most juvenile things to make me look ‘cute.” She rolled her eyes.

In the back room, Megan was surprised to find something not so bad this time. The top was a white blouse that buttoned down and it looked a little fancy, but not overdone. The bottom was a blue skirt that zipped on the side of the leg with a few pink hearts along the waistband, but she could ignore that. White tights and black dress shoes completed the ensemble. Actually, the only juvenile thing about the outfit, were the flat heeled dress shoes that made her think of the time that she still had no balance in high heels, and she wasn’t sure about the white tights because the effect was actually cute.

Megan looked again in the mirror and smiled. It really wasn’t bad at all. She took a deep breath and walked out into the living room to show everyone what her grandmother had put her in.

“Oh, that’s nice,” Anna said upon seeing Megan come out of the bedroom. “Why dressed so nicely?”

“We are going to take a walk to a very nice little restaurant just up the road,” Grandma Rose told her. “If any of you girls need something to borrow, just let me know. I have plenty of stuff because I’m always making stuff like this.”

“Wow!” Heidi whispered. “You must be very talented.”

“Don’t make me blush,” Grandma Rose smiled. “So everyone have something to wear?”

Once they Grandma Rose or Jennifer had approved of everyone’s outfit, the eight women, six younger ones, and two older ones started walking down the street. Of course, it’s not every day that you see so many dressed up girls at once, so a lot of people were turning their heads twice causing some of the younger girls to blush or to get excited.

“Okay, we need to really mind our manners in a place like this,” Grandma Rosie whispered to the group as they approached the door. “I don’t want anyone saying anything inappropriate or drawing attention to us in any negative sort of way, understand?”

Of course, she didn’t let them start filing in until she got all six girls to nod, and even Jennifer smiled and nodded. Then, upon entering, a waiter took their party to near the back of the restaurant where they already had eight places prepared. Grandma Rosie had set this up at least a day or two ago.

About two hours later, after lots of talking and eight full bellies, the girls started to prepare to leave. Megan shifted her legs a little nervously as she stood up. She smiled though because she knew the rules very well. Anna looked from Megan to Jennifer, and she wondered if she should say something, but judging by how Jennifer was, and the kind of place this was, she also realized she should keep her mouth closed for now.

Haruka, however, had no idea of what the rules were, and she wasn’t used to hiding something that was necessary.

“Exusukyuzu me,” she said in a shy smile. “I go the bassrum now?”

Jennifer held her hand up to her mouth at the young lady’s comment wondering why she would say such a thing in an open public place. Grandma Rosie smiled down at her, shaking her head no, she put her finger to her lips.

“Why?” Haruka didn’t understand.

“I’ll talk to you about it later,” Grandma Rosie said. “You need to be quiet now before you draw attention to us. I’ll explain about life in our country to you, and about how dangerous of thing you have just done, not to mention impolite.”

“Oh, so sorry,” Haruka blushed. “I don’t want being rude for you.”

“I know. I should have explained things clearly for you before we left.”

The eight women, at least one very confused and at least three holding their sides, departed the restaurant. Once they were kind of far from the restaurant, and as they were passing a park on the way back, Grandma Rosie directed everyone to come with her so they could sit on the park bench to listen to her lecture.

“Anna, have you been reading the newspapers or watching the news on TV at all?”

Anna nodded.

Grandma Rosie made the four kids that were American confirm what she was telling Anhi and Haruka about the dangers of going anywhere alone in America, and she also explained to the American kids as well as the Asian ones that it was also impolite to say certain things or talk about certain things in public.

“Grandma, aren’t you just a little paranoid and old fashion?” Megan asked as her grandmother had just explained that when girls go to places that make them vulnerable, that it’s the perfect place for them to be attacked.

“Even if I were,” Grandma Rosie smiled at Megan as though she were explaining this to a very young person like five years old. “You can’t deny that it’s much better to be safe than sorry especially where your life is concerned.”

Megan sighed. Her grandmother had a small point even if she disagreed with it, and she did. She also knew that if she disagreed too strongly, that Jennifer would likely punish her.

“Can we go to the you house sooner,” Haruka asked rubbing her stomach. “I really don’t can wait longer times.”

“Alright, everyone. Let’s go,” Grandma Rosie nodded figuring everyone should understand by now why they couldn’t ask to go in a public place.

Anhi scratched her head as they started to walk off clearly understanding the words, but not why it was such a big deal. America didn’t seem much more dangerous that her own country in certain areas, and never had her mother told her that she had to be careful over such a matter.

Haruka also seemed to be thinking a bit on what was said, though she smiled when it looked as though someone was looking at her. She knew that America was a little more dangerous than Japan, but she didn’t think it was THAT different. How could anyone live if they were so afraid to say such things or afraid to do normal things? It was must be terrible to live in such fear.

Megan shook her head as she walked when no one was looking at her. Her grandmother was way too old fashion, and she really must be quite paranoid to believe such nonsense about muggings, especially in the day. Why would a mugger wait for a girl to go the bathroom? If he wanted to do something, he’d grab her just about anywhere.

Anna, however, had some experiences with life in the rough parts of town, and though she had never thought that the bathroom was an issue, she could easily see why someone like Grandma Rosie would think so. Maybe she even had a point that Anna just never thought of before.

Nicole didn’t know anything about the rough parts of town, her parents quite well to do, and such, but she was raised to be polite and proper, and it did make sense to her that you don’t say certain things out loud. She walked along talking to Grandma rosie as though nothing strange at all had been said.

Heidi whispered to Megan after a few minutes. “Does your grandmother really believe that stuff she was just talking about?”

Megan, who never knew her grandmother to lie, nodded. “I don’t know why, but I know that grandma is very protective of me when I come to stay with her.”

“Maybe we should find out if something had happened.”

“I tried. My mom stopped talking to me for weeks when I brought it up one day, and my grandmother cried and just said to not worry about anything because as long as I obeyed them, they’d keep me safe from anything ever happening to me.”

Heidi became quiet. She realized that there must have been some experience in Grandmother Rosie’s past that explained why she was like this, and if Megan’s mom also reacted so strongly, maybe there was something that affected both of them in the past.

“I hope we can all get there in time, because some of us have to go really bad,” Heidi whispered to Megan.

“I know. I don’t think we are all going to make it, and if I know grandma, she’ll go first because she’s old, then she’ll insist on guests going next because it’s only polite and because Anhi and Haruka are from a different country, I think she’s going to let them go after her.”

“By the time she lets us go, are you going to make it?”

“I don’t know. I have to go pretty badly.”

“What do you think about Nicole?”

“I don’t think she should even try. We know she has an infection, and I don’t even think she’ll make it home.”

They turned the corner so that they could see the house from the end of the block about five houses down. That was when Nicole bent over and stopped walking. Grandma Rosie walked up behind her. “What’s wrong child?”

“She has an infection or something,” Anna spoke for Nicole. “She’s probably waited too long.”

“Come on,” Grandma took Nicole’s hand. “Up you get, it’s not going to help bending over here. Anna, don’t talk about this in public. Let’s just get your friend back to the house.”

Anna nodded and helped Nicole up. Between Grandma Rosie and Anna, they helped Nicole down the street, but already, Nicole could feel her panties starting to get warm in the crotch and slightly damp.

By the time they were at the door, Nicole squatted down again and started to cry as urine poured from under her skirt.

Grandma Rosie smiled down at her, told Haruka to go straight to the bathroom and go, and then comforted Nicole until she stood up and walked into the house and back to the bedroom that Grandma had dressed Megan into her outfit in.

“It’s okay, young lady. Things like that happen when you have an infection or something. Do you have any medicine for it?”

Nicole shook her head.

“Well, tell me you’ve seen a doctor!”

Nicole nodded her head. “The doctor says it has something to do with what the teachers did to me when I was a sophomore, and not letting me go at school all the time. Now, I just have really weak muscles.”

“Well, let’s get you cleaned up, and into something fresh, okay? Once everyone is finished, you should take a bath, so until then, just stay in her and sit on the bed, but take off those wet things first.”

Nicole nodded, and Grandma Rosie left the bedroom.

*023*2012-03-10 21:33

Chapter Five

Part Five: The Shopping Trip for Thanksgiving Dinner

Finally, Wednesday came around, and it was time to start getting things ready to cook. Grandma Rosie told the girls that what made the holidays special was when the grandmother and mother shared with all the girls in the house, about how to cook. Since everyone was going to be busy for the next day and a half, that morning, she made sure that every one of the girls had used the toilet, especially Nicole because of her problem.

The good thing about Grandma Rosie, was that she didn’t let any of the girls wear diapers, even Nicole. She said that they were too old for such things, but if they wet, she would be disappointed in them, and she scolded Jennifer for suggesting that Nicole and Megan, at the very least needed one on to sleep.

Nicole had tried hard not to, by going to the bathroom just before bed, and not drinking anything after six, but she still kept wetting the bed, and that Wednesday morning, Grandma Rosie going in to the living room and catching her wet again, she sat down by the young lady and had a talk with her.

“Nicole, you can’t help it at night. I don’t want you skipping your drinks at night because that will cause you other problems. You are sleeping on an old cot that I don’t really care about, so please don’t worry about wetting it, okay? We’ll keep some plastic sheets on it, and clean it up every morning so that you have a dry place to sleep at night. So don’t worry if you wet the bed, okay?”

Nicole nodded, looking down at her shoes so Grandma Rosie hugged her. “Really, Nicole, it’s not your fault at night. I just don’t want you wetting in the daytime, understand?”

Nicole nodded again.

“That goes for the rest of you. If any of you have been trying to keep it hidden from me,” and she looked right at Megan. “You have been trying too hard to make me happy, and I will not have girls getting sick in my house because they are not drinking enough liquids at night. You wet the bed, you wet the bed!”

Grandma Rosie then got Nicole up out of her wet bed and to the bathroom for a bath. “Leave the bathroom door open because you are a girl, and most of us have to go when we wake up in the mornings, okay?”

Nicole nodded.

Once Nicole was in the bathroom taking a bath, Grandma started putting everyone to work doing different chores. She had somehow found the time to make up a chore chart, and showed everyone what they were responsible for. She also made sure that everyone got two hour breaks throughout the day telling them that they should nap or relax because watching the turkey would be everyone’s job. Since there were eight of them there, she figured that with her supervision, or with Jennifer’s, that each girl could take one turn basting the bird, and that would teach them how to do it, and grandma and Jennifer would get some sleep.

By Wednesday afternoon, the girls were excited and playing around as they cooked or washed and prepared for the next day. Megan didn’t mind doing the work, which surprised her considering how much work it was to make such a large dinner.

At four o’clock, to teach Anhi and Haruka about the neighborhood, Grandma had planned one shopping trip for them and had Megan take them because Megan knew the area fairly well since she always went to her grandma’s home for each of the holidays.

“Wow! You have such large lanes in your grocery stores,” Anhi commented. “I’ve also not seen so much food in one place in all my life!”

“Is it really that bad in South Korea?” Haruka asked.

“Maybe not in a cities, but my family lived in a small village, and there is not enough every food for everyone, so we have a day we can buy something different.”

“The shopping carts in America, big,” Haruka smiled. “Japan, we just a small thing but holds it two basket like hand ones.”

The girls compared and talked about their home markets, and Megan was suddenly glad that she had been forced to take them shopping. She was learning a lot about how others lived. They were passing near the front of the store as they became ready for the check-out lane.

“Excuse me a minute,” Megan told the two foreign girls. She pointed at the sign that said restrooms.

“But Grandmassa Rosie said don’t that,” Haruka whispered. “You should risten that she don’t want you hurt.”

Megan blushed. Haruka understood exactly what Grandma Rosie had explained the other day, and now she was brainwashed to think that it was bad manners to say that she had to go, and that it was dangerous.

“Listen,” Megan told the two girls. “My grandma is old fashion and it’s not as bad as she said it is. We just have to be careful, and if we all go together, it’s not likely that anyone will bother us.”

“I risten to Grandmassa Rosie as my mom told me,” Haruka smiled looking down at her shoes.

“Me, too,” Anhi replied. “It doesn’t so far to your house.”

Megan sighed. If they were going to listen, then they would surely tell on her if she went. She whispered to them. “Don’t tell on me, that I wanted to go, okay?”

They nodded.

Soon, Megan and the two foreign girls were walking out of the store and towards home.

“So, have you ever had foods like this before?” Megan asked Anhi and Haruka to try to get her mind off of her bladder.

“Nothing as this ever,” Haruka smiled. “We have some special food at New Year time, but it is not a same as this. I don’t berieve that many pies and staffs that your grandma makings for us.”

“She has always prepared a nice Thanksgiving dinner for me since I was very small. I really do love my grandmother even if it looked like I was tempted to disobey her,” Megan said in a low kind of ashamed voice. “My grandmother has always protected me, but I have honestly used that bathroom at that store before and nothing has ever happened to me there.”

Anhi nodded. “I get it, I just promised my mom I listen that Grandma Rosie says all of a time, so I must do it.”

“Me too,” Haruka said. “I don’t tell her anything if you go somewhere you think safe, but I don’t go in there because she said don’t.”

“Well, there isn’t any other place I’d feel safe going in by myself,” Megan admitted. “You don’t think I’m rude talking to you about having to pee, do you?”

Anhi shook her head and so did Haruka.

“It’s basic needs,” Haruka said. “Very natural to say it for me, but just obey Grandma Rosie, so don’t say it.”

“You really do everything your parents tell you?” Megan asked a little quizzical.

“Why not?” Anhi asked a little taken aback. “Mother is say something that is help me, so I try to do it. If she doesn’t help me as said, maybe I don’t listen, but don’t ever see that happened.”

Megan blushed. She knew that she was sometimes a little rebellious.

“Grandma Rosie is going to be really mad at me,” Megan whispered.

“Why?” Anhi asked looking at her in the eyes as she saw Megan tearing up.

“Because I can’t help it. I can already feel it starting to weaken, and we are still at least ten minutes from the house. I’m going to… to… wet my pants.”

“Oh, well, if you followed a thing your grandma said that you do, I think she doesn’t mad at you,” Haruka whispered. “If we hide somewhere by a park, maybe you can go by bush and pull down pants?”

“Well, if I am not allowed to go in a public bathroom,” Megan started as tears fell down her cheeks. “What do you think grandma would do if she heard I pulled down my pants outside?”

The two foreigners looked at each other.

Megan sighed and started to walk again.

The two caught up with her, and they put an arm on each side of her.

“We tell Grandma Rosie you don’t use bathroom or say bad things in pubric, so we just find you try to hold it until wet in pants, and we think she have to forgive you because no prace you can allowed to go.”

Megan sniffled. She then felt a little pee start to slip into her panties, then it grew stronger, and finally into a full gushing stream. The other two girls watched her go, and then Anhi’s face went red as she started to fill her panties with urine, the pee pouring from her pant legs a few seconds later.

Haruka looked at them both blushing. She sighed and pushed at her stomach to force it to start. After a few agonizing moments, she started to get her pants darker and wet and then the three of them walked back to the house soaked.

*024*2012-03-11 05:26

Chapter Five

Part Six: The House full of girls are too busy to pee

Jennifer and Grandma Rosie kept working all afternoon and into the evening even while certain things could not be made without the food that they had sent Megan and the foreigners after, they still found things that needed to be prepared. They kept the other three younger teens busy for about an hour, and then finally told them to take a break since it was hard to keep them busy.

Grandma Rosie knew it would take Megan, Anhi, and Haruka about two hours because she had a lot on the shopping list, and the store was about thirty minutes away, so half an hour there, thirty to forty-five minutes to shop, and half an hour to forty minutes back with all the food to carry. She just kept working and finding things to do that could be prepared despite not having certain things to start with.

Just as Grandma gave them a break, Anna ran into the bathroom and used it. Nicole sat in the living room watching television trying to ignore the bathroom because she didn’t want to rush Anna. Anna always tried to hurry when Nicole acted like she had to go too, and that sometimes ended up getting Anna wet in the last two days with only one bathroom.

Heidi lingered by the bathroom door wondering when Anna would be finished in there. Jennifer and Grandma Rosie had managed their time well, and had used it when they had their break times, so they didn’t need to go at the moment.

Grandma walked out to see what was on TV for a moment. “What are you watching Nicole?”

“Just this political debate,” she frowned up at Grandma Rosie who frowned back.

“I don’t like politics,” Grandma Rosie said. “They always argue about a whole lot of nothing and never do the things that they promise.”

Nicole shrugged. She knew that sometimes, that was true, but she also knew that sometimes, it was just because of the way that things went, and that people always promised more than they could deliver.

“Can’t you find something a bit more, constructive on?” Grandma Rosie asked politely.

“Sure,” Nicole smiled. She really didn’t pay much attention to the political news either, but she was expecting something about her dad on. She felt like it was not a good idea to mention it to Grandma Rosie though because there was a look in Grandma Rosie’s eye when she said that she hated Politics that told Nicole that it was a bad idea to tell her that her dad was running for Mayor this time around.

Grandma Rosie knew very well who Nicole was though, and who her dad was. Just because she didn’t like politics didn’t mean she didn’t know what was going on. She had simply decided that she wouldn’t talk about it while Nicole was there, or do anything that would upset the child over what her dad might have done.

“What’s taking Megan?” Nicole looked at the clock.

“It’s only been about an hour,” Grandma Rosie informed her. She is probably just now finished with the shopping, and started on her way home, if she got everything okay. It’s about a thirty minute walk from here.”

“Wouldn’t have it been a good idea for Jennifer to take them then?” Nicole asked.

“Well, I want Anhi and Haruka to learn where things are, and Megan knows where they are. Jennifer won’t be here next week when they go to school, so I need to make sure that they know where they are going.”

Nicole squeezed her legs closed a bit harder this time, and Grandma Rosie saw her. “Are you holding your pee?” she asked Nicole shocked.

“Well, Anna is in the bathroom, and I think Heidi has to go,” she blushed.

“Well, by the looks of it, I’ll bet your panties are wet,” Grandma Rosie wagered.

Nicole’s face blushed.

“Get up. You are going to the bathroom before you wet yourself.”

Grandma Rosie took Nicole by the hand and walked her back down the hall to the toilet where Heidi was still waiting by the door and holding her hand in her crotch.

“You really have to go that badly?” she asked Heidi.

With tears in her eyes, Heidi nodded.

“Anna? Are you about done in there? One of your friends are about to wet her pants!” Grandma Rosie called, knocked, and then opened the door.

Anna was on the toilet, and it smelled like rotten eggs.

“I’m sorry, but it’s…” Anna grunted.

“It’s okay,” Grandma closed the door again. “Come on girls,” she took the two girls by their hands. “You need to find some clean clothes to wear.”

“Clean clothes?” Heidi was confused.

“You are about to wet your pants, aren’t you?” Grandma asked.

That’s when Nicole just started pouring through her clothes, and as she started to hiss, then Heidi followed suit.

“Just as I thought,” Grandma Rosie smiled. “Get some clean clothes together, and then you two can take a bath.”

