The Book Club

Author: fullbladder

*000*2014-11-23 00:15

This is an old story and I wasn't sure about posting it since I don't really like it. However, I decided to share anyway after reading it again today and making a couple changes... I am willing to add to it in the near future if people want more...

Marie threw on a white dress over her matching violet bra and panties. It was Wednesday, her favorite day of the week. She had just given her husband his goodbye kiss as he was leaving for work and was now about to walk her 7-year-old son to school. After that, she would be walking back home to prepare for the weekly book club meeting.

Her friend Barbara had started the book club out of sheer boredom. After all, there wasn't too much for young married women to do in a small Christian town called Stratsville. The local school and church served as the central point for the town, so the eight members of the book club all lived within 20 minutes of each other. A handful of grocery stores were scattered around the area, but the main shopping area was just east of church. The women did most of their shopping on Sundays after church, as their husbands were present to help carry things home. Most of the men worked 6 days a week in the lumber and steel plants located on the outskirts of town, near the river.

The get-together had started innocently enough, with the ladies discussing popular literature the 1970's had to offer. However, the mornings usually ended up as an exchange of juicy gossip and reminiscence of youth, as is common with married women. With all of them being wed fairly recently, they missed their single life and jolly times together as friends. That said, finally being able to have relations with men had given them new perspective and the conversations had naturally progressed to the topics inappropriate for after-church conversation.

As the women became increasingly confident and comfortable with each other, edgier activities started to take place. They had agreed that the host of the meeting could propose anything she wished, but the ladies were under no obligation to partake. A couple of shy ladies sat out the racier activities, but everyone participated for the most part. They had already gone far enough to cause serious consequences if their secrets were discovered. A meeting last month had been in just underwear. The next had been in full nudity- Sherry, blushing deeply, had declined to strip down for that one. Ironically, she had quickly volunteered as host for the next week which ended up being a make-out session amongst the women.

Three of the women had declined this time and poor Rose even left a few minutes into the activity, feeling quite uncomfortable watching. However, the other women decided it was worth a try. Marie didn't have any desire to go past the point of a kiss with a bit of tongue, which ended up being an interesting experience in itself but not really a turn on for her. However, a number of ladies felt up each other, taking advantage of a rare opportunity to explore another young female body.

When Sherry and Emily had paired up, fireworks seemed to go off. Marie could sense why Sherry had been timid about stripping the last time; she clearly had strong feelings for members of her own sex. Her knickers must have been drenched at the sight of her nude friends. Emily seemed to have discovered a new side to herself as she made out with Sherry. From non-stop groping, the two women had each other half-naked in ten minutes before they decided to take the party to the privacy of Sherry's bedroom. The other ladies listened in on the moans coming from inside the room for a while before deciding to end the meeting early. Of course, none of them would ever risk telling a word to their husbands about what happened every Wednesday.

This week was Marie's turn to host. She herself had a dark curiosity she wanted to explore, but had never gotten the chance to until now. Her stomach fluttered with excitement as she returned home after dropping off her son. She immediately got to work in the kitchen; she would need a lot of tea today.

The first knock at the door came a few minutes earlier than expected, just as Marie was adding in the ginger and honey. She rushed over to invite Emily in and requested her to tend to the door as she prepared for company. Emily was only happy to do this, eagerly anticipating Sherry's arrival.

Fifteen minutes later, the meeting was kicked off with the ladies seated around a massive pot of hot tea. Marie addressed the group nervously. "Hi everyone, thanks for coming. This week, I want to have a contest. We are going to finish this big pot of tea together, but with an interesting twist. I have locked the washroom and have no idea where Robert keeps the key."

She paused to scan the faces around the room and was not surprised to see some puzzled expressions. She continued, "This means that we will not be able to use the toilet. The contest is to see who can go the longest without wetting her knickers. We don't want to get our dresses and pants wet, so we will do the meeting in just our underwear again. I have baked a beef and vegetable pot pie for the winner to take home."

She made a point to walk over to the window and draw the curtain to give the females around her a sense of security. There was silence in the room for a few seconds before Barbara spoke up. "I like Marie's idea- I'll do it."

Sherry was next to announce that she was in and Emily quickly followed. After that, there was hesitation amongst the women. They couldn't imagine doing something as improper as peeing themselves. Rose decided that she needed to pee already and would be leaving soon since there was no toilet to use there. Heather quickly got up to join her on the walk; she had been suffering from diarrhea all week and was not in a gambling mood. Lauren didn't want to participate, but would stay and watch. Josephine finally decided that she was in.

The women filled their tea cups and started drinking. It wasn't long before Marie was asked about her reason for choosing such an activity. She blushed, but decided the women could be trusted. "It's something that has interested me since I was a little girl. I had bed-wetting problems until I was almost ten and I was so embarrassed by having to wear my diaper to bed every night. I remember I used to come home from school and see my diaper drying on the clothesline in the backyard for the world to see. The mean neighbour kids used to make so much fun of me until I finally overcame the issue."

Marie sipped her tea and continued. "One day, a few months after I had managed to stop my bed-wetting, Mum picked me up from school after going to the tailors to get some new shirts made for Dad. She must not have had a chance to use the toilet for a while, because I could tell she needed to go as we walked. I asked her why she didn't pee at the tailor's or at school but she just blushed and told me that a grown lady can hold it until she gets home. It was a long walk home- my sister and I had popped a squat behind trees many times to prevent accidents in our school skirts. However, Mum wasn't about to do that, especially with the neighbours walking a hundred yards behind us."

Marie took another sip. Her tea was almost gone. All the cups would be getting refilled soon."Five minutes from home, Mum handed me the bag she was carrying and started holding herself through her skirt. I had never seen Mum do that before, so she must have had to go really badly."

"I was actually pretty excited by the sight of my own mother needing the outhouse so desperately. I had never seen her like that before. As our little house came in sight, she started running, still holding herself. I followed as quickly as I could, with the weight from the backpack and bag slowing me down considerably. I just got through the backyard gate to see my mom with her back against the outhouse, wetting her skirt in plain view of the neighbours. Her pee was flowing through her sandals and feet as she closed her eyes in relief. When she finished peeing and realized I was watching her, she quickly told me to go inside and do my homework. As I walked away, I saw her go into the outhouse. When she came running into the house a minute later, she was only wearing her wet knickers. She made me promise not to tell my father and explained that accidents happen even to grown-ups sometimes. It was amazing to see her in that situation after all my struggles over the years."

Marie sipped one last time, finishing her tea. Glancing around the room, she noticed the cups were dry, so she quickly got to refilling. She hoped for some signs of desperation soon.

"Wow! Amazing story, Marie! I saw my mama pee her panties and bed once when my dad tickled her too much in the morning," Barbara said. "She was really angry at him, so I just went to my room and hid for a while. Mama always hit me when she was angry."

Marie quickly jumped on the opportunity. "Have you ever wet yourself, Barb?"

"All the time, as a child. Peed in my seat a few times when the teacher wouldn't let me leave. Got spanked for that by Mama. Heck, I even peed myself out in town while I was expecting Bobby."

"What happened?" quizzed Lauren.

"Well, it was just after church, on the walk home. Naturally, I had to pee after the sermon but I couldn't move so well and there was already a line-up in front of the ladies. Joe was getting impatient, wanting to get to the bar to enjoy his day off so I decided to just hold it until I get home. After all, we only lived five minutes away. As luck would have it, we ran into his boss and his missus on their walk to the grocery store. Joe and his boss chatted away for a while and I was just standing there trying not disgrace myself, hopping from foot to foot in Joe's baggy pants since they're all that fit me when I'm 8 months pregnant.

Finally, Joe remembered that I need to go and wrapped up the conversation. Anyways, the missus decided to hug me and wish me good luck with my pregnancy. The bump on my tummy was too much and the next thing I know, I was wetting those brown pants in front of them. Luckily Joe is a quick thinker and made a comment about my water breaking and rushed me out of there. Boy, I was embarrassed though. Speaking of which, I'm already feeling like I need to pay a visit to the ladies room."

Emily eagerly gulped her tea. She was getting excited about seeing the ladies wet their panties. She could feel her crotch already wet with wetness- she was so excited, like a horny teenager again. Her parents and devout husband were so strict about sex that this book club felt like an awakening.

She spoke up. "I have peed in front of my daughter as well. She was only about three at the time, just learning how to use the toilet. Dan and I had been drinking a bit of wine before bed and I woke up absolutely bursting. Just getting out of bed, I had to hold myself through my pajamas or I would have soaked them. Of course, Dan is already awake and laughing at me as I try to get to the toilet without having an accident. When I open the door, Teresa is sitting there taking her sweet time pooping. I start squirting in my pajamas right there in front of her and just manage to jump into the tub before I make a puddle on the floor. She just stares at me in disbelief for a moment then yells to her daddy that mom is peeing herself. Of course, he comes running to watch the show and laugh with her."

The women laugh together and Marie quickly fills the cups again; the pot is half empty already.

Lauren, who wasn't participating in the contest, spoke up once the laughter died down. "I really need to pee, but I don't want to leave y'all- this is so much fun!"

"Why don't you just pop a quick squat in the backyard?" Marie suggests.

"Are you sure you are okay with that? What if your neighbours see?"

Marie giggles. "Ah, don't you worry about them. Besides, I think we would all love to watch you piss!"

The women roar with laughter as Lauren blushed. "Please don't look! I'll be back in a minute!" As the ladies heard the door close, they ran to the kitchen window to observe Lauren removing her panties before squatting to pee under her long skirt, a strong stream visible at her feet. She motioned to put her panties back on, but just decided to pocket them instead and walked back into the house to find the large group of giggling ladies at the door.

"What's the matter, honey?" Sherry teased, "Don't like wearing panties?"

Lauren's face burned red. "I just had nothing to wipe with..."

The women howled with laughter. Josephine, needing to pee quite badly after seeing Lauren's relief, started losing control in her fits of laughter and shoved her hand into her crotch. It was useless. Wet streaks ran through her white bloomers and down her legs, creating a giant puddle on the wood floor. This, of course, made the women laugh even harder. They were all clutching themselves as they laughed uncontrollably. Sherry spurted in her baby blue panties, making a big wet spot on her crotch. Barb noticed it and yelled "You're OUTTTT!" with a baseball umpire gesture. It was too much for Sherry. She lost complete control laughing hysterically and parted her legs to pee, adding to Josephine's puddle. Somehow, the other ladies managed to stay dry as the laughter subsided. Only Emily, Barbara, and Marie remained in the contest now. They downed their cups once again so Marie could refill them.

They all had their legs crossed, with hands firmly gripping their lady parts through their panties. Emily's crotch was already soaked at the sight of her lover wetting herself. However, no one could see the wetness in the jet black silk cloth. She discreetly dug her finger hard into her clit, rubbing slowly. The desire to release her pee through her panties as she rubbed was overwhelming. Sherry was naturally focused on Emily and had noticed her sexual movements. Sherry couldn't resist touching herself through her soiled panties.

Seeing her girlfriend finger herself was too much for Emily. She gulped down her cup and purposely walked to Sherry's chair. She sat down on her lap and released her flood all over her as they kissed.

Sherry's masturbation intensified as she locked lips with her girlfriend and felt her hot pee flowing all over her naked legs. She almost climaxed as Emily finished peeing but just stopped herself in time to be led to the bedroom. Emily always liked to finish her off with her tongue.

Marie refilled the cups one last time as the final two contestants danced desperately, trying to hold in their pee. The familiar sounds coming from the bedroom didn't help matters. They were both on the verge of bursting, just keeping their panties dry through sheer will. They gulped down their tea quickly- sipping was not an option anymore.

Marie felt her pee surge to the very edge of her pee-hole. Gasping, she somehow prevented the squirt. She could feel the eyes in the room eagerly darting between her and Barbara. It was a deathly close battle; guessing who would pee first was impossible. However, it was clear the contest wouldn't go too much longer.

Marie felt herself squirt . Not wanting to surrender yet, she squeezed harder. Her fingers pushed up on her pussy with full force. She could feel the warm wetness on her fingers. Another squirt escaped. Pee flowed down to the palm of her hand. Barbara desperately hobbled to the back door, instinctively deciding that wetting herself outside, out of sight of her friends was a better option. Before she got there, Marie finally lost control, drenching her red cotton panties. A waterfall flowed through her hands onto the floor below.

Barbara stepped outside and started peeing as the cold air hit her. She peed through her silk pink boy-shorts onto the deck below. A shocked neighbour looked up at the sight of an attractive redhead in just her underwear wetting herself in public. Barbara quickly turned around, trying to stop peeing to no avail. The gardener stared at Barbara's wet butt with a powerful pee stream flowing down to her feet. Barbara finally got the door open and stepped back inside to finish emptying her bladder. Marie finished peeing first and sighed deeply with relief. Barbara could only look back helplessly at her friends as they watched her urinate on the floor. Her bladder was so full and it felt amazing to finally let go. With a final involuntary shudder, her last drips flowed through her underwear.

Marie went into the kitchen and presented Barbara with the pie. The ladies stripped off their wet undergarments and redressed to leave. Marie would need time to clean up before her son and husband got home. This dirty secret could not be discovered.

Unknown to them, Marie had other plans. She couldn't wait to show her husband the wet panties she was wearing. Would he believe that she had accidently locked the washroom? Or would he suspect something else?

*004*2014-11-24 15:35

{{: 

Good story, when did you write it?

Do you have any other older stories?

}}

{{: 

Im not sure why you wouldn't like this story, I found it super arousing and really fun to read. I agree with vexer6, if you have any other old stories, I'd love to see them

}}

Thanks for the kind words, guys! I do have some older stories (really old) but they have been submitted to Shara and Ger- My stories are slowly getting posted on their site, so eventually you will get to see all of them :)

I'll be adding more to this story soon, so look out for that!

