Amy's Wet Morning

By Gemmy

*000*2015-02-09 21:38

Hey guys and gals, this is just a short chapter in the Amy saga as a booster before the next story. I had an idea suggested to me for the next story but I felt it would have been too much of a jump forward from the last one so I wrote this as a bridge to introduce themes for the next chapter. Warning contains masturbation at the end. Hope you enjoy

###

As she awoke the sound of people chatting filled her ears. She slowly opened her eyes allowing them to adjust to the light. She looked towards the open window and realised who ever was chatting were outside. She listened to their conversation getting quieter as they walked down the street until all she could hear was the soft breathing behind her. She glanced over at the clock next to the bed, smiling when she saw it was only half past 8. As she moved back under the duvet she felt his arm snaked across her and she felt a rush of happiness flood through her. She rolled over and snuggled into him. The past couple of weeks had been the happiest of her life. For the first time in years she had a boyfriend.

After dating many many terrible guys she had given up on relationships but now she had found the perfect guy. Not only was he everything she wanted in a boyfriend he also had something special which made her love him more. She had recently discovered her fetish for holding her pee and making herself desperate and the feeling of wetting herself.

At first it had freaked her out but once she had found out many other people enjoy the same thing she learned to love it and began experimenting. She had found that it turned her on more than anything else. After accidentally wetting herself.....twice....in front of Jack she had discovered that he shared the same fetish. Unlike her he had had the fetish all his life. She laughed to herself as she thought back to when he had told her and he had been all embarrassed about it. His face when she told him she liked being desperate and wetting herself was priceless.

The night she told him they stayed up for hours talking about it and learning about each others likes and interests. Over the past couple of weeks she had fulfilled a couple of his fantasies. He had never had a woman be desperate and holding on purpose in front of him so she had done that which he thoroughly enjoyed. He had also always wanted to be in control of someone's desperation which she obliged and let him decide how long she had to hold it. At first it was strange for her but she enjoyed his dominance over her and she loved every second of it.

She suddenly noticed her bladder. All the thoughts of being desperate and peeing had set her bladder off. It was quite full as per usual when she woke up. She remembered how she used to wake up busting for a pee and would run to the bathroom. Now she loved laying in bed squirming and holding herself until she literally couldn't hold it anymore and then dashed off to pee. She slid her hand between her legs and held herself as she gently wiggled. She laid for fifteen minutes enjoying the feeling of her bladder swelling. Suddenly his arm pulled her close and he whispered good morning.

She turned round and found Jack looking at her smiling. She said good morning and leaned in and kissed him. They laid for a while chatting, deciding what their plans for the day were. All the while her bladder continued to fill. A wave of desperation washed over her and she felt her fingers dampen as a trickle of pee escaped her pee hole and dampened her knickers. She moaned softly and decided to go and relieve her aching bladder. She swung her legs over the edge and went to stand up. He grabbed her hand and pulled her back onto the bed as he said “mmmm don't get up yet, lets lay here for a while”.

She giggled and said “we can lay here all day if you want but right now I have to pee”. She went to stand up again but his hand stayed gripped on her arm. “All the more reason to stay” he said. She decided she could hold a bit longer and got back into bed. He slowly ran his hand across her stomach making her wince as his fingers traced over her bulging bladder. She put her hand back between her legs and began squirming. She moaned and said how badly she needed to wee. Partly because it was true but mostly because she knew it was turning him on.

He pulled back the duvet and looked at her half naked body squirming around in desperation. He smiled and made a kiss action as he looked up and down her. She felt herself dampen with arousal as she felt his eyes on her body. Her arousal only intensified when she saw she wasn't the only one with a bulge. As the time passed she got more and more desperate. She started leaking and desperately needed to dash and relieve herself. She begged him to let her go before she wet herself. He just shook his head.

She told him she would pee in the shower and he could watch but again he shook his head. He smiled and said “I want you to do it here”. She looked at him shocked. “I...I ….I can't do it here, not in your bed”. He laughed and said “you won't have much choice cos im not letting you go”. The sudden dominance in his voice made her pussy quiver with excitement. She loved that he was making her hold on but she really didn't want to pee all over his bed. She moaned as she suddenly spurted into her knickers.

She told him she was starting to wet herself and was about to have an accident. He winked at her and said “is that so, let me see”. She looked at him confused as to what he meant then moaned out as his hand slid down and felt her knickers. She flooded with embarrassment. He was touching her pee soaked knickers and she suddenly felt really embarrassed about it, yet at the same time incredibly turned on. He ran his fingers up her knickers and said “hmmm, i'm not sure this all pee is it Amy”. She felt her cheeks burn red as he said this. He laughed and said “i had better investigate”.

Before she could say anything his hand slid into her knickers and his fingers ran up her slit. She moaned and squirmed at his touch. He smiled at the response and began to gently stroke her pussy. She laid back moaning as his strokes over her lips and clit sent pleasure rushing through her. The feeling of her bursting bladder coupled with the pleasure he was giving had her on the edge of orgasm in no time at all. Each time a wave of pleasure hit her she spurted pee onto his fingers. The first few times she had been so embarrassed and was worried he would find it gross or something but he didn't and she laid back and let it happen. She felt herself getting closer and closer to cumming. She was stuck, she knew if she came she would lose control and pee all over his bed but at the same time she didn't want him to stop.

Suddenly he pushed down on her bladder making her squirt pee out of her pee hole. She squealed and screamed “noooo, if you do that I will pee myself”. He looked at her and said “in that case” and pushed down again. He told her to let go. She couldn't hold it any longer and started to pee. As the pee rushed out of her pee hole he continued rubbing her clit. The pleasure went into overload and she screamed out “OH GOD JACK MAKE ME CUM”. She shocked herself. She had no idea where that had come from. He must bring out her dirty side. He rubbed faster and her back arched as she exploded in orgasm. She laid back as the feeling washed over her. The feeling of pleasure ripping through her as she pee'd everywhere was a feeling like none she had felt before.

Eventually the orgasm died down and her bladder finished emptying. She laid back panting as aftershocks hit her. As she laid back she felt wet and realised her pee puddle had spread up the sheets and was now under her back. It felt so nice and warm and she wriggled around in it. Jack laid down next to her and kissed her long and hard. She had felt embarrassed before about spurting on his fingers. Now he was laid in a puddle of her pee and she had never been more turned on in her life.

After laying for a while they went and shared a hot steamy shower together and as she was drying off he pulled the sheets off the bed and she noticed something over the mattress. She walked over and felt it. It was like a plastic cover. She asked what it was and he said “oh erm....its a hard plastic cover I put on, I used to have a soft one but it would rustle and scrunch up, this one is better”. She looked puzzled and said “OK, but why do you have a plastic cover”. He looked nervously and said “well kind of for this reason, I enjoy wetting the bed occasionally and this protects the mattress”. She laughed and said “I might have to get one for my bed, after all, I want you to do that to me again and my mattress needs protecting too, but for now lets test this one again” She said winking as she dropped her towel......

