Poor her - Page 8

Author: largebio

*175*2019-05-04 20:04

Sorry it’s been so long, I’ve been quite busy. Hope you enjoy.

###

“Just don’t piss in my car please”, Anna says.

“We’ll try”, Laura answers.

Unfortunately, the holiday’s almost over and it’s time to head home. The four girls are travelling in Anna’s car to her parent’s chateau near Paris, whilst the parents take the sisters’ family car.

To make the six hour trip more interesting, the girls have set up a little competition. They all went pee after breakfast, and can’t again until they’re in the chateau’s guesthouse. Each has to drink a bottle of water an hour.

“Ok. Let’s go”, Karolina says.

The first three hours pass by without incidents and the girls pull into a rest area for some lunch.

“Why don’t we all have a large drink with our food?”, Laura suggests.

“On top of the water?”, Natalia asks worriedly.

“Sure, why not”, Anna answers.

The girls eat their lunch and quickly hit the road again.

“I know you asked us to keep your car dry, but I don’t think I can hold it another three hours”, Natalia says.

“Yeah... About that, I don’t think I can keep my own car dry”, Anna responds. “And those leather seats are easy to clean anyway”.

Another hour passes and the girls are getting fidgety. Natalia is grabbing her crotch slightly every now and then.

She takes a sip from her bottle, immediately regretting it, as she feels her bladder aching for relief.

“I think my sister’s about to pee her pants”, Laura says. “And cheating, you should’ve finished that bottle two minutes ago”.

Natalia states at her sister, obviously annoyed.

“She’s right, you know”, Karolina says. “Gulp it down now”.

Natalia does as instructed, but the extra liquid is too much. A two second spurt escapes, creating a small wet spot on her jeans.

Both hands in her crotch, she manages to hold another five minutes.

“Oh no... oohhhh no. I think I lost the competition”, she says as a hissing sound fills the car.

Pee pools up in her lab, before overflowing, trickling down her legs. A puddle forms around her drenched butt. A cascade of pee flowinf down the seat onto the floor. Even her shoes and socks get absolutely soaked.

“Those are gonna be a long two hours, sitting in wet jeans”, Laura says to tease her sister.

“Do I still have to keep drinking?”, Natalia asks.

“Definitely”, Anna answers, “maybe you’ll pee yourself again that way”, she giggles.

But giggling was a mistake, she barely manages to stop herself from leaking. But in the process, she swerves into another lane.

A car behind the girls honks loudly.

“Maybe it’s best for everyone’s safety if you just pee yourself babe”, Karolina says.

“I think so too”, Anna says still startled.

She let’s her control slip and two minutes later, she too is wet from butt to toe.

“So relieving”, she says. “But... who’s gonna win? My giant bladdered cousinh or my iron bladdered baby?”

“Only time will tell”, Laura answers, hoping it will be her.

But an hour later, it looks like she won’t. She’s rocking back and forth in her seat, hands firmly pressed in her crotch.

“I can hold it. I can hold it”, she tells herself.

But then, a hissing sound once again fills the car.

“I’m sorry to say, but it sounds like you can’t”, Anna says.

“Oh no. That’s me, my bladder was already pretty full again. So I decided to tease my sister a little”, Natalia says.

“It...it’s not working”, Laura lies, feeling a spurt dampening her knickers.

And another. And another.

“Okay. Maybe it is”, Laura admits. “I cant stop it anymore”.

And thus three girls sit in their peed pants for the last hour of their journey.

“Looks like once again I’ve proved I have an iron bladder”, Karolina says smuggly.

“But will you make it dry?”, Anna asks.

“No way, but I’ll hold it as long as I can”.

Fifteen minutes later, it’s Anna’s turn to rewet herself. And this time it’s too much for Karolina’s bladder.

No warning spurts, no slow start. Just a gusher of a wee, for a minute and a half.

“This is now officially the wettest car in the world”, Laura jokes.

The girls laugh.

“But on a more serious note... tonight will ve the last night the four of us will spend together for a long while”, Natalia says.

“I know. It’s kinda sad. So we better make it legendary”, her cousin answers.

TO BE CONTINUED

*178*2019-05-13 19:38

“I can barely hold it any longer”, Natalia says.

“Why don’t you lean against the wall, upside down, and pee all over yourself”, Laura challenges her.

The girls have agreed to hold as much as possible, then do a challenge set by one of the others.

“I don’t think I have a choice, do I?”, Natalia answers as she follows her sister’s instructions.

A slow trickle emerges from her bare pussy, flowing down her belly and naked boobs, down her shoulders onto the floor. Then the trickle increases in size and for a minute she full on pees, until the flow subsides again.

“My hair got all wet. Yikes”, She says.

“Better wash it thoroughly then tomorrow. Or mom and dad will be asking questions”, Laura laughs.

Fifteen minutes go by, but now Anna’s bouncing up and down, firmly grabbing her pussy.

“I think it’s time to give you a challenge”, Karolina says.

“I can still hold more babe”, Anna answers just as a wave makes her double over. “Or... or not”.

“Why don’t you try to write your name on the floor”, Natalia says.

Anna quickly stands up and spreads her legs. She spreads her labia using her right hand, and starts peeing.

She motions her hips, generally spelling out her name.

“I’d call that an epic fail, cous”, Laura laughs.

“But nice try babe!”

The girls all laugh.

Fifteen minutes later, Laura is challenged by Karolina to sit on her bed and try to pee onto her own.

Laura does as instructed and sits near the edge of Karolina’s bed. She puts her feet on the edge of the mattress. She leans back a little and uses her hand to spread her labia as widely as possible.

As she starts peeing though, it goes almost straight down. But she manages to pee more forcefully. Eventually, her pee arch stretches the full meter between the two beds.

“Wow. That’s actually quiet impressive, sis”, Natalia says.

“Yeah. I’m actually surprised, myself”, Laura laughs as her powerfull stream diminishes.

“So now it’s time for the last challenge. And I’ve been looking forward to this” Anna says.

“Fire away”, Karolina says.

“I want you to sit in my lap, facing me. Then let loose”.

Karolina doesn’t hesitate, and soon she’s peeing in her girlfriend’s lap.

Turned on by her girlfriend, Anna begins to passionately kiss her.

Still peeing, Karolina pushes her girlfriend onto her back and lies on top of her.

“My cousins are watching, you know”, Anna says.

“I don’t care. I’m too horny to. I wanna fuck you right now”, Karolina replies, looking deep into Anna’s eyes.

“Don’t mind us, we’ll help ourselves”, Laura giggles.

And thus, a hot and wet night ensues. With the girls all cumming in no time at all.

TO BE CONTINUED

*180*2019-05-14 19:34

The next morning, the girls wake up in soaking wet beds. But unfortunately, it’s time to say goodbye. Laura and Natalia will be traveling their last leg home with their parents.

“Remember.... stay wet”, Anna says hugging her cousins.

“Sure will”, Laura giggles.

The girls take their seat in the backseats and soon doze off, exhausted from the lack of sleep the previous night.

Hours pass by. But then, Laura needs to pee. Badly.

“Hey sis, mind if you pull into the next rest stop? I’m almost pissing myself”, she asks.

“Sure”, Natalia answers.

But minutes later, Laura is bouncing in her seat: “I hope there’s a place to stop soon”.

“We just passed a sign. Twenty more kilometers. So about ten minutes”, Natalia says.

“Ten!, no way I’m gonna make it. I’ll just piss in the seat”.

“Whatever”.

Laura pulls her summer dress from under her butt and relaxes.

Bur then she realises something: Why is she wearing a summer dress in the middle of winter? And why is her sister driving? And where are her parents?

Just in time, she wakes up and clenches her muscles. Only a little leak escaped, dampening her knickers.

As inconspicuously as possible, she inspects her jeans’ crotch. Dry. But her need to pee is still there.

“Dad, I need to pee. Can we pull over soon?”, she asks.

“You’re in luck. Your mom and I just decided to stop for lunch. The exit’s in two kilometers. Wake your sister. I think she’ll like to have lunch, too”.

Laura wakes her sister and as soon as the car’s parked, the sisters race to the bathroom.

Both stalls are occupied and there’s a girl, around 16 years old, standing in front.

The girl obviously needs to pee, as she’s contiously crossing and uncrossing her legs.

Luckily for her, a stall opens up quickly and she barges in.

“That was kinda hot to see”, Natalia whispers.

“Absolutely. But can I please go first? My knickers are already damp”, Laura says folding ger hands in her crotch.

The other stall then opens and Laura races in. She pulls her jeans and knickers down and hovers her butt over the rather dirty toilet.

She sighs with relief as she empties her bladder.

Then the girl emerges from her stall and it’s Natalia’s turn to relieve her aching bladder.

“Just in time”, she thinks to herself.

“That was way too close. I almost had to explain mom and dad how I wet myself like a baby. And they didn’t take it kindly last time”, Laura says as the sisters are washing their hands.

“You know that girl in front of us will have to. Her crotch and butt were clearly wet. She didn’t completely make it”, Natalia says.

“Damn. I wish I’d seen that too”, Laura says.

TO BE CONTINUED

*183*2019-05-21 19:27

Back in the backseat for the last few hours, Natalia can’t stop thinking about what she just witnessed.

“I wonder what her parents said”, she thinks to herself, “did they comfort her? Or scold her? How would mom and dad react? Maybe I should try it out? No, of course not. They’ll yell at me”.

Next to her, Laura sits disappointed. Disappointed that she didn’t get to see the girl’s wet jeans. But also disappointed the holiday is over, meaning she won’t be able to have as much wet fun.

With half an hour left on their journey, the girls’ bladders have filled right back up.

As to not embarrass themselves in front of their parents, the girls start texting eachother.

“Our bladders have gone weak after all that holding and wetting”, Natalia texts.

“Absolutely. I hope dad drives fast. Or I’ll end up like that girl”.

Fifteen minutes to go. They take the exit to their city.

“Hopefully the lights are friendly”, Laura texts, struggling to hide her desperation from her parents.

But they aren’t. Ten minutes later, it’s still about ten more to go.

“I’m about to piss myself”, Laura text, inconspicuously burying her other hand in her crotch.

“Just hang on a little longer. If you lose it, I’m afraid I will too”.

Five minutes later Natalia notices her sister squeezing her legs together even tighter.

“My knickers are damp”, Laura writes.

“We’re almost there”, Natalia says reassuringly.

Seven minutes later, their dad finally parks the car in front of their home.

“Dad! Can you please open the door. I really really gotta pee”, Laura begs, feeling herself on the verge of wetting herself.

“First grab your suitcase”, he answers.

“Can’t we go pee first?”, Natalia asks.

“You heard your father”, their mom says.

Reluctantly, Natalia gets her suitcase from the trunk and Laura follows her.

Both sisters walk awkwardly, their legs tightly squeezed together.

“Please hurry dad”, Laura says feeling another spurt wetting her jeans a little. “I’m about to piss myself”.

“Just a sec”, he answers.

But it’s too late. Laura’s legs are crossed and she has a hand burried in her crotch. But it’s not enough to prevend wetness spreading across her butt.

“Laura! Are you pissing your pants like a baby?”, her mother asks.

“I told you I needed to go”, she answers as the floodgates well and truly open. “Those stupid traffic lights”, she whispers softly.

“I thought you were old enough to hold it. But I guess that’s what happens if you intentionally hold your pee too often”, her mom scolds her.

“Sorry mom”, Laura stammers.

“Can you please open the door? I - for one - would like to keep my jeans dry”, Natalia interrupts.

Her dad does as asked. But when she moves to open the bathroom door, she too starts to lose control.

In an effort to minimise the damage, she quickly seats herself on the toilet. Jeans still on and door still open.

“I thought my daughters were starting to become adults. But now, I don’t know. More like babies”, dad says.

“Just like last summer”, mom adds.

After their parents calm down a little, the girls head upstairs to clean themselves up.

“I guess we’ll have to make sure this never happens again”, Natalia says.

“Definitely. But for now, I’m glad we didn’t lose control in the car. Imagine their reaction if we ruined the seats”, Laura says.

“I’d rather not”, Natalia says.

TO BE CONTINUED

*186*2019-06-03 20:08

Recently, Natalia and Laura’s family have gotten new neighbours. A husband and wife in their mid thirties and their 7 year old daughter, Julia.

To make some extra money, Laura has accepted to babysit every now and then.

Today is a nice spring day, not too hot but the sun is shining. Laura is at a local playground with Julia and her bladder is getting quite full.

“I think it’s time to head back soon”, she thinks too herself, taking a sip from her water bottle.

But Julia is enjoying herself, playing with some other kids.

About half an hour later, Laura notices Julia is a bit fidgety.

She focuses on her neighbour, and sees her fidget more and more regularly.

“Julia, come here sweety”, Laura says.

Julia walks over to her babysitter.

“Do you need to pee hunny?”, Laura asks.

“No. I’m fine”, Julia answers sternly.

“Sure?”

“Yeah”, Julia lies.

Laura’s disappointed. Secretely, she hoped Julia would admit her need, so they could go home and she could relieve her own aching bladder.

Over the next half hour, she watches Julia getting more and more fidgety. All whilst feeling her own bladder getting more and more full.

By now, she is regretting her choice to wear jeans instead of a skirt and tights. Had she worn the latter, she’d relieved herself sitting right there on that bench, she’d just mover her skirt so it wouldn’t get wet.

But no, she was wearing jeans. And thus, she’d have to hold it.

Gazing around, she realises she could hide behind some trees and squat out of sight.

“But I can’t let Julia out of my sight”, she says to herself. “Or can I?”, she thinks as a wave hits her, causing her to squeeze her thighs tightly together.

But then, Julia comes running towards her.

“Can we go home? I really really have to go potty”, Julia pleads.

“Didn’t I just ask you if you had to go?”, Laura replies.

“I didn’t then, but I do now”.

“Okay then”, Laura says faking annoyance but actually feeling relieved.

The five minute walk home goes by silent. Julia is walking awkwardly, not remotely trying to hide her desperation.

Meanwhile, Laura is doing everything in her power not to look desperate. But she feels like she’s about to wet herself.

Then, just as they turn the corner into their street, an ice cream truck shows up.

“Can we get some ice cream? Mom said we could”, Julia begs.

Indeed, her mom did leave some cash in case the ice cream truck showed up.

“Don’t you think you should go potty first?”, Laura asks.

“But what if we come back and it’s gone?”, Julia says with a pouting face.

“Okay then. But quickly”, Laura gives in.

Already decided on what they want, they quickly order.

“Dad always says I shouldn’t eat and walk at the same time. Wanna sit on that bench?” Julia asks.

“Sure”, Laura answers feigning a smile.

The girls sit down to eat their ice cream.

Well, sitting down is not really the right term. Julia is bouncing up and down and even Laura can’t help but fidget.

Noticing her babysitter fidgetting, Julia asks whether she needs to pee too.

“No. The ice cream is just making me a bit chilly”, Laura lies.

Julia buys it.

As they finish their ice creams, the girls get up to walk to Julia’s home, just one minute down the street.

Julia walks in front of Laura, the latter noticing the former’s butt is wet.

“Why is your butt wet?”, Laura asks rhetorically.

“I really have to go potty. I pee-peed in my pants a bit. Sorry”, Julia admits.

“It’s okay. Kids have accidents sometimes. Let’s just hurry so you won’t wet your pants”, Laura says to comfort her.

“And so that I won’t wet myself either”, she thinks to herself.

The girls race home. Laura opens the door and Julia races to the bathroom.

Miraculously, she manages to get her jeans and knickers down without leaking more and soon a loud stream hits the toilet bowl.

“Please hurry. I really have to go potty too, Laura says, for the first time admitting her need.

Now hidden behind the closed door, Laura grabs herself tightly with both hands.

But the sound of Julia peeing is too much. Laura starts spurting into her knickers. The butt of her jeans quickly become visibly wet.

Then Julia flushes. Another massive spurt. Pee is now slowly trickling down the inside of Laura’s legs.

Then she hears the tap being turned on. She leaks even more. The front of her jeans are now getting wet too.

As Julia opens the door, she’s staring at her babysitter’s crotch.

Julia pushes past her, closes the door and quickly yanks her wet jeans and drenched knickers down.

“Can we keep it our little secret?”, she asks once she’s finished peeing.

“Sure. If you watch Frozen with me”, Julia answers.

“Sure. But first we should clean ourselves up”.

TO BE CONTINUED

*189*2019-06-05 19:36

Laura puts her and Julia’s clothes in the washing machine before jumping in the shower with Julia.

“You said kids have accidents sometimes. But you are a grown up. So why did you have an accident?”, Julia asks.

“Grown ups have accidents too sometimes. It’s no big deal”, Laura answers.

Julia accepts the answer and soon the girls get out of the shower and dry off.

“Can I wear my pj’s?”, Julia asks.

“Sure”.

As Julia puts them on, Laura checks the laundry.

After only twenty minutes in the washing machine, their clothes don’t smell of pee anymore and thus, she puts them in the dryer.

Then the girls head downstairs to watch Frozen.

“Why are you not wearing any clothes?”, Julia asks.

“Because they’re drying now. I’ll put them back on after the film”.

“Aren’t you cold?”

”No. I’m fine”

“Because if you are, you can borrow one of my blankets”

”Actually, I’d love that”, Laura says, feeling kinda awkward having to babysit completely naked. At least she’ll have something to cover herself now.

“When I get older, will my breasts look like yours?”, Julia asks.

Laura giggles. “Kids and their weird questions sometimes”, she thinks.

“I don’t know. All girls are different”, she answers. “Now let’s watch the film”.

The girls sit watching the film. But in the last half hour, Laura feels her bladder’s filled right back up.

”I hope it ends soon, or I’ll be having another accident”, she thinks.

With ten minutes to go, she squirms a little.

”Do you have to pee again?”, Julia asks.

”No. I’m just chilly, because I’m not wearing any clothes”.

”You said that before, and then you pee-peed in your pants”, Julia says, now seeing through the lie. “But it’s ok. I really need to go potty too”.

Julia spends the last five minutes with her right hand buried in her crotch, apparentely having no sense of shame.

Finally, the film’s over and immediately, she races to the toilet.

”I’ll go check if our clothes are dry”, Laura yells through the closed door.

She arrives upstairs pee dancing furiously. Realising she’ll never be able to wait until Julia’s finished, she hops onto the sink and empties her bladder into it.

Then, she puts her clothes back on and half an hour later Julia’s parents arrive back home.

Later that night, laying in bed, she can’t stop thinking about that day. How she had an accident and an almost accident while babysitting a seven year. It was like she was seven, instead of Julia.

But on the other hand, she feels incredibly horny, because after all, wetting herself turns her on.

TO BE CONTINUED

*192*2019-06-07 20:21

Ellen and Emma have been out to town shopping.

Just as they decide it’s time to head back home, Ellen feels a need to pee.

“Can we stop by the mcdonald’s? I really need to use a restroom”, she says.

“Sure thing”, Emma answers.

Five minutes later, they open the door to the toilet, but are immediately revolted by their disgusting state.

“I’ll hold it”, Ellen says.

“Wanna grab a milkshake?”, Emma suggests.

“Sure. Why not?”

A couple minutes later, the sisters walk back out, holding a large milkshake each. They walk back to their bikes and within five minutes they’re on their way back home.

But holding a milkshake in one hand and having bags of clothes hanging on their steering wheels is slowing them down. What would normally be a twenty minute trip might take twice as long at this pace.

As she takes the final sip from her milkshake, Ellen realises she made a mistake. Her bladder’s almost overflowing and at this pace, it’s still half an hour.

“Em..”, she stutters, “you think we can find somewhere to go between here and home. I might not entirely make it there dry”.

”We could take a little detour and try the park. Squat behind some bushes. It’s the only place I can think of”.

Slowly, the girls make their way to the local park. But the longer Ellen’s pedalling, the more desperate she gets.

Finally, they make it to the park. But it’s a sunny day, and there’s lots of people around.

“It’s way too crowded to squat. Let’s just go home”, Ellen says.

“You just said you weren’t gonna make it home. And this detour has cost us at least five minutes”, Emma replies.

“We better pick up the pace then”.

As fast as they can, the girls ride home.

“El. I have to admit, I’m getting quite full too”, Emma breaks the ten minute silence.

Ellen doesn’t respond. She’s too focussed on keeping her bladder’s content where it belongs.

“You think you can go any faster?”, Emma asks.

“If I do, I will most certainly start leaking. I guess slow and steady is the way to go”.

Another ten minutes later - about ten more from home - Ellen leaks a little.

“I changed my mind. I just leaked. Let’s sprint home. I have to make it”, she says.

The sisters immediately pick up the pace. Ellen continues to leak ever so often but only 7 minutes later, they arrive home.

Ellen - with a softball sized spot on her jeans’ crotch - immediately races to the toilet.

She doesn’t even bother closing the door before pulling her jeans and knickers down to avoid any more damage.

She seats herself on the toilet and sighs with relief, happy she mostly made it.

For Emma, the sight and sound of her younger sister relieving herself is almost too much. In one swift motion, she pulls her jeans and knickers down too at hops onto the sink.

“You know... me just making it and you having a wet spot had made my think we should really meet up with Natalia, Laura and Anna sometime soon”, Emma says while relieving herself in the sink.

“We really should”, Ellen answers.

TO BE CONTINUED

*195*2019-06-09 20:29

It’s a hot spring day. And Laura is babysitting Julia again.

To get some relief from the heat, Laura has set up a little inflatable pool for Julia to play in. She herself is laying on a plastic lounge chair in her red and white polka dot bikini, working on her tan.

After a couple of hours, Julia gets out of the pool and heads to the door.

“Where are you going?”, Laura asks.

“I really need to go potty”, Julia answers.

“But you’re all wet. You’ll make the entire house wet. Why don’t you just pee through your bikini onto the tiles”.

“I can’t pee-pee myself again”, Julia says.

“But all girls, big and small, pee their bikinis. I do too. Just watch”, Laura answers, relaxing her muscles.

But just as she’s about to let go, her phone rings.

“Heyyy”, she hears, “it’s us. Emma and Ellen”.

“Wow. It’s been way too long”, Laura responds.

“It has. But we were thinking about you and your sis and cous yesterday, when we almost had accidents coming back from a shopping trip”, Ellen says before the sisters tell what happened yesterday.

“Glad you two made it”, Laura then says. “Actually, I’m peeing myself right now”.

She just didn’t feel like holding it any longer. And in order to set an example for Julia, she decided to let go.

“You naughty girl. What are you wearing?”, Emma asks.

“Bikini. I’m here suntanning in my neighbours’ garden. Babysitting their seven year old girl”.

“And where’s the girl?”, Ellen asks.

“Watching. I told her it’s perfectly normal to pee your bikini”.

“Haha. Teaching her young I hear”, Ellen laughs.

The girls then agree to call later that night so they can talk to Natalia and Anna too.

“See. I just peed myself. No big deal”, Laura says to Julia after she hung up.

Hesitantly, Julia relaxes her muscles. At first nothing happens, but then a trickle appears from her crotch.

“See. There you go”, Laura says proudly. “And you don’t even have to dry off and walk all the way over to the toilet. Cool right?”

“Yeah. Cool”, Julia replies calmly before getting back in the pool.

TO BE CONTINUED

*198*2019-06-10 19:28

That night Emma and Ellen, Laura and Natalia and Anna set up a video chat.

“Before we start, Emma and Ellen should meet Karolina. She’s my girlfriend”, Anna says.

“Nice to meet you”, the sisters say.

They then proceed by re-telling their just made it story from yesterday.

“So that’s why we thought we should meet up”, Emma concludes. “Karolina, are you okay?”

”Oh yeah. I just really need to pee. But Anna is in charge of my bladder today, so I’ll have to hold it...another 26 minutes”, Karolina answers.

“And she still got a stain on her pants from not making it to her previous toilet break”, Anna adds.

Karolina stands up to show the stain to the other girls.

“Woww. Looks like you peed a lot”, Laura says.

“I was soaked. And I’m almost soaking myself again. Can I please go baby?”, she begs.

“No. We agreed on 21:30, so you’ll have to last till then. Or pee your pants again. But then I’ll have to punish you”, Anna answers cheekily.

“Now, while we wait, anyone got some good desperation stories?”, Ellen asks.

Laura proceeds by telling how she and Julia ended up with wet pants after their morning at the park.

“Ohhh. All this talk about peeing and wetting has caused me to leak”, Karolina says.

“Still fifteen minutes to go”, Anna says.

Karolina shows a dime sized wet spot on her pants:” I’m pretty sure I won’t make it”.

“Sounds like you found a new wetting protege” Natalia says to her sister.

“I already got her to wet her bikini”, Laura laughs, “just like I did today”.

“How about you, Anna?Still wetting the bed?”, Emma asks.

“Every single night. Me and Karo just love doing it”, Anna answers.

“No..nooo”, Karolina exclaims. She stands up, both hands in her crotch. But despite that, pee is clearly flowing down her thighs. She’s full on wetting herself.

“Looks like someone’s gonna get punished”, Laura says.

“Anyone got any good ideas?”, Anna asks.

“She has to wear her wet pants overnight, rewetting them whenever she feels an urge”, Ellen suggests.

“And right now, you should finger her, but deny her orgasms”, Laura adds.

“Sounds like a deal”, Anna says while sliding her left hand into her girlfriends pants.

For another 30 minutes, the girls discuss when and where they should meet up for some fun time together. The whole time, Anna keeps fingering her girlfriend softly.

TO BE CONTINUED
