Akiko Nakagawa in 1953

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2013-04-18 13:24

I decided to give this a try since so many people seem to be into this.

Please vote and let me know if there is anything else that is not in the votes you'd like to see happen. The difference of my CYOA and the others on this site, that I've read to date, is that my story will actually be about someone trying to get ahead in life. You are not just trying to get to the bathroom in time, or trying to fight all the time. LOL

Akiko didn't remember when her family moved from Japan to America or exactly why, but what she did know, that now, at the age of thirty, she was not any better off than most Mexican or African-Americans who were looking for work in the deep south, and in someways, she was worse off because there were so few Asians, and everyone seemed to want to keep to keep to their own kind in the Georgia.

She was two days late behind with her room rent, and she had just lost her job as a cleaning girl for one of the rich people in town. She really had no idea of what she could do. Of course, she only had a high school education, and she really didn't have any connections left in town. Her parents moved back north a couple years ago because the south was really hard on them, and she didn't have any real friends around at this time.

Akiko sighed. She had to find a job or at least some money today, or she would lose her room for sure, and then would have to sleep outside. Luckily, she had a donut left this morning, and some coffee and milk. Now, what should she do? Look in the newspapers for something, something that normally took a skill and a skin color both of which she didn't have, or should she just walk down the street for some help wanted signs or something? Maybe she could even try one of her crazy friends that used to talk to her to see if she had any ideas.

Remember, this is around 1953. That means there is LOTS and LOTS of discrimination, and many people often mistaken her for a young teenaged Mexican or lightly color African-American. There aren't that many Asians in this part of the country for the purpose of this story. What will you have Akiko do?

1. Search the news paper for a skilled job.

2. Search the streets for help wanted signs

3. Contact an old 'crazy' friend to see if she has any ideas.

*003*2013-04-18 21:48

Akiko paced around a moment in the morning, glancing from the newspaper that she had gotten about ten minutes ago and out the window thinking about the most effective way of getting a job or at least some money to pay for another night or two at her current room. She was sipping on some coffee, and thinking when an idea came to her. Maybe an old friend, Anna, might know of a place she could work. Anna had helped her out once before, and they were good friends growing up.

"I'm not even sure if she lives there anymore," Akiko scolded herself. But as she took another look outside at the prospects of going out there among those people, and wandering from Help wanted to Help wanted store, she knew that it was going to be hell. If there was even a chance that Anna was where she last remembered, and that she could help, then it was certainly worth the call. She went to her purse and looked in it hoping to have the nickel she needed for the call. She was in luck. She had exactly one nickel.

She dressed herself respectfully enough to be seen outside in a blouse that covered her arms fairly well and a skirt that went down past her legs, and some white socks and black dress shoes, then she finished her coffee and walked out of her room towards the lobby of this little hole that she lived in to use the pay phone. The good part of where she lived, was that no white man would set foot in there, which meant she would not be rushed off of the phone by one. She walked into the lobby and by luck, found the only phone unoccupied.

She placed the nickel on the phone to show that she was paying for the call, and then dialed the number.

'Please be home,' she thought to herself as she waited for the operator to come on so she could tell the name and number she meant to call. "Please be home," she breathed out loud.

"Anna Cassillas," a voice came from the other side after the operator had connected her.

"Anna! It's me, Katie!"

"Katie!"

"Um... do you still live near where you used to?"

"Yeah, why?"

"Can we possibly meet today and talk? I wouldn't bother you, but I don't really know where else to turn."

"Sure. How about at that old cafe we used to like to go to?"

Katie frowned. She hated that cafe these days because since she had become an adult, she could see the way they treated people 'like her,' and right now was the worst time to be caught up by such places. However, she didn't feel as though she had much choice, and it wasn't like they'd treat Anna much better, so she was sure that Anna must have just wanted to go there for convenience.

"Alright," she said after a long pause. "But they don't let me sit near the front anymore."

"I know," Anna said. "They've changed their attitude ever since I turned sixteen, but they are still the nicest place I know of that will even let us in."

"Alright."

After she had let her friend go, she ran to the office and put the nickel under the glass for the attendant and then back upstairs to fix her hair a little better. She braided it and then wrapped it in like a bun around the back of her head. Once she was happy with her appearance, she grabbed her purse, keys, and anything else she might need, walked out locking her room, and down to catch the bus.

Like everywhere else, the bus had signs that said if you were 'colored' meaning non-white, you had to sit in the back if there was even room to sit. Most of the time, you had to stand even if there was only one white man in the back. She climbed aboard the bus and walked to the back where she found several non-white people sitting and nervously watching to see who got on the bus.

Akiko just stood because it was less troublesome if a white did come aboard.

She was relieved to arrive at the cafe without much trouble on the bus or as she walked down the streets. She walked around to the back, where the secondary entrance was, and waited for a table which wasn't very long. It was still too early in the day for most people. Besides, it seems that Anna had beaten her, and had left word for them to look for her, so that she didn't have to worry about it at all.

As she really wasn't hungry, she didn't care how long they took to serve her. They always seemed to take at least thirty minutes to an hour to serve the back area even if they didn't look busy.

"So, what is it?" Anna got right to business. "Do you need a place to stay?"

"Not exactly, or at least not yet," Akiko blushed. "But what I do need is a job. I've been trying to find think about the best course, and then I remembered that you work at a very large factory of sorts. Do you think they might hire me?"

"Well, I don't see why not, but you better be willing to work without breaks and very long hours, if you want to work there."

"I am," Akiko said. "I've been out of work for too long, and I'm really scared that I won't be able to find anything else."

"Alright, go to this address. There is a man by the name of Lynchwood that owns the factories, but he'll never come and check on them himself. The people at this address that I gave you do all of his business for him for the cotton and yarn factory. Make sure you bring extra clothes with you when you come and wear pads."

"Why?"

"Because, there are no breaks except when they tell you. They don't care why you want one, they won't give you one no matter what."

Akiko looked at her and then she remembered a long time ago, how her mother had come home smelling bad often from work.

"Oh," she said a little nervous about that.

It was about two hours later, when her friend left and she was faced with a choice.

1. Go to the address and get the cotton factory job.

2. Check Help Wanted signs outside of stores.

3. Check the newspaper

*007*2013-04-20 13:06

Akiko walked out of the café with a sigh. She did need a job, and she knew what it would be like if she went hunting in the stores with help wanted signs. They would likely tell her they’d consider it, probably yell at her for disturbing them, and in the end, she would be lucky if even one of them called her back.

She also imagined what the newspaper ads would be like. They would eventually get around to her ethnicity, and even if they didn’t on the phone, then when they were talking to her in person, they would scold her for wasting time, and then they would likely not even call her.

That was why she had decided to call her friend in the first place, so she might as well take her friend up on the lead even if the place was a bit like slavery, at least they might give her enough money that she wouldn’t lose her room.

She walked to the bus thinking about what to wear for the interview. Her friend had forgotten to tell her if she should wear anything specific, but if she knew anything about finding a job, it was important to look your best. So, that would mean she would dig through and find her nice white skirt and black blouse. She would take a shower, not because she felt dirty in the slightest, but just as a precaution so that they couldn’t complain of any imaginary smells coming from her, though they might anyway.

The bus wasn’t much longer than five minutes from the time she got there to wait for it, and she walked aboard to find one white man way in the back sitting with his head down as if sleeping. Of course, he would be asleep or even pretending. He didn’t want to be disturbed, and he probably thought it was his right to make non-whites stand all over town. What did she care?

Akiko arrived at her bus stop about ten minutes later, departed the bus and started to walk towards her one room apartment to get ready. She could feel the morning sun nearing the middle of the sky, and that meant that noon was approaching. Even if the man thought she was lazy for waiting until noon to come looking, she had to give it a try today. She was desperate for a job, so that she could delay the rent for a week. It was in the lease that as long as she could produce some document that she had changed jobs, they would give her a week, the normal time it took for most jobs to pay you your first wage.

She walked up to her room and found a notice on her door.

“If you do not make arrangements by the end of the day today, you will have to move out tomorrow morning. Your rent is already a month behind.”

She nodded at the note as she folded it up and put it in her purse. She unlocked the door and walked to the bathroom to get ready. Well, now she certainly hoped that God, whatever he was made from, would help her. She would pray the Christian way, the Buddhist way, or any other way she could, if she knew how. For now, all she knew was to say, “Please, God, let them have something for me.”

She got her shower, and then dressed herself as nicely as possible. It was going to be a long day, she just knew it. The plant was out of town a ways, and she knew that the bus would only take her so far. She thought about asking someone for a ride, but who? Her friend didn’t have a car, as far as she knew.

She was resigned to take the bus as far as it would go. In all, the bus ride was a two hour ride, but she barely felt the time slipping away. Then she started walking along the highway. She hoped that it wouldn’t take as long as it seemed it would.

Akiko looked up at the sun and realized that it was already heading into the mid-afternoon, and she wasn’t sure she would get to the job in time, let alone, get back to the room in time. Maybe she was going to lose her room after all, regardless of whether she got the job. She shook her head. Either way, this job was all she had going for her at the moment.

As she walked along, a small truck pulled over ahead of her, and a white man got out of the truck. She didn’t know what he wanted, but she kept on walking hoping he wouldn’t bother her. She didn’t have time for crossing the road games. She had to get to that factory before the office closed.

“You going somewhere?” the man called to her.

Akiko looked up at him a little surprised.

“Well, are you?”

“Yeah, I mean, yes sir.” She blushed. “I’m trying to get to Lynchwood’s cotton and yarn factory.”

“If you don’t mind riding in the back of the truck, I can take you.”

Akiko nodded. She didn’t think she had anything to lose at this point, and the man seemed nice enough.

He helped her into the pick-up and drove up the road. As it turned out, he was one of the inspectors for Mr. Lynchwood, and therefore, he was going to that very place. When he parked, not more than twenty minutes later, he helped her out of the truck and then they walked into the office building together.

“What’s this?” one of the other white men asked the man with the truck.

“She said she was coming here, so I gave her a lift. Do you have a problem with that?”

“No, not really. So, if you’ll just sit tight, miss,” he had turned his attention to Akiko. “We’ll be with you in a minute. Right now, I have something important to do.”

Akiko nodded and sat trying to look her best though her skirt and blouse had gotten some dust on them from the road trip.

It seemed like an hour later, but the man did come back, the one that worked at the office that is.

“How can I help you then, miss?”

“My friend said you might be hiring,” she looked up at him trying to be polite and smile. “I’ll work really hard.”

“What happened to your last job?”

“They didn’t need me anymore. That’s all I know,” she said truthfully.

“I see. Well, we make yarn here out of cotton. Have you ever spun cotton before?”

“Once or twice when I was young, I’ve tried it,” she said honestly.

“Then you know it’s tedious work. You will have to finish a certain quota each day before you can go home. You will be paid according to the quotas you make each day.”

Akiko nodded.

“Then, I think I can use someone, even if we have to train you a bit. If you wait here, I’ll get the papers for you to fill out to begin work.”

Akiko nodded.

“You can begin this evening.”

Akiko now knew that she was going to lose her room. There was no way she’d be back to discuss anything or arranging anything. She sighed and sat as she waited for him to bring her some papers.

Akiko looked up at the clock noting that it was already nearing three. What was she going to do about a place to stay or her things at her room? Surely, before she got back the next morning, the manager will lock her stuff up so she can’t get it.

Only a moment or two had she been able to think of that before the man brought out some papers for her to fill out. He looked at her attire though and frowned.

“You do know that working in a factory, and that spinning cotton is a dusty job, don’t you?”

Akiko nodded.

“And you planned to wear that to work in?” he asked.

“No sir. I just thought I should look my best for an interview.”

“I see. Well, do you have any other clothes with you?”

“Yes sir, I have another skirt and work shirt in my bag.”

“A skirt?” he laughed. “I don’t mean to tell you how to do your job, but really, this is no place for a skirt. Tell you what, I’ll lend you a pair of jeans for tonight, but tomorrow come dressed for work, alright?”

Akiko nodded though she wasn’t sure how she’d do that if she lost her things.

The man’s name turned out to be Mr. Brice West, but she would rarely actually see him. He was mostly just the office clerk, who talked to buyers and customers. He would rarely see the factory floor at all.

Akiko started filling in the information, but when it came to address, she paused uncertain if she should put her current room or not. There being no better answer, however, and that being the same with a phone, she guiltily filled them in. It seemed to take nearly an hour to work through the paper work, all the while, Brice was watching her with interest.

Now, finally, as the clock neared four, the man took her papers from her, and called for someone to give her a tour.

Akiko sat waiting, a little nervously, biting her pinky on her left hand as she waited. She looked so much like a little girl like that, that some of the passers-by thought she was cute. Still, no one talked to her as children in those days were seen and not heard, and more so if you were not a white child. At least, if you knew what was good for you.

It seemed to take nearly fifteen minutes for a tall black man to come out with a white hat on.

“Matt Cunningham? This young lady is one of your new charges. See to it that she gets to work, and someone trains her.”

“Yes, mastah,” the blackman said in his heavy southern accent. “I be getting the pretty miss settled in as quick as the wind.”

“Good man,” and the pair of them were off leaving the white man behind.

“Excuse me, um, is it Mr. Cunningham?”

“Yes, ma’am,” the man responded with a smile. “That be me.”

“Can you first show me to a place I can freshen up?”

“You don’ts needs no freshing up, ma’am. You quite a pretty girl as you are,” he said without shame.

“I don’t mean that,” Akiko said. “But um… how else am I to politely ask for a moment to… um…you know.”

“No, I don’ts know,” Matt said rather thickly. “I just knows they said shows you to your workstation and gets you a trainer, so I be doing it. If you need something, speak up, miss.”

What should Akiko do now?

Just follow him and forget trying to get to the bathroom. Follow the man and start leaking in her pants on purpose. Remember, these are not even her pants. Ask him outright where the toilets are, and demand to go to one.

Also if anyone has any interesting twists they want to share for me to think about, please PM, don't use the thread for that, if that's okay.

*011*2013-04-21 11:34

Akiko cleared her throat as the man started to walk her down towards the workstation. She wanted to ask him something urgently, but was a little nervous to do so.

"Yes?" Matt asked asked as he looked into her eyes.

"I... I have to do something privately, okay? It's just going to take a second." In the 1950s and 1960s, it was still rather rude for a woman to come out and say she had to take a piss, so they had many round about ways to ask, but it seemed that Matt was being rather thick about this. Her expression was quite often used when she first asked him, and she wondered if he was just being thick on purpose or if he really had that little of experience with the ladies.

"Privately?" Matt's brows knitted nearly coming together in thought. "What could you?" then he smiled. Akiko could actually see the moment that realization was forming in his face. "Yeah, that's something you should definitely do before you start work. You must never ask for a break during the shift as they will take that wrong and think you want to quit. I'll show you where you can go, then."

Matt took her all the way to the back of the main store building, it was rather a walk. He waited outside the door for her, and when she finally came out, her face full of relief, he gestured ahead of himself.

"Well, that was a very long second," he teased. "We could be in trouble for taking so long to get you to your station, but as it's your first day, they might forgive us this once. Just make sure you always take care of this in the future only during your breaks and before your shift. Never ask to go during your working time."

It took them ten minutes to get from the bathroom to the factory.

Ms. Smith, a tall black woman with a bun at the top of her head met the two coming in.

"You two were supposed to be here minutes ago," she said. "Now, The young Nakagawa is already behind in her work, might have to finish through her break."

"Sorry," Matt said. "She just had to take care of something private."

"Something she could tell a man but not me?" Ms. Smith asked raising her eyebrows.

"No ma'am. She wouldn't have told me, but I was walking with her, and I'm too much a gentleman to tell you where I had to take her."

Ms. Smith let it drop.

"Fine, Ms. Nakagawa, your spinner is right there," she pointed between two other women, both of who were African-Americans. Most of the women in this factory were 'black' a term that was common in that day, and which was actually considered a kind term compared to other things they might have said.

Akiko nodded and sat down at the spindal.

"You know nothing about these things?" Mrs. Smith asked her.

"Oh, I know a little about them. I used one when I was younger."

"Good. Once you make the threads, then I'll show you how to turn it into yarn," the woman explained. "You have to make fifty feet of yarn each shift. You may not go home until that quota is done, and you'll be paid $2.00 for fifty feet. Later, your quota will increase, but so will your pay. Do we understand each other?"

Akiko nodded.

"Good. I'll be over there in the office, so if you have any trouble, you just come and knock on the glass. I'll arrange for any problems to be solved like if your spinner has some problems or if you run out of cotton. Get to work."

Mrs. Smith walked away from them, and towards her office. She seemed to be acting like a boss of some kind which sort of surprised Akiko, but she didn't say anything as she sat down to get to work. Once she was gone, and in the office, however, one of the black women next to Akiko sighed and started to talk very low.

"She thinks she's so bad just because the people in charge put her over us, but they don't really think she's any different than the rest of us. She don't know it, but she's a real joke!" she pointed out to the room at large.

Many of the women seemed to agree and voice it very quietly. The way they quietly talked about Ms. Smith, Akiko felt a little reluctant to join in. It was bad mannered to talk about your employers like that when without them, you wouldn't even have a job. She just kept quiet scared to rock the boat. That was something about being Japanese. You never stuck out, if you could help it.

"So, we got ourselves an Asian in the factory!" one of the women next to her called out. "Didn't they call you Ms. Nakagawa. That ain't no Mexican name."

Akiko nodded in agreement. "I'm Japanese."

"You speak it?" the woman next to her asked.

"Yes, I'm more comfortable speaking Japanese than English," she confessed though there didn't seem to be anything wrong with her pronunciation.

"Well, whatever that woman said about you should go get help from her, you really better not," the woman next to Akiko said. "I'm Karen, and I don't mind telling y'all that it's a trap. They get rid of women by giving them little tests like that. If you run out of cotton, you should just take some from my bag. As long as you have fifty feet done by the end of your shift, they won't complain."

Akiko wasn't sure about this Karen character. She was told to ask for help if she needed it, and Karen was telling her that she shouldn't because she might be fired. Well, who had the authority to fire her, Karen or Ms. Smith?

"I'm sorry," Akiko looked down. "But I am thinking I have to ask the office first before I take from your bag. It is custom in Japan that we trust our employer."

Karen shrugged. "Suit yourself."

The other women around her acted as if she said something evil, and it made her feel very small. Maybe she should listen to them. If they were all doing the same thing, then it might look bad on them if she was the only one that went to the office for them. She just hoped she didn't run out of cotton and have to really make that choice.

A couple of hours in, while everything seemed to be going smoothly, Akiko had about sixty feet of string spun, but to make fifty feet of yarn, they actually needed about three hundred feet of string. (No, I don't really know how yarn is made, I'm making it all up, just pretend I know what I'm talking about, please). She didn't know how she'd ever get enough string by the end of her shift, and have the yarn done too! Around her, many of the women were already working on what seemed like 200 or 300 feet of string. It had been a while, but she didn't think she was that slow.

She started to get nervous, and realized that she had to speed up. She tried to get the wheel spinning faster, and using her hands, twisted the cotton as fast and straight as she could, but it started to get out of shape, and she had to stop and correct some mistakes as some of it started to look fatter here and too thin to hold together there. It was really hard to go that fast.

It wasn't but a few more minutes after she realized that she was behind, that a smell came from the girl on the other side of her, not Karen. She looked at the woman who didn't even seem to flinch, or let on anything was wrong, but Akiko was sure that she smell strangely. She looked down at the woman's lap, but it wasn't exactly any different from what it should be. She had on dusty jeans which were quite covered in lint just as her own were. There was nothing to see there. The floor around her was dry. Moments later, Akiko even though she heard a faint 'schurr' sound from under the very same woman, but still, nothing could be seen. This had distracted her for a few moments from her work, and she realized that rather than being worried about a strange smell or some sound that she couldn't identify, she should be working!

The problem, was that after the noise that she couldn't identify had finished, the smell was stronger, and Akiko was tempted to plug her nose though it might be rude because not only would it mean that she noticed that the other woman smelled, but it would make others aware of her predicament if there was something off about her. Not only that, but if she used one hand to plug her nose, then she couldn't work. Oh, she had to get back to work and stop thinking about what she was smelling or hearing. Even though it felt strange to smell the weird unidentified smells, she had to work through it or she would not be even close to her quota by the end of the shift.

Two more hours of quiet passed when Karen spoke in whispers again so that she could be sure that Ms. Smith wouldn't hear them.

"This is really crazy the way they make us work without breaks," the woman whispered. "Four hours in, and I'm sure that among the nearly fifty of us, some of us are already wet, right?"

No one actually nodded. Everyone was either too ashamed to saw it was them, or too polite to point out their neighbors, Akiko thought. Actually, wasn't it a bit impolite to even say such a thing, let alone not even lady-like to say this in a room full of strangers? Then she realized, maybe she was the only stranger in the room. Who knew how long the women had been working together before Akiko came. There were no men in this part of the factory, the whole group of them were stuck all day together.

Akiko looked down not wanting to say that the girl next to her, Vivian, smelled like she was one of them. There was no proof except for the smell, but Akiko now knew what that smell was, and wondered how the woman was being able to hide it. She looked around at the other ladies, but none of them seemed to be standing out as being wet either.

Karen's hands were quickly at work, even as she spoke.

"So, you know my idea," she continued after a few minutes of quiet while those that had wet their pants contemplated what she was talking about. Something that Akiko was only just about to learn. "I want to form a union."

Akiko wasn't really sure what a union was since she had never worked for a factory before.

"I want us to think about standing up to our bosses, demanding fair pay for our work, better working conditions, and breaks more frequently."

Some of the women nodded, but Akiko among a few others, seemed reluctant to give any kind of answer. It was soon apparent who the lead of the girls was, when the office wasn't watching. Karen was not only an organizer, but she was kind and she seemed to know everything about everyone. This was apparent when the woman next to her started to shiver, and Karen took a moment from her work, went to the other side of the room where Akiko learned the cotton was actually stored so that she didn't even have to ask for help in getting it, and she pulled a quilt from a cubby and put it over the woman's lap.

"It's okay, Maria," Karen said. "We are all in the same boat. Just go. They can't do no worse to you if you wet your pants than if you don't, and it's impossible to wait all night."

Maria nodded and whispered thanks.

Karen turned from the shaking woman, apparently she still couldn't relax, and Akiko knew that she would feel the same way. But Karen continued with trying to rally the others.

"We have to show these people that we ain't no animals! We have to have certain rights like in the constitution!"

A few of the women nodded in agreement.

Akiko was beside herself. It was wrong to fight your employers. They were the ones that paid you, and it could cost you not only your job, but what if they said something bad about your performances to other companies. You wouldn't be able to work. Still, she felt too scared to speak up and tell anyone what she thought. She just sat there hoping something would make this tense moment pass.

She nervously worked on her strings. And cutting through the whirl of the machines and the voice of Karen's rebellion, after several moments, a sound of water hitting the floor and some gasps from Maria could be heard. It was all Akiko had to concentrate on to block out the tension of the moment. She could feel her face heat up as she sympathized with the young Mexican woman. She knew she'd die if it was her that had peed her pants in front of everyone. It was obvious that she had not gotten the same thing that Vivian had to hide her problem.

Vivian was also quiet. She worked silently as did most of the girls. When Karen thought she saw the door to the office opening, she became suddenly quiet. Her string pile was the longest, so that when they came out to check on them, no one even suspected that Karen was up to ill.

However, while inspecting, they came across Maria who had a quilt over her lap but a huge puddle under her chair.

"This one has peed her pants again," one of the three assistants that helped Ms. Smith pointed her out.

"Take her to the back and get her ready," Ms. Smith said her eyes shining. Why were her eyes shining? Was that a tear about to come down her face? No, her face was too stern. She didn't care about Maria or anyone else.

"That one's wet too," came a sound of an assistant across the room. A black girl not much older than high school aged stood up with a very embarrassed face and everyone could see her pants were just soaked.

"Take them both away." Ms. Smith turned to look at a wall. "Then come back and check that they have enough cotton. It is almost time for them to start working on the yarn."

She walked back to her office while the two girls that had gotten caught wet, were taken from the room. Akiko wanted to ask where they were being taken, but she was scared. She felt like they were going to get in trouble. No one in the room seemed to like the sound of them being taken to the back. Indeed, Vivian had gasped when the first girl was found out, and she closed her eyes and seemed to pray when the woman came up behind her, and seemed to relax again when she was passed over.

Though Ms. Smith said it was almost time to start working on the yarn, Akiko noted that it seemed as if it was forever before they came back to line the women up with their bags of string. It had been at least two more hours, and one more girl was taken to the back as they started to stand up. By then, tears coming from the faces of the two woman that had been picked out earlier, they had returned and somberly taken their places to start working again, though in dry jeans.

Akiko was sure she had nowhere near enough string for fifty feet of yarn, but she took her place in line and no one seemed to check how much she really had done.

They walked down the hall, and into a large cafeteria-like place. The three assistants stayed with the girls the whole time they were there, and they all lined up at a counter where they were given brown sacks and glasses of tea. Each girl took the sack with gratitude and nodded thanks. Each took the tea as though it was precious and delicate, and they walked to tables where they were assigned where to sit and eat.

Vivian was sitting next to Akiko and she opened her brown bag.

There were two sandwiches and an apple for each person in the bags. They could go up and have as much tea as they wanted. Akiko was very grateful for the meal for she had not even thought to bring a lunch, not that she had any money or food at her former room for one. She looked at the clock in the room. It was now way too late to call the manager, but still, maybe she could try.

She raised her hand to try to get the attention of one of the assistants.

One came right to her.

"What is it?"

"I need to use the phone," she said. "It's about my rent, I have to call them."

"Your rent? You're behind, right?"

Akiko's face blushed. "Just let me call, please?"

"No. Phones are off limits during working hours. You can call tomorrow when you get off of work."

Akiko's shoulders sagged as she nodded. It would be too late by then, but that was her problem. She just started to eat.

What would she do:

1. Try to sneak to the phones before lunch is over.

2. Just accept that she will have no room the next day.

