The Joys of High School

Author: cjm3rcl1n3

*000*2017-03-20 01:33

The Joys of High School By C.J. Mercline

Part 1:

It was the end of another long day of High School, and the end of Phys. Ed. (aka “Gym”), which was perfect for Junior Jake, who liked having the locker room to himself. He could take naughty wets anywhere he liked, such as some of the lockers, a sink or two that was plugged up, but especially all over the floor. If no other option was available, he could simply pee in the showers like most of the other boys did, which was fine with him. 

Jake secretly enjoyed watching the others do their liquid business, and letting them watch him, if they were so inclined, observing the different ways their wee streams gushed from their various cocks. He wasn't gay, or even bicurious, it was just that he had never seen or heard any woman wetting, for himself, that is. He would go online whenever he got the chance, to view the dizzying array of sites of women wetting, but had never been lucky enough to see or even hear it for himself. He liked watching and listening to the urinating, no matter who was doing it, young men or young women. He had a peeing fetish.

On other days, however, his weeing was a lot more fun. Every now and again, his care-free peeing would be so incredible that he simply couldn’t wait until he got home, and jacked off in the locker room, letting the ecstasy build in a matter of minutes, until he exploded all over the place, and practically fainted from the sheer abandonment of his orgasm.

On this day, he decided to wait. Or so he hoped.

The rain was still coming down in sheets, as it had been for most of the day. Jake was getting pretty desperate, but wanted to wait until the last possible moment, which was fast approaching, particularly watching the rain pour down. Days like this, Jake sometimes wished that he could pee an endless stream like the Heavens did. Then he would realize that that wouldn’t actually be a good thing, because then he wouldn’t be able to bring himself to orgasm after his piss. Oh, well.

He was still wearing his Gym shorts, on purpose, of course. His wetting was made easier by his never wearing any underwear, especially with his Gym shorts. It was just so much more comfortable going commando all the time. And easier to pee, of course. His swim shorts were the best for his wetting fun, but those memories were better to be savored for another day.

During the last few moments before he completely lost control, he tried to decide if he wanted to stand up or sit down to do his business. Either way worked well. Standing up, his piss ran straight down his pant or short leg to pool at his feet, but sitting down, he could let his cock hang over the edge of his seat, feeling the cold of it counter the warmth of his penis, and his pee.

Jake decided to sit down today, needing the shock of the temperature difference to keep his arousal until later, when he could get the chance to play with himself, as was only proper. Pulling his shorts opening up to his balls, he let his schlong hang out into the open air, down between his thighs. The cold air he was exposing himself to was too much for his body. He had barely set himself in position when his body over-rode his brains’ commands, and his bladder completely let go. Rather than starting out as a trickle, as usually happens, his relief came gushing out of his pee slit, hosing the floor of the locker room with his hot, golden juices.

The wonderful feeling of spraying his liquid gold powerfully all over the floor beneath him was euphoria. His relief seemed to last for hours, but actually only lasted just over a minute, due to the strength of his pee stream. The other reason that his piss stream was starting to wane was because of the hard-on that he was invariably developing. Once done, Jake had no choice but to follow through with a quick wank. He didn’t even bother pulling his shorts off, but instead started pulling and stroking as he was. It didn’t take him long before he came, in a white-hot blaze of glory, spraying his jizz all over the puddle he had just made, which was huge.

After a brief rest, and avoiding the messy puddle, which was already cooled, Jake changed back into his jeans, after cleaning off his joystick, his personal name for the most intimate part of himself. Then he left, with the memory of his recent naughtiness settling into the back of his mind, ready to be retrieved later, for a longer and better masturbation session, where Jake could get fully undressed, and take his time, really enjoy himself, rather than rushing to orgasm, like he just did.

Part 2:

Jake didn’t usually plan his naughty wetting; it was, more often than not, an opportunistic pee, especially when he held it in longer than he should, sometimes to the point of being in pain.

One day, when he was enjoying dinner at a decent restaurant, he didn’t want to bother wasting time going to the men’s room when he needed a pee. Since he had a table to himself with a tablecloth on it, and there was hardly anybody around, the closest being some yards away, Jake decided to piss in secret, under his table.

Unzipping his pants with one hand, he pretended to continue eating with the other, to throw off anybody suspecting him, even though nobody was paying him the slightest bit of attention. You could never be too careful when performing naughty acts in public. He also kept an eye out for employees, especially his waitress. As cute as the girl was, he did not want her to run away screaming, or worse, reporting him to management, or, more importantly, the police. He was seriously considering finding out if she was single, but would hold off telling her about his fetish for a long while, until she seemed ready to listen, without thinking he was some kind of sick freak, as so many people thought.

Pulling out his cock, he let it hang between his legs, aiming its tip, as best as he could, at the carpeted floor. Still pretending to eat, and watching for any trouble, Jake released the hold on his bladder, enjoying the feel of his effluent as it coursed its way from his bladder, down his urethra, and finally exiting out his pee slit. Over the mild drone of chatting and muzak and the constant clack of silverware on dishes and glasses clinking, Jake could barely even hear the sound of his piss as it covered the carpet between his feet and almost immediately started to cool. His hidden pee took nearly a minute-and-a-half before slowing down, then coming to an end.

After shaking the last few drops from his glans, he tucked his engorging penis back into his pants, with difficulty, since he was getting hard. Not a moment too soon, for just as he brought his hand back to his drink, his über-cute waitress came back to see how he was doing. Jake didn't think that she suspected him. She certainly didn't look at him askance in a bad way. As a matter of fact, he noticed that she might be looking interested in him, never noticing the slight hint of wetness trailing down her slender legs.

He decided to chat her up, and ask her if she was seeing someone, and to his delight, she had been single for a long while, saying she had troubles finding a guy that wasn't either a jerk or a loser. Even better, she was ending her shift in an hour, so they agreed to hook up later, to learn more about each other. And maybe something better might come up!

Part 3:

Waiting at the pre-determined spot for Carissa, his new waitress friend, Jake remembers some of his more fond moments of his wetting exploits.

Usually, a lot of it happened at his friends’ houses, especially if they had a pool. He made sure to fill his tank, as it were, before he went over with his swim shorts and a towel. After getting changed, either in the bathroom, or in a friend’s bedroom, with his friend, seeing as how neither he nor any of his pals were shy about their bodies amongst each other; he would then slip into the pool and swim for a few minutes, before peeing in the water. He was never concerned about “polluting” the water, because he knew that the people could not tell what he was doing – even though most of the families did the same thing, sometimes obviously. Especially considering that human urine was, essentially, harmless outside the body.

Making sure that no one could see what he was up to, even though they usually knew anyway, Jake would casually release the hold on his bladder, and enjoy the sensations as his effluent raced to escape his body. Without looking down to his shorts, Jake could feel the exact moment that his piss poured out of his cock, and immediately mix with the pool water. As his bladder emptied, he covered his deed, or at least tried to, by chatting and joking with his friends and their families.

He was sure that one of his friend’s younger sister might have a crush on him, but, while he was honored, he never encouraged her, simply because she was too young for him, her being 14 or so. He was friendly with her, but not overly so. He was positive that as cute as she was, she would grow into a beautiful young woman. Who knew? Maybe, when she was old enough, and he was available, and she was still interested in him, he would date her. Not yet, though.

He would continue his wetting until he was empty, and then proceed to swim through the “contaminated” water to the pool’s side, where he could get out and drink plenty of water and juices to fill his bladder yet again, ready for more fun.

Another of his friends did not mind that Jake relieved himself in the pool, and often peed with him. Sometimes, when the family was away, and the two of them were swimming by themselves, Jake was told that he could stand at the pool’s side with his friend, and they would both pull their swim shorts down a little to pull out their dicks, aim, and pee into the water together. Occasionally, one or the other would sit on the top of the steps at the shallow end, or the end of the diving board at the deep end, pull their schlongs out through the legs of their shorts, and pee in the pool, usually with the other treading water close enough to watch, since they didn’t mind the other watching him.

Because he and Jake were best friends, doing just about everything together, whether getting ready to go swimming, peeing, or just hanging out, sometimes literally; being naked around the house if nobody was home or the bedroom for more privacy, they would often sit next to each other and masturbate together, catching their cum in napkins. More often than not, they were both naked while jacking off, but every now and again, they would simply just pull their pants or shorts down around their knees, and get right on it. They usually only did this, though, when they were in a hurry, and wanted to finish off quickly, like when they had somewhere to be. They did some experimenting, like jacking each other off, or even a couple of times giving each other head, but that wasn’t usually the case. They were fonder of wanking in front of each other, watching and being watched, or just peeing for each other.

###

Jake’s memories were interrupted when a set of headlights swung his way. Oh, joy! Carissa had arrived! Jake was determined that before the night was through, he was going to ask her to be his girlfriend. Little did he know just how much of an understatement that title would be!

Part 4:

After talking for a few minutes, Jake and Carissa ended up going for a soda, with free refills, of course, Jake’s secret idea, and talked for hours, about anything and everything.

Midway through, Jake became desperate for a wee, but didn’t want to interrupt his lively conversation with his new friend, and didn’t want to be obvious about his deed, either, by pulling his wanker out of his pants. So, he decided on a sneaky pee in his pants, relaxing the hold on his bladder, feeling his body-hot urine start to soak the crotch and seat of his black jeans, before running down his pants legs and the edge of his seat. He tried to keep the relief from showing on his face, concentrating on Carissa’s near-constant chatter, and hoping that she didn’t suspect anything. The piss felt wonderful, but didn’t last for very long.

Shortly after, to see the puddle he had made, Jake “accidently” knocked his silverware packet to the ground, then ducked under the table to retrieve it. He was shocked, however, when he noticed a second pee puddle, this one under Carissa… and still growing! Jake came back out from under the table, and saw that she was blushing beet red in the face, and had tears streaming down her face, similar to the pee that had been streaming to the floor from between her legs, knowing that she had been caught peeing.

Jake wanted to put Carissa at ease, so he smiled gently, and told her not to be embarrassed, that accidents happened to everybody, and that he was neither upset nor disgusted by her accident. Secretly, he wondered if it really was an accident, or if, like him, she got off on naughty wets. To test her reaction, he admitted to Carissa that he had been so engrossed in their conversation that he had completely forgotten to visit the restroom, and had, just a few minutes ago, had an accident of his own. She looked surprised at his admission, but her tears stopped flowing. Then she did something that surprised him yet again, and ducked under the table herself to validate his claim.

It was too much to hope for that she wouldn’t notice the bulge developing in his pants, but she looked shocked, either at the size of the puddle he had made, or at the size of the bulge, he didn’t yet know which, when she looked back up. Her face heated with yet more color as she hesitantly told him that this wasn’t the first time that she had wet herself, and as a matter of fact, never wore any panties, so she only considered it wetting herself when she was wearing pants or shorts. She continued her unusual tale by telling Jake that she actually pees down her legs on a regular basis, regardless of what she is wearing. If she is at the end of a line and needs to pee, then she will pee quietly down her legs, relieving herself as much as possible before she made it to the counter. However, if there were any people behind her in line, then she would only pee enough for some relief, yet not enough so that anyone would notice.

At the movie theaters, Carissa says that she will find a seat away from everybody else, with some empty seats around her. After holding it for some time, and not having gone before she came in, when she can’t hold her wee anymore, she pulls the back of her skirt or dress out of harm’s way before emptying herself into the seat, then sliding over to the seat next to her, fixing her skirt or dress in doing so. If she is wearing pants or shorts, she will simply unfasten them and pull them down to her knees, pee into the seat, and pull her clothes back up as she switches seats. Also, if the theater was mostly empty, she wouldn’t even pee into the seat, just slide forward to the edge, keeping her dress or skirt, pants or shorts out of the way, and tinkle on the floor.

As hot as this was, Jake couldn’t help but to ask Carissa about what she does at work when she needs a wee, trying so hard not to rub his aching dick, which was threatening to rip his zipper wide open, knowing that it wouldn’t take much for him to stain his pants.

Carissa admits that she pees down her legs all day, and night, while at work; usually a few trickles at the register or while walking to and from her tables, including earlier when she was serving him, and no one has suspected a thing yet. When she becomes desperate, she’ll walk out the back door when no one else is outside, hold up the front of her skirt, and let it come gushing out to the ground. By the time that she leaves work, she is horny as a girl can get, and masturbates as soon as she gets back to her small apartment.

She barely makes it in her door before she’s dropping her purse on the entry table, yanking up her skirt, and plunging her fingers into her already dripping wet snatch, then coming powerfully a minute later. After her heart rate and breathing calm down, she will then get undressed right there in her hallway, pee in the living room, then shower; later, she masturbates again, slowly in bed, enjoying the sensations as one hand caresses her firm young tits and nipples, while her other hand fondles her clit, lower lips, and her moist cunt, alternating hands and fingers every few minutes. The orgasm that followed would be sweet, but just as powerful as the earlier one.

She stopped talking at this point, clearly embarrassed by her frankness, informing Jake that this was the first time she had ever told anyone such revealing information, especially on a first date; Jake, for his part, was struggling not to blow his load into his pants.

Part 5:

Jake wanted to be just as frank, and so told Carissa that he was about to blow his load into his pants from her peeing, and her stories. She shyly asked if he was telling her the truth, or just being nice to her. He told her to put her hand out, under the table, and when she did so, he took it and placed it on his boner, not only to let her feel how hard he had gotten, but so she could also feel the drenched pants that she had seen earlier. Her eyes flew open wide and her delicate, pretty mouth formed a cute ‘o’ as she felt his massive boner under his soaked jeans.

Hesitantly, she offers to take care of his “medical emergency,” if he could drive her home, back to her apartment; so after paying the bill, and leaving her car in the parking lot, thanks to a friend at the diner, they get into his car and head off. While he drives, and she gives him directions, Jake admits that he doesn’t think he can make it ‘til then. She smiles shyly, then asks him to pull over so that she can help him. He nearly fishtails out of control in his haste to pull over. Fortunately, this street was deserted at this time of the evening. 

As soon as the car was in park, they both had their seatbelts off, and Jake had his seat pulled back and reclining, and Carissa was leaning over, unfastening his pants, and releasing his unbearably swollen cock. Jake moans at her hand finally on the bare flesh of his manhood, then moans louder and longer as her tongue licks his peehole a few times, then his glans before taking him into her warm, soft mouth. She only manages to take him into her mouth fully before he warns her that he was about to cum. She ignores his warning, pulling up, then dropping back down until he shoots his hot load down her throat in a matter of seconds. Licking him clean, from his balls to his urethra opening, she then licked her lips, telling Jake that this had been the best date ever, and it would only get better from here.

As Jake tries to tuck his half-staff back into his pants, Carissa tells him that she never finished her pee back at the diner, and that she still needs to go, her bladder having filled back up, and then some, since then. So he tells her that it would be okay if she peed in his car, since he does it himself every now and again, secretly hoping he would get to see her pee in front of him. She smiles, and starts to hike up her skirt. Once it’s around her waist, revealing her sweet, succulent, unshaved pussy to his startled gaze, she slides forward to the edge of her seat, places her feet wide apart up on the dashboard, knees spread wide, then lets go a long, gushing stream that hisses on its way out of her swollen lower lips.

The arc of wee nearly reaches the ceiling, then again nearly to the dashboard before falling to the floor, instantly darkening the cherry-red carpet to burgundy in a wash of warm, salty piss. Her piss doesn’t last long at this strength, but when she was done, instead of sitting back and putting her skirt back into order, she instead grins naughtily, and starts playing with her pussy lips, stroking and even flicking her love button, enjoying Jake’s piercing, hungry, longing eyes follow every move her hands and fingers made. Having him watch such private acts, like wetting, and fingering her tight little twat, was even more of a turn-on than anything she had ever done before, including the torrential wee she had done at the bowling alley months earlier, where she practically ruined her shorts with her heavy wetting.

Watching him watching her, especially after their wetting themselves, and her most recent pee and giving him a blowjob a few minutes ago, was too much, and she came, hard and long, shuddering in the aftermath of orgasmic bliss. Jake had taken his dick back out when she had started twiddling herself, and had been jacking off with her. When she came, so did he, again, spraying jizz all over himself, even after his orgasm from just a few minutes ago. She smiled, pleased that her pleasure could bring him pleasure as well. After they both settled themselves back into place, Jake and Clarissa continued on their way to her apartment to further the fun, and possibly to have fantastic sex.

Part 6:

When they arrived at her apartment, Carissa and Jake couldn’t keep off of each other, with Jake pulling her so tight against him that they were practically one body. Mouth mashing against mouth, the two new lovers wasted no time in exploring each other’s tastes, hers mingled with his from her giving him a blowjob earlier. He found it strangely arousing to taste himself on her tongue, then giving it, and indeed nothing else, any more thought as her roving hands found his snap and zipper. His pants fell, just as her shirt was pulled open and yanked off. His shirt was next, while he fumbled in his haste with her bra. 

Suddenly, he was naked, while Carissa still had her skirt on. He made short work of it, yanking it down to expose her short, curly mass of pubic hairs barely hiding her mons, her lips swollen in her excitement. Both heart rates sky-rocketed even more as they finally got to see the other in all their naked glory. Her breasts were high and tight, with nipples pointed and rosy red, while he was standing at attention, extremely erect, the largest hard-on of his young, eighteen year life stretching out from the bush at his groin. His balls were hot and heavy in his excitement, ready to spill his seed at any moment.

Jake can barely contain himself, both literally and figuratively, as her gaze moves approvingly over him, from head to toe, stopping at his groin to admire his ruddy-colored raging boner, while he does the same, appreciating her very attractive packaging, noticing the creaminess of her skin, and grace of smooth-toned muscle, firm yet supple. She smiles, and takes his hand to lead him to her bedroom. He stops, remembering something she had told him earlier. When she looks at him inquiringly, he tells her that he needs a piss, bad. He also mentions that since she had pissed for him, he’d like to return the favor. 

She grins broadly, then leads him over to the middle of the living room floor, and takes his erection in her soft, warm hand to aim his stream for him. Having such a massive boner, he has to struggle just to get started, especially with Carissa’s hand embracing his intimate flesh. After a full minute of softening and relaxing enough, he is able to squeeze a few spurts out, then his pee starts gushing like a fountain turned on its side. His stream reaches farther away than ever before because of his still-enormous boner. After he trickles to a stop, he looks into her eyes, huge and gorgeous, as she tells him that she can’t wait anymore, and asks him to take her then and there, rolling a condom he handed her onto his super-hard cock.

When Carissa bends forward over the arm of the sofa, spreads her legs shoulder-width apart, and gives him a teasing “come here” look, he just can’t resist fondling her cute, smooth ass and generous hips, then reaching around to fondle her fantastic tits. Impatient for his cock, she reaches between her thighs to guide Jake’s manhood to her snatch, soaked as it was in her juices. He played his glans around her entrance, teasing her in return, before sliding in slowly, loving the feeling as her tight, soaking wet pussy hugged him from the inside, caressing him inch by wonderful inch. Suddenly he stopped, shocked by the resistance he ran into. 

She looked back, and admitted that he would be her first, and he should continue what he started, that the single moment of pain would be worth it for the pleasure to follow. That decided him, and he went all for it, withdrawing almost all of the way before plunging in to the hilt. Carissa whimpered in pain a little, but asked Jake not to stop. He did pause to let her get used to his being so deeply inside of her, kissing and licking the back of her neck, using one hand to hold her long, wavy locks of ink-black hair over her shoulder, the other gently playing with her engorged and highly sensitive love button.

When he feels that she is ready to continue, he slowly withdraws again, slowly, letting her savor the uniqueness of how well they fit together, hearing the slurping sound her pussy walls made they refused to let his dick out fully, catching it just behind the glans. He slides in again, then out again, his thickness growing more and more, until he reaches the point where cumming is imminent, and he warns her about his approaching orgasm.

The whole time that Jake was pumping in and out, Carissa couldn’t hold back her mewls and moans of delight, feeling his stiff rod pistoning repeatedly, faster and faster. When he warns her that he’s about to cum, it proves too much for her, as she screams and cums herself, drenching his manhood in her sticky, wet mess, the orgasm seeming to last for hours. Her orgasm triggers his, as he feels her cunt walls squeeze out every last drop of his milky-white goodness. If he wasn’t wearing a condom, he would have shot his load straight through to the far side of her womb.

The shockwaves of her orgasm hadn’t quite settled, actually were still really strong, when his seed-shooting brings her to yet another soul-shattering orgasm, this one more powerful than anything she could have accomplished on her own. Carissa didn’t realize that she needed to pee any, but when her second orgasm was winding down, her bladder started to leak out her golden nectar, her piss trickling into the arm of the sofa she was leaning over. 

Since Jake still had his hand in her crotch, he felt her wee leaking out onto his fingers, and marveled at how warm and good it felt, thinking that he could ask Carissa, later of course, for her to pee on him, especially on his cock and balls; maybe to wash her juices off him? Not that he minded it, as he kissed her neck and shoulders some more. Later, though. Right now, they both needed to catch their breathes. Neither one, however, had any inclination to pull away from each other yet, the after-sex bliss the sweetest thing that either one had ever felt, wanting to prolong the joy as much as possible before they showered, and enjoyed each other as many more times as possible.

*002*2017-03-20 04:47

{{12 minutes ago, Nikeryda said:

I usually prefer stories told from the females perspective but this was really good. I love how Carissa was peeing when they first met and Jake didn't notice. Keep up the good work!

}}

Thanks! I actually have a slightly different variant on this story, 1st-person perspective, as if she's writing to a naughty magazine.

*004*2017-03-26 14:44

{{16 hours ago, Adrian6970wc said:

Good story. I'm enjoying Jake's exploits.

}}

Thanks!

*006*2017-03-26 20:45

{{1 hour ago, drummerdevil said:

I would love for you to continue this. Also, do you remember the 14 year old sister? Maybe he catches her peeing.

}}

Thank you. And yes, I remember her, but no - I don't write about underage children, sorry. Even 14 year olds are too young for my stories.

*008*2017-03-26 20:57

{{14 minutes ago, Adrian6970wc said:

I suggest his sister/cousin whatever is 19 or 20 instead.

}}

It's the friend's sister, and I made her 14 intentionally, to show he has boundaries. Not because she's his friend's sister, but because of her age. However, if anyone wants to write their own story featuring her, feel free.

