Ella's Hasty Choice

Author: Lilia

*000*2014-04-01 19:13

Five minutes to go.

Ella sits at her desk with her legs crossed tightly, bobbing one of them up and down. She really, really should have used the toilet at lunch, and now she was paying the price for it. The teacher would definitely let her out, she thought, but she was shy of anybody else knowing she had to pee, and could without a doubt make it. After all, it was only going to be five minutes. Perhaps if it had been longer, she might have asked, because people knowing you need the toilet isn't as bad when the alternative is having an accident at 16 years old.

Four minutes to go. Why did the clock have to move so slowly? It was taunting her. Three minutes. She recrosses her legs and takes a deep breath. Two minutes, everyone is putting their things away. One minute, it wasn't going to be much longer.

The sound of the bell ringing was almost as sweet as a relief as it would have been to have peed right there. Ella hurriedly stands up and dashes out the door. The pain in her bladder was reduced to a dull throb now that she was heading to the bathroom and could take her mind off it. She reaches the door to the girls' room and pushes it open.

SMACK. The girl slams into the door, the hard wood pressing on her bladder painfully, and nearly loses control in surprise as all of her tormenting desperation returns. She tries the door multiple times but it's locked and won't be opening any time soon. This was bad, she was counting on it being open and to get to the other bathrooms she'd have to stumble halfway across the school in obvious desperation and her need was getting worse.

The door to the boys' room was on the other side of the hallway. Could it really be an option? What if she was caught?

Suddenly, Ella's bladder decided to chime in and answer her frantic questions with a throbbing wave of desperation, and she nervously looks from left to right. She can only see one person and he was walking the other way, so couldn't see her. She listens intently at the door. Silence. Slowly, she pushes it open, almost as if she had opened it by accident. It was empty.

Relieved, she rushes in and finds a cubicle. It was about time she got her relief, she thinks as she was just about to lose it. Just as she's pulling down her slightly damp panties, however, she hears voices. Male voices. The door to the bathroom creaks as it opens, and three boys, judging by the number of voices, walk in. Ella blushes a deep red even though nobody can see her locked in the cubicle, and lifts her feet up so they couldn't see her girls' shoes underneath the cubicle.

Just sitting on the toilet with her underwear around her ankle made her feel like she was unable to hold on much longer, so she pulls her panties back on, and squeezes herself tightly with both hands, jamming her fingers into her crotch, trying not to make a sound. It didn't even sound like any of the boys were here for the toilet at all, just to talk. One of them turns the faucet on, and the tantalizing sound of the water dribbling against the sink sent Ella teetering on the edge. She would have just gone, but it would probably be so loud and embarrassing, she just can't.

She rubs her crotch trying to relive the pressure, and a soft moan of desperation accidentally escapes her lips, and she silently prays nobody heard. The voices go silent after a few seconds, and momentarily it seems they've left. The very thought of it causes her bladder to spasm, but a peek under the cubicle wall reveals that they're still there, but silent.

It was just too much, it was unbearable. She covers her mouth to stop herself from making any noise, but a loud hissing noise starts to sound from between her legs and fills the room as she releases the contents of her bladder, drenching her underwear. It's so loud that the entire school might hear it, she thinks, but the feeling of relief is so great that she doesn't even care anymore, and pushes with all of her might, sending her urine splashing out against the bowl. After what seemed like minutes, the flow finally stops, and she leans forwards on her knees, breathing in and out in exhaustion.

"Well he must have had to go!" jokes one of the boys as they leave, and Ella smiles to herself. Not only did she just make it, but nobody found out who she was. Her underwear may be soaked through and through, but she didn't care. She flushes the toilet, washes her hands, peeks out the door to make sure nobody would be there to see her, and hurriedly shuffles out the door and down the hall with that relieved smile still plastered over her face, leaving a dripping trail in her wake.

###

First fiction story. Comments and opinions would be appreciated. :D

*002*2014-04-01 20:32

(Have an alternate ending, then. )

She rubs her crotch trying to relive the pressure, and a soft moan of desperation accidentally escapes her lips, and she silently prays nobody heard. The voices go silent after a few seconds, and momentarily it seems they've left. Ella still desperately wanted to go now, but she had to make sure they were gone to save her any potential embarrassment. Slowly, cautiously, she stands up, small droplets moving down her tightly touching thighs, and opens the door. She can't immediately see anybody, and peeks around a small bit.

The boys have most likely left. She opens the door completely and steps out, but to her horror, they had been behind the door so she couldn't see them. Their presence makes her shriek in surprise and shame, and immediately she loses control, a torrent of urine streaming through her already soaked underwear, down her legs, into the front of her skirt and drenching her socks. The boys are speechless, and so is Ella, but the latter is now in tears. She picks up her bag and shakily walks out of the bathroom, leaving three stunned boys and a puddle of pee.

