#RakanLivesMatter

Author: Rina Li

*000*2018-02-18 10:10

#RakanLivesMatter

Author's notes:

1)Enjoyed this chapter Type"#RakanLivesMatter"

2)Want this continue? type "#Serialisation"

3)Want a filler story of Rina Li's mother's situation? Type "#RinaLiMomPee"!

STORY:

~11 years ago~

"Mommy, a girl told she wanted to meet a rocca. What's a rocca?" asked Rina Li with curiosity a normal child has.

"I think she meant Raka" replied her mother seeming slightly concerned about her daughter asking such questions after dinner.

"What's a Raka? Is it a superhero? Can I be a Raka too?" continued Rina Li, not knowing what was going to happen.

"Absolutely not! I will not allow my daughter to do such actions!" said her mother in an angry tone. She was wearing black and tight yoga pants with a cotton yellow t-shirt.

"But why?" asked a almost crying Rina Li for she was experiencing such harsh behavior from her mother for the first time.

"I have very low patience on this issue so what I'm about to tell you I expect you to not discuss anywhere with anyone. Promise?" said her mother with a demanding tone.

"Oquay.." said a somewhat better feeling Rina Li.

"Rakas are demons! They caused our ancestors many problems and created wide spread panic. They destroyed symbols of god which enraged god to such an extent that he had made it every creature birth right to kill a Raka. They also live filthy lifestyles in dirty places, have magic powers to make others pee and pee on each other for fun. Such our religious books and articles of ancient scholars say. We do not know for sure if Raka still exist or not but if they do, you know what we are doing!.....I love you! There is no doubt about it however if you were to be friends with a Raka, I don't know if I could feel the same or not!" said her mother with watery eyes and weak tone. She was tired and rather sleepy.

*hiisssssssss*

Her mother noticed a torrent come out of daughter who looked terrified and worried. A small puddle was formed near her. Luckily she was wearing a skirt otherwise she would have some more cleaning to do.

Seeing her daughter piss herself in fear made her feel the urge to pee as well. It was growing quite urgent but she had to console her daughter, give her a shower and put her to sleep first. She was doubting if she could do that without leaking. She did not have to pee a few minutes ago and now she was almost bursting and she was sleepy. This should not be possible. Was this a punishment for speaking about Raka by God himself or maybe a spell from a Raka?

~Modern day~

Rina Li was almost 17. She was quite attractive and studious as well. Occasionally cracking puns and jokes when she gets the opportunity with her friends though she never had any close ones. She did not have her own friend circle or good friends for that matter. It was when another group was nearby that she joined the conversation. Being at the top of her class might be something everyone desired but she had no interest in it. Being at the top of while having no competition was pretty stale and boring for her. In class people rarely cared for her. Some felt she was too good for them and being with them might ruin her while others were just jealous of her. Class felt boring.

However one day, someone came that changed her life forever. "And his name was JOHN CENA!... I love breaking the fourth wall!" On serious note, a new girl had transferred to her school. She looked pretty average but she was mature in some places that might make lustful boys or jealous girls look at her. She seemed pretty meek and shy. Surprisingly, almost everyone forgets she exists. What was her name by the way?... Oh okay. It's Aiyano. Aiyano was in the same situation as Rina Li. People didn't seem to care for them. Aiyano was not average in studies as well. She too was quite smart like Rina Li though not the same level. She made several simple mistakes that always cost us. Though it may occasionally appear that these mistakes might have been intentional. Rina Li felt the two of them might get along. However what she learnt later changed her life forever.

School had ended and Rina Li was at gate when she heard someone saying something.

"Wait Elina...!" said Aiyano darting towards her.

Rina Li knew she heard Elina and not her name yet she turned around. She pointed at herself to which Aiyano nodded.

"My name's Rina Li not Elina and 'Rina' and 'Li' are two separate words."

"Oh... sorry. You forgot your notebook in your desk today. Here!" said Aiyano with hand over her mouth.

"You didn't have to trouble yourself like that. You could have given it tomorrow!" said Rina Li noticing Aiyano place her hand on her mouth whenever she said something.

"Tomorrow we have a test! Did you forget about it?" said a suprised Aiyano.

"Who cares! It's not that difficult!"

"But you might lose your position to someone else!"

"I love competion. Also do you have a habit of covering your mouth while speaking? It shows people you are rather insecure and might make you look easy to bully."

"No... it's just...sali....It's just that I have a bad breath and don't want people to feel grossed out!"

"There's a thing called mouth fresheners. I have couple on me. Here take some."

Aiyano was in a puzzle. If she spoke with her mouth open, she might cause problems and she just ran away, it would cause unnecessary attention on her by someone attentive. She did not know what to do. She was thinking of some excuse for not taking it.

"Btw.." Rina Li started speaking. Hoping that Aiyano would fall in her trap.

"Why do you purposely make mistakes? As I smart person myself, I can see if they were done intentionally or not. Is someone bullying you to score less? If that is the case I can inform a teacher on your behalf"

"PleaseDon'tIJustDon'tWantPeopleToFocusOrNoticeMe!" blurted out a panicking Aiyano.

"Why? The less you answer, the more suspicion and attention it creates!" said Rina Li smiling inside for her trap working.

Aiyano thought for some time and then spoke.

"How can I trust you that you won't tell this to anyone or that you'll leave me alone after this or treat me the same?" said a slightly fidgeting Aiyano.

"First I didn't know your mistakes your were intentional. I just lied for fun and you unknowingly admitted it. Second I don't care what your parents work as or what your culture is. I treat everyone equally unless you're a criminal of course. You can trust me. I haven't spread any juicy gossip I heard and if you want to leave, I'll let you be. If you still don't trust me what do you want as proof?" said a calm Rina Li. She knew that Aiyano was going to tell her everything.

Aiyano knew that there were many obvious answers to why she was doing the things she was doing. A person like Rina Li had noticed it and even if she did not tell her, there was a good chance she would find it out herself. It was better to tell her right now and befriend her rather than risk the other. An idea came to her mind. But she had to clear some urgent business she would have done had she not been lost in school during the day.

"Wait right here! Don't turn around.." She knew the bathrooms would be locked and she was going to burst in few minutes. She went to nearby bush, pushed her panties aside and starting peeing. The sound was so loud that Rina Li on the other side could hear it.

"When you gotta go, you gotta go!"

.

.

.

After a few seconds, Aiyano stopped peeing. Luckily there were no CCTV cameras in the school or anyone nearby to see how efficient she was in watering bushes. She went back to Rina Li.

"Emptied your tanker?"

"I'm a Raka!"

"I honestly don't care if you or not as long as you don't cause others problems."

"You might be a good girl but others are not. They hunt us down... they killed my friends and my family members!" said an upset Aiyano.

"I'm so sorry. But can you tell me more about a Raka? I want to know what is exactly true or false. Regardless of what your ancestors did, I will always consider you innocent."

"Thank you...Right now?... Won't your parents be worried?" said a concerned Aiyano.

"My dad works abroad and visits us only a few weeks in a year and my mom has gone to attend a wedding of her friend, so I'm all by myself."

"By yourself.... you don't have a...."

"I'm more single than 11th November, you're welcome!" said a smiling Rina Li. She felt proud to find someone interesting and someone who seemed to notice her. She also felt glad that she got her to open up.

Author's notes:

#RakanLivesMatter is not a parody of BlackLivesMatter and in no way trying to insult people of Black community through this story. All names used are fictional and any similarities with real life are purely coincidental. I am personally neutral with LGB(Not T) community. This story may contain lesbianism in future chapters if it is continued. I do not promote Homosexuality neither do am I attempting to hate it. I mentioned tags above, as whenever someone types that in a post, you get to see how many of that posts are there. It also encourages me to write as users go out of their way to type such tags. Also blue for Rina Li, yellow for Rina Li's mother and red for Aiyano are locked. Green and black will be used for other characters.

*002*2018-02-25 19:22

I will be posting an update this week. Just been a little busy.

*003*2018-03-22 18:47

Advice: My device does not allow me to change the font of my text and only allows a limited array of colours in it's keyboard. The following story may appear in a small font with various colours primarily gray. Unless you are interested please do not read to strain your eyes. There are many bold words in the story. Some indicate expression, some certain details, some what is going to happen next and some are just accidents.

Chapter-2

Rina Li took Aiyano to her home. Both of them were just 17 year old girls so they were not any threat to each other or atleast that is what Rina Li thought. Rina Li opened the door and both of them went inside. She prepared some coffee and poured it in two glasses. She offered one to Aiyano and asked her to sit.

"You mind answering a few questions?"

"That's what we came here for right?" said a disinterested Aiyano. This entire time she was in a lose-lose situation. Had she not responded to Rina Li nor told her Rina Li would have found out eventually. Rina Li's mother was an important spiritual scholar in their region. She had read vast books and felt pleasure in awakening devotion towards the almighty even in those who initially did not believe. There was no chance with such a person as your mother to not eventually realise that you are admist a Raka. Her objective right now was simple. BefriendRina Li and make sure she does not tell anyone else. She initially thought of murdering her but that might make her mother investigate the school which the police would allow due to her influence. If she stays, she would be identified as a Raka and if she left that would just make her look like a culprit.

"What exactly is a Raka?"

"I don't exactly know what a Raka is. I remember something about a derivation of an Indian word that meant demon or devil. We Rakas are demi-gods and are different from humans in many ways."

"How exactly different?" said a questioning Rina Li who looked as if she was noting down what Aiyano said.

"Why are taking notes of this? Do you want me to suffer like others?" said a disheartened Aiyano.

"Trying to note down important points so that in future I might be able to learn how Rakas emerged...These notes will go public but only when you guys are safe from all danger... Anyway my question's answer?"

"I don't know if I can trust you or not. Rakas are...they are..." said a stammering Aiyano who had a blush on her face.

"Are? Don't be embarrassed. There are much worse things to be shy about!"

"Se...xy..Sexy!" blurted out Aiyano.

"..."

"We have good figures and big breasts, butts and thick thighs."

"Oh.. kay.. Does this have any relation with luring humans?"

"Yeah since Rakas are only female. They developedthose features to help repopulate easily as the other method was not that accepted."

"Why not?" demanded Rina Li.

"It was very untidy... I can't tell you much about it!"

"That's fine. Why is there such hate towards Raka? I heard scholars claimed it was their birthright to harm you."

"I don't know much but according to what my mother told that early Rakas often had affairs with married men. They had untidy lifestyles and many were thieves. Scholars were mostly female. Sex during that time was a sign of partnership. Consented sex was an act of taking love and emotions between partners to the next level. Unconsented ones were a crime. Some felt those who committed them were devils. Anyone who did so was publicly punished. Easy to guess what happened to some Rakas. All those who were related to those species were declared potential devils. They dubbed us Rakas and banished us. Rumors about us spread like a game of Chinese Whisper. Tension was created. Newer generations were more scared of Rakas. They made stories about us even though they never saw us. They eventually became more hostile towards us. You know what that went.. " said a tired Aiyano.

"I'm feel extremely said for what you had to go through. If what you're telling is true then I hope one day everyone, humans and Rakas can live united."

"THAT DAY WILL NEVER COME!" shouted Aiyano.

"Calm down. Be patient and optimistic. Everyone thing will be alright. Let's change the topic. What do you want to become when you grow up?"

Calming herself Aiyano replied, "I don't know. Maybe a content creator?"

"Like a director or musician?"

"I was thinking more in lines of as a poet or writer or a way of discussing something without meeting many people."

"I always wanted to become a journalist. I ask too many questions and that's what reporters and journalists do. I feel I'm perfect for that. One last question.. Do you like watering plants?"

"I don't live near any garden.."

"I didn't mean that!" said a Rina Li smirking.

"..."

"..."

"Fuck you!" said Aiyano slightly cross that Rina Li brought up that incident. She made her way to the door when she heard Rina Li's voice.

"If you need any help feel free to call me. I had a great time with me and I feel we can become good friends"said a smiling Rina Li.

"I wish I could say the same but thank you!" She left.

Aiyano felt relieved that she could tell someone those things. She was happy that someone was willing to listen to her side. She was however worried whether what she did was good or not. She still did not know, if she could trust Rina or not. She felt a feeling around Rina Li that pained her to think about. She was feeling attracted to Rina Li.

At Rina Li's home, her mother came back. Things went by like they normally would. Rina Li kept thinkingabout what Aiyano and her mother told her. She felt inclined to Aiyano's side but that would mean going against her mother. She felt thirsty so drank a little more than usual. She thought of several questions she should have asked Aiyano. She was hoping that they would be friends. Rina Li normally visits the bathroom at night but she was so lost in thought she forgot. She went to sleep in her bed.

Next morning she woke up and realised she was late for school. She quickly ran down to see her mother still sleeping. She ran back up, quickly changed to her uniform. Darted to the kitchen. Opened the fridge. Took out a small packet of Orange juice. Drank it. Threw its packet in the dustbin. Wore her socks and shoes and ran towards her school. She soon felt the need to pee badly. She should not have drank so much last night, should have used the bathroom last night or should have used before leaving. It was getting more urgent by the moment. Her school was nearby. She decided to go to her class, mark her attendance and request to use the restroom. As she entered through the school gate she heard a call.

"Rina Li!"

"Aiyano?" said a bursting Rina Li. She could not keep herself straight nor was her breathing rate normal.

"Follow me, it's urgent!" said Aiyano and she went where she went yesterday. She knew she was going to regret it but she followed Aiyano.

She could not even walk properly. Her thighs were kept together, legs crossed both hands between her crotch. She brisk walked as she did not want to delay her need too much. She could notice a bulge on her abdomen. She felt the pain of the walls of her bladder as they were streching beyond their normal size. She finally reached the place where Aiyano wanted her to come. Oddly enough, apart from the two no one was there in the school.

"Where is everyone?" asked a desperate Aiyano. She knew she was going to burst soon. The pain was too much and were bladder musckes were tired. It looked as if someone placed a vibrator between her legs by the way she moved.

"Today's a holiday. Anyway, remember what I did hereyesterday? Today you are going to do that!" said a smirking Aiyano.

Suddenly Rina Li felt a kick between her legs. It hurt her deeply. She fell down. She could not control her bladder with the pain. Her bladder began emptying itself. Her panties were soaked from the bottom. Her socks were soaked on one side and her shoes got wet. The lower edges of her skirt became wet because of the puddle she was making. Some damp spots could be noticed on the back and front of her skirt. She began crying when she felt her shirt also wet. Her shirt felt lighter and so did her skirt. Even though she was sitting in a puddle she only felt wetness not any puddle. She realised what was going on.

Rina Li woke up. She sat up straight. She wiggled her butt and felt wetness. She removed her bedsheet and saw a big wet spot on her bed. Her pajamas were soaked on the behind and sides. Her panties were completely drenched. A massive wet spot was visible on her bed. Luckily it was not yellow. A 17 year old girl wet her bed. That was an awkward way to start a day. She soon heard her mother's voice outside her room. She was screwed.

Author's notes: 1)Liked this story? Type "#RakanLivesMatter" in the comments section.

2)Want me to continue "#Serialisation".

3)Want a side-story of Rina Li's mother? "#RinaLiMomPee"

Use of more than one tag is allowed. If you did not like the content in story please feel free to downvote but make sure to leave suggestions based on content, ie, the story not the way it is presented.

In the next 24 hours I'll be posting an update to my other story.

