Jacob black toddlered

Author: Kylie

*000*2013-02-24 21:03

Jacob black was sleeping semi- peacefully in the Cullen guest room,little did he know when he woke up things would be completely different. Bella came to wake him up she threw back the covers and screamed.

Bella's point of view:

What had happened to him a few hours ago he was a cocky 17 year old now he was a toddler?! I slowly picked up a crying Jacob and took him downstairs to the rest of the Cullen family. Shocked looks crossed all of their faces except Carlisle's.

"Calm down everyone it won't last forever a month at the most," His silk like voice said

"But what happened? How?," Edward questioned

"I'm not exactly sure but you are to treat him nicely he remembers nothing of the pack or anything he is just a toddler," Carlisle told Edward sternly.

Esme walked over and took Jacob on her hip calming him down.(end of Bella's point of view)

I looked at my enemy in surprise did he remember any of us. I soon got my answer as he slid off Esme and hugged me around the legs, my eye twitched in frustration, couldn't he bother somebody else.

"Edward," Carlisle warned me.

I picked him up and sat him on the couch, to my disgust he slowly climbed in my lap and curled up. Esme aww'ed and I rolled my eyes.

"Wait is he potty trained, how old is he anyways? " I asked carlisle.

"I'm not sure and maybe around two," He replied

I looked down at the snoring Jacob as I turned my attention back to the baseball game.

(Ten minutes later)

I was just getting into the game when my nose burned and my lap grew wet, I jerked my head down. He was peeing on me! I stood up causing him to hit the floor with a loud cry. Carlisle entered and scooped him up.

"Edward," he growled

"But he p- I don't want to hear it," he cut me off " go shower and meet me in my study," he instructed and then began to coo and rock Jacob. I groaned when we were told to go to his study we were usually getting punished. Same old Jacob screwing things up for me as always.

I will countinue this story later, tell me what you think. :) sorry it's short sort of an interducton

