School trip on a very special cruise - Page 3

Author: OmoNeon

*050*2022-12-13 17:58

{{3 hours ago, Rinatro said:

Another great chapter OmoNeon.

I just had a fun idea for a potential scenario. Given that there is a scientific study at play on the ship, what if one day they flip the game and test how people deal with restricted bathrooms when its not accepted for people to pee themselves. You know, to simulate places that haven't upgraded to the new cleaning technology. Of course they probably wouldn't want to punish people, but maybe they offer rewards instead for the best holders?

Keep up the good work!

}}

Cool idea, but what might be great is that i have a potential follow up story for this one.

See it as a season 2 so to speak after the cruise has ended and some time went by.

I don't know if i'll ever get to it but just in case if i do i'm not gonna spoil too much, but it would be a scenario comparable to your idea 😄

On the other hand though, for me holding itself isn't really interesting, i know i'm in the minority on this website here but i like it when characters or people make the decision to let go on purpose.

But the scenario i had in mind does lean into it so i'll consider it 😇

*054*2022-12-15 19:49

Chapter 12:

They changed into dry clothes and Luna chose her black jeans, her choice of pants got very much influenced by their activities earlier during the theater visit. She wondered if there was a chance she would be able to enjoy another wet adventure this evening, but better to pick pants that weren't gonna show the wetness as much, just in case! Chloe went with dark blue jeans shorts/hotpants that suit her really well, Luna was already praying she might get to see her wet them if she was really lucky.

Even with the adventure before, Luna wasn't confident she would ever let go in public on purpose though. In all previous instances it was pretty near unavoidable for wet pants, unless their pants were already wet. Ok they could've left the theater beforehand perhaps but still.

Luna and Chloe joined Emma and Billy's family to dinner, to their delight they went to the steakhouse on the ship. Even though they had to pay an extra for this they didn't mind as the food was great and the service was more than adequate. They talked with them and shared stories about their cruise experiences so far and were giving each other advice what activities were the best they had done so far. Emma and Billy were very positive about the arcade but Luna and Chloe still needed to go and try that out.

They also noticed that if you went to a restaurant like this where you had to pay, you did get acces to a toilet that was always open. That's fair for the price at the very least.

They all had gone to the toilet at some point during dinner.

When they were about to leave Luna and Chloe made plans to go to the arcade and check it out. They invited Emma and Billy if they wanted to join and their parents didn't mind so they tagged along.

On their way to the arcade they walked through central park, they got themselves a bit of a dessert by getting a milkshake, (Emma and Billy swore they were great)

They weren't wrong, Luna and Chloe agreed.

While sipping their milkshakes they passed by the karaoke bar when they suddenly heard a sound that Chloe described as "a pig that was getting tortured".

All four of them quickly peeked through the entrance into the bar to see where the ungodly sound was coming from. They recognized the karen who was on stage singing her own version of "Bohemian Rhapsody". Some people in the audience were covering their ears from the horrible sound.

They quickly left while laughing about the drunk karen they had all immediately recognized from the service desk and pool a few days ago.

"I wouldn't be surprised if Freddy crawls out of his grave and crawled onto the ship to end her life." Chloe said jokingly.

Luna replied in a dead serious tone, "I wouldn't be against it."

They all giggled and continued on their walk, but Luna realized she had to pee again, she had gone to the toilet at the restaurant but that was quite a while before leaving. She felt a bit stupid for not going right before they left. Before she could say anything Chloe spoke up.

"This milkshake is doing work on my bladder, maybe we should find a toilet before going to the arcade?" Chloe asked,

"I remember there was a toilet at the end of central park, we'll go there as we need to pass it for the arcade anyway." Billy said.

They continued checking out some of the stuff in the park though, the souvenir shop was about to close but they quickly went inside just to go check out some stuff. They tried on some funny looking hats while having a laugh, they ended up not buying anything though, they might come back later near the end of the cruise to get souvenirs.

They had left the shop and reached the end of central park, but to their dismay it was on red.

"I could really use that toilet though." Luna said, the others agreed and they hurried a little to the next one.

Chloe added, "I might be in trouble if we don't find a green toilet at the arcade."

"Don't worry there are more toilets on the way, surely one will be open." Billy said confidently.

Emma however intertwined, "I wouldn't put my hopes to high actually."

The others wondered what Emma meant, "Huh? What do you mean?"

Emma continued, "The toilets always rotate in a group, their timings are different but if i would have to make a guess, they're in the same rotation when we were here last time." She looked at Billy now.

Billy replied visibly thinking, "Really? If that's true we would need to go back immediately in the other direction, you're sure the other ones ahead will all be closed?"

Emma shrugged, "It's just a guess, but if we go all the way back now we can pretty much forget about the arcade, mom and dad said we couldn't stay out for too long."

Luna could feel a tingling sensation, her palms got a bit sweaty as she was overthinking what she had thought of earlier, For the chance that she might wet herself she had picked out her black jeans for this very reason. But now that she was back into dry clothes she felt like her confidence from earlier had faded away, when they had rewet their pants in the hallway she had overcome her fear and embarrassment but right now that felt like a different world. Luna felt like she needed another push for confidence. In her current state, she was half panicking and half excited.

"I'm ok with continuing, we'll pass one more toilet and there's also one at the arcade itself i remember." Billy said,

Emma casually added, "I don't think i want to hold it until we get to the arcade though."

Huh? Did she just hear that correctly? Luna was wondering what Emma meant, is she close to having an accident? But she said that she didn't 'want' to hold it, as if she was making a conscious decision. She also didn't look desperate from what she could tell. Luna was a bit confused but the others didn't seem to react so she ignored it for now.

They took the elevator to the lower deck, the toilet would be right there at the exit. The experimental drug was really kicking in now as Luna was starting to feel the pressure in her bladder increase rapidly now, she could still hold it but if what Emma said is true and all the toilets in this area are on red she already knew they wouldn't make it back in time even if she wanted to.

Luna asked curiously, "What did you mean with not 'wanting' to hold it?"

Emma was slurping on her milkshake which was almost empty to look up to Luna, "I meant that if we don't find a green light toilet by the time we're at the arcade i'm gonna let go in my pants." She answered with a straight face.

Luna was trying to process what Emma was saying, and apparently so was Chloe who was giving her a look. Emma was wearing her red 'Superdry' sweatpants so if she did let go it would be immediately visible Luna thought. Just then the doors of the elevators went open and they immediately exited, and to their not so big surprise the toilet was... on red.

"Damn i'm getting good at guessing these rotations!" Emma laughed, while doing a silly victory dance she threw away her now empty milkshake in the trashcan next to the elevator exit.

The others also threw their now empty cup away. Billy took out his phone and Luna and Chloe looked on his screen on either sides from him to see how far the next toilet was.

Emma had ended her silly victory dance and was standing in front of them with her hands behind her back wobbling on her feet.

"Like i said, there's another toilet at the arcade entrance, just through this hallway and follo..." Billy abruptly stopped his sentence,

They all looked up from Billy's phone to see Emma with her hands still behind her back and her feet now parted wide. "psssshhhhhh"

Luna could clearly hear the hissing sound and a wet patch was quickly spreading across the crotch of Emma's red sweatpants. Pee was cascading down her inner thighs as droplets were falling on the carpeted floor. Luna couldn't believe Emma was just emptying her bladder in her pants like that. She saw how a puddle was forming on the carpet beneath her as Emma looked up to face the others.

Beaming with content Emma said "Ooooh... that feels so much better than holding it!"

"Holy shit, just like that?" Chloe said shocked,

"you weren't kidding about letting go in your pants..." Luna said just as shocked.

Billy seemed to be completely unfazed that his sister had just blatantly wet herself, "...follow through until we pass by one of the big diners, on our right we'll get to the arcade and if you're lucky the toilet will be green." Billy continued casually, "Not that Emma needs it anymore though."

Somewhere during Billy's explanation Emma's stream had subsided and she went back to wobbling on her feet as if nothing had happened. There was a big wet patch on the front of her pants now that went down her inner thighs all the way to the ground, her puddle was soaking into the carpet.

"I can't believe you just... went in your pants like that." Stammered Luna

"Why not? It feels a lot better than holding it, you both said in the theater that you loved it as well! So why are you so desperate on finding a green toilet?" Emma said, "Also the arcade has pretty dim lighting anyway, so you can just let go and it won't show much of the wetness."

"Sometimes it's scary how blunt Emma can be, i know." Billy said, "I also think that she might be right and the toilet at the arcade is gonna be red. Anyway, I'm looking forward to that slushy machine again though!"

Emma shouted "Slushy!!!"

Luna was impressed by Emma, turned out this was just the push that Luna needed as her excitement was starting to win over her embarrassment, she still wanted to see if the toilets at the arcade were red though, you never know. But secretly she was starting to hope they were red to have an excuse to follow Emma's lead and pee her pants.

They made their way to the arcade which really wasn't much further actually, and indeed it's light was red as well. Luna and Chloe were both bursting to pee at this point. Luna hadn't heard Chloe complain about the plan yet, but not really accept it either as she looked at her friend to see what she thought.

Chloe answered Luna's gaze by whispering, "I can't believe i'm looking forward to letting go in my pants."

"You're not the only one." Reassured Luna with a grin,

They all entered the arcade and indeed it was pretty dim lit, the games and cabinets had a lot of flashing lights but overall there wasn't much lighting.

"Slushy!!!" Emma shouted as she ran off to the machine with all kinds of flavours stalled out. Billy followed her while Luna and Chloe started checking out what the arcade had to offer.

While entering the dimly lit corridors of the arcade Luna had accepted she would be walking back to their room with soaked jeans and realized she didn't mind that as much as she thought she would, actually no, she was even looking forward to it. Her bladder felt uncomfortably full at this point and just like Emma, she didn't feel like holding it anymore.

Luna started relaxing her bladder while they were strolling through the arcade, her heart was beating like crazy.

Her stream wouldn't start on it's own so she gave a firm push that started it. She felt the wetness and warmth spreading in her panties for at least a couple seconds before stopping the stream. It was now soaking in her jeans. This was absolutely gonna be visible but she wanted confirmation, so she stopped strolling and checked her crotch, there weren't any other people nearby except Chloe. Her panties already felt soaked and she could see a big wet patch on her crotch.

Chloe stopped as well and saw the wet patch on Luna's pants and decided to join as well. After Chloe let out a sigh, Luna could see how Chloe's dark blue jeans shorts were getting a darker shade at first and then started glistening from wetness with some drops going down her legs. Just like Luna, Chloe had stopped the stream after a few seconds.

Luna was shaking from arousal, "Feels good doesn't it?"

"Damn right you are, i didn't want to stop my stream even." Chloe said visibly flustered.

"Then don't?" Luna said hopefully.

Chloe paused, started thinking for a few seconds and spread her feet apart. To Luna's delight she realized she was gonna go all the way and soak her shorts! Immediately drops were falling from her pants legs that quickly turned into streams falling from both of her pants legs down on the carpet. Quickly a puddle started to form but she wasn't nearly done yet.

Luna her own bladder was begging for release now that they were standing still, and with the view of Chloe continuing to wet herself. Without a second thought she spread her feet as well, relaxed and allowed the warmth and wetness to spread further through her panties and into her jeans. A shiver went over her spine when her pee was starting to creep down her pants on the inside of her thighs. Pure feeling of bliss went over her and she didn't feel like stopping her stream either as she completely relaxed and let it flow down her jeans.

Luna saw how Chloe even pressed her hand against her crotch while midstream, this made her pee spread in the front even more making the wet patch even bigger then it already was.

Luna was still going in her pants while she looked down and saw two puddles form around her feet, she felt her socks getting wet as well, not that she was worried too much. She slowly felt her bladder getting empty and her stream eventually subsided, to her delight she now also realized the wetness had crept up to her butt as well, it felt nice she thought. Luna couldn't believe she had just emptied her bladder into her pants on purpose in the middle of an arcade, there were people around, although at first glance she didn't think anyone actually noticed to her surprise.

They both simultaneously let out a loud sigh, giggled, and checked the wet stain on each others pants. Luna's embarrassment had faded completely. Emma and Billy both returned with their slushy.

Emma said with a grin on her face, "Felt good didn't it?"

"Yep" Luna and Chloe declared.

"I really need to pee now as well though," Billy said, "Should i go find a corner where i can relieve myself? Or..."

"Haha you're the only one with dry pants now!" Emma teased,

Billy countered with saying jokingly, "I should just go in my pants as well, it's weird if i'm the only one with dry pants."

Now that Luna her bladder was empty she felt like getting a slushy as well, Chloe decided to join. There were more people at the slushy machine but also, the area was more lit they noticed... still on their high from wetting themselves in public they weren't too bothered by it, they just joined the que for the slushy machine in their visibly wet pants. Luna was enjoying herself and was surprised at how comfortable she was with wet pants.

"Um... Luna..." Chloe said

Luna was confused, "What?"

"Look outside, you can see the toilet's light from here, it must've turned green since we've entered." Chloe said

Luna was surprised but after thinking for a bit, "My pants are wet anyway, if you want you can go to the toilet later but i think i'll skip."

Luna grinned towards Chloe who returned an even bigger grin, Luna already knew what this meant, even with the toilet on green they weren't even thinking of using it for the remainder of the evening.

They got their slushy and while happily sipping on them they started looking for a game to play, they both sucked at them but they were enjoying themselves.

After trying out a few games against Chloe they noticed Billy and Emma were waving to them to come over to their game. They were at the stepmania rythm/dancing game and they were challenging them to some matches. Luna had played this before so she was definitely in, Chloe wasn't opposed so they accepted the challenge.

Apparently Emma had beaten Billy a few times already, so Emma stayed on the machine while Chloe tried beating her, Luna was standing next to Billy while they watched the duel unfold.

Suddenly Billy said, "Oh that feels good, i had to pee so bad i couldn't concentrate on the game anymore."

Luna was confused for a second, but then noticed Billy's pants were glistening with wetness on the inside of his thighs, she thought he was joking earlier but apparently she was wrong about him... he was soaking his jeans!

Luna giggled, "Welcome to the club!"

_____________________________________

Turned out Luna and Emma were equally as good at the game and Chloe and Billy equally as bad which was creating some close matches between each duos.

Luna had just beaten Emma in a really close match when they took a break and let Chloe and Billy take over. As much as she loved to look at Chloe in her wet denim shorts she took out her phone and checked any news. There was a video posted in their class group chat and apparently it must be pretty good as it had a ton of reactions, she opened it to see what it was.

On the ship, right above central park there's a death ride (you hang secured on a cable and zip from one high part to a lower part, usually done over high heights to create an adrenaline kick) She still wanted to do that but they hadn't gotten to it yet. The video was apparently from the day before and it showed the death ride but something had gone wrong and it had malfunctioned, it had gotten stuck in the middle, so now the person was hanging several stories high above central park with no way of getting off. When the camera suddenly zoomed in she could now see to her own amusement that it was actually the karen who was stuck high up there. Luna was already starting to chuckle of just this view, she turned on the volume to hear what was going on.

"PATRIIIIIICK GET ME OFF OF THIS THING!" the karen yelled so loud the sound on her phone was crackling. "I WILL SUE ALL OF YOU!!"

Luna saw how her husband (who's name must've been Patrick) was now yelling at the guy in charge of the death ride.

She fast forwarded the video a few minutes, the karens face had changed from red to purple by now.

"I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!"

(The cruise was free though?) Luna fast forwarded a few minutes again, to her surprise the karen was still hanging there.

"PAAAAAATRICK! CALL THE COPS!!!"

(They were in the middle of the sea though?) Luna fast forwarded some more and got to the real good part.

Luna could hear Peyton in the video now,

"Oh god the karen is making it rain over central park!!" peyton shouted,

Luna realized the karen had started to piss herself and it was falling down unto central park below where people were walking by.

"YOU'RE FIRED!!!" (she pointed at the rides operator)

Luna couldn't hold it anymore and burst out in laughter.

She read the next few comments saying they had to wait for an expert on the ship with the right equipment to come and release her from the broken ride, they eventually did and she squeeled like a pig the entire time.

Luna now showed the video to Emma as well and they both burst out in laughter now at the sight of the karen hanging high up in the air. Chloe and Billy tied their match so they were gonna play one extra song as a tiebreaker. Seconds into the song Emma told Luna she needed to pee again.

"I noticed the toilets shifted to green outside the arcade now but my pants are wet anyway... so it doesn't hurt right?" Emma asked a bit sheepishly.

"It's fine, you don't have to go to the toilet if you don't feel like it." Luna reassured her, while adding, "i'm thinking of just letting go in my pants later as well actually."

In fact, Luna was looking forward to it. While she was still browsing on her phone she noticed in the corner of her eye how there was a new wet patch spreading downwards on Emma's pants with soon after a puddle forming at her feet. She soaked her pants once more and seemed to be enjoying herself and not at all bothered or embarrassed she just wet her pants again.

"Don't tell anyone ok?" Emma suddenly whispered to Luna, "I think i actually prefer peeing in my pants than on the toilet."

Emma was blushing while she admitted liking it, even in the dimly lit arcade Luna could tell.

She didn't see harm in telling her that she enjoyed it as well.

"We're not supposed to like it though, even if we do." Luna said,

Emma shrugged, "Well, on the cruise it's allowed, so does it really matter?"

Emma suddenly changed the topic, she leaned in closer and whispered again to Luna.

"Is Chloe your girlfriend?"

Luna was shocked and her face suddenly went to bright red, why did she ask that? Chloe was still playing the rythm game with Billy so she didn't hear the question.

"eeh, wha...? um no." Luna stammered. "Why do you ask?"

Emma explained, "I saw you two were holding hands in the theater earlier so i was just wondering if maybe you are more than just friends. I asked Billy but he wasn't sure."

"No no, we're just friends!" Luna whispered embarrassed,

Emma kept asking but now with a bit of a sad expression, "Oh, so you don't like Chloe like that?"

Luna whispered back "No no, i didn't say that i don't..." Luna cut off her sentence realizing she said too much.

"Oooh, so you do like her." Emma whispered back with widening eyes.

Luna had just realized she's a complete idiot, she tried to correct it but Emma wasn't having it.

Emma said with a cheesy smile on her face "I knew it!"

Luna almost begged, "Please don't tell anyone i said that, especially Chloe."

"Wait, Chloe doesn't even know? I think she likes you as well so why don't you tell her?" Emma whispered back.

Luna was speechless for a second but before she could regain her composure, Chloe and Billy were done with their game when they suddenly turned around and joined with Luna and Emma,

"Knew what?" Chloe asked,

Luna quickly chimed in, "Nothing, i have a hilarious video about that karen from karaoke earlier though!"

Succes, she had succesfully changed the subject when Chloe and Billy were crying from laughter halfway through the video. She just hoped Emma would keep her mouth shut.

Billy said they were done for the day as their parents had asked not to stay out too late so they said their goodbyes and he and Emma left towards their room.

End score: Emma had won from Luna but it was really close, Chloe won from Billy but it was even closer and went all the way to a tiebreaker.

____________________________________

Luna and Chloe went and played a few other games now, when Luna was feeling her bladder get full again. She had been looking forward to it since Emma and Billy had left, she was still intending to soak her pants when suddenly Chloe spoke up about her own need.

"So... i need to pee again." Chloe said looking at Luna with a grin.

Both girls their gaze now turned and they both looked at the toilets.

They had gone completely round in the arcade and were now standing at the entrance/exit, right through the door they could see the entrance to the toilets which were still on green.

Luna hadn't changed her mind yet though, she was still intending to let go in her pants and soak them again. But the toilet was literally a few meters away from them, was it weird if she would tell Chloe she was just gonna go in her pants anyway? What was she even thinking? Of course it's weird!

Luna was overthinking it again, before she had made her decision Chloe made it for her, she probably had noticed her indicisivenes and decided to help a little bit.

"Actually there was a game all the way on the other side we still haven't tried!" Chloe said with a fake surprised expression.

Luna had no idea what game she was talking about, "Oh yea you're right, it looked so cool, lets go try it!"

"I need to pee so badly though, lets hope we don't have an accident." Chloe said with the sarcasm dripping off of it.

They both laughed and to Luna's surprise Chloe grabbed her hand and she led her through the people further into the arcade and away from the toilet. There were a lot more people in the arcade now than when they had first arrived, still neither of them felt embarrassed about the state their pants were in.

Luna could feel butterflies in her stomach as she was following Chloe, still holding her hand she had a clear view of her butt with the still wet, but faded stain on from her earlier wetting. Chloe slowed down a little bit to get through the heaps of people that were cluttered around the slushy machine, she turned her head around to say something to Luna.

"Oops" Chloe said with a mischievous smile.

It's then that Luna saw a droplet run down on the inside of Chloe's thighs, and other ones started following. She realized what that "oops" meant, Chloe started walking again guiding Luna behind her.

She was following Chloe while weaving through the people and she could see her friend's jeans shorts getting soaked again, glistening pee was running down her legs while Chloe didn't seem to care that there were this many people around. Luna was following an angel going into heaven she felt like.

Luna felt her bladder asking for relief, even though she was strolling behind Chloe she eagerly let go in her pants. It seemed her bladder had finally understood that her pants were fair game even while walking.

They got to a more open area of the arcade and Luna had a nice view of Chloe who was still very much letting go in her pants as the back of her shorts were still glistening with pee while her legs were shining from wetness.

Meanwhile Luna was enjoying her own relief, she really needed to pee and it felt so good to let go in her pants. She felt the warmth and wetness had reached beyond her knees by now, she glanced downwards and her black jeans which weren't very noticably wet a minute ago were now very much glistening with pee while the lights of the various games were reflecting off of her pants, it was super obvious she was in the middle of wetting her pants, yet she didn't flinch or hesitate as she happily continued relieving herself.

They were almost at the back of the arcade when her stream subsided and the last drops went in her pants. Chloe let go of her hand and turned around,

The sarcasm poured out of her mouth, "I think i've had an accident!"

Luna burst out in laughter, "Holy shit that was amazing! Do you know how many people saw that?!"

"No idea, but quite a few should've, but nobody seemed to care!" Chloe said in an upbeat voice.

"Honestly, we're not the only ones here with wet pants but still!" Luna added,

"Oh god i'm still shaking, is it weird if i say that i really liked that?" Chloe said sheepishly

"Not to me!" Luna chuckled while saying that, "What game did you even want to play actually?"

"No idea!" Chloe shrugged, "I just didn't feel like going to the toilet!"

They were having fun with their wet adventure through the arcade, but turned out both of them were done with it for today. Chloe pointed out there was a good movie that was gonna start soon in the movie theater, Luna agreed to check it out. There wasn't enough time to go to their room and swap clothes as the detour would be too long, neither of them had a problem with this and decided they would just go in their wet pants.

Luna felt hyper aware of her wet pants, her wet panties were clinging to her butt and the wet denim was cool to the touch. Every time she moved she could feel the wetness and got reminded of the state her pants were in, no panic however, just excitement.

They picked up free drinks in the arcade and went on their way to the theater, exiting the arcade they also got reminded how much the dim lighting was covering the wet patch on their pants. They didn't seem to care though as they made their way through the hallways passing by people left and right.

When suddenly Chloe put her arm over Luna's shoulder while walking. Surprised by this sudden closeness but definitely not unwanted, usually they wouldn't be this physically close with each other. Luna answered by putting her arm around her waist and resting her hand on her hip when Chloe whispered in her ear.

"Maybe we shouldn't be so scared of not finding a toilet in time."

Luna wholeheartedly agreed and added, "Earlier i was getting excited for not finding a toilet in time, especially when Emma just went in her pants as if it's the most normal thing to do in such a situation. Thinking about it, maybe we should take it as an example?"

"Agree, talking about Emma, do you notice that since the start of the cruise and now, a lot more people are walking around in wet pants?" Chloe said, "I guess more and more people aren't bothered about wet pants anymore."

Luna agreed, they had seen a lot more people with visibly wet pants than in the beginning of the cruise, she also didn't believe they were all accidents. This only further strengthened the idea of not bothering about toilets so much.

They arrived at the movie theater on board of the ship, somewhere halfway on the way there they had let go of each other. They were now browsing the shop for snacks for during the movie. While walking around Luna felt her damp panties and denim against her skin, reminding her of her soaked pants which were arousing her more than anything, knowing she was standing in a mini shop with people around in wet jeans, even though they're black jeans some people must notice.

Talking about soggy jeans, they felt a bit cool to the touch and her bladder had refilled a little, Luna had noticed how her bladder was starting to get accustomed to releasing in her pants by now. Even though she didn't really need to pee she easily relaxed her bladder and let out a spurt welcoming the warmth in her panties, she quickly went for another spurt even though she hadn't planned on letting out that much, but it felt so good so she ended up letting out some more. Luna could feel how her crotch was warming up and pee was starting to soak downwards, it's not like anyone cares right now and Chloe is still picking out which candy she wanted anyway.

Luna wanted to enjoy it a little more while she waited, she relaxed her bladder again and she could feel her pee go in her panties and start to spread out, just as she stopped her stream again she realized she didn't actually want to stop it. While starting to relax her bladder again she felt a shiver, she welcomed the wave of warm wetness that quickly spread through her jeans downwards. Pee started cascading down her legs and she realized there had been already more in her bladder than she thought, no point in stopping now though.

Luna stood behind Chloe happily enjoying wetting her pants when Chloe was done choosing and turned around greeted by Luna who was casually wetting herself in front of her, Chloe could see how her pants had gotten shiny from the pee running down her legs.

When suddenly from behind Luna, "See mom! I told you it's ok to pee in your pants."

"Just because she does it, doesn't make it ok still." the girls mom interjected.

"But mooom, i don't want to leave halfway through the movie to go to the toilet!"

The mom sighed while contemplating, "we"ll see."

Luna really felt for the little girl, she had always felt the same when going to the movies. Get a big soda and be bursting to pee halfway through the movie and be forced to leave to go to the toilet. But not today though, she was very much intending to drink as much as she wanted and just wet herself and her seat whenever she wanted to.

Luna didn't feel embarrassed about what she had just done, clearly people had seen it, nobody really made a fuzz about it though. She was however, surprised she had done it, and so was Chloe. After getting each their drinks and snacks they left and went on their way towards the theater itself.

"I'm low key impressed that you just did that not gonna lie." Chloe said while slurping from her big coke.

Luna blushed, "I wasn't even intending to do that much, i was just letting out some spurts because why not, and then i just felt like letting it all out."

"It was more than i expected though but i didn't feel like stopping." Luna added afterwards.

Chloe gave her a fistbump and Luna felt weirdly proud about what she had done.

They took their seats and the movie began. Both girls wet themselves multiple times during the movie without a worry, halfway through the movie however during a slower scene she could hear the little girl with her mom from earlier, they were sitting behind them.

She said, "I really need to pee, can i please just let it go in my pants? Other people are also doing it."

Luna could hear the mom sigh even if she was sitting a row behind them.

"Fine, but only because we're on this messed up cruise."

"Thanks mom."

A few seconds later Luna could hear the girl let out a sigh paired with a barely audible 'aah', knowing she had started to wet herself while the movie picked up pace again and all other noises got drowned out.

_____________________________________

Their parents weren't back yet, but Emma was exhausted, a lot has happened today and she had a lot of fun with her brother, Chloe and Luna. She just got out of the shower and was wearing her pajamas while Billy was sitting on their parents bed and watching TV, she went to their room and crawled into her bed, she was spent. Letting out a long yawn while she grabbed a plushie she had won in the arcade today, it was really fluffy and soft. Pulling up the sheets to her chin while she got all comfy and relaxed with her plushie in her arms.

A few seconds later a trickle of pee dampened her panties, right after she let out a stream that started to spread in her pajamas, Emma welcomed the feeling of relief. A hissing sound emanated from under her bedsheet while she was happily emptying her bladder into her pajamas and bed.

Enjoying the feeling of her pee pooling underneath her while she could feel her pajamas and bed were getting soaked.

She would just tell her parents she woke up in a wet bed, just like yesterday when she had woken up in the middle of the night and after some contemplating decided that she didn't want to get up and rather let go in her bed. So she didn't worry at all, after all she had intentionally held her pee during her shower so she could enjoy this again. Only this time she didn't wait until the middle of the night.

Her stream started to subside after a while and the last trickle went into her pajamas, but she didn't notice it though... Emma had already drifted off in a deep slumber.

________________________________________

Hope you enjoyed!

I'm looking forward to starting on the next chapter because i'm pretty sure it'll be my favorite one 😊

It will follow Luna and Chloe with some big events happening 😄

*057*2022-12-29 06:00

Sorry for the long wait!

Also happy holidays to everyone who celebrates!

But here we go with chapter 13!

____________________________

Luna slowly opened her eyes, yawned, stretched and.. suddenly felt wetness... panicked for a second... and then realized the agreement with Chloe again and calmed down. She thought back on yesterday evening...

Yesterday evening when they had gotten back from the movie in soaked pants Luna and Chloe agreed that it's ok to wet the bed if either of them wanted to. Chloe had proposed this new agreement and Luna was over the moon with it, partly because that meant she didn't have to get up multiple times to go to the toilet anymore, but mostly it just meant she could let it flow in her pajamas and bed whenever she wanted to without judgement. And that's exactly what she had done in the middle of the night.

_________________________________

Now that Luna had calmed down and was still laying in her soggy bed she felt that she was bursting to pee. Without overthinking it she relaxed her bladder and let her morning pee out in her bed. She got greeted by the warmth in her crotch that quickly spread down and engulfed her, laying cozy and comfy underneath her bed sheets she enjoyed the wetness that was spreading underneath her. She shoved her hand in her panties to feel the stream going through her fingers, she was feeling blissful. She was gonna miss this when the cruise would eventually end.

Only when she let out the last few drops she realized Chloe was already awake, Luna got flustered knowing she probably heard the sound of her peeing on her side of the bed. she wasn't sure if Chloe had gone to the toilet or not during the night, embarrassed she said good morning.

"Good morning." Chloe answered while still groggy from sleeping, "Holy shit i actually slept so much better than last few nights, turns out not having to get up multiple times in the night for the toilet really helps getting a good nights rest." She said while stretching and yawning.

Just as Chloe was done stretching Luna could hear the unmistakable hissing sound coming from Chloe's side, she grinned and her embarrassment had faded knowing she wasn't the only one who had been wetting her bed.

Luna said with a grin, "Same, i slept really good."

Luna was very glad her friend was indulging in their new agreement, she felt nice and comfy in her wet bed and decided to turn on the tv and to their surprise there was an announcement from Dr. Neuhauss.

According to the video the ship will be docking at a port tomorrow to refuel and restock on food and other materials. Everyone can leave the ship and visit the local town if they desired. He specifically added in his weird energetic way of saying that this time however, "accidents aren't really allowed as this is obviously in public!"

"Accidents still can happen of course! ehehe, we understand that, but please make sure you don't damage anyone's properties this way!" Dr. Neuhauss explained.

He continued, "I'm also saying that because if i check some of the test results we can see a positive evolution! ehehe"

He then explained some of the results and apparently not to their surprise he said people weren't having as much problems with the drug anymore (Luna assumed he meant that people simply cared less and less about accidents)

"Especially with the younger people we notice there is almost no problems with side effects anymore, keep it up! ehehe" He said while giving a thumbs up, "For the people that are already a bit older it seems to vary quite a bit, but if alcohol comes in the equation it seems the tolerance to the side effects is lessened as well, not sure what we can do with that information but good to know i guess. ehehe" (Luna remembered the drunk woman openly wetting herself in the elevator, so that probably checks out Luna thought.)

"Oh and before i forget!! It has come to my attention that some of you more cheeky passengers have figured out some of the rotations for these toilets! Well it would be a shame if someone was to... mix it up a little bit! ehehe, good luck guessing the new rotations! This adventure is so much fun isn't it?!" Dr. Neuhauss finally ended with maximum enthousiasme as if he had just announced a new theme park or something.

A few days ago Luna and Chloe would've panicked hearing this, but now with everything that had already happened they didn't know if they should be happy about it as this might give them more excuses to wet their pants.

After the video ended they got up, showered and started their day.

___________________________________

Luna and Chloe were accompanied by Liv, Selena and Vicky. They were shopping in some of the clothing stores on the ship, choosing out new outfits for the evening.

Every day there's a little show accompanied with a band playing on one of the decks next to the pools, there are plenty of bars and apparently the ship's crew brings out lounge chairs as well. Their group of classmates had all agreed to go in the evening so Luna and Chloe agreed to join as well.

Luna usually wasn't a big fan of shopping and she usually dressed quite plain, a jeans with a tshirt and a black sweater or hoodie was all she needed usually, she also wasn't big on the make up game.

But Chloe had promised she was gonna give her a small make over, and Luna just couldn't say no when Chloe was also giving her compliments about her looks but (according to Chloe's opinion) she wasn't playing it to her strengths.

Chloe was picking out the clothes for Luna to try on while the other girls were also darting in and out of the fitting rooms. Chloe also picked out a bunch of stuff for herself when they went to the fitting rooms. There weren't that many rooms they noticed, probably because they needed to save space on the ship and sadly (or to Luna's luck) They were all occupied except one.

"In here!" Chloe said while dragging Luna in the only fitting room left.

Chloe started undressing immediately while Luna realized she actually got lucky for getting in this situation, they both undressed and changed into the new clothes to try on, Luna got a bit of fluttering feelings seeing Chloe half naked and standing this close to her. Trying not to stare she got dressed and they checked out their new outfits in the mirror.

Definitely more colorful than what she would usually wear but she did like it, Luna was wearing a red stylish designer jumpsuit with long legs that was showing quite some cleavage, although not slutty. A bit bold for her as she was usually quite timid, but she decided she was gonna give it a try.

While checking herself out in the mirror the thought crossed her mind how it would look like if she would wet them... Of course not here and not right now... but you never know what might happen in the evening... it would be incredibly visible however but Luna felt like that wasn't a deal breaker anymore, when they had entered the cruise ship she would've never even thought of doing something crazy as peeing in her clothes on purpose, let alone in public.

Chloe went a little bit more basic, but she had on a tight jeans with a white blouse that really suited her, it was really cute Luna thought.

They tried other stuff out but they eventually went with their first choice. Just in time they left the store as Luna felt her need to pee was getting pretty high by now, luckily the toilets were on green this time in central park.

Later they all ate lunch together happily chatting and gossipping about everything happening on the cruise as well as the announcement in the morning. The others also agreed that people started to care less about accidents which further explained Dr. Neuhauss his data.

Liv said in between bites from her sandwich, "I was mortified back on the train when i wet myself, i'm starting to realize it's not as big of a deal as i had initially thought."

"Girl, there's nothing to feel bad about, we all wet ourselves!" Vicky said with a mouthful of food.

"You didn't see Peyton wet herself yesterday though, i kind of felt bad for her." Luna said while taking a sip from her drink.

Chloe shrugged and said, "She should've just accept it and wet herself, literally no one would've batted an eye if she just... did it, if you know what i mean."

"Honestly about yesterday, please don't laugh! But we didn't try all that hard to find a green toilet, instead of running across the ship trying to find a toilet we just gave up and wet our pants because it was way more convenient." Selena admitted sheepishly.

Luna had always felt like her interest in wetting was weird, like a different planet of weird. But now she was casually talking about it with friends and she was loving it, even her friends weren't weirded out by it. Even though they seemed to be doing it more out of convenience then anything else.

But all this talk had made her want to wet her new jumpsuit even more, she was already starting to look forward to wearing her stylish new clothing in the evening and just letting go in them when she would find a good enough excuse... she was even contemplating to just do it even if she wouldn't find a proper excuse. Just thinking about it was already sending shivers over her spine.

___________________________________________

After lunch their group split up and Luna got dragged along by Chloe to go get a new haircut, then a manicure and after that they finally got their make up done by a professional.

Something that Luna normally wouldn't enjoy somehow became fun, just because she was doing it with Chloe. On top of that her heart had skipped a beat every time Chloe had given her a compliment on how she looked.

While Luna was sitting in the salon waiting for her hair to be done, she was staring at Chloe who was in the middle of getting hers done. Luna was reflecting on yesterday and what Emma had told her, she had so casually mentioned that she thought Chloe had feelings for her as well.

Emma had said some bold stuff the last few days, but arguably all of it was true... she couldn't disagree with the weird takes either. What are the odds she could be right about Chloe, even though Emma barely knew her.

Luna was pondering over this while still staring at Chloe, Luna had decided before she would try to forget about her feelings for Chloe but so far that hadn't really worked out at all.

Luna couldn't figure out if she was imagining the signals, or they were just mixed signals.

Argh, she couldn't figure it out, but she wasn't really getting any further as she was changing her mind over and over again.

Luna caught herself overthinking again, maybe Emma was right and she should just tell Chloe how she felt about her even if she was most likely gonna be rejected, correction, of course she'll be rejected, there's no shot Chloe has feelings for her... but then there was the hand holding... argh, she was overthinking again...

"Earth to moon aka Luna, it's your turn!" Chloe waved, "Stop dreaming!"

Luna woke up from her daydreaming, got up and swapped seats with Chloe.

After the haircut they went on for the manicure to get their nails done and other treatments to finally end up getting their make up done. During all this they have had acces to a toilet every time, funnily enough Luna started to feel a little bit let down by the new toilet rotations, now that she was getting more confident she started to look for excuses to wet herself but the toilets kept ending up green for now.

Once they were done with everything they started to walk around the ship looking what they were gonna get for dinner, they finally stumbled on a pizzeria and to their surprise it was also free, usually everything that wasn't buffet you had to pay extra, they gladly sat down and ordered their pizza.

_____________________________________________

Luna got dressed for the evening and was looking at herself in their bathroom mirror, she looked stunning, she was perplexed what a new haircut, make up and the clothes that Chloe had chosen for her could do. Not that she ever was unhappy with how she looked, but usually she didn't really care all that much. Right now she didn't look like the timid girl that always stood at the sidelines.

Luna walked out of their bathroom and Chloe her eyes widened, "Girl, you look hot!"

Luna could feel herself starting to blush.

Chloe added, "Please leave some guys for me will ya!"

Why did she have to say that... she wasn't interested in anyone other than Chloe right now but it really seemed that feeling wasn't mutual... she decided to try and ignore her own feelings as much as possible and try to have a good time at the party.

They eventually left to go to the party at the top deck where the rest of their friends and classmates were.

____________________________________________

It was getting dark outside but it was hard to tell as the whole top deck was full of light and ambience. A good chunk of the deck was also equipped with fire pits with surrounding lounge/bean bags, some single seats but also what seemed like lounge bags big enough where you could sit with two. There were stalls serving food and drinks with music everywhere, people were dancing all around the pools and it really looked like a good time. They mingled in the crowd and found their friends who were dancing, Luna and Chloe got compliments left and right how good they looked, Luna was feeling confident which is a bit rare for her, normally in these situations she's more of an onlooker from the sidelines but now she decided to join, dance and have a good time.

Not completely to her surprise she saw Chloe walk off towards the grill and go order some more food, even if they had eaten pizza not so long ago.

After a while they all took a break and went for another round of drinks, while standing at the side of the pool. Suddenly a group of guys their age joins in and started socializing, Luna not being the most social of the bunch was gonna take her usual spot at the sideline and just listen to the conversations. When she realized that option didn't seem possible, the most handsome of the bunch tried to start a conversation with her, she wasn't sure why and she wasn't all too interested in fact. Luna's attention however went out to the other side of the group, where Chloe had started a conversation with one of the other guys, for the first time Luna felt a sting of jealousy, she tried to ignore it however. Of course her friend would flirt with the guy, what was she even thinking. The DJ screamed something in his mic and a new song started up hyping up the crowd.

Luna tried to forget it and excused herself as she needed the toilet. The idea of wetting herself definitely lingered in her mind but there was no excuse right now as the evening was still young and all toilets were open.

Almost reluctantly she got out of her jumpsuit and dropped herself on the toilet, she loved her new outfit but it was so annoying to get it off every time she needed to pee.

When she was done and exited her cubicle to wash her hands she got greeted by Peyton and Liv who were doing the same.

Peyton suddenly said, "Hey Luna, that hot guy is trying to flirt with you and you're just gonna ignore him? If you're not gonna go for him i will!"

"Huh, what?" Luna answered confused, "I don't know, he just started talking to me."

Peyton and Liv looked at each other baffled while Liv said, "She doesn't even realize."

Peyton walked over to Luna, pushed her head so it rotated and faced towards the mirror so Luna had to look at herself now.

"You're really gonna make me say it aren't you?" Peyton said jokingly, "You're the hottest one in the group cupcake, of course he tried to flirt with you, look at yourself!"

Liv added, "Chloe really did a great job today not gonna lie, i guess she really wanted you to score tonight!"

Luna was sheepishly looking at herself in the mirror, letting it sink in what they were saying, so she was the most attractive in their group? Really? While they left the toilets to regroup with the others she was overthinking what Liv had said though, Chloe had done a great job on the mini make over indeed, but Luna hadn't given it much thought that Chloe might have done that to get her to score some date. All she was thinking about was Chloe so she hadn't realized that option.

A new song started and the crowd got hyped once more, the music was loud. Everyone was dancing again and Luna spotted Chloe who was dancing with the guy from before, she was smiling and looked happy while she was dancing way too close to him Luna thought. She realized that the guy Chloe was dancing with was probably her type and that she might be into him.

First jealousy, then sadness, and then she felt anger, because she felt like an idiot for thinking that there might have been a chance that Chloe had feelings for her.

Luna got another drink and the guy from earlier returned, she apologized for earlier and she finally started talking to him. Apparently his name was Jake and he seemed charming after all, they started dancing and while the guy was doing everything right Luna had a hard time to really care about him. She tried though, he seemed like a good guy. It was now obvious to her he was flirting with her but she didn't mind.

Jake seemed to be interested in her though as they started talking, they talked about their hobbies (Luna felt herself being much less interesting than Jake) and favorite music as well as agreeing that the DJ was a bit full of himself when he shouted in his mic one more time, although they agreed on that the music was good.

Luna saw Liv doing a gesture towards her, she probably meant "good job with the hot guy". she felt herself blush a little bit, this was more attention than she was used to.

When Luna realized she hadn't seen Chloe in a while, she glanced around for her on the dance floor until she realized Chloe wasn't dancing anymore.

Chloe was sitting all alone at one of the bars on a stool, she looked sad, almost gloomy even. Luna could swear Chloe was looking at her just a split second ago before her eyes had found her.

When Jake excused himself to go and take a leak Luna walked towards Chloe, she wondered what was wrong.

By the time Luna had come close to her, Chloe her smile was back on her face.

"Hey what's up?" Chloe said with an upbeat voice, "Told you you would score tonight!"

"Yea he's nice i guess, but how are you doing?" Luna asked, it wasn't that same Chloe smile she was used to and for sure something was bothering her.

Chloe replied in an upbeat voice, "I'm good! Just taking a break and err... i wasn't really feeling that guy, but don't worry about me and get back to your date!"

Not entirely sure what was going on with Chloe at this point but Luna realized that she didn't actually want to spend the evening with Jake, even though there was nothing wrong with him, she knew very well who she wanted to spend her evening with.

A short silence fell and after a couple of seconds Luna finally said, "Actually i think i just want to spend the evening with you."

She quickly added, "If that's ok of course?"

Chloe's eyes widened a bit, she quickly agreed and they ordered new drinks for themselves and after a bit of chatting Chloe asked if she wanted to dance a bit, Luna said yes but also apologized to Jake when he returned and said she would dance a bit with her friend.

"Are you sure about letting that Jake guy go like that?" Chloe asked

"Oh yea, i've made my decision." Luna answered immediately,

Chloe frowned a bit, "Was something wrong with him?"

Luna thought for a bit and shrugged, "hmm, no not really, he was really charming."

She was playing a dangerous game here Luna felt, she admitted to let go of a charming guy that was nothing wrong with, to dance with her friend. But she also noticed how Chloe was having fun again as she could tell her actual smile had gotten back.

After a couple songs Luna noticed the rest of the gang had found a place in the lounge chairs that had come free, they had enough seats for everyone and it had a fire pit in the middle, they had gotten lucky as there weren't many of these bigger spots with seats and fire pit in the middle. They kept dancing for a while longer until they noticed their group was signing to them to come over so they stopped and walked over to them.

Just in time she realized as the group were ordering drinks and even though she was feeling quite buzzed by now she ordered another drink. To her joy Luna noticed how there was only one seat left, a duo seat. She tried brushing it off like it was nothing but she was happy for this coincidence.

Luna plunged down in the seat and signed Chloe to join, which she did.

This didn't actually mean anything of course, as it's not too weird that she would dance with her friend and sit together like this, but nonetheless Luna felt like she was enjoying this evening a lot more already.

Sitting next to Chloe in the soft and comfy lounge chair, it looked a bit like an oversized beanbag, but the way it was designed made it that it was slightly pressing them together and she was hyper aware of how close Chloe was sitting to her. Luna could feel her thigh brushing against Chloe's whenever one of them moved.

They all got their drinks and they were happily chatting while sitting around the fire pit, some of the guys had joined and Luna noticed Jake now sitting with Peyton. Luna didn't mind, she had given away the opportunity after all, a bit later she noticed her phone vibrate and checked her messages and to her surprise it was Peyton sending an apology. She grinned a bit before sending back that it was all fine.

They were all in good spirits and it seemed like the evening/night would continue on like this in good spirits. But oh was Luna wrong about this...

Luna glanced at Chloe and she got surprised by her look, she was staring off in the distance somewhere further on the deck, her face was pale as if she had seen a ghost.

"Hey what's wrong?" Luna asked spooked,

"That over there... is Caitlyn... with that group of people next to the pool." Chloe said with a shaking voice, "They saw me i think and they're coming over here."

Luna was confused for a second until it came back to her, the night Chloe had explained her past and the bullying that had happened on her old school. Chloe had told her story and this Caitlyn girl had been the main instigator and reason for her bullying, Chloe hadn't gone into detail but Luna knew enough that she was Chloe's worst enemy. Just as she recalled the story she could see Chloe her shoulders drop and sink inside their chair. She looked frightened, frail and scared. Nothing like the Chloe she usually knew, but this did remind her of the time they had met and she remembered Chloe being a lot more timid back then but she quickly developed her more bold and open personality when becoming friends with Luna.

Right now Luna felt like she needed and wanted to protect Chloe, she looked absolutely terrified as Caitlyn approached them with some of the other people behind her, Luna assumed they were Caitlyn's friends.

"Look who we have here!! It's my number one favorite person Chloe!" Caitlyn squeeled, "We missed you so much!"

Luna didn't even need to hear whatever was gonna come next, she could almost feel the viciousness emanating from her.

Luna sneered back, "Leave her alone! The ship is big enough so go somewhere else!"

The others from her group had all gone silent now, they all realized something was going on, not sure who this Caitlyn girl was but everyone could feel the sudden tension spike.

"Relax, i'm just catching up with my dearest friend here!" Caitlyn feigned, "And who might you be?"

Before anyone could reply Caitlyn continued, "Hold up! You are her girlfriend? I can't believe she finally scored! It's so cute you're trying to defend her as well!"

Luna was confused now but she could also feel Chloe trembling at this point.

Chloe shouted, "Shut up and leave! Please..." She almost mumbled the last words,

Caitlyn her gaze went over them, gauging the situation, seeing Chloe's reaction and Luna's confused expression she came to her conclusion and continued.

"Oh wait i'm wrong, she's way out of Chloe's league i just realized!" Caitlyn said while her friends behind her were laughing. "What did she tell you about me? Seems like you know some but not the whole story don't you?"

Luna sneered back, "Enough to know you're no good!"

Someone behind Caitlyn shouted while laughing, "Cait, they don't know!"

"Shut up!" Chloe yelled with her voice cracking,

Luna could see fear on her face now, everything was going so fast she didn't know exactly was going on but she could tell Chloe was on the verge of breaking down.

"She's a fucking dyke(offensive slang for lesbian), i'm guessing you didn't know that yet! Oh Chloe remember what we did to your bike? (the people behind her laughed again) Or the time in the dressing room?" (again laughter from behind her)

Chloe suddenly jumped up and ran away, Luna was too shocked to do something while some of the guys had stood up deciding they had seen and heard enough, realizing whoever this group was that they didn't have any good intentions.

"Oops! I guess i just dragged her out of the closet? Again?!" Caitlyn laughed almost hysterically,

They decided it was time for them to leave though as they turned around and left while the entire group was laughing hysterically over their 'joke'. They started walking back to their original spot.

Luna stood up, she wanted to follow Chloe, comfort her, tell her everything will be ok, but first she had to do something else.

"Um, Luna? Where are you going?" The others asked confused and worried when she walked in the other direction Chloe went.

Introverted and timid Luna had reached her limit, she had seen the utter fear on Chloe's face. That night flashed in front of her eyes how Chloe had bawled her eyes out while telling her story about her past school, now the puzzle pieces were falling together and she realized she didn't know the full story. All of that didn't matter though, she felt pure anger and resentment rise up inside her and she could only see a target on the back of Caitlyn as she was walking towards her.

She was the one who had hurt Chloe and she was gonna pay for it.

Luna caught up to them right when they got back to the side of the pool, without any warning she grabbed Caitlyn with her hair and blouse and with all her might and weight she swung her into the pool, with the power of surprise on her side Caitlyn had never seen it coming and while screaming she flew head first into the pool, in her tumble she had dropped her phone and purse. Luna kicked the purse after her with it's contents spraying out around in the pool.

Just as Caitlyn her head came up out of the water Luna kicked her phone after her, it bounced off of the water surface and hit her right into her face.

Before people had fully realized what happened Luna had already bolted away, looking where Chloe went.

Peyton, Liv, Vicky, Selena and the rest of their group stood with their mouth's agape, Luna wouldn't normally hurt a fly but she had just went berserk and catapulted the witch, whoever she was, into the pool. They didn't know the full story but they caught the gist of it.

____________________________________

Luna had walked around the deck and in some of the hallways until she finally found Chloe sitting in a chair in a zone that was normally for daily activities but was now closed and empty during the remainder of the evening/night.

Chloe's shoulders were dropped, with her head down and resting it on her arm. Luna walked up to her, her heart broke when she heard her snicker and saw the tears rolling down her face.

Luna crouched down in front of Chloe, trying to comfort Chloe but she faced away from Luna, hiding her face partially.

"I checked if the witch could swim, hope you don't mind." Luna said in a low voice but with a bit of a grin on her face.

Chloe said with a low but confused voice, "You did what?"

"I tossed Caitlyn in the pool and kicked her phone and purse after her." Luna said with a massive grin on her face.

Chloe now faced Luna, her make up had slightly ran out. Her mouth agape, "You didn't."

"Oh i absolutely did!" Luna said with a big smile on her face.

"Why?!"

"Apparently i don't know the full story of what happened, but i do know she deserved it!" Luna said, "I don't know what Caitlyn said is true, but if it is, you don't have to worry about it ok."

Chloe sighed, and started to fill in the story she had partially told before, "Years ago i told this girl on my school i had feelings for her, i trusted her. She responded with 'I need to think about it'." Chloe had dropped her head and continued her story, "At the end of the school day i went home with a pretty good feeling, if she said she had to think about it that meant she must have feelings as well right? Otherwise she would've just said no or something. But oh was i wrong."

Luna took out a wipe and started to clean some of the make up that had ran out from her crying.

"When i got to school next day i learned that everyone in my class knew about... me liking girls." Luna could see how uncomfortable Chloe was as she was forcing out the words. "And then the bullying started, i lost the few friends i had and up to this day i don't understand what i saw in that girl... she turned into the Caitlyn you met earlier."

"Oh shit!" Luna felt awful in Chloe's stead. "I don't get something though, you always talked with the others about guys as if it was the most normal thing? Like i remember even a few days ago in the pool, and earlier you flirted with that guy..."

"I tried to hide it as much as possible by pretending i was straight, because i was afraid for something similar to happen like on my previous school and..." Chloe cleared her throat, "and lose you."

"You won't lose me silly!" Luna comforted her, reassuring her everything is fine between them.

"So... we're still friends? And i don't have to sleep on the couch?" Chloe asked,

"Why would you need to sleep on the couch??" Luna answered while laughing,

Chloe was starting to get her smile back now, "I just thought... never mind, the years of bullying really messed me up, i thought everyone including you would resent me like Caitlyn did, i just felt like a weirdo."

Luna reassured her, "There's nothing wrong with you, and i don't think you have to worry about the rest of the class either!"

Luna had pulled out her phone a while earlier, it had been buzzing frequently, she checked the group chat and as she had hoped her fellow classmates had put comforting messages towards Chloe saying it's all ok. Chloe her eyes widened as she was reading the chat, a load fell off her shoulders seeing what everyone said.

"You don't have to pretend anymore, just be yourself from now on. Also you can tell me everything and i promise i'll still be here, ok?" Luna said reassuringly. She wanted to continue and say the rest of what was on her mind, tell her how she felt about her but she couldn't get the words out. Before she could open her mouth again,

"Even... even if i told you that..." Chloe stammered through her sentence, "that i've had a crush on you since like... a week after we met?"

Luna couldn't believe her ears anymore, Chloe was sitting in front of her with her gaze to the ground, her face was bright red. Luna's head was spinning.

"I... I'm so sorry, i don't know why i said that, forget i said that please! I wasn't thinking." Chloe stammered, "I'm such an idiot, i understand if you want me to sleep on the couch or change rooms."

Luna tried to find words, "Stop saying that about the couch thing already!"

"So we're still friends? Right?" Chloe looked up at Luna with tears in the corner of her eyes,

Luna thought for a second, gathered her thoughts as much as possible and answered, "Actually no."

Chloe's eyes widened and her mouth went open and closed again, as Luna realized her mistake when she could see Chloe's living soul escape from her body.

"I didn't mean it like that!" Luna quickly intervened, "I meant that... since a few days ago i... What i'm trying to say..." She took a deep breath, "I want to be more than just friends!"

There... she said it, she finally said what was on her mind all this time, she let out a deep breath and looked at Chloe's face... but she didn't react...

"Hello? Chloe you ok?" Luna said as she waved her hand in front of her face. No reaction, The rollercoaster of emotions was too much for her to handle and she seemingly went into shock.

"Oh here you guys are, finally. For a second i thought you might have gone to your room. Anyway, the show is starting soon and people are asking for your spots all the time." Liv walked up to them, "Chloe are you ok? Don't worry about that bitch, security escorted her away after we told them what had happened."

Chloe came back to life it seemed, she answered with a small voice "Yea i'm fine, i think. Isn't it better if i just go to my room and call it a day?"

"Come on don't let that bitch ruin your night!" Liv said as she gestured they start moving.

"Come on, it's fine." Luna said as she grabbed Chloe's hand and gently made her follow.

_________________________

The three of them got back to their spot and their group cheered that Chloe was back. Luna could see a smile on Chloe's face while also getting flustered from all the attention.

Luna was happy their duo lounge chair was kept free for them, or had their group done that on purpose? She wasn't sure but she didn't care either.

Luna plunged down on the chair and signed Chloe to follow. When she sat down as well Luna grabbed a fresh drink that their group had ordered for them and maybe it was due to the alcohol in her system, or was it the adrenaline still from earlier? She wasn't sure but she didn't care what their group would think of her next action.

Luna lifted her one arm up and draped it over Chloe's shoulders, inviting her in an embrace, Chloe immediately leaned in and accepted Luna's embrace. Luna wasn't really thinking at all, so much had happened in so little time but suddenly she had Chloe in one arm and a delicious drink in the other hand. She didn't really care what the others would think of this while she could feel Chloe getting comfortable and lean in even more and rest her head on Luna's shoulder. With Chloe now so close Luna could even smell her shampoo, she was relishing every moment of this.

To Luna's surprise and pleasure their group including the guys just kept chatting along about how the bitch had gone head first into the pool without commenting at all about her and Chloe's embrace. Employees were handing out blankets to keep everyone warm while the night air was starting to cool off, Liv spread a blanket over Luna and Chloe which they thanked her for.

The show started and while it wasn't anything special, there was a band playing live in the middle of the area, but together with the mood, drinks and fire pits it was a pleasurable experience all together. Luna could feel how Chloe draped her hand over her lap now that the blanket was hiding this from the rest. Luna set down her glass for a bit and put her hand under the blanket and both their hands met, they intertwined their fingers while Chloe lifted her face up a little so she could look at Luna.

Both girls looked each other in the eyes while Luna could see a sparkle in Chloe's eyes, they leaned in and their lips connected. The sound and everything else around them faded out, the only thing Luna felt was the heat of Chloe's body and her soft lips pressed against hers. The butterflies in Luna's stomach started doing a victory dance, she didn't care their entire group could, and probably was seeing this, she was completely immersed in the moment as they kissed for what seemed an eternity even though it was only a simple kiss for not longer than a few seconds tops.

They looked at each other mesmerized, Chloe started blushing and quickly buried her face in Luna's shoulder and neck area. Luna came back to reality and realized she had just kissed Chloe for the first time, but also everyone must have seen that as it had gotten quiet she now noticed.

"I gotta admit, that guy is pretty good with his guitar."

"Yea, the show isn't crazy or anything, but just perfect for what it needs to be."

"Lets be real here, the real show was Luna throwing that bitch in the pool, no show in the world can top that!" Everyone in the group laughed at Peyton's joke.

Luna realized their whole group pretended to not have seen anything just now, it was obvious though as they had gone quiet until just now. Luna couldn't stop smiling and grinning the entire time, she noticed the same was true for Chloe as she popped her face out of hiding realizing the coast was clear.

Luna did have a problem though... She hadn't been to the toilet in a while and she was bursting to pee, but with everything happening she hadn't even thought about it, but the drinks were definitely catching up to her. Only now she noticed how Chloe was fidgeting under her blanket, it must mean she also was desperate.

Immediately her thoughts came back from earlier today, how she wanted to wet her new red jumpsuit. A real excuse wasn't there, but she really didn't feel like getting up now that she was so comfy with Chloe in her arms. Luna gave a squeeze in Chloe's hand which made her move her head up so Luna could whisper in her ear.

Luna whispered, "If you need to pee and in case you don't want to leave, i'm ok with it if you do it here."

Chloe's eyes widened, "Yea i really didn't want to get up now, but are you sure?" she whispered back, she shyly added, "Your pants might get wet as well."

Luna wanted to answer, then changed her mind, she realized she didn't need to hold back anymore while talking to Chloe, she could be more open from now on.

With her heart beating like crazy Luna whispered, "I'm counting on it."

Chloe laid her head back down on Luna's shoulder and after about a minute of waiting, what felt like an eternity Luna felt a small squeeze in her hand. She guessed this meant Chloe was peeing.

A few seconds later Luna felt something on her butt, she felt wetness. Right after that a familiar warmth slowly spreading under her, only this familiar warmth wasn't coming from herself this time. Luna's mind almost went blank as she realized Chloe's pee was pouring through her jeans, spreading on the lounge bag and was wetting luna's pants. She didn't flinch however, as she happily enjoyed the feeling of her pants getting soaked in Chloe's pee. Luna had already been feeling flustered with everything happening with Chloe, sitting so close and kissing her. But now it cranked up to an eleven as she could feel her face getting bright red.

"I can feel and hear your heart beating like crazy." Chloe whispered while a grin was plastered on her face.

"Who's fault is that you think?" Luna whispered back with an even bigger grin.

With the blanket on them they couldn't see the damage but Luna was pretty sure the entire back of her jumpsuit had a big wet patch now, Chloe's jeans must have an even bigger wet patch than hers. Luna her bladder got hit by a wave of desperation as she got reminded of her own need.

Luna whispered, "You don't mind if i also..."

Chloe cut Luna off and whispered, "Of course not, just let it go."

Luna didn't need more than that. She realized she had been holding it longer than in the last few days and she gladly relaxed her bladder. Without a second thought or flinch she let out her full stream into her panties, almost immediately she felt her pee soak through her panties and into her jumpsuit. Her crotch started to heat up as her clothes were soaking up the pee as much as possible, but quickly it started to spread downwards and add to Chloe's wetness from before. It pooled around her butt this time and she relished the feeling. Luna was fully peeing her brand new designer clothes in the middle of the deck surrounded by what must be hundreds of people. Only obscured by a single blanket and she was loving it.

Luna felt a squeeze in her hand and Chloe tilted her head up.

Chloe whispered with a grin, "hehe, It feels nice and warm."

Luna couldn't believe all of this was really happening, she could probably wake up at any given time and realize this entire cruise was a dream, just a figment of her imagination.

But no, it was really happening as she was staring in Chloe's beautiful eyes. They leaned in again for another kiss, it was a weird sensation Luna felt like, she was still peeing her pants while kissing her. When their kiss ended Luna her stream subsided as her bladder was finally emptied.

Luna slowly came back to her senses and noticed the band was still playing but was now walking in between the people as well, playing their instruments in between the people. Meanwhile she could still feel her pee slowly soaking in the fabric of the lounge bag.

On the bridges connecting the smaller pools together they could see there were acrobats performing tricks with fire, like fire breathing and juggling burning torches, it was pretty epic, but not as epic as peeing her pants while kissing her... girlfriend? She wasn't sure what they were right now, they'll figure that out later.

Luna let go of Chloe to duck and grab her drink of the ground as she had gotten thirsty again. When she sit back up it was Chloe that put her arm around Luna this time, Luna happily obliged and sunk deeper into the lounge bag and leaned in on Chloe, resting her head on her shoulder and in her neck. They were effectively mirroring their previous way of sitting

"You know what, this might be the best day of my life." Luna happily said while she snuggled closer to Chloe.

Chloe responded half jokingly, "Same here! However i do feel like my alarm clock can wake me up at any moment now and realize i have to go to school and all of this was a dream."

"Same!"

They both laughed at the fact they shared the same thought.

"You know what's kind of funny?" Luna asked rethorically, "If Caitlyn hadn't showed up with her bitching, this wouldn't have happened."

Chloe thought about this for a second, "True, i would've probably just kept my act up and be sitting here being jealous every time a guy tried to flirt with you, which i brought up on my self by the way because i wanted to make you happy, so i tried my hardest with that make over so you could get a date or something, not that you even needed it because you already look hot. I don't know what i was thinking honestly."

"haha yea what were you thinking? All this time all i wanted was you, and you kept blabbering about getting guys." Luna was smiling like an idiot,

"I didn't even think that you liking me was even a possible option, i was already happy with just having you as a friend, even though i wanted more." Chloe admitted sheepishly.

"Well surprise, i like you a lot actually, i'm an idiot for only realizing it when we were already on the cruise though."

After some time went by and the Band started a new song Chloe had come up with a new question.

"Did you actually have a plan when you said to just wet my pants?" Chloe whispered, "I don't know how much longer this show is gonna last and as far as i know i think all the toilets are open, so what's the excuse here?"

Luna answered, "I'm drunk and i didn't think, honestly i have no idea how we're gonna get away with this!"

They both giggled as they realized they were totally screwed...

That didn't stop them from having a good time though.

__________________________________________

Oh wow this suddenly got long 😅

*063*2022-12-30 05:01

You're all too kind 😊

I'll keep working further on this story in time 👌

*064*2023-01-04 02:19

Chapter 14 everyone! This continues the party where it left off.

(Next chapter will be the visit to the town when the ship boards.)

_____________________________________________

"You two look adorable together." Selena said to Luna and Chloe while passing them their fresh drinks.

Luna and Chloe were blushing heavily while accepting their soda's, Luna had felt herself getting drunk so she switched to soda.

They were still relaxing in the lounge bag together and Luna was happily laying in Chloe's embrace while sipping her drink. On the other side of their group was Peyton sitting on Jake's lap while making out with him, not that Luna minded Peyton running off with Jake. She had Chloe now after all and on top of that she secretly felt like it was a compliment for her that Jake had tried flirting with her first.

The show had ended by now but the band was still playing in the middle of the deck while some people had started dancing again.

Selena passed out the rest of the drinks and sat back down on her spot.

"Where's Liv? She left a while saying she wanted to do 'something' but i haven't seen her back yet?" Selena said,

Nobody knew were she had went until Peyton spotted her.

"Found her, she's... wait what?" Peyton said surprised,

Everyone followed her gaze and they now spotted Liv in the crowd on the dance floor, that in itself wasn't special but it's who she was with. Liv was slow dancing together with their... teacher?!

"She didn't want to do 'something', i'm pretty sure she wants to do 'someone'!" Peyton laughed,

Liv had never really openly acknowledged this but their whole class kind of knew she was into their teacher who was still relatively young, somewhere in his twenties. To the rest of the class amusement she would often try to help their teacher during class while denying afterwards she had no ulterior motives. They knew better though.

"Let her do, we're not on school and it's only a few months until the end of the year." Selene said shrugging, "let them enjoy things!"

"Just don't mention it to anyone on your school, you know, so your teacher doesn't get in trouble." Jake added,

They quickly agreed to not spread the word what they had just seen, the group eased into a new topic to talk about now.

"It would be pretty crazy if they would like... hook up no?" Selena said,

Vicky chuckled and answered with another question, "Still, would it be as crazy as Luna chucking that girl into the pool? Also don't forget that afterwards 'that' happened" she pointed in the direction of Luna and Chloe.

"Talking about that bitch, who was that actually?" Peyton asked,

Luna shifted a bit to see how Chloe would react to that question, and after a few seconds Chloe started talking.

"Her names Caitlyn, and she made my life a living hell for years at my previous school."

Chloe explained the situation completely, even though she didn't go in as much detail as a few days ago. She still added how she had told the story before to Luna but that she had left out the part where she was outed to the whole school that time. How she was terrified of her secret coming out to everyone and thinking that when Caitlyn had spilled her secret earlier she would be all alone once more, and perhaps even bullied. Her voice had cracked a few times throughout the story but Luna was glad to see she managed to keep her eyes dry.

"If i had known that i would've helped you toss her over the railing of the ship to be fair!" Jake intertwined while everyone started laughing,

Selena said, "We were so confused and then shocked when Luna suddenly walked up to her and just tossed her into the pool like that."

"Actually i kind of wish i had seen it happen now, seeing her tumble into the pool sounds like a great show." Chloe said smiling, "Also, thanks for doing that." Chloe almost whispered the words in Luna's ears.

Peyton suddenly got up and walked over to them, "Well actually! What if i told you i filmed it, when i saw her face when she got up i felt like i had to take out my phone and film whatever was gonna happen."

She took her phone out of her pocket and continued, "But honestly Luna, now i see 'this'," Peyton circled her finger in the air towards Luna and Chloe, she was referring to the obvious change between them. "everything makes so much more sense how you went after that bitch."

The video started and Luna was a bit surprised of herself actually, she did look like she was out for blood even seeing it on the small screen of the smartphone. And then she saw how she threw Caitlyn into the pool while kicking her stuff after her.

"Holy shit Luna!" Chloe said out loud with a big smile on her face.

"We're telling you, she went berserk over you!" Vicky said, "But yea now everything makes more sense."

The amounts of attention was getting too high for Luna at this point, she pulled up the blanket and hid her face under it while she could feel her face was getting hot from embarrassment. At the same time she felt weirdly proud at what she had done.

While Luna was relishing this night in Chloe's arms, she hadn't completely come to terms with the fact that she wasn't straight as she had always thought. She felt uneasy and conflicted about it, was she lesbian? Perhaps, maybe bi? She hadn't really given it a proper thought yet but she knew for sure she was shy about it.

"I don't know why but i kind of had a feeling about you two." Peyton suddenly said,

Vicky chuckled, "Weird flex but ok."

"So Luna, are you lesbian then? Selena blurted out, but quickly adding, "Ah sorry, you don't need to answer that if you don't want to."

Luna could feel her face get even hotter by now while still hiding her face under the blanket, she answered in honesty, "I don't even know, i only know that i realized a few days ago that i was ignoring my feelings."

Luna couldn't keep hiding for ever under her blanket so she finally popped her head out again.

She also added, "I guess i'm still a bit conflicted about it, everything went a bit fast i guess. But I do know i would toss Caitlyn in the pool again if i had to though."

The entire group laughed out loud about this fact, which undoubtedly was true.

"Understandably, but you don't need to be embarrassed, just kiss already!" Selena said,

Luna still with a bright red face started to hide her face again under the blanket.

She could hear some of the group laughing about her shyness.

Luna suddenly felt Chloe's hand under her chin lifting her head up. She kissed Luna on her lips, this time it was a more intimate kiss though. Luna could feel her embarrassment fade as she kissed back and wrapped her arm around her waist hugging her tighter than before.

Again she could feel the butterflies going around in her stomach while they kissed for several seconds.

In the background Luna could hear her classmates letting out small cheers while somewhere in the distance she could hear someone randomly letting out a "woo!!" , suddenly out of nowhere she could hear a fake camera shutter sound of a smartphone taking a picture.

They got spooked and broke off the kiss, Peyton had apparently taken a picture of them kissing. Peyton must've realized it was inappropriate when she apologized.

"Um sorry about that, i didn't mean anything with it, i wanted you to have a picture as a memory of this." Peyton said apologeticly, "I'll send it to you and delete it on my phone don't worry!"

Peyton showed her phone afterwards proving she had deleted the picture of them.

They quickly forgot about the incident, Peyton clearly hadn't had bad intentions. Actually, lately Luna was starting to tolerate Peyton more, at school she usually couldn't stand her all that much but on this cruise she felt like she wasn't that bad somehow, maybe she was finally growing up.

"Alright but now i really need to go pee to be honest, i'll be right back." Peyton said as she stood up.

"Same!" Vicky and Selena said while also standing up.

Jake stopped her in her tracks as he read his phone, "My friends just texted me that all the toilets closed in the vicinity, oh wait that message is from 20 minutes ago already."

The other friends of Jake had left earlier and apparently realized there weren't any toilets open anymore, it's just Luna, Chloe, Vicky, Selena, Peyton and Jake in the group now.

"What!?" Peyton shouted in panic, "Fuck this cruise man!"

"Oh so that's what that commotion was about earlier" Chloe said,

Luna had noticed it as well but also wasn't sure what the commotion was about, that must've been from people finding out about the toilets being closed.

However, there was a stark contrast between the last time they were at a late night party on the deck. On the 2nd day of the cruise when news broke out that the toilets all closed everyone kind of panicked and rushed to go to their rooms or find other toilets somewhere on the other side of the ship that was open. Effectively ending the party immediately.

Now however, she realized that a good amount of people had already left, but a lot of people were still dancing or sitting and happily chatting. Everyone seemed relaxed and was having a good time.

Luna glanced at Chloe who glanced back at her, they were both thinking the same thing. They were still sitting in wet pants after all, did they get lucky and the toilets closed? It was later in the evening than the last time but they eventually did close. The new rotations had finally done their job and they had an excuse to get away with their wet pants!

The reaction of Vicky and Selena was also a lot different to Peyton however, as they just plunged back down in their own lounge bags and wrapped their blankets back around them. They both looked at each other.

"Well guess we don't have to get up to go to the toilet anymore." Vicky nonchalantly said.

"What do you mean you don't have to go to the toilet anymore?" Peyton asked confused,

Vicky answered smug, "Yea well, it's closed. What do you want me to do at a closed toilet? I can't enter it... We might as well just stay here right?"

Selena nodded in approval.

"This isn't funny! I really need to pee!" Peyton said while starting to panic.

Meanwhile while Peyton was panicking Luna had taken interest in their surroundings, they had been focused on their own conversation all this time, and to be fair Chloe was the middle point of her focus right now as they had been cuddling all this time. But now that she started to look around she quickly noticed something.

First of all it was evident a lot of people stayed even though there was no open toilet in the vicinity, people were enjoying themselves like there was nothing wrong.

There was a girl sitting a bit further from them with a different group, she was sitting on a lounge chair and while Luna had noticed the big puddle under it she had thought it was a spilled drink or something, but now she had strong suspicion that the woman had wet her pants and it had soaked through the fabric.

Luna wanted to ask Chloe if she was overthinking this, when she suddenly saw two girls pass by with several drinks in their hands, one had a white jeans shorts on and the other girl a short summer dress with some patterns on. She had almost missed it but on a second glance the girl her shorts had a big wet patch on her back, it was hard to see with the color and lack of proper light. Another glance and she realized the hem of the dress of the other girl was wet as well. Luna didn't need to ask anymore as her suspicion was confirmed.

"It's ok if you have an accident, you don't need to be embarrassed about it." Jake tried comforting Peyton,

Both Vicky and Selena agreed.

Luna thought back of the update from Dr. Neuhaus in the morning, he basically had said that people that got drunk cared less about wetting themselves. At the time she hadn't really thought about it but now she realized she had underestimated his statement.

This particular cruise with it's weird toilet system combined with a mix of party, ambience, fun and a good amount of alcoholic drinks had made a potent effect on people's prejudice about wetting pants.

"So you're just gonna sit here and what? Wait until you piss yourself?" Peyton asked with some disgust in her voice.

"I"m not waiting though..." Vicky paused a little bit with her mouth still open as if she was waiting for something before she could continue, "...I just finished peeing."

Selena now audibly let out a sigh, "Same."

Vicky put her blanket aside to show the crotch of her jeans which was still glistening from wetness, clearly she had just peed in her pants.

Peyton wasn't having it, she bolted away looking for a toilet they assumed. Selena who was wearing a tight but stylish black short dress sheepishly added,

"I didn't actually readjust my dress though, i just peed through it."

Vicky shrugged, "It really doesn't matter honestly."

Wasn't it black? It probably won't show anyway, and even if it shows it doesn't matter." Luna added,

Chloe suddenly laughed and nodded in the direction of the dance floor, Luna realized she meant the guy and woman sitting at one of the bars behind the dance floor.

The guy was sitting on a bar stool with visibly wet pants, it seemed he was just done peeing his pants. The woman who was sitting down before, now was standing up from her bar stool. She was wearing a classy dark red dress that came to her knees.

So even if guys could easily excuse themselves and walk for maybe a few minutes they should be able to find a place to relieve themselves, but even then, to Luna's surprise some just let go in their pants as well.

It looked as if the guy was explaining something to her while doing hand gestures.

Luna felt like she already knew what was gonna come next, the woman was about to pee through her panties underneath her dress.

"She just stood up so she can wet herself without getting it on her dress." Jake said, while everyone agreed.

But no, they were wrong, she sat down again on the barstool turning mostly her back to them while the guy nodded in agreement it seemed.

"Ok maybe not? Guess i was wrong." Jake said,

Chloe agreed, "Yea i thought she really was gonna pee through her panties."

They realized they were all wrong.

She was half sitting and half leaning on the stool while her feet were still on the ground, they could see most of the back of her dress. When suddenly she looked down at her feet it seemed.

A small dark patch became visible on the back of her dress that quickly started to expand.

She parted her legs now while continuing to lean on the barstool and she nonchalantly kept peeing in her panties while wetting the entire back of her dress. Clearly she was doing it on purpose and the couple were laughing over it as well while her pee was streaming down her dress and barstool.

"What were you worried about again? Wet dress or something?" Vicky asked Selena who laughed,

The woman had made a size able puddle underneath her stool by the time she was done peeing. The back of her dress was wet until the hem. She lifted herself up a bit and fully sat down on the bar stool talking to her partner as if nothing had happened.

Luna felt like her and her little secret was accepted for the first time in her life. She couldn't help but feel overjoyed, this evening simply couldn't get any better anymore... or so she thought.

Luna was laying very comfortably in Chloe's arms, her pants still very moist from her earlier wetting and for the first time ever she felt like it was normal, even while in public. The feeling of wet fabric on her skin felt good, even though her pants had cooled down a while ago...wait, why was her butt suddenly warming up...

A wave of bliss washed over her as she realized Chloe was peeing her pants without warning, creating the warmth and wetness that was slowly spreading under her.

She lifted her head and glanced at Chloe to be greeted with a big smile, this time she could definitely tell it was her genuine trademark smile. Luna leaned her head back on Chloe's shoulder without saying a word and simply enjoyed the warmth and wetness they were sharing.

The moment Chloe was done peeing Luna immediately relaxed her own bladder as well and started wetting her pants again, continuing the bliss full feeling. She liked how she could feel how Chloe's heartbeat was rising now. She emptied her full bladder into her clothes and lounge bag.

"Don't you two need to pee?" Selena asked,

"Not anymore." Chloe and Luna answered simultaneously.

Everyone chuckled at how casual everyone was acting while they were all very much peeing in their clothes.

Luna her attention started to wander around the deck again, there were still a few people dancing on the dance floor, when she noticed a small group there.

"Do it!!" Some of them shouted,

A good looking girl in a pretty blue blouse and tight jeans was with them, She shook her head no.

"Not everyone has the guts to wet their pants i guess, she'll probably hold on until she finally has a real accident." Chloe said,

"Come on, just do it! Even if you run to your room now you'll never make it anyway."

"Look around, look how many people have wet themselves by now, it's no big deal."

The group now started chanting, "Do it, do it, do it!"

The girl finally gave in it seemed when she shifted her pose and the group stopped their chanting.

"Oh is she gonna do it?" Luna wondered out loud.

The girl was standing with her back towards Luna's group now that she had stopped dancing and spread her feet apart. She was looking down at her pants.

After a few seconds the blue fabric between her thighs started to show darkness, quickly streaks were going down her pants legs and it started spreading up her butt as well.

Her friends were applauding now as she was fully wetting her pants, the wet patch was spreading down on the inside of her legs until it reached her feet.

Luna took another sip from her soda while she saw a puddle forming at the girls feet. Luna loved how her friends were actively cheering her on for it, they looked like they were really having fun as the girl had a big smile on her face even though she had completely pissed her jeans in the middle of the dance floor.

The girl looked relieved. Even though people must've seen it, nobody was making any fuzz about it.

"Actually where's Peyton?" Selena asked,

Chloe ignoring the question, "Why is she so prude about wetting herself actually?"

"Oh i thought she didn't want to because she was embarrassed i was here," Jake said, "But now you're saying she's always like this?"

"Pretty much." They all answered.

After a while their drinks were all finished and decided they were all having a nice night and even though it was already late they opted for one more drink except for Jake who excused himself and went to look for his friends. Luna and Chloe volunteered to get the drinks as it was their turn. Without any embarrassment for their wet pants they both got up and started walking over the dance floor towards the closest bar, which was the one with the couple sitting who both had wet their jeans and dress respectively.

Luna was walking next to Chloe when she suddenly said, "I can finally say this without having to filter it."

Luna playfully asked, "Say what?"

"You look sexy as hell in that wet jumpsuit, i can't keep my eyes off." Chloe admitted,

"haha, i can say the same now as well, i had a hard time sometimes trying not to stare at your ass, especially in wet jeans like now!" Luna admitted in her turn.

Both were smiling like idiots while they crossed the dance floor, Luna felt like she could get used to these types of compliments. Meanwhile they noticed even more people with wet pants now, further strengthening their complete lack of embarrassment for the state their pants were in.

They now got to the bar and waited patiently for the bartender to get to them to take their order, in the meantime Luna was checking the damage on her jump suit. She was turning around and stretching the fabric, she didn't mind people could see her obvious wet clothes.

Chloe confirmed to Luna what she basicly already knew, her butt was soaked from their shared wettings.

Chloe now twirled around showing off her own wet patch, for her it wasn't as visible in the front, her back however made it very obvious she had peed herself.

The bartender came and they gave their order. Meanwhile Luna felt it was getting chilly with her wet pants without blanket, the cold night breeze wasn't helping either. Thankfully that wasn't a problem though.

All of the drinks before were really starting to go through her and thanks to the cold air she was even more aware of her full bladder now. Without further overthinking it she relaxed and welcomed the warm glow that started spreading in her crotch as her pants got soaked once again. She had wanted to soak her new clothes the entire evening and why she already did wet them, she hadn't wet them yet while standing.

Luna felt her pee cascading down her legs and making the fabric cling to her legs, this place and time is as good as any other to wet her pants she thought while still standing at the bar waiting for their drinks.

"psst, my pants are getting kind of cold and i need to..." Chloe abruptly stopped her sentence midway when she noticed Luna was in the middle of wetting her pants. "Oh i see."

"We were thinking the same thing." Luna said without any shame.

Luna hadn't even parted her feet and now she could feel her shoes and socks gradually getting wet while she could see she was making a puddle on the floor. She was beaming with joy, she couldn't believe she was casually peeing in her clothes in front of the bar out in the open.

"Here's your drinks ladies, enjoy your time." The bartender said while handing them their drinks.

Luna's stream subsided and she let out a sigh, "Oooh that feels so much better than holding it, guess i have to agree with Emma." Luna joked.

Luna felt amazing after what she had done, she wanted to pick up their drinks and leave to go back to their lounge bag when Chloe said to wait a second. Chloe was leaning on the bar counter with one elbow while facing Luna who now looked down at Chloe's crotch.

Chloe's pants were mostly dry on the front as she had only wet herself while sitting so far, not to Luna's surprise she could now see a wet patch starting to form at the front and quickly expand while also streaks of pee were going down her legs with drops falling down straight from her crotch onto the ground. Luna enjoyed the view of Chloe nonchalantly wetting her jeans, it was also very visible as her jeans was turning into a much darker shade of blue. Luna could tell Chloe wasn't embarrassed at all as she was calmly observing how the wet patch was spreading on the front of her jeans while it was flowing down her pants soaking her pants legs.

Luna was taking it all in, the prospect of having a girlfriend (even though she was having some conflicting emotions about it) who was nonchalantly wetting her jeans in front of her which was really turning her on once more. She concluded that this has to be the best party ever, the ambience was great and it seemed that all the people that stayed this late for the party weren't having any prejudice about deliberately wetting pants anymore.

After Chloe was done peeing and made her own puddle on the ground they got ready again to take the drinks and go back to their place when suddenly two guys showed up. They eagerly introduced themselves as Kevin and Tom. Luna and Chloe quickly tried to excuse themselves while saying they just wanted to go back to their friends while she pointed at their sitting place.

"Ah sorry we didn't want to bother you or anything, we just felt like getting to know you two and have a drink togheter." Kevin said,

Luna figured they were just trying to flirt with them but they didn't seem to have any bad intentions though and even though they seemed to be drunk she felt like it was rude to leave them so abruptly.

"I know it's cheesy but hey i'm a bit drunk so i'm gonna say it anyway, girl you look amazing in that!" Tom said while pointing at Luna and her outfit, "You look great as well by the way!" While pointing at Chloe.

Luna blurted out confused, "We literally just pissed ourselves?"

Luna looked down at her outfit once more just to confirm her pants were very visibly peed in, there was almost no possible explanation for anyone looking at her to not come to that conclusion.

Tom slurred his words a bit, "pfft, it's fine, between you and me? I kinda think it's hot."

Luna could feel her face get hot.

"You girls are single right? We saw you were alone so we just assumed." Kevin said, testing the waters,

"Um..." Chloe began and was thinking of what to say but it was Tom who intertwined, "Dude look at them, even if they don't have boyfriends, they're out of our league man!"

He was lightheartedly joking while complimenting them on their looks and they all laughed about it. It was kinda cute how hard they were trying.

"...Not really single no." Chloe said sounding a bit unsure.

Luna saw how Chloe glanced at her while she said it, as if to confirm if what she's saying is correct.

"So how single is 'not really single' exactly?" Tom laughed,

Kevin added, "So you have a boyfriend or not?"

Luna intertwined, "No, She's my girlfriend."

Luna glanced at Chloe while she said it and she saw her entire face light up almost immediately. Luna felt quite funny when saying it out loud, she did mean it however. She was confident they both wanted the same thing so why beat around the bush? Although the amounts of alcohol in her body was definitely helping her boost her confidence by a lot.

"Wait really?" Tom and Kevin asked surprised, "Didn't see that coming."

"Why not?" Chloe responded smug, "Look at her, how could i not be into her?"

Luna choked in her drink she had just picked up from the bar counter seconds ago.

Kevin and Tom were wondering if they were serious or just trying to brush them off.

Just then Selena and Vicky popped up, wondering why their drinks were keeping that long.

Vicky drunkly blurted out, "What's keeping you love birds so long to deliver some drinks?"

They gave them their drinks and Selena and Vicky sat down on one of the bar stools, guess they stay here now for the remainder of the party. Vicky had unintentionally confirmed what Tom and Kevin were wondering about and they finally understood the situation, slightly embarrassed and visibly flustered they excused themselves and wished them a good remainder of the party while Chloe and Luna kept standing up but shifted so they had their own small circle now. They were right next to the couple, the back of the woman in red dress was facing towards them while Vicky and Selena were sitting with their back towards the bar.

Peyton suddenly showed up, slightly to their surprise, still with dry shorts. (she had cute short jeans shorts on that was showing off her ass, but not in a slutty way) She seemed frustrated and it wasn't helping when they told her Jake had left earlier. They quickly ordered her a drink as well.

"You don't want to know how far i had to walk to find a freaking toilet." Peyton said visibly frustrated,

"I'm surprised you made it to begin with." Vicky said surprised,

Luna tried comforting Peyton now, "You don't need to be embarrassed about it, just let go in your pants if you have to, your shorts probably won't even show that much."

Peyton responded, clearly offended, "What makes you think i want to piss myself like you all did."

"Peyton..." Chloe muttered,

Selena quickly changed the subject and asked what those guys wanted, Luna and Chloe explained how they were trying to hit on them but said they weren't single.

"Oh so it's official?" Selena asked, "Cheers to that!"

Vicky and Peyton followed and lifted their drinks, while Luna and Chloe looked at each other while blushing a bit.

"Excuse me, coming through!"

A girl walked up to them, still moving her body to the music playing, with empty glasses she walked up between their group and the couple sitting next to them.

When she reached the bar and put her glasses down she apologized once more.

"Excuse me, hope you don't mind."

It was the girl with white jeans shorts from earlier, now that she was closer and in better lighting coming from the bar she could clearly see the wet stain on the back of her shorts. Luna figured she was excusing herself for coming through, but a few seconds later she realized the second time was for something else.

Droplets started dropping down from her shorts followed by streams of pee going down her legs. She hadn't even readjusted her pose or anything, leaning casually on the bar she fully let go into her shorts. A fresh wet patch was forming on the back of her shorts.

"What the actual fuck!" Peyton blurted out.

The girl turned around shocked and stopped peeing, with still dripping pants she quickly apologized once again,

"I'm so sorry i thought you wouldn't mind, everyone here had wet pants so i thought..."

Selena who was sitting right next to where the girl was standing interrupted her,

"It's fine really, we don't mind." Selena said reassuringly.

The woman on the other side in the red dress turned around and spoke to her in a warm voice,

"We also don't mind, just go ahead and continue."

Peyton realized she really was in the minority on this and as a result she kept her mouth shut, with a bit of a sour expression she continued sipping her drink. The girl turned around again just in time for the bartender to get to her order. Once she was done ordering Luna could tell she simply let it flow again as droplets were going down her legs that turned into streams slowly creating a puddle underneath her. When she was done peeing she grabbed the three drinks she ordered and left with still dripping shorts.

"I need to pee as well," Selena admitted sheepishly, "But without the blanket it's kind of embarrassing."

"No need to be."

"Just let it flow."

"I need to pee as well actually." Vicky added,

Peyton didn't say a word.

Both Selena and Vicky started to pee in their pants at the same time, Selena through her dress while sitting on the bar stool and Vicky in her jeans while half sitting and half leaning on the bar stool. With Selena they could see her pee run down both of the hem of her dress and the bar stool. With Vicky however, her crotch visibly turned a darker shade of blue over the faded wet patch from earlier. Luna could tell because of the way how she was leaning the whole back of her jeans as well as the bar stool were getting wet while streams of pee were running down and off her legs. They could hear the sound of their pee splattering on the ground over the music's volume.

"Haha you girls don't seem to care to much about peeing your pants." The woman in the red dress said as she turned her head around.

"I don't think there's a reason to be and everyone is having a good time no?" Luna said in an upbeat voice.

"Yea you don't need to be shy about it!" Chloe said out loud, "There's no shame in doing it on this cruise."

After a short chat the woman had shifted her attention back to her husband. But after a few seconds there was a splattering sound again, this time it was the woman who was rewetting her red dress in a nonchalant way without even pausing the conversation she was having with her husband. They could see how the back of her dress was getting more wet while her pee was running down the bar stool.

Luna couldn't help herself, with seeing everyone peeing themselves in the most nonchalant ways she also felt like joining, her pants had cooled off a while ago already and with all the previous drinks in her system she felt like her bladder was at least half full again. Without muttering a word or giving it a second thought she relaxed her bladder once more and felt her pants warming up again with the familiar feeling of her pee going down her legs.

"Haha Luna you had to pee again? We saw you pee earlier when we were still sitting down." Selena said while laughing,

"Don't judge me! I wanted to warm up my pants." Luna said carefree.

"You guys are disgusting." Peyton muttered.

Vicky stood up from her bar stool and went to Peyton, "Lissen..."

Luna could tell she was drunk as she was wobbling a little bit while also slurring her words sometimes.

"Lissen here Peyton, come here..." Vicky said,

Peyton was trying to dodge her as Vicky tried to embrace her.

"Stop dodging and come here i... i want to tell you something, it's r...really important."

"You literally pissed yourself seconds ago, stay away from me." Peyton muttered disgusted.

"shhhhht, come here." Vicky said while she finally caught Peyton and threw her arm around her. "Lissen..."

"What?!"

"Lissen... look at aaall these people here, look at the girls that are on t... thiss deck." Vicky waved her hand around."

"What about them?" Peyton said annoyed,

Vicky put her head closer to Peyton so she could whisper in her ear, "There's a difference between you and them."

She continued whispering even quieter, the others could barely hear it anymore, "You see, they all have at the very least wet their panties at this point, and you..."

...

Vicky suddenly shouted in Peyton's ear, "...ARE THE ONLY ONE WHO HASN'T WET HERSELF YET!!!!!"

Peyton almost fell over, Luna and Selena spit out there drinks while everyone started laughing hysterically. Even other people from further away were laughing including the couple that was sitting next to their group.

"Chloe is peeing!" Selena shouted while pointing at her,

Luna looked beside her and Chloe was crouching down from laughter while she noticed a puddle forming under her, pee was running down her butt. Everyone started laughing even harder now.

Peyton however had turned around and walked away, she wasn't having it.

They tried calling her and saying sorry but she didn't react and kept walking.

Meanwhile Chloe stood up again still laughing and snickering, she was still peeing in her pants as droplets were going down in between her legs. Clearly she wasn't even trying to stop her stream and was just letting it flow. Chloe was nonchalantly lifting her one leg up and shaking the pee off of her shoe and pant leg. When she was finally done peeing she explained what happened.

"Sometimes when i laugh really hard i can feel a leak about to happen in my panties, normally i have the reflex to fight it and prevent it, but now when i felt it coming i kind of just let it happen... because why not? I only realized how funny it was when i was already doing it!" Chloe laughed with tears in her eyes.

"Oh my god Chloe, that's so cute!" Luna blurted out,

It was adorable how Chloe had a semi accident just now, and she had continued to pee her jeans in the most casual way.

"Ok i kind of feel bad f-for Peyton, maybe i sshouldn't have done that." Vicky said worried,

"Maybe you should go over to water or soda or something!" Selena said,

Vicky answered drunk, "Naaaah, i mean, wasn't this the last drink?"

Vicky was right though, it was late and Luna was tired as hell, so much had happened and she was looking forward to her bed. She was secretly looking forward to go to sleep with Chloe and waking up next to her.

They slowly finished their drinks and talked a little bit about Peyton, she seemed to really have a big disgust for pee or something. Even though Vicky was pretty drunk she had a point, every girl here must be standing or sitting in wet panties at least. A lot of the guys had even decided to just let go in their pants while they had more of a choice than the girls. Yet she really wasn't having it.

After a few minutes Luna could already feel her bladder had started to fill again, she just relaxed and let it flow into her pants and kept continuously leaking in her pants whenever she felt like.

After a little while she noticed the occasional dripping from Vicky and Selena's bar stools as well, she realized they were doing the same thing.

They finished their drinks and they were about to leave and call it a night.

Luna said with a smile, "Have we all been continuously leaking in our pants this last 20 minutes or so?"

"Yea, i also saw your crotch get wet every few minutes!" Vicky shouted,

They all laughed about it, while Vicky added, "Honestly, tomorrow we're supposed to not wet ourselves when we're off the ship? With this drug in me i wouldn't count on it, i might just pee myself several times!"

Everyone laughed even harder,

Chloe suddenly intertwined, "Oof i almost wet my pants again."

"Oh no!" Luna and Selena faked their shock,

Chloe now really started laughing,

"Ok now i'm peeing!"

Luna could see how her girlfriend was peeing her jeans once more, she had lost count how many times they had peed themselves today.

After they were done laughing they all said their goodbyes and left towards their rooms.

While leaving the remainders of a party they could now see the result of it. The dance floor as well as the bar areas were filled with puddles scattered everywhere. The most recent wet patches could be seen on the seats and lounge bags as they passed by. Janitors were now mopping up the entire top deck to make it fresh and clean again for in the morning.

"This looks like a lot of work..." Chloe muttered,

Luna and Chloe were walking through the hallways while holding hands, towards their room,

"You really meant that earlier? When you said that about me being your girlfriend?" Chloe asked,

Luna answered with an almost hoars voice, "I know we haven't talked about it yet, but i thought you wouldn't mind if i said that."

"I'm just asking because you said earlier something about... being conflicted about it?" Chloe said cautiously,

They got into the elevator, waited for it to close and go down towards their hallway.

"The thing is... I always thought i was straight but... you made me realize that's not the case. A few days ago i realized i had actual feelings for you, i was still trying to deny it and just thought you were a really good and special friend, i was fooling myself though."

The elevator stopped and the doors opened and got out to start walking towards their room, but there was a man in his bathrobe walking through the hallways for some reason.

Neither of the girls flinched when they saw him, they weren't bothered if anyone saw their soaked pants and just continued on their walk. The man didn't react either as they crossed him.

Actually Luna once again felt her overworked bladder had filled a bit, she had peed so often the last few hours her bladder muscles were sore. She was planning on letting it go the moment they got in their room.

She changed her mind almost immediately, why not just let it go now? She didn't really mind if someone would see it.

"I'm gonna pee again." Luna casually announced to Chloe,

Chloe agreed, "Good idea, me too."

Both girls kept walking while they relaxed their bladder and let go in their pants while a few seconds later they could hear the guy that had crossed them earlier letting out a small sneeze, he had turned around for some reason or got what he needed, whatever it was he was walking a few meters behind them.

Luna didn't mind he was seeing her pee herself, she didn't stop her stream and continued to let it flow, soaking her pants further. They must be leaving a trail of pee by now. Her stream subsided when they finally reached the door of their room. Luna noticed Chloe hadn't stopped peeing either and must have emptied whatever was in her bladder into her jeans.

They unlocked the door and as they wanted to go in the guy in bathrobe suddenly stood next to them with a few bottles of drinks in his hands.

"Hi there! Guess we're neighbours here, hadn't seen you two yet, nice to meet you! We ran out of drinks and i was getting really thirsty with this god damn medication."

They both greeted him and introduced themselves to him, saying they just came back from the party on the top deck. After a little chit chat they said their goodbyes and went inside. He seemed to have completely ignored the fact they had peed their pants while walking in front of him. Luna felt amazing at how casually she could wet herself without having to worry about anything, although alcohol was helping a hand in the courage departement.

They both let out a long yawn when they got in their room. Both agreed to not shower as they were too tired and they were gonna wet the bed anyway.

They each went to the bathroom to put on dry panties and pajamas. Luna came out of the bathroom and Chloe was already laying in bed. She crawled in bed and joined her.

Luna immediately crawled closer than she did in the previous nights and Chloe did exactly the same. Their faces were only a few cm's away from each other.

"I understand if you want to take it slow, or even wait a bit entirely before you feel more comfortable about it." Chloe whispered, "With 'it' i mean like, dating a girl."

"Don't worry about it, i want this, i'd love to be your girlfriend." Luna whispered back, "You have no idea how happy you made me today. I'm just like... thinking... what will people think of me? Like what would my parents say? I feel like i haven't had time to really let it sink in yet."

"I understand." Chloe whispered back, "So you don't mind this?"

Chloe took her arm from under the bed sheets and lifted it, Luna immediately accepted, crawled closer to her and they cuddled against each other while she lowered her head on Chloe's shoulder. While laying in her embrace she was looking in Chloe's eyes, with the little light there was in the room she could see them sparkle.

Finally being alone in their room without having to be afraid of what others would think they leaned in and kissed. Longer and more intimate than before while Luna draped her arm over her and pulled herself closer. She felt her heart beating like crazy and she felt shivers going through her. When they finally broke off the kiss and looked at each other again. Luna her head was spinning, she didn't want to stop yet as they both leaned in again but now Luna parted her lips slightly which Chloe accepted. Luna could feel Chloe's tongue slide inside while she did the same with her.

They made out like this for a while, letting out small moans and caressing each other in their embrace. When they finally stopped they looked at each other. Both girls could feel their eyes start to close on their own from exhaustion.

They both said goodnight and gave each other a goodnight kiss to drift off to sleep immediately after.

__________________________________________

*067*2023-01-10 18:56

Chapter 15 ladies and gents

___________________________________________

First thing Chloe felt was a light head ache, oh yea, she remembered she drank quite a lot yesterday. While still half asleep she noticed her bursting bladder that must have woken her up and on top of that she felt her mouth was sticky and dry, some water would be nice right now.

She was annoyed she woke up because she was having such an amazing dream...

In her dream they had gone to the party at the top deck, she had kissed Luna and through a series of unforgettable events she was her girlfriend by the end of the night. On top of that Luna had thrown Caitlyn into the pool. Making things even better they had wet themselves so many times throughout the night in her dream, she had really enjoyed it and realized she was really into this new kink, a good chunk of that was because of Luna of course.

She vaguely recalls that they had gone to their room and made out before falling asleep, man that was such an epic dream. But where did last night end and when did her dream exactly start? She was still half asleep and her mind felt a bit foggy, probably also from the hangover. And oh man she needed to pee.

The fog cleared a bit and she fully came to her senses and immediately felt a weight on her arm and shoulder she wasn't used to. She opened her eyes and got greeted by a sleeping Luna right next to her still in her embrace from last night. In an instant everything that happened last night all came back to her and realized she hadn't dreamed it, it all really happened and she could feel fluttering feelings in her stomach while coming to this realization.

Chloe calmed down and was recalling everything that had happened last night, some parts were a bit foggy still because she had gotten quite drunk at some point. But she remembered everything. She could hear Luna's slow breathing while she was laying with her head right next to her, still sound asleep, she looked so cute with her mouth half open.

A spasm in her bladder reminded her she was bursting for a pee.

She vaguely recalled that they had said they were gonna wet the bed, but she could feel Luna laying against her thigh which meant she would definitely get wet as well if she let go now. Not sure if she would mind it or not but she also didn't want to wake her up...

While contemplating what to do she did manage to grab a water bottle from the night stand without waking up Luna so she could quench her thirst. She put the bottle away but she still hadn't made a decision, should she just let go?

When wondering about it Chloe could notice Luna stopped her breathing for a second, and then let out an almost inaudible sigh followed by a faint hissing noise that was coming from under the blanket. Luna was wetting herself in her sleep Chloe realized, she didn't flinch at all, she just waited with beating heart and as expected, after a few seconds she could feel wetness caressing her thigh that was also spreading under her butt.

To Chloe's delight she could feel how her girlfriend was soaking both of them and their bed, when she felt another spasm in her own bladder she stopped fighting it and relaxed completely, welcoming her own stream and letting it soak into and through her pajamas, their bed was getting thoroughly soaked by both of them.

Oh she was gonna miss this new habit once the cruise would end... but right now she was cherishing this moment.

Their bed was soaked by the time both girls their bladders were emptied, Chloe noticed she also started liking this aspect of bed wetting more and more. She felt like it should be wrong, bad and definitely shouldn't feel good... But it did, it was cozy and comfy.

Chloe found it really cute that Luna had wet their bed like that while sleeping through it. Within seconds she drifted of into a deep slumber again.

________________________________________

While still in her embrace Luna got greeted by a still sleeping Chloe next to her, mouth half open and drooling on her pillow. She couldn't contain a little chuckle when seeing her sleeping like that. There was already light coming from behind the curtains and with a quick glance at the clock on the bed side table she realized it was almost noon. Even though she was bursting to pee she wondered if she had slept through the entire night without waking up to pee?

While reminiscing the events of last night she was slowly waking up and letting out a yawn.

Hold on... her pajama shorts felt soggy, so she did wet her bed during the night? Strange, she couldn't remember waking up and pee in her bed? Maybe she could've still been half asleep and didn't remember? There's no way, she definitely would've remembered if she had woken up and decided to wet her bed... Or could it be she actually wet her bed in her sleep without knowing it? There's no way, that's preposterous, she had never done that before, at least not since she can remember.

Although that meant Chloe must have wet the bed as well and that thought was making Luna get a fuzzy feeling on the inside, laying together with her girlfriend in a soaked bed was something that was even better than what she came up with in her fantasies.

Anyway it doesn't matter how it happened, back to what mattered right now and that is that she really needed to pee right now. She wasn't sure if wetting the bed like this was gonna wake up Chloe but it was almost noon anyway and they were gonna disembark from the ship to go visit the town today so they couldn't wait too much longer with getting up anyway.

Luna enjoyed the prospect of laying in her girlfriends embrace while wetting the bed, she relaxed her bladder and felt her stream of pee go into her pajamas and re soak them and the bed. She was looking at Chloe to see any response while she could feel her pee starting to pool underneath her, she was happily relieving herself in their bed while laying against Chloe.

Just when Luna was thinking that Chloe must be starting to feel this she noticed her waking up and opening her eyes, she was visibly still groggy from sleep. She yawned and rubbed her eyes. All while Luna was still emptying her bladder laying right next to her.

"Good morning beautiful." Luna whispered,

"Good morn...oh...ooooooh... holy shit are you peeing?!" Chloe said surprised.

Just as Chloe finished her sentence Luna's stream subsided.

A thought came into her mind when seeing Chloe's reaction, had she overdone it?

Maybe this wasn't such a good idea and she had crossed a boundary of sorts. The cruise had perhaps skewed her judgement because in normal circumstances this would definitely not be an ok thing to do.

She could feel panic brewing inside her, what if she's disgusted by this?

"S-sorry i shouldn't have done that," Luna stammered, "i...i thought..."

Chloe interrupted, "That's the best way anyone has ever woken me up holy fuck!"

"Oh really?" Luna felt relieved hearing this, "I thought i might have messed up..."

"Are you kidding me? Haha, don't worry, waking up while feeling your warmth spreading in bed is amazing!" Chloe said with a smile, "Don't worry i'm not mad at all."

Luna relaxed now hearing this and took her bottle of water from the night stand and took a few sips and passed it too Chloe.

"I slept like a brick." Luna said while stretching.

Chloe laughed mischievous, "Yea i noticed, you didn't even wake up when you wet the bed in the middle of the night."

Luna got flustered hearing this, "Hold on i did what?" So she did wet her bed in her sleep...

"You heard me!" Chloe said, "I woke up because i needed to pee and i wasn't sure what to do because you were sleeping in my arms, suddenly i could feel you started peeing the bed."

"Oh my god i'm so sorry!" Luna covered her face with her hands while she wanted to sink through the bed from embarrassment.

"Haha it's fine, it was super cute actually." Chloe reassured her, "And you don't have to say sorry for that."

Chloe closed Luna back in her embrace and they laid like this while continuing talking.

"When i woke up in the middle of the night i thought for a second i dreamed the whole party last night." Chloe said,

"Nope, i'm still your girlfriend!" Luna said laughing,

"You have no idea how happy that makes me hearing that." Chloe said, she continued a bit shyly, "Also, i'm bursting to pee, you don't mind right?"

"mhm"

Luna knew what she meant, a few seconds later she could hear the hissing start. Instead of flinch she actually scooted even closer to Chloe, she relished this moment as she could feel the first wetness caress her thigh.

"Nice and warm." Luna said dreamy.

Both girls were enjoying their new naughty habit, even after Chloe was done peeing they didn't immediately get out of bed. They checked their phones and Luna checked the group chat, as well as some social media. There were also some news posts about a topic they learned in school, they had learned about the ice caps melting and the chance of uncovering old extinct species of animals. And that's exactly what had happened a while ago, a team had found old remains in almost perfect condition because of the cold and they were researching them. There was a news article about it that she started reading.

"Researchers found dead." The title read,

"Recent dead of five researchers shrouded in mystery, what happened at the north pole?"

Well that was weird, how can they not know what they died from? She read through the entire article but she didn't became any more wiser.

After a while Luna decided to get up and get ready.

She got out of bed and started walking to the bathroom, as she was about to turn the knob of the door she realized with her sleepy head she hadn't picked out her fresh clothes yet.

She abruptly turned around just in time to catch Chloe's gaze drop back down to her phone.

Hold up, had she been checking her out in her wet pajamas? In a same way she had done to Chloe the other day?

"Hold on, haha were you checking me out?" Luna laughed,

Chloe got flustered and didn't really know what to say while Luna walked back to the bed and crawled on it. She got close to Chloe while whispering.

"No need to be embarrassed about it." she leaned in and kissed Chloe, something she had wanted to do that they hadn't done yet since waking up.

Luna got her fresh clothes and went for a shower. Dropping another load of wet pajamas in the washing bin.

_________________________________________

Luna and Chloe disembarked the ship accompanied by Vicky, Selena and Liv. Peyton was going on a date with Jake, although they worried that the incident from yesterday probably was also a reason for her not to disembark together with them.

They were all taken a back by the huge mountain that stood in the distance, covered with green forests while the top of the mountain in the far distance reached into the clouds. It was a mesmerizing view. At the foot of the mountain was the village they were heading for.

They had gotten the recommendation that the mountain had many different hiking paths for tourists to go explore, therefore they were all wearing appropriate clothing, shorts with a tshirt and adequate shoes. They all had a backpack with them with loads of water as the town and forests didn't have the convenience of handing out drinks almost everywhere like on the ship.

And of course knowing that the drug could be quite unpredictable on their bladders they all thought it was a good idea to have a spare set of shorts and panties with them in their backpack.

They checked out the beautiful town and what it had to offer, they stopped at a little restaurant first and foremost to pee because their bladder was already filling up quickly. And they ate lunch as they all hadn't eaten yet since how late they slept.

After delicious pancakes they moved on to check out the little stores, they also politely asked there if they could use the restroom because... they had to pee again already.

They walked through a little museum that was about the origins of the town and the many legends of the mountain, it was interesting but they didn't waste too much time here as they still wanted to check out the mountain itself... before leaving they also went to the restroom to empty their full bladder once again.

While walking through the town they also regularly saw other tourists and they could often see they were also from their ship as they were sometimes visibly desperate.

It must be weird and funny for the inhabitants to see the influx of people wanting to use the restrooms all the time. They all chuckled when Luna mentioned this.

They left the little town to make their way to the mountain, it looked more daunting when they were at the foot of it, it was quite majestic with it's many forests and cliffs. White mist and clouds were hanging low hugging the trees on it's mountain sides.

When they got to the start of the different trails they split up, Luna and Chloe we're gonna go with just the two of them while the others took a different trail, like this Luna was happy that she could do this activity with just Chloe. They agreed that they would meet again in one of the restaurants in the town after. The ship would only set sail in the late evening so they had plenty of time.

They went on their way on the path and quickly got engrossed with how beautiful nature was in this place. They passed by a small river that ended on a small waterfall, meanwhile taking pictures of it. As well as taking pictures while they were climbing the mountain path. She would have to show these pictures later to her parents Luna thought.

Several minutes later, already a good way into the forests Luna could feel her bladder starting to fill up. No problem however, they had a plan for this.

Vicky had brought it up earlier when still on the ship, in the forests either they could drop their pants and squat or just squat and pull their panties and crotch of their shorts to the side and pee like this, which the latter is probably the fastest way. But also riskier for little accidents Chloe had intertwined.

To everyone's surprise Vicky had done a 'test run' right then and there while they were in one of the hallways of the ship, there were no other people around so she had found a enough secluded spot and with her back to them had yanked her shorts and panties to the side and unleashed a torrent of pee right then and there on the carpet.

Afterwards Vicky stood up and checked if there was any damage on her shorts, "See? no wetness, and if i'm completely honest... after the amount of times i pissed myself yesterday i really don't care if some pee gets on my shorts."

Vicky had a good point and everyone agreed. Luna realized their prejudice of wetting their shorts or pants had immensely declined and she got reminded that she had blatantly wet herself out in the open on the deck multiple times last night. She couldn't help but feel a little bit annoyed they had to go out of their way all day to find restrooms, wetting her shorts felt more inviting than squatting in the woods as well. But they weren't on the ship so they couldn't just wet themselves, what would they do if people saw their wet shorts...

After some more walking Luna said she had to pee and Chloe confirmed she needed to as well. So they went of the trail to find a enough secluded spot and squatted, pulled their shorts and panties out of the way and let go. Luna had been careful doing it and afterwards she confirmed there was no wetness on her shorts, mission succes.

"Vicky was right, it's easy and fast, just a bit more risky getting some on our shorts. I really don't care if they get a little wet if i'm honest though." Chloe said nonchalantly,

Luna said, "Agree, who cares? It's only pee."

Chloe admittedly said, "Is it weird if i said i'm looking forward to getting back on the ship later in the evening? This drug in my system is making me wary with no toilets around, at least on the ship if i don't find one it's not that big of a deal, at least not anymore"

"haha and we won't find a green toilet immediately so we can use it as an excuse to wet our pants?" Luna said laughing, "I agree though."

"Haha yea, yesterday i wet my pants so often it's all i can think of right now." Chloe said,

Luna reassuringly said, "Don't worry about it, you're not the only one."

Luna loved how Chloe seemed to be into wetting just as much as she is by now. She felt comfortable talking about it with her.

She came up with an idea though.

"What do you think about this?" Luna explained, "When we get back to the ship and we need to pee, if the first toilet we find is red we just say fuck it and piss ourselves if we want to. Or is that too crazy?"

Chloe now looked at Luna with a mischievous smile on her face, "That sounds like a fun game, agreed!"

Luna was very much looking forward to this already, knowing how often they found red toilets it's almost inevitable they'll end up with soaked pants. Meanwhile they continued walking while also drinking from the water bottles that they had brought in their backpack, all while enjoying the incredible views while they got higher up the mountain.

They were following the side of a big cliff and passed under a really big waterfall, it looked like a scene from a fantasy movie and they quickly took a picture of both of them standing next to the waterfall. Although this wasn't helping their need to pee, which had been growing again.

They stopped and found a secluded enough spot once again to squat, Luna did the same as before but when she came back Chloe pointed out the small wet patch on the back of her shorts, she realized she had been a bit careless.

"It doesn't matter, it'll dry anyway." Chloe nonchalantly said.

After a while they got higher on the mountain and the path became often more steep while also smaller and more rocky. To their delight they saw some squirrels fleeing away into the tall trees when they passed by. This trip was better than expected so far.

A small pathway formed in front of them between two cliffs, it looked pretty creepy but exciting! They kept going and entered through the opening. Luna could feel her bladder filling again, she knew with the combination of the drug, the excessive water she's been drinking and the moist air that she'll have to pee really soon. Just as she wanted to speak up to let her need known to Chloe they heard voices behind them. They were still on the very narrow path but people were catching up to them.

"Lets go a bit faster maybe so we get out of this narrow trail so we can find a place to pee." Luna said,

Chloe quickly agreed and they upped their pace.

After following the trail a bit further they thought they could see the end of it, but after turning a corner they realized they were high up against the side of one of the giant cliffs. Below them they could see the forest spread out with the town and their ship in the far distance. They could see birds circling beneath them.

Truly mesmerized by the view they looked where to go now, on their left was a small path that hung against the side of the cliff with a railing. It was super narrow, just enough for one person to walk on. Of course there was a railing and it was perfectly safe, but it was damn high and to their horror they saw it went for quite a long way and on top of that they saw a family in the distance on the pathway, but they seemed to be struggling.

Actually on a second glance Luna recognized those people, they heard a familiar voice yelling.

"PATRICK I'M GONNA FALL!!!!" the karen yelled.

Patrick reassuringly said, "Don't worry i'm sure this railing can support your weight!"

"ARE YOU CALLING ME FAT!?!?!" (She was though)

Luna and Chloe tried but failed to hold their laugh seeing the karen struggle.

They had no other option then to start following the even more narrow path on the side of the cliff, the people behind them were not that far away from them anymore either.

They had no way of relieving their full bladder as long as they were on this path... But the karen and her family were moving slow and they quickly caught up to them. By the time they were halfway through the path both girls their bladders were bursting and Luna was starting to get worried now as progress was being made very slow with the karen in front.

Oh god she wished the karen would move quicker, if she could walk as fast as she could complain they would've been back in town already by now. The group behind them was also letting out sighs every time the karen would pause or start complaining again.

Luna checked on Chloe to see how she was doing but seeing the look on her face, not any better than she was. Luna had to put effort in holding now, her bladder felt really uncomfortable.

They carried on and the karen finally started to move quicker.

"Patrick we need to move quicker! I need to pee!"

Patrick answered, "Me and Timmy as well but you're the one walking in front..."

By the time they had reached the end of the path both girls had their hand jammed in their crotch trying their best to hold their pee. The path exited back into more forest area and while the karen and the other group followed on the path Luna and Chloe quickly bolted away looking for a place that's secluded enough to pee. By a small miracle she had been able to hold it for this long.

Luna had finally found her spot, she couldn't hold it for another second, she squatted and yanked her shorts and panties out of the way to release her torrent of pee. Ecstatic relieve washed over her as she finally relaxed her bladder muscles. She could hear her stream hit the ground hard and quickly made a puddle, she peed what felt for an eternity and when she was almost done she could suddenly feel some wetness on her butt.

Luna could feel how some of her pee was going in her shorts, not completely to her surprise as in her haste she hadn't been careful at all. Wetting her shorts a little wasn't a big problem to her anymore though so she didn't even stop her flow and just let the rest out knowing the back of her shorts were getting wet.

When she was done she checked the damage on her shorts and panties, she had leaked a bit in her panties but it didn't show on her shorts. She could feel a wet patch on the left ass cheek of her shorts though. People most likely won't know it's pee, it probably looked like she had sat on a wet bench or something.

Luna was a little bit surprised of her nonchalance towards wetness on her shorts, she hadn't even stopped her flow. Before the cruise happened she would've freaked out if her shorts got wet with pee.

She walked back to the path where they came from to meet up with Chloe.

"I leaked quite a bit, i really couldn't hold it anymore." Chloe said sheepishly.

Chloe showed off the state of her shorts, there was a wet patch on her crotch. She was wearing red shorts and her crotch had turned into a darker red. If anyone would look they would know. If she kept her legs closed it was less visible though. Chloe jumped while turning around and stuck her butt out towards Luna.

"How does the back look? Wet as well?" Chloe said in a upbeat voice.

"Yep, there's some wetness, not much though." Luna said casually,

Chloe wasn't upset either that she had wet her shorts, even if it was more than Luna. She looked hot in her pee stained shorts Luna thought.

"Oops, guess i really had an accident this time!" Chloe said,

It looked she was having a good time, Luna also showed her butt with wet patch to see what Chloe would say.

"Nice!"

They both started laughing at how neither seemed to care they had wet their pants.

Now that they had emptied their bladders they returned to the previous path to take some extra pictures and enjoy the scenery from up there which they hadn't really been able to as they had been so focused on their desperation.

They continued on their hike and they noticed they were starting to descend again, they were on their way down it seemed.

"Lets stop there for a pauze and a snack?" Chloe asked,

Luna agreed and they went off the path a little bit, there was a small open place between the trees with grass and a big tree that had fallen down on the ground at the side.

They took a seat on the tree trunk, with one leg thrown over it so they were sitting opposed to each other. They put their snacks they had brought in between them on the tree and started eating while chatting. Luna felt happy, she was here on a hike through the most beautiful nature she had ever seen together with her most favorite person.

Chloe suddenly started giggling, "Can i tell you a little secret?"

"Sure."

"It feels nice having wet my panties."

Luna almost spit out her food, since yesterday Chloe had become so much more open about stuff and it hadn't escaped Luna's attention.

"I totally get what you mean," Luna admitted, "You're making me jealous, i'm almost wishing i had leaked in my shorts like you did!"

"What's stopping you then? Just do it!"

"Hold up, are you telling me to pee my shorts on purpose?"

"Yes? I mean, it feels nice so why not?"

____________________________________

So... soooooo sorry for the cliffhanger, this will continue (ofcourse)

But i also wan't some opinions, are people interested in the character development of Peyton and some of the other classmates? (Liv for example)

I have an idea in a small separate chapter for them, it contains wetting and of erotic stuff.

Also on a side note, we're not super far away from the end by now! Maybe 4 to 5 chapters?

*072*2023-01-11 15:15

{{4 hours ago, JD0417 said:

Also it didn’t really mention if pyromania made it or not in chapter 14 so maybe in the future talk about wether they make it or not

}}

Peyton did make it, Luna confirmed it cuz she returned with her shorts still dry.

Also i'm assuming your autocorrect made Peyton into pyromania 😄

I also didn't know they sounded like celeb names 😛

*074*2023-01-11 15:52

{{33 minutes ago, Uniee said:

Love this.. brilliant descriptions but just wish everyone was adult .

}}

Everyone is adult, except for chapter 1 and Emma. She's the wholesome factor that pushes Luna at critical moments in the story 😎

*077*2023-01-11 17:05

{{20 minutes ago, JD0417 said:

Yeah WWE women Peyton Royce Australian and Liv Morgan American pornstar Luna Star singer Selena Gomez and Actress Chloe Grace Moretz

}}

Sadly i only know Selena Gomez and Chloe grace Moretz, great actress though.

{{4 minutes ago, Uniee said:

Ahhh might be the school references.. I associate school being under 18

}}

Understandable, they're all in their last year of high school, so still pretty young but all 18+. I had to find some way to make a group of friends/mates to go on that ship all together. Therefore the idea of making it a school trip was made.

