School trip on a very special cruise - Page 3

Author: OmoNeon

*063*2022-12-30 05:01

You're all too kind 😊

I'll keep working further on this story in time 👌

*064*2023-01-04 02:19

Chapter 14 everyone! This continues the party where it left off.

(Next chapter will be the visit to the town when the ship boards.)

___

"You two look adorable together." Selena said to Luna and Chloe while passing them their fresh drinks.

Luna and Chloe were blushing heavily while accepting their soda's, Luna had felt herself getting drunk so she switched to soda.

They were still relaxing in the lounge bag together and Luna was happily laying in Chloe's embrace while sipping her drink. On the other side of their group was Peyton sitting on Jake's lap while making out with him, not that Luna minded Peyton running off with Jake. She had Chloe now after all and on top of that she secretly felt like it was a compliment for her that Jake had tried flirting with her first.

The show had ended by now but the band was still playing in the middle of the deck while some people had started dancing again.

Selena passed out the rest of the drinks and sat back down on her spot.

"Where's Liv? She left a while saying she wanted to do 'something' but i haven't seen her back yet?" Selena said,

Nobody knew were she had went until Peyton spotted her.

"Found her, she's... wait what?" Peyton said surprised,

Everyone followed her gaze and they now spotted Liv in the crowd on the dance floor, that in itself wasn't special but it's who she was with. Liv was slow dancing together with their... teacher?!

"She didn't want to do 'something', i'm pretty sure she wants to do 'someone'!" Peyton laughed,

Liv had never really openly acknowledged this but their whole class kind of knew she was into their teacher who was still relatively young, somewhere in his twenties. To the rest of the class amusement she would often try to help their teacher during class while denying afterwards she had no ulterior motives. They knew better though.

"Let her do, we're not on school and it's only a few months until the end of the year." Selene said shrugging, "let them enjoy things!"

"Just don't mention it to anyone on your school, you know, so your teacher doesn't get in trouble." Jake added,

They quickly agreed to not spread the word what they had just seen, the group eased into a new topic to talk about now.

"It would be pretty crazy if they would like... hook up no?" Selena said,

Vicky chuckled and answered with another question, "Still, would it be as crazy as Luna chucking that girl into the pool? Also don't forget that afterwards 'that' happened" she pointed in the direction of Luna and Chloe.

"Talking about that bitch, who was that actually?" Peyton asked,

Luna shifted a bit to see how Chloe would react to that question, and after a few seconds Chloe started talking.

"Her names Caitlyn, and she made my life a living hell for years at my previous school."

Chloe explained the situation completely, even though she didn't go in as much detail as a few days ago. She still added how she had told the story before to Luna but that she had left out the part where she was outed to the whole school that time. How she was terrified of her secret coming out to everyone and thinking that when Caitlyn had spilled her secret earlier she would be all alone once more, and perhaps even bullied. Her voice had cracked a few times throughout the story but Luna was glad to see she managed to keep her eyes dry.

"If i had known that i would've helped you toss her over the railing of the ship to be fair!" Jake intertwined while everyone started laughing,

Selena said, "We were so confused and then shocked when Luna suddenly walked up to her and just tossed her into the pool like that."

"Actually i kind of wish i had seen it happen now, seeing her tumble into the pool sounds like a great show." Chloe said smiling, "Also, thanks for doing that." Chloe almost whispered the words in Luna's ears.

Peyton suddenly got up and walked over to them, "Well actually! What if i told you i filmed it, when i saw her face when she got up i felt like i had to take out my phone and film whatever was gonna happen."

She took her phone out of her pocket and continued, "But honestly Luna, now i see 'this'," Peyton circled her finger in the air towards Luna and Chloe, she was referring to the obvious change between them. "everything makes so much more sense how you went after that bitch."

The video started and Luna was a bit surprised of herself actually, she did look like she was out for blood even seeing it on the small screen of the smartphone. And then she saw how she threw Caitlyn into the pool while kicking her stuff after her.

"Holy shit Luna!" Chloe said out loud with a big smile on her face.

"We're telling you, she went berserk over you!" Vicky said, "But yea now everything makes more sense."

The amounts of attention was getting too high for Luna at this point, she pulled up the blanket and hid her face under it while she could feel her face was getting hot from embarrassment. At the same time she felt weirdly proud at what she had done.

While Luna was relishing this night in Chloe's arms, she hadn't completely come to terms with the fact that she wasn't straight as she had always thought. She felt uneasy and conflicted about it, was she lesbian? Perhaps, maybe bi? She hadn't really given it a proper thought yet but she knew for sure she was shy about it.

"I don't know why but i kind of had a feeling about you two." Peyton suddenly said,

Vicky chuckled, "Weird flex but ok."

"So Luna, are you lesbian then? Selena blurted out, but quickly adding, "Ah sorry, you don't need to answer that if you don't want to."

Luna could feel her face get even hotter by now while still hiding her face under the blanket, she answered in honesty, "I don't even know, i only know that i realized a few days ago that i was ignoring my feelings."

Luna couldn't keep hiding for ever under her blanket so she finally popped her head out again.

She also added, "I guess i'm still a bit conflicted about it, everything went a bit fast i guess. But I do know i would toss Caitlyn in the pool again if i had to though."

The entire group laughed out loud about this fact, which undoubtedly was true.

"Understandably, but you don't need to be embarrassed, just kiss already!" Selena said,

Luna still with a bright red face started to hide her face again under the blanket.

She could hear some of the group laughing about her shyness.

Luna suddenly felt Chloe's hand under her chin lifting her head up. She kissed Luna on her lips, this time it was a more intimate kiss though. Luna could feel her embarrassment fade as she kissed back and wrapped her arm around her waist hugging her tighter than before.

Again she could feel the butterflies going around in her stomach while they kissed for several seconds.

In the background Luna could hear her classmates letting out small cheers while somewhere in the distance she could hear someone randomly letting out a "woo!!" , suddenly out of nowhere she could hear a fake camera shutter sound of a smartphone taking a picture.

They got spooked and broke off the kiss, Peyton had apparently taken a picture of them kissing. Peyton must've realized it was inappropriate when she apologized.

"Um sorry about that, i didn't mean anything with it, i wanted you to have a picture as a memory of this." Peyton said apologeticly, "I'll send it to you and delete it on my phone don't worry!"

Peyton showed her phone afterwards proving she had deleted the picture of them.

They quickly forgot about the incident, Peyton clearly hadn't had bad intentions. Actually, lately Luna was starting to tolerate Peyton more, at school she usually couldn't stand her all that much but on this cruise she felt like she wasn't that bad somehow, maybe she was finally growing up.

"Alright but now i really need to go pee to be honest, i'll be right back." Peyton said as she stood up.

"Same!" Vicky and Selena said while also standing up.

Jake stopped her in her tracks as he read his phone, "My friends just texted me that all the toilets closed in the vicinity, oh wait that message is from 20 minutes ago already."

The other friends of Jake had left earlier and apparently realized there weren't any toilets open anymore, it's just Luna, Chloe, Vicky, Selena, Peyton and Jake in the group now.

"What!?" Peyton shouted in panic, "Fuck this cruise man!"

"Oh so that's what that commotion was about earlier" Chloe said,

Luna had noticed it as well but also wasn't sure what the commotion was about, that must've been from people finding out about the toilets being closed.

However, there was a stark contrast between the last time they were at a late night party on the deck. On the 2nd day of the cruise when news broke out that the toilets all closed everyone kind of panicked and rushed to go to their rooms or find other toilets somewhere on the other side of the ship that was open. Effectively ending the party immediately.

Now however, she realized that a good amount of people had already left, but a lot of people were still dancing or sitting and happily chatting. Everyone seemed relaxed and was having a good time.

Luna glanced at Chloe who glanced back at her, they were both thinking the same thing. They were still sitting in wet pants after all, did they get lucky and the toilets closed? It was later in the evening than the last time but they eventually did close. The new rotations had finally done their job and they had an excuse to get away with their wet pants!

The reaction of Vicky and Selena was also a lot different to Peyton however, as they just plunged back down in their own lounge bags and wrapped their blankets back around them. They both looked at each other.

"Well guess we don't have to get up to go to the toilet anymore." Vicky nonchalantly said.

"What do you mean you don't have to go to the toilet anymore?" Peyton asked confused,

Vicky answered smug, "Yea well, it's closed. What do you want me to do at a closed toilet? I can't enter it... We might as well just stay here right?"

Selena nodded in approval.

"This isn't funny! I really need to pee!" Peyton said while starting to panic.

Meanwhile while Peyton was panicking Luna had taken interest in their surroundings, they had been focused on their own conversation all this time, and to be fair Chloe was the middle point of her focus right now as they had been cuddling all this time. But now that she started to look around she quickly noticed something.

First of all it was evident a lot of people stayed even though there was no open toilet in the vicinity, people were enjoying themselves like there was nothing wrong.

There was a girl sitting a bit further from them with a different group, she was sitting on a lounge chair and while Luna had noticed the big puddle under it she had thought it was a spilled drink or something, but now she had strong suspicion that the woman had wet her pants and it had soaked through the fabric.

Luna wanted to ask Chloe if she was overthinking this, when she suddenly saw two girls pass by with several drinks in their hands, one had a white jeans shorts on and the other girl a short summer dress with some patterns on. She had almost missed it but on a second glance the girl her shorts had a big wet patch on her back, it was hard to see with the color and lack of proper light. Another glance and she realized the hem of the dress of the other girl was wet as well. Luna didn't need to ask anymore as her suspicion was confirmed.

"It's ok if you have an accident, you don't need to be embarrassed about it." Jake tried comforting Peyton,

Both Vicky and Selena agreed.

Luna thought back of the update from Dr. Neuhaus in the morning, he basically had said that people that got drunk cared less about wetting themselves. At the time she hadn't really thought about it but now she realized she had underestimated his statement.

This particular cruise with it's weird toilet system combined with a mix of party, ambience, fun and a good amount of alcoholic drinks had made a potent effect on people's prejudice about wetting pants.

"So you're just gonna sit here and what? Wait until you piss yourself?" Peyton asked with some disgust in her voice.

"I"m not waiting though..." Vicky paused a little bit with her mouth still open as if she was waiting for something before she could continue, "...I just finished peeing."

Selena now audibly let out a sigh, "Same."

Vicky put her blanket aside to show the crotch of her jeans which was still glistening from wetness, clearly she had just peed in her pants.

Peyton wasn't having it, she bolted away looking for a toilet they assumed. Selena who was wearing a tight but stylish black short dress sheepishly added,

"I didn't actually readjust my dress though, i just peed through it."

Vicky shrugged, "It really doesn't matter honestly."

Wasn't it black? It probably won't show anyway, and even if it shows it doesn't matter." Luna added,

Chloe suddenly laughed and nodded in the direction of the dance floor, Luna realized she meant the guy and woman sitting at one of the bars behind the dance floor.

The guy was sitting on a bar stool with visibly wet pants, it seemed he was just done peeing his pants. The woman who was sitting down before, now was standing up from her bar stool. She was wearing a classy dark red dress that came to her knees.

So even if guys could easily excuse themselves and walk for maybe a few minutes they should be able to find a place to relieve themselves, but even then, to Luna's surprise some just let go in their pants as well.

It looked as if the guy was explaining something to her while doing hand gestures.

Luna felt like she already knew what was gonna come next, the woman was about to pee through her panties underneath her dress.

"She just stood up so she can wet herself without getting it on her dress." Jake said, while everyone agreed.

But no, they were wrong, she sat down again on the barstool turning mostly her back to them while the guy nodded in agreement it seemed.

"Ok maybe not? Guess i was wrong." Jake said,

Chloe agreed, "Yea i thought she really was gonna pee through her panties."

They realized they were all wrong.

She was half sitting and half leaning on the stool while her feet were still on the ground, they could see most of the back of her dress. When suddenly she looked down at her feet it seemed.

A small dark patch became visible on the back of her dress that quickly started to expand.

She parted her legs now while continuing to lean on the barstool and she nonchalantly kept peeing in her panties while wetting the entire back of her dress. Clearly she was doing it on purpose and the couple were laughing over it as well while her pee was streaming down her dress and barstool.

"What were you worried about again? Wet dress or something?" Vicky asked Selena who laughed,

The woman had made a size able puddle underneath her stool by the time she was done peeing. The back of her dress was wet until the hem. She lifted herself up a bit and fully sat down on the bar stool talking to her partner as if nothing had happened.

Luna felt like her and her little secret was accepted for the first time in her life. She couldn't help but feel overjoyed, this evening simply couldn't get any better anymore... or so she thought.

Luna was laying very comfortably in Chloe's arms, her pants still very moist from her earlier wetting and for the first time ever she felt like it was normal, even while in public. The feeling of wet fabric on her skin felt good, even though her pants had cooled down a while ago...wait, why was her butt suddenly warming up...

A wave of bliss washed over her as she realized Chloe was peeing her pants without warning, creating the warmth and wetness that was slowly spreading under her.

She lifted her head and glanced at Chloe to be greeted with a big smile, this time she could definitely tell it was her genuine trademark smile. Luna leaned her head back on Chloe's shoulder without saying a word and simply enjoyed the warmth and wetness they were sharing.

The moment Chloe was done peeing Luna immediately relaxed her own bladder as well and started wetting her pants again, continuing the bliss full feeling. She liked how she could feel how Chloe's heartbeat was rising now. She emptied her full bladder into her clothes and lounge bag.

"Don't you two need to pee?" Selena asked,

"Not anymore." Chloe and Luna answered simultaneously.

Everyone chuckled at how casual everyone was acting while they were all very much peeing in their clothes.

Luna her attention started to wander around the deck again, there were still a few people dancing on the dance floor, when she noticed a small group there.

"Do it!!" Some of them shouted,

A good looking girl in a pretty blue blouse and tight jeans was with them, She shook her head no.

"Not everyone has the guts to wet their pants i guess, she'll probably hold on until she finally has a real accident." Chloe said,

"Come on, just do it! Even if you run to your room now you'll never make it anyway."

"Look around, look how many people have wet themselves by now, it's no big deal."

The group now started chanting, "Do it, do it, do it!"

The girl finally gave in it seemed when she shifted her pose and the group stopped their chanting.

"Oh is she gonna do it?" Luna wondered out loud.

The girl was standing with her back towards Luna's group now that she had stopped dancing and spread her feet apart. She was looking down at her pants.

After a few seconds the blue fabric between her thighs started to show darkness, quickly streaks were going down her pants legs and it started spreading up her butt as well.

Her friends were applauding now as she was fully wetting her pants, the wet patch was spreading down on the inside of her legs until it reached her feet.

Luna took another sip from her soda while she saw a puddle forming at the girls feet. Luna loved how her friends were actively cheering her on for it, they looked like they were really having fun as the girl had a big smile on her face even though she had completely pissed her jeans in the middle of the dance floor.

The girl looked relieved. Even though people must've seen it, nobody was making any fuzz about it.

"Actually where's Peyton?" Selena asked,

Chloe ignoring the question, "Why is she so prude about wetting herself actually?"

"Oh i thought she didn't want to because she was embarrassed i was here," Jake said, "But now you're saying she's always like this?"

"Pretty much." They all answered.

After a while their drinks were all finished and decided they were all having a nice night and even though it was already late they opted for one more drink except for Jake who excused himself and went to look for his friends. Luna and Chloe volunteered to get the drinks as it was their turn. Without any embarrassment for their wet pants they both got up and started walking over the dance floor towards the closest bar, which was the one with the couple sitting who both had wet their jeans and dress respectively.

Luna was walking next to Chloe when she suddenly said, "I can finally say this without having to filter it."

Luna playfully asked, "Say what?"

"You look sexy as hell in that wet jumpsuit, i can't keep my eyes off." Chloe admitted,

"haha, i can say the same now as well, i had a hard time sometimes trying not to stare at your ass, especially in wet jeans like now!" Luna admitted in her turn.

Both were smiling like idiots while they crossed the dance floor, Luna felt like she could get used to these types of compliments. Meanwhile they noticed even more people with wet pants now, further strengthening their complete lack of embarrassment for the state their pants were in.

They now got to the bar and waited patiently for the bartender to get to them to take their order, in the meantime Luna was checking the damage on her jump suit. She was turning around and stretching the fabric, she didn't mind people could see her obvious wet clothes.

Chloe confirmed to Luna what she basicly already knew, her butt was soaked from their shared wettings.

Chloe now twirled around showing off her own wet patch, for her it wasn't as visible in the front, her back however made it very obvious she had peed herself.

The bartender came and they gave their order. Meanwhile Luna felt it was getting chilly with her wet pants without blanket, the cold night breeze wasn't helping either. Thankfully that wasn't a problem though.

All of the drinks before were really starting to go through her and thanks to the cold air she was even more aware of her full bladder now. Without further overthinking it she relaxed and welcomed the warm glow that started spreading in her crotch as her pants got soaked once again. She had wanted to soak her new clothes the entire evening and why she already did wet them, she hadn't wet them yet while standing.

Luna felt her pee cascading down her legs and making the fabric cling to her legs, this place and time is as good as any other to wet her pants she thought while still standing at the bar waiting for their drinks.

"psst, my pants are getting kind of cold and i need to..." Chloe abruptly stopped her sentence midway when she noticed Luna was in the middle of wetting her pants. "Oh i see."

"We were thinking the same thing." Luna said without any shame.

Luna hadn't even parted her feet and now she could feel her shoes and socks gradually getting wet while she could see she was making a puddle on the floor. She was beaming with joy, she couldn't believe she was casually peeing in her clothes in front of the bar out in the open.

"Here's your drinks ladies, enjoy your time." The bartender said while handing them their drinks.

Luna's stream subsided and she let out a sigh, "Oooh that feels so much better than holding it, guess i have to agree with Emma." Luna joked.

Luna felt amazing after what she had done, she wanted to pick up their drinks and leave to go back to their lounge bag when Chloe said to wait a second. Chloe was leaning on the bar counter with one elbow while facing Luna who now looked down at Chloe's crotch.

Chloe's pants were mostly dry on the front as she had only wet herself while sitting so far, not to Luna's surprise she could now see a wet patch starting to form at the front and quickly expand while also streaks of pee were going down her legs with drops falling down straight from her crotch onto the ground. Luna enjoyed the view of Chloe nonchalantly wetting her jeans, it was also very visible as her jeans was turning into a much darker shade of blue. Luna could tell Chloe wasn't embarrassed at all as she was calmly observing how the wet patch was spreading on the front of her jeans while it was flowing down her pants soaking her pants legs.

Luna was taking it all in, the prospect of having a girlfriend (even though she was having some conflicting emotions about it) who was nonchalantly wetting her jeans in front of her which was really turning her on once more. She concluded that this has to be the best party ever, the ambience was great and it seemed that all the people that stayed this late for the party weren't having any prejudice about deliberately wetting pants anymore.

After Chloe was done peeing and made her own puddle on the ground they got ready again to take the drinks and go back to their place when suddenly two guys showed up. They eagerly introduced themselves as Kevin and Tom. Luna and Chloe quickly tried to excuse themselves while saying they just wanted to go back to their friends while she pointed at their sitting place.

"Ah sorry we didn't want to bother you or anything, we just felt like getting to know you two and have a drink togheter." Kevin said,

Luna figured they were just trying to flirt with them but they didn't seem to have any bad intentions though and even though they seemed to be drunk she felt like it was rude to leave them so abruptly.

"I know it's cheesy but hey i'm a bit drunk so i'm gonna say it anyway, girl you look amazing in that!" Tom said while pointing at Luna and her outfit, "You look great as well by the way!" While pointing at Chloe.

Luna blurted out confused, "We literally just pissed ourselves?"

Luna looked down at her outfit once more just to confirm her pants were very visibly peed in, there was almost no possible explanation for anyone looking at her to not come to that conclusion.

Tom slurred his words a bit, "pfft, it's fine, between you and me? I kinda think it's hot."

Luna could feel her face get hot.

"You girls are single right? We saw you were alone so we just assumed." Kevin said, testing the waters,

"Um..." Chloe began and was thinking of what to say but it was Tom who intertwined, "Dude look at them, even if they don't have boyfriends, they're out of our league man!"

He was lightheartedly joking while complimenting them on their looks and they all laughed about it. It was kinda cute how hard they were trying.

"...Not really single no." Chloe said sounding a bit unsure.

Luna saw how Chloe glanced at her while she said it, as if to confirm if what she's saying is correct.

"So how single is 'not really single' exactly?" Tom laughed,

Kevin added, "So you have a boyfriend or not?"

Luna intertwined, "No, She's my girlfriend."

Luna glanced at Chloe while she said it and she saw her entire face light up almost immediately. Luna felt quite funny when saying it out loud, she did mean it however. She was confident they both wanted the same thing so why beat around the bush? Although the amounts of alcohol in her body was definitely helping her boost her confidence by a lot.

"Wait really?" Tom and Kevin asked surprised, "Didn't see that coming."

"Why not?" Chloe responded smug, "Look at her, how could i not be into her?"

Luna choked in her drink she had just picked up from the bar counter seconds ago.

Kevin and Tom were wondering if they were serious or just trying to brush them off.

Just then Selena and Vicky popped up, wondering why their drinks were keeping that long.

Vicky drunkly blurted out, "What's keeping you love birds so long to deliver some drinks?"

They gave them their drinks and Selena and Vicky sat down on one of the bar stools, guess they stay here now for the remainder of the party. Vicky had unintentionally confirmed what Tom and Kevin were wondering about and they finally understood the situation, slightly embarrassed and visibly flustered they excused themselves and wished them a good remainder of the party while Chloe and Luna kept standing up but shifted so they had their own small circle now. They were right next to the couple, the back of the woman in red dress was facing towards them while Vicky and Selena were sitting with their back towards the bar.

Peyton suddenly showed up, slightly to their surprise, still with dry shorts. (she had cute short jeans shorts on that was showing off her ass, but not in a slutty way) She seemed frustrated and it wasn't helping when they told her Jake had left earlier. They quickly ordered her a drink as well.

"You don't want to know how far i had to walk to find a freaking toilet." Peyton said visibly frustrated,

"I'm surprised you made it to begin with." Vicky said surprised,

Luna tried comforting Peyton now, "You don't need to be embarrassed about it, just let go in your pants if you have to, your shorts probably won't even show that much."

Peyton responded, clearly offended, "What makes you think i want to piss myself like you all did."

"Peyton..." Chloe muttered,

Selena quickly changed the subject and asked what those guys wanted, Luna and Chloe explained how they were trying to hit on them but said they weren't single.

"Oh so it's official?" Selena asked, "Cheers to that!"

Vicky and Peyton followed and lifted their drinks, while Luna and Chloe looked at each other while blushing a bit.

"Excuse me, coming through!"

A girl walked up to them, still moving her body to the music playing, with empty glasses she walked up between their group and the couple sitting next to them.

When she reached the bar and put her glasses down she apologized once more.

"Excuse me, hope you don't mind."

It was the girl with white jeans shorts from earlier, now that she was closer and in better lighting coming from the bar she could clearly see the wet stain on the back of her shorts. Luna figured she was excusing herself for coming through, but a few seconds later she realized the second time was for something else.

Droplets started dropping down from her shorts followed by streams of pee going down her legs. She hadn't even readjusted her pose or anything, leaning casually on the bar she fully let go into her shorts. A fresh wet patch was forming on the back of her shorts.

"What the actual fuck!" Peyton blurted out.

The girl turned around shocked and stopped peeing, with still dripping pants she quickly apologized once again,

"I'm so sorry i thought you wouldn't mind, everyone here had wet pants so i thought..."

Selena who was sitting right next to where the girl was standing interrupted her,

"It's fine really, we don't mind." Selena said reassuringly.

The woman on the other side in the red dress turned around and spoke to her in a warm voice,

"We also don't mind, just go ahead and continue."

Peyton realized she really was in the minority on this and as a result she kept her mouth shut, with a bit of a sour expression she continued sipping her drink. The girl turned around again just in time for the bartender to get to her order. Once she was done ordering Luna could tell she simply let it flow again as droplets were going down her legs that turned into streams slowly creating a puddle underneath her. When she was done peeing she grabbed the three drinks she ordered and left with still dripping shorts.

"I need to pee as well," Selena admitted sheepishly, "But without the blanket it's kind of embarrassing."

"No need to be."

"Just let it flow."

"I need to pee as well actually." Vicky added,

Peyton didn't say a word.

Both Selena and Vicky started to pee in their pants at the same time, Selena through her dress while sitting on the bar stool and Vicky in her jeans while half sitting and half leaning on the bar stool. With Selena they could see her pee run down both of the hem of her dress and the bar stool. With Vicky however, her crotch visibly turned a darker shade of blue over the faded wet patch from earlier. Luna could tell because of the way how she was leaning the whole back of her jeans as well as the bar stool were getting wet while streams of pee were running down and off her legs. They could hear the sound of their pee splattering on the ground over the music's volume.

"Haha you girls don't seem to care to much about peeing your pants." The woman in the red dress said as she turned her head around.

"I don't think there's a reason to be and everyone is having a good time no?" Luna said in an upbeat voice.

"Yea you don't need to be shy about it!" Chloe said out loud, "There's no shame in doing it on this cruise."

After a short chat the woman had shifted her attention back to her husband. But after a few seconds there was a splattering sound again, this time it was the woman who was rewetting her red dress in a nonchalant way without even pausing the conversation she was having with her husband. They could see how the back of her dress was getting more wet while her pee was running down the bar stool.

Luna couldn't help herself, with seeing everyone peeing themselves in the most nonchalant ways she also felt like joining, her pants had cooled off a while ago already and with all the previous drinks in her system she felt like her bladder was at least half full again. Without muttering a word or giving it a second thought she relaxed her bladder once more and felt her pants warming up again with the familiar feeling of her pee going down her legs.

"Haha Luna you had to pee again? We saw you pee earlier when we were still sitting down." Selena said while laughing,

"Don't judge me! I wanted to warm up my pants." Luna said carefree.

"You guys are disgusting." Peyton muttered.

Vicky stood up from her bar stool and went to Peyton, "Lissen..."

Luna could tell she was drunk as she was wobbling a little bit while also slurring her words sometimes.

"Lissen here Peyton, come here..." Vicky said,

Peyton was trying to dodge her as Vicky tried to embrace her.

"Stop dodging and come here i... i want to tell you something, it's r...really important."

"You literally pissed yourself seconds ago, stay away from me." Peyton muttered disgusted.

"shhhhht, come here." Vicky said while she finally caught Peyton and threw her arm around her. "Lissen..."

"What?!"

"Lissen... look at aaall these people here, look at the girls that are on t... thiss deck." Vicky waved her hand around."

"What about them?" Peyton said annoyed,

Vicky put her head closer to Peyton so she could whisper in her ear, "There's a difference between you and them."

She continued whispering even quieter, the others could barely hear it anymore, "You see, they all have at the very least wet their panties at this point, and you..."

...

Vicky suddenly shouted in Peyton's ear, "...ARE THE ONLY ONE WHO HASN'T WET HERSELF YET!!!!!"

Peyton almost fell over, Luna and Selena spit out there drinks while everyone started laughing hysterically. Even other people from further away were laughing including the couple that was sitting next to their group.

"Chloe is peeing!" Selena shouted while pointing at her,

Luna looked beside her and Chloe was crouching down from laughter while she noticed a puddle forming under her, pee was running down her butt. Everyone started laughing even harder now.

Peyton however had turned around and walked away, she wasn't having it.

They tried calling her and saying sorry but she didn't react and kept walking.

Meanwhile Chloe stood up again still laughing and snickering, she was still peeing in her pants as droplets were going down in between her legs. Clearly she wasn't even trying to stop her stream and was just letting it flow. Chloe was nonchalantly lifting her one leg up and shaking the pee off of her shoe and pant leg. When she was finally done peeing she explained what happened.

"Sometimes when i laugh really hard i can feel a leak about to happen in my panties, normally i have the reflex to fight it and prevent it, but now when i felt it coming i kind of just let it happen... because why not? I only realized how funny it was when i was already doing it!" Chloe laughed with tears in her eyes.

"Oh my god Chloe, that's so cute!" Luna blurted out,

It was adorable how Chloe had a semi accident just now, and she had continued to pee her jeans in the most casual way.

"Ok i kind of feel bad f-for Peyton, maybe i sshouldn't have done that." Vicky said worried,

"Maybe you should go over to water or soda or something!" Selena said,

Vicky answered drunk, "Naaaah, i mean, wasn't this the last drink?"

Vicky was right though, it was late and Luna was tired as hell, so much had happened and she was looking forward to her bed. She was secretly looking forward to go to sleep with Chloe and waking up next to her.

They slowly finished their drinks and talked a little bit about Peyton, she seemed to really have a big disgust for pee or something. Even though Vicky was pretty drunk she had a point, every girl here must be standing or sitting in wet panties at least. A lot of the guys had even decided to just let go in their pants while they had more of a choice than the girls. Yet she really wasn't having it.

After a few minutes Luna could already feel her bladder had started to fill again, she just relaxed and let it flow into her pants and kept continuously leaking in her pants whenever she felt like.

After a little while she noticed the occasional dripping from Vicky and Selena's bar stools as well, she realized they were doing the same thing.

They finished their drinks and they were about to leave and call it a night.

Luna said with a smile, "Have we all been continuously leaking in our pants this last 20 minutes or so?"

"Yea, i also saw your crotch get wet every few minutes!" Vicky shouted,

They all laughed about it, while Vicky added, "Honestly, tomorrow we're supposed to not wet ourselves when we're off the ship? With this drug in me i wouldn't count on it, i might just pee myself several times!"

Everyone laughed even harder,

Chloe suddenly intertwined, "Oof i almost wet my pants again."

"Oh no!" Luna and Selena faked their shock,

Chloe now really started laughing,

"Ok now i'm peeing!"

Luna could see how her girlfriend was peeing her jeans once more, she had lost count how many times they had peed themselves today.

After they were done laughing they all said their goodbyes and left towards their rooms.

While leaving the remainders of a party they could now see the result of it. The dance floor as well as the bar areas were filled with puddles scattered everywhere. The most recent wet patches could be seen on the seats and lounge bags as they passed by. Janitors were now mopping up the entire top deck to make it fresh and clean again for in the morning.

"This looks like a lot of work..." Chloe muttered,

Luna and Chloe were walking through the hallways while holding hands, towards their room,

"You really meant that earlier? When you said that about me being your girlfriend?" Chloe asked,

Luna answered with an almost hoars voice, "I know we haven't talked about it yet, but i thought you wouldn't mind if i said that."

"I'm just asking because you said earlier something about... being conflicted about it?" Chloe said cautiously,

They got into the elevator, waited for it to close and go down towards their hallway.

"The thing is... I always thought i was straight but... you made me realize that's not the case. A few days ago i realized i had actual feelings for you, i was still trying to deny it and just thought you were a really good and special friend, i was fooling myself though."

The elevator stopped and the doors opened and got out to start walking towards their room, but there was a man in his bathrobe walking through the hallways for some reason.

Neither of the girls flinched when they saw him, they weren't bothered if anyone saw their soaked pants and just continued on their walk. The man didn't react either as they crossed him.

Actually Luna once again felt her overworked bladder had filled a bit, she had peed so often the last few hours her bladder muscles were sore. She was planning on letting it go the moment they got in their room.

She changed her mind almost immediately, why not just let it go now? She didn't really mind if someone would see it.

"I'm gonna pee again." Luna casually announced to Chloe,

Chloe agreed, "Good idea, me too."

Both girls kept walking while they relaxed their bladder and let go in their pants while a few seconds later they could hear the guy that had crossed them earlier letting out a small sneeze, he had turned around for some reason or got what he needed, whatever it was he was walking a few meters behind them.

Luna didn't mind he was seeing her pee herself, she didn't stop her stream and continued to let it flow, soaking her pants further. They must be leaving a trail of pee by now. Her stream subsided when they finally reached the door of their room. Luna noticed Chloe hadn't stopped peeing either and must have emptied whatever was in her bladder into her jeans.

They unlocked the door and as they wanted to go in the guy in bathrobe suddenly stood next to them with a few bottles of drinks in his hands.

"Hi there! Guess we're neighbours here, hadn't seen you two yet, nice to meet you! We ran out of drinks and i was getting really thirsty with this god damn medication."

They both greeted him and introduced themselves to him, saying they just came back from the party on the top deck. After a little chit chat they said their goodbyes and went inside. He seemed to have completely ignored the fact they had peed their pants while walking in front of him. Luna felt amazing at how casually she could wet herself without having to worry about anything, although alcohol was helping a hand in the courage departement.

They both let out a long yawn when they got in their room. Both agreed to not shower as they were too tired and they were gonna wet the bed anyway.

They each went to the bathroom to put on dry panties and pajamas. Luna came out of the bathroom and Chloe was already laying in bed. She crawled in bed and joined her.

Luna immediately crawled closer than she did in the previous nights and Chloe did exactly the same. Their faces were only a few cm's away from each other.

"I understand if you want to take it slow, or even wait a bit entirely before you feel more comfortable about it." Chloe whispered, "With 'it' i mean like, dating a girl."

"Don't worry about it, i want this, i'd love to be your girlfriend." Luna whispered back, "You have no idea how happy you made me today. I'm just like... thinking... what will people think of me? Like what would my parents say? I feel like i haven't had time to really let it sink in yet."

"I understand." Chloe whispered back, "So you don't mind this?"

Chloe took her arm from under the bed sheets and lifted it, Luna immediately accepted, crawled closer to her and they cuddled against each other while she lowered her head on Chloe's shoulder. While laying in her embrace she was looking in Chloe's eyes, with the little light there was in the room she could see them sparkle.

Finally being alone in their room without having to be afraid of what others would think they leaned in and kissed. Longer and more intimate than before while Luna draped her arm over her and pulled herself closer. She felt her heart beating like crazy and she felt shivers going through her. When they finally broke off the kiss and looked at each other again. Luna her head was spinning, she didn't want to stop yet as they both leaned in again but now Luna parted her lips slightly which Chloe accepted. Luna could feel Chloe's tongue slide inside while she did the same with her.

They made out like this for a while, letting out small moans and caressing each other in their embrace. When they finally stopped they looked at each other. Both girls could feel their eyes start to close on their own from exhaustion.

They both said goodnight and gave each other a goodnight kiss to drift off to sleep immediately after.

___

*067*2023-01-10 18:56

Chapter 15 ladies and gents

___

First thing Chloe felt was a light head ache, oh yea, she remembered she drank quite a lot yesterday. While still half asleep she noticed her bursting bladder that must have woken her up and on top of that she felt her mouth was sticky and dry, some water would be nice right now.

She was annoyed she woke up because she was having such an amazing dream...

In her dream they had gone to the party at the top deck, she had kissed Luna and through a series of unforgettable events she was her girlfriend by the end of the night. On top of that Luna had thrown Caitlyn into the pool. Making things even better they had wet themselves so many times throughout the night in her dream, she had really enjoyed it and realized she was really into this new kink, a good chunk of that was because of Luna of course.

She vaguely recalls that they had gone to their room and made out before falling asleep, man that was such an epic dream. But where did last night end and when did her dream exactly start? She was still half asleep and her mind felt a bit foggy, probably also from the hangover. And oh man she needed to pee.

The fog cleared a bit and she fully came to her senses and immediately felt a weight on her arm and shoulder she wasn't used to. She opened her eyes and got greeted by a sleeping Luna right next to her still in her embrace from last night. In an instant everything that happened last night all came back to her and realized she hadn't dreamed it, it all really happened and she could feel fluttering feelings in her stomach while coming to this realization.

Chloe calmed down and was recalling everything that had happened last night, some parts were a bit foggy still because she had gotten quite drunk at some point. But she remembered everything. She could hear Luna's slow breathing while she was laying with her head right next to her, still sound asleep, she looked so cute with her mouth half open.

A spasm in her bladder reminded her she was bursting for a pee.

She vaguely recalled that they had said they were gonna wet the bed, but she could feel Luna laying against her thigh which meant she would definitely get wet as well if she let go now. Not sure if she would mind it or not but she also didn't want to wake her up...

While contemplating what to do she did manage to grab a water bottle from the night stand without waking up Luna so she could quench her thirst. She put the bottle away but she still hadn't made a decision, should she just let go?

When wondering about it Chloe could notice Luna stopped her breathing for a second, and then let out an almost inaudible sigh followed by a faint hissing noise that was coming from under the blanket. Luna was wetting herself in her sleep Chloe realized, she didn't flinch at all, she just waited with beating heart and as expected, after a few seconds she could feel wetness caressing her thigh that was also spreading under her butt.

To Chloe's delight she could feel how her girlfriend was soaking both of them and their bed, when she felt another spasm in her own bladder she stopped fighting it and relaxed completely, welcoming her own stream and letting it soak into and through her pajamas, their bed was getting thoroughly soaked by both of them.

Oh she was gonna miss this new habit once the cruise would end... but right now she was cherishing this moment.

Their bed was soaked by the time both girls their bladders were emptied, Chloe noticed she also started liking this aspect of bed wetting more and more. She felt like it should be wrong, bad and definitely shouldn't feel good... But it did, it was cozy and comfy.

Chloe found it really cute that Luna had wet their bed like that while sleeping through it. Within seconds she drifted of into a deep slumber again.

___

While still in her embrace Luna got greeted by a still sleeping Chloe next to her, mouth half open and drooling on her pillow. She couldn't contain a little chuckle when seeing her sleeping like that. There was already light coming from behind the curtains and with a quick glance at the clock on the bed side table she realized it was almost noon. Even though she was bursting to pee she wondered if she had slept through the entire night without waking up to pee?

While reminiscing the events of last night she was slowly waking up and letting out a yawn.

Hold on... her pajama shorts felt soggy, so she did wet her bed during the night? Strange, she couldn't remember waking up and pee in her bed? Maybe she could've still been half asleep and didn't remember? There's no way, she definitely would've remembered if she had woken up and decided to wet her bed... Or could it be she actually wet her bed in her sleep without knowing it? There's no way, that's preposterous, she had never done that before, at least not since she can remember.

Although that meant Chloe must have wet the bed as well and that thought was making Luna get a fuzzy feeling on the inside, laying together with her girlfriend in a soaked bed was something that was even better than what she came up with in her fantasies.

Anyway it doesn't matter how it happened, back to what mattered right now and that is that she really needed to pee right now. She wasn't sure if wetting the bed like this was gonna wake up Chloe but it was almost noon anyway and they were gonna disembark from the ship to go visit the town today so they couldn't wait too much longer with getting up anyway.

Luna enjoyed the prospect of laying in her girlfriends embrace while wetting the bed, she relaxed her bladder and felt her stream of pee go into her pajamas and re soak them and the bed. She was looking at Chloe to see any response while she could feel her pee starting to pool underneath her, she was happily relieving herself in their bed while laying against Chloe.

Just when Luna was thinking that Chloe must be starting to feel this she noticed her waking up and opening her eyes, she was visibly still groggy from sleep. She yawned and rubbed her eyes. All while Luna was still emptying her bladder laying right next to her.

"Good morning beautiful." Luna whispered,

"Good morn...oh...ooooooh... holy shit are you peeing?!" Chloe said surprised.

Just as Chloe finished her sentence Luna's stream subsided.

A thought came into her mind when seeing Chloe's reaction, had she overdone it?

Maybe this wasn't such a good idea and she had crossed a boundary of sorts. The cruise had perhaps skewed her judgement because in normal circumstances this would definitely not be an ok thing to do.

She could feel panic brewing inside her, what if she's disgusted by this?

"S-sorry i shouldn't have done that," Luna stammered, "i...i thought..."

Chloe interrupted, "That's the best way anyone has ever woken me up holy fuck!"

"Oh really?" Luna felt relieved hearing this, "I thought i might have messed up..."

"Are you kidding me? Haha, don't worry, waking up while feeling your warmth spreading in bed is amazing!" Chloe said with a smile, "Don't worry i'm not mad at all."

Luna relaxed now hearing this and took her bottle of water from the night stand and took a few sips and passed it too Chloe.

"I slept like a brick." Luna said while stretching.

Chloe laughed mischievous, "Yea i noticed, you didn't even wake up when you wet the bed in the middle of the night."

Luna got flustered hearing this, "Hold on i did what?" So she did wet her bed in her sleep...

"You heard me!" Chloe said, "I woke up because i needed to pee and i wasn't sure what to do because you were sleeping in my arms, suddenly i could feel you started peeing the bed."

"Oh my god i'm so sorry!" Luna covered her face with her hands while she wanted to sink through the bed from embarrassment.

"Haha it's fine, it was super cute actually." Chloe reassured her, "And you don't have to say sorry for that."

Chloe closed Luna back in her embrace and they laid like this while continuing talking.

"When i woke up in the middle of the night i thought for a second i dreamed the whole party last night." Chloe said,

"Nope, i'm still your girlfriend!" Luna said laughing,

"You have no idea how happy that makes me hearing that." Chloe said, she continued a bit shyly, "Also, i'm bursting to pee, you don't mind right?"

"mhm"

Luna knew what she meant, a few seconds later she could hear the hissing start. Instead of flinch she actually scooted even closer to Chloe, she relished this moment as she could feel the first wetness caress her thigh.

"Nice and warm." Luna said dreamy.

Both girls were enjoying their new naughty habit, even after Chloe was done peeing they didn't immediately get out of bed. They checked their phones and Luna checked the group chat, as well as some social media. There were also some news posts about a topic they learned in school, they had learned about the ice caps melting and the chance of uncovering old extinct species of animals. And that's exactly what had happened a while ago, a team had found old remains in almost perfect condition because of the cold and they were researching them. There was a news article about it that she started reading.

"Researchers found dead." The title read,

"Recent dead of five researchers shrouded in mystery, what happened at the north pole?"

Well that was weird, how can they not know what they died from? She read through the entire article but she didn't became any more wiser.

After a while Luna decided to get up and get ready.

She got out of bed and started walking to the bathroom, as she was about to turn the knob of the door she realized with her sleepy head she hadn't picked out her fresh clothes yet.

She abruptly turned around just in time to catch Chloe's gaze drop back down to her phone.

Hold up, had she been checking her out in her wet pajamas? In a same way she had done to Chloe the other day?

"Hold on, haha were you checking me out?" Luna laughed,

Chloe got flustered and didn't really know what to say while Luna walked back to the bed and crawled on it. She got close to Chloe while whispering.

"No need to be embarrassed about it." she leaned in and kissed Chloe, something she had wanted to do that they hadn't done yet since waking up.

Luna got her fresh clothes and went for a shower. Dropping another load of wet pajamas in the washing bin.

___

Luna and Chloe disembarked the ship accompanied by Vicky, Selena and Liv. Peyton was going on a date with Jake, although they worried that the incident from yesterday probably was also a reason for her not to disembark together with them.

They were all taken a back by the huge mountain that stood in the distance, covered with green forests while the top of the mountain in the far distance reached into the clouds. It was a mesmerizing view. At the foot of the mountain was the village they were heading for.

They had gotten the recommendation that the mountain had many different hiking paths for tourists to go explore, therefore they were all wearing appropriate clothing, shorts with a tshirt and adequate shoes. They all had a backpack with them with loads of water as the town and forests didn't have the convenience of handing out drinks almost everywhere like on the ship.

And of course knowing that the drug could be quite unpredictable on their bladders they all thought it was a good idea to have a spare set of shorts and panties with them in their backpack.

They checked out the beautiful town and what it had to offer, they stopped at a little restaurant first and foremost to pee because their bladder was already filling up quickly. And they ate lunch as they all hadn't eaten yet since how late they slept.

After delicious pancakes they moved on to check out the little stores, they also politely asked there if they could use the restroom because... they had to pee again already.

They walked through a little museum that was about the origins of the town and the many legends of the mountain, it was interesting but they didn't waste too much time here as they still wanted to check out the mountain itself... before leaving they also went to the restroom to empty their full bladder once again.

While walking through the town they also regularly saw other tourists and they could often see they were also from their ship as they were sometimes visibly desperate.

It must be weird and funny for the inhabitants to see the influx of people wanting to use the restrooms all the time. They all chuckled when Luna mentioned this.

They left the little town to make their way to the mountain, it looked more daunting when they were at the foot of it, it was quite majestic with it's many forests and cliffs. White mist and clouds were hanging low hugging the trees on it's mountain sides.

When they got to the start of the different trails they split up, Luna and Chloe we're gonna go with just the two of them while the others took a different trail, like this Luna was happy that she could do this activity with just Chloe. They agreed that they would meet again in one of the restaurants in the town after. The ship would only set sail in the late evening so they had plenty of time.

They went on their way on the path and quickly got engrossed with how beautiful nature was in this place. They passed by a small river that ended on a small waterfall, meanwhile taking pictures of it. As well as taking pictures while they were climbing the mountain path. She would have to show these pictures later to her parents Luna thought.

Several minutes later, already a good way into the forests Luna could feel her bladder starting to fill up. No problem however, they had a plan for this.

Vicky had brought it up earlier when still on the ship, in the forests either they could drop their pants and squat or just squat and pull their panties and crotch of their shorts to the side and pee like this, which the latter is probably the fastest way. But also riskier for little accidents Chloe had intertwined.

To everyone's surprise Vicky had done a 'test run' right then and there while they were in one of the hallways of the ship, there were no other people around so she had found a enough secluded spot and with her back to them had yanked her shorts and panties to the side and unleashed a torrent of pee right then and there on the carpet.

Afterwards Vicky stood up and checked if there was any damage on her shorts, "See? no wetness, and if i'm completely honest... after the amount of times i pissed myself yesterday i really don't care if some pee gets on my shorts."

Vicky had a good point and everyone agreed. Luna realized their prejudice of wetting their shorts or pants had immensely declined and she got reminded that she had blatantly wet herself out in the open on the deck multiple times last night. She couldn't help but feel a little bit annoyed they had to go out of their way all day to find restrooms, wetting her shorts felt more inviting than squatting in the woods as well. But they weren't on the ship so they couldn't just wet themselves, what would they do if people saw their wet shorts...

After some more walking Luna said she had to pee and Chloe confirmed she needed to as well. So they went of the trail to find a enough secluded spot and squatted, pulled their shorts and panties out of the way and let go. Luna had been careful doing it and afterwards she confirmed there was no wetness on her shorts, mission succes.

"Vicky was right, it's easy and fast, just a bit more risky getting some on our shorts. I really don't care if they get a little wet if i'm honest though." Chloe said nonchalantly,

Luna said, "Agree, who cares? It's only pee."

Chloe admittedly said, "Is it weird if i said i'm looking forward to getting back on the ship later in the evening? This drug in my system is making me wary with no toilets around, at least on the ship if i don't find one it's not that big of a deal, at least not anymore"

"haha and we won't find a green toilet immediately so we can use it as an excuse to wet our pants?" Luna said laughing, "I agree though."

"Haha yea, yesterday i wet my pants so often it's all i can think of right now." Chloe said,

Luna reassuringly said, "Don't worry about it, you're not the only one."

Luna loved how Chloe seemed to be into wetting just as much as she is by now. She felt comfortable talking about it with her.

She came up with an idea though.

"What do you think about this?" Luna explained, "When we get back to the ship and we need to pee, if the first toilet we find is red we just say fuck it and piss ourselves if we want to. Or is that too crazy?"

Chloe now looked at Luna with a mischievous smile on her face, "That sounds like a fun game, agreed!"

Luna was very much looking forward to this already, knowing how often they found red toilets it's almost inevitable they'll end up with soaked pants. Meanwhile they continued walking while also drinking from the water bottles that they had brought in their backpack, all while enjoying the incredible views while they got higher up the mountain.

They were following the side of a big cliff and passed under a really big waterfall, it looked like a scene from a fantasy movie and they quickly took a picture of both of them standing next to the waterfall. Although this wasn't helping their need to pee, which had been growing again.

They stopped and found a secluded enough spot once again to squat, Luna did the same as before but when she came back Chloe pointed out the small wet patch on the back of her shorts, she realized she had been a bit careless.

"It doesn't matter, it'll dry anyway." Chloe nonchalantly said.

After a while they got higher on the mountain and the path became often more steep while also smaller and more rocky. To their delight they saw some squirrels fleeing away into the tall trees when they passed by. This trip was better than expected so far.

A small pathway formed in front of them between two cliffs, it looked pretty creepy but exciting! They kept going and entered through the opening. Luna could feel her bladder filling again, she knew with the combination of the drug, the excessive water she's been drinking and the moist air that she'll have to pee really soon. Just as she wanted to speak up to let her need known to Chloe they heard voices behind them. They were still on the very narrow path but people were catching up to them.

"Lets go a bit faster maybe so we get out of this narrow trail so we can find a place to pee." Luna said,

Chloe quickly agreed and they upped their pace.

After following the trail a bit further they thought they could see the end of it, but after turning a corner they realized they were high up against the side of one of the giant cliffs. Below them they could see the forest spread out with the town and their ship in the far distance. They could see birds circling beneath them.

Truly mesmerized by the view they looked where to go now, on their left was a small path that hung against the side of the cliff with a railing. It was super narrow, just enough for one person to walk on. Of course there was a railing and it was perfectly safe, but it was damn high and to their horror they saw it went for quite a long way and on top of that they saw a family in the distance on the pathway, but they seemed to be struggling.

Actually on a second glance Luna recognized those people, they heard a familiar voice yelling.

"PATRICK I'M GONNA FALL!!!!" the karen yelled.

Patrick reassuringly said, "Don't worry i'm sure this railing can support your weight!"

"ARE YOU CALLING ME FAT!?!?!" (She was though)

Luna and Chloe tried but failed to hold their laugh seeing the karen struggle.

They had no other option then to start following the even more narrow path on the side of the cliff, the people behind them were not that far away from them anymore either.

They had no way of relieving their full bladder as long as they were on this path... But the karen and her family were moving slow and they quickly caught up to them. By the time they were halfway through the path both girls their bladders were bursting and Luna was starting to get worried now as progress was being made very slow with the karen in front.

Oh god she wished the karen would move quicker, if she could walk as fast as she could complain they would've been back in town already by now. The group behind them was also letting out sighs every time the karen would pause or start complaining again.

Luna checked on Chloe to see how she was doing but seeing the look on her face, not any better than she was. Luna had to put effort in holding now, her bladder felt really uncomfortable.

They carried on and the karen finally started to move quicker.

"Patrick we need to move quicker! I need to pee!"

Patrick answered, "Me and Timmy as well but you're the one walking in front..."

By the time they had reached the end of the path both girls had their hand jammed in their crotch trying their best to hold their pee. The path exited back into more forest area and while the karen and the other group followed on the path Luna and Chloe quickly bolted away looking for a place that's secluded enough to pee. By a small miracle she had been able to hold it for this long.

Luna had finally found her spot, she couldn't hold it for another second, she squatted and yanked her shorts and panties out of the way to release her torrent of pee. Ecstatic relieve washed over her as she finally relaxed her bladder muscles. She could hear her stream hit the ground hard and quickly made a puddle, she peed what felt for an eternity and when she was almost done she could suddenly feel some wetness on her butt.

Luna could feel how some of her pee was going in her shorts, not completely to her surprise as in her haste she hadn't been careful at all. Wetting her shorts a little wasn't a big problem to her anymore though so she didn't even stop her flow and just let the rest out knowing the back of her shorts were getting wet.

When she was done she checked the damage on her shorts and panties, she had leaked a bit in her panties but it didn't show on her shorts. She could feel a wet patch on the left ass cheek of her shorts though. People most likely won't know it's pee, it probably looked like she had sat on a wet bench or something.

Luna was a little bit surprised of her nonchalance towards wetness on her shorts, she hadn't even stopped her flow. Before the cruise happened she would've freaked out if her shorts got wet with pee.

She walked back to the path where they came from to meet up with Chloe.

"I leaked quite a bit, i really couldn't hold it anymore." Chloe said sheepishly.

Chloe showed off the state of her shorts, there was a wet patch on her crotch. She was wearing red shorts and her crotch had turned into a darker red. If anyone would look they would know. If she kept her legs closed it was less visible though. Chloe jumped while turning around and stuck her butt out towards Luna.

"How does the back look? Wet as well?" Chloe said in a upbeat voice.

"Yep, there's some wetness, not much though." Luna said casually,

Chloe wasn't upset either that she had wet her shorts, even if it was more than Luna. She looked hot in her pee stained shorts Luna thought.

"Oops, guess i really had an accident this time!" Chloe said,

It looked she was having a good time, Luna also showed her butt with wet patch to see what Chloe would say.

"Nice!"

They both started laughing at how neither seemed to care they had wet their pants.

Now that they had emptied their bladders they returned to the previous path to take some extra pictures and enjoy the scenery from up there which they hadn't really been able to as they had been so focused on their desperation.

They continued on their hike and they noticed they were starting to descend again, they were on their way down it seemed.

"Lets stop there for a pauze and a snack?" Chloe asked,

Luna agreed and they went off the path a little bit, there was a small open place between the trees with grass and a big tree that had fallen down on the ground at the side.

They took a seat on the tree trunk, with one leg thrown over it so they were sitting opposed to each other. They put their snacks they had brought in between them on the tree and started eating while chatting. Luna felt happy, she was here on a hike through the most beautiful nature she had ever seen together with her most favorite person.

Chloe suddenly started giggling, "Can i tell you a little secret?"

"Sure."

"It feels nice having wet my panties."

Luna almost spit out her food, since yesterday Chloe had become so much more open about stuff and it hadn't escaped Luna's attention.

"I totally get what you mean," Luna admitted, "You're making me jealous, i'm almost wishing i had leaked in my shorts like you did!"

"What's stopping you then? Just do it!"

"Hold up, are you telling me to pee my shorts on purpose?"

"Yes? I mean, it feels nice so why not?"

___

So... soooooo sorry for the cliffhanger, this will continue (ofcourse)

But i also wan't some opinions, are people interested in the character development of Peyton and some of the other classmates? (Liv for example)

I have an idea in a small separate chapter for them, it contains wetting and of erotic stuff.

Also on a side note, we're not super far away from the end by now! Maybe 4 to 5 chapters?

*072*2023-01-11 15:15

{{4 hours ago, JD0417 said:

Also it didn’t really mention if pyromania made it or not in chapter 14 so maybe in the future talk about wether they make it or not

}}

Peyton did make it, Luna confirmed it cuz she returned with her shorts still dry.

Also i'm assuming your autocorrect made Peyton into pyromania 😄

I also didn't know they sounded like celeb names 😛

*074*2023-01-11 15:52

{{33 minutes ago, Uniee said:

Love this.. brilliant descriptions but just wish everyone was adult .

}}

Everyone is adult, except for chapter 1 and Emma. She's the wholesome factor that pushes Luna at critical moments in the story 😎

*077*2023-01-11 17:05

{{20 minutes ago, JD0417 said:

Yeah WWE women Peyton Royce Australian and Liv Morgan American pornstar Luna Star singer Selena Gomez and Actress Chloe Grace Moretz

}}

Sadly i only know Selena Gomez and Chloe grace Moretz, great actress though.

{{4 minutes ago, Uniee said:

Ahhh might be the school references.. I associate school being under 18

}}

Understandable, they're all in their last year of high school, so still pretty young but all 18+. I had to find some way to make a group of friends/mates to go on that ship all together. Therefore the idea of making it a school trip was made.

