Returning the favour

Author: Flush

*000*2015-09-22 19:35

“On a fifth date, your date and her roommate wet their panties.”

This story is a follow-up to “Fifth date rule

”, but it’s not entirely crucial to read that one beforehand. Nevertheless, if you by any chance have the time to do so, I would most certainly recommend it.

Disclaimer: This story contains female desperation and wetting, and includes some soft male-female sexual scenes at the end. Special credits to Ranpalan from the “Editing team” to proofread my work.

- - RETURNING THE FAVOUR - -

“So... what are your plans for tonight?”

”Missing you, sweetheart”, Jess texted me back, “- oh and watching a movie, too. <3”

“All by yourself?”

“Yeah... Chloe is here too, but she is in her room, working on something.

“I wish I was there with you, but - you know. Maybe I can come to your place after me and David finished our assignment?”

“Maybe. I’ll try to keep myself warm for you...”

Oh sweet lord Jess - you’re such a tease!

“You got yourself a deal. I hope David gets here soon...”

I dumped my cellphone on the coffee table and stared at the clock, silently cursing. David - he was late - again. As if I wasn’t already bummed out enough about having to spend my three month anniversary with him instead of Jess - the one I should be spending my evening with. But I didn’t really have my choice; we had to submit our assignment on monday and it was... sunday evening. Stupid me and my personality to postpone everything ‘till the last minute!

I heard my phone vibrate on the wooden table surface and picked it up, anticipating one of Jess’ texts, but it was David’s instead:

“Hey man, I’m sorry - I’m sick and I can’t make it for tonight. I already called the professor and got us a one week extension - check mail.”

Without hesitating I opened up my mailbox and indeed; a mail from our professor - as it turned out, David was right. Change of plans in just a few seconds - instead of working the entire evening on a school assignment, I just got the whole night off! I grabbed my phone again, impatiently wanting to share the good news with Jess, but then I changed my mind - what if I would pay a surprise visit to her place? After all, she was at home, just watching a movie - I most certainly would not disturb her. Plus Chloe was in her room, so we would get our privacy. And Jess - she liked surprises. I took the bottle of champagne that I had bought for the occasion out of the fridge, grabbed a few snacks and went on my way.

I politely knocked on Jess’ door a few minutes later, smiling like an idiot; oh what the heck, I was in love. Several moments later, Jess opened the door by an inch, with the door chain clearly still latched. Obviously, she wasn’t expecting anyone at this hour, and I saw her very carefully peeking through the small door opening.

I showed her the champagne bottle, and introduced myself. “Hey, it’s me! Happy third month anniversary, sweet Jess!”

“Sweet... heart?” Jess was quite surprised indeed, but clearly not the ecstatic kind that I was secretly hoping for. I guess I was interrupting something after all, but what?

“Can I... come in?”

“Umm… sure, just give me a sec.”

Jess gently slammed the door shut and left me standing in the hallway with my bottle of champagne, my snacks and my great surprise idea, which turned out to be not-so-great. Crap. I cursed myself for not texting Jess beforehand - I should have texted her. Why hadn’t I texted her? I had always thought of myself as an hopeless romantic, madly in love with Jess… perhaps I was just hopeless.

I wondered what was going on behind the closed front door - I could hear Jess and her roommate Chloe arguing over something, and some dishes jingling together in the kitchen. Was I interfering into one of their secret roommate activities? Scratch that - did they have secret roommate activities? I mean - I didn’t mind that they were spending some quality time together - especially not when I imagined them having sexy pillow fights, topless in their tight underwear, their firm boobs bouncing up and down, Chloe accidentally falling on top of Jess and wrestling with her on the floor… um - where was I? Oh yeah, so I didn’t have a problem with their roommate evenings, but in the back of my mind I wondered why Jess had lied to me about tonight. I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt; after all, it was our third month anniversary and I didn’t want to start it with a fight over something insignificant.

Just a minute later, Jess opened the door with a smile, and my heart skipped a beat. My god, I already knew that my girlfriend was stunningly beautiful, but tonight, she was dressed in the sexiest way I could ever imagine. Standing in the doorway with her legs crossed, she was wearing a grey pyjama top that was two sizes too small for her, combined with a pair of matching shorts, hugging her buttocks ridiculously tight. A dark green bra was showing above the top, her curved breasts protruding from her sensual outfit.

Hesitantly as always, she leaned forward and let her lips touch mine, softly brushing them at first, then firmly embracing each other with furious passion. Her touch was trembling, but unyielding, like there was something holding her back, while being fully committed to the moment at the same time.

“Surprise...”

“Hey, that’s my line!” I tried to sound serious, Jess giggled.

“I’m so sorry that I kept you waiting - oh no - now I will have to make it up to you...”

“Mmm - what do you have in mind?”

“Well - we can always move on to the couch and…”

“And?”

“I will allow you to... give me back rubs, all night long - now come in, you silly!”

“Wait - there’s not a guy in here, is there?”

“Nah, it’s just that Chloe had joined me watching a movie, but I sent her to her room again, so that we can have some time alone… you’re not jealous, are you?”

I shook my head, smiling, and entered the living room with her. Once again, I showed her the champagne bottle, offering her to share a glass, which she enthusiastically accepted. While I was looking for two champagne flutes, I noticed two large empty soda bottles on the kitchen counter - odd - usually Jess was such a compulsive tidiness freak.

“So… do you want to watch a movie together, or…?”

“Sounds fine to me, what was the one that you were watching with Chloe?”

“Oh yeah, with Chloe - erm, just some chick flick - nothing that you would be interested in anyway.”

After gulping down our glasses of champagne, we both proceeded towards the comfortable cotton couch, and I picked a nice romantic movie from her film collection. Jess snuggled up to me, I pressed the “play” button on the remote, opening credits rolled over the screen, Jess fidgeted in her seat, and… wait - Jess fidgeted in her seat? Was I seeing things that weren’t there, or was there something going on with her? In my perception, something - I couldn’t tell what - about Jess was just off tonight, since the moment that she had opened the front door - or was is just my mind playing tricks on me?

In seconds, the little insecure person inside me started imagining the worst possible things that could happen. Was she planning to tell me something awful? That she had some kind of disease? Or maybe she was bored after three months and she wanted to break up with me? Or maybe she wanted to tell me that she was in fact a boy, and that she had a penis hidden inside her pants? Calm yourself - idiot - I had already seen her naked a dozen of times - no penis down there; I was clearly overthinking things.

Minutes passed, and despite that I was that one who had picked the movie, I wasn’t paying any attention to the romantic story evolving on the tv screen. I just couldn’t help it - both of my eyes were permanently glued to Jess’s figure - and in just fifteen minutes, there was a lot to see. At first, her movements were extremely subtle, and I could only notice them because I was extremely focused on her body.

Stage one. Her thighs were carefully pressed together, her fingers nervously tapping onto the couch surface, and occasionally she adjusted herself, shifting only her butt in the seat by a few millimeters.

Soon after that; stage two. Jess went sitting straight up, folded her right leg over her left one and bent a little forward with her upper body. Still, her positioning was sitting very static - no sudden movements - but my trained eye could definitely notice the discomfort inside her; her leg muscles were tensed up entirely, pressing her knees firmly against each other. Stage two point five; the same as stage two, with her right leg now bobbing up and down, like a nervous habit. Only - it wasn’t Jess’s habit - the reason was definitely something else.

After two point five, stage three; Jess was now squirming, unable to keep her motionlessness - instead of sitting straight up, her back was now pressed against the end of the couch. No longer it was only her leg that was bobbing up and down; her ass was now doing the exact same thing, and the brief grey shorts were riding even higher up her athletic legs. Every minute, she adjusted her position - I assumed that she realized that I was onto her movements by now - but still, she decided not to spill the beans. Stage three continued on for a while, the level of intensity varying, and I wanted to speak up, but kept my mouth shut nonetheless - after all, it was clear that she was hesitant to share her predicament with me.

But when stage four arrived, I couldn’t hold myself back any longer. Slowly but surely, her left hand was slipping away towards her crotch, and she pressed her fingers into the fabric of her shorts; she probably thought that I wasn’t looking - but I was, and I commented.

“Are you alright?”

“Mmmhm - yeah.”

Trying to brush me off with a simple nod, she shortly kissed me on the lips, and removed her hand from her lap. But no matter how enticing her touch was, it didn’t quench my thirst for the truth; I needed to know what was happening, I was watching her struggle for too long now.

I pressed the pause button on the remote, and turned myself around, facing her.

“Jess, do you need to pee?”

“No -”

Pause.

“- Well... yes, but...”

Pause.

“Promise you won’t freak out or anything?”

“I won’t.”

“Do you remember… remember the night we first kissed?”

Remember? There were hardly any nights where I did go to bed and didn’t fantasize about it - the visual of her embracing me while she was wetting through her panties, was imprinted on one of the most important places in my mind. I simply nodded as Jess chewed on her lip, clearly reluctant of opening herself up to me.

“Well… that night, Chloe… held her pee for me, as long as we didn’t kiss - and tonight… I’m kind of returning the favour…”

“Returning the favour?”

“Yeah… um today… Chloe had a job interview and the people from the office were going to her call back before nine; she didn’t want to miss the phone call by going to the bathroom, and um… I am… sympathizing…”

I couldn’t help to raise an eyebrow - was I getting this right? Not only was my precious sweet girlfriend Jess clearly in need of relief - even better - her curvaceous roommate Chloe was sharing the predicament privately in her room? A rush of arousal ran through my body, but I tried to conceal it from Jess - I couldn’t possibly tell my girlfriend that her suffering was enticing me - or worse - that the thought of her desperate roommate was provoking the semi hard-on in my boxers - could I? The realization that I would have to handle this situation very delicately crept up on me - whatever what I was about to say would not influence tonights events, but possibly also my relationship with Jess. I fruitlessly tried to come up with the right words, but Jess interrupted my ponderings.

“Sweetheart? You think I’m weird - don’t you?”

“No, absolutely not - it’s not that… it’s… I think it’s sweet.”

“Really? If you don’t like it, I will go to the bathroom right now - no problem - just tell me, please?”

“No I think… you should hold on - for Chloe. You can… hold on, right?”

“I most definitely can.”

Jess said the last bit with clear confidence, and cheerfully kissed me on the lips. Apparently relieved that she didn’t have to keep the truth from me any longer, she moved closer to me, squeezing her back against my torso. By nonchalantly resuming the movie, I tried to show her that I was actually fine with the situation.

The best part for me was that Jess wasn’t hiding her desperation any longer - I was now sitting at the front row, watching a truly unforgettable spectacle; my sexy girlfriend was squirming around, her left hand buried between her legs, holding an evening’s worth of piss inside her, if not more. I could only assume that Jess and her roommate had emptied the two soda bottles resting on the kitchen counter, and I wondered whether they had equally split the contents, or one of them had felt exceptionally daring tonight by outdrinking the other one. Even so, finishing less than a bottle alone was already impressive enough; it was safe to assume that at least one of them would be on the verge of bursting soon, if this wasn’t the case already.

Without intending to do so, I secretly started wondering how Chloe was doing in the other room, and I pondered whether it would be alright to invite her over to the living room. It was not that a sight of a wriggling Jess didn’t satisfy me, but two is always better than one, especially when the number girl two was Chloe. In the past few weeks I had rather grown fond of her presence around the apartment, not only because of her bizarre personality, but also because of the way she dressed in the house. Flimsy tops, silk nighties, really short bathrobes; anything that revealed her voluptuous figure. Yes, I was in a committed relationship but there was no harm in looking, right?

“Some more champagne?”

“Um - yeah?”

I blinked my eyes as she walked - no - waggled towards the kitchen, her thighs carefully pressed together. More champagne equaled even more fluids to surge into her bladder, but she had suggested it herself, hadn’t she?

“Do you need a hand?”

“No... I’m fine!”

Jess hardly looked fine - her seductive ass waving back and forth while she poured the sparkling wine, the bottle jostling against the glass as much as her knees were fiercely knocking together. Trembling, she brought the two drinks to me, grabbed her cellphone from the coffee table, and started tiptoeing back towards the kitchen, her left hand squeezing her private parts, her right hand texting - a few seconds later I heard the familiar “whoosh” sound that indicated that her message was sent. Without saying a thing, she placed her phone on the kitchen counter and walked back to me, maliciously smiling, and when she nestled herself onto the couch again, I heard Chloe in the other room loudly swearing. “Jess, oh come on!”

“Is... Chloe alright?”

“She’s a big girl, sweetheart, you don’t have to worry about her...”

“I suppose...” I decided not to press matters, but this whole situation was rather mysterious; I couldn’t help to wonder whether there was something else going on, besides the wait for Chloe’s job interview call. On the television screen in the background, the female protagonist nervously kissed her counterpart, the fiancee of her very best friend, but I could no longer care for the cliché story. The suspense in the very room that I was sitting in was building up, and I could only hope that I would be able to discover how this thriller would unfold in the end.

Looking over at Jess, it seemed that I wasn’t the only person in the apartment who wasn’t still engrossed in the movie. It was obvious that she just couldn’t, even if she had wanted to - her attention was elsewhere - she was biting her lip, maximizing her single-mindedness to the sole task of not flooding her panties. I wanted to tell her how sexy she looked, but I didn’t, afraid that I would jinx the glorious moment. Sitting back silently, I admired her alluring legs twitching around like her life depended on it, but not for long - all of a sudden, Chloe emerged from her bedroom, clearly in distress, a white envelope in her free hand.

Dozens of minuscule impulses were running through my body as I tried to process the small signals that Chloe was unconsciously transmitting. The four buttons of her tight jeans, opened. A large chestnut-coloured belt, dangling around her waist. Her right hand, slipped into her pants. Her eyes, pleadingly crossing with Jess. Her teeth, delicately chewing on her lower lip, just before she spoke up.

“I... I’m sorry Jess, I can’t... I can’t wait any longer, I’m just going to...”

“But - they haven’t called you yet - you promised!” Jess’ tone was calm, but firmer than usual.

“I know - I want to hold on, but I really can’t, I swear Jess. I can’t, I have to...” Chloe gasped for air as she squirmed around, making her first move towards the closed bathroom door, rumpling the white envelope with her grasping fingers.

“Don’t be silly, of course you can - give me the key, Chloe!”

Jess’ command couldn’t be more decisive - and in a mere second, when she realized that her roommate was planning on ignoring her, she jumped up, hobbling over to Chloe, who had almost reached the bathroom door and was prying the envelope seal.

“We made a deal, Chloe,” Jess simply exclaimed as she sped up towards her roommate, “I held on until we finally kissed - you must hold on until your interview call - now hand over the envelope, or I will take it from you!”

I had to blink my eyes twice, or I would never have believed what happened next. Jess, dancing on the spot to contain her full bladder, started tickling Chloe, who almost instantly doubled over from desperation, but somehow held on to the envelope, as her both hands darted towards her crotch. Tears were welling up in her eyes as she tried to push away Jess with her shoulder, but my girlfriend just giggled, and forced her fingers into Chloe’s armpit once again, clearly hitting a delicate spot; her roommate stepped back in defeat, and dropped the envelope onto the ground with a satisfactory ‘thump’.

Jess jammed her hands between her legs and shortly stared at me - just long enough for Chloe to recover and bend over to pick up the key again. But Jess, as it turned out, was undefeatable when it came to fast reflexes. Sweeping her bare foot over the laminate floor, she brushed the envelope away from Chloe’s fingers, and the piece of paper sailed over the floor and under the gap of the bathroom door. Both girls went silent, watching in amazement how the precious key that they both needed to relieve themselves, disappeared before their eyes.

“What - did you just do?” Jess started grinning clunkily, clearly finding some amusement in the unfortunate occurrence, but Chloe seemed to be really pissed.

“Oh my god, this can’t be happening, this can’t be happening - this is so unfair, Jess. You knew I drank most of that soda, you knew that I was on the verge of losing it as you texted me to drink even more. And now - I have to piss like a racehorse, the only bathroom just inches away from me, but I can’t get in, because the door is fastened, and the key is at the other side of the - locked - door. So, what’s next, tell me Jess, what - is - next, because I sure can’t hold it much longer. All I wanted was a quiet, very much needed pee - it’s that too much to ask?"

Jess, shifting from foot to foot herself, bit her lip in a cute way and looked somewhat puzzled at her roommate, seemingly surprised by her friend’s sudden outburst.

"Relax, Chloe - I’ll get you your key back,” she spoke softly as she went down on both knees, and pried her fingers through the gap under the bathroom door, “I'm sure that it’s right here…”

“... Uh-oh."

"Uh-oh?”

“Yeah, umm...”

“What Jess - what?”

“Yeah, you probably don’t want to hear this, but I think the envelope traveled a bit further than I expected... I can’t reach it.”

“WHAT?”

Fire bursted out of Chloe’s eyes as she paced around the living room, her both hands ever deeper in her lap, murmuring something along the lines of “I’m going to pee myself”. She seemed to be on her very last straw, frantically looking for a place to relieve herself in a slightly decent manner, but finding none. I was kind of hoping that she wouldn’t notice me, but - alas - suddenly she turned herself to me.

“You - make yourself useful!”

“Who, me? I would love to help, but what can I do?”

“I don’t know - you’re a guy, do something, like,... like…”

“Like what? I’m not a locksmith, and even if I was, you wouldn’t have the tools to...”

“Just... barge through the door!” Chloe was getting mighty impatient.

“He’s not going to barge through the door, Chloe!” Jess joined and made it into a three-way fight, but she was right - I wasn’t going to try and break a solid wooden door with my shoulder.

“Then what Jess - then what?” Chloe’s voice broke, and tears sprung up in her eyes as her mood suddenly shifted; her emotions were getting the upper hand of her, and she looked so fragile, shuffling around in her socks, her fingers furiously massaging her privates. I don’t know whether I felt sorry for her, or whether I just wanted to avoid a fight between my girlfriend and her best friend, but before I even realized it, I got up from the couch, and actually offered my help.

“Girls - I think I have an idea - Jess, do you have a wire coat hanger somewhere?”

Jess simply nodded before silently waddling to her room, while I laid down on the floor, peeking through the gap under the bathroom door. The opening was rather large and I could easily put my fingertips in there, but they envelope was located much further away, just as Jess had stated. Lying sideways, I could see the piece of paper, ironically resting next to the toilet bowl - with a disentangled wire coat hanger and a bit of help, I would surely be able to pull the key wrapping towards me. For a second, the room went silent, and I could only hear the sound of Chloe softly moaning, her feet rhythmically tapping on the living room floor.

Jess quickly returned, coat hanger in her hand, briefly kissing me on the cheek as she bent down to hand me the metal piece. I couldn’t help to notice how she thankfully smiled at me, as if she knew that everything was going to be alright, now that her prince charming was going to save her. My grip was a little shaky at first, knowing that there were two sexy girls in the apartment on the verge of bursting, the fate of their panties in my hands - but at least they couldn't see the solid erection bulging through my jeans, now that I was down on the floor, my front directed away from them.

I closed my eyes briefly, and took a deep breath. The metal wire shrieked as it drifted across the tiled bathroom floor, but getting the envelope turned out to be hardly easy. My perception of depth was abysmal, my binocular vision heavily limited by the small gap between the floor and the door. But then - click. Jess didn’t know, Chloe didn’t know, but I did. The hook of the coat hanger had fallen into place, just as I had imagined it, precisely clasping with the top fold of the envelope. The only thing that I needed to do next, was to simply pull the wire to me.

But doubt hit me. A part of wanted to be the nice guy - Jess’ hero. But was it truly my greatest desire? Didn’t I deserve a little fun myself? Was I was a pervert, for wanting them to soak their panties? Couldn’t I play the villain, for once? As it turned out - I couldn’t.

I decided to take last good look at both desperate girls, and then return them the key.

Jess.

Her legs were the first thing my eyes perceived as I turned my head. Twitchy, long, fragile legs, ending in a pair of tight grey shorts, squeezed against her crotch by the palm of her hand. A hint of her green panties showing, a bulging bladder above the delicate fabric. She stared at me with a kind of look that made my heart melt - she smiled, the teeth biting her lip giving away the grandiosity of the level of her desperation. I just wanted to get up and kiss her, but a hard, long high-pitched moan from the corner of the room reminded me that there was someone else in play;

Chloe.

Her eyes were closed, her mouth voluptuously wide, both lips quivering uncontrollably; my girlfriend’s roommate was in a trance on her own world, transfixed on the single task of keeping her pants dry, using every possible trick in the book to help her cause. Bent over, she knocked her knees together furiously, while her hands were pressed in her lap so deep that her jeans had lightly slid downwards, the waist situated around the area of her thighs.

Like I wasn’t enticed enough already, the image of her smooth side butt below the white ribbon of her thong was tempting my libido even further; it was almost unbearable to contain myself, but I had to - Jess was watching. I wanted to turn around, but at that moment, Chloe opened her eyes, and she looked right into mine, pleading, and the weight of the coat hanger suddenly seemed greater in my sweating hand, now that I truly realized that I was holding the outcome of this whole situation. My consciousness pointed out that I had decided to be the gentleman, and I smiled at Chloe, feeling thrilled that I was about to save the day. At that point, her pupils dilated.

“I’m sorry, Jess…”

Chloe closed her eyes again and sighed satisfactory; I could only assume what happened next, but she stopped moving around, and after a good second, the inside of her jeans was darkening. As she placed her feet further apart, knees still pressed together, she seemed to clamp her hand onto her crotch even harder, and I imagined her exhausted bladder relaxing, a waterfall shooting out of her tormented body, the stream exploding against the palm of her hand, trickling between her fingers and into her pants. Soon, there was a translucent puddle forming where she was standing, and I stared at the liquid pool, wondering how much Chloe had been holding - it seemed like quite the amount.

"Sweetheart..."

As if I was just waking up from a dream, there was a faint call coming from the room.

"Sweetheart, how is the search for the key coming along?”

Right - Jess - the key to the bathroom; the fog in my mind started to clear, and I turned myself to the door again. Peeking through the gap, I could clearly see the key drifting towards me as I pulled the coat hanger wire, and before I properly realized it, I was holding the piece of metal in my hand - mission accomplished. Chloe was gone, her jeans lying in a pond of urine; the only ones in the room were me, and my very desperate girlfriend. I unlocked the door and then, something unexpected happened; Jess grabbed my hand and pulled me into the bathroom with her.

“I want you to kiss me - now...”

I had no idea what was going on, but I wasn’t going to miss this opportunity - I gently pressed my girlfriends back against the door, and firmly planted my lips on hers. Frantically, she embraced me back, and I felt her tongue running over me, inviting me for a turbulent french kiss. I parted her lips, and she moaned quietly from the back of her throat as she sucked my tongue in, releasing our self-control completely, succumbing to our passionate act of affection. My left hand let go of her neck and my fingers ran over her back, sliding into her pyjama bottoms, caressing her clenched buttocks, and she shivered, arching back, pressing her both hands ever deeper between her legs. I stopped kissing her for a fraction of a second, to make sure she was alright; the movement of her hips was so utterly intense that I felt she was going to pee herself any second now.

But she wanted none of it; she violently pulled my hair, controlling me with her tongue completely, and I couldn’t get away. She wanted me to continue, and we kissed aggressively, forcing our lips onto each other, faster, harder. Moaning again, she crossed her legs, her thigh rubbing against the ever growing hard-on in my jeans, and she removed her hands from her intimates, unbuckling the belt of my pants. Feeling her hands caressing all over my groin pushed me over the edge, and I completely lost all decency - both of my hands drifted into her panties, and grabbed her butt firmly. Grinding against each other, we both felt that this was getting out of hand, but we couldn’t stop.

Breathing loudly, Jess gently pushed down my jeans to reveal my boxers, and as a natural response, I dropped her pyjama bottoms. She curled her buttocks against the door out of desperation, making it obvious to me that she wanted to squeeze her privates again, but instead, she raised her arms so that I could take of her top, and I did, throwing the piece of clothing onto the door handle. Our lips parted, and I started sucking on her neck, Jess holding the back of my head, her legs fidgeting ever harder.

I tried to unclasp her bra, but it took me a few seconds, and Jess released her hands, pressing them shortly between her legs again, it was definitely an urgency, and I was taking too long. Finally, her underwear came off, her gorgeous breasts up in the air, and I undid my shirt, admiring the scenery as I loosened the buttons. Jess was bouncing up and down, her fingers moving around in her panties, her full bladder showing above, and I took a step aside, so that she could go to the toilet, but she didn’t; she just kept squirming around, waiting until I would complete undressing myself.

We were both almost naked a few inches apart, only two pieces of sweaty underwear covering our privates, and we looked at each other. The sexual tension in the room was almost unbearable, but I didn’t want to be the one to make the first move. Jess had to pee, so badly - it would be wrong to induce her into pleasuring me further; I had to at least give her the chance the relieve herself, before she would soak the bathroom floor. She bit her lip, waiting for what would happen next. Her hard nipples were pointing up, and she looked me straight in the eye, full of desire. Disappointed that I didn’t make a move, she waved her butt back and forth, pushing her panties aside, exposing her thighs and the top of her slit.

That was just too much.

I moved towards her, fast, our mouths instantly entangled, my tongue aggressively working hers, and I buckled my fingers around the front of her green panties, feeling her engorged lips through the delicate fabric. Jess quivered, squirming around all she could while she bit her lip, and she grabbed my hand, pressing it deeper between her thighs, my fingertips straining her privates. Gasping for air, she tightened her grip even further, but then she shuddered violently, pushed me away and hastily crossed her legs, jamming both of her hands in her crotch.

Breathing in and out, she maintained her bent over position for a few seconds, standing still while I gazed at all her curves, then, a dark spot appeared on her green panties, and a trickle ran down in the lining, a few fluorescent drops escaping through the side, falling to the floor. Jess, who had regained control after her little accident, tried to cover it up by sweeping her bare foot over the bathroom tiles, but it was obvious to me: she had peed in her panties. She looked up, her eyes watered, and she threw herself at me again, smiling, but I took a step back.

“Jess...”

She squealed. “It’s only a spurt - I can...”

“Jess...”

“I can hold on, yes, I want to...”

“Jess, you’re literally bursting, why don’t you...”

“For you - I want to turn you on, as much as Chloe did.”

“What? No, Chloe did not turn me on, baby...”

“Sweetheart - I know. It’s ok, I don’t mind. Come on, enjoy it, I can’t hold it much longer...”

It was hard arguing with her - she was clearly on to me, there was no point in denying my arousal. She wanted me to take pleasure in her desperation, and I wanted it too - I only felt bad that she was gonna wet the floor for me, it didn’t seem very appropriate, so I took her by the hand, and guided her into the shower. Jess smiled, approving my idea, and I leaned forward to kiss her again, but she firmly pressed her free hand on my torso, pushing me against the opposite shower wall. I noticed the dirty look in her eyes; she wanted to give a show, one that would crush Chloe’s performance, one that only she would be able to give me, one that would be imprinted on my mind until the day I would die.

Leaning against the shower wall, she danced around sensually, her legs twitching as massive waves overtook her. Carefully, she removed her hands from between her legs, and she almost lost it; she doubled over, her fingers darting to her privates again, squeezing. It drove me crazy, seeing how close she was to total eruption, but somehow still held on. Breathing rapidly, she separated her hands from her loins, permanently this time, and slowly started pulling the sides of her panties down, giving me the final part of her striptease.

I stepped forward, and laid my hands on hers, pulling the fabric up again, whispering in her ear how I wanted her to keep them on. She pulled herself towards me, and we kissed again, her hips grinding against mine, her thighs twisting around my leg. Her mouth moved to my neck, and she whispered my name, pressing her breasts hard against my chest. A certain calmness fell over her, and she reached for the faucet, yanking it brutally before her entire strength disappeared from her body - I had to hold her firmly to stop her from falling over.

I looked up to see the first drops diving out of the shower head, and by the time they landed on my chest, I felt a warm sensation rushing against my upper leg. Jess was peeing, hard through her green panties, her lips pressed against my thigh, her bladder finally relaxing after that impressive hold. Soon, the cold tap water was mixing with her own waterfall, but she was emptying herself with such a tremendous force, that the water turned warm as soon as it had passed her groin. On our chests, however, it was still ice cold, and Jess’ nipples hardened, poking my skin while she held me firmly. Breathing out deeply, she couldn’t conceal her excitement, elated that she no longer had to keep that massive amount of urine inside her tormented body. Just as I thought that it would never happen, the stream died down, transforming into a small trickle; the flow was no longer warm, Jess’ bladder was finally empty.

Our arms let go of each other and we stared at one another, madly in love. Dripping wet, Jess got out of the shower and dried herself with a towel while I stayed in the cabin, slightly saddened that her show had ended, but also glad that she had had the chance to relieve herself at last. Walking over to me, she handed me the moist towel, and grabbed my hardened penis firmly, stroking it once before before removing her hand, biting her lip seductively.

“Wait in my room - I’m going to check up on Chloe, and I’ll meet you there.”

And so she went, barefeet and only with a pair of wet panties around her hips, leaving me alone in the bathroom. I dried myself, smiling like a madman, and dropped my boxers to the floor, kicking them in the corner with the rest of my clothes. Carefully, I opened the door and glanced into the living space; when I was sure no-one was there, I leaped towards Jess’ room, hopping onto the made bed, leaving the door open. Seconds later, I heard Jess coming out of Chloe’s space.

She walked into the room, butt-naked, the wet panties in her hand.

It was the best sex I’ve ever had.

THE END

*002*2015-09-27 21:21

Thanks! I'm glad that you liked it... I don't usually write sequels but this one I enjoyed writing. Now that I think about it, maybe I should have given credit to ola93 too - "Fifth date rule" was supposed to be a single story but after some comments about continuing it, I came up with the scenario for this one, so...

