The Dawnbringer's misadventures

Author: Linkx

*024*2015-02-05 07:09

And a story by Blooper about Clawdette with some sort of weirdo pokemon crossover and how she's so damn continent edited and refined by me. Oh dear I edited something with my tenuous grasp of english language grammar rules and blooper's horrible spelling hopefully it is readable lol... this takes place shortly after A Chance Meeting

Something to Treasure

(Wee, transitional phase for Clawdette time. Also, ambiguous double meaning title.)

(Clawdette)

I stormed into my quarters, sending a gauntlet flying across the room with a thud. My armor reverting to a dress, I pulled it off, revealing my dampened panties beneath. Pulling them off and tossing them in the laundry pile, I walked in to the bathroom, using the simple magical devices to fill the brass tub with warm water. Laying down in the bath, I managed to calm down a bit. Another accident. Dammit, what is wrong with me? In front of that infuriating girl, as well. Why did I bother recruiting her? Even after I stopped others from mocking her incontinence, she still mocks me. Even from within her own soiled clothing and the troops are no better! The respect that’s normally there is gone when I lose control, replaced by veiled hatred that an incontinent girl like me could be in charge.

I sat in frustration for a while longer, wishing there was someone to comfort me or who cared. But there was no one. My father had disappeared a while ago, saying he had something to do before he died. That was the worst day I’ve had in a long time. He wouldn’t tell me anything more, just geared up in armor I didn’t know he had, took a sword I had never seen, and vanished, saying I would see him in the afterlife. My mood has been awful since then, and accidents have started happening again. They’re still uncommon, but I thought I had grown out of it. I’m not fit to lead like this. Sephoira doesn’t help. I thought it would be nice to have someone sympathetic, someone who’s much worse than me or even most of the other women, but she just responds with anger and mocking. I continued my frustrated thoughts for a while, eventually rising form the tub and drying off, collapsing in my bed. My worries fell away for the moment as I entered blissful sleep.

The next morning I awoke later than usual. Grimacing at the water clock, I quickly used the bathroom before getting dressed and heading out to the command center for my network. A pile of papers was already waiting for me, and my assistant Mark was standing by my office.

“Ma’am.” he greeted me, saluting. “I have the urgent reports.” I nodded, and he continued. “Spirhold has reports of a troll eating farmers. They will need a group of warriors armed appropriately for assistance. And the church in Miraun has reported a mighty artifact was stolen. A belt of strength and courage. Why such a small town has such a thing, no one knows. But such an artifact should not be allowed in the hands of thieves. I have already had an object made identical to the belt, along with a faux magical aura. My advice would be to recover the belt, but give the church back this instead.” He handed me a package. “We need it more than they do.”

I frowned and considered. While that was hardly the honest thing to do, I suppose it’s probably the best. Plus, I could have an artifact. I nodded, taking the package. “I’ll do this alone. The less who know, the better.”

He nodded, and I entered my office. Seeing the massive pile of papers waiting for me, I sighed. “Mark, take care of this. I’m heading out now.”

He grinned at my escape and sat down at the desk. “Have fun.” He called as I walked away.

I made my way to the armory. After gathering a few appropriate items, I collected eleven fire weapons. Heading to the training grounds, I quickly located Sephoira, who had risen to a position of command thanks to her skill. “Sephoira, I need you to take ten soldiers and go troll hunting near Spirhold. A scout will meet you in the inn there wit details.” I handed over the stack of weapons. “You’ll need these. Pick who you want to go with you. And good luck.” With that, I turned and headed for the stables, not waiting for a response from that infuriating redhead.

A while later, I was riding on horseback down the worn path towards Miraun. A spell directed me towards the missing belts location, and I veered off the track, entering a forest that stretched from here to the far city of Archeth. So the thief had fled ot the woods, towards Sheaholm and not away. Interesting.

The going was slow through the woods, my horse having trouble making its way through the thick greenery. Eventually, I dismounted and dismissed my magical steed, continuing on foot. A short while later I could hear sounds ahead; a few men were speaking. The artifact was close, but not enough to be where the sound was coming from. Moving surprisingly quietly in my plate armor, I approached the voices. A few men were camped around a fire, a pot of stew over it and the men happily eating. They were branded as Forest Wolves, frequent enemies of my forces. Perhaps they stole the artifact to give their leader an advantage. I had previously found their headquarters and personally defeated the woman in charge, but she had managed to escape, though not without completely soiling herself. I had hoped that might shake their faith in her, but I had seen nothing to indicate that was the truth.

I tensed as one of them spoke. “I heard something.” Rising, he walked, to my surprise, not towards me. As he approached the camp edge, a sword appeared in his gut. He fell back, his cry of pain cut off by a shield smashing his skull. A man stepped forward, short and well-muscled. He wore odd clothing, looking much more well-made then anything I’d seen, though it was not silk. I wasn’t sure what it was, but that hardly mattered. On one arm he had a gold shield, an odd pattern engraved on it.

The other held a large, almost ghostly, blade with an eye near its hilt. He wore glasses as well, though they seemed extremely ornate for simple glasses. The others moved for their weapons, but the mysterious figure was already on them. He sliced one cleanly in half with his blade, reversing his grip and impaling another with a backhand stab. The third raised his blade, but a blast of shadow burst from the shield, engulfing the man and leaving behind no trace of his existence. Scanning the area, the man’s eyes settled on me.

I quickly rose, hands in the air. “I’m on your side, I believe.” I told him approaching. His sword and shield vanished, and he nodded. “I don’t suppose you know where the leader of these people is hiding?”

“I do, actually.” I replied. “I’m what passes for the law here. I came to deal with them.”

He nodded. “Well, if you don’t mind, I’ll accompany you. I’m sure I can make myself useful.”

I shrugged. “Let’s go.” As we followed the directions of my spell, I spoke. “So, who are you? And why are you hunting the Forest Wolves?”

“My name is Travis. I’m a…mercenary of sorts.” He said, though it was hesitant. Probably not the truth but I wasn’t going to pry further. “I’m searching for an artifact.” He replied. “I’m told they acquired it not too long ago. Its properties are…very important to someone, who thought it worth asking me to acquire it. It didn’t seem to difficult a task, so here I am.”

I grimaced. He would have to die, more than likely. The belt was mine. “Well, the help is certainly appreciated.” I responded. I could at least let him help. Maybe he’d tire himself out, make my job easier. It’s a shame I have to kill him, he isn’t too bad looking. I shook my head. Not the time to think that.

Soon enough, we neared he location of the belt. We approached an old ruin of some temple, its door rotted away. Inside, a woman I recognized as the Wolves leader, as well as ten armed men stood. I motioned for Travis to stop, but he had already done so. He touched one of the curious red and white capsules at his waist, and a purple…creature appeared. I don’t know how to describe it well. It was tall and humanoid, though too odd to be human. At any rate, it waved its hand, and the two men armed with crossbows turned to their fellows. Each fired once, slaying two of the Wolves with deadly bolts from point blank range.

The others quickly fell upon them, but then Travis moved. He leaped forward, sword and shield reforming, and tore in to the rear most man, cutting him apart with ease. The other seven turned, and he fought off the group, his sword and shield flashing to deflect blows. Occasionally, one seemed to slip past his guard only to harmlessly pass through him. The weird humanoid beside me held out its hands, and a sphere of energy shot forward, smashing in to a man and splattering him against a temple wall. Shaken out of my daze, I moved forward, approaching the leader.

She stood in the middle of a magic circle, chanting in some strange tongue and wearing the belt I sought. Anxious to disrupt whatever magic she was attempting, I stepped forward. The runes on the ground triggered, and a searing pain shot through my body. I fought back refusing to leak or even cry out from the pain. Quickly, it passed, and I stepped into the circle. The leader stopped her chant, drawing two scimitars and bringing them both down in a cross chop. My greatsword swung up to meet them, its greater weight and power forcing her back. I brought the greatsword in overhand raining blows on her. She desperately parried, but her swords were no match for the greatswords power. Strange, in the last fight she had fallen by now exhausted and soiled. She was still putting up a fight however, perhaps because of the belt. No matter.

A quick spell sent lighting coursing through her body, and her guard faltered. My sword cut deep into her shoulder, crippling one of her arms and sending her to her knees, Standing over her, I was disappointed to see her still clean. I raised my sword above her, and was satisfied as a puddle formed beneath her and her leather pants expanded in the back sagging with feces just before my sword plunged in to her chest. Blood joined the urine beneath her, and she collapsed in a puddle of her own bodily fluids, no longer breathing.

“Good job.” I heard from behind me. Travis approached, dismissing his minion with a touch to its capsule. I was curious about those, but I figured we could find out more about them once I took them from his corpse. He gingerly reached out for the woman, trying to stay out of the blood. I hesitated, not really wanting to kill him. Steeling myself, I raised my sword and brought it down towards him once I was certain his shadowy shield and sword had been dismissed.

Just before the blade hit, he seemed to disappear, and my blade slammed into the stone floor, cracking the solid surface. He reappeared, the shield floating over where I had struck. It vanished once again, and he touched a capsule at his side as he dodged back. “No messing around with you.” He muttered. A large creature appeared, seemingly a stone dinosaur. I swung at it, but one of the lenses of his glasses glowed, and a glowing shield formed around the creature. It was obscured for a moment with brightness, my sword turned aside by the barrier. Then the shield shattered, and the most horrifying creature I had ever seen stood before me. It was a massive thing, at least twelve feet tall, and almost entirely spiked. Its evil red eyes and massive teeth stared down at me, joined by a maw with similar evil eyes in its chest. Its two arms each ended in massive claws, each as big as a short sword.

I felt my underwear dampened, and cursed my weakness. Its clawed hand reached for me, and I whispered, “Block.” Its hand was turned aside, and it paused in confusion. I took the opportunity to slam my sword into it again and again, but the weapon bounced off harmlessly each time. Finally, its other arm slammed my greatsword aside, sending it flying across the room. My hands sparked with lighting, and I poured everything I had into the creature. Lighting played across its body, but it didn’t even seem to notice.

Its arm grabbed me in those massive claws, and my bladder convulsed in fear. There was nothing I could do to it. My panties flooded with urine, liquid splattering the inside of my armor and pooling in the extended leg portion. It other hand reached for my head, and I closed my eyes. My bowels convulsed, and my panties filled with a foul mess, some of it escaping and staining my thighs and the inside of my armor. When I didn’t die, I hesitantly opened my eyes to see it had simply lifted my visor, and turned me to face Travis.

“What the hell was that about?” he asked.

“I…I needed the belt. And I didn’t think you’d give it up without a fight.”

He sighed and touched the capsule, dismissing the creature holding me. He caught me as I fell, and I could feel tears forming as I waited for the insults at the sloshing noise that came from my armor.

He frowned. “What’s wrong?” he asked.

I almost didn’t answer, but I was too frustrated to think clearly. “I soiled myself!” I cried in frustration. “I can’t even stay in control for a fight! The instant I’m losing, I turn in to a child!”

He wiped my tears, holding me as sobs overtook me. “It’s alright…” he said quietly. “You aren’t a child. That was no mere sword, nor even a monster or dragon. There’s nothing to be ashamed of. Gods have soiled themselves before that thing.”

I was stunned. For once, someone was comforting me, instead of mocking. Though he might be overdoing it. Even my assistant made jabs at me occasionally, even if I knew he meant nothing by them. I detected no lie in his voice either. Not even the last part. My sobbing slowly came to an end, and I composed myself.

Seeing I had recovered, he gently released me. Walking over to the leader’s corpse, he carefully removed the belt. Drawing a small device, he scanned the belt, then pocketed the device. Walking over, he handed me the belt. “Here, have this. It will make sure even something like that doesn’t frighten you. With this, you will be what you are striving for so hard.”

I took the belt, staring in amazement at the gemstone studded artifact. Embossed in gold upon the belt were the words, “Strength through life, courage unending.” I transformed my armor to a dress, ignoring its soiled state. Pulling the dress over my head, I Strapped on the belt. I felt strength flood through me, and I knew he was right. With this, I could be what I wanted. No longer forced to soil myself at danger, however rare it was. No longer forced to tolerate Sephoira's taunts among others. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him passionately.

He eagerly responded, and eventually I pulled away. Slowly, my brain comprehended what was happening, and I blushed deep red. I was standing in front of a man, who I just kissed, and I had pulled off everything but my bra and badly soiled panties, and this belt. I barely knew him! But he was the only one who ever comforted me. And he was clearly interested, although he tried not to act like it. His pants could hardly hide it.

I made my decision, which looking back now was almost certainly too hasty. I kissed him again before her could protest, and pulled him down to the ground. I hadn’t done this before, but figured this was as good a time to start as any.

I was clumsy and inexperienced as I nearly tore his pants off followed by his underclothes. What I lacked for in experience I made up for with raw unbridled passion directed towards the who showed me compassion and understanding where others met me with scorn and disgust. I acted confident, pretended I knew what I was doing and mimicked what I had heard the bar flies speaking of what the liked to do men. I didn't even bother to remove my messy panties and I don't think he particularly minded as I took him in my mouth clumsily bobbing up and down. Eventually he sat up and layed my body down removing my utterly ruined underwear and we made love all the while I wore my new prized posession.

The next morning, I woke up, lying tight against Travis’s body. Neither of us were clothed save for my belt, not that we cared. I slowly wriggled out of his grasp, cleaning myself with a quick spell. Seeing the state of my fouled armor and clothes, I quickly took care of those as well, and dressed myself again, making sure to don the belt underneath my dress.

When I turned, I saw Travis staring at me, a slight smile on his face. He rose, collecting his clothes and dressing.

We made our way back to Sheaholm, both mounted on my magical horse. When we arrived, we were greeted not without surprise by the guards. Murmurs spread in hushed whispers from passerby’s as I rode through town with a man on the horse with me. Soon enough we arrived at the command center. My assistant looked up with interest as we entered.

“Was the mission a success? he asked. “Or did you just pick up a date instead?

Travis, who had been silent a long time, unsure of his surroundings, finally spoke. “Both, I think.”

I giggled. “Yes, both.”

Mark stared at me in wonder. Both giggling and being with a man were things he had never seen me do or expected. “Well…can I see it?” he asked, curious as to why I was still carrying the package.

“Sorry, I’m wearing it.” I replied. He nodded, adding with a smirk. “I see, only for his eyes. Gotcha. Did you deliver the fake?”

I shook my head, ignoring his comment. “No, I..had other things to deal with. I’m sure an agent can deal with it easily.”

He nodded again, rising and taking the package. “Well, it’s getting late. I’ll be leaving, if you don’t mind. I need to find someone for tonight as well.” He said with a wink.

That hadn’t even occurred to me. There was a ball tonight, at the capital. A wizard was planning on bringing all those interested to the capital in a few hours. I hadn’t planned on going, but now… I turned to Travis, and he shrugged. “I have nothing to wear.”

I smiled speaking with girlish excitement “That can be dealt with. We should go get prepared as well.” I said before dragged him off to my home.
