The Iron Queen - Page 6

Author: Pain

*104*2019-06-08 11:09

Thank you so much all for the lovely comments!! I am really grateful that you all took out the time to read!! Thank you so much! And also if there are any suggestions or criticisms that you'd like to share then I'll be really happy to know about them! Thank you once again for the comments guys! It really means a lot

*106*2019-06-09 12:45

{{22 hours ago, Sake said:

Mostly I would just suggest that you get yourself a proofreader. I hear someone around here will proofread for free.

It's written extremely well but having someone else look it over before you publish a chapter is always useful to see if there's anything you didn't catch yourself.

}}

Sure! Thank you so much for the suggestion!

P. S. - Sorry if I sound dumb but could you please tell me who you are pointing to in this statement, "I hear someone around here will proofread for free." Would that be you?

*108*2019-06-10 13:11

{{22 hours ago, Sake said:

Yes. If you'd like you can just shoot whatever you'd want me to look at over in my general direction and I'll do what I can to it.

}}

Sure! Thank you so much! I definitely will

*110*2019-06-11 13:52

{{21 hours ago, gfaroank said:

It's one of the most perfect stories I've ever seen, and I'm looking forward to the next chapter.

}}

Thanks a ton! That really means a lot to me! I will definitely start working on the next chapter as soon as I can.

P.S.- I really am looking for some ideas for the coming chapters so would be glad to know if anyone has anything to suggest. Please feel free to message me or put it in the comments in case anyone has anything to contribute.

*121*2019-06-26 16:49

{{On 6/11/2019 at 8:33 PM, jimpix123 said:

Man honestly I think you need to conclude the Queen's desperation. Let her piss in the privy. Be detailed.

}}

I know it has been a long while since the story started and the readers have been waiting for the climax. I promise to wrap it up as soon as I can.

{{On 6/11/2019 at 9:47 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Like I already said, I'd enjoy it if Katherine will loose control. I like strong woman who just reach the point where they can't keep it in any longer.

And since I got the feeling Katherine hasn't relieved herself to 100% it seems plausible: Her sphincter has to be weakened - and a full bladder refills quite fast after a long hold.

The king is into wetting and I see so much potential here. Her humiliation of wetting herself must be horrible, especiall in front of the king. And if he responds kindly, who know where this could lead to? Maybe you want to make another story about those two in the future. You have possibilities to go anyway you may want to. Maybe stuff you don't think of at the moment.

Charlotte should definitly pee now. She has been described as totally full and she had several situations where she admitted that she can't hold it any longer.

She found the strength to hold it longer (or was forced to find this strength, because circumstances just prohibited her to urinate) - that was awesome. But if this continues any longer it makes her desperation ad absurdum. How desperate can you truely be, if you can hold it longer, longer, longer, another day and another and another?

IMO she must have reached the point in which holding is just not possible anymore. She has to pee, no matter if in privacy in the privy, behind a bush or even in her clothes.

}}

I really like the Katherine idea and I will try to incorporate it in the story if possible. I know you have been telling me that I need to end Charlotte's hold now and I totally agree to it, but as I said before, there are certain plot points that are still pending to be established that I have already finished writing for the story and changing it entirely will take a shit load of time. I promise to wrap it up as soon as I can though, I know it is taxing for the readers as well but I promise it will be worth it.

{{On 6/12/2019 at 2:30 AM, NotDusty said:

In agreement with a couple of others, I think Katherine should lose control on the way back to the city.

I think after the nine day ordeal that Queen Charlotte has been through, she should be allowed to use the loo in peace (though not without a little further suffering ).

}}

Thanks a ton for the comment! I am glad you took out the time to read! I will surely try to add the Katherine plot in the story if possible. Hope you will like that too.

{{On 6/12/2019 at 4:44 AM, warham1995 said:

I think that as charlotte pee dances in front of the privy,one of the maids would try and take her to a secret place where she would be able to pee without farlen finding out.

}}

That sounds interesting

{{On 6/13/2019 at 1:29 AM, Hankjones1738 said:

I like the idea of one of them wetting the bed and trying poorly to hid their wet sheets/undercloth but getting caught in the act by Farlen and failing to convince him that its not what I looks like.

}}

Yeah, I've always liked bed wettings. I'll surely try to put it in the story. Thank you so much for the comment!

{{On 6/13/2019 at 11:35 PM, Bombality said:

My idea of King Iwan before this chapter

My idea of King Iwan after this chapter

I loved this chapter, I had to return multiple times because I was getting too "excited" from it multiple times.

I don't have any ideas though, but what I liked the most of this chapter (along with a badass king) is finding that there are other girls in the kingdoms that can hold until looking pregnant, I wonder if there is someone somewhere that has an even bigger bladder than Queen Charlotte herself.

}}

Thank you so much for the positive comment Bombality! I am glad you like. And no one has a bigger bladder than the Queen, at least not right now!

{{On 6/15/2019 at 5:12 AM, frogger4y said:

I don't think Queen Charlotte should be allowed to pee yet, s'urly she can hold it some more days?

}}

Hahah! I'll keep that a secret!

{{On 6/16/2019 at 11:42 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

I was waiting around 2 months for this chapter and finally it's here. Chapter is so marvellous and it's worth waiting so much for it.

But I prefer if Catherine and other girls were in custody for few more days and hence they had to hold for all these days, just for the sake of their pride of being royal ledies. And also the king could have been much strict and not have allowed the girls to pee outside, so that they will have to hold until they reach back to the Palace.

Catherine seems to be growing upto be a real bladder queen and Charlotte could be really proud of her future daughter in law.

I'm impatiently waiting for the next chapter.

}}

Thank you so much, my dear! I promise to post the next chapter as soon as possible!

{{20 hours ago, Bombality said:

I am starting a drawing of Queen Charlotte soon, however I am struggling with ideas as my original plan was to draw the point right before she wet herself or made it to the privy as to draw her in her most desperate possible but she is still holding.

What would help me is things like what would you want to see, how big I should make the bladder, what scene of the ones described. If you want you can even check how I drew her in my style (page 4 of this thread) and if I should change something to it.

(I have permission from Pain to post this here so it's not spam)

}}

I would love to see a picture of Farlen telling the Queen who is standing defiantly (with a very swollen bladder) that she is not allowed to use the privy yet! That would be really great to watch!

