A Not so Unwelcome Guest: The Millionaire Puddle Maker

Author: babyboy6

*000*2014-01-04 07:01

Family visits never were Mason's favorite occurrence, but this one was one that he had a special apprehension for. Mason once had an elder cousin whom had recently passed away and left Mason a large some of money. With this money also came a responsibility that Mason didn't initially anticipate; the yearly visit of his cousin's widow, Lexi whom Mason had actually only met once. She said she wanted to get a break from the home that reminded her of her husband, but Mason thought she wanted to hit up the local shopping mall that recently had a ton of new stores added, either way it was a small price to pay for the new life in which he had become accustom.

To Mason Lexi always appeared to be more arm candy than real wife, as she was 14 years younger than her late husband and one of the cutest brunets Mason had ever seen.

7 pm came around and Lexi, although late, finally made it to Mason's house. "Ohh my God, I feel like such a moron. I took the wrong exit and then couldn't understand why i couldn't find your street" Lexi said. " I did manage to find a liquor store though. I hope you like wine, because I bought a lot of it" Lexi continued as she held up a large bag with multiple bottles of wine clinking together. "Ahh, yeah I like wine okay I guess" Mason responded.

Lexi made her way to the kitchen where she began rummaging through Mason's drawers trying to find a corkscrew. "Found it!" she exclaimed after a few moments grabbing into the bag of wine. "Do you want the merlot or the pinot noir?" Lexi asked. "I don't really know much about wine" Mason said after a quick moment. "The noir than!" Lexi exclaimed. Lexi again began to rummage through the cabinets. "The wine glasses are over there" Mason said directing a finger to the cabinet behind Lexi. "Thank you!" Lexi exclaimed.

Lexi poured the two a glass each, filling each one to the brim and finishing what was left of the bottle on her own by putting it to her lips and downing the remainder. "Delicious!" Lexi said handing a glass to Mason. "I don't really drink that much" Mason tried to protest. "It's just a little glass of wine. Can Mason not handwe a wittle gwass of wine?" Lexi said playfully. At that moment Mason perked up a little and said, "I guess one glass couldn't hurt."

The two sipped their wine until their glasses were able to be safely walked down the hall to the living room without being spilled. In the living room the two sat and made small talk, with much of the conversation being dominated by Lexi, as Mason was beginning to find was the norm. After the two polished off their second bottle of wine Lexi was noticeably becoming inebriated, as was Mason, but at a slower rate.

"Mason will you do me a favor" Lexi asked after some time. "Depends on what the favor is I guess" Mason replied. "Can I stay in the room with the connecting bathroom?" Lexi asked. "But that's my room" Mason replied. "But please, wine makes me, well I like having the bathroom close" Lexi said, perhaps being tentative for the first time all night. "Are you a bed-wetter?" Mason asked with a little laugh and a grin. "NO! but the next nearest bedroom is really far away and I don't want to have to walk that far..." Lexi said, trying to rationalize despite Mason only giving her a small tease. "Do I need to get out the plastic sheets and the diapers for you too?" Mason said further teasing Lexi. "You have plastic sheets and diapers?" Lexi said, turning things on Mason. "Tons" Mason continued.

Lexi thought Mason was kidding, but being drunk she got up and starting for Mason's room. "Where are you going?" Mason asked. "I just figured I'd throw on one of those diapers and change the sheets ahead of time, so I can fall asleep in peace" Lexi said, sticking her tongue out at Mason. With that Mason began to grow a little worried. In actuality he did have tons of diapers and a few sets of plastic sheets, for special guests, but plastic sheets none-the-less.

Lexi began rifling through Mason's dark closet not finding anything, despite digging her way all the way to the back. "Hmm no diapers in here" Lexi said. "I was just kidding Lexi there aren't any diapers" Mason said, trying to deter her. "I don't believe you" Lexi said then shifting her attention to one of Mason's two dressers in his room. "Nothing but boring old cloths in here" Lexi continued. Lexi then looked under Mason's bed "Hmm nothing here, maybe there really aren't any diapers. So disappointing" Lexi said with an overexerted frowny face. "Unless...they're over here" Lexi said turning her attention to Mason's other dresser.

Lexi almost opened the top drawer before Mason stopped her by pushing the barely cracker drawer closed. "I don't think so" Mason said. "What do you have to hide?" Lexi said playfully, again trying to open the drawer. Mason again stopped Lexi, this time standing directly in the front of the dresser. "Come on, there aren't real diapers in there. Let me see" Lexi insisted. "No, there's nothing in here, and if you'd like I will show you to your room, it's not that far down the hall." There was no way Lexi was giving up that easily, and in her inebriated state she was willing to try anything. "I'll make you a deal. If there are diapers in there I'll wear them for the rest of the night, and if not you have to let me look. Ohh and I promise I won't make fun of you for what's in there. Just let me see!"

Mason thought about the possible consequences, and after a few vital moments of decision making, partially helped along by the wine, Mason made up his mind. "So if there are diapers in this drawer than you'll wear them the rest of the night?" Mason asked to make everything clear. "Yes, I promise. NOW LET ME SEE!" Lexi exclaimed as she moved Mason from the drawer to find an entire dresser filled with diapers of different sizes and brands. "Ohh my God! You really have diapers in here!!!" Lexi said not believing it. "Yup, and you owe me a promise" Mason said with a tentative grin.

The two had a moment of silence before Mason broke it "...Well" he said. "Can I at least use the bathroom, I really have to pee?" Lexi said almost defeated. "Hmm that wasn't part of the deal" Mason replied, pulling out a big fluffy diaper that would perfectly fit Lexi. "I can't believe I agreed to this!" Lexi said almost squeaking. "Do you want to put it on or should I..." Mason stopped looking down at Lexi. Lexi gasped and grinned "well, I guess you could do it" Lexi said pulling her pants down and laying on the bed.

Mason quickly strapped Lexi's diaper on, and before he had a moment to pull her pants back up he noticed a look on Lexi's face. She seemed almost embarrassed but was smiling all the while. Mason looked back down and noticed Lexi's diaper was becoming completely soaked. "See what wine does to me?" Lexi said with a giggle. "I hate to tell you, but you don't get another change for at least an hour" Mason said pulling Lexi's pants off and then lying next to her in bed. "What a shame, I'm not even finished" Lexi replied, crawling on top of Mason, "but I will be" she said as she wet her already soaking wet diaper, making it leak all over Mason before giving him a reason to take her diaper off prematurely...

