The Roadtrip

Author: livingbylies

*000*2012-08-29 15:53

Sarah took one last swig of her soda, tossed it in the trash can by the door, and loaded her suitcase in the back of the car. They were going on yet another roadtrip, which was bad news for her. Nearly every time, no matter how hard she tried to hold it, they would invariably never find a gas station it time, and she would either nearly, or actually have an accident. This one was especially bad, because now she was being threatened with having to wear diapers on their trips if it happened again. Needless to say, she did NOT want that.

"Did you go too the potty, honey?" He mom asked, followed by a sneer from her older sister.

"Did you go to the potty, honey," her older sister - Cassandra - mocked, earning her a glare from mom. "What? Just asking. It's not my fault if potty pants can't make it to the bathroom on every single road trip."

"Y-yes, I went," Sarah stuttered out with a blush.

"Then let's go," Mom said, then, "Wait, where's Josh?"

"Here," Said a short eleven year old, thumbs working furiously on his DS, playing his new pokemon game. "We driving?" He asked, sitting down in the back of the car, not even looking up.

"Yes," Their mom said, getting in the drivers seat. Due to being over-protective, she wouldn't let any of her children in the front even though dad wasn't coming along, meaning that eleven year old Josh, 14 year old Sarah and 16 year old Cassandra all got wedged in the backseat, with Sarah smack dab in the middle. The engine roared to life, and they were off.

Unfortunately for Sarah, nature took a predictable course an hour later, when two things happened: They got stuck in traffic, and her bladder suddenly got a sharp, acute pain letting her know she needed to pee, and soon. She shuffled a bit, which Cassy immediately noticed.

"Mom, Sarah needs to pee!" She said, smirking, loving any chance to embarrass her younger sister.

"Is that true, sweetie?" Mom asked, and Sarah blushed but gave a nod. There was a short moment of silence where the only sounds were occasional horn honks and the clicking of Josh playing his game, and then mom turned back to the road. "There's a gas station three miles ahead. We'll go there," She said.

"Thank you," Sarah said, gratefully, relieved. Unfortunately for her, however, traffic ended up drawing out those three miles for almost twenty minutes. By then, she was desperate, holding herself and shaking, to Cassy's amusement. It was so funny, in fact, Cassy decided to take a few photos on her phone for safe keeping.

"Hey!" Sarah protested.

"Just documenting the road trip," Cassandra replied with a smirk, putting her phone back in her pocket as they pulled into the gas station. Sarah tried to bolt out, but of course being in the middle she had to wait, painstakingly, for Cassy to unbuckle and slowly get out, giggling all the while.

Sarah made it too the door of the gas station, when somebody opened it without looking and smashed it into her, giving her a bleeding nose and making her lose concentration. Her bladder gave way, and her pants were quickly soaked. The jeans turned to a dark almost black color as a pool of urine collected at her feet.

"Mom, can I have ten bucks for snacks and a soda?" Josh asked, completely oblivious, hammering away at his game while Cassy laughed up a storm.

"Sure, honey," Mom said, handing him the cash which he gladly took, hurrying into the gas station without even looking at Sarah. Mom, of course, was furious. "That's it!" She said, stopping the pump and walking over too her almost crying daughter. "I've had enough of this! Go too the car, and sit your butt down missy," She said, sternly, glaring at her daughter. Sarah shuddered, shivered, and nodded, walking to the car and sitting down, getting her seat wet. Mom walked in, passing Josh, to grab a pack of diapers from the back in her daughters size. She payed for them, walked out, and turned to Sarah.

"Since you clearly can't handle going to the bathroom like a big girl on these trips, from now on, any time you get in the car you will be wearing these," She said, holding up the goodnites. Sarah paled.

"Mom- please - no!" She protested, but mom would have none of it.

Meanwhile, inside, Josh walked up to the counter and set his items down. "Will that be all?" The attendant asked. Josh paused, looked up a minute, and almost nodded before a small shelf of pills caught his eye a few feet away.

"Actually, this too," He said, tossing one packet on the counter.

"Very well sir," the cashier said, checking him out, Josh laying the ten bucks down. Then, reaching in his pocket, he tossed the water pills he had been using for quite some time now in the trash. It always worked fairly well, got him the cash, but he was going for a new game now and maybe even a skateboard. So, he took his coke, he took his chips, and then grabbed the laxatives off the table.

Now if only Sarah wants to share the chips, he thought, walking out, starting a new game.

*003*2012-08-30 06:20

There might not be a part 2, I already have 1 or 2 shorts on hold, but if I get the time there will be.

