Meta Knight’s Heavy Duty

Author: irvinegamer

*000*2015-01-07 13:28

Meta Knight stands in King Dedede’s thrown inside the castle, wondering what King Dedede summoned him for.

Earlier Meta Knight had been woken up by Dedede’s call and summoned him to the throne as soon as he could.

All Meta Knight did was drinking lots of water to get some energy and prepare him for whatever King Dedede wants.

The two rarely interact with each other, but it looks like the king really needed his attention this time.

“You have summoned me?” Asked Meta Knight

“Yes, glad you came. I got an objective for you, and it has to be done as soon as possible.” Said Dedede

“What is it?” Asked Meta Knight

“Bring me Kirby, I needed him here in this room.” Said Dedede

“And what would you do to him once he’s here?” Asked Meta Knight.

“That’s none of your concern, this is just between me and Kirby.” Said Dedede.

Meta Knight thought it would be best not to question the king any further.

“To capture Kirby would not be so easy, he is rather skilled.” Said Meta Knight.

“Which is why I summoned you, since you appeared to be more skilled than any of my Waddle Dees” Said Dedede.

Then the king remembered something.

“Oh, I almost forgot. Before you leave, I have something to go with you.” Said Dedede.

King Dedede got out of the chair and went to the back of the chair and grab what looked like a camera.

Meta Knight got confused and wondered, why would he need a camera.

But then suddenly, the camera grew mechanical wings and it began to fly on it’s own once it’s powered on. The flying camera turned to face Meta Knight.

Then Meta Knight noticed a projector screen that shows himself where he’s at right now. It’s a recording-live flying camera.

“To make sure you do exactly what I say, I will have this camera follow you everywhere you go. And I will be watching you.” Said King Dedede.

Meta Knight does not like this idea, to be watched all the time. He usually like to have solitude on his private time.

Then King Dedede added “But don’t worry, the camera will go away once you complete your objective. And then you’ll have the rest of the day off. Now go find Kirby and bring him to me!”

“As you wish” Said Meta Knight, though reluctant at first.

So Meta Knight departed from the king’s throne room and went off to leave the castle. The flying camera follows him out.

As he went outside of the castle, he started to feel his bladder swelling up.

Meta Knight would usually go pee the minute he felt it. But with the flying camera watching him, he felt embarrassed and decided to hold it in until the objective is done.

Meta Knight doesn’t like going through with this, but he also thought that this would be simple.

He knows where Kirby lives. Just walk across Dream Land, try to convince Kirby to come, and bring him to Dedede. Then he shall be free to use the bathroom.

(15 Minutes later)

As Meta Knight got closer and closer to Kirby’s home, he bladder started to annoy him a little more. But still confident that he can finish this without having to pee.

Why did he drank so much water earlier, he shouldn’t have done that.

Finally when he reached Kirby’s place, he spotted Kirby, sleeping on the tree branch.

‘Good, maybe he can capture Kirby without waking him up and just carry him to Dedede’s castle.’ Thought Meta Knight.

So Meta Knight opened his wings from his cape, and flew towards the tree branch where Kirby sleeps.

But as he got closer to Kirby to capture him, Kirby suddenly woke up and got scared that he slipped off the tree and fell to the ground.

This startled Meta Knight too, as he too fell off the tree. Luckily he still had his wings out and he hovered to his feet on the ground just in time.

But it also applied more pressure to his bladder, that it caused Meta Knight to grab his crotch with one hand. He could have sworn he felt a drop in his armor, but decided to ignore it and focus on Kirby.

Meta Knight looked from the flying camera, then to Kirby. Since Kirby is awake now, he takes precaution of Meta Knight and the flying camera.

“Kirby, I have come to bring you to King Dedede. He requests your presence.” Said Meta Knight.

Kirby looked confused, and thought this must be some kind of evil plan. So Kirby just turned around and walked away.

But Meta Knight sprinted towards Kirby and stopped him.

“The King does not like to be refused, you have to do what I say.” Said Meta Knight.

Kirby then thought it over, King Dedede is usually up to no good. But sometimes he can be fun to play with, minus will give him a chance and see what kind of trouble the king has this time.

“Poyo!” Said Kirby, implying that he’s saying that it’s ok.

“I’ll take that as a yes.” Said Meta Knight.

So the two decided to walk towards the King’s Castle.

Meta Knight begins to also feel concern for the innocent little Kirby. He’s hoping that whatever Dedede wants with him it involves no harm.

(10 minutes later)

Kirby has been getting sidetracked again and again by food, by butterflies, by anything that looks fun. Much to Meta Knight’s annoyance.

But what’s bothering him more is his bladder, it’s already full and he needed to pee really bad. He held his crotch as he tries to get Kirby’s attention.

“Kirby! We must hurry, the king does not like to be kept waiting.” Yelled Meta Knight.

Kirby keeps forgetting that King Dedede wanted him in the castle, so he follows Meta Knight again.

Maybe Meta Kngiht should have just knocked him out with his Galaxia, and just bring him over.

He can’t just go anywhere to pee, there’s the flying camera following him everywhere. It would be humiliating to be seen urinating on camera, and everyone would be watching.

Boy he wishes so bad he could just destroy that camera, but even if he can, his bladder would give away if he even tries.

(7 Minutes later)

They both finally made it to the castle and went inside.

Meta Knight is relieved to be this close to completing his objective, but is suffering the pain in his bladder.

He began to feel the drop of urine into his armor, this time for sure. Meta Knight

So he stopped as Kirby looked on in confusion. Then Meta Knight slowly walked again.

“Let’s hurry, there’s not a moment to lose.” Said Meta Knight

But at the same time, he worries for Kirby now that they’re this close to Dedede.

Meta Knight had been arguing with himself over again about what to do, let himself pee on camera to save Kirby.

But he felt that it’s best not to judge on what Dedede will do until it’s revealed about what Dedede’s plan is with Kirby.

So they finally made it to the king’s thrown. But there’s no sign of the king, where could he be?

A Waddle Dee approached Meta Knight and Kirby, and said “The king will be here in the moment, he’s just getting using the bathroom”.

Meta Knight flinched at the word ‘bathroom’, as he is also getting scared of how long Dedede will take. The Camera is still facing Meta Knight, so he can’t do anything for now.

But his bladder is forcing him to hold his crotch with both hands, as he’s beginning to feel the dam breaking. He felt a trickle in his armor, and it’s getting wet.

Damn, Meta Knight is slowly going to wet himself. But he stopped the trickle in time before it gets any worse.

After 2 minutes, King Dedede finally came to the thrown.

“Ah, I see that Kirby has been brought here. You did well Meta Knight.” Said Dedede.

“Yes, I have fulfilled my objective. Now can you get that camera away from me?” Asked Meta Knight.

“Very well Meta Knight, you may go as you please.” Said Dedede.

King Dedede used his remote to deactivate the flying-camera and dismissed Meta Knight, much to Meta Knight’s relief.

‘Finally, a chance to be alone to use the bathroom.’ Meta Knight thought.

But then he felt another spurt in his armor, longer this time. Meta Knight started to hobble down the hallway that leads to the bathroom. His armor is started to show a wet patch on his crotch. It can’t wait any longer.

After crossing the hallway, he found the bathroom. Just close enough to reach within 30 seconds from walking distance.

Meta Kngiht held his wet crotch tight as he slowly walked to the bathroom, but his chances are getting slimmer and wetter. He’s about ready to explode.

When he reached within 10 seconds close to the bathroom, his bladder exploded.

Meta Knight began to feel his pants-armor getting soaked as the urine starts to pour out of his armor and puddles below his feet. Meta Knight is peeing himself, right when he was so close to reaching the toilet.

He didn’t make it.

Meta Knight sigh in relief now that he’s feeling better, but he also felt very embarrassed about what just happened.

A tough and brave warrior, entrusted by the king himself, would wet himself? How could that be?

Meta Knight realized that he’s still outside of the bathroom, anybody could have seen what happened, but luckily there was nobody. So Meta Knight went to the bathroom to hide for a bit while he cleans himself up.

Luckily, the bathroom he went in contains a shower. It turned out to be the king’s own bathroom, which would make Dedede rather mad.

But the king is busy with busy with whatever it is he’s doing with Kirby.

Meta Knight felt worried about Kirby. The king must be torturing him by now, or trying to kill him, or maybe just humiliating him.

Meta Knight thought that it would be best to take a quick shower and while nobody knows and just dry himself and his urine-filled armor.

(5 minutes later)

Meta Knight quickly put the armor on and sprinted towards the thrown to see what King Dedede is doing to Kirby. Whatever it is, it can’t be good.

Finally he made it to the thrown, only to find something unexpected.

There is Kirby, having fun and eating sweets and cakes. And there’s King Dedede, just sitting there and smiling at Kirby.

It turns out that Dedede is being nice to Kirby.

‘Why is the king giving Kirby all of those sweets?’ Meta Knight wondered.

King Dedede turned and noticed Meta Knight.

“Ah, come in, come in. I was just thinking of bringing you back here for the party.” Said King Dedede

“What is this, what party is this about?” Asked Meta Knight

“Today happens to be an anniversary of Kirby’s arrival!” Dedede finally answered.

Then Dedede added - “Before he arrived here, I was getting bored with Dream Land. Nobody to fight, nobody to play, just plain kingdom with everything else I wanted. But since Kirby came, things went rather hectic and out of order it drove me crazy. But then I realized how fun it is to have something out of control. A worth opponent, and sometimes a friend. So I thought it would be best to give Kirby a party for his anniversary of his arrival in Planet Popstar.”

So that’s what Dedede wanted with Kirby all along, this is quite a surprise. Even for Meta Knight.

Kirby noticed Meta Knight. He hopped towards Meta Knight with a piece of chocolate cake to give to Meta Knight.

“For me?” Asked Meta knight

Kirby nodded and handed him the slice.

“Thank You Kirby, I too can see what a true friend you have been.” Said Meta Knight.

So Kirby, Meta Knight, and King Dedede danced around the thrown room with Pop music on.

This all made Meta Knight feel better from what happened earlier, and nobody will ever know that Meta Knight peed himself.

The End.

