Lady in Wetting

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-08-02 19:54

Here's chapter one of Lady in Wetting. A historical wetting story where one girl becomes servant to a rich Lady by agreeing to let her relieve her desperation in her house...

Chapter 1 – Meeting My Lady

When I first heard I’d been appointed to my Lady, I was so excited I almost wet myself. If I’d known I’d end my first day as her servant aching with desire whilst wetting on her face, I might have reconsidered taking the post.

In the village where I was born there were few jobs for anyone, even fewer for women. I spent my childhood watching the new hall being built, replacing the old crumbling castle that had housed the Lords and Ladies of Bullmarch for as long as anyone could remember. I had often watched the serving girls through the wrought iron railings as a child, wishing that perhaps one day I might be one of them, able to see inside the enormous house for myself.

I lived with my family in a tiny damp hovel, bringing up livestock for market. My parents expected me to work with them until I married but I wanted more, I aspired to higher things and I knew that the hall was my way up in the world. So when I was finally old enough, I applied at the servant’s door, asking for any work they had. I was laughed away, my worn and mud stained clothes mocked as I walked away. I vowed that one day I would return and be allowed inside.

I spent weeks pondering my plans before luck brought the chance I’d wanted to my very doorstep. The Lady’s coach was rolling through the village when a wheel came off as I walked alongside, hoping for a glimpse of the Lady. The coach ground to a halt, leaning dangerously to one side. The coachmen were running around in a fluster but I knew my time had come. I moved over to the coach door and pulled it open, curtseying deeply to the lady, almost knocked backwards by her sheer beauty. I’d only ever seen her from afar and to see her so close up took the breath away from my body.

She had fallen to one side as the coach lay embedded in the mud, her slender legs exposed as she tried to right herself and her white dress. Her cleavage looked enormous, held tightly in place by her corset, making me feel like a child in comparison, my own chest distinctly flat despite my best efforts to encourage it to grow with repeated visits to the wise woman at the wood. Her herbal concoctions did little for me except make me feel ill.

“My lady,” I said, curtseying again as the Lady tried to climb out of the carriage. “Please allow me to protect your divine gown with my own wretched rags.”

I pulled my hideous itchy dress over my head and laid it in the mud, stepping back to allow the Lady to step out of her coach. The footmen appeared next to us but froze at the sight of my nakedness, unsure how to react to the sight of my body so brazenly exposed.

“You may call me Lady Valerie,” she said, her voice as clear as crystal. I shivered at the sound, having never heard her speak before. When she held out her hand for me to take, I almost fainted. Somehow I remained upright, helping her from the coach with her soft fingers gripped in my calloused hand.

She glided over my clothes as they lay draped over the mud and onto the dry grass, turning to face me as the footmen awaited her orders. “Go and fetch a new wheel then, you idiots.”

“If I may suggest you speak to my neighbour, he is a wheelwright.”

“Is he indeed? Well? You heard her. I will wait at this young woman’s home for your return.” She turned to me. “I do hope you do not live far. Oh and Tobias?”

One of the footmen skidded to a halt and turned back. “Yes my lady,” he bowed.

“Fetch one of my dresses from my case for my friend…?”

“Alice,” I said as she looked at me. In moments a dress was being proffered to me, an intricately woven gown more suited to royalty than to one such as me. “I can’t take this,” I said. “It is too precious my lady.”

“Would you refuse a gift?” she asked, raising her eyebrows a little.

“No, of course not. I’m sorry my lady.”

I slid the dress over my shoulders, astonished at how soft and gentle the fabric felt against my skin, so different to the itchy roughness of my normal attire.

“There now,” Lady Valerie said, brushing down the front of the dress. “That’s better. Shall we?”

I led the way through the village, people moving aside to let us pass. I almost giggled at the fact nobody recognised me, they all assumed I was one of Lady Valerie’s servants. We reached my home and I kicked open the door, so glad my family were all away for market day.

“I’m afraid it is an awful hovel my lady,” I muttered, kicking the chickens outside before closing the door, sealing the two of us in the semidarkness.

“It is lovely, and please whilst we are alone, call me Valerie my dear.”

“Oh I couldn’t possibly do that my lady.”

“Are you once again disobeying me? You won’t be able to do that if you become one of my servants.” She smiled at me. “I’m teasing you. Don’t look so worried.”

“I’m sorry my…I mean, Valerie.” It felt wrong even saying her name, as if one as lowly as me could dare to assume I was anywhere near to the same level as her.

“Now Alice, I cannot see a toilet in here. I assume you do have one.”

I blushed bright red. “I’m afraid not Valerie.”

“Then where do you go to relieve yourself?”

“Father makes us do it on the compost. It’s good for it apparently.”

She laughed, a high laugh full of joy. “Well then I shall do the same.”

“Please no, it is outside in the open air. I couldn’t dream of…”

“Do not assume you may tell me what I can or cannot do. Now I must go before another minute is passed. Take me to your compost. This is such fun!”

Reluctantly I stood up and managed to get the door open again. The compost pile was beside the fence dividing our home from our neighbours, a huge pile of wild grasses, vegetable peelings and such stacked haphazardly together.

“Is there where you always must go, you poor thing?”

I nodded, unable to answer, more ashamed of my family at this moment than I’d ever been before. Lady Valerie stepped towards the pile, then looked down at the rotting mess trickling from it towards her elegant shoes.

“Perhaps I could use a jug instead and then you could pour it onto your compost,” she said, stepping away from the pile and back into my house. I sighed with relief and followed her back inside, discovering she’d already picked up an empty jug and was examining it. “This should do. You do not object do you?”

I shook my head and curtseyed again. “Good,” she said. “Now sit there and I shall not be a moment. My bladder is ready to explode.”

If you can't wait for the rest, you can get it on Kindle from here

.

