A nightly visit

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2011-04-03 19:48

Faust knows he needs to work on Chapter-2, but he had inspiration he felt he'd share.

So here. ^^

It was a dark and stormy night, as Faust laid down to bed, falling asleep after a long day at work. As the hours moved on, he laid peacefully, having long since fallen asleep. A truly pleasant time, where he was peaceful. Silent. Vulnerable.....

A sound at his door would tense anyone listening, an unruly rattling, and a few thumps placed against it. The door resisted this newcomer with all of it's brute might, but the force was crafty.

After a few more rattles, a resounding click echoed through the otherwise silent home, as the door finally gave way to the newcomer, a shady figure in a large coat stepping into the building with care. The figure didn't want the sole resident of the home waking up now...That would be very problematic.

A small bag was dropped to the ground, filled to the brim with many tools expected of one who wished to do various, less than legal things. Ropes, lockpicks, flashlights, and many other things.

The heavily cloaked figure moved into the house, rain dripping from their figure as the hood was removed, showing off a black ski-mask, revealing a pair of dark pink eyes.

The figure continued to disrobe, dropping many sopping garments as the figure eventually was down to one that the sleeping figure would have been able to recognize if he wasn't out cold.

"Yuno has been waiting all day for this." the voice called, as the girl dropped off the last heavy garmet she'd worn to keep dry, her outer coat.

Yuno slid out of her heavy rain boots as well, moving about the house in a quiet, nimble manner.

She had worn so many things, and had to move quickly as well. Her love had been busy all day, which meant he would definitely be very tired, and as such, less likely to wake up.

The girl was wearing her normal clothes under the heavy garments, though instead of high socks, there seemed to be something pink covering up her legs and above, going up her skirt as she weaved through the building, finding the room she'd been looking for.

Pulling a hair pin out, she made short work of the flimsy locking mechanism on the boy's door as she opened the door, looking at the lump under the covers.

"Faust is very tired tonight~ Isn't he?" she cooed lightly to herself, as she lowered a hand, undoing the top button on her shirt to show a pink one underneath. She continued to undo buttons, as she flushed.

She dare not turn on the light, for it would be really embarassing for Faust to see her doing something like that, along with the risk of actually waking him up. No, that would ruin her whole plan.

Instead, she continued to slowly unbutton her shirt, two....then three...then four...before eventually, she slid it off to leave only a smoother pajama shirt underneath. She slid off her skirt as well, showcasing her pink pajama pants as well as she flushed.

"Ohh~ Yuno feels so embarassed~" she said in a quiet tone. "But, so long as it's Faust, she doesn't mind S-stripping for him~"

The lump in the mattress didn't seem to move, showing he was still asleep. She flushed as she left her clothes discarded on his floor as she gently laid down in the bed, about where Faust's back would be.

"Fau~st~" she cooed, as she moved her arms over the lump as she gently moved closer.

However, as she did this, she felt something was wrong. As she trailed her hand back, she sighed a bit in relief.

Yes, it was still Faust. she could recognize that tone anywhere, but it wasn't the side of him she had been looking for.

She ran a hand alongslide what she identified as his left leg, smirking to herself.

"It's fine...Faust must have just decided to sleep the other way for once..' she mused to herself as she started to lean up.

However, as she started to go up, the lump sudddenly moved, a hand going down over her waist as she squeaked a bit. A few mumbles could be heard, as the dormant figure seemed to rouse just a bit, but remained unconcious.

Yuno breathed deeply as the mumbles silenced, feeling her heart skip a few beats. She...she'd thought for sure the boy'd woken up. Thankfully, the boy seemed to have just been in a daze, but Yuno was still playing it safe.

She laid still against Faust's leg for a few minutes, as the arm's grip on her remained firm.

"Maybe...if Yuno is gentle.." she called as she went to raise up, prompting a few inaudible protests from the slumbering figure which signalled her to get back down.

Okay...steady....steady.. she thought as the mumbles started to die down, replaced with a rummaging sound. She felt his legs tense up a bit, before bending, heading further from her body, with the grip on her waist loosening.

However, before she could take advantage of this lapse, she felt something else come into contact with her. The girl flushed a bright crimson as she felt a pressure on the area between her legs, as something came to rest on it.

"Mmmm....There's my pillow.." she heard Faust mumble, as his arms wrapped around her again, one arm resting on her lower back, and the other resting just along her bottom.

She let out a small moan as she flushed, incredibly pleased, yet worried at the same time. He was...He was using her lap as a pillow, and he was touching her....

Yuno christened this as the best night of her life at this point, as she laid in content for a while.

However, after her brief time in what she believed to be heaven, another problem made itself evident. Faust's head was resting against her, but with the pleasant feeling, came a not so pleasant urge. She hadn't exactly been loading up on drinks, but keeping her mind active at this time of day did require a few beverages with heaping doses of caffiene, and as such, she felt the need to visit the restroom.

And on top of that, Faust's head was putting a fair amount of pressure on her bladder too. So, although she could normally withstand it for long periods of time, she was facing a major handicap this time.

The girl's hips swayed a bit in the bed, as she lowered a hand. She wanted to hold herself, but the boy's head was blocking the way. And it seemed the more she wiggled to get out of his grip, the tighter it got.

"No...don't go pillow..." His voice mumbled, as his head rubbed against her, causing the girl to flush deeply and let out another moan.

She wanted to just let go, but she couldn't! Not with Faust being so...so...close to her!

She wiggled more and more as she snaked a hand down into her pajama pants, holding herself tightly as the boy nuzzled her more.

She clenched herself tightly, the boy's head still moving in to push against her hand and bladder as she squirmed, praying forthe boy's grip on her to lax.

A few more tense minutes passed by, as the girl seemed to dance in the boy's grip, feeling her control slowing waning as she did.

"Uwaahh....Yuno...can't keep it in much longer.." She called as her hand gripped her white panties tightly as she moaned again. All of this activity, focused near her area was getting to be too much.

As the agonizing minutes passed on, Yuno let out a small whimper.

This was it...she was at her limit....

Her hand suddenly felt sticky and warm, as Yuno found herself letting out a louder moan as she clenched.

"No...no no nooo.." she cried out as she felt the warmth again. And again. And again. The girl's body started to quiver as her breathing deepened, a hissing sound starting to fill the room, the girl whimpering with labored breaths as she felt the warmth moving past her hand, and onto her pink pajama pants.

Warmth spread all over her waist as the boy's grip seemed to loosen on her, a few mumbles accompanying the hissing noise.

"....n't......a..n......y.." Faust mumbled in his sleep as his arm went to wipe off his face.

Yuno's face burned with embarassment, as she rolled out of the boy's grip, and hit the floor with a loud THUD, the hissing between her legs continuing as she did.

Panting heavily, Yuno felt her body completely relax as the rest of her urge hissed out of her, soaking her bottoms as she sat in place.

"Th...th...that..." she called to herself between breaths as she waited for her body to finish, before standing up.

Faust seemed to have rolled over again, finding his actual pillow as he went back to snoring again, the girl flushing deeply as she turned around.

"Yuno is glad she wore her pajamas." She cooed to herself as she gathered her clothes and started out, thinking she'd pushed her luck enough for one night.

The next day, Faust grumbled as he rose with a start.

"Man...why do I always wake up with a weird taste in my mouth?" he remarked to himself, as he got out of bed, preparing himself for school as a knocking was heard.

"Is Faust ready for School?" a familiar peppy voice called out.

"Be out in a minute Yuno." Faust called as he started into the bathroom to prepare for the day. Maybe one of these days, he'd figure it out....

*003*2011-04-03 21:19

{{:

I enjoyed reading this. Question, though. Does Yuno always lose control of her bladder when she visits Faust at night?

}}

Faust doubts she does. XP This night was a different scenario.

Though the only one who knows the awnser to that is Yuno. ^^~

XP

*006*2011-04-04 23:55

{{:

Yuno is from Shin Megami Tensei right? Always wanted to play it.. though I can now never see her other than what you've shown us on here Faust. Hehe not that I'm complaining >.>.

}}

Incorrect. Yuno is from the Manga Mirai Nikki/Future Diary.

^^

And You'd best be seeing her as only having eyes for Faust too. ^^~

XP

*is only partially kidding*

By the way, Faust reccomends one not read the manga, unless you are of proper age.

It's a tad disturbing to younger audiences. ^^;

Faust has to tone Yuno down a bit for this.

