Mortal Kombat

Author: MKDude

*000*2011-04-21 03:09

At a distance, Sonya Blade noticed her friend and ally Kitana, who seemed to be in a rush. Sonya had been hyper, so she wanted to spar with her friend.

"Hey kitana, let's see who would win in a fight. You, or me."

"Not now, I've got...something important to do."

"Nonsense" Sonya said. "The dusk just started, you have the whole night to do what it is you must"

"No, I REALLY don't" Kitana exclamed in a fearful state, as she knew once Sonya wanted something, it was going to happen. Her fear was realized as Sonya hit her with a sneak attack. "Guess I'll have to finish this quick" Kitana thought in her head as Sonya stood in her fighting stance, egging Kitana on the strike back.

Kitana quickly tries to take out Sonyas' legs so she could run away, as she understood Sonya was a very endurable fighter. Sonya started to realize by kitana's movements that the 'rush' she was in was a need to go to the bathroom. Unfortunatly for Kitana, Sonya wanted to see Kitana wet her singlet. With a strong uppercut here and a grapple there, Kitana started to gain the upper hand. "I may make it" she thought as she tripped Sonya down and made a run for it. Too bad she didn't take into account Sonya's arc kick which stopped Kitana in her path. Sonya decided strikes to the mid section would get her what she desired, and as she gave Kitana a strong knee in the gut, Kitana started to tear up.

"Sonya I was trying to leave so I could go pee, please let me go. You win!" she screamed in desperation. Sonya said "I've known all along' as she drove another knee into kitana's gut, causing a few drops to spill, letting her know that the end was near. Kitana was aware that she was going to wet herself right there, so she decided to make Sonya pay for the embarrassment she was going to cause Kitana. Only problem was that she was too focused on the need to pee that she was having trouble thinking of ways to hurt Sonya, and in an attempt to slap her, accidentally grabbled her breast.

"Hah, turning me on even more is your best strategy to saving yourself?" she said with a chuckle, as she aimed one last good strike to Kitana's mid section, causing her bladder to give. "NO!!!" Kitana screamed as she wet her outfit, the stream lasting for what seemed like days to her. SOnya took one more before walking away, exclaming that she was going to be thinking about what Kitana did tonight when Sonya was all alone. "Thank you for this great memory, until next time." And with a wink, Sonya was gone.

*002*2011-04-21 03:25

{{:

Sonya Wins!

PEETALITY!

}}

I'll likely have more to come as I play more MK9. The fantasies going through my head just have to be shown to others with similar interests. Any feedback would be nice, I'm aware of the typos, and will work on that in the future. Give me your match ups and I'll see if I can squeeze a story out.

Note:I will only do ones where the ones wetting themselves are female, and please, no Sheeva requests

*005*2011-04-21 04:21

Thank you. for the feedback. This was my first story, so I have alot of time to improve. In MK9 the females are Sonya, Kitana, Mileena, Jade, Sindel, and Sheeva. I can find a full list of female characters in Mortal Kombat, but I will only do that if requested. I deffinatly wanna do a Sonya wetting soon, maybe a crossover with Street Figher, but I wanna see if this gets more good reviews first

*009*2011-04-23 05:01

Thank you all. Looks like I should add another story soon then. It aggervates me that there is so little MK hentai, let alone Omorashi of it, so I decided to do something. I'll get more up soon, I just need to decide a few things, primarily who the next victim should be

