Hermione's Desperation

Author: FreedomAndChaos

*000*2012-11-09 19:45

Hermione shifted in her seat just slightly as the train rumbled on to Hogwarts. Her nose in a book, as usual, she just couldn’t be bothered to get up and tend to her body’s needs at this particular moment. Ron and Harry were chatting away about some Quidditch thing or another, which held little interest to her, so her attention was held solely in the pages in front of her. Only when evening fell and the lights flickered on did it come to the attention of the trio that they’re journey was almost over.

“You wanna step out for a moment, Hermione?” Harry asked politely, as him and Ron reached for their Hogwarts robes to change into.

“Sure,” Hermione said. As punctual as she usually was, she was already changed, so she merely took this opportunity to stroll the aisle, down to the end of the train where the washrooms were located. Now that she was on her feet and moving, she finally realized how badly she had to go. Silently thanking Ron and Harry for pulling her back to reality, she quickened her step a bit.

However, her heart fell when there was a big ‘Out Of Order’ sign being put up on the door by the woman who usually pushed the food cart along the compartments. The old witch smiled kindly when she saw Hermione, and apologized.

“Some first years thought it would be funny to stick a Filibuster’s in the loo,” she explained, “I’m afraid it won’t be fixed until we can stop at Hogwarts.”

Hermione just nodded and turned to go back to the compartment where her friends were waiting. The shade on the door was open, so she knew it was safe to go in there. Inwardly worried, as her bladder felt quite full and uncomfortable, she sat down and tried to concentrate on her book again, but quickly found it was to no avail. Now that her needs had gotten her attention, they were keeping it.

“You all right, Hermione?” Harry asked, noticing the change in his friend’s demeanor.

“Yeah, of course,” she said, sounding a lot more confident than she really was, “How much longer until we get to Hogwarts, do you think?”

Harry glanced at his watch before answering, “Maybe another hour or so,” he said quite casually, completely unaware of how he made the girl’s heart sink, “Why?”

“Just curious,” she answered, before opening her book once again, signaling the end of her want to talk. Even though she couldn’t focus on the words in front of her, she could at least pretend everything was all right and she wasn’t worried about wetting herself like a child in front of everyone.

Time ticked by slowly, as Hermione stubbornly kept her nose in her novel. Her needs had grown from a minor annoyance to a rather worrisome problem. She was inwardly glad her two best friends could be rather oblivious to her sometimes, which especially seemed to be the case now, as they had taken to entertaining themselves with a game of Exploding Snap. This meant she was able make tiny shifts as she needed to, to help get the pressure off her distended organ. She had read maybe ten pages in the last half hour, a dismal record compared to her usual, but she was much too distracted to care at the moment.

Finally, they felt the train start to slow down as it pulled into Hogsmeade station. Putting her book away, Hermione stood and was incredibly caught off guard by a particularly violent spasm of her bladder, causing her to bend over and rub her legs together. Luckily, she was behind Harry and Ron, who were already making their way out of the compartment, and could pull herself together again before either of them was any wiser.

Even the journey to the platform was long and painful, as throngs of people were trying to get out all at once. More than once, she was rudely jostled as someone bumped into her, each time making her bladder spasm and threaten to release. By the time her, Harry, and Ron had gotten into a carriage, she would definitely say she was at the point where she was truly desperate. As she sat down, she crossed her legs and pressed her thighs tightly together, knowing it was a rather bumpy ride up to the front doors of the castle. If she could just make it that far, she could take a quick side trip to the bathroom before the feast and all would be good.

As predicted, the carriage ride jostled her around to the point where she was worried she might lose it before they even got to the castle. She couldn’t help the little gasp that occurred when they hit a particularly large bump and she felt a little spurt escape into her panties. As oblivious as they had been previously, this did not go escaped by Harry and Ron.

“You okay?” Harry asked, truly concerned for his friend as she appeared to be quite uncomfortable.

“Y-yeah,” she stammered, not sounding at all as confident as she had the last time he asked. She hated lying to them, but she could only imagine them laughing at her if she told them what was really wrong. As much as she loved the two of them, she really wished she had closer female friends, especially at a time like this.

Harry ‘s gaze lingered on her for a moment longer as he tried to decide to ask her again, but he decided to drop it. Partially because he knew pushing her if it was something she really didn’t want to share would only end up in a fight, and partially because their carriage was slowing to a halt as they approached the great oak doors of the castle.

As they climbed down, Hermione’s bladder felt like a bowling ball resting in her abdomen, putting a painful pressure on her urethra as all the liquid trapped inside it threatened to escape. In fact, she felt another few drops do just that as they walked into the school, accompanied by another spasm that racked her tired muscles. She knew she had to get to a bathroom. And soon.

“I’ll be right there, guys,” she said hurriedly, rushing off in the direction of the nearest bathroom before the two boys even had a chance to respond. Unfortunately, the closest girls’ to them was a floor up, so she had to navigate the stairs with each one making her abdomen flex and putting pressure where she didn’t really need any at the moment. She felt the gusset of her underwear grow even damper as more drips snuck past her fatigued muscles. Now that she was out of sight of anyone else, she openly grabbed herself under her skirt to help stem the flow, having to pause like that for a few seconds before trusting her body to be able to move again.

Finally, she reached the hallway that held the entrance to her much-needed bathroom, but only to stumble upon a sight that made her want to cry. Running into Peeves wasn’t usually something one would enjoy on a regular basis, but running into him while desperate for a wee made the whole situation a million times worse. Especially when he was stuffing wads of chewing gum into the keyhole of the ladies’ washroom, effectively sealing the door shut.

At being such a close proximity to relief, Hermione’s bladder spasmed again, causing her hand to shoot to her crotch as another leak got forced out, this time running down her leg as her panties were unable to hold anymore liquids. This predicament did not go unnoticed by the poltergeist, who merely giggled with glee.

“Looks like someone has to go pee-pee!” he shouted, casually floating over to where Hermione was standing, “Too bad the door seems to be locked! Maybe if you hadn’t waited so long…” he left the sentence without an end, but Hermione was hardly listening to him. If he were physical, she may have struck him, but, given her hand would go right through him, there was no point in that.

“Peeves, please…” she begged, bouncing up and down. She knew she had to get to a toilet soon, or the unthinkable would happen. The next nearest girls’ was, again, a floor up, and even the nearest boys’ was two hallways from here. She was doubtful she would make it to either one.

“What’s the password?” Peeves asked in a sing-song voice, taking great pleasure in making the student before him squirm.

“I don’t know, Peeves, just please….” Hermione could barely speak at this moment, and was openly having to hold herself, even if it was in front of the poltergeist. Her legs were pressed tightly together and she was bent at an awkward angle, all in the name of not wetting herself in the middle of the hallway.

“Tsk tsk. I can’t let you by without the password,” Peeves said, starting to float back to the door, “I guess you’ll just have to wait until you know it.”

As another spurt leaked down her legs, Hermione felt like all she wanted to do at that moment was cry. She knew she couldn’t make it to any of the other nearest bathrooms, but she also knew she had to get away from here. Inching her way to a nearby entrance to a hidden corridor, she was glad that Peeves didn’t follow her. She could hear him continuing to torment her with his words, but paid no attention to what he was actually saying. It seemed to take her forever until the portrait shut behind her, but, as it did, she knew she was at her wit’s end.

She just managed to get her skirt up and out of the way when her pee poured out of her. Leaning against the wall and spreading out her legs, she managed to keep it from splashing on her shoes too much, even though her puddle eventually expanded enough to reach them. Her body sagged in relief as her bladder emptied forcefully into her soaked panties and down the stone wall, creating a splashing sound that echoed through the empty corridor.

Two whole minutes ticked by before her torrent eventually tapered down to a stream and finally a trickle. Opening her eyes, not having realized she closed them, she took in the sight of the mess she made. She had been too caught up in the orgasmic feelings of relief to even acknowledge what Filch, or anyone else, would do if they saw such a thing. Still, the euphoria at finally being empty prevented her from worrying too much yet. Merely pulling off her soaked underwear, she pocketed it and stepped carefully out of her puddle, wiping her shoes on the dry stone out of it to prevent footprints.

She made her way back down to the Great Hall, managing to not run into anyone thankfully, and slipped in and to her seat next between Harry and Ginny just as the Sorting ended.

“Where were you?” Ginny asked before Harry could get the chance to.

“Oh, I just had to take care of something,” Hermione said dismissively, just as the feast appeared magically in front of them. Pulling some food onto her plate, she was glad both Ginny and Harry dropped the subject and was blissfully unaware of Filch’s near-aneurysm when he stumbled upon the mess later that night.

###

I hope you excuse the lack of Ron. I suck at writing him :p Tell me what you think. Constructive criticism is best as it only makes me better for next time! This is my first story that completely centers around omo, so don't be afraid to tell me if there are any issues going on with it.

