Yes, it's possible

Author: satyr

*000*2014-03-11 04:02

(After my longer stories I wanted to do a quickie, just spontaneously got the inspiration to put down a fantasy in words. Raw, rather unedited, a style befitting a fetishistic impulse, I should think.)

You're a social media gal in your company. Twenty-three, open office environment, everyone dresses however they want. Job performance is measured in click-throughs, in eyeballs on web ads. You spend most of the day playing addictive Facebook games, but nobody cares what you do, or if you're even in the office, as long as something you put on a website goes viral every once in a while. Companies actually pay for this shit, and that's where your salary comes from.

Today you dressed sexy. Short skirt, pink panties, you know you're flashing them if you walk by fast or maybe someone's conveniently placed table fan, who uses those anyway, well if one of those is directed at your butt as you walk by, someone will get a peek. Today you felt like that should happen, that makes you happy. You want to feel desired, sometimes. It's a natural emotion, everyone has it. It's not slutty, it's fucking human and you're doing it today.

There are exactly one hundred thirteen short feminine steps from your desk to the bathroom. But you're too absorbed in Candy Crush and sipping tea all day.

Yes, it's totally possible.

No, you weren't stuck without a bathroom in sight. No car accident holding up the commute, no elevator stuck between floors, no crazy robber tying you up while you beg for mercy.

At one o'clock, a twinge. Big juice at lunch, lunch at noon every day.

At two, a definite need. To finish the next level, of course.

At three, your lower body can't sit still even as your mind is elsewhere.

Yes, it happens. In your mind, the possibility doesn't exist. The first leak shocks you into reality. The reason grownups don't have accidents isn't that it's physiologically impossible for them to lose bladder control, it's because they actually go to the bathroom when they feel the need. Your pink panties are moistening and cling to your lips, barely hidden by your skirt. Before you can register the first shock properly, you momentarily lose all control. A loud hissing, a warming of the crotch, a blushing of the cheeks and shiver in the spine, you looking down to see the panties no longer absorbing your accident and the pee now darkening a spot on your skirt. You clench with all your might, but it's not enough. The accident is in motion, and only by grabbing hold of your crotch, pushing the fabric of the skirt into your wet panties and further developing the tell-tale wet spot can you finally regain control.

You are twenty-three but feeling three. You've peed yourself, and you have less than five minutes before you start peeing again and won't stop until you're empty, wherever you are. Everyone will know what you've done. Those one hundred how many steps were there again seem like miles by now. What do you do? Step up and walk to the toilet with a wet ass on display, or sit here hopelessly clenching until you can't and it goes all over your chair, your lap, splashing on the floor, the pee yelling to everyone, even to Phil the dorky intern, that you, the prettiest girl with the easiest job and the desk closest to the bathroom, not counting Tiff, the girl who always works from home, announcing to all of them that you've completely and utterly pissed yourself?

Gingerly, you rise. Your head hangs down in shame as you start walking. You can feel eyes on your wet butt, and clinging to your womanhood is cotton properly soaked with a young professional woman's accident. Your bladder contracts, and at this point, about thirty-five of those how many steps to the bathroom, you bend over, and lose all control. You don't cry. You don't say a word. The piss pouring down between your legs says it all for you. Blushing, you hurry over to the toilet, finishing your accident, your trail of pee at the doorstep. Exhausted, from the effort to contain both your emotions and your piss, you waddle over to a stall and collapse onto the toilet lid.

To recap. You are twenty-three. You have unlimited bathroom access. You drank tea all day and dicked around on Facebook, and ignored the warning signs. You don't know what they're saying out there, the fifteen coworkers in that room. But you know what they're all looking at in disbelief, some perhaps in disgust: a piss-stained office chair with a small puddle underneath it, and then a larger puddle not far from the toilet, especially clear because the liquid reflects the fluorescent light above it, and then a trail of drops all the way to the doorstep of the Ladies'. A full day's worth of pee dispensed of on the chair, on the floor, and especially in your red panties (weren't they pink?) and your now black skirt with gray specks, streaked with pee. You smell it.

You're gonna get fired. Or your coworkers will order you a pack of Depends as a horrible office prank and you won't be able to go a day without someone inquiring about your bathroom schedule. No one will talk to you out of sheer disgust. Your blouse is showing your cleavage, by the way. You rise from the toilet seat. Look down, yes, your skirt is that wet, wetter even than it feels, and underneath, your hot panties are cooling down, like you're slowly stepping into a pool filled with under-heated water. All these thoughts are in your head.

But your emotions are taking another turn. As you look down you touch your fingers lightly over the fabric of your wet panties, and shiver pleasantly, and flush for a different reason, and suddenly you feel like the littlest and hottest girl in the entire world, there in that stall all pissed down after your careless accident, and at that point, dear reader, your imagination is as good as mine.

