Date Panic! - Page 7

Author: OmoCommando

*156*2014-01-30 04:10

@kitten: How attracted Nikki is to you is something I leave for the audience to gauge. The only thing I give is the trust level, which is basically the main character's opinion of how well the date is going.

Oh, and a reminder to everyone: I really don't plan on having Nikki's vampirism to be anything more than a humorous footnote in here, like asking her if she enjoys sunny weather and watching her reaction trying to avoid revealing her nature. There is not going to be some mind-blowing plot twist, this is meant to be a casual omorashi dating sim on a forum.

###

And so you dare to go expensive. When the waiter comes to take your order, you ask for "Two lobster dinners and two martinis." It's going to end up costing you 170 cR when the bill comes.

"You remembered." Nikki comments. She grins, admiring your uncanny memory. The waiter brings each of you a glass of water with a lemon slice along with some bread and butter. Nikki quickly drinks about a quarter of her water...

### Two awkwardly silent minutes later ###

You stare off at the casino, Nikki's attention drifts towards a nearby patron enjoying his drink. Awkwardness sets in. Since the waiters were likely going to take a while trying to prepare that lobster dinner, you'd better pick up the conversation.

What should you talk to Nikki about?

> Talk about school

> Talk about work

> Talk about weather

> Talk about hobbies

> Talk about sex

> Pretend to go to the bathroom to call your friend and ask for some tips

Current trust level: Just-slightly-above-comfortable

*171*2014-02-04 04:43

"Sooooo…" you ask. "What are some hobbies or activities that you enjoy?"

"I enjoy reading a good book mostly." She replies. "Sci-fi, mystery, with a touch of romance here and there always excites me."

Nikki laughs aloud. "I'm a nerd like that."

"Oh? What are some of your favorite authors?"

"Tom Clancy and Robert Ludlum are two of my favorites, but I could never say 'no' to a good Agatha Christie." She grins. "'Ten Little Indians' is the best book of all time. No exceptions." She pauses and ponders for minute. "Let's see, I have some practice playing drums, I enjoy a few video games, and my favorite sport is martial arts!" She gives you a playful look then raises her hands in a mock fighting position. "I'm a black belt so don't try anything funny!"

You laugh. Nikki's humor never failed. "Well it sounds like you have quite an array of things you like."

"You have no idea." Nikki winks. "Anyway, I told you mine, so now you tell me yours. What activities do you enjoy?"

What should you say you enjoy?

> Sophisticated reading

> Playing sports

> I'm a video game junkie!

> Art is my forté

> I spend sixteen hours a day browsing the internet

> I like to pee my pants!

> Other

Current trust level: Just-slightly-above-comfortable

