The Pee Factor - The TV talent show with a desperate contestant

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-03-25 22:39

The Pee Factor

Taken from "Dripping Wet

," my collection of 50 watersports stories for kindle and kindle app readers. In this story, the bitchy host of a TV talent show is about to get tied to her judge's table and peed on by a desperate contestant...

"What's your act?" The woman turned to face Clare, passing the time waiting for her turn to go on stage.

"Soaking the host."

The woman turned away, whispering to her friend about the weirdo behind her. Clare didn’t care. She hated talent shows, all of them. She couldn't stand the catty judges, the self deluded singers, the backstage bitching, all of it caught on camera of course. But now she'd thought of the perfect protest against them. She had auditioned alongside countless others, using her superb singing voice as a cover, pretending she wanted to make it big as a solo artist.

It was nerve wracking, even if it was only the first round of auditions, it was still a chance to make a statement about the whole thing. Particularly Alice Cowling.

Alice was the host of the show, famed for making most of the contestants cry. She was in her thirties, wore a trademark business suit, always smiled for the camera and revealed just enough cleavage to regularly appear in the papers, making the dads who watched the show happy and the mums jealous.

Clare had thought of the perfect way to get revenge on Miss Prim and Proper, her cut glass accent, her silver spoon life and everything her show stood for. She was nervous now though. She'd let other people cut in front of her all through the day, ending up right at the back of the queue, needing to be the last act to be seen for her plan to work, there was no way they’d be able to continue the broadcast after a stunt like this. Now at last it was her turn. She was brought at the side of the stage, waiting for her cue. She could see auditorium of the theatre from here, packed with people. She'd heard them alternately cheering or booing depending on how Alice told them to react. She was like a puppet master, pulling all their strings. But not for much longer.

The stage manager pointed at Clare. It was her turn at last. She stepped out onto the stage, carrying her props. Time for the real show to start.

"Hello," Alice began, nice as pie as always. “What's your name?"

"I'm Clare."

"Hi Clare. And what are you going to do for us today?"

"I'm going to put on a magic show. And I need your help Alice."

Alice frowned. This was unusual. But the audience cheered and she felt backed into a corner, the first time that had ever happened. Reluctantly she stood up, vowing to have strong words with the producer about this change from the script, her notes said Clare was a singer. "Shall I help her?" she asked the audience and they cheered in response. On her side as always. She walked round her table and out onto the centre of the stage. Clare nodded to the wings and her music started, a pounding beat. She danced round Alice, taking one of her long scarves and wrapping it round Alice's wrist. She brought the host’s arms together and tied a tight knot, binding her hands together.

If Alice was scared, she didn't show it. She let Clare wrap another scarf round her face, blindfolding her. In the enforced darkness she felt another scarf being wrapped round her ankles, bringing her legs together. Now she was bound like this, she no longer felt in control. She tried to speak, to tell the crew to get her out of this but Clare quickly tied a last scarf over her mouth before she could get a word out. She was gagged now, trapped until Clare chose to let her go. The audience were riveted, no one spoke. They were all wondering what would happen next. At home, audiences were on the edges of their sofas. They too were anxious to see just what magic would take place that involved their favourite TV star.

Clare guided Alice back towards her table, helping her shuffle along with her ankles bound so tightly. When she got there Clare assisted her up onto the table before using the loose ends of the scarves to tie her down, leaving her prone and wondering just what the hell was about to happen.

Clare turned to the crowd. "Ladies and gentlemen. This woman and this show represent everything that's wrong with this country today. This show wets all over the real talent that exists out there. Today I intend to return the favour, to piss all over the show and all over your beautiful hostess."

In a room upstairs a crew member turned to producer, hand hovering over the cut off button. They couldn't let this be broadcast, surely? But the producer wasn't there, he was outside, on the phone to one of the sponsors. Unable to make a decision the crew member just remained frozen as the cameras kept rolling. Clare was smiling, amazed to have gotten so far. She turned to Alice, her bladder aching with the pee she'd been holding in for hours, waiting for this moment. She found she wasn't just angry anymore, she was also strangely turned on, the idea of exposing herself in front of the whole theatre tickled her secret exhibitionist fantasies.

She reached across and undid the button on the front of Alice's trousers. Alice tried to scream, to squirm free but she was bound too tightly. She could only lay there twisting her body as her trousers were unzipped and tugged down her legs. Her tiny white panties were be on display to the silent crowd as were her long slender legs. She felt a tug at her waist and then her knickers were ripped off her.

She began to cringe, knowing her shaved pussy was now exposed on national TV on her own TV show. They’d throw her off the air for this. She wanted the ground to swallow her up. Why weren't her crew stopping this? She screamed into her gag again as she felt a tongue run across her clit. Then she remembered. She had yelled at the crew, warned them never to stop any act, told them everything was always planned to the last detail. They probably thought this was one of her shock tactics to increase ratings.

Alice was laid very still, breathing quietly. She thought back to the meeting she'd had the day before, telling someone they needed new ideas, something exciting to increase ratings. The other producers smiling and saying they had some good ideas. Was this their plan all along? Or was it a coincidence and this was just some insulted contestant back for revenge. She thought about the publicity. Maybe this wasn’t such a bad idea. After all, she’d always fantasised about another woman tying her down and licking her to orgasm. She began to push her knees apart, thrusting her hips upwards to encourage the contestant, what was her name again? Anyway, to encourage her tongue back onto her now aching clit.

Clare stood back, she hadn't planned on licking Alice’s pussy but her clit was so exposed, the shaven skin around it so inviting she hadn't been able to control herself. She pushed her fingers between the two bound thighs, making the host moan into her gag. Alice's pussy was sopping wet. Clare moved round the table and pulled the two sides of Alice's shirt apart in a single movement, buttons flying off as it ripped open, exposing her bare breasts for the first time. They were exquisite, small but well formed with hard nipples that made Clare want to tug at them, bite them, play with them. She found it hard to stay focused at the sight of them. She realised if she didn't get this over with she'd be wetting herself instead of on Alice.

Climbing up onto the table she tugged the gag from Alice's mouth and kissed her. To her surprise Alice kissed her back, their tongues entwined for a moment before Clare pulled away. She lifted her skirt, no panties underneath. The audience was still silent, too shocked by what they were seeing to say anything at all.

In the booth the crew member was frozen, not knowing what to do, just watching the monitor as Clare sank downwards until her pussy was directly over Alice's face. There was a moment's pause, concentration visible on her face as she relaxed her bladder. Reaching down, she pulled Alice’s gag away from her mouth.

"What are..?." Alice began but got no futher as her mouth was immediately filled with a torrent of hot piss making her cough and splutter. She had to swallow to avoid choking, the taste of piss filling her mouth. Clare found herself laughing, she never dreamed she'd be able to get this far. She looked up wondering what the noise was before she realised. The audience were cheering, on their feet, giving her a standing ovation.

She got to her own feet, thrusting her hips forwards so the rest of her piss splashed over Alice's body, soaking into her skin and trickling from the edges of the table onto the stage. When the hot pee hit Alice’s exposed clit, she screamed out loud. Her nub was so sensitive, the pressure of urine was enough to make her whole body tingle with excitement.

When Clare had finished she knelt down, her bottom directly above Alice's face.

"Lick my ass," she yelled. "Everyone round here licks yours. Now it’s your turn."

Alice didn't know what to do, she was in the thrall of this mad woman. She nervously stuck out her tongue, not sure what to expect, the blindfold still covering her eyes. To her surprise as her tongue made contact with the puckered hole pressing onto her face, she found she was enjoying this, having spent years in charge, telling other people what to do, it made a refreshing change for someone else to be in control. She licked the skin she could feel, unable to see what was there. She could feel Clare’s tight hole pushing back onto her tongue. She was able to nudge inside it as she felt wetness press against her chin. She jumped as she felt a hand on her pussy again, stroking her clit. Against her will, she moaned into Clare’s bottom. It was just too good a feeling to keep quiet anymore.

Clare remained in this position, wanting to see just how long she could get away with this. The tongue in her bottom was exquisite, making her clit throb with desire. She adjusted her hips so she could rub her clit against Alice's chin, using her like a sex toy to help her masturbate. She forced a finger between Alice's legs, pushing it up inside the host’s pussy. Someone leapt on stage from the audience and pulled away Alice's leg restraints to try and help her escape but Alice only spread her legs wider, not trying to escape. The person walked slowly back to their seat, looking confused.

Clare could see the pert bottom under her better now, the slickness on her legs. She moved her other hand until she was able to push two fingers through the wetness and up into Alice's bottom. Alice screamed with joy into Clare’s pussy at the sensation of both holes being filled. Within moments her orgasm hit her. She'd always had a weakness for her ass being played with and now she was pushed over the edge, climaxing loudly on live TV in front of millions of people.

Clare rubbed harder, grinding down faster and faster, her fingers still gripped by the rhythmic contractions of Alice's tight holes. She felt her own orgasm approaching and seconds later it hit her. She cried out, unable to stay upright, collapsing onto Alice's face. She felt the tongue still circling in her anus as the waves of her orgasm washed over her until it slowly withdrew as she lay still, panting for breath, breathing in the sweet scent of Alice’s pussy.

When she’d recovered enough, she stood up, legs wobbling. The audience member who'd leapt on stage looked at her warily before untying Alice’s wrists and then jumping back down to her seat once again. Alice stood up and tugged off her blindfold. She folded her arms over her still wet chest, holding her shirt closed, feeling very exposed as Clare’s pee trickled down her body. She turned to the red faced contestant, seeing her as if for the first time, her bottom still exposed to the audience behind her.

"Clare?" she said loudly.

Clare glared back at her, ready for the explosion as the audience waited to see how Alice would react.

"You're through to the next round."

Hope you enjoyed it. If you're interested in more of my stories you can get "Peeing on a Plane

" and "The House in the Woods

" for free at the moment.

