The Piss Tax - Page 2

Author: bes31

*027*2015-12-12 05:27

Chapter 4:

Missy stared remorsefully at Caia Hoo, who was in a very unusaly predicament for a women who prided herself on doing the exact opposite of what she is doing now. Missy secretly wanted to punish her, but the irony of the event was enough. Instead, she didn’t know what to do. Caia stood in front of her, knees stuck inward, face white with horror and an incredible amount of urine surrounding her, she was giving muffled cries to Missy, claiming that she was horrified and ashamed.

It was surprising to see Caia in this position, Caia was a very strong women who did not give out a lot. Nearly thirty minutes before Missy had seen Caia in the elevator, her body was upright, not giving any indication that she had a bursting bladder. But the current showing disproved that.

“I had been holding all day!” Caia pouted to Missy who grabbed her hand and bent her upwards. “What am I going to do? No one can know that I had an accident.”

“It’s fine.” Missy reaffirmed, walking Caia to the lockers, “we’ll just clean up and you’ll be fine, you’re wearing black remember?” Caia nodded.

“I haven’t had an accident since I was like 5!” Caia moaned out, her tears had become full-on sobbing. Missy wasn’t focusing on her, instead she grabbed a massive roll of paper towels and laid them all around the puddle.

“Take off your shoes, there will be urine in them.” Caia did so, small bits of liquid pouring out. With knowledge of what to do next, Caia rolled down her tan stockings that were ruined and her white panties that had been under everything. Missy kept her eyes on the puddle, knowing that a glance would create an awkward moment.

“Uhh! I don’t want to go commando on the street!” Caia continued to complain and Missy wished that she could forget her good grace and leave her alone in the bathroom. But, alas, she was too nice. Missy turned to her with a stubborn starkness in her voice.

“You wanna put the panties back on.” Caia hesitated and looked at them, destroyed and devastated. With that notion she resigned her head backwards.

“You can go now, Missy. I’m sorry for wasting your time.” Caia said, she rolled down her expensive dress as far as it could go, the feeling of the cold breeze caressing the inner thighs that high was tingly and uncomfortable for Caia, but it was better than smelling of urine. “Just don’t tell anyone alright.”

Missy nodded with a kind smile and left the bathroom. She worried for Caia, but did not care for her. Caia was obviously very rich, the tags on her dresses showed that. What Missy didn’t know was that Caia’s upbringing was not easy, raised to a family that required constant discipline, constant respect, and constant winning attitude. Caia was not a perfect student, but was willed into being one through work forced upon by her parents. Now out of her parents shadows, Caia is disconnected from them. She got into a top university, but it wasn’t the highest, and she got a great internship, but it wasn’t the greatest. No matter what, she was a disappointment to her family.

If they could see me now, Caia thought to herself as she paced around the bathroom. Tears began to fill her face by just imagining their shame.

###

“Please let me go!” A young lady screamed at a police officer. The officer was in his 40’s, his eyes seemed dejected at the work he had to do. The young lady was strewn across the alley-way next to their building. Kathleen Morningham and Darian Schmidt watched on in amazement.

“You are under arrest for public urination.” Obviously so, the police officer hadn’t even given the young lady time to roll down her skirt. Handcuffs placed on her pale white skin.

“Please, you can’t do this! Someone help me!” Darian shrugged in a mixture of interest and fear. Remembering very well that earlier in the day they had done the exact same thing.

“They are heightening arrests.” Kathleen spoke, adjusting the rimmed glasses around her face. “I wonder why.”

“More people in jail, the better the economy is.” Darian responded, watching every action of the young lady as she was pulled into a cop car and driven away. “Let’s just hope we don’t get caught next.” Darian began walking to the apartments, she had hidden it well, but she was desperate for a good pee. The small bit of relief she had during lunch had tended off the need a bit, but she was bursting, still.

“Yeah. That would suck.” Kathleen also was fighting a good bit of desperation, she had her hands clenching the edges of her skirt. The weather was cool, like a normal autumn day and the slight chill in the air made the bladder a bit more aware. Given time, Kathleen might have pondered to use an alley, but after seeing the punishment, the crime was not worth it, yet.

“It’s all bullshit, right?” Darian asked.

“The Piss Tax, yes. Bodily needs are natural rights and shouldn’t be restricted.”

“Then why don’t people protest?”

“People do, but they get arrested for public urination.”

“Either way, I feel like protesting right now.” Darian joked.

“I’ll pass.” Shuffled her legs around, signifying that she was in some need for the toilets.

“You know, if enough people get together and fight the bill…”

“By doing what, getting arrested, not peeing.”

“Yeah, not peeing.”

Kathleen smiled at the suggestion. “I’m already bursting and I relieved myself like eight hours ago. How are we never going to pee?”

“I don’t know.” Darian frowned. “Surely some people could go through life without ever using a toilet.”

“Yes you can, but why would you want to?”

“Because that law is bullshit!” Darian exploded and stopped, she bent down and grabbed herself. “Euhhh!” She moaned.

“You have to pee that badly?” Kathleen asked, her own bladder acting up.

“Yeah it just hit me.” Darian could barely speak, her bladder was beginning to swarm with pain, like a bullet moving through it. “Ahh!” She fell to the ground, all of her energy moving into a pushing force against her body.

“Oh my God!” Kathleen observed Darian squirm on the ground, tears beginning to form in her eyes. Suddenly it hit Kathleen too, a cramping feeling that took over her bladder. Suddenly, she had no control. A torrent of urine burst out of her, and she kneeled on the ground, as urine swarmed around her.

“What’s happening!” Darian cried as she lost control. The cramping began pounding and pounding until it broke her iron grip, a massive spurt of liquid came through her, and with it, a barrage of urine. “Ahh!”

As they both laid on the ground they stared at each other, both in immense confusion of what just happened.

###

Behind a trash-can, a man stood, watching the actions of Kathleen and Darian. A slight smile crawled onto his face, cackling at the two poor girls. He was in a large coat and a hat that hid any resemblance to anyone we knew.

“That was beautiful ladies.” The man whispered to himself as he pushed another few buttons on his phone. Suddenly, the pressure was gone for the two girls, they stood up, tears in their eyes, and shamefully continued their walk home.

“Absolutely beautiful.” The man spoke again, he looked down at his phone, reading a series of buttons.

...Fill...

...Burst...

Maybe, if he couldn’t sleep, the men will go to the apartments at night and watch another girl completely explode. He could only imagine the joy. That said, he couldn’t arouse suspicion, he had already done it to three girls tonight, first the young intern Caia, now these two interns Kathleen and Darian. He would give it a rest, picking up tomorrow.

The man turned around only to be shocked by the presence of another intern, young Missy Kekoa. She smiled at him and spoke in a sweet murmur.

“Good Evening Mr. Brooks.”

“Good evening, Missy.”

*031*2015-12-12 20:54

Chapter 5:

Mr. Brooks adjusted his silk dress coat and walked down the lane, nearing his small car. He lightly smiled to himself, everything had been a complete success, at least for him. As for other people, they could deal with the shame. He was meticulous, with small sympathy in his heart, he waited for the latest part of the day to fulfill his wishes and desires, so there would be less shame. Once the night was reached, he was not afraid to fulfill his temptation.

Brooks stared across the large boring office space in hopes of finding the perfect target. A large portion of his selection was rooted in unsurity of his own technology. In short, the tech is a consumable nanobot that when triggered, expels incredibly fast-acting diuretic. By dose, Brooks can quickly increase the filling of the person's bladder. The technology was named by Brooks as Burst-Bot, and to have every single person in the office ingest it, he snuck individual nanobots into every cup next to the coffee machine and water machine.

Burst-Bot had been a massive success, according to his data, every single person in the building except for Brook had drunk at least one. A few unfortunate people had drank two, which simply meant that Brook had to cut the bladder fill by half to increase the same effect.

But he needed to test it, so he stared across the room, looking for one person to inflict his misery on. If it were to fail, it would give no results, but there was no chance of fatality or injury. With this in mind, Brooks wasn’t afraid when he caught a glimpse at a tall Chinese-American girl in an expensive dress. He stared down at the list of interns and one name matched the face. Caia Hoo.

Caia was far away, but there were signs that Caia was in need of the bathroom. Her knees were a bit shaky, her cheeks very blushy, and her lips were constantly bit. Brook wanted to test the fill, not the burst, so there was no use for someone with an already bursting bladder. Meanwhile, a person with an empty bladder would see through his tricks. Caia was in the perfect middle, desperate enough while still having a far way to go. He walked out of his office and approached the cubicle that Caia was located.

Caia was sitting down on a stool working paperwork as Brooks approached, she was paired with an older man, Mr. Bentley. Brooks slowly approached, his hands shaking in nervousness.

“How has your day been Mr. Bentley.” Brooks started the conversation, the older man looked up with tired eyes. Caia also looked up with surprised eyes, she had never had conversation with him before.

“Same as always, get in, get out.”

“That’s nice. I was wondering if I could have a word in my office with your intern, Ms. Hoo.” Caia looked up in wonder. “By the way, Ms. Hoo, I am Mr. Brooks.” He outstretched his hand to her, and she gleefully accepted it.

“You can take her.” Mr. Bentley shoved her aside.

“Alright. Please follow me.” She stood up and followed Brooks back to his office. He took a seat and she still stood. All the while Brooks glanced down on her phone.

62%-

...Fill--

...Burst--

Her bladder was 62% full, a perfect size. He tapped the phone.

...Fill--

Filling reached the next increment of 10%, making it 70%.

“Ms. Hoo, I must say, your work as an intern so far has been truly wonderful.”

“Really.”

“Yes, you have been commended and already respected in the field.”

Caia smiled and nodded. She felt a small tang in her bladder, of which she attributed to nerves.

“Thank you, sir.”

70% was reached, once again Brooks tapped the screen.

### Fill--

“Because of this, I was wondering if I could make an offer regarding your position as an intern.”

“Yes.” Caia by now had noticed a definite strain. Are my nerves that bad, Caia thought to herself, she shook at the knee.

“I am planning on having group projects for interns, and was wondering if you could be one of the leaders for a group.”

“Of course, sir!” Caia was breathing hard and shaking. She felt as if her bladder was truly pushing outwards. Caia nervously crossed her legs, hoping that whatever odd pain her bladder was going through, it wouldn’t continue.

“Yes. Your team shall be with Ms. Schmidt, Ms. Kekoa, Mr. Goldschmidt, and Ms. Moringham and yourself.”

### Fill--

Brooks stared into the scared eyes of Caia, he could tell it was working. She had begun dancing uncontrollably. Inside Caia's head it was a mess. She felt even more strain, almost never having to pee this badly. Was she going to explode, what was going on?

“Yeahhh.” Caia gave out a moan.

“Are you okay, Ms. Hoo.”

“AuhhYes, yes, yes.” Brooks smiled and tried to ignore the moans. Inside his mind was bursting in happiness, it was working.

“Well, I hope that you are okay with the new responsibilities.”

Brooks tapped on the screen one more time. When a bladder reached 100%, he figures that the pain would be unbearable.

### Fill--

“Could we talk another time.” Caia muttered. She stood completely bent over, her hands pushing down on her womanhood. With this, she also bent her knees up and down.

“What is wrong.”

“I... I have to use the bathroom!” Caia screamed out. “RIGHT NOW!”

“Alright, I’ll see you next week.”

Caia ran out, her hand covering herself. She broke into a full-out sprint, spurts of pee dripping down her legs. Brooks watched carefully until Caia was out of sight, approaching the bathroom.

Disappointing, Brooks thought to himself, I wanted to see her lose control, if that was truly the case, Brooks could have pressed burst, which triggers the full release of the capsule, meaning a complete shift to 100%. Brooks was able to test that as well on two other plucky interns making their way from work to their homes. The two interns turned out to be Ms. Moringham and Ms. Schmidt. Brooks watched from behind an alley at the result, a brutal fall from control to a lack of control. Maybe a bit too far, as they looked at each other, confused by just what exactly made them lose control. Then there was Ms. Kekoa, who approached a little too quickly after doing the deed. Brooks left in slight embarrassment, jogging to his car.

Be more careful, Brooks thought. He had been careless and that could've been destructive towards him. He promised that he would never use Burst-Bot at work again. Of course he knew that it wouldn’t work, the desire to do it again already grew.

###

Missy only took a few more steps before seeing her friends Kathleen and Darian walking ahead, trudging slowly with their heads down and knees weak. She caught up with them, noticing a sense of sadness from their behavior. It was true, both Darian and Kathleen were flustered, embarrassed, Darian even giving a few tears.

“Hey!” Missy spoke with a sympathetic tone. “What’s up.”

“Hey.” Kathleen whispered, by the puddle that she had to step through she figured the problem. That type of day, Missy thought, pee here, pee there, pee everywhere.

“Are you guys okay?” Missy would have rathered not talk more about urination, since she almost exploded and saw the results of Caia exploding, and now her other two friends.

“Yeah. We just. I don’t know!” Darian stuttered, failing to make a coherent thought.

“We’ll talk about it at the apartment.” Something was wrong, Missy could feel it, just like something was wrong with Caia.

“Did you guys…”

“YES!” Darian screamed out, she sounded angry and belligerent, stopping Missy mid-thought. “Sorry.” Her voice cracked, Missy giving a solemn stare.

“It was weird, both of us at the same time. Like a cramping.”

“In the bladder, I’m sorry to hear that.”

“It really hurt.” Darian claimed.

“What do you think caused it?”

“I don’t know.”

“I don’t know, it’s weird.”

“You’ll guys will be fine.” Missy claimed, moving ahead of them. “Come to my apartment afterwards, I’ll make you guys some hot cocoa and everything.”

“Sure.”

“Sure.”

The conversation ended, and the group remained quiet until they reached the highest floor of the contemporary apartment complex that all the interns was located. Missy had pulled out coats for Kathleen and Darian, warming them up as she heated a pot of water.

“It is funny. Well not funny, but strange. As I was in the bathroom Caia came in and she also had a… uh…. an accident.”

“Really?” Kathleen muttered, all energy in her body was taken away from the shameful experience from earlier.

“I wonder if whatever happened to you also happened to Caia, and I guess me. What did it feel like?”

Darian spoke in between sips of cocoa.

“It started like a stinging pain, no pressure, just a pain. Since it came from there I figured it was a spurt of agony. I was able to control it, then suddenly I felt the weight of water increase, it was rapidly filling. After that, it began to cramp, spurts of cramping over and over again like my bladder was filling to fast for the muscle to expand. I fell to the ground in confusion, then I looked at Kathleen and she was also falling on the ground. She let go immediately but I tried to hold, but the cramps got worse and worse. Soon I was squirming on the ground, worse than i had ever felt. I had no choice but to let go.”

“Jesus.”

“Yeah. It felt horrible.”

“I’ve never heard of anything like it.”

“The weird thing was that we were just commenting on another girl needing to pee, and then suddenly I felt my bladder more attentive. Darian began holding herself, I stared at her in confusion and then I started to feel the pain. I fell to my knees and almost immediately lost control.”

“Look, I know it's weird.” Missy talked, sitting down with her own glass of cocoa. “I’m sure there is some sort of explanation for it, for now, it’s okay. No one saw you, no one has to know. Alright.”

Darian and Kathleen nodded and Missy smiled.

Knock Knock Knock. There was a banging on the door, Missy looked up, confused. “Let me get that.” She walked over to the door and opened it.

It was Caia.

“We have a problem.”

Missy stared at Caia with confused eyes.

“What is it?”

Caia pulled up her hand, holding a small silicone tube between her pinkie and her thumb. “A nanobot.”

*034*2015-12-18 05:51

Sorry for the wait, finals are not fun.

There'll be a new chapter by Sunday, I promise.

*039*2015-12-21 02:48

Chapter 6:

Katie Lewis-Daniels had forgot to turn her alarm off for the Saturday morning, it rang at 7:00 in the morning, waking up confused Katie and a groggy Krisha McQuerris. Katie peered over to the loud rings and spotted her small alarm clock, giving a rough sigh.

"Oh.... I'm sorry." Katie stood up in her nudity and gave quick strides to the alarm clock, searching the device for a button.

"It's okay." Krisha whispered, she was on the other side of the large bed, her eyes still closed, her body shifting around the sheets in perennial comfort. On her face revealed a meek smile, resting over her head, which now did not feature glasses and hair that was in a fritz. Katie smiled as she put a new pair of panties, bras to follow. She was not afraid to show her body, but it was offly cold in the small apartment.

She popped up her phone, revealing two messages, one from Melissa giving her safe travels back from the club. She should probably check on Melissa, Katie thought, I wonder if she held it. The other one was from Missy, which simply read... "Can we meet tomorrow, we really need to talk." Big words, Katie smiled at the claim, but figured that her desperation to reach her had some sort of reason. She texted back, "Sure, what time?"

"Are you not coming back to bed?" Krisha spoke, her eyes still closed. Katie looked at her with a smile.

"Don't worry, I'm coming." Katie approached Krisha's side of the bed, crawling on top of her until she reached her lips with her own. She gently kissed her from the top position. "Good morning, baby." It was fair to claim that Katie had taken a liking to Krisha during the night. She had taken her home in a hurry, and shamelessly, jumped into a large segment of sex that left both of them exhausted to sleep. As for the gender of her partner, Katie had always been curious, but being single for so long made it silly to refuse any option.

Katie slid back to her side of the bed, Krisha's hand approaching on Katie's shoulder, the heat of her body warmed Katie so much that Katie gently slid back into her embrace. For a second, everything was absolutely wonderful.

Knock, Knock, Knock!

And then it wasn't, Katie looked up to the new noise. Krisha was more worried, she stared at Katie with worried and large eyes.

"Oh crap. Who is that?" Krisha asked as she slid out of the bed, pulling yesterday's party dress on her body.

"I don't know." Katie was doing the same, she pulled up a pair of jeans on her legs and slid a t-shirt down on her body. This was not very typical for Katie, she almost never got guests at her apartment. Maybe she delivered something? Maybe she had made plans? She did not know.

"Should I leave?" Katie looked back at Krisha, whose face was as red as a cherry and pacing back and forth.

"Only if it is my parents."

"Is that a possibility?"

"No."

"Are you sure?"

"

"Yes. Don't worry, Krisha." There was another set of knocking. Katie screamed back at whoever was at the door. "HEY! IM COMING." The knocking stopped and Katie briskly walked to the door, pulling on the few locks until she pulled the door all the way.

"Missy?" She was standing there, dressed in plaid pajamas and a t-shirt. She looked like a mess, her hair moving in all sorts of directions, her eyes had bags under them, and her posture was weak. "Did you sleep?"

"Not really, we need to talk." Katie looked behind her to Krisha staring at the conversation with worried eyes. Katie gave a slight thumbs up to her and her tension dropped.

"Yeah, but did it have to be so early?"

"It really couldn't wait."

"Really. I can't wait."

"Can I come in?" Katie shrugged her shoulders and pulled the doors open, Missy walked into the apartment mostly looking at Krisha, who stared back.

"Missy, this is my girlfriend, Krisha. Krisha, this is my intern, Missy."

"Hi."

"Hi." Missy grabbed a seat at Katie's small table, while the owner of the house opened a few cabinets in her kitchen.

"Do you want coffee, Missy? You look like you need it."

"I don't drink coffee, sorry." Missy shrugged as she tried to keeper her head above the table.

"You, Krisha?"

"Yeah... Sure." Katie began making two servings of coffee.

"So, what's up?" Katie looked at Missy, who stared back.

"I think I may have discovered something rather, well, personal around the office." Missy squirmed in her seat, not out of desperation, but out of nerves. Her phrases barely came out of her throat.

"What do you mean, personal?"

"Personal, as in, I'd like to have this conversation between just the two of us."

"Fair enough." Katie looked at Krisha. "Krisha, go take a shower, my bathroom is hooked only to my card so you can enter."

"Cool, thanks." Krisha walked towards the bathroom. "Nice meeting you, Missy." Missy nodded and Krisha left.

"I didn't know you were a... Uh..."

"Lesbian, yeah. Crazy discoveries happen when you're drunk." Katie pulled out a mug of coffee and sat down. "What is happening Missy?"

Missy took a deep breath and spoke. "Somebody in the office is using microchips to get people deperate in the office, like, needing to pee. It happened to a bunch of friends and it might have happened to me.

"Really, that sounds sucky."

"More than sucky. Some of my friends, other interns, they had accidents in the street because they were attacked by this person. They could have been arrested for that."

"Yeah, more than sucky. Now, how do you know this to be true?"

"One of my friends found one of the microchips in her..." Missy stopped out of embarrassment.

"Panties?"

"Yeah."

Katie looked down, slightly mortified. "I'm sorry this happened to you guys, obviously it is horrible and I will definitely bring it up with HR and management if you are not willing..."

"That's the problem." Katie looked at her confused. "We think that the person doing this is in management."

"Who?"

"Mr. Brooks." Katie look of sorriness turned to a look of worry.

"I can't help you." Katie stood up, peering outside her large window.

"What!?" Missy stood up and followed her.

"I can't help you, James Brooks is my boss. I'm not going to lose my job because I made some broad allegations against a man that I have been partners with for five years."

"That's the problem, he has enough power that he can get away with it."

"Look, we work at a law firm, you can literally go to any person in an expensive suit and they can help you. You are not going get help from a normal woman who works 9-5 as a secretary. Especially not one that fears what your lawsuit will do to my career."

"I can't believe this, you are not going to help us?"

"You'll be fine. Look, if you are really, really sure. Present the evidence to Brooks, blackmail him even, but don't get me involved." Missy stared at Katie with hateful eyes, before shaking her head and beginning to walk out."

"I thought you were better than this." Missy avoided eye contact as she gathered her phone from the table.

"I did one good deed for you, Missy, and I do care. But I am not willing to put my career on my line for a couple of interns. All I can say is, be careful."

Missy shook her head and left the room in the hurry. She avoided eye contact so Katie wouldn't see the tears, tears from the fear of being completely alone against the madman who was tormenting her and her friends. All night she stayed in bed in horror that she was going to be attacked, she couldn't sleep, every ping from her bladder troubled her, and as it reached fullness she had an uncertain horror of feeling the sweeping pain that the Burst-Bot could create. Every time she would stand next to her bathroom, look at the credits and reject her fullness, crossing her legs and approaching the bed again.

Now, at 8:00, she felt entirely entranced by her current desperation. She could easily give in right now, her legs were bent slightly inward, the stinging pain had become a throb. Yet, Missy had become used to her desperate state from her recent experiences that she took no mind of it, instead she ignored the nearby toilets and headed back to her room. In there she changed into true clothing, a grey mini-dress with a matching vest. She had made her mind, if Katie wasn't willing to help, then she would have to fight by herself.

The first step, finding out where the Burst-Bots were coming from.

*043*2015-12-26 18:29

Chapter 8

Senator Sofia Hill could not believe her eyes. She could believe her surroundings, the face that she stood at a large wooden fixture that served as a desk, filled to the brim with papers and files relating to her current positions. She could also believe her situation, around the table stood a large crowd of old men, all in suits and ties and a possessive demeanor. They all spoke over each other, but silenced the moment that Sofia would move. It was a certain power in situations like these that Sofia thrived for, but was used to.

She could also believe the words she was hearing, standard compliments on her advancements. Sofia had been the leader in the recent delegation to enact Implementation of Taxation of Water Usage (ITWU) which was called by by the commoners as the Piss Tax. Sofia was the one that came up with the language, she was the one that commandeered the ship that led to its enacting. The men in the room wished for her power, her ability to create laws, to get what she wanted.

No, what Sofia couldn’t believed was what she saw in the corner of her eye. Past all of the boring old men stood her only daughter, Marcy, dressed in dapper attire, bursting for the toilet. She tried not to notice the shameful activity, her leaning against the wall in a floral dress, slightly kneeling down, her head down, posture ruined. If it wasn’t for the company around her, she would scold her weak daughter immediately. Yet, she couldn’t, there were too many people around.

Sofia did not enjoy bringing Marcy to her workplace, but viewed it as necessity for her success. She was merely 18 years old, already accepted into Yale (4.0 GPA, and a good name), whose success seemed inevitable. Yet, Sofia saw a failure in her daughter. A girl who could not even control her needs had no possibility to control her surroundings. Things like that must be taught, must be brutally enforced. That’s why Marcy has not been allowed to use a toilet for 24 hours at this point, Sofia reaching for 30. That type of training was necessary for strength, especially in the common world.

“I thank all of you men for coming, but I must return to my work.” Sofia bid farewell to the men, who slowly moved away, speaking farewells to the smiling Sofia, her eyes watching the crowd with a small smile until the door is closed.

“Marcela!” Sofia screamed just as the door closed, her anger piercing through her voice. She looked over to her daughter, she looked over, tears in her eyes, barely showing through her tense expression. “You are shaming me in front of all those powerful people!”

“Mom, please!” Marcy begged, she moved away from the wall, her hands still perched harshly on her crotch. “This is not normal, people aren’t supposed to hold this much. I have to pee, please let me.” Marcy began to give small cries, and Sofia shook her head.

“You are a not a normal person!” Sofia whipped back. “You are going to be a world leader, not a commoner, but you have to be strong like one.” Marcy fell into a seat and gave a strong moan, leaning forward so she did not lose control. “Now, you must learn to hold yourself, become strong, while at the same time you cannot show it.”

“Mom, I can’t!”

“Do you see me complaining?” Sofia stood up, she felt the pressure of a titanically large bladder pushing down. Her body wanted nothing more than let go of the 24 hour hold she had endured, pushing down on her work dress. But she did not show it, did not make a gesture. Tonight she was going to go to a party, a presidential dinner where there was going to be plenty of wine being handed out. She was going to hold through that, maybe do some work afterwards. When she got home, maybe she’ll relieve herself at home, 40 hours in. Maybe she’ll wait till morning if she is very tired.

“Besides.” Sofia spoke, walking over to the other side to comfort her poor daughter. “You don’t wish to ruin the dress you are wearing.”

“I won’t if you let me pee!”

“You are not peeing until 6:00, you hear me! If you lose control, then you can’t use the bathroom for 30 hours then.”

“And what happens if I get to 30 hours.”

“You relieve yourself and you start holding for 35.” Marcy wiggled her hips in the chair, in the sudden pain that the torture will never end.

“And we do that forever?”

“Yes.”

“But, I don’t want to be in pain.”

“No, soon you will feel no pain.”

“But Mom! It hurts so bad!” Marcy cried, for a brief second a motherly compassion moved over Sofia. It stung to see her daughter in such agony, she was clinging to the edges of her dress, knocking her knees up and down and giving wails of pain as she tried to not lose control of her overflowed bladder. But, like her own complex, it sifted away back into her need for power.

“Marcy, we are ladies. We don’t get the same advantages that men do. Men think women are weak, and they control the world. So tell me how women are to get ahead. Through luck, no, through power and strength and will.” Sofia could tell that Marcy wasn’t even listening, she leaned backwards in her chair and gave a hollowing yell. “Marcella, listen to me.”

“I… I’m losing control!” She bellowed, and Sofia just stood there with grim eyes, as if she failed herself. Marcy shifted every joint in her body, moving with constant motion so that she doesn’t break down and lose control. But, it was fairly pointless, 24 hours of constantly holding had worn down the girl, the pressure pushing down with incredible strength.

“Stand up.” Sofia ordered, Marcy looked down and followed her mother's lead. She stood up, her hands immediately clenching her self, her legs locked into each other so she held a tight pose. “We are going out, so get ready to leave.”

“Mom, if I’m out in public…”

“Then if you lose control people would see you, damaging your own reputation. If you want to have power you can’t have something as embarrassing as an adult lady not being able to hold her own urine, right?” Marcy danced around, the knee-length skirt rising with every shift, ever pull, every dance.

“Mom, please let me use the toilet.”

“NO!” Sofia screamed back. “You will hold it light a big girl, alright? Now, come on, let’s go outside and learn how to control yourself.”

Marcy could feel the inevitable doom of her situation, she lowered her eyes and walked out of the room.

###

THE PEE-PRESIDENT

PRESIDENT HOPEFUL SOFIA HILL’S DAUGHTER HAS ACCIDENT!

Missy and Caia stared at the newspaper rack near the office. It was a saturday, but a little extra work was necessary for what they had to do. They stood in office clothes, Caia in a longer black dress and Missy in a short grey suit. It was the unfortunate tabloid incident that caught the eye of Missy, the sad story of Marcy Hill, who found herself with a too-full bladder in the middle of the white house.

“Poor girl.” Caia exclaimed, her sympathy coming through.

“Yeah.” Missy responded, the thought of the girl losing control did a little work on her own bladder, she shifted in her clothes, hoping no one notices. It was something that Missy truly wished for, to let go of her full bladder, but her credit depository still read zero. It read zero, therefore, no money, therefore, no bathroom for her. She could always ask Caia, whose rich family would give her money no matter what, but it was embarrassing. Instead, she held it in, knowing that she would get relief soon enough.

“Isn’t is weird that recently, everything’s been piss related.” Caia squandered. “Like, everything is happening at once, two days ago I didn’t give a damn about peeing, and now it’s like the only thing I talk about.”

“I guess it is a little strange.”

“Speaking of which.” Caia veered the conversation and approached the nearby toilets. “I gotta piss really bad. How ‘bout you.” Caia held the door open, she could probably tell that Missy was badly needing a piss, but her pride rejected the notion.

“I’m good.” Missy waved back, Caia gave a light smile and entered the bathroom without Missy. Missy was regretting her pride, she squirmed around in her work dress, the bathroom was right there and she didn’t want to come close to losing control two days in a row. It didn’t matter, though, as Caia immediately came back out.

“It’s out of order. Damn it, I just wasted credits. Let’s go, the toilets will work at the office.” Missy nodded and walked with Caia, she could now tell that Caia had a serious need as well, her legs were stiff and she walked with a shakyness to her posture that showed that she was uncomfortable.

Yet, both girls could manage, as neither was going to be wetting anytime soon.

*047*2016-01-07 06:37

Yeah, sorry. I've been on vacation so I haven't gotten much time to write. I'll release the next chapter in 2-3 days or so. Thanks.

