Close Encounters of Another Kind

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-01-23 06:15

(Note: right now, with my other fiction, i've run into writer's block, trying to figure out how to effectively fix the holes. that doesn't mean I gave up! but for now, ill be busy on this fiction in hopes that it will give me some creativity juice! enjoy, and feel free to leave any criticisms, i appreciate any and all feedback! pardon any grammar errors as well. im good at english, but not an expert though. I also hope having up multiple threads at the same time isn't annoying or against the rules, as it seems im the only one who is doing that. )

CHAPTER ONE: PURPLE FLASHES

No....please....don't do that.....it hurts....let me go.....please no......

The sound of the alarm ringing was loud enough to wake up Bethany, who woke up screaming from the shock. She quickly scrambled to collect herself and find the alarm under the papers and dirty plastic plates, knocking over a carton of fried rice, and shut it off. It was a windy night, so the motion sensors outside her house would be going off all night. She had fallen asleep on her desk.

Another nightmare again...

The stress of being an amateur conspiracy theorist was getting to her. The task of being ridiculed on online forums for her outrageous theories and fighting back against the "trolls" was a challenge for her ego. Because of her overreactions, she had naturally gotten overworked and angry. All this anger wasn't good for her, and was the result of her nightmares.

I need to get something to drink, I can't write like this.

Lately, she had gave up writing her 500-page "super big conspiracy glossary book" on topics like 9/11, Big Pharma, Chemtrails, etc. She sent her "master manuscript" to a big publishing firm. They rejected it, saying that they believed their audience "wouldn't be interested in opinionated and unsupported claims that quite frankly are anti-Semitic, anti-Masonic, anti-religious and largely bigoted and profit from tragedies, although we appreciate your interest in literature". Bethany freaked out about it, and was writing an angry e-mail in response.

Besides, Bethany had a new obsession: UFOs. Earlier in the week, she watched an episode of Ancient Aliens, and was instantly "disturbed" by how extraterrestrials had manipulated civilizations for thousands of years. Despite her limited insight into the topic, Bethany had already started on her unnamed project on aliens.

I'll go get a soda or something, I have to finish this...

Just as she got up from her seat, she felt a weird sensation.

Awww....shit....not again

Another effect of her recent "stress" and nightmares: she had wet herself in her sleep again. Bethany was ever the kind of person who was as hygienical as others. It's not like she doesn't shower or shave her legs or anything, she does take care of herself. She just happens to smell weird, and doesn't do much laundry. But it doesn't bug her. However, this new pants wetting thing did bug her.

She inspected the damage on her jeans. Her butt was soaked, and the wetness extended to the back of her thighs. Some streams did go down the rest of her pants, but not too much.

My favorite jeans too....

Feeling the shame and discomfort, Bethany took off her jeans, and headed to the bathroom. She felt the cold fabric of her boyshorts still bugging her though. Before taking her underwear off, she dried up her legs with a handtowel. She wasn't going to take a shower at 3 in the morning. After that, she washed her hands thoroughly. She opened the bathroom mirror to take our an aspirin for her minor headache, and swallowed it with a can of beer she had nearby. She washed her face with cold water too.

Bethany strained to look at herself in the mirror as the light bulbs were burned out, since last month. She looked as awake as ever with the cold water now snapping her back. She took the time to fix her hair. You could easyily assume that weird people arent generally attractive. But Bethany is surprisingly physically fit for a 23 year old, about 130 pounds, and 5'0". Her skin was soft and was angelic white, except for the upper part of her right arm which was tattooed. She had shoulder length blond hair, which was tied in a bun behind her head and had some messy bangs that fell on her face. She fixed them, but some of her hair fell back to cover her left eye. Always the left, I wonder why. She had bags under her eyes as a result of her lack of sleep.

Next to the bathroom was her bedroom. On her bed was a huge stack of dirty laundry. She added her wet jeans to the stack, and then her soaked panties, then her shirt that was soaked in sweat. She then dug through the pile of dirty clothes to find something to wear. A red tank top, a black sweater, a pair of light blue bikini panties and a pair of tight tan pants. They smelled like dried sweat, but Bethany knew the answer: she sprayed a cheap perfume all over herself.

Bethany went back to her desk. She had about a dozen or so computer monitors for research, work and for the security system she had outside her house. Before she sat down, she wiped off the seat with a toilet, and brushed the rice away with her foot. Just as she sat down, all the motion sensors went off at once. The loud sounds made her jump in the seat. She went to the master control to shut them off. She noticed on the video monitor that there was more wind than usually. The trees shook violently, and wind slammed into the windows of her home. All windows. Doesn't wind usually come from one direction?

Just then, the power in the house shut off. If there was one thing that Bethany had a mortal fear, second to Masons, was the dark. She stood in her seat frozen. Please come back on, please come on. Her fear of the dark was extremely irrational. It was just a natural thing for her. Bethany was willing to investigate the unknown, but not in the literal sense.

After a few minutes of sitting in the darkness, Bethany felt an intense shock. Energy suddenly shot up through her entire body. Her entire body was going into violent spasms, until she slouched down, onto the floor. She was in emotional shock. All she could do is move her eyes around frantically.

What is that, what is that, what did that???

And then all of a sudden, a bright source of light shone through all her windows. Light filled up the house, before it dimmed down. Even with the dim light, she could see the crotch of her jeans glisten, cascading down one of her thighs onto the floor. Am I wetting myself? I can't feel anything though, I'm stuck!

A bright purple light suddenly flashed. So far, Bethany felt her heartbeat skyrocket, but the flash made her skip a beat. It was as if somebody flashed a camera, only camera flashes weren't purple.

Am....I'm not alone here, am I? Wh-what.....

She would have screamed if she could even move her mouth. In the kitchen (her kitchen and living room were connect, her desk is in the living room) was a figure. Tall and skinny. What appeared to be the head was unusually large. The figure was eerily standing there.

All Bethany wanted to do was cry. She wasn't as confrontational in real life as she was online. Oh my god, oh god, someones here, they came to assassinate me or something!!!

Another flash of purple light, and the figure seemed to have "teleported" closer to her. And another, and a fourth flash.

Bethany felt that she could make some noise in her throat, but not in her mouth. She was trying her best to scream out "Help", but only managed to let out a weird "hhhhhh" noise, as the only thing that came out her mouth was saliva.

I'm going to die tonight, oh god, please no, I don't deserve to die.....

A final purple flash, and the figure was only a foot or so away from Bethany. She heard a strange noise, like the sound of television static. She felt very cold all of a sudden.

Is....am....is this what death is like? I'm very cold, so am I dead?

And with that, she faded into unconsciousness.

*004*2015-01-25 06:36

CHAPTER 2:

For the first time in a while, Bethany could finally sleep well enough. She was dreaming, instead of having another one of her recent nightmares. A soothing dream of her being in the forest, just as when she had been younger. Her love for nature led to her activism against things like nuclear bombs and pollution, which eventually led to what she is today. After all the negativity shes encountered, it was nice to have a good dream. Sadly, just as she passed out, she woke up.

Bethany found herself in a cold room. She was laying down, face up. She could see some sort of lamp that was above her. The light was a deep blue, which made her pale white skin glow. Fluorescent light, I think?

Bethany tried to get up, but found something troubling. She was restrained down to the metallic surface she was on. There were metal cuffs on her wrists, armpits, neck, ankles, above her knees and right below her breasts. They were tight enough to prevent her from even struggling physically. Wha....I-I'm being held down!!

She didn't want to scream, as she wasn't willing to find out what would happen if her captors knew she came back to consciousness. Don't panic....don't panic.... Even if she could scream hysterically like she wanted to, she instead broke into soft sobs and whimpering. She was scared and cold. She tried her best not to imagine what could be in store for her.

She could only turn her head around helplessly, and with limits as her neck was held down as well. She started to note details of the room better. Completely lit up by the blue light, although she could see it was like being inside of a plain cube. The only detailed things were tanks of some sort of fluid lined up on the walls. There were hoses the extended from each tank. The hoses went down to the floor, where Bethany could no longer see.

All of a sudden, an alarm started to blast from somewhere. Bethany jumped in surprise. Then, she heard noise on the side of the table (she assumed) she was on. What she noticed were four robotic arms coming up, and some sort of an orb thing. The orb thing was coming up from above her. It was a large black orb, connected to a thin metal rod.

The orb started to make noise. It was like a voice saying something unintelligible. Bethany assumed it was some sort of way to communicate something to her.

"I...I...d-don't understand! Leave me alone, please! W-what do you want from me, just let me go!!"

The orb stopped making noise. Did it understand me? What was it saying?

A thought then hit Bethany.

A-are these extraterrestrials? Is that why the room looks weird?? Wh...wha-

The robotic arms then started moving. Two of them towards her head, one, reached down the table, and the other hovered over her body.

One of the two hands grabbed her head, as she started to frantically move her head. The other went for her mouth. She realized that, and did her best to shut her mouth, whimpering for mercy along the way. The third hand came back up, and had some sort of odd object. It was like a pacifier. Some sort of plug with a hole in the middle. The robotic arm brought the object close to her mouth. It gave Bethany a bad feeling, and that she should try even more harder to keep her mouth shut. The two robotic hands kept alternating between holding her head still, and opening her mouth by force. She noticed the hand above her formed a fist. It then slammed into Bethany's stomach. She shouted out in pain, and the robotic arm took advantage and stuffed the plug in her mouth.

Now three hands were holding on to her head. Two holding her head still, and the third adjusting the plug in her mouth. Bethany could only managed to sob and try to beg.

"Ahhhh, nahhh, pleath nahhh! Nah dant dath pleath!!! Ah bahhing uh pleath!!!!"

The fourth hand came out with a tube. The same tube that came from the tanks of weird liquid. The hand connected the tube into the mouthplug. Now all Bethany could do is cry out muffled pleads. And just as fast as the tube was adjusted, it started pumping the liquid down Bethany's throat. The taste was surprisingly OK. It was extremely sweet, with a sour taste. Like raspberries, kind of. The flow of sweet fluid didn't stop. She eyes stung with tears. She was helpless, as she had no choice but to swallow as much liquid as was forced into her.

The tube stopped pumping, and she took this moment to start coughing in urgency. The robotic arms let go of her, as the tube was already adjusted onto her pacifier. She kept trying to sound out muffled pleads and cries, until all of a sudden, she felt a sharp sting on her abdomen. A needle was sticking into her abdomen, and was injecting some sort of hot fluid into her bladder area. Bethany cried out in pain. She was panicking, and trying in vain to struggle against the strong restrains. The needle dug out. Bethany started to breathe heavily in relief, now that the stinging stopped. But as soon as the needle was taken out, she felt funny.

Her stomach began to rumble loudly. She felt her body spasm against the restraints. Her felt a cramp tie up her abdomen. Through the pacifier, she made muffled moans and groans.

Without a second to warn her, Bethany suddenly felt her bladder spike out. A few violent spasms brought tears to her eyes. She felt some sort of urgency, and then realized the effects of the strange raspberry liquid.

W-what, what's going on, I need to pee!!

*006*2015-01-26 04:18

CHAPTER 3: NO OTHER CHOICE

The desperation was getting more and more worse. The liquid seemed to have caused this. Either that or the injection.

Bethany tried her best to put up a struggle. She tried to squirm in her extremely tight restraints. It was no use though.

Oh God.....I reaaallly need to go!!!

Bethany tried one last time to forcefully move around. Even like that, it wasn't effective. She stopped trying, and just relaxed her body.

"Pleath, et e gah!!! I raleh ne tah paa!! Pleath!!"

The orb only "stared" back with a presence of indifference. It was as if Bethany's captors were observing her. Surely they wouldn't go through all that trouble just to make her desperate for the restroom. If that's even their goal. But why?

Bethany felt as if her bladder was about to physically burst open. It hurt beyond imagination. She drank not even a few minutes ago, but it felt as if she'd ben holding her bladder for days. The burning and stinging brought her tears from the last few spasms out. Her tried to scream in protest, but to no use.

"Pleath....I gahan tah paa e panth...."

Bethany started to sob. Just when she thought it couldn't get worst, she heard some sort of noise. The noise of a waterfall. It was coming from all around the room. A stereo system? What?

Whatever it was, it was for the psychologic effect. It made the already challenging task of keeping her pants dry even more intense.

Bethany felt like she was going to throw up. She could only grunt, whimper and moan.

She felt a growing wetness in her private area, going across her panties.

"Ahhh!!! Pleath!!! I'm wehnan mesaa!!!"

The spurting temporarily stopped. Bethany felt her panties were soaked. It was even more uncomfortable, as she couldn't move at all, letting the moisture begin to start itching. Even worse, it did nothing to relieve her. Not even a little. She sadly knew that her bladder only let out less than a fraction. She had to hold. I cant let these fuckers get the thrill of watching me piss myself, I cant!!

Bethany used all her remaining energy and willpower to least hold for a little bit longer. She came to realize she was going to wet herself, without a doubt. But at least she was going to send a statement: she had enough dignity to fight a fight that was futile.

She was beginning to hyperventilate. Her back and armpits were saturated in sweat. She balled her fists tightly.

Suddenly, one of the robot arms also balled itself into a fist, and slammed onto Bethany's stomach.

"AHHHH!!! PLEATH NAH, DANT HAT E, STAP STAP!!!"

The pain broke her down. Bethany was beyond desperation, and felt like she was going to die. The pain was at an all-time extreme. She has felt pain before. Toes stubbed on table legs, touching the stove by accident, paper cuts, tongue bites. But nothing compared to her pain in her stomach and bladder.

She could no longer do it.

Bethany broke down into soft sobbing and whining. She had no more energy. That, along with the pain.

I'm wetting my pants...this is so disgusting.....

She felt a warm wetness rapidly spread through her pants. She was laying down, so the puddle didn't discriminate: it went all over. Her puddle of pee travelled all the way to her knee pits (the indent on the back of the leg, that's what google calls it). The other side of the puddle went upwards, soaking her lower back. The puddle had reached her hands, and wet the sleeve of her sweater.

"Thaar...I et mesa....pleath...et e gah...."

Bethany snuffled in relief. The sharp pain became more achy. But at least she didn't feel like she was about to burst. She laid there, breathing heavily. The humiliation wasn't as bad. It wasn't an accident really, more like she was forced to wet herself. She had no other choice, what else could she do?

It's OK....I d-did my best to hold it in as much as possible...I shouldn't cry....

The puddle quickly became cold, with the temperature of the room. She felt uncomfortable itchiness, and the coldness made her thighs and butt feel clammy.

Then all of a sudden, the tube that was connected to her pacifier began to move around a whole bunch.

Bethany started to scream in protest as soon as more of the raspberry fluid was pumped forcibly down her throat again.

*008*2015-01-28 07:34

CHAPTER 4: SURRENDER

Bethany could only sob brokenly, as the fluid was preventing her from making any sort of protest. She moaned and choked up a little bit. The fluid stopped flowing, and she began to wail.

"Pleath et e gah, pleath!!"

Bethany then groaned in pain as she felt her bladder immediately fill up. Her bladder already was aching badly from the last struggle, and now it began to cramp up with the refill of urine.

This realization caused Bethany to sob even harder. Her clothes were already wet from her first accident. Despite that, she still knew that she had to put up a fight, even though her clothes were wet and that she knew her captors wouldn't allow her to make it to a bathroom. It is only natural for her to maintain a little bit of dignity.

The strain on her bladder, mixed with the fast-cooling puddle of urine under her, made her plight worse than the previous. She tried to squirm yet again under her tight restraints. She began to desperately whimper, and begged her captors.

"Pleath, ah do annathan, danth do des do e"

One thing she did realize in the middle of her begging. There was a noise coming from her right, like a straw sucking up fluid. She turned her head and eyes to see a smaller, straight tube on the table. It was sucking up the puddle of urine from the table.

Why are they cleaning up the puddle but not me?

Bethany panicked when she saw the robotic arm hovering over her, balled into a fist. She knew what this meant, and quickly started to scream in mercy.

"Nah, nah, pleath, I naw what eu want, all do it, danth hurd e pleath!!"

With that, Bethany voluntarily let go of her bladder, as she knew the point of the arm punching her was to force her to have an accident anyways. She decided the humiliation was the better option opposed to the pain. She began to sob again as the pee warmed her up again. Again, she peed a whole lot. With her jeans already drenched and at its maximum absorption, the urine made its way up Bethany's sweater and shirt. The bottom half was soaked too, so it travelled a little upwards to her shoulder-blades area, making her more uncomfortable.

The robotic arm still punched her with crushing force, forcing the wind out of her mouth. Bethany understood at that very moment that no matter what, the robotic arm was programmed to force the urine out of her, with the assumption there would be resistance all the time. Bethany only groaned weakly with the mixture of relief and pain.

By now, despite all the fluid, she couldn't produce any more tears. She was soaked literally all over. Her armpits and face were soaked in sweat, while her back was soaked in urine. Bethany could only let out soft and dry sobs. She stopped in silence for a little bit. All her energy was wasted away. She waited a few moments to see if the fluid was going to come through the tubes. It was only two times, but the episode with the robotic arm convinced her otherwise.

Just as she predicted, the fluid was pumping itself down her throat yet again. Bethany put up no fight; she groaned, and then diligently swallowed the fluid. At least it tastes good.

Again, her bladder filled up. And again, she put up no fight. She urinated herself a third time. At this point, there was nothing left to wet but the very top of her sweater, which the third puddle fortunately didn't reach (although it was soaked in sweat). A few moments went by as she wet herself, and the same small straw was sucking up her puddle. She turned to see the puddle make its way into the straw, but the robotic fist slammed her again. She cried out in pain. But at that point, she noticed something.

Her captors are forcing her to urinate herself in order to "harvest" the urine. At least, it made some sense. But now the question was why? And exactly how long would they keep Bethany in this condition?

