Sora Omorashi Stroy

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2010-07-08 07:11

Alright, here's another attempt at an Omorashi story, this one I've been working on for about a week now. It starts out a little slow, so bear with me, here. The base pic will be attached to the story.

I tried to do something a little different with this one, first off, I actually used the character names. I hope you like it.

I would like to take this time to tell you that I'm not that obsessed with Digimon...thought this and my next story may tell you a little bit different.

Sora Takenouchi is a 16-year-old girl and one of the only two girls in her adventuring party in the digital world, this world has provided everyone in the group with special digital guardians and freedom from most stressors in the real world.

Of course, there is one downside to living in a virtual world: no bathrooms, and, for someone like Sora, this can provide some serious problems, especially when surrounded by mostly boys.

Sora woke up and got dressed, and immediately joined the guys in preparing for breakfast. She thought nothing of eating a normal meal and drinking an entire bottle of water.

After they had finished eating the group began to pack up. Sora quickly finished, then realized that she really needed to pee, as she had not yet the whole morning. She looked around, and the others were not done packing yet, so she walked off into the bushes to find a suitable spot outside of view of everyone.

When she finally did, Sora looked around quickly, to make sure no one could see, then she pulled down her pants, after messing with the stubborn zipper and squatted down.

Just as she was about to start peeing, she heard a banging noise from the forest in front of her. There was something big coming this way, she quickly pulled up her pants and ran back to camp, she could hold it, this was a more immediate danger.

Sora got back to camp and warned everyone that there was something coming. And, with recent battles, their Digimon were in their training state, and were in no condition to fight.

Everyone grabbed their gear and prepared to leave as the bangs got louder, something was coming this way. Then, they saw something in the forest, it appeared large and vicious, so the group quickly left. When it became apparent the beast was following them, they started running looking for a place to hide.

The running really did not feel good on Sora's bladder, but she couldn't worry about that at a time like this.

Finally, one of the guys found a cave that they could duck into. They ran in, and the beast walked past.

They decided they would walk through the cave to whatever it was they were looking for, since they were afraid to walk in the forest.

As they walked and calmed down, Sora became a lot more aware of her growing need to use the bathroom, made worse by the fact that a river ran through the cave next to where they were walking. The sight of running water, coupled by the echoing noise really made it harder for her to hold it.

Sora began looking around for a place that she could split off in order to go, but there was no visible break in the path, it seemed like the cave was just one straight path next to a river. Sora really needed to pee, but she did not want to let the boys see how bad it was. She tried to keep her composure, walking with her legs pressed close enough together to keep the urge under control, but trying not to make it look obvious.

They continued walking down this seemingly endless path for more than an hour. Sora had gotten used to the river, but this did not make it any easier to bear the pain from her bladder. Made even worse by the pressure from her tight pants.

While all Sora was able to think about was finding a suitable spot to go to the bathroom, everyone else seemed more focused on taking a break. The rest of the group decided to settle down at some place for a break.

The problem was, there was no place to sit but the ground, which seemed to be very wet for some reason. Sora sat down, the wetness gave her a jolt of pain from her bladder, not to mention the pressure caused on her bladder from the sitting position. Sora wanted nothing more than to stand up to help relieve the pressure, but she could not, fearing that the others would figure out about her desperate state. She was even afraid to cross her legs for this same reason. Of course, this meant that she just needed to suffer through the pain that she was feeling from her bladder.

The group decided to eat while they were settled. Sora was afraid to drink anything, but still took a water bottle and sipped at it, feeling refusing one would be suspicious. She then looked over as she heard Mimi, the only other girl in the group, refuse to take one. Sora had not even noticed this yet, but Mimi was shaking, it was pretty apparent that she had to pee too, possibly more than Sora did.

Sora tried to make it through the meal, though she wanted nothing more than to just stand up and relieve the pressure, but she didn't want to made it obvious that she had to go, and she felt paranoid that someone would notice.

Eventually she couldn't take it any longer, so she set down her food and then stood up, feeling the massive relief of pressure on her bladder, then volunteered to look ahead while the rest of them finished eating. Feeling like she could find a good place to use the bathroom, and maybe help out Mimi as well.

However, they refused to let her go off on her own, saying that she must wait around for someone else to finish eating. Sora really hoped that Mimi would be the first one to finish so they could both search for a place to go, but that was not to be.

In the mean time, Sora leaned up against the wall and tried to press together her legs as discreetly as possible. Partially to avoid being obvious, Sora grabbed her bottle of water and began sipping out of it again, she then looked down at it to see that she had drank more than half of it by now. She would probably feel that later, all the more reason to find a suitable place to use the bathroom soon!

Unfortunately, Tai was the first one to finish eating and decided to go ahead and go with Sora to explore ahead. That was not good, Sora was not about to admit to him that she needed to pee!

They began walking, Sora desperately trying to hide the fact that she was desperate to use the bathroom, she looked around for any turn or split in the path so that she could go off and find some place to pee, but there just didn't seem to be any.

Oddly enough, the river that ran through the cave just seemed to end in the middle of the path, but that was how the Digital world worked.

'Funny,' Sora thought, 'I would have expected at least a waterfall...Why did I have to think about that?' Now it seemed that was all Sora could think about was waterfalls and running water, her own mind turned against her in this desperate battle.

Sora was now searching more than before, walking in an awkward stance with her legs pressed together to help hold back the pee. But the cave never split off, it was just one straight path.

Finally, they saw a light at the end, and all Sora could think about was running out of the cave and finding some bushes or something so she could go. Tai insisted that they both return to the group and tell them about this. Sora grew embarrassed as she started to walk forward towards the exit, not realizing what he had said.

On the way back, Sora walked behind him as much as possible, pressing one hand into her crotch to help her hold it while they walked back, this trip seemed much longer the way back than it was towards, especially since Sora was no longer used to the sounds of the river.

They got the rest of the group and started walking the path again.

Sora looked over to Mimi, she was still very clearly desperate, it was plain enough on her face, plus she had her hands clasped together, pressing into her lap while she walked, and she was bent over slightly.

Sora walked back behind the rest of the group next to Mimi, somehow taking solace in the fact that she was walking next to someone else who was desperate.

The trip through the cave seemed even longer this time through, and Sora was really feeling all that water she drank, the hand pressing down on her crotch did not help anymore. She felt as if her bladder was about to explode.

Sora looked around to make sure no one was looking at her, then she moved her hand up and cautiously undid the button on her jeans.

The relief was so great that Sora let out a slight sigh, but that wasn't all that she let out. A spurt of urine also escaped at that time. Sora quickly pressed down her hand on her crotch again, feeling the slight wetness, but stopping any more from escaping.

After a few moments, she cautiously moved her hand, rubbing her lower abdomen to try and make it feel a little better.

Finally, the end of the tunnel was in sight, Sora slightly picked up her pace, but a shot of pain stopped that, Sora almost stopped walking for a second as she winced from the pain from her bladder.

After a while of walking, it began to feel colder, which did not help Sora's desperate condition, but she was so close to getting relief, or so she thought.

When they exited the cave, the group was almost blinded by a bright light, then they realized what it was.

Sora's heart sank and her bladder almost gave out as they realized that they were not in a forest like before, but they were in some kind of arctic wasteland, nothing in sight but snow and a few distant mountains.

Sora could hear Mimi groan at this sight as well, she was afraid Mimi was about to wet herself right there.

For some reason, Sora decided she needed to help Mimi out, so she turned to her and said, "Hey, don't worry, I have to go too, we'll-" She was cut short by another shot of pain from her bladder before completing the sentence, "We'll figure something out" She said in a slightly strained voice, with a little bit of a chuckle, which proved to be a mistake, as she chuckled, she could feel another spurt escape, causing Sora to bend over slightly.

As they kept walking, Sora and Mimi were desperately searching only to find out what they already knew, there was nothing around, no hiding spot, no bathrooms, nothing.

It was clear that Mimi was not going to hold out any longer, and Sora was not doing so well herself, they would have to figure something out soon or there was going to be a major problem later on. Sora pressed her legs together and grit her teeth, trying to endure the pain, she felt she would wet herself at any second, feeling the pain from every step she took.

Mimi, however, was not doing as well, she was leaned over, walking awkwardly, suggesting that her legs were pressed together under her dress, her hands were clasped together into her crotch, and her eyes were watering, she wasn't going to last another minute.

Finally the group stopped walking, which was really bad, they were just stalled in one place, leaving Sora and Mimi nothing to do but feel the increasing pressure on their bladders. Sora started twitching around, as much as she wanted to stop, she couldn't control herself, she just kept moving around in a slight 'pee dance' as she waited around.

Neither of them could pay attention or contribute to the conversation that the boys were having, they just stood back, hoping nobody would look at them in their desperate states.

Sora then stopped moving, but she could not move her hand or stand up straight, as Tai looked over at them. He said they were going to split up, because they were looking for two things in this place apparently.

'Wait, we're looking for something?' Sora thought, but she was unable to vocalize this, afraid to devote any energy to anything but holding her pee. she just tried her hardest to listen as they were told the groups they would be in.

Sora and Mimi were, luckily, put into the same group, but they were also forced to take along Matt and T.K.

They started walking in one direction while the others left them the other way. Sora looked at Mimi, her eyes were closed and tears were clearly visible on her face, as bad as Sora needed to go, it seemed Mimi had it worse.

All this time, Matt and T.K. seemed to be talking, but neither of them were able to pay any attention to that, T.K., the youngest member of the group, seemed to notice this, too, because he turned around and looked at both of the girls, which was quite awkward for the both of them, but he seemed completely oblivious to their desperation, made even more apparent when he actually asked "Hey, what's up with you two?"

Sora found this quite awkward of a situation, she just responded, after mustering up the strength to talk and hold it at the same time, "Oh, its nothing, we're fine, just...um..." She trailed off, embarrassed, looking to make something up to tell him.

Then Matt, T.K.'s older brother, cut in, "Just leave them alone, I'm sure its nothing."

Sora had no idea if he knew that she had to go and was trying to help her out, or if he was just being a typical older brother, telling his younger sibling to shut up. Either way, she was very thankful that he did.

Not too much longer, Mimi started to cry and she collapsed down on her knees. This drew attention from Matt and T.K.

Sora quickly tried to do something to help, "Hey, guys." She said, "Just go on ahead, we'll catch up!"

Matt then told T.K. to come along as they went ahead, he may not have had any idea of what was going on, but he was acquainted with girls that age, he did not want to get himself or his younger brother involved in their problems.

Sora then stood in front of Mimi, blocking her from view as Matt and T.K. walked away, she then turned around, it was clear what was happening.

A wet spot was forming on her dress. It seemed the pressure on her bladder had become too much for her to take.

Sora figured she would turn around and stand guard while Mimi finished letting it out. After Mimi realized Sora was standing guard, she must have stopped trying to hold it in, and she moved her hands, which seemed to be slightly wet from the pee that had soaked through her dress.

Sora leaned over and grit her teeth as she heard a sigh of relief from Mimi, this wrenched at her full bladder.

Mimi got up after a while and they started to walk back to the rest of the group, though Sora wanted to stop and get relief, she wanted to find a more suitable hiding place, rather than going out in the open.

Sora swore that she could hear the pee sloshing around as they ran to catch up with the boys, she had to stop several times along the way in order to regain control over the urge. Once, she even felt a few spurts escape and thought she was about to lose control and pee her pants right there.

Sora really wished that she had not passed up the opportunity to pee as they caught up with the boys, she was really desperate now. Sora was bent over slightly, she had both of her hands gripping her crotch, and her legs pressed together, not to mention the fact that she was now slightly twitching with just about every step. Sora had her eyes shut tight from the strain of holding it in, only looking up a few times to see where she was going.

Once, when Sora opened her eyes, she saw some various dead trees in the distance, they seemed very out of place in this arctic wasteland, but why question it?

Sora looked over, they would provide a slight bit of cover, but they were not going to be a good hiding spot. She thought for a while as they kept walking.

Finally, Sora decided, 'That's it, I cannot hold it any longer!' She then looked around and cut in awkwardly.

"H-h-hey, guys," She said, in and strained and quiet stutter, "I-uh...I have to-uh..." She stuttered, still debating over whether or not she should admit it to the guys.

Finally, a massive jolt of pain from her bladder gave her the answer, "I have to go to the bathroom!" She shouted before she even realized what she was saying. She blushed from the embarrassment that she had just declared that to the world, but at least she had said it. "So, look, I'll be right back." She added awkwardly

Sora then took off as fast as she could while still keeping control over her bladder, which was little more than a waddle, in the direction of the trees before anyone could say anything.

Sora whimpered a little as she walked, the distance was longer than she thought it was, but she was devoted to not wet herself.

Her bladder, however, had other ideas.

It seemed she was in a race, the closer she got to the trees, the closer she got to wetting her pants, she wasn't sure which one would come first.

As Sora got closer she decided she would start to work on her stubborn zipper, she felt as if she wouldn't make it otherwise.

That turned out to be a mistake, in order to unzip her pants, she would have to remove both her hand from her crotch.

Sora then realized something, she felt something strange. There was a growing wet sensation in her panties.

Sora then moved her hands and thrust them between her legs, but this didn't help out anymore, she couldn't stop it!

Sora had begun wetting her pants and there was nothing she could do, as desperately as she tried to stop it. Then, a dark spot appeared on her pants and began growing and the pee trickled down her legs and onto the ground, leaving a big, yellow circle in the snow.

As relieving as it felt to have her bladder empty, Sora really wished it didn't happen as it did.

Sora returned to the group to keep searching, hiding back as much as she could, hoping the boys wouldn't notice the wet spot, though they eventually did.

Of course, Sora had no choice but to walk around the rest of the day in those wet pants, the cold air of this area now became an annoyance for other reasons

