Daniel and Amy - Page 31

Author: Barry

*751*2017-05-11 12:29

I'm seeing Matt as being a bit overwhelmed by the whole thing. He's known Scott since they were little kids, and Scott's always had a bed wetting problem. Bed wetting isn't such an unusual thing to deal with if you grow up with someone it affects, but perhaps it becomes a bit more weird by the time you turn 14.

But Scotts never made a big deal about it. It's just his dirty little secret, and the guys just don't discuss it. It's like the elephant in the room, but they have always been able to just pretend it's not there.

Then, they met Dan. Bingo, another older bed wetter. One 14 year old bed wetter is unusual, 2 is getting weird.

Next, the whole scope of Dans problems come out. Not only is he a night wetter, but a diaper wearing day wetter as well. This leads to Scott actually confronting his own problems more openly, and suddenly it becomes a topic for conversation that is almost always being talked about.

Next is Amy. This pretty, hot, awesome girl who they all have at least a tiny crush on, and she ends up being even worse than Dan and Scott combined!

Poor Matt is suddenly surrounded by stuff that he's always felt uncomfortable about, but had been able to ignore, or pretend it didn't happen. Now, his best friend, his new friend, and his new friends hot girlfriend are all talking about stuff he feels uncomfortable about, especially with camp coming up. Seeing Dan have an accident was somewhat uncomfortable for Matt, but it seems like he's the only one who thinks it's weird, and it pisses him off.

Why can't it just be like it used to be, when stuff might happen, but they didn't have to talk about it all the damn time and pretend like it's normal?

Im hoping he comes around eventually. It'll be uncomfortable and possibly unpleasant if he doesn't.

But even I'm not sure.....

*753*2017-05-23 12:40

Sorry for the delay guys and girls. I've got a slight touch of writers block on this. It's not that I don't know where the story is going, just how to get there.

Since it started, I've covered virtually every aspect of "straight" wetting (and a little messing) that there is.

Clothes, swimsuits, pyjamas, underwear, school uniforms, sweatpants, jeans, shorts, diapers, pull ups, goodnights, in bed, on purpose, deliberate, in public, in private, at school, movies, shops, beaches, amusement parks, playgrounds, pools, the shower, standing up, sitting down, alone, together, and in groups, in cars and on buses.

I know where I want to take the story, but I'm starting to struggle with finding new scenarios that make it an omo story. I'm beginning to be at risk of repeating stuff in relation to the wetting content, and I don't want it to become boring.

Dont worry, I haven't given up on it yet, but I'm just struggling for some fresh ideas to breath some life into it. The guys and there stories are well established, and camp will throw in some guaranteed drama, but, as a whole, it needs a new kick.

Im working on it. I don't want to just start posting crap just for the sake of it though. This chapter feels a bit rushed and pointless.

Chapter 19:

"Wake up Danny! You don't want to be late. The bus is leaving at 8:30."

Dan had been fast asleep, but his mothers gentle shaking, and verbal instructions didn't allow him to stay that way.

It was D-Day. Or more precisely C-Day. Camp day.

This cool, late Autumn Monday morning was camp morning. It was 6:45am, and in less than 2 hours, young Danny boy would be shipped off to camp. Two whole nights away from home. A new record waiting to be set. The first hurdle, a sleepover, had been accomplished with Amy. The second hurdle, a sleepover with friends, had also been crossed off. But now, the stakes were raised. There would be over 90 boys on this trip, enough to fill three buses, and hiding a secret just got a whole lot harder, even given the pre planned accomodation. Three days and two nights of hiding your diapers can be tricky, especially amongst 90 adolescent boys. But Dan had no choice.

His bags were already packed, and he was pleased to discover he'd woken up dry, although if he had the choice, he would've quickly picked a month of bed wetting at home in exchange for the next two nights to be dry instead, he knew that choosing wasn't an option.

Dan hurried into his bathroom as soon as his mother had left, and did a potty dance as he turned the shower on. Although he was dry, he was busting, but it felt good to hold on, although it was getting awfully close to his "lose control" point. He was accelerating through The Danger Zone at a significant rate of knots. He kicked his footy pyjamas off. He'd deliberately worn them for the last two nights. They could now safely disappear into the laundry, and his mother wouldn't expect him to pack them for camp. He wasn't even taking pyjamas anyway, just sweatpants. He carefully removed his adult diaper, and stepped briskly into the shower, a solid two seconds before he lost control and started peeing non stop.

It was close, but he'd made it.

He took the next 5 minutes to "wash" himself thoroughly. He knew he wouldn't get a chance to do it again for a few days, and as he washed himself, he thought back to his last nights conversation with Amy, when she'd described to him over the phone, just how much she was wetting her diaper while she spoke to him. The image was so hot!

When he had finished his shower, he walked back into his bedroom, still naked, to get dressed, but feeling a whole lot more relaxed. He gave himself the visual check in the mirror, and decided that he had actually lost some weight, his pubic hair had gotten thicker, and, if wonders never ceased, he was starting to grow some hair on his legs at last. Just a little under each knee, and a tiny bit above each ankle, but some visible hair was sprouting. Hallelujah!

But as joyous as that may be, it still wasn't enough to actually take the edge off the whole camp thing. Dan was a bundle of nerves. He didn't need to wear his uniform today, and being wary about the three and a half hour bus ride, and it's possible connotations, he had decided to wear a tape up diaper to school for the first time, and he could safely hide it under his jeans. An adult pull up would make bathroom breaks easier to deal with, but a tape up would definitely handle an emergency better, and he opted for safety over ease.

So, eventually breakfasted, and dressed in jeans, sneakers, and a long hoodie, Sue dropped him off at school, and couldn't help but feel a little disappointed when he didn't offer her a kiss goodbye. Yes, she had gotten one, but had needed to call him back before he'd run off, only to begrudgingly offer one under duress. She'd had the feeling that her boy was silently struggling with the whole camp concept, and had been secretly waiting for him to crack, and again plead to stay home. When he didn't, she felt guilty, and a bit saddened perhaps that apparently he now didn't seem to need her as much anymore as he had done in the past. She took a quick photo of him standing there looking uncomfortable, then brushed a tear away, and drove off.

Dan hurried to the toilet, not because he was desperate to go, but he wanted time to ensure his tape on would do up again properly, not resulting in a hurried last minute diaper change. Everything worked as it should, and he had soon found his friends gathered in the quadrangle.

After a last minute speech, including many not-so-veiled warnings of the ramifications of future misbehaviour, the kids were finally able to stow their bags and board their buses. Our heroes took their rightful place, near the back, but not quite on the back row. That was generally left for the tough kids, the outlaws, the rebels and the outsiders. Nerds and Geeks sat towards the front, as befitting their social status, whilst the general population was middle seated. The coolest of the "middle kids," ie; boys with girlfriends, like Dan and Scott, or with criminal records, got the three quarter length seating position. You knew if you were sitting there, you were generally going to be exempt from bullying. Unless, you know, you actually wet your pants or something stupid like that.

The buses took off in single file, finding there way into the busy morning traffic and turning south. Three days and two nights of fun awaited the boys, if everything went according to plan of course.

*756*2017-05-25 12:56

Chapter 20:

Dan was sitting next to Ali, while Scott and Matt sat directly behind them. They alternated between talking, checking and updating Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, and whatever other social media they had, listening to music, and just relaxing. All the boys had bought snacks and drinks, so they were well catered for in the food and drinks section. The excitement was palpable, and every time it seemed that the topic of camp was exhausted, somebody managed to come up with a new twist or idea, that automatically generated new urgent discussion. Plans were made, things were suggested, some not quite fitting in with what the official program of activities would list, including sneaking out, smoking, drinking, late night bull sessions, games, secrets, pranks, and virtually anything else a busload of adolescent boys could mentally conjure up.

It was about an hour into the trip when Danny first noticed the urge to pee. He had been happily sucking on his water bottle since boarding the bus, partly due to excitement, partly due to boredom. Regardless, he'd drunk nearly a litre, and now could suddenly feel it sloshing around.

He glanced at the time, seeing that only an hour and a bit had passed, and there was still over 2 hours to go. He certainly wasn't desperate yet, but only feeling the first stages of need. Even Amy would be able to hold on for a bit longer yet, if she was there. If Dan was sitting in class, he would have no problem with waiting until the end of the period to go, but he wasn't in class. He was on a bus. His need was minor, but it was there nonetheless, and there was still 2 hours at least to go, and that would definitely be a problem.

It was a problem he was prepared for however. It was one of the main reasons he'd chosen to wear a big, tape up adult diaper under his jeans. He had anticipated that something like this would happen, and he was determined to handle it maturely. Dan had spent many hours thinking about every possible scenario that could arise during this trip, and he was positive that he would do his absolute best to overcome them.

One thing he had learned from Amy, was the benefits of the Pre-Emptive Strike. Used sparingly, it was his most effective weapon in the war of diaper control, and he had made up his mind already that he would not be afraid to use it if necessary. It was a lot better to deliberately use your nappy a little bit and have control, not risking a leak, than to try and hold back an irrepressible flood, ending up with a leaky diaper and wet pants. Of course he had used the technique before, with varying levels of success. He wasn't quite as adept as Amy when it came down to it though. He'd learned the hard way that he had a tendency to wait too long, being too full and desperate before trying it, and then, the results could be potentially disastrous.

If you were going to guarantee a successful Pre-Emptive Strike, you had to strike while the iron was hot, and the bladder not too full. If you weren't absolutely busting, you could actually control the flow. Start and stop, trickle, dribble, and even occasionally squirt, and as long as you were generally pointing down, and your leg guards were fitted properly, you could safely pee quite a lot into a good quality, adult diaper. Certainly a lot more than the Goodnights, or "kiddie pull ups," that he was now starting to think of with more than a touch of disdain.

Dan had always had a weird relationship with his Goodnights. He'd worn them, or versions of, his entire life. His entire life after being potty trained that is. He'd managed to go from 5-13 without being diapered during the day, but still wearing his Goodnights to bed, then needing them during daylight hours as well.

And he'd hated it.

His initial crossover to real, grown-up diapers had been softened a lot by meeting Amy. He'd actually grown almost fond of "The Big Nappies," although he'd still rather not need them at all, and his already ingrown dislike for the kids protection only grew stronger. The only things going for them, was they were more discreet and easily hidden, and they were effective against minor, or early, leakage.

You certainly wouldn't comfortably plan a pre-emptive in 'em.

Not like the big tape up he was wearing! You could virtually flood that sucker, and it still wouldn't leak. Providing of course, that evening was tight and tucked away.

Which it was.

Much better to do a successful pre-emptive now, and virtually guarantee that you'll arrive at camp before needing to go again, therefore saving any big, overly desperate, major accidental flooding later, when leaks were much more likely.......

Dan had the window seat, and Ali was sitting almost side on to him, his legs stretched into the aisle. He twisted in his seat a bit, turning to face Scott and Matt who were seated directly behind them, spread his legs ever so slightly, and gradually relaxed his bladder muscles, but still maintaining his control while he could.

It was a task that would have been impossible a month ago. Back then, he would have just tried his best to hold on, then inevitably lost control and would've flooded his Goodnight, at best, or even worse, his pants. Either way, the results would've been the same.

Public embarrassment and humiliation.

But now, he could pee like a ninja if he had to. That's exactly what Dan did now.

A Ninja Pee.

He stealthily relaxed his bladder, slowly and hesitatingly, as he pretended to listen to Scott talk about something. It sounded like football, but Dan wasn't listening.

He was urinating. Slowly. He'd let a dribble out, would suddenly start squirting heavier, then clamp down and stop. When he had stopped, he knew it was only temporary, and he couldn't hold on for long, but he could hold on long enough for his fluids to be completely absorbed by his padded underwear. Then, by the time he'd started leaking again, his nappy was dry enough to soak in the next instalment.

Once he'd started, he had to be committed enough to his plan that he would continue until he'd drained his bladder down to a manageable level. After all, if he made his mind up and let go, he'd have no choice but to finish. If the dam was breached, the levels needed to drain before the flood could be controlled, so dedication to the plan was paramount.

It was a much better plan when carried out early enough, when your bladder isn't achingly full, and control was possible.

Like now.

A second stream erupted inside his diaper. Again it hit the padding, and again the excess, the portion that wasn't quickly enough absorbed, fell back partially onto his pubic mound, but mostly his testicles, tickling him with its warm embrace, as it dropped from his butt cheeks into the rear padding.

It felt weird, wrong, scary, exhilarating, upsetting, uplifting, worrying and relaxing, all at the same time.

This cycle repeated itself about four and a half times. Then, his need to pee more, to empty his bladder more, to urgently require more relief, just simply vanished. Suddenly, he just plainly didn't need to go anymore, and his jeans were still dry. He knew that because he was well hydrated that he wouldn't stink, and he'd now be safe for the next 2 hours or so.

He wriggled his butt on the seat, relishing the way the hot, swollen padding pushed against his bum, and also encased his balls.

It felt good. Guilty. But good.

It was about then that the bus suddenly slowed down, and pulled off the highway following the bus in front.

They were in a large rest area.

There, right in front of them, was a large public toilet block, (complete with showers!) with a RV/caravan pumping station off to one side.

"Righto boys!" The teacher announced, "15 minute break! Everyone go to the toilet, and stretch your legs. Do not wander away, do not leave the car park, do not make a mess! No arguments, and have patience! Remember, there are 93 of you, plus staff, and everyone needs to go, so be patient gentlemen! Right, off we go, and remember! 15 minutes!"

The boys got off, stretching exaggeratedly, and goofing off, just having fun.

"Kinda glad we stopped," Matt said. "I actually need to go!"

Scott grinned. "Know watcha mean, big guy. I need to myself."

"Yeah, I'm not sorry," Ali said.

"Me too," Danny said, feeling his wet diaper squeezing between his legs as he stood up.

It would be nice to change, but impossible. To accomplish a successful change, he would need to walk off the bus holding a diaper, or at least his bag, which was currently stashed with 29 other bags, in the luggage hold of the coach. Even if he was to take his wet nappy off, he couldn't very well walk out of the toilet stall carrying it. The only possible option would be to try and stash it behind the toilet or something, and hope the next person coming in didn't see it, or the people in the next stalls, via the gaps in the bottom of the stall walls. Even if he got away with it, it would mean going for the next 2 hours without any protection on, and that simply wasn't an option that was worth contemplating.

So Dan played the game. He got off the bus with his friends, and lined up for the toilet. When his turn arrived, he dutifully entered a stall, then sat on the toilet, fully clothed, and silently counted off one minute. Then he flushed the toilet, walked out, and washed his hands, so completely aware of the wet diaper between his legs that it wasn't funny. He exited the bathroom, feeling a bit like a fraud.

But even then, it was still more amusing than troubling. In the back of his mind, he couldn't wait to tell Amy how he'd deliberately peed himself, done the perfect pre-emptive strike, perhaps 30 seconds away from a toilet stop. As he took his seat again, he was already planning on just how he'd tell her, and how they'd laugh about it.

Dan knew that if anyone was going to understand, it would be Amy.

*761*2017-06-06 14:35

{{14 hours ago, kmwet said:

I've been reading this since it was about 18 pages long! I binge read it and caught up and have loved reading the updates ever since! I finally opened an account so I could comment.

Im excited to see how the rest of the bus ride and camping trip go!!

}}

Thanks for that. Appreciate the feedback, and I'm glad you're enjoying it.

To all the loyal readers, don't panic! More updates are coming soon! I haven't abandoned it or anything like that, and I plan a lot more to come. I actually have an original idea for post-camp......(I'm quite excited by it actually. Wish I hadda gone down that route earlier)

Its just a combination of things that have delayed me recently.

Real life, boring, grownup stuff mostly. Very busy schedule both professionally and socially, and I've been a touch off colour as well. Throw into the mix I've given up smoking, and my previous enjoyment of having a smoke or two as I wrote is gone, and I've been a bit distracted.

Also, I've been engaging in some amazing private role play games. Im lucky to have made a friend through here that has very similar tastes in omo stuff that I do, and we decided to try our hands at role playing some stuff.

It has been awesome!

We write whole chapters of the story, taking turns, and I can honestly say it's of the same caliber as D&A. I've never really done any RP before, and it's amazing what I've missed out on! I'm sure if we "published" it via the story forum, it would be as popular as this!

But, like this, it's quite time consuming. It can take a couple of hours to write my chapter, and by then the writing bug has disappeared.

Ive been saying to myself for the past week that I've gotta continue, then my friend sends me her chapter, and suddenly replying becomes priority, lol.

Anyway, sorry for the delay, and be assured, more is coming soon, and I think I've got enough ideas to keep it going for a while yet.

Gotta somehow finish "Gemma" too. That sumbitch only needs a little bit more to completely wrap it up.

One day I'll learn to type, and won't just keep wearing my thumb out on my phone.

I might ask my RP friend if she wants to share our little game. I would never do it without permission, and besides, even if she said yes, she'd have to do it as I don't use a computer for this. I don't even know if it's possible or not.

I know I've been blessed to find a like minded RP partner and she writes exceptionally well, but I would encourage anyone to try it if they get a chance.

But be warned, it does interfere with other projects.

Thanks again guys and girls for the private messages of support and encouragement that I've received. More coming shortly.

*763*2017-06-08 12:34

Chapter 21:

"So, what're we going to do for the next couple of days without the guys?" Nikki asked Amy, as they sat together at morning recess, drinking juice and eating fruit.

Amy laughed. "Jesus Nik! You saw Scott last night, remember? AND it's Monday! You don't usually see him again till Thursday or Friday anyway! He'll be back by then. I don't know what you're so stressed about."

Nikki sighed. "S'pose you're right. I just kinda miss him already. You know, just like talking to him on the phone, or at least knowing I can and shit. It's stupid, I know, like cause it's only Monday and stuff, but I do, ya know?"

Amy smiled, and put her arm around the younger girls shoulders, giving her a gentle squeeze. "It's not stupid at all Nik. I know exactly what you mean. Danny and I talk on the phone all the time, but Mondays a regular thing. We ALWAYS talk on the phone Monday nights, see how school went and stuff. I was thinking earlier about how I'm gonna miss that tonight."

The girls lapsed into a glum silence. There didn't appear to be much to say. They chewed their apples morosely, and stared at their shoes a lot.

But suddenly Nikki brightened. She sat bolt upright, and her eyes gleamed as her teeth showed brilliantly white, revealing at least one baby tooth still tucked away towards the back.

"Aaammmyyyy! I've got an idea. You know what I reckon? Ya know what we need? A fucking sleepover! Chill out, not even think about the boys!"

Amy couldn't help but laugh, shaking her head violently, causing her long blonde hair, (naked of any additional colouring whilst at school,) to catch glimpses of the morning light as it bounced. "Nikki, my love, that is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard you say! It's Monday, you idiot!"

"So?" Nikki said, almost pouting. "What's that gotta do with it?"

"Our mums aren't gonna go for a Monday, SCHOOL NIGHT slumber party," she patiently explained.

"But it's not a slumber party, dickhead! It's a STUDY party! You know, for that big test on Thursday?"

Amy looked confused. "What big test on Thursday?"

Now it was Nikkis turn to sigh, and she threw in a good eye-roll at no extra charge.

"THE TEST! The one we only found out about today! You know, the test......." and she banged her knee against Amys for extra encouragement.

Amy still looked perplexed. "Nikki, what are you going on about? What tes......" then, a light bulb went off in her brain. "OHHH! The Test!" and she grinned broadly.

"I reckon our olds would let us have a sleepover if we had to study for this damn surprise test, don't you?"

Amy actually felt her pulse rate quicken. "Nik, you could be right! We tell 'em we want a study session, they'll have to agree! 'Specially if there's no boys there and stuff! It's like totally legit! You know, 'cept for the actual 'No Test' bit"

"So, my place?" Nikki suggested.

Amy stopped herself from cringing. It wasn't that there was anything actually wrong with Nikkis place, but it was small, kinda cramped, and she didn't know Nikkis mum real well, plus Troy might be there, and that was two reasons already that a diaper wearing, bed wetting teenager would balk at the invitation. Bed wetters don't like sleeping away from home unless it's extremely necessary, or if they're with people the love and trust. She didn't have an issue with Nikki, but being around Nikkis mum and brother would just be too hard.

"What about at mine?" Amy suggested brightly. "I've got a queen sized bed, so one of us won't haveta sleep on the floor, plus I've got a big TV and wifi! We don't haveta leave the room!"

"Except for potty breaks," Nikki reminded her.

"Not even for that, if we're diapered....." Amy said with a grin, and Nikki laughed out loud.

At lunchtime, they were allowed to use their phones, so they both made quick calls to their respective mothers, pleading for this one-off, special occasion, never-to-be-repeated, school night sleepover/study session all because of this surprise test, which they decided should probably be a science test, as science wasn't a particularly strong subject for either of them, and that class was on Thursday, which was a bonus.

In the end, it was easier than they thought. Both mothers agreed, although slightly reluctantly, and Amy had a nervous moment when Sonia threatened to ring the Principal and complain, but thankfully didn't actually sound too serious about it.

Nikki would go home, pack her bag, and come over for dinner, then they would spend the evening "studying."

Amy made sure to tell Nikki not to forget her science book.

*768*2017-06-09 04:05

Chapter 22:

The buses arrived at the camp just before 11:30. As far as camps go, it was pretty impressive. A series of different sized wooden buildings, dominated by a large hall sized one, formed a long, wide quadrangle around a manicured lawn. The whole complex was behind a chain link fence, which cut through some lightly forested area, giving the campgrounds themselves it's own little wooded patch. The boys all "oohed" and "aahed" as the buses rolled down the hard packed dirt driveway, pointing out every feature they could see to the other kids.

These were not limited to, but including, several well marked tracks disappearing into the forest, a basketball court, a small stream that the bus passed over via a wooden bridge, what appeared to be a large cage full of bikes, and lots of open spaces.

It didn't take long for them all to notice that their phones had died from no reception either.

"Man! That sucks," Ali complained. "We only just turned off the damn highway! How can there be no service? It's the twenty first century down here isn't it?"

A teacher overheard his complaint, and was quick to assure him that he certainly wouldn't die without phone coverage in three days.

The boys alighted from the bus, stretching their legs and arching their backs. They swarmed like flies around a carcass when the driver opened the luggage compartment that ran along the underside of the bus, and he stepped back quickly less he get caught in the crush. Each boy had at least one large bag or backpack, some had 2, as well as a sleeping bag. As they milled around, shuffling their feet, their chattering was suddenly interrupted by a voice booming from a megaphone. It was Father Jacob, one of the youngest priests, and a favourite of most of the boys.

"Gentlemen! Attention please! GUYS! SHUT UP!"

This got the boy's attention, and they fell silent, looking in his direction, as was Father Michael, the oldest and most senior priest, who was shaking his head at the youngest priests turn of phrase. He glared at Father Jacob, who reddened, looking sheepish.

"Boys! Please form an orderly line, and make your way into the dining hall. Bring your lunches with you, but leave your bags outside."

The boys had been told to bring their lunches for the first day. From then on every meal would be provided, but there simply wouldn't be enough time to cook over 100 meals upon arrival. There were more than a few boys who had already eaten their lunches on the bus, but they didn't appear too fazed by it. They all filed in, and could sit where they liked at benches that held four people, so they guys took a seat towards the back.

"Man, I hope they hurry through whatever the hell this is. I'm busting for a crap," Matt announced under his breath, looking around the hall, in vain, hoping to see a toilet.

"Toilets are the building next door," Scott informed him. "I saw the sign as we were waiting. Just go ask old Michaels if you can go. He's a soft touch."

"Nah. I'm good for now. I've got a feeling it's going to take a while....."

Father Michaels stood up, and started walking around, talking into a microphone. He again warned them of the consequences of any misbehaviour, repeated his demand that any injuries or sickness, no matter how minor, get reported immediately, and reiterated than those students who required regular medication, such as asthma inhalers, insulin, or epi-pens be responsible enough to carry it with them at all times.

All the boys had been given maps over a week ago, showing the names and positions of all the buildings, and which cabin they were allocated too. Every boy there had virtually committed the map to memory after spending untold time pouring over it with their friends.

There were 8 cabins that could house 12 boys each, in six bunks, each with a separate room where a teacher or guardian would sleep, as well as a single toilet, and a handful of smaller cabins, each capable of housing 4-6 boys, again with their own toilet, but also with the additional bonus of its own shower block, and no facility for the teachers or guardians to sleep. The shower portion was only a smaller version of the larger shower block. Communal, able to wash four people at once, without the privacy of much more than shoulder high side screens and no doors. As you showered, you were afforded some neck to knee privacy from the sides, but you'd still be making eye contact with the boys standing only feet away on the other side. There wouldn't be a lot of masturbating going on, at least not in the showers.

It was supposedly a very trusted position to be afforded a cabin without a resident grownup living there, and Scott, Matt, and Ali all copped some flak, having been "lucky" enough to score such a privileged cabin two years in a row now. In fact, their cabin was to be the only one with its own shower facilities, and no adult. How lucky was that..... Scott was already internally cringing at the thought of going through this all again next year. Hopefully by then he might have eventually grown out of his bed wetting, but he said that every year.

After being given final instructions, which included setting their beds up, stowing their bags away, and getting changed into sports clothing, they were dismissed, and told to meet at the playing fields behind the Administration block within half an hour.

The boys walked out, meeting up where the small mountain of bags had been roughly stacked. The search for their possessions started, but Matt soon stopped looking.

"Fuck this," he muttered. "I can't wait. I'm almost touching cloth here. I'm going for a crap. I'll meet you guys at the cabin shortly."

Ali pulled his map out, working out their relative position. "This way guys. Ours is the back one, behind those dorms there." As he picked up his bags and headed off, Dan and Scott fell in behind him.

The bags were dumped just inside the door, and the three young boys looked around excitedly. The visual inspection didn't last long however, as there really wasn't much to see. The main, (and only) living room was perhaps 20 foot square, and housed nothing more than 2 bunk beds, and 4 small sets of drawers, with a door leading out the back wall into their 'ensuite."

'Ensuite' was an overly glorious name in fact. It was a long narrow room, featuring 2 toilet cubicles, and the tiled shower area, featuring a tiled recess with 4 open stalls, each with a showerhead.

Showering at camp was probably the biggest worry of all 93 boys at camp. Although they all forced themselves to change in front of each other at gym class, and at least pretend it didn't bother them, running around completely naked in the shower in front of other boys wasn't a particularly joyous activity. But of course no kid would ever openly admit this. It was just an unspoken about demon that hung around every boy's head at shower time. At least in this cabin, they would only be revealing themselves to their best friends.

They didn't even have to engage in any arguments about who would get a coveted top bunk. Dan and Scott's night time problems had them automatically relegated to lower bunk status, in case of any trickle-down effect, and Ali was going above Dan, while Matt would share with Scott.

They were no sooner inside when both Ali and Scott disappeared into the bathroom, needing to relieve their bladders. Dan needed to pee as well, although not badly, but he needed to change his diaper even worse. He had snuck a second, smaller, Ninja pee into his tape up not long before the buses had arrived. He hadn't completely emptied his bladder, but had just done enough to take the edge off, and he dared not do any more. At the moment, underneath his baggy black jeans, his wet diaper was sagging down between his legs, and while it secretly felt kind of nice, he wouldn't dare try and fit any more into it, at least not on purpose.

When Ali and Scott emerged, Dan picked up his backpack, and started into the now empty bathroom, only to have Scott tap him on the arm, indicating that he wanted to talk privately. Dan nodded, allowing Scott to follow him inside, where they closed the door. If Ali thought this was at all unusual, he didn't react to it, choosing to start setting his sleeping bag up instead, and put his clothes into his allocated drawers. In actual fact, Scott had pre-warned Ali that he wanted to talk to Dan alone, so Ali had been expecting such a thing, so he just busied himself with housekeeping duties, choosing to pretend not to notice.

"What's up dude?" Dan asked, hoisting his bag over one shoulder, and looking questioningly at his friend.

"Not much mate," Scott replied. "Well, perhaps a couple of little things...."

Dan arched an eyebrow, waiting to hear exactly what was coming.

"First," Scott started awkwardly, "do you remember when we talked last week, you know, about the diapers and stuff?" His voice had automatically lowered to not much more than a whisper when the "D" word was uttered.

Again Dan didn't speak, but nodded for Scott to continue.

"Well, you said you might, ah, lemme try out one of those big ones you wear? You know? To bed? In case I have an accident and stuff?"

Now Dan smiled. Of course he remembered their conversation. It had been a quick, whispered one, held between them while Ali and Matt had been lining up at the canteen.

"Sure mate. Don't stress. I bought some extras for you. Don't worry. These ones won't leak."

Scott blushed. "Thanks man. But you might haveta like tell me how to put 'em on. I've only like ever worn Goodnights, at least since I was a baby."

"They're not too hard Scotty. Here. Check it out."

With that, Dan dropped his bag, then undid the button on his jeans, dropping them to his knees. He held his hoodie and t-shirt up, showing Scott the saggy diaper he was wearing. He pointed at the side tapes.

"See these? You just kinda fit it, then do these tapes up to like hold it in place, then these ones. They're resealable, so you can adjust them up tighter afterwards."

Scott looked, but couldn't help noticing how heavy Dans nappy looked. It was intriguing, because he'd never seen a real nappy before, at least one that wasn't for infants.

"Ahh, are you, um, you know, wet now? I'm sorry dude. I shoulda just let you get changed in peace. I didn't mean to pry or nothing."

Dan grinned. He didn't really feel as uncomfortable as he would've thought. Yeah, it felt strange standing in front of his friend and exposing his diaper like this, but at the same time, it was also kind of exhilarating. Freeing somehow. After all, he'd been wearing around Scott since they'd first met, graduating from Goodnights to adult diapers, and they had discussed them in detail, and since his friends now knew all about his wearing habits and incontinence, it almost seemed to be the next logical step, particularly since he was going to be giving his friend some big nappies to try.

He was a bit surprised to feel his dick stirring inside his nappy as Scott examined it though. He gave himself a mental shake. He had no idea where the sudden rush of arousal had sprung from, and he hastily buttoned up his jeans again in case Scott noticed.

"So, you want me to give them to you now, bro?"

"Might as well," Scott replied. "Before Matty gets back at least."

"Why?" Dan asked. "What's wrong with Matty?"

This was exactly the question that Scott had been waiting for. He had rehearsed this conversation in his head a dozen times, and was glad Dan had posed the question, for what he was going to say was going to sound better coming in the form of an answer, rather than a statement out of nowhere.

"That's the other thing I wanted to talk to you about," Scott replied gravely. "There's nothing 'wrong' with Mat," he added air quotation marks, "but, he can be, ahh, a bit 'funny'" again he indicated the quotation marks, "about stuff like diapers." As he finished, he noticed Dan looking confused.

"Basically Danny, I wouldn't be too quick to go showing them, or talking about them in front of Matt. It's like a big unspoken thing between us. He knows I wear to bed, and he's cool about it, but he gets a bit awkward about talking about it. Dunno why, but I guess it makes him feel a bit uncomfortable somehow. I mean shit, we're the ones who should be uncomfortable, 'eh? But Matt gets a bit strange when the topic comes up. I wanted to maybe suggest you don't like flaunt them around or talk about them too much? You know, try not to like weird him out too badly?"

Dan smiled, relieved. Scott's speech had suddenly made a few nagging things suddenly explain themselves.

"You know, I thought he seemed a bit weird lately! There's been a couple of times this past week or two where he's just walked off without saying anything! Thanks for telling me mate. You probably should've said something earlier! I woulda been more careful talking about it! I just figured he was cool about it, you know, being your best mate and all."

He had no sooner finished speaking, when an uncomfortable thought crossed his mind.

"Hey Scotty? Is Matty like, you know, cool with me and stuff? Like, he doesn't secretly hate me or anything?"

Scott laughed, hoping it didn't sound as forced as it felt. "Don't be stupid Danny-boy! Matt doesn't hate anyone! It's just the whole nappy thing makes him feel uncomfortable, that's all. He feels the same about me."

He was surprised at just how easily the lie slipped from his lips, and he hoped the burning sensation he felt on his cheeks wasn't noticeable. He clapped Dan on the shoulder, suddenly in a hurry to leave his presence.

"You get changed mate. We haven't got much time." He took the folded diapers that Dan held out, stuffed them under his shirt, and walked out.

Dan locked the door, and took off his jeans. He removed his wet nappy, and used wipes to give himself a quick clean. Then he urinated in the toilet, before washing his hands. He bagged and binned the diaper and wipes, making sure they couldn't be identified. His mind was racing the whole time. Scott's speech resonated with him. He had been getting a definite vibe off Matt lately, and that explained why. He would make more of an effort to get back into his old habits of being more reticent about discussing his protection from now on. He supposed he had perhaps swung a bit too much in the other direction lately. It was just after such a long time of striving his hardest to keep his diapers a secret, it had been very liberating to finally be able to talk about them with his friends. He probably had been doing so a bit too much he guessed.

Liberating. Just like dropping his pants and showing Scott his adult diaper had been liberating. His mind swirled as he remembered how his little cock had begun to stiffen while Scott looked at it.

Dan shook his head. He didn't understand exactly why that had excited him, and frankly, he didn't even want to think about it. Some things were best left alone.

Five minutes later, his tape up now swapped for a fresh kiddie pull up, which was safely hidden under his baggy shorts, he was sitting on his bunk, talking to his friends while Matt, who had arrived back while Dan was in the bathroom, got changed in front of them. Dan, Scott and Ali had stirred Matt up a bit about taking so long, but Matt just insisted that he needed to crap immediately, or he would've shit his pants. Dan was careful not to make any reference to accidents or diapers when he teased the bigger boy.

They grabbed their drink bottles, and joined the growing throng of boys who were making their way towards the rendezvous point, chattering excitedly in a vast mixture of different pitched voices about what was going to happen next.

*772*2017-06-12 12:15

Chapter 23:

The boys were all eventually accounted for, via a roll call. As the roll call progressed, they were separated into three alphabetical groups. There were a few groans uttered, as most boys had planned on staying with their friends, but they were all assured that they would be swapping the groups around regularly over the next few days.

"One of the key ideas of going to camp is to make new friends," Father Michaels explained, "and you won't make new friends if you just stay in your regular classes or groups. There are a range of activities that you will be experiencing whilst here, and it is scheduled so that you will spend at least one activity at some stage with every other young man with whom you do not regularly share classes with. It is hoped that you will use this time to endeavour to make friends with other boys outside of your usual clique."

As it turned out, Danny Jacobs was put in the first group with Matt, or Matthew Jackson, as was his full name. There were obviously a few other boys that Dan shared some classes with, but none who he counted as friends. Dan was only just starting to accept the fact that he actually had friends again. After his social disaster at his old school, which had eventually led to him transferring to this one, he had been resigned to the thought that he would never have any friends ever again. One thing was certain, he would never again take anybody's friendship lightly, but nor would he ever rely on anybody's friendship as a ironclad guarantee. After the way his oldest childhood friends had dropped him when he had started wetting his pants, he had decided to not let other people ever get close to him again.

But of course Amy had successfully circumvented that plan, and Danny couldn't be happier that she had.

But regardless of what old Michaels had said, Dan certainly wasn't planning on going out of his way to make any new friends. New friends were a luxury for normal boys, not boys who wore diapers and wet themselves. As far as Dan was concerned, his only priority regarding friends, was to keep the ones that he already had. He was feeling particularly chummy these days with Ali and Scott, but perhaps not so much with Matthew. But being put into the same group as Matt might prove to be a Godsend. If he could manage to maintain a good rapport with the larger, quieter kid, and not freak him out about diaper stuff, he might eventually be able to consider Matt to be as good a mate as what Scott and Ali were.

He realised that having Matt being comfortable with his presence was going to be a major factor in maintaining his friendship with the other boys. They had been friends with each other for over 8 years, more than half their lives, and Dan was the new boy. He knew that if Matt ever decided that he didn't like him, he could make Dans life pretty difficult, and if Scott and Ali were ever forced to choose between them, then Matt had a lot more runs on the board than what he did. He really needed to win Matt over, if he was going to remain long term friends with the other boys.

###

Now the teachers and parent volunteers weren't stupid. They were fully aware of how much pent up energy adolescent boys had. They had been forced to remain seated for nearly three hours on the bus, and they were all extremely excited and probably a little bit nervous about what was going to be a hopefully exciting trip, and if they were to have any hope of getting the kids to sleep at night, then they needed to tire them out first. The plan was to keep the boys as busy as possible with activities, tiring them out as much as they possibly could during the day, and feeding their huge appetites with generous meals in the evenings. As long as the teenagers didn't cotton on to the fact that they were in fact being treated as overgrown toddlers, it would work well.

Dans group was scheduled to partake in a nature hike to start with. They would leave the campground, following a series of well marked tracks, and be shown a wide variety of local flora, and hopefully some fauna, with the hint of a possible test or school project in the pipeline, just to keep the boys attention focused.

Dan sidled up to Matt, clapping him on the shoulders.

"Whaddya say Matty? Are we having fun yet?"

Matt grinned back. "So far mate. Let's hope they don't make us do a stupid test on this later." He indicated to where Ali and Scott's group were heading. "Looks like the guys are going bike riding. That's where the bikes are kept. Wish we were doing that instead of a dumb hike."

"Don't worry," Dan reassured him. "We'll get our chance to go as well. Hopefully while they're trudging through the forest looking at stupid trees and shit."

Soon thirty boys, two teachers, and two parents set off along the path, heading out the gate and around the camp, following the track that continually got narrower, until they were forced to walk no more than two abreast. Dan was pleased that Matt appeared to be happy enough to walk beside him, and didn't try and ditch him for another boy, probably one who he'd known for years.

They had been issued with photocopied worksheets and pencils, and were instructed to take notes along the way. A few boys grumbled about how it suddenly felt like schoolwork, but overall it was interesting. One of the volunteer parents had a vast knowledge of the local area, and was able to impart that knowledge in a humorous way that kept the kids entertained, especially with his risqué jokes.

The boys had stopped beside the creek, where part of their assignment was to sketch a picture of the wooden bridge that they had crossed, when Dan heard Matt audibly suck in a sharp breath.

"You alright mate?" he asked.

"Yeah. I think so. I just kinda need to go to the toilet again I think."

"Pee over there. I just saw Mr. Silverstein doing it."

Matt grimaced. "Nah. It's not that simple Dan. I need another crap."

Dan was surprised. "Another one? You only just like had one before we left. Must've only been twenty minutes ago!"

Matt lowered his voice, looking around.

"Yeah. I know. I've got a dose of the runs. I thought I hadn't quite done it all when I went earlier."

Dan looked concerned. "Are you crook mate? If you're sick, you should tell a teacher or a grownup. Thants what old Michaels said."

Matt grinned. "Nah. I'm not sick. I know what it is. It's my breakfast. I had day-old re-heated Mexican pizza for breakfast. That always gives me the shits."

Dan giggled. "You dickhead! If re-heated, day-old Mexican pizza gives you the runs, why the fuck would you have it for breakfast?"

It was Matts turn to giggle. "Simple. I like re-heated, day old Mexican pizza!"

That struck Dan as hilarious, and he guffawed loudly, making Matt snort through his nose, and drawing the pair of them some curious looks from the other kids and teachers alike.

"Something funny Mr Jacobs?" Enquired Father Michaels with a grin.

"No sir. Sorry sir," Danny replied.

"It's alright son. We're not in school now. Nobody minds if you boys have fun, so long as you behave yourselves and keep the notes as asked." He turned in Matts direction. "And you Mr Jackson? Is everything alright with you?"

Matt felt his stomach gurgle, and his backside felt itchy and sweaty. He didn't feel sick, but he could feel his guts lurching a bit. He really was starting to need a poop quite badly, but it wasn't the sort of thing that one announced to a group of thirty plus people in the middle of a forest.

"No sir. I mean yes sir. I mean I'm okay sir," he stammered slightly, feeling a bead of sweat forming on his forehead.

"Hmmm," the elderly priest replied, scratching thoughtfully at his chin. Many years of dealing with teenage boys had given him an almost sixth sense when it came to a kid not being 100% truthful, but whatever Matt wasn't saying probably wasn't important, and the priest knew better than to make a boy stand in front of his peers and say things he obviously didn't feel comfortable about, so he let it slide. As long as the kids were doing as they were told, and not misbehaving, it probably wasn't important.

Dan decided that he would take a quick pee while the group was stopped. It was a delicate balancing act. He was only needing to go ever so slightly, and only then because he'd been drinking loads of water. He should be able to easily hold it until they got back to camp.

But what if he couldn't?

He was only wearing a Goodnight, a "kiddie pull up." If he did strike a problem, such as if the hike took longer than expected, and he didn't get another chance to relieve himself, and somehow ended up having an accident, then his little nappy would probably leak.

That would be bad.

But, having a pee outside now was also fraught with danger. He would need to pull his shorts and Goodnight down at the front far enough to release his willie, and that meant his little nappy would be at least partially exposed while he peed. If another boy happened to be close by, there was a better than average chance of his pull up being discovered. Not to mention the chance of his shorts sliding down in the back as well, when he undid the drawstring. He was wearing his boxer shorts as well, so they should provide enough camouflage. Should.

He saw his chance. The other boys who needed a potty break were walking just off the track behind a screen of bushes, and when Dan was sure that nobody else remained there, he darted off behind the bushes, nervously fumbling with his drawstring.

Dan found the privacy he needed, and grinned at the sight in front of him. A fallen tree layer lengthwise in front of him, and the bark was dripping wet, as was the ground immediately beneath it, showing the evidence of perhaps a dozen students and at least one grownup having relieved themselves there.

Dan pulled his shorts down at the front, but up at the back. He double checked he was alone, then pulled his satin boxers and the front of his little pull up down. He was nervous, and at first he couldn't go. He stood there, his boyhood held in his right hand, while his left hand was holding his boxers, diaper, and shorts out of the way. He relaxed his bladder muscles, but he still couldn't go. He pushed down a bit, and was suddenly rewarded when a strong stream of urine shot out of him, cascading down onto the log in front. Dan sighed with relief, and his body gave a pleasurable shiver as his pee splattered noisily against the log.

He stopped pushing, letting his bladder empty itself of its own accord. He didn't force it, nor did he try and control or restrict his stream. There was bright sunshine beaming down on him, and although it was Autumn sun, and not as savage as its Summertime buddy, Dan could feel its warmth on his private bits, and it felt nice. He usually didn't walk around with his weiner hanging out, no matter how nice a day it might be, and to feel the suns caress on such a hidden spot was nice.

As his stream started petering out, he pulled his pants down a little further, exposing even more of himself to the suns rays, and shivering again as his flow didn't just stop, but just turned into a drippy trickle. He knew that a quick push would soon expel the last remaining part of his waste water, but he wasn't in a hurry. It felt calming to be standing in the sun, letting himself slowly empty himself at his own pace. Soon, the trickle slowed to nothing more than a heavy drip, and still he didn't force it, choosing instead to let nature take its course.

He was stirred from his reverie by the sound of approaching footsteps. Someone was approaching him quickly from behind. "Shit!" He muttered, thrusting his hips back suddenly, and tucking his privates hurriedly back inside his pull up. He adjusted his boxers, and grabbed at his drawstring, but froze when he felt a sudden warmth around his boyhood.

The last squirt or two of pee that he hadn't gotten around to forcing out, had suddenly escaped all by itself, and he winced as he felt it soaking into his pull up. It wasn't much, literally only a good squirt, and a last biggish squirt, and his Goodnight was certainly capable of containing it without any danger of leaking, but that all too familiar feeling of wetness spreading across the front of his nappy made him squint his eyes momentarily, before turning around.

When he saw Matt coming, deftly stepping over a fallen branch, he sighed with relief. Dan hitched his hoodie up, and tucked his t-shirt in, before tying up his waistband, and giving himself a little squeeze, surprised at just how wet the little leak had made his kiddie diaper. But one thing was for sure. There was absolutely no way that he'd be saying anything to Matthew about it.

"Gonna have a leak mate?" Dan asked innocently, hoping to keep his voice sounding light, and hoping it didn't betray him into admitting he'd just wet himself a little bit. In all truth, he was furious with himself. He hadn't needed to pee badly, and could have easily held on until they got back, but he'd decided to go, 'just in case.' Not only did that increase his risk of being seen and outed, but he'd managed to still end up in a wet nappy. All that risk for nothing. But of course he couldn't say anything to his friend about what had happened, and anyway, his friend looked like he had more pressing matters on his mind.

Mat was glancing around nervously, his smooth face showing lines of worry, as if he was gritting his teeth.

"Nah," he replied, his voice sounding a bit wavery. "I really need to crap, Danny. Badly. I thought I might be able to go here."

Dan shook his head negatively. Where they were standing was fairly private from a viewing standpoint, but they were only 15 feet from the track where everyone else was standing, and the forest was nearly impenetrable around their small clearing. There simply wasn't any way of going any deeper off the track, and it was too exposed to be popping a squat there.

"No way man. Anyway, even if you did go here, what would you use to wipe with? Leaves? There's not even any big ones!"

Matt sighed dispiritedly, and shuffled his feet a bit. "Yeah. S'pose you're right. I'm just kinda busting a bit, that's all."

"Wanna ask old Michaels to excuse you? I mean, he's gotta let you go if it's an 'mergency."

"Nah. You heard their rules." He affected a silly voice, "No student will go anywhere by themselves except for being in camp. All students will travel with a buddy or an adult if they are outside of the main campgrounds."

"Yeah, true," Danny replied. "But I could come with ya. If ya wanted to ask, I don't mind walking back, you know, it it'll help?"

Mat smiled weakly at him. "Thanks man. That's really cool of you, but I think we're about halfway through now anyway. It's probably easier just to finish the fucking hike. It's gonna take the 'zact same time to go back now as it will be to wait."

Dan nodded. Mat was right. Judging by the track markers, they were approaching the camp now from the other side, having passed the halfway point. It really would be pointless to turn around and backtrack.

"Do you think you can hold on?" Dan asked.

"Gonna have to Dan. Gonna have to," was Matts worried sounding answer.

The hike continued. Matt was thankful that most of the major points of interest appeared to have been experienced already, and their future stops were short. He stopped taking notes, as he was unable to concentrate. His stomach continued to growl and gurgle noisily, and he wondered if anyone else could hear it. Even more worrying was the way his rectum kept twitching. He could feel sharp pains of gas building up, but he didn't dare to try and expel it. If he farted, he would shit in his pants, as sure as night follows day. He continued walking along in silence, occasionally scratching at his bottom, or rubbing his belly, experiencing wave after wave of cramps passing through him, and feeling a warm sliminess sitting just inside his butt-hole, threatening to explode forth at the first chance it could get.

A couple of times little traces of gas escaped from his bottom without him having any control, and each time it happened, he paused, expecting to fill the back of his white shorts at any moment. There was one fart in particular, that loosened his muscles momentarily, and he felt the mushy mess suddenly move forward, and it was more good luck than anything that he was able to clamp down tightly, and he felt it slide back up again. He wasn't completely sure that his crack wasn't perhaps a touch dirty now, but he didn't really care, so long as he didn't actually shit in his pants out here, he could put up with it. He had to force himself not to try and scratch his bottom, just in case he had leaked a bit. Smearing runny poop across the seat of his white shorts wasn't something he wanted to experience.

After what seemed like an eternity to young Matthew, the boys emerged from the track on the other side of the camp. They were afforded with the view of some boys playing basketball, 2 games of soccer going on, as well as a bunch of boys randomly kicking an Aussie Rules football back and forth. Scott and Ali's groups, with their mountain bikes, were nowhere to be seen.

Father Michaels addressed his troop. "Alright boys. Have a break. Do whatever you want, but be down at the fields over there in half an hour. Don't lose your worksheets or pencil, and bring them with you. Dismissed."

Matthew didn't hesitate. He took off on a fast walk towards the village, not speaking to anyone. Dan found himself stealing a glance at his mates bottom, half expecting to see signs of a messy accident, and he was relieved for his friend when he didn't.

Danny himself was now faced with a minor problem of his own. He wanted to change his pull up before doing anything else, but he didn't want to do it around Matt. He didn't even know where Matt was going. The public toilets near the mess hall were certainly closer than their cabin, but would offer less privacy for a young man to comfortably move his bowels in. If it was indeed as urgent as it appeared to be, the public toilet would be the best option, but if Matt decided to hold on for just a minute or so longer, he would have more privacy in their own dorm.

Dan wanted badly to go back to the dorm. He wanted to change his nappy, but he didn't want Matt to think that he was just following him, and if they both went back to their cabin, there was no way Dan could see, that he could successfully change without Matt knowing what he was doing. As soon as Matt saw him going into the toilets with his bag, or even a plastic bag, he know that Danny had wet himself and needed to change. Dan was determined not to do anything to remind Matt about diapers, and didn't want to have to make up a lame excuse, or even say the D word in front of him. But, at the end of the day, he needed to change his diaper. So he gave Matt a head start, then followed in the same general direction, hoping that Matt would take the closest option of the public toilets.

Matt had a head start, and was walking briskly, and Danny made no effort to catch him up, choosing to hang back, hoping that Matt would take the closest bathroom option. But every now and then, Matt would slow his pace, even stopping altogether on a couple of occasions, and he'd appear to just stare off into space, or shuffle his feet a bit. Slowly but surely, bit by bit, Dan was catching him.

Again Matt stopped, this time looking back over his shoulder, where he saw Danny walking behind him, trying hard not to catch him. But Dan didn't have much choice, as Matt had paused, and didn't look like he was moving again in a hurry, and he was looking directly at Dan, now waiting for him to catch up.

"'Sup man?" Dan asked, trying to sound casual. "Thought you was going to the shitter?"

Matt was pale. His face looked sweaty, and he appeared to be trembling. When he spoke, his voice sounded two octaves higher, making him sound much younger.

"Danny. I'm in trouble here. I can't hold on. I'm not gonna make it dude. I'm going to shit myself...... what am I going to do man?"

Dans instincts kicked in. After being in similar situations himself on many occasions, knowing that he was about to wet himself, he knew all too well just how frightening it could be. He wanted to help if he could, even if that meant little more than showing support.

"Are you sure mate? You positive you can't just hold it a bit longer? Look, you can see the toilet block from here!"

"Uh-uh. You wonder why I stopped? I had to. A bit started to come out. I stopped it, but only just. As soon as I start walking again, it's going to leak out."

"Is it solid or runny?" Dan asked.

Matt even responded as if it were one of the most normal questions he'd ever been asked, and he answered in a serious tone.

"Runny. Very runny man. It's like water." Matts voice was getting shakier, almost as if he would cry, which would be simply unheard of. It actually pained Dan to hear the level of distress in Matts voice. The big boy didn't speak a lot, and didn't show a lot of emotion, except for laughing. To hear him sounding so stressed was disturbing.

"Chill dude. No matter what happens, we haveta keep walking. Even if you DO have an accident. We're on a break, we can go back to the cabin and you can clean up and get changed and stuff without anyone knowing. Even the guys won't be there! There's only me and you who will know, and I'll never say anything, not even to the boys! Trust me man! If you were ever gonna have an accident, you probably couldn't time it better! All we gotta do is get you there.

"You'll help me?" Matt asked, shifting uncomfortably.

"Cause I will! We're mates, aren't we?" Dan said with what he hoped was an encouraging grin. "Come on, let's go before anyone comes and asks what we're doing."

Matt sighed, nodded, and gritted his teeth as they started to walk together towards the cabin. Neither boy spoke, and apart from Matt occasionally sucking in air, they walked in silence.

"Dan," said Matt, not breaking stride. "I just did it. I just shit myself a bit. It worked it's way out, and I couldn't stop it."

Dan gulped, swallowing hard. This was bad. He had really hope Matt was going to hold it together for awhile longer. He was genuinely at a loss as to what to say or do.

"Um, ah, how do you feel? It's not gonna happen again, is it?"

Matt whispered without turning his head to look. "I feel better. It wasn't much, but it was trying to come out for ages! I just couldn't hold it anymore, it was starting to hurt." He stopped, grabbing Danny's arm to get his attention, and leaned in.

"Can you tell, dude? Tell me! Does it actually look like I shit myself? I'm wearing white, for Christs sake! Great choice! Go on, have a look for me?"

Dan swallowed again, and looked down as Matt swung his bottom around. It wasn't as bad as what Dan had been afraid of, but it was still noticeable. Underneath Matts buttocks, split in half by the seam of his white shorts, was a dirty coloured browny-yellow wet spot, about as round as a coffee mug. He may have perhaps gotten away with it had he been wearing dark pants, but it was glaringly obvious on his white board shorts.

"Um, yeah dude. Ya can kinda see it......"

"Aw fuck it," Matt mumbled, again sounding tearful.

But then, Dan had an idea!

"Matty mate! Here! Tie this around your waist!" Dan had reached down, and removed his hoodie, leaving him dressed in just his t-shirt. It was a warm Autumn day, so he wasn't going to be cold anyway. He held it out, but Matt looked dubious at it.

"Nah man. It'll get, you know, dirty......."

Dan was adamant. "Fuck off Matt! Just tie the bloody shirt around your waist for Christs sake. Don't worry about getting it dirty. It'll wash, and I've got another one in my bag. Come on, tie it and we can keep going before it happens again."

Matt paused as he tried to tie the sleeves of Dans hoodie around his waist. Dan wouldn't have thought it was possible, but even more colour drained from Matts face.

"Whaddya mean again? You think it's gonna happen again!"

"If we don't get you to a toilet soon, it might. If you've got the runs, and it sure looks like it, you'll need to go again very soon. You only just lost a little bit."

"Come on Danny. Let's go," the larger boy said, a look of determination creasing his face, and sounding like he normally did, deeper of voice and somewhat stoic. "Feels slimy," he added softly, as an afterthought.

As they approached the buildings, Danny stepped in front. "Hang on mate. Let me go to the corner of the building first and look around. If the coast is clear, I'll signal, and you come straight away."

Danny was still young enough to have an imagination, and it didn't take long for his little soldier fantasy to come to the fore once more. Suddenly, in his own mind, he was doing a recon for his Special Ops unit, and they were relying on him to guide them safely back to base. Commander Jacobs paused at the corner, perhaps a tad dramatically, a star in his minds own show, and peeked around the corner. The few kids he could see were at a distance from them, so he waved his troops onwards with a saluting gesture. Matt, with other more important things on his mind than playing soldier, didn't notice, but trotted up behind Dan, the hoodie billowing out behind him as he jogged, wincing as he felt his butt cheeks sliding against one another. He was starting to detect a certain pungent aroma emanating from around his person as well.

Dan crossed to the next dorm, this time signaling for Matt to stay put, which he did, leaning nonchalantly with his back to the wall and his head down, apparently lost in thought as two boys ran past laughing, throwing a rugby ball between them as they went on their way. Dan signaled again, and again Matt followed. They repeated this one more time, and were soon safely back inside their cabin.

And not a moment too soon.

Matt had gotten stomach cramps again, just as they reached the back wall of their dorm, and had almost completely voided his bowels there, but with the knowledge that a safe toilet was just on the other side of this very wall, he was able to clamp down again for the final time, and hold it until he had gotten inside. Once inside, he had almost pushed Danny over, apologising profusely as he hobbled towards the bathroom, undoing the hoodie arms and his drawstring waistband at the same time. He didn't even pause to shut the ensuite door, just charging into the nearest door less stall, and ripping his shorts down violently, seconds before a huge, wet sounding fart ripped through the air, followed by a trickling sound, then a moan, and another fart. After that, there was silence, followed by "Fucking re-heated, day old Mexican pizza. Fuck it." Followed by a giggle.

Dan, standing in the bedroom, not having the slightest idea as to what he should say or do, heard this, and snorted with laughter, and he was soon joined by Matthew.

"Dammit Jacobs! This ain't funny! I shit myself!"

This caused Dan to snort again, and laugh even harder. Both boys started giggling, the nervous tension now dissipated, and Danny nearly succumbed to his own loss of control. It was only the simple fact that he'd peed not long ago that saved him. He felt the familiar failure of his holding muscles as he giggled, but was relieved that only a small amount of urine escaped him, re-dampening the front of his Goodnight a bit. He quickly ran into the bathroom, walking past the open stall where Matt was sitting, and deliberately kept looking straight ahead and not sideways at him, but still getting a quick glimpse of his friends stained underwear sitting on the floor in front of him. Dan didn't comment, but pulled down his soggy pull up and urinated into the bowl.

It didn't take long for the nervous giggling to cease, and Matt spoke up from the neighbouring stall.

"Danny. What am I supposed to actually do now?"

"Well, do you think you need a shower?" Danny asked quietly.

"Nah. Not really. I didn't really get it on me anywhere but around my arse. I mean, it's not on my legs or nothing. I haven't really got time to have a shower anyway. And what the fuck am I s'posed to do with my clothes? I can't just pack 'em back into my bag, can I?"

"Wait here mate. Lemme get my bag. It's not that bad."

Danny returned with his backpack and stood just out of sight around the corner from the open cubicle. He rummaged around in his bag, and pulled out his package of wet wipes, and a plastic bag, then blindly passed them into Matt.

"Here mate. Use these, and throw 'em into the bag."

"Cheers Danny. But what am I going to do about my pants?"

"Ditch the undies Matt. They're a lost cause. Your shorts will wash out. I'd give them a scrub in the sink over there with some soap. You'll haveta put 'em away wet I guess, but they'll be clean at least. Next thing, what other shorts did ya bring? Any chance you bought another white pair?"

Matts voice lightened. "I did! I got two pair of these. Gottem for Christmas! They're the same, except for the stripes on the legs. These have green stripes, the other ones are blue! I can put those on! Maybe nobody will notice."

"Exactly what I was thinking Matty. So you ditch the briefs, rinse out the shorts, and put your other white pants on. Perfect! You're gonna get away with this! Okay, you clean up, I'll give you some peace."

Matt sounded both relieved and grateful. "Thanks man. I appreciate your help man. I hope I haven't got any yuck on your jumper."

"Don't care man, so long as you're okay. But I'm gonna go look."

Not long after, Dan called out, "All good Matty! My hoodies still good."

Matt sighed. "Well that's something I suppose," he called out, "I woulda felt bad if I got it like dirty."

The boys soon fell quiet again, each involved in their own private acts of ablution. Dan changed his Goodnight in the bedroom, regretting that Matt had possession of the wipes, but he wasn't about to go in and ask for them. He was soon successfully changed, his wet pull up delicately tied into a plastic bag.

"Daaan?" Matt called out.

"Yeah buddy? Wassup? You need to hurry. They're gonna be looking for us soon.

"I'm worried Dan. What happens if I get the shits again? I mean, what if we're all the way back up there again, and I have another accident? What am I gonna do?"

"You think that's likely, do you Matt?"

"Dunno." Dan could almost see him shrugging. "I wouldn't have thought that I would've shit my pants in the first place really. If it happened once, it could happen again."

"Matty, there's only one thing I can think of that might help you mate, and I'm not gonna say nothing, cause I know you'd hate it."

"C'mon Dan. If you got an idea, tell me. I just can't handle the thought of pooping myself in front of the other kids. That was freaking awful! What's your idea? Go on, tell me."

Dan sighed, worried about what Matt would say about his idea. "Alright buddy, but don't you get pissed at me, okay?"

"Why the fuck will I get pissed at you Dan? You've done nothing but help me! Just tell me what you think I should do?"

"You could wear a pull up Matt. Just in case. You don't haveta use it, but if your guts keep playing up, and something bad happens, you might get away with it. Nobody will know, and it'll keep you like protected and stuff."

There was another silence, and Dan was mentally kicking himself. Scott had specifically said not to even mention diapers to Matt, and yet here he was, telling Matt that he should wear one himself. 'Real smooth Jacobs,' he thought to himself, and steeled himself for the outburst that must be coming. But what he heard next surprised him.

"You think Danny? If I did, you think nobody would notice? It sounds weird, but I'm kinda tempted. No way I ever wanna go through that again."

Dans heart skipped a beat. That definitely wasn't the reaction that he was suspecting.

"They won't know Matt, and I won't say nothing. At least you'll be safe if your tummy keeps playing up....."

Matt agreed, and Dan handed him a Goodnight. Dan then went back and lay down on his bunk to wait. He heard the water running in the bathroom, and Matt soon reappeared, carrying his freshly scrubbed shorts, and his shoes, and wearing nothing but a Goodnight and white socks from the waist down. Dan didn't react, and Matt didn't speak. He rifled through his bag, exclaiming with delight when he found his other shorts. Taking Dans advice, he slipped a pair of boxer shorts on for extra coverage, and was in the process of doing up his shoes when the door banged open, and Scott and Ali barged in, collapsing dramatically across Scott's bed. They only had time for a quick potty break and to refill their water bottles, and the four of them headed off together.

Scott noticed that Matts usual tension around Dan wasn't there. They appeared to be getting on well. Perhaps there was something in what old Michaels said about getting to know people better by hanging around them.

"What do you suppose will be for dinner?" Ali pondered.

"Dunno about you guys, but I could go some day-old, re-heated Mexican pizza," Dan declared, and Scott and Ali looked quizzically at each other while he and Matt exploded with laughter, complete with tears running down their faces.

Scott twirled a finger in a circular motion beside his head, and Ali could only nod in bewilderment.

*774*2017-06-13 10:40

{{18 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

Lol Poor Matt but that was a awesome chapter

}}

Thanks Bella! Glad you liked it. Stay tuned, more to come.

&&

