Weekend of Bliss and Agony

Author: Anubis

*000*2013-07-19 21:06

This is my first attempt at writing Omorashi fiction. It's based on a fantasy that I have, but all of the names and characters are completely made up by me. I know that part 1 might be a bit long, but I had quite a bit of information to put in part 1 and it was really difficult to keep it short, but I'll make sure that the future parts are not quite as long. I'm not sure what types of Omorashi stories everyone's interested in, but this one has some BDSM themes in it and there will be more of that in the future parts. I hope that's ok.

I hope everyone likes it and if anyone is interested in seeing Part 2, I'll start writing that and post it here when I can. I will appreciate any type of feedback and criticism. If there is anything I need to fix or that I could have done better, please let me know. I wanted to add a topic prefix, but didn't see one for stories involving both males and females in them. Now, here's the story:

I turned on my right turning signal and turned my steering wheel to the right. The tires of my car left the paved road behind me and made a crunching sound as they rolled over the gravel of Miss Amethyst’s driveway. As I straightened my car’s wheels, I took a quick look around at the property.

I noticed a granite bird bath, at the center of the yard, about ten feet to the left of the gravel driveway. Directly to the left of the bird bath was a massive oak tree, which looked like it was at least one hundred years old. At the base of the bird bath were three, smiling lawn gnomes, one of them holding up his right hand so that he appeared to be waving to anyone who may be entering the property, and the other two had their arms crossed over their chests.

Behind the bird bath, I saw a wooden bird feeder, hanging from a low branch on the oak tree. I smiled when I noticed two birds fighting each other over the bird food held inside of the bird house.

I parked my car in the driveway and shut off the engine. Quickly unlocking the driver-side door, I pulled my key out of the ignition and pushed the door open. Once my door was open, the smell of barbeque in the distance, blessed my nostrils. Mmm!

I shut the door behind me and began walking towards Miss Amethyst’s house, eager to see what it was like inside. The outside of her house appeared very welcoming. Clean, white siding covered the outer walls of the house, all the way around, the roof was covered with light, gray shingles, and seated on the window sills of the two windows on either side of the front door, facing out, were stuffed squirrels holding acorns in their hands.

As I walked up the stone steps of her front porch, I quietly chuckled, thinking about how no one would guess the type of person Miss Amethyst was, just by looking at her home. Her property in the suburbs had a well-cut lawn, a white picket fence all around the property, tall enough that no one could see over the top, lawn decorations, and a welcoming house. No one would have expected Miss Amethyst to be the sadist and control freak that I knew she was.

I rang the doorbell beside the front, screen door, and waited for about half a minute or so before the wooden door behind the screen door opened. The Black Cherry door was pulled open from the inside and I saw Miss Amethyst’s blood-red hair come into view. When I saw her, she was just as beautiful as I remembered when I had first met her at a nearby restaurant. The last time I had seen her, she had been dressed modestly in a business uniform with a skirt, but today, she was wearing a very tight, black dress, which revealed her average-sized breasts.

She smiled at me when she looked into my eyes with her stunning, green eyes, and pushed open the screen door.

“Hello there, David.” I noticed a wicked gleam in Miss Amethyst’s eyes when she smiled at me. I smiled back at her and she glanced down at my blue uniform, directly over my lower abdomen.

“I am pleased to see that you came in your security guard uniform like I asked.” Miss Amethyst forcefully, but gently, pushed me aside as she walked out and closed the front door behind her. “Is your bladder about half full, like I wanted it to be?”

When she asked the question, it reminded me about how I had been sure to drink a good twenty ounces of water over the past couple of hours, doing my best to get it about half full, but it felt about three quarters full to me.

I nodded, still smiling. “Yes, it is.” Miss Amethyst continued smiling, but darkness appeared in her eyes. “Yes, who?” I felt a chill on my spine when she asked the question. “Yes, Miss Amethyst.”

“That’s better David. Follow me, I would like for you to meet Amy. She was a bit unsure about me bringing a guy into my fold, but she eventually warmed up to the idea.” Miss Amethyst walked past me, down the stone steps. I gently closed the screen door behind me and followed her down the stone steps.

She led me around to the back of the house and along the way, I couldn’t help but watch as her very attractive behind moved slightly side to side and I could feel myself getting an erection which caused the front of my uniform pants to bulge a little.

I followed Miss Amethyst to a wooden porch that went all across the back of the house and out away from the house about twenty feet. Sitting on the porch, I found a woman who appeared to be in her early twenties seated on a lawn chair underneath a blue umbrella, leaning against the table the umbrella pole ascended from. I had never met Amy and did not know anything about her, though Miss Amethyst had mentioned her briefly when I first met her, but did not go into any details.

Amy definitely looked quite a bit younger than Miss Amethyst, who was probably in her early to mid forties, while still managing to look very sexy, and she had short blonde hair that went down to her shoulders. I noticed that her legs were crossed and she appeared to be fidgeting where she was sitting. She held a quarter full bottle of water in her right hand and she smiled at me when she saw me.

I followed Miss Amethyst up the steps of the wooden porch and she motioned towards a lawn chair across the table from Amy. “Have a seat, David. I will go into the house, but I will return for you shortly.”

I took a seat as instructed and Miss Amethyst walked back into her house through the back door. Amy turned her chair towards me and set her bottle of water on the table top. When she sat back down, I noticed her bite her lower lip and I could tell she was struggling.

“So, uh, what’s it like to be, uh, with Miss Amethyst?” I asked, hoping to start a conversation. Amy put her right arm down under the table, straight down towards her crotch, but I didn’t look under the table to see, so I was not entirely sure. She kept her left arm on the top of the table and tapped her fingers as she slowly leaned forward.

“It’s a lot of fun to be with Miss Amethyst. I’m a student teacher at a High school about twenty miles away from here. On my weekends off, I usually come and stay with Miss Amethyst and we have lots of fun here.”

I nodded and could feel myself about to start laughing when Amy put her left arm down under the table and she began rocking forward and back in the chair where she was sitting. “When I first met Miss Amethyst, uh, she told me that she is into, uh, my, uh…”

I suddenly felt embarrassed and the smile I had since I had stepped out of my car faded. Amy brought her left arm back up from below the table top and placed her hand on my hands, which I had not noticed were folded in front of me. “It’s alright David. You don’t need to be ashamed or embarrassed about your fetishes here.”

I felt comforted by Amy’s gesture and kind words, realizing that what she said was true. I was in a safe place where no one would think that I was weird for the things that I enjoyed the most.

Amy quickly pulled her left hand away and I noticed her jaws clenching underneath the skin on her face as she smiled at me. “It will seem strange at first, but you’ll get used to it eventually. Even if you don’t, Miss Amethyst is very understanding and won’t try to keep you here.”

I smiled at Amy and it appeared that she desperately needed to urinate and knowing about it turned me on greatly. “So, what’s going to happen now that I’m here?” I asked. I glanced down at the watch on my right wrist and noticed that it was seven-thirty four p.m.

“Well, Miss Amethyst will probably bring you a bottle of water and instruct you to drink it. She likes us to be good and hydrated so we don’t dry out.”

I suddenly snickered. “I’ll bet she does.” Just then, behind Amy, I heard Miss Amethyst’s stern, but gentle voice. “Amy, what is that I am seeing down by your crotch?”

Amy quickly put both of her hands up on the table and began bouncing up and down in the chair she was sitting in. Miss Amethyst ascended the steps of the back porch and she grinned at us. “Now, that’s better Amy.” I noticed that in her right hand, she was holding what looked like a green, leather, dog collar and in her left, she held a red one.

Miss Amethyst set the green one in front of me and the red one in front of Amy. Amy began to put hers on, while squirming around in her seat. She adjusted the size of the collar so that it fit snugly on her neck, but did not cut off her air.

I picked up the collar Miss Amethyst had set in front of me and I imitated Amy’s movements. Once it was on, Miss Amethyst gestured with her hands for Amy and I to stand. We both stood and I noticed that Amy was definitely desperate to urinate, just as I had suspected.

Miss Amethyst grinned at Amy. “Will you kindly take David inside and give him a tour of the place?” Amy nodded and walked towards the door. When she reached the door, she bent forward slightly and put her right hand up against the wall as she struggled to contain the flood. I began tapping my toes on the wooden boards underneath me, knowing that in the next hour or so, I would very likely end up in the same situation as Amy.

*004*2013-07-20 13:22

I am happy to see all of the positive reactions to part 1. I think I'll just post part 2 in this thread instead of creating a new one. It might keep the forums a bit cleaner that way. I wrote part 2 last night before I went to sleep and I had a lot of fun writing it, probably more fun than I had with part 1, for very obvious reasons, probably.

Part 2

Once Amy had regained control of her bladder again, she relaxed a little bit, just before pulling open the back, screen door. I noticed that the back door behind the screen door was Black Cherry, just like the door at the front of the house. For a moment, I became distracted from my own need to urinate and Amy’s desperate situation, thinking about how nice the doors looked.

Once inside, I took a quick look around and discovered that Amy and I were in what appeared to be a dining room. Sitting on the dining table, which was also made out of Black Cherry, was a large, purple rock, about the size of my fist, sitting next to a bottle of water, labeled, “Fresh Spring Water”.

When I picked up the bottle of water, which felt cold in my hand, I noticed that underneath the label, my name was written on it in black ink. I glanced at Amy, who I noticed was leaning on the table, looking down at the table top, groaning quietly, with her legs clamped together tightly. I raised my right eyebrow. “Is this supposed to be mine?”

Amy looked up at me and nodded, with a wide smile on her face. “Yes, it’s…” She stopped speaking suddenly when she doubled over and leaned harder on the table. She quickly reached between her legs with her right hand and held herself up with her left.

“I noticed that Miss Amethyst seems to not like it when you use your hands to help hold it in.” Amy nodded, but did not look at me. “Not sure why, but it’s just one of those things that she gets off on.” A devious grin appeared on Amy’s face and she glanced up at me. “I really get off on her not allowing me to use my hands as well!”

I twisted the cap on my bottle of water and opened it. I took a large drink and put the cap back on. “Damn, this is some cold water! Did Miss Amethyst keep it in the freezer?”

Amy’s grin faded and she put both of her hands between her legs and groaned loudly. “Oh my god, I’m going to wet myself, very soon!”

I nodded and smiled at Amy. “Maybe if you begged Miss Amethyst, she would let you go.”

Amy finally managed to regain control and she stood up straight, before carefully moving her hands. Once she had her arms at her sides again, she clenched both of her hands into tight fists and looked at me. “She probably will, if I beg. She really likes begging, but the thing is, I’m not allowed to have another pee break until nine o’ clock and it’s only…”

Amy turned around and looked at the clock that was on the wall behind her and I looked at my own watch, which read seven thirty-eight. “It’s about seven forty or so,” Amy said. “There is no way I am going to make it until the next allowed pee break!”

“How many does she allow, Amy?” Amy suddenly had another spasm in her bladder before she could answer and both of her hands went back to her crotch again. “Three… every… d-day! Why did I drink so much water?!”

“Only three?” Amy nodded. “One at eight in the morning, from…” Behind me, Miss Amethyst walked in and when Amy saw her, she quickly removed her hands, but definitely needed them to be there.

“Amy, what did I tell you about using your hands?” Miss Amethyst asked. “You know the penalty for disobeying instructions.”

“Miss Amethyst… May I please…” I could feel my erection bulging through the front of my pants, pushing on the material so hard it felt like it could pop a hole in it.

Miss Amethyst walked towards Amy and she patted Amy’s back in a motherly sort of way. “You need to go pee-pee, don’t you?” Amy nodded. “May I please go?”

Miss Amethyst looked up at the clock and then put her face directly in front of Amy’s. “It’s not nine yet and you know the rules. Did you drink too much water?” Amy nodded. “Yes, Miss Amethyst!” Suddenly, I saw a wet spot appear on the front of Amy’s light-blue jeans and she put both of her hands into her crotch again, to stop the flood.

“You know that if you pee without permission or at an unscheduled time, there is a penalty for it, right?” Miss Amethyst asked, calmly. Amy nodded as more pee escaped and the wet patch between her legs increase greatly in size and spread down her legs. I was curious to know what the penalty was. “So, what is the penalty?”

Miss Amethyst smiled at me. “The penalty of peeing without permission or at the wrong time of the day is to lose the privilege of having orgasms.” Since Amy had lost total control of her bladder sphincter, she just emptied her bladder right where she was and she straightened her posture as she finished peeing. Miss Amethyst instructed her to remain standing in her puddle, which was probably three feet wide. “Amy, dear, remove the sandals from your feet.”

I had not really noticed before then that Amy was wearing sandals, but they were bright blue and had red straps on them. I started shifting my weight from one foot to the other, when I realized that my own bladder was still filling up, as I watched Amy bend down and remove her sandals.

When she did as she was instructed, she handed them to Miss Amethyst who carried the sandals away, while she stood in her pee puddle, barefoot. While Miss Amethyst was gone Amy grinned at me. “Oh god that felt amazing, letting all of that go!”

When Miss Amethyst returned, she was carrying a strange looking belt that I had never seen before. The belt had a strap that obviously went around a person’s waist, with a second strap that looked as though it was meant to go over someone’s crotch. The second strap was narrow near the middle and had some small holes in it that looked like they were far too small for a person to fit their fingers through.

“Amy, remove your pants and your underwear,” Miss Amethyst replied. Amy did as instructed and quickly pulled them off. She set them down on the floor beside her and Miss Amethyst quickly glanced down at my crotch when Amy was standing in front of me, bottomless. She immediately noticed my erection.

“Calm down over there, big boy,” Miss Amethyst said with a wicked smile. “Don’t make me get my riding crop out…” I didn’t know what she would have planned to do with the riding crop if I didn’t get myself under control, but I did not think I wanted to know. Of course, wondering what she might do to me with it only kept me turned on, making it harder to get my arousal under control.

Miss Amethyst looked away when Amy put the belt on and I discovered that the belt fit on just like I thought it would. “Is that a chastity belt?” I asked. Once Amy had it on, Miss Amethyst locked up the belt, so that only she could remove it with a special key. “Good job David! You are right!”

Amy spread her legs slightly and reached up to her crotch. She felt the holes in the belt, but discovered she could not fit her fingers through any of them. “How long will I wear this?”

Miss Amethyst led Amy away from the puddle. “It is time to rinse you off with shower water. David, you clean up the puddle!” I looked around and did not see any towels around me. I set my bottle of water on the table and followed the two of them to the bathroom. I found them in a hallway that went through the middle of Miss Amethyst’s home, from side to side, and Miss Amethyst was unlocking the bathroom door with a key. Once she had it open, she walked in with Amy.

I walked towards the door and Miss Amethyst threw a stack of towels at me once I looked in the doorway. I frantically tried to grab the stack, but one of the towels hit my face and I dropped two of the four towels. Grumbling from the buzz kill of having towels thrown at me and being instructed to clean up pee, I picked up the towels I had dropped as Miss Amethyst closed the bathroom door, leaving me alone in the hall. I turned and walked back towards the dining room just as I heard the shower in the bathroom start up.

It only took me about two or three minutes, at the most, to get the pee all cleaned up, but by the time I was done, two of the towels were completely soaked and one of them was completely damp. I had found a blue recycle bin nearby, which had masking tape on the side, with the words “Wet Towels” written on it with ink. I decided that was the place to drop the wet towels, so I put them in there.

I found the kitchen just beside the dining room and I went in there and washed my hands at the sink, using the anti-bacterial soap to get any bacteria off of my hands that I thought could have been growing in Amy’s pee after she released it.

When I started up the water, my bladder suddenly spasmed and I squeezed my legs together. “Damn,” I muttered under my breath, taking a couple of seconds to regain control. My own bladder was probably about eighty percent full and I could tell that it would not be long before I ended up receiving the same penalty as Amy, but I thought that since I had about an hour and fifteen minutes left, I could probably make it okay.

When I was done washing my hands, I returned to the dining table and took a seat in one of the four chairs. I reached for the purple rock at the center of the table and pulled it towards me, wondering what it was. It certainly appeared to be a precious stone, but I had not seen it before. While I was looking at it, I heard Miss Amethyst’s voice. “That stone there is called Amethyst and it is my favorite out of all the precious stones there are.”

I pulled my hands away from the rock and looked up at her, not even realizing that the water in the bathroom had stopped. “So, you named yourself after it?”

Miss Amethyst nodded and she took a seat next to me. I began fidgeting in the chair where I was sitting from the amount pee I was holding in and Miss Amethyst noticed. “How full are you now?”

“I am probably eighty percent full,” I replied. “I was quite a bit more than half full when I got here.”

Miss Amethyst crossed her arms across her chest, squishing her breasts together. I glanced at them and then at her eyes, figuring she probably noticed. She remained silent for a few minutes and an evil smile slowly appeared on her face, but instead of being creeped out from her evil smile, I felt another erection form inside of my pants.

*005*2013-07-23 14:07

Here are parts 3 and 4. Enjoy.

Part 3

About half an hour after Amy’s massive accident, holding in all of my urine was a struggle, for me. Miss Amethyst had decided that she wanted to play a board game with Amy and I, hoping to make me feel welcome. She had decided to play Scrabble.

I did the best I could to keep my hands up on the table top, while down underneath the table, I was bouncing my knees up and down and fidgeting around in my chair.

Neither Amy nor Miss Amethyst paid much attention to what I was doing when they took their turns. The three of us were completely shirtless while we were playing the game and both Amy and Miss Amethyst had taken their bras off, so their beautiful, round breasts were completely exposed for me to see, but I was too focused on my bladder to enjoy them.

“David, it is your turn,” Miss Amethyst said. On the board in front of me, there were two words on the board, crossing each other by the letter “A”. One of the words was “Dear” and the other one was “Reap”. Since it was my turn, I took a good look at the letters I had in front of me and noticed something strange. I had the letters “P” and “E” in front of me and if I wanted, I could’ve put the word “PEE” on the board.

I breathed in deeply and tried to think of a different word I could play. I quickly looked at my watch. It said that the time was eight fifteen p.m. I did not know if I could make it until nine, but I was determined to try. While bouncing my knees up and down, I struggled to concentrate on my letters, but I kept thinking about spelling out, “PEE”.

Devious grins appeared on both Amy’s and Miss Amethyst’s faces. They are catching on to me. They know about my desperation!

I looked at the letters again and discovered that I could play “RUST”, using the “R” of “REAP”, so that is what I went with for my turn. I reached into the bag and pulled out more letters, while Amy and Miss Amethyst took their turns. When they were playing again, I failed to pay attention and did not realize it was my turn, when my turn came again.

“It is your turn again, David,” When I realized that Amy was telling me it was my turn, I smiled. “Oh.” I looked at my letters and the words already on the board and found myself thinking about spelling out “PEE” again. Damn I really needed to pee and wished I could use my hands to help! I did not use my hands though, because I did not know what Miss Amethyst would do to me. I decided that I’d get rid of the “P” and the “E”.

Amy laughed really loud when she noticed that I had spelled out “PEE” on the board. An evil grin appeared on Miss Amethyst’s face and she looked into my eyes, with her stunning green eyes. “Are you… desperate?”

I rubbed the sweat off of my forehead with my right hand and wiped it off on my pants leg. “No, I’m, I’m fine.” I was beginning to feel thirsty, so I grabbed my bottle of water and took another large gulp, which was a mistake.

“Are you sure?” Miss Amethyst asked. “You may beg me to let you and I just might, but if I do let you go now, you’ll find yourself wearing a cock cage for the rest of the weekend.”

I shook my head, determined to hold it all in until nine, but in the amount of time since Amy’s accident, my bladder had filled up quite a bit more and I was hoping that all of the excess water I had drank was already there, so that no more would end up in it.

Amy went ahead and took her turn and I lost my focus on the game, once again, when Miss Amethyst took her turn. Miss Amethyst was right! I am getting desperate!

“Where are you on the scale?” Miss Amethyst asked. “Huh, what?” I noticed Amy and Miss Amethyst staring at me again. “The scale I told you about when we first met, what number are you?”

“Uh, ten is total loss of control, right?” Miss Amethyst nodded so I smiled at her. “I’m at an eight, probably.” That was a total lie. Actually, I think I was probably a hell of a lot closer to nine point five than eight!

I quickly took my turn and did the best I could to focus on the game. I managed to play for a good twenty minutes or so before I felt a massive spasm in my bladder and I quickly put my right hand under the table to squeeze my penis, without thinking, and quickly put it back on the table when I noticed Miss Amethyst watching me. “What did I say about using hands? Should I go get the cock cage right now?”

I shook my head. “No, Miss Amethyst, that is probably not, uh, necessary. I, uh, should probably not, uh, play, I can’t concentrate.” Miss Amethyst grinned at me. “Well, you weren’t at an eight on the scale when you said you were, were you?”

I nodded. “Yeah, I was.” I could tell that Miss Amethyst could see right through me. My lie was clearly not convincing in the least.

I wiped sweat off of my forehead again and I gritted my teeth, struggling to hold back the flood. “You do not need to lie or act tough, Mister Security Guard. Even a muscular guy like you can be reduced to a small child when your bladder is so full that you feel like it will all just gush out of you.”

Miss Amethyst was not helping me at all. In fact, saying the things she said caused me to have a spasm in my bladder. “Will you make it until nine?”

I looked at my watch and it said that it was only eight thirty-seven p.m. I nodded. “Yes, I will… I mean, yes Miss Amethyst, I will.”

“I hope so,” Miss Amethyst said. “You wouldn’t want to make poor Amy clean up your pee puddle from my tile floor, would you? She just had an accident and needs to rest. She doesn’t need to be cleaning up your puddle, does she?”

I shook my head. “There won’t be a puddle, Miss Amethyst.” I quickly pushed back my chair and stood up from the table. I began pacing back and forth and Amy giggled while she watched me. “Miss Amethyst, I know I didn’t want a guy to be here earlier on, but it’s more fun than I thought it would be! He’s a tough security guard and he’s probably going to wet himself like a child.”

“No, I will not!” I cried out, determined not to do what Amy said I would do. “There will be… no puddle!” There was another spasm in my bladder and I felt a little bit of pee squirt into my boxer shorts and I quickly grabbed myself with my right hand.

“Maybe you should put aside your pride and begin begging, Mister Security Guard,” Miss Amethyst said sternly. “No, Miss Amethyst, I will not start begging only twenty minutes before nine!”

I removed my hand and struggled against the intense desperation I was feeling. Amy was giggling again, seeing the way I had my legs crossed over each other while I was standing there by the table. I discovered that I was standing in approximately the very same spot where Amy had been standing when she wet herself nearly an hour before and it made me feel very uncomfortable, so I moved away from that spot, slowly.

“You are not going to make it until nine,” Miss Amethyst said, with a devious grin on her face. I noticed darkness appear in her eyes when she grinned at me. I knew that she was right. Despite my determination, I was not going to make it until nine.

“I am not going to make it until nine, Miss Amethyst.” I had accepted defeat. I was not going to make it.

“What do you say David?” I looked into Miss Amethyst’s eyes, feeling ridiculous that I had to beg her to let me go to the bathroom, but this was the very thing I had fantasized about for years, before finally managing to find a mistress like I wanted.

“May I please go to…” Begging was very difficult for me. I felt so weak and helpless and I wasn’t a weak or helpless person. “May I please go to the bathroom, Miss Amethyst?”

“I don’t know, how badly do you need to go?” Miss Amethyst’s devious grin and darkness in the eyes remained, though her eyes did seem to grow darker. “I am very close to a ten, please may I go use the bathroom Miss Amethyst?”

“Yes, I think so, let me get my key.” Miss Amethyst stood up from the table and I grabbed myself with both of my hands as I followed her down the hall to the bathroom. Miss Amethyst’s bedroom was right across the hall from the bathroom and she told me to wait a second while she went inside to retrieve the key.

Miss Amethyst closed the door behind her and I looked down, suddenly realizing that the hallway floor was carpet. No, not carpet… If I pee on the carpet, cleaning will be so much harder than if it was a hard floor!

The ten seconds or so that Miss Amethyst was in her bedroom getting the key seemed like eternity, but when she finally returned, she unlocked the bathroom door and pushed it open.

“Thank you Miss Amethyst!” I rushed inside, not even bothering to close the door. When I got to the toilet, I looked down and realized that I was wearing a belt. “Damn it!” I quickly tried to undo the belt with one hand while using the other to squeeze myself to prevent the outflow.

Amy joined Miss Amethyst in the bathroom doorway just as I became free of the belt. I began unbuttoning and unzipping my pants and the pee just rushed out, full blast, into my boxer shorts. I completely ignored what was happening as I moved my pants and boxer shorts out of the way as quickly as I could and sprayed the rest into the toilet.

“Amy, do you remember where I put the cock cage?” Miss Amethyst asked. I sighed with relief as I listened to my stream shoot into the toilet water. Amy walked away from the bathroom doorway and retrieved the cock cage from Miss Amethyst’s closet full of toys, as I finished emptying my bladder.

Part 4

After Miss Amethyst had made me put the cock cage on, I didn’t know what she would do to me next. She warned me that I needed to be careful with the cock cage that I was wearing, because if I became aroused, I would feel pain from it, so I knew I would definitely need to learn to control myself whenever it happened.

Since Amy hadn’t finished giving me the tour before wetting herself beside the dining room table, she showed me the way to my bedroom where I would be sleeping.

“This is your room.” Amy pushed the door open and I took a good look inside. Sitting in the center of the room was a black, dog cage, designed for large dogs, with a sleeping bag, blankets, and pillows inside.

Sitting on the floor beside the cage was a fan that I could have on if it was hot during the night and laying on top of the cage was a pair of jeans and a pair of boxer shorts I had brought from home. I realized that I had forgotten to bring them in when I first arrived at Miss Amethyst’s house. Miss Amethyst must have brought them in, I thought, wondering if I would need to repay her for bringing them in for me.

Miss Amethyst walked in behind me. “Turn on the fan to a speed of your liking and then get into the cage, Mister Security Guard.” I set the fan on Low and I opened up the door on the front of the cage. The opening was just large enough for me to crawl in and once inside, there was enough room for me to stand on my knees.

“Well, now that you’ve brushed your teeth and taken your evening pee, I don’t think you’ll be needing out of there until morning.” Miss Amethyst walked towards the cage and knelt down in front of it. She closed the door and put a padlock on the latch so I could not open it from the inside.

For some reason that I could not explain, I had an intense fetish with dog cages, like the one I was in, and I began to feel aroused. It wasn’t long before the cock cage did its job and caused me pain.

“Miss Amethyst, thank you for bringing my clothes in from my car,” I said with a smile. “I must have forgotten to bring those in when I got here.”

Miss Amethyst put her face up to the cage door, smiling wide at me. “You are welcome, Mister Security Guard. But let me warn you right now, not bringing your stuff in yourself will be punished, tomorrow.”

I began to wonder what kind of punishment I might receive, but the cock cage interrupted my thoughts. “How will I be punished, Miss Amethyst?” She stood up and turned around. She walked away, but did not say anything, until she was standing in the doorway of the room I was in. She turned back and looked at me with a smile. “You will see tomorrow, Mister Security Guard.”

That was all of the information that I would receive. Miss Amethyst continued walking away and she instructed Amy to follow her. Amy closed the door and left me alone, in my room, inside of my dog cage.

After a long day of working as a security guard at a nearby bank and an evening of fun, I was feeling sleepy, so I decided to just lay back and try to rest. It was not long before I dozed off.

Before I knew it, I was waking up and bright sunshine was coming in through the window behind me. I discovered that my bladder was about seventy percent full and I needed to get out of the cage to empty it.

With a big yawn, I stretched out my arms and legs, barely touching the corners of the cage with my toes and fingers. It was sure a good thing that the cage was large or I would not have been able to do that.

I quickly grabbed my watch from beside the pillow I had used the night before and it said that the time was seven fifty-five a.m. Miss Amethyst had decided that between nine and nine-thirty in the evening was our bed time, but I was used to going to sleep every night at least an hour later and getting up each morning at about six, so I had slept a lot longer than I was used to. No wonder I needed to pee!

I got onto my knees and crawled towards the cage door after putting my watch on my wrist. I grabbed the cage door with my fingers and shook it a little bit. “Is anyone awake out there?” I received no response.

“If anyone is awake out there, could you unlock my cage and let me out? I need to pee.” Only silence. What the hell? I thought. I shook the cage door again, but the padlock was keeping it shut. It was then that I realized that the number one fantasy I had told Miss Amethyst about was coming true. My fantasy had been to be locked in a dog cage while needing to pee, but forced to stay in against my will. Oh god it was happening!

The cock cage that I was wearing began to hurt me, but I didn’t really care all that much as my heart began pounding in my chest. The fantasy I had always dreamed about was happening. I shook the cage door again, filled with excitement. “Will someone please let me out? Please?”

I began to shake the cage door again when I was suddenly startled by a loud beeping behind my cage. For a second, I lost control of my bladder sphincter and squirted pee into my boxer shorts, but I regained control and turned towards the source of the beeping. There was an alarm clock sitting behind the cage and somehow I had not noticed it before. I crawled towards it and noticed that it was shining up at the ceiling, at an angle. I looked up and sure enough, up above my cage on the ceiling, I could see a very faint “8:00”.

The clock continued beeping for about two more minutes before it stopped. I shook my head and smiled. I could not believe that I had nearly wet myself because of an alarm clock.

Thinking about nearly wetting myself reminded me of my situation and I crawled back towards the cage door. “Is anyone awake out there? Will someone please let me used the bathroom?”

Just then, the door to my room opened and Amy walked in. “Miss Amethyst had to leave earlier this morning, so she put me in charge of you.” I raised my right eyebrow, confused. “I thought Miss Amethyst was going to be home all weekend with us?”

Amy knelt down in front of my cage and unlocked the door. When she stood up, she was crossing her legs and moving her hips side to side. I pushed the door of my cage open and crawled out. “Well, did Miss Amethyst leave the bathroom unlocked for us?” I asked.

Amy nodded. “Usually when she needs to leave unexpectedly on the weekends, she leaves the bathroom door unlocked so we can get in if we need to. She also leaves the front and back doors open so we can go anywhere that we want while she is gone as well.”

I stood up and grinned, eager to empty my bladder. “Well, how about you go first, Amy. You clearly need to go more than I do.” A wide smile appeared on Amy’s face and she turned and rushed out of the room. “Thank you!” she yelled back.

I walked out of the room and went to where I knew the hall where the bathroom was and I found Amy holding the door knob with one hand, while pressing the other into her crotch. She did not look happy.

“What is wrong?” I asked. Amy looked at me. “It’s locked. She must have forgotten to unlock it for us!”

I stepped over to the door and tried to turn the knob. Sure enough, it was definitely locked. “Well, maybe we could go outside and pee.” Amy smiled. “Great idea, let’s go out the back door!”

The two of us hurried to the dining room where the back door was located. Amy got there first. She reached for the knob but could not turn it. “Oh no, the door is locked, we can’t get out!”

“Come on, we can’t be locked in,” I said. Amy looked at me with an expression of horror on her face. “But-” I pushed past her and interrupted what she was saying. “We are on the inside, so at the end of the knob there should be a-”

I reached for the knob and found only a keyhole on the end. “What the hell?” Amy was doing a pee dance and had both of her hands at her sides, squeezed into fists. “I tried to tell you! Oh god, I can’t hold it much longer and with this stupid chastity belt on, my hands are useless to help hold it in!”

I shrugged. “What about the front door? Maybe the front door is unlocked.” We both hurried towards the front door of the house which ended up being locked as well. “Why would she leave all of the doors locked?!” I cried.

Amy shook her head. “I don’t know why she would leave all of the doors locked David, but she did and I am going to pee myself, but I don’t want to do it on the floor!”

“Well, could we call her cell phone?” I asked. Amy shook her head. “She told me that she wouldn’t be available to answer until about eleven. She won’t even be home until noon and I can’t hold in my pee for that long!”

“Well, maybe there is something else we could do,” I said, trying to come up with ideas. “Maybe I could find an empty bottle around here for me to pee in and we could find you a bucket or an empty coffee can.”

“You might be all set, but she doesn’t keep buckets or coffee cans in the house!” Amy squealed in desperation and she followed me into the kitchen. “Maybe you could just pee in the sink?” I suggested

“Not the kitchen sink! That is against Miss Amethyst’s rules!” I laughed at Amy. “Maybe she will make an exception this one time.” I opened up the refrigerator and found the water bottle with my name on it. I began to unscrew the cap and Amy walked over to the sink. Once I had the cap off, I turned towards the sink to dump out what was left, when I noticed a devious smile on Amy’s face.

“What are you smiling about?” Amy reached down into her pajama shirt and pulled out a key from between her breasts. “I have the key to the bathroom and the front and back doors right here…”

Instead of getting angry, I opened my eyes wide and chuckled. Oh my god, if she wasn’t into girls only, like I think she is, she’d be a fun person to play around with, I thought.

“You have had the key this whole time?” Amy nodded as she held it up over the sink. “Yeah, I just wanted to play a game with you since you were new here.” I nodded and smiled.

Since Amy was still doing her pee dance, I assumed she actually needed to pee still. “Maybe you should go unlock the door now and get in there first. I don’t understand why you didn’t just go in when you wanted to if you had the key.”

Amy shrugged her shoulders. “Well, I wanted to unlock your cage first and I decided I could hold it in long enough to play a game with you, but maybe I should have gone before you woke up. I really need to pee!”

Suddenly, a spasm must have hit Amy’s bladder, because she groaned and both of her hands flew down towards her crotch, apparently forgetting that the chastity belt made her hands useless. When she did this, the key slipped out of her fingers and fell into the sink. “No!” I cried as I frantically reached into the sink to grab it. Unfortunately I could not save the key. It fell down the drain and disappeared from sight.

*008*2013-08-07 22:04

{{: 

Wow, definitely a interesting story as well as writing style.

}}

I'm glad you like it! Now, if only I could defeat the evil writer's block that is getting in my way of completing the next installment.

