Stupid bullies

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-05-10 05:13

So there's these horrible girls always making my life miserable but they made me have an accident today.

So we were in PE and it was swimming, I was already pretty desperate to pee and the water was not helping. When no one was looking, I would swim to the corner and hold my crotch until it was controllable enough to join in with my classmates. I waited until the end of class to use the toilet and practically ran to the changing rooms to quickly change as the toilets are on the way out.

What I didnt know was that whilst I was taking off my swimsuit, the girls had stolen my clothes, so I was standing there in the stall, completely naked and not able to use the toilet as they are outside the changing rooms. I grabbed my crotch and left the stall to check if there were any teachers, but because it was last period, everyone had left. I was super desperate and constantly wandering around with my hand pressed against my pee hole, wanting to know if someone were able to get my clothes so I could use the toilet. No luck. I started to leak through my fingers and was finding it hard and almost painful to hold it.

Suddenly, cleaners came in and I ran into a stall and locked myself in. I sat down on the bench and held my crotch for my dear life, not wanting to pee on the floor and embarass myself. I sat there in silence as I heard water running and a mop swiping on the floor. I was sweating pinball as I verociously squeeze my thighs together and clamped my hands against my pee hole. Eventually the cleaners were done, so once they left, I ran to the toilets with no witnesses and into a toilet stall. I moved my hand and my pee sprayed out into the toilet bowl like crazy. Just made it!

*002*2023-05-14 23:27

{{14 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

I love this plot but it would have to be fleshed out with many more details to be an enjoyable story.

}}

Thank you for the feedback, im pretty alright with storywriting but not too well versed in writing about omorashi. I'd love to know how I could possibly flesh out my stories to make them more interesting!

