The Little Voice

Author: AlmostWet

*009*2018-12-10 17:28

We go back to class and sit down again. The first thing I do is put my bottle of Coke back into my bag. It looks like it will be quite a while till I can make it to the bathroom and I can't afford to drink any more i want to have any chance at all of making it home to the toilet before I totally piss myself. Even if I cant make it all the way home at least there is a chance I can make it to the car before I loose control where everyone can see me peeing my pants like a little girl.

Its a lucky thing that I have only been sipping on my drink today. If I had been drinking it like normal there is no way I could avoid making a puddle before the end of class. Come on drink up. Dry panties are over rated. No, just because I may be willing to take the chance of wetting my self at home for you does not mean I will not set my self up where I have an accident in public. That is ok, fate may have set it up for you today. In fact I bet you have another pair of wet panties to wash when you get home.

I see the well hydrated girl take out another bottle of water and take a drink from it. I send her a txt that says,

Me: Are you sure It is a good idea to drink any more? You already need to go so bad that you had to cross your leggs to avoid having an accidet out there. If you drink that bottle of water you will probably embarress yourself by having to walk out of class in peed pants.

WHG (Well Hyrated Girl): thank you, I didn't think of that. I really wish I only had one bottle before break. Its really not fair that they closed the bathroom. I'm not sure I can keep myself dry even without drinking any more. It will be their fault when we wet our pants.

Me: I tell her speek for yourself. I don't plan on soaking my pants in front of everyone today.

WHG: I didn't start off the day planing to pee myself in class, but It looks like its going to happen anyway.

Sitting down makes it easier to control my need. For the next 45 minutes I wasn't in serious danger of having any additional leaks. Sure there was a time or two I had to clench my muscles a little tighter to maintain control but no real danger. Of course if I had just sat there and totally relaxed, my bladder would have done its thing and there would have been a slow trickle until it was empty. Come on, relax just long enough to let one little spurt out. How many times do I have to tell you no playing games in public. Any way if I let it start comming out I doubt I can limit it to one little spurt. Allright, keep holding it. The longer you hold it the more horny it is going to make you.

Look at her over there legs wiggling back and forth and tapping her feet. Think about how much she drank. Then when it started running through her she found the bathroom closed and had to hold it. Now imagine how her bladder must be sooo close to full. She can't even sit still. It looks like she is going to soak herself any minute now. I think she might be leaking allready. Is that a wet spot on the seat of her pants. Its hard to tell with her sitting down.

How can she act that way? Everyone is looking at her. It obvious she is desperate to pee. I would die from embarrassment if everyone knew I was about to wet my pants. She did said that she is going to end up peeing her pants in class today. That is so hot. I can feel your heart beating faster just thinking watching her struggle till her pants end up wet. Hay, This is a new twist. You are getting turned on watching her squirm around trying to keep her pants dry. Even I didn't realize that you like girls. I don't like girls. I'm just fascinated by the show she is putting on. And that I might get to watch her have an accident.

The problem is that watching her struggle is making it harder for me to hold my pee in. She might be willing to put on a show for everyone but I just can't do it. I have to sit still, stay calm and hide it. I can't let anyone know how bad I need to go. I can only hope that everyone is focused on her show and no one notices that I have to go almost as bad as she does. That might work. At least until the wet spot on your pants gets big enough to be noticed. There is no wet spot. Only my pad is wet and even that is just a little bit. For now, but watching her struggle is making you loose control. Speeking of loosing control, here comes your pee. Can you stop it this time? or will you totally piss yourself? Shut up, you ass hole. I'm not going to pee my pants, I just can't.

My bladder says its time to pee, now! I can feel it comming. It is almost there. Damn, I might actually pee my pants just like when I was 7 years old and stuck in traffic. No, I can't, I won't! It may be cute when a little girl pees her pants but a big girl can't get away with it. I clamp down with all my might and almost stop it. There is still a little trickle comming. It is right at the edge. Please no, not here, not now, not in front of everyone. Shit, shit, shit, I can,t stop it. Dribbbbbbble. Oh god, I'm starting to piss my pants. I squeeze as hard as I can. Lean forward just a little bit and press my pee hole against the chair. I think I got it stopped. But that hard squeeze It took to stop it made full on squirt come out.

I told you that your pants were going to get wet. Feel the warmth and wetness up against your pussy. It feels just like the other day at home when you pissed your panties. See how being so desperate to pee that you just can't hold it any longer and start wetting your pants right here in front of everyone makes you feel so good, so horny. Feel the hotness inside your pussy. It makes you want to touch yourself doesn't it? Sure it feels good. It might feel even better than when I peed in my panties at home. This time the tingles are all over my body not just down there.

See, I didn't wet my pants they are still dry. I'm not sure how but the pad soaked it all up. Are you sure the pad held it all? There might be a wet spot on your pants? I told you an accident can not and will not happen here in public. Sorry love, it is happening, right here and right now in the middle of class with everyone around you. The only way you are going to get out of this with your dignity intact is to hold your pee like a big girl. But so far you are not doing a very good job at that. One more squirt like that and it will be your pants and your chair getting wet. We both know it is going to happen. Just like your 7 year old self soaked the car seat your 21 year old self will soak the chair in class. The only question is what is worse, everyone seeing you peeing your pants or all of them watching you have an orgasm because you are peeing your pants.

My phone buzzes, making me jump.

WHG: Ah, Thats so cute. You look just like a little girl that is trying to hide that she is about to wet her pants. You are kinda small and with those loose shirts you wear I makes it hard to see your titties at all. That and your sitting there face all tense and blushing. It looks like you are about to start balling any second. Your even leaning forward so you can rub your pee pee against the chair without anyone noticing. So it doesn't take much to imagine you as a little 7 year old girl that is starting to go pee pee in her pants because there is no bathroom available.

Shit, can this day get any worse? Not only am I slowly peeing my pants in class and getting off on it. Now I going to start balling like a little kid. With her watching it all happen. She even thinks I am looking and acting like a 7 year old. At least she doesn't know I am peeing myself too. Thank god for sanitary pads.

WHG: Relax, its going to be ok. There is only a few minutes until we can get out of here. I don't think any one else has noticed your little problem. If they are paying any attention at all they are watching me sitting here doing the pee pee dance as the wet spot on my pants slowly gets bigger and bigger. While your getting close to having an accident at least your your pants are still dry. I am peeing my pants in slow motion and there is nothing I can do to stop it. If I wasn't sitting on my heal I would be sitting in a big puddle right now. The real problem is that as soon as I stop plugging my pee hole it will all come pouring out. But like I said its not my fault. How was I supposed to know I wasn't going to be able to use the bathroom during break.

Me: Please don't laugh at me any more or tell anyone. The embarrassment of them knowing that I have to pee so bad would just kill me. Its bad enough that you know.

WHG: No body else knows and I will never tell. I only know you have to go because I was there when we couldn't use the bathroom during break. I'm really sorry. I'm not trying to laugh at you. How could I laugh at you for being just desperate while I am going to have to walk out of her in wet pants. I'm also not trying to hit on you cause I'm not into girls, at least I don't think I am. But you really do look cute having to go so bad and trying not to squirm. It makes me want keep watching you not wiggile and squirm until you finally wet yourself. Then hug you, comfort you and tell you its ok, everyone has accidents sometmes. Wetting your pants today was not your fault. It only happened because those assholes shut the water off. What did they expect to happen when they wouldn't let you use the bathroom.

Me: I'm not sure how to take that. Your different than everyone else. They just stare and laugh at me. It sounds like you are hoping that I do wet my pants. But when I do you want to be nice and pamper me instead of being mean about it.

WHG: I know its wierd and it surprises me as much as anyone but thats what I am feeling.

Me: Ya, It is kinda wierd but your being so sweet about it makes me feel a little better already. It does help knowing that when we leave everyone will be looking at your wet butt instead of me. I know you ride the bus. You want a ride home so you don't have to put your wet butt on display for the whole world to see? Everyone here knows why you peed your self but out there they wont have any idea why it happened.

WHG: That sounds great. Not only are you cute you are sweet too. I may not be as cute as you or look as young as you do but it looks like instead of me watching you wet yourself like a little girl and comforting you I will be the little girl that pees in her pants today and you will be taking care of me. As soon as I stand up I will be peeing my pants just like a little girl who didn't listen to her mommies warning about drinking to much. (in my best little girl voice)

I'm sorry. It really was an accident. I know I shouldn't have drank so much water and I know I should have gone pee pee before I left for class but I was really thirsty and I ... giggle... kinda like how it feels when I gotta go potty bad. You saw me I really did try to use the potty like a big girl before my accident. I never expected it to be broken. If it was working I would still be all clean and dry. You gotta promise not to tell my mommy I went potty in my pants. She be mad cause she did warn me that I would end up wetting my pants one day if I keep it up my silly games.

It is a little strange her playing like a little girl while she is wetting herself. After she intentionaly drank so much and put off going to the bathroom just to make herself desperate cause it makes her feel good. I can't say anything though. The other day I did skip going to the bathroom when I got up even though I was already desperate. Then I didn't even try to make it to the toilet until after i started peeing in my panties. Just to see what it felt like and it did make me horny. How much is her rocking back and forth on her heal trying to hold the pee in and how much is an excuse to rub her self down there? She is flush and sweaty. See the longer she is touching herself the faster she is breathing.

Me: Don't worry sweety, accidents happen. I will get you home so you can get cleaned up before your mommy finds and you get in trouble. I promise I won't tell your secret if you don't tell mine.

WHG: One more minute and class will be over class is over. The professor just said that the water is back on now. I'm going to run to the bathroom and try to get at least some if it in the toilet. You had better hurry before you wet yourself too.

Me: There is no way I can run. That would be screaming to everyone that I am about to wet myself. That would be more than I could take.

Finally we can get up and go to the bathroom. I watch her get up. She shoves her hand between her leggs as soon as there is space for it to fit between her heal and her crotch. As she did so I got a quick look. She wasn't kidding she really did start to pee as soon as she stood up. There is a wet spot about the size of an orange and I will swear there are drops dripping from it.

She wispers to me: Oh shit its comming out and I can't stop it. I may get off on being desperate and doing the pee pee dance in front of everyone but actually pissing myself with them watching sucks. I wisper back: I not into girls either but I have been enjoying your show. You do look cute holding yourself like a little girl as the wet spot on your pant gets slowly bigger and bigger. She grabs my hand with her free hand and wispers I know your to shy to let everyone see you run so I will drag you there, come on lets go before we both have pee running down our legs.

As she is pulling me down the hall I keep looking at her butt and the back of her leggs. The wet spot is growing quickly now. I can even see the streams flowing down her leggs. I can't believe it I am getting as hot watching her piss her pants as I do when I am touching myself.

Come on skip the bathroom and take her straight home. No, I can still make it to the bathroom with dry pants. Dry pants are over rated. Tell you what, If you let me use the toilet now I will not use the bathroom until I bed time tonight or I wet my pants which ever comes first. I will hold it as long as I possibly can so it is just like a real "accident". Bed time is at least 8 hours away. There is no way I can avoid having the accident you want to see so badly untill then. Now I am going to tease you a little bit for once.

I can't believe I am thinking this but... Remember I promised till bedtime or till I pee my pants, but I always have to poop around 4:30 every day. If I don't drink anything this afternoon I might be able to keep my pants dry until 4:30, maybe even later. Then there is a chance that I might not be able to hold my poop until I pee my pants. So do I drink and force myself to have an wet accident early or do I not drink and take the chance of pooping my pants before I have to pee in them? I guess you will just have to wait and see. :-) Your so dirty. It may be hidden down deep but you are nasty at heart.

Are you sure you can keep your pants dry until you get to the bathroom? You have been so focused on her you forgot about your soaked pad and your impending flood. Now that I reminded you about it it's starting to come out again and you can't stop it unless you hold yourself in front of everyone. You know I can't do that. Damn you, why did you have to remind me? Now that I am thinking about it again I starting to ... damn it....drip...step...step...drip... step...drip. My pad can't take much more of this.

We are at the bathroom. Problem is there is only one stall available. WHG says it is to late for me but you can still make it as she pushes me into it. Pants and panties both come down in one motion and my butt hits the seat. My stream is as strong as a fire hose and it seams to go on forever. I check the damage. My pad is totally soaked and my panties might be a little moist but not really wet. Pants are compleatly dry. I have never said this before but I'm glad I am on my period today. See you survived peeing in your pants in front of everyone. It wasn't a full wetting but we are getting closer all the time.

Ha, Its not an accident unless my pants get wet. Told you I would make it. Pause and focus on your body for for a second. Your so horny you can hardly remember your own name. Your breathing like you just ran a mile, your nipples are poking through even your thick bra, your pussy is red and puffy, your clit is so hard it is sticking out like a little dick. As you touched yourself wiping you could feel your pussy clamp down like a vice and a bright flash went through you. It was hard to keep from moaning out loud. Now if only you could play with yourself here. That little orgasm didn't do anything to help it just made things worse. Now pull your pants up so you can feel the wetness of your little non-accident against your pussy again.

As I step out of the stall I see her standing there in a puddle looking down at her feet. She is beat red and looks like she doesn't know what to do. Her nipples are pooking out just like mine are and she is breathing hard like she has been running the same mile I was. I look at her and say your turn. She responds, to late for me. I don't need to go any more. I wisper in her ear you really do look like a cute little girl standing there in your pee pee pants needing rescued. Come on I will take care of you. Just ignore all of those assholes that are staring at you wet pants and laughing. This time I take her by the hand and lead her out of the building towards my car. Hold on a second let me put a trash bag down to protect the seat.

*011*2018-12-18 17:07

Is there any one out there that is good at art that would like to draw pictures of the characters in this story to help bring it to life a little bit better?

Edited December 18, 2018 by AlmostWet (see edit history)

*012*2018-12-19 20:57

Once we are in the car where no one else can hear us I tell her I really enjoyed your show. Her response is I enjoyed it too. All but the pissing in my pants part. Being desperate and doing the pee pee dance in front of everyone is exciting but loosing control and pissing my pants in front of all of them is not so fun. I liked watching you not putting on a show. I was a little disappointed when you made it to the bathroom. I don't want you to wet your self in class and feel bad but thinking I might get to watch you have an accident was geting me even more excited. As she says this she is running her finger tips up the inside of her wet legg. I really did soak myself good, didn't I? I tell her that I'm sorry you were embarrassed by it but it did make for a quite a finally to your show.

I'm thirsty. I reach into my bag and take out the bottle of Coke I didn't finish in class and take a big drink. She says careful now, you saw what happened when I drank too much. You never know when there will be a delaly. I say I hardly had anything to drink for the last 3 hours and on a normal day this would be gone by the end of class. I'm sure I will make it home with out any problem.

Now, if I am going to get you home you are going to have to tell me where you live. She tells me how to get there and says we better get going. My mom will be home in about an hour and I need to get these pants in the washer before then. She will be pissed if she finds out that I pee myself.

I hear her say oh shit. I forgot that our washer is broken. How am I going to get my pants clean before mom get home? I answer her with, Relax, remember this is my day to be here to rescue you. I have a washer at my place. When I get you home you take off your wet pants and put them in a bag. I take them home with me and wash them for you. She starts babbling on about how I am so sweet and how she owes me one. Only a true friend would give me a ride home after I pee myself in class and them be willing to wash my pisssy pants for me.

On the way to her place I finish my bottle of Coke. She comments you sure were thirsty. At this rate you will have to pee again in about 20 minutes. I assure her I will be fine. It only takes me 20 minutes to get home.

When we get to her place I tell her to take the trash bag she is sitting on inside to put her pants in. She says come on, my room is this way. Come on hurry up my mom will be here in about half an hour. As soon as we get there I ask what was it you said you wanted to do for me? Oh ya, watch me struggle to hold it till I wet my pants. I already enjoyed that show. Then you wanted to hug me. I put my arms around her, pulled her close and say Shh, its ok sweety, I'm here for you. Everyone has accidents sometmes. Wetting your pants today was not your fault. It only happened because those assholes shut the water off. What did they expect to happen when they wouldn't let you use the bathroom.

I feel the heat of her body and feel her boobs pressing against me. I even feel her nipples sticking out and poking into me. The smell of her pee is stronger when I am this close to her. She starts to ever so slightly rub herself against me while purring contentedly. As much as I would like to cuddle with you all afternoon you said I need to get those wet pants out of here before your mommy gets home and you get into trouble. She says I know but this feels so warm and safe.

I pat her on her wet butt and break the hug and slowly step back. I gently run my hands around her from her back across her ribs just under her arms. Brushing them so lightly she can barely feel it. Starting with the heal of my hands and ending with my finger tips. I run just my finger tips down her arms and take ahold of her hands. She looks at me and says, Keep that up and I will pee my pants again. I smile at her, as long as its just us here in private would that be so bad?

Were you serious when you said that you wanted to watch me not wiggile and squirm until I finally wet myself. She blushes and stutters. I..I'm sorry I'm not trying to be mean to you but..I..I..kinda was. I tell her, and I kinda liked wathcing you pee pee dance and rub yourself down there while you were sitting on your heal. I'm not trying to be mean either but I did enjoy watching you masterbate as you peed your pants.

Here is what is going to happen. I can't believe I am actually saying this but... Next time we have class both of us are going to drink a bottle of water and use the toilet before class. Then during the first half of cass we drink another bottle of water and go pee again during the break. The same during the last half of class with one more pee break before we leave. That way we Keep full of water but avoid any more accidents during class. Your welcome to drink more than that if you like but I'm not going to cause I won't be on my period then and won't have a pad on to catch the leaks.

After class we get in my car and drink another bottle of water before we leave the parking lot. Then we stop at the store on the way to my place to get some Coke, munchies and a pizzza. When we get there you change into the pants you are wearing now and we watch a movie. That way you can change back and be wering the same pants whan you get home that you had on when you left that morning. We pick movie that is at least 2 hours long. a movie. One that is really good, so good we do not want to interupt it just to take a silly little potty break.

It will take almost an hour to go to the store and get home. Then a little while for you to change pants. A few minutes to put a sheet of plastic on the couch and lay an old blanket over it. Time to pop the pop corn. With all those drinks in me there is no way I will be able to hold my bladder till the end of the movie. Hell with all that water I will probably be needing to go pretty bad by the time we get home and everything set up to even start the movie. Then we have all that Coke to drink during the movie.

You know me I can't admit that I have to go no matter how bad it gets. That means you will get a chance to see me trying not to dance or squirm until I really do have an accident. And I get to watch you pee pee dance and rub yourself trying to hold it in without reservation cause I live by myself and there will be no one but me there to watch you. We can't touch each other but are allowed to touch ourselves while watching what turns us on. That will be enough to have a good time. She looks me in the eye and says, I guess that is ok. Only one thing, getting pizza may not be the best idea. It always makes me have to go poop right after I eat it. If you make me eat pizza you will have to clean up poopy pants. I tell her, you have a really cute ass. Do you think it would look better with all poopy? She says, I might be willing to do it for you but I'm not sure if pooping my pants would be fun or not.

Could you do me a favor? I'm on my period today and I need to change my pad. Do you have one I can have? She pulls one out of her night stand and hands it to me. I tell her thanks, your a life saver. I tell her kinda have a little secret to let you in on. Weel...I...a...kinda...didn't.... quite make it all the way to the bathroom today. Now it is my turn to blush. I undo my pants and pull them and my panties half way down my thighs. I can't even admit that i have to go bad so there is no way I could touch myself like you did to hold it in. Watching you pissing yourself didn't help any. I didn't totally loose it like you did but I was leaking cause I just couldn't hold it any longer. Luckly it was only little dribbles and spurts so my pad was able to absorb it but if class laster any longer then....

She looks down and says wow, so I'm not the only one that had an accident today. Its an accident unless my pants get wet, I counter. That is so hot knowing that you were sitting there like nothing was wrong while you were actually wetting your self. Your good, you had everyone fooled, even me. I knew you needed to go prety bad but I had no idea you were sitting there wetting your pants a little bit at a time. She is running her finger tips around her belly and across the bottom of her boobs. And says, I swear you are doing your best to drive me so crazy that I loose control and start materbating right here in front of you while and piss myself again. I smirk at her and say actually that cums after class. And yes I hope I do get to see you frig yourself as you loose control during the movie.

I take the wet pad off and drop it in the bag. Putting the new pad into my slightly damp panties. Now lets get those pissy pants off so I can get them out of here. She starts pulling her shirt up. She winks at me as she says I have to take a shower so I might as well take everything off. She does a little strip teese dance as she pulls her shirt up. As she pulls it up past her nipples she streahes it tight across her chest pushing her boobs in just a little. When it gets to her nipples she pauses and rubs it side to side a few times teasing them and making them poke out even harder. See what you went and did you got me so horny that my bra can't contain my nipples. They are poking right through it. As the shirt goes the rest of the way over her head her hand swings it around in a circle and she tosses it at me. I start chanting strip...strip...strip.

She comes up and wispers/blows in my ear, I always have problems undoing this damn bra. Reach around an unhook it for me. Remember nither one of us is into girls so you can unhook and look but no touching the good parts.

My fingers start at the center of her belly as close as they can be to her boobs without touching them and wiggle in tickling motions as i run them around to her back. I unfasten the hooks one at a time. Once they are free it tale each side of the strap in my hands and slowly move it around to her front. Keeping it tight and the bra pulled up against her boobs. The whole time i am I am moving it side to side so it is rubbing against her boobs and her nipples. When it is pulled straight I move it up so the elastic at the bottom is pulled up and around her boobs pulling them up slightly as it goes. It gets caught on her pointy nipples for a few seconds before sliding past them and off her arms. Her breathing turns into short little pants interspaced with some ohs and ahs. Oh god she moans. That felt good. It even made me pee in my pants a little more.

I would love to play some more but mommy will be here soon she can't catch me in my pissy pants. As she pulls down her pants and panties she runs her fingers down her slit. Sorry I just couldn't resist doing that just once. You can see the rest of the show another time. Now you need to get these pants out of here and I need to go make friends with the shower head.

She gives me a hug pushing her bare tits up against my chest and kisses me on the cheek. I will see you in class.

Edited December 19, 2018 by AlmostWet (see edit history)

*014*2018-12-21 14:40

Thanks satyr, for the kind words and for the advice. This is what will help me improve. By the way the extra o in lose was just overlooked in proof reading. Again thanks for taking the time and effort to help a newbie out.

*015*2019-01-31 19:17

+++Making a slight change. What the little voice will now be in this font.+++

By the time I left her house I could tell I was starting to filling up. It didn't take any effort to hold it in yet but one would normally stop and pee at that point. But not me, I plan on being a naughty girl today. In fact I'm going drink a bottle of water and then head off to the store and not pay any attention to the fact my bladder is telling me I should make a pit stop

I carry the bag outside and get into the car. As I reach to oclose the door the top of the bag comes open and I catch a strong wiff of the pee. She really did soak herself. "You weren't far behind her, you just got lucky this time. This afternoon It will be you soaking your panties and this time your pants too."

"Ya, Ya, But that will happen at home so I think I might be able to survive it. She did it in class with everyone watching her."

"Even though she claimed it up set her to piss her self in front of everyone, it sure did make her horny. All the more reason for you to try it out."

"Not in public! You should consider yourself lucky I agreed to do it at home. Don't push your luck or I will never agree to do anything you want ever again."

"Sure you will, you can't resist. What has happened so far today has you almost as horny as she is. If you had held yourself trying to stop the leak you would have had a full orgasm instead of just the little twinge you got from peeing a bit into your pad."

Now to do some shopping on the way home. I need to get pads, drinks, munchies, puppy pads and a plastic sheet. It will not take too long. About 15 or 20 minutes to get there and a half hour to get what I need. I should be able to be done before there is any serious chance of my pants geting wet.

It took longer than expected to get to the store. I would normally be heading to the bathroom now because all those drinks are running right through me. I am getting close to full and there is a chance I might start leaking before I can make it home. I will definitely be starting to get desperate before I am done shoping. A good girl would hurry to the bathroom and not take the chance of not making it. But this afternoon I am going to be a bad girl and bad girls sometimes refuse to be good so they don't use the bathroom even though they have to walk right by it. The only toilet I am going to be using is my pants.

I must have been crazy to agree to doing this. I have one last chance to back out of this. If I head straight home I have a chance of making it there dry and respectable. But I have to get pads for my period. And if i go through with this i need the puppy pads to catch the mess when I finally loose control. So I don't have a choice, I have to go into the store. I should make it through my shopping before I start losing control. Even if I don't quite make it without leaking a little bit my pad should keep my pants dry. Remember there is no backing out even if you piss yourself in the middle of the store. You made a promise and you have to keep it.

The first thing I see when I go into the store is the bathroom. My bladder sees it too and says "there's the bathroom, we need to stop I'm full." I just keep on walking and bladder gives a squeeze to make sure I heard it. That makes me go from I'm getting close to full to I need to go. Squeezing my muscles alows me to keep control, for now. I didn't expect it to get bad this fast. If it keeps getting worse at this rate I will be desperate before I can finish my shopping. Still I can't stop at the bathroom. I have to get in and get out as quick as I can. The amount of time I can stay dry is limited. There is no way I can have an accident in front of everyone. It is tolerable for it to happen at home. I might even survive peeing myself in the car. But I would die if it happens in public.

So far so good. I definitely need to go but as long as I focus I can prevent any leaks. Looks like I might make it through this after all. There's the chips, they are on the bottom shelf. I just need to squat down to reach them. Oh shit, squatting down was not a good idea. I am dripping, gotta stand up before my pants get wet. As I hurry to get up I get startled when I bump into a shopping cart. The momentary loss of focus turns the drip into a leak. The woman pushing pushing the cart apologizes. Oh fuck, this can't be happening. She is looking right at me while I am peeing in my pants. I squeeze my muscles as tight as I can . There is one good squirt and then the flow trickles to a stop. She pauses for a second and gives me a funny look before asking "is everything ok?" I manage to stammer out "uh, I'm ok".

I want to run to the bathroom, lock myself in a stall and just cry as I finish peeing in my pants. Finish in my pants!?! Oh great now I am starting to think like the little voice. I can't do that I have to keep it together and try to salvage at least a little bit of dignity. I do my best to hold my head up and act normally as I walk around the corner out of sight. I can feel her staring straight at my ass the entire time. Is she looking at a wet spot? There shouldn't be any wet spot. I leaked more than this in class and there was no wet spot. So why is she looking at my ass. "Maybe she likes cute little butts that are soaked in pee"

Now that I am around the corner I take a deep breath and try to put my nerves back together. I dare a quick look down. I don't see any wet spot. And it feels like the pad soaked it all up. I simply need to take another breath, calm down, finish my shopping and get home before something happens that actually will show.

My loosing control even if it was only for a second or two has made my need worse. I am at the point that I have to actively hold it all the time or the leaking will start again. I am starting to get into real trouble here. I'm about to break down and ran for the bathroom but there is no bathroom in sight. Well, actually it is right where it was when I walked past it on the way in but I am not going to use it. I have to hold it together, I made a promise and I am going to keep it. Besides naughty little girls don't run to the bathroom just because they are in danger of loosing control of their bladder. They only go when they want to not when they are told to.

I got away with putting it off till the very last minute when I was 7 years old, even when it caused me to accidently wet my pants. The neighbor girl got away with it the other night when she refused to get up and go to the bathroom during the movie even though she knew she would not be able to hold it till the end. I think it gave her a thrill to be the bad little girl that was wearing a diaper and just sitting there beside me while she lost control and soaked herself. And my well hydrated friend got away with not going pee before class drinking way too much. Sure it caused her to leave a puddle on the floor but it also made her cum in her panties right in front of everyone. So there should be no problem with me getting away with what I am doing now. As long as I make it out of here before any thing starts to show.

I finish collecting everything that I need and head to the front ot check out. There is only one line open. The person at the back of the line is one of the guys in my class. Oh great, here i am on the verge of pissing myself with my pad already wet and now I have to stand in line behind some one I go to class with.

As I walk up i see that he is crossing his leggs and dancing around. Is he doing the PP dance? That looks a lot like a little wet spot on the front of his pants. As I get to the end of the line I make eye contact with him. He looks down at the floor and blushes.

"It was really unfair of them not to cancle class when the bathrooms were out of order. I never use public bathrooms because they are so dirty and nasty but for everyone else it was unfair. That was really nice the way you took care of your friend when she had an accident in her pants today. I wish I had a friend to take care of me like that." You will be fine, big kids like us hardly ever have accidents. Unless we drink too much in class when the bathrooms are closed or too dirty to use. And on the off chance it does happen to you I might be nice and give you a ride home too. He got even redded and said "I will be fine I live just around the corner so I will make it home... this time. That was strange, kinda of hot but strange. I will have to keep an eye on him in class and see if he puts on a show. Maybe I should bring him a bottle of Coke and see what happens.

I pay for my stuff and head out to the car. As I am putting my things into the trunk my bladder has another spasm. This one comes on faster than the rest. By the time I know it is happening my pee is right at the edge. As I squeeze my muscles. It stops the flow but it also causes a squirt to shoot out of me. This is not good. At this rate there is a good chance my seat will end up wet before I get home. I grab the puppy pads and take them with me as I get into the car. Ripping the package open I spread one out under my butt.

Now all I have to do is hurry home while my pants are still dry. Or at least mostly dry. That last squirt may have overloaded my pad. I reach down an feel between my legs. The pad is swollen and squishey and won't hold another drop. Any more leaks will go straight into my pants and the puppy pad. I fell a tiny bit of dampness but nothing that is visiable. So if I can get home quick enough to beat any more leaks no one will ever know I am going to the bathroom in my pants.

*016*2019-02-09 09:16

I made it home with just a couple more drips coming out. By the time I got home my bladders request for a pit stop had turned into a toilet, now! message. In fact when I walked through the door I automatically started running towards the bathroom. Then I caught myself and said "oh no you don't, naughty girls don't run to the bathroom just because they they are so full they already wet their pants a little." With as full as I was and my body knowing it was headed to the toilet before I stopped, it made me have to dance and hold myself to keep it all from comming out right then and there.

I coverd my chair with the plastic sheet and put a puppy pad on top of it. A blanket on top of that and you would never know they were even there. Now when I loose control the chair will be safe.

As I started the movie and pored the coke into a glass ( flowing water sound) my bladder sent me a message you really, really need to go before the move starts. If you don't you will not make it till the end. To emphise the point it forced out another few drops. But I told it no I am not going to behave today no matter how full you get or how much you complain. I just crossed my legs to stop the leaks and sat back to enjoy the movie and the the over full feeling.

I made it through the first part of the movie by crossing my legs. After a while the leg crossing wasn't enough anymore. I had to start sitting on my heal. After about an hour the leg crossing and heal sitting couldn't stop the leaks. Little squirts started comming out again. Out of desperation I ended up putting my hand between my legs and holding myself. That worked for a while then the only way I could stop it was by rubbing myself. That worked for a few more minutes, and felt good at the same time. That worked for a while but after a few minutes even that didn't stop the leaks from happening. Then for about 10 or 15 minutes I sat there effectively masturbating with spurts of pee squirting out and flowing around my fingers and onto the chair. I can't believe it, I actually had the nerve to follow through with it. I really was sitting there rubbing my self off while I totaly peed my pants. It ended up being the most intense orgasm I have ever had.

*017*2019-02-20 17:11

What started off to be a little story seems to have taken on a life of its own. It has grown way beyond what I envisioned at the beginning. In order to organize it a bit better and keep this thread from getting ridiculously long I am goning to break it up into several threads. One for each of the supporting characters and their story line. I will put links to all parts in this thread for the sake of convenience.

I would like to take a poll as to everyone's favorite character. And any ideas that you would like included in the story. Also if you have any new characters you would like to see let me know what ideas you have.

Character list

Main Character: Her name is Sara. She a little bit skiny, 5' 1" and about 98 pounds. Light brown hair brown and eyes. 32a Bra and almost fills it up, but not quite. She has always looked younger than she is. She is 19 but could pass for 14 if she tried.

The Little Voice: A voice inside Sara's head that only she can hear. I is actually the kinky side of her that has been repressed and hidden up until now. It keeps pushing her to explore and experiment deeper and deeper into her perversions.

Neighbor Girl: Sara's next door neighbor named Lisa that she sometimes babysits. Lisa is 4" 3" 80 pound 12 year old but because she acts immature for her age her mom doesn't trust her to be home by herself. Some times she is busy during the day she puts off going to the bathroom until the last minute. Then she ends up running to the toilet holding herself and putting on quite a show. Her panties are damp when she gets there and sometimes she wet her pants a little bit on before she gets there. Other times she know full well she has to go but waits and potty dances until her mom scolds her and tells her to go to the bathroom before she has an accident. In her mind its the only way to get attention from her mom. She rarely does it at school because the other kids make fun of her for it.

She wears pull ups to bed because most nights she wets in her sleep. If she wakes up dry she usually skips going to the bathroom and keeps the pull up until she has an "accident" before she changes out of it. She likes to get ready for bed including putting on a pull up a couple of hours early so she can pee in it before bed time. Her mom doesn't let her get away with this but Sara lets her do it. Lisa tries to talk Sara into wearing a pull up too.

Neighbor Girl's Mom: Pam is Lisa's mom. She is a single mother who works hard to take care of her family. Unfortunately that means she is not around. She is overprotective of Sara and tends to treat her like she is still a little girl.

Well Hydrated Girl: A New friend named Nancy that Sara made in school. Nancy gets off on holding her pee in public until she is on the verge of pissing herself. She wants everyone in the room to watch her putting on a show doing the potty dance. Another one of her kinks is while she is holding it she pretends like she is a little girl that is about to have an accident. She never plans to actually wet her pants but when you play those games it is bound to happen once in a while.

Not named yet: A guy from Sara's class that hinted he is into pee games. She ran into in the store while she was desperate on the day Nancy peed her pants and Sara was desperate because she skipped using the bathroom after class so she would end up wetting herself when she got home.

*018*2019-06-28 18:40

The next chapter can be found here

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/51173-picking-little-lisa-up-from-school-in-the-world-of-the-little-voice/?do=embed"

