Little boy's blues

Author: Storytime

*000*2013-06-06 00:48

OKay, it has been a long time since I've written and posted a story here and it is beyond tearing me apart. I handed this story in as a writing class assignment and I got a good mark on it XD I thought I would upload it here as well.

The wetting was apart of the initial story, though it is used purely as pathos and is incidental to the story. Enjoy :3

P.S This is not a series. If I do use these characters again, it won't be a continued narrative.

Little Boy’s Blues

Looking up into the darkness of my room, I almost felt safe. The walls almost felt warm. Almost pulsating with life. My bruises and cuts were almost healed. Everything just felt… almost. I thought back to a much simpler time. I thought back to the day that I found her: Sasha. I almost breathed her name and a sad smile crossed my face. I beheld her image in my mind’s eye and chuckled at the warm, fuzzy feeling that followed. I looked across the room and looked underneath a lamp on my work desk. The lamp sent its powerful golden streams on my most favorite possessions of Sasha’s: a red ribbon. If time could stand still or go backwards, I would not change a thing.

It began on the last day of school for the week; Friday. A day as happy as Christmas or your birthday. We were free from the prison of school for two whole days. I was smiling ear-to-ear. My best friend, Sasha, and I had made plans for the weekend to go the local pool at the YMCA. She was a black beauty or surely growing into one. She was about five feet tall with chocolate brown skin and jet black hair. She had big, round puppy dog eyes that most girls of her age seem to have had but hers were especially pretty because they held in them a softness that would invite you into her presence without the slightest traces of fear or hesitation.

Her lips were thin- almost like a last minute addition to her face. Lastly was that red ribbon she always wore. That ribbon was a part of her. She wore it in her hair every day. It was her calling card, her identity. It was the closest Sasha ever got to expressing her individuality outside of her drawings and paintings. She was a quiet girl and not really capable of holding conversations or even standing up for herself hence I became her friend. Her one and only.

As we picked up our bags from a corner of our fifth grade classroom, I took one last look. Thinking about it now, I’m glad I did. The room was white, smooth as untouched snow. It was dotted with charts that were meant to inspire us and many paintings, most of which were Sasha’s.

“Jake? I’m gonna use the bathroom then we can walk home,” Sasha said, almost whispering to me. Her face turned purple showing her embarrassment at mentioning the bathroom. I laughed it off and she walked away looking nervous.

I walked with her out of the room and down the hall to where there were two burgundy doors. One had a blue square with a stick man at the top and the other that had a stick woman with a triangle skirt. Sasha hesitantly and slowly walked into the room with the stick woman. I waited outside. Ten minutes later, three girls, who looked about two years older than Sasha and I, walked out laughing to each other. I ignored them and they kept laughing- one kept making baby sounds causing the other two to erupt in laughter.

I waited for over fifteen minutes after the obnoxious girls had left before cracking the door and whispering Sasha’s name. I heard soft sobs from inside and called louder. There was no response. I looked around the hall and upon seeing no one. I held my breath and entered the girl’s bathroom. It looked identical to the boys’ except that the checker motif was pink as opposed to blue and there were no urinals.

When I looked on the ground, I saw Sasha sitting, with her knees drawn up to her chest and her arms wrapped tightly around them. She looked up at me and drew into herself more and cried harder. Her sobs, now actually above a whisper, shattered my heart. Her tears ran down her cheeks like rivulets of diamonds. She looked away from me and continued crying. I could see water flashed around the room wildly and Sasha herself was sitting in a puddle.

“What happened, Sasha?” I asked with concern etched into every fiber of my being.

“Angela took my ribbon and splashed me with water,” she said between her soft, now almost unheard sobs. “Then she pushed me down and called me a baby. Then she and her friends teased me. When I tried to get away to use the toilets, they blocked me and made me pee my pants. Then they called me a baby again and asked if I needed to be changed.”

I sighed angrily and punched the wall, thus hurting my hand. I ignored the pain and extended my other hand to help her up. She looked up at me with a horror that was other worldly. I kneeled down beside her being careful not to touch the puddle of urine and stroked her hair gently.

“Come on Sasha, we have to get out of here. I’m in the girl’s bathroom for crying out loud,” I said in an attempt to be funny. It didn’t work. We sat there for a little and I continued stroking her now ribbon less hair. I could still feel the small gully it created as her hair was used to having the little clip on ribbon in it.

After another ten minutes, her tears subsided and this time I held out my hand, she took it. I helped her up and gave her my sweater to hide her pants. She looked out the door to make sure the coast was clear and she signaled to me that it was. I walked ahead of her and we both made it out of the school without incident.

This walk was oddly quiet. I would catch Sasha stealing glances at me but looked away when I tried to look back. I walked her home and gave her a big hug ignoring her wet pants. If anything, it made her look smaller and all the more adorable. She held on longer than we normally do and this time she looked me squarely in the eyes. She reached her face up to mine and kissed my cheek. It felt surreal. I felt dizzy and almost fell over. She took a step back, searching my eyes for a response. I held her close not really knowing why. It was as if my body went into autopilot and was controlling itself. I kissed her back and so it was my turn to take a step back. We looked into each other’s eyes, not really knowing what to do. I smiled and so did she.

After separating, I wordlessly watched her close the door with a smile on my face. I thought about her as I crossed the street and for reasons I cannot fully describe, I felt a little warm inside. When I got home, my mom was there with a knowing frown on her face. My ivory face flushed bright red with embarrassment. She sighed at me and folded her arms.

“Good Afternoon, Jacob D’ Lacey, how was your day at school?” she said, raising a single eye brow.

“Good,” I said and rushed upstairs to my room. I was taking off my backpack when I realized that I did not have my sweater. “Oh no…”

Sasha still had it! I ran back downstairs and my mother stopped me.

“Where is your sweater, young man?” She asked in a manner that was a bit too rhetorical.

Busted.

“My friend has it,” I said, not wanting her to have thoughts about me and Sasha. I did not know why I was scared. Sasha and I had been friends since we were both babies. We grew up together, played together, got bathed together and often slept together in the same crib and eventually bed. I don’t know why us kissing became some kind of secret. Besides, it was on the cheek.

“Why does your friend have your sweater?”

“She was cold,” I lied.

“She?” she asked, trying to hold back a smile.

Caught. Just like that. “Yeah, Sasha has it.” I looked away from my mother.

“Okay. Why didn’t you say that? Go and get it.”

I rushed out of the house and crossed the street. Sasha lived a stone’s throw away and her parents were friends with mine before we were born. I rang her doorbell and her mother came to the door and opened it, holding my now wet sweater in her hand. She looked at me knowingly and sighed but moved away motioning for me to come in. I stepped through the door and heard Sasha’s sobs coming from down the hall in the living room.

“What happened to Sasha today? She won’t tell me,” she said pointedly.

“She had an accident because some girls bullied her and wouldn’t let use the bathroom,” I said, averting my gaze.

Sasha’s mother, whom I called Aunt Zoey, sighed again. She rubbed the back of her neck with her palm and walked up to the living indicating for me to follow. We both got to the living room and saw Sasha sitting on the ground as to protect the furniture.

“Is Jake telling the truth, Sasha?” she asked with a passion that I had not heard before.

“Yes.” the poor girl sobbed, resuming the position I found her in when I went into the bathroom earlier that day. Sasha then recounted the actions of her tormenters and cried fresh tears. Her mother listened and almost broke down herself. I watched as she picked her small daughter off the floor and cradled her, ignoring her daughter’s soaked pants. She called me over and sat me down beside her and sat her daughter in her lap. She thanked me for helping Sasha and I felt like a hero. My ego swelled and stood puffing out my chest feeling like the man that I wasn’t.

On Monday, Sasha and I walked to school and we saw them. Sasha looked into my blue eyes and saw anger. I swelled with rage but Sasha begged me not to do anything. I looked at the ringleader and saw it: the red ribbon. I pointed it out to Sasha and she instantly raised her hand to her hair where the ribbon should have been. She choked back tears and begged me to keep walking. I, however remembering my hero worship from yesterday, could not sit idly by. I dropped my bag and charged the villainess. I tackled her to the ground and heard Sasha scream “NO!” in the background.

I ripped the ribbon out of her hair only to be tossed off by her friends. The three of them leapt on top of me and started punching and clawing at me. I ignored the pain I was receiving and searched for Sasha but could not see her. Where is she? I thought frantically, the pain starting to sink in. I was pinned down with my arms extended as if I was nailed to a cross, which left my body wide open for anything they could do. Just before anything else could happen, Sasha appeared as if from nowhere with a teacher at her side. The teacher saw the two girls holding my arms while the third one stood over me. The ringleader- the blonde haired and blue eyed demon- made a face meant to show anger but it was twisted in evil. The other two let go of me and I ran over to Sasha.

The ring leader then pointed at me and began crying, clutching at her side “That boy knocked me down and stole my ribbon, right out of my hair,” she cried. Her friends came to her defense and made me look as if I were the bad guy.

They jumped around, flailing their arms and yelling over top of each other, even going as far as to make things up. Unfortunately for me, the teacher listened to their plight and pointed toward the school building with a stern look on her face. She made a motion, trying to grab onto my shirt but missed. I tried to give Sasha her ribbon but could not. The teacher slapped my hand when I reached back and Sasha wept silently, mouthing ‘It’s okay’ to me.

As we sat in the office, I clutched onto the ribbon and drowned out the aching pain in my body from the abuse, I ignored the principal’s annoying, monotone drone of a voice and the burning sensation of the cuts that had been inflicted upon me. I did hear him mention that all four of us would be suspended for the rest of the week and that was when my pride was hurt. I squeezed the little red ribbon harder and when we were turned out of the office; my mother was there, waiting.

She looked at me covered in bruises and cuts and instead of being angry with me; she wrapped her arms around me, seeing the ribbon in my hand, and walked me home with a sad smile.

*002*2013-06-06 03:38

Ya, I am planning to use them for actual desperation and wetting stories. I just wanted to post the vanilla and gauge reactions. Thanks a lot :D

*004*2013-06-07 01:48

Well... first off, it's nice to see you again, G! Unfortunately (for you :P ) This isn't a series. I do plan to use these characters again but there won't be any continuity or overarching plot thread. I am just doing one shots. All of my attempts to write a series has fallen through and it isn't fair to those who have grown attached to just leave them like that so I think this is a good compromise. I get to write as I have time to while not having to manage an entire universe and characters and I don't disappoint anyone.

