Ed Roy's prisoner chapter 2

Author: Archivekitten

*000*2013-12-27 07:45

Chapter 1 is here https://omorashi.org/topic/18220-ed-roys-prisoner/

“Your bedroom’s that way. The kitchen’s right through that door and the library is the room right next to mine. You’re welcome to it but if I’m working I don’t want any distractions ok?” Colonel Roy Mustang shrugged off his jacket and gave Ed a stern look. “Are you going to hang up your coat?”

Ed jumped slightly. He was still slightly out of it from all of the sudden changes. It was a lot to take in and processing staying with the Colonel was just a bit overwhelming. He looked up at the Colonel with a dumbfounded expression before easing out of his jacket slowly. “I’m sorry” Ed bowed his head slightly diverting his gaze from Roy’s.

“What?” Roy asked.

Ed hung his jacket beside Roy’s. “I’m sorry”

Roy sighed. “You have no reason to be sorry Ed. I’m going to make some tea. You’re welcome to join me in the living room if you’d like some.” Roy then proceeded into the kitchen to make the tea leaving Ed standing in the empty hallway.

Cautiously, Ed began exploring the Colonel’s house. There seemed to be a total of three bedrooms downstairs. He peered cautiously in to the two vacant rooms. The one which Roy claimed was going to be Ed’s room had a dresser, a nightstand, a bed and what looked to be a small radio. Ed assumed that it was probably a guest room before he was forced to stay. The other room was similar however it was missing the radio and nightstand. Edward closed the doors gently and made his way down the dull colorless hallway. It was a little odd but not particularly out of character for the Colonel. It felt empty, really. There were no pictures on the wall the floor or anything to show he really had a life outside of work. It was depressing…..

The hall ended abruptly and Ed looked in on the living room. It was the most open and inviting room in the house it seemed. The flooring was wooden but in the center of the room a lavish looking rug was laid out under a mahogany coffee table. The couch looked soft and was a light blue grey type color which matched the throw pillows perfectly. On the mantle of the fireplace sat some pictures but they all seemed like they came from Hughes. Ed sat on the couch and continued examining the room until Roy reappeared with a white ceramic tea pot and two mugs.

“I hope you like Earl Grey. It’s the only stuff I keep stocked besides that crappy Lipton junk for when I hire hookers.” Roy said gruffly.

Ed blushed and nodded briefly. “I’m glad you respect me enough to bring out the good stuff.” Ed muttered quietly.

Roy poured the tea into two separate mugs and handed Ed his. “Careful, it’s hot.”

Ed ran his tongue over the rim of the cup and inhaled the earthy scent of the beverage. He paid little attention the Colonel’s warning and sipped the tea anyway. “You don’t mind me staying do you Colonel?”

Roy jumped slightly, so that’s what had been bugging the kid. He’d been awful quiet since this whole thing began and it was starting to weird him out. “Ed, I’m the one who requested you stay in the first place. It’s not exactly ideal but for the time being I think you need to.”

Ed looked pensively into his teacup and sighed. “Why do I need to be here to fix my problem?”

Mustang rubbed the back of his neck to ward off what felt to be another headache. “Ed, uh.. bedwetting well, at least your bedwetting, its less of a physical problem and more of a psychological issue.”

Ed glanced up at the Colonel in confusion before taking another sip of his tea.

Roy sighed softly and looked at Ed directly. “It’s becoming clear to me now that you need someone looking after you. I’m only looking for you to stay until I’m sure you’re in good health. After that you’re more than welcome to move forward in finding the philosopher stone independently of me if you wish.” Roy’s gaze softened. “It’s been a long time since you’ve had anyone taking care of you Ed. That isn’t right and no kid should be put through what you’ve been put through.”

“Getting a little sappy there eh Colonel?” Roy jumped slightly and Ed glanced behind him. Standing there was Riza Hawkeye carrying what looked to be a bag of groceries. She was dressed down in civilian clothes but somehow it only made her look more intimidating.

“What’s up lieutenant?” Ed asked sprightly.

“Nothing really, I was just stopping in to check on you two. I figured since Roy has an aversion to grocery shopping I’d just drop these by. He’s not much for preplanning things. Besides myself I don’t think he’s had actual company over in at least six months. Anyway you guys keep talking I’ll just put these away and be out of your hair.” Riza made her way in the kitchen and started putting away the groceries.

“Did you hear her come in?” Roy asked nervously.

Ed shook his head. “No.”

“How is she so good at that?” Roy sat back on the couch and looked at Ed. He was almost done with his tea. “Are you hungry? I’m sure Riza wouldn’t mind cooking something for us.”

Ed looked up. “That depends, what would she be making.”

Roy thought about it for a minute. “I’m in the mood for pasta.”

Ed shrugged. “I’d eat that.”

Roy then stood and went into the kitchen leaving Ed by himself in the living room. He had finished his tea a few minutes prior and was starting to feel an urge to use the toilet. It wasn’t too intense however so he didn’t concern himself with it. He did need to figure out where the bathroom was though. Roy had neglected to tell him where it was and he didn’t really want to ask.

With a sigh Ed stood and poured himself another cup of tea which he drank a little faster than the last. Ed opened a few doors but the one’s he opened all either led into closets or the laundry room. Ed started to panic a little inside and he really regretted drinking that last cup of tea. There were only two doors he hadn’t checked yet and one was the Colonel’s room. Maybe it had a master bathroom? Just thinking about it made Ed need to go worse. He didn’t really want to go in Roy’s room. He might get in trouble for it but he was so desperate at this point he was sure if he didn’t check he’d have an accident.

Ed moaned quietly and made his way across the living room to Roy’s room. He peered in quietly and searched for doors. There was one on the other side of his room and seeing it almost made Ed lose control. He was so close. He ran quickly over to the door and opened it. He was trembling from the exertion of holding it and his bladder was aching for the relief he hoped to find behind this door.

Just as he got the door open he felt a leak and had to double over to stem the flow. He looked up and was completely and utterly disheartened by what he saw. It.. it was a closet. Ed sniffled and tried to starve off his tears. He needed to go so bad. There had to be a bathroom somewhere! Maybe… maybe it was off the library. Ed tried his best to straighten up but his desperation came on so fast.. He took a deep breath and made his way out of the Colonel’s room careful to close the door behind him.

“Hey Ed where’d you go dinner is almost ready!” Roy shouted from the kitchen.

Ed leaked several drops and inwardly began panicking. “I was just looking for the bathroom! I.. I found it. I’ll be at the table in a minute.”

Roy frowned. “Ed the bathroom is just off the kitchen. You couldn’t have found it. I don’t appreciate being lied to.”

Ed bit his lip and tried to straighten up. “I.. uh.”

Roy walked out into the living room to see Ed doubled over in desperation. He gasped. “Ed you should’ve asked me where the bathroom was!” Roy ran his hand through his hair and looked down at the kid. “Why did you say you found the bathroom when you obviously didn’t.”

“What’s the matter Roy?” Riza walked out into the living room and groaned. “Ed, why did you hold it so long? Roy take him to the bathroom, He’s obviously not going to make it on his own.”

Ed looked up startled and lost a few drops but before he knew it Roy was picking him up.

Ed blushed he couldn’t believe this was happening. He squirmed in Roy’s grasp and tried his best to contain his bladder but he could feel himself failing. It started trickling out slowly and Ed bit his lip as his pants started to darken in the front.

Roy grimaced. “Just hold on a little bit longer.” Swiftly Roy placed Ed down and lowered his pants however he knew he didn’t have time to get his underwear down before he noticed Ed was no longer in control. Ed squeaked. Roy quickly sat him on the toilet and watched as the boy wet his underwear. His shoulders slumped and he sighed. “I’m sorry I just…”

Roy frowned. “We’ll talk after you finish and get cleaned up.”

*002*2013-12-27 21:18

I'll take that into account when I write the next chapter. (I'm not exactly reliable though so don't hold me to writing another one >.<)

