Naruto Omorashi: Tsunade (requested by Pain 予言の子)

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-05-04 15:42

Naruto Omorashi

The day started early for Tsunade as it usually did, she woke up as she usually did...like a bear with a sore head. Everyone knew to stay out of her way until she'd had her cup of Chamomile tea. Shuffling into the bathroom, she headed towards the toilet to have her first pee of the day, that was one of the most important things for her in the mornings, her morning piss. Pulling her pyjama pants down, she sat on the toilet and let go, giving a slight groan as the pressure in her bladder was released with a thick and hissing stream of golden fluid. With that done, she wiped, pulled her pants up and flushed before washing her hands and heading towards her kitchen to get her favourite caffeinated beverage.

Morning routine completed and after three cups of Chamomile tea, Tsunade made her way towards the Hokage tower. She'd promised herself that she would do the humongous amounts of paperwork that needed doing and she'd promised herself that she'd do it today, with the added aid of Sake of course...that is if Shizune hadn't hidden it again. Upon arriving at the tower, she made her way up the stairs ignoring the way her bladder twinged slightly, a minor annoyance that wouldn't stop her from doing what was necessary. A few more times her bladder twinged and she ignored it until she got up to her office, she was about to head to the bathroom across from the office, but she was stopped when Shizune stopped next to her.

"Good morning Lady Tsunade" she said.

Tsunade merely smiled at the black haired poisons expert and changed her direction, instead of going to the bathroom she went into the office and sat behind her desk. Reaching over, she picked up a scroll and unravelled it, reading what was inside. A mission report from a recent mission by a group of Genin. Kami these reports were boring, D ranked missions quite often were the boring ones as they were only doing things around the village, helping out villagers who pay lousy money for such services. Her bladder twinged again and she fidgeted a little while reading, but once again the urge was forgotten as she read the scroll.

A yawn escaped her as she read a dozen more D ranked mission scrolls, each as boring or even more boring than the last. The C ranked mission scrolls weren't much better, but she continued to read through them and sort through them accordingly. However, when Shizune left the room on a mission of her own, Taunade hastily reached down into her drawer and pulled out the bottle of Sake she had in there and the little cup she kept in there too. Pouring herself a cup, she sipped on the liquid as she read through the next mission scroll. By the time she was finished with the C ranked missions, she'd just about had four cups of Sake and her bladder now gave a more insistent twinge.

Deciding that perhaps now she should head to the bathroom, she stood up behind the desk and went to walk towards the sanctum of the pristine bathroom across from the office she had just been in. Trying the door, she growled a little to herself as she realised it was locked. 'Who in their right mind locks a bathroom?' She thought to herself as she turned back to go into the office and find the key. However, as she did a young Chūnin came hurrying up to her.

"Lady Hokage, your presence is needed at the hospital urgently" he said.

Glowering at the Chūnin, the blonde Sanin nodded and made the appropriate hand sign and disappeared from her position between the bathroom and the Hokage's office, only to reappear in the hospital. Once there, she was quickly escorted to where she needed to be and upon seeing what condition the shinobi on the gurney was in, set to work immediately. As she worked, she yet again ignored her bladder as it gave another insistent twinge, for now wasn't the time to be worrying about whether or not she should use the bathroom.

After three hours of non-stop work, Tsunade had successfully healed the injured Jōnin and now all she wanted to do was go back to the Hokage's office and drink her Sake, however...what she had heard from the other conscious shinobi, wasn't very promising. So instead of heading to the Hokage's office, she made her way to the council residence to let them know of what she'd heard. As she walked, her bladder gave yet another insistent twinge, she wasn't desperate, it was more of an annoyance now really.

When she'd finished talking to the elders, she went back to her office, sat down at her desk and pulled out a full bottle of Sake. As she tipped the liquid into the cup, her bladder gave a sharp twinge, one that she mentally told to go away in less than polite words. She downed the cup of Sake and poured another before downing that one as well, this went on until she'd drunk the whole bottle and now slumped in her chair with her elbows on the desk and her head in her hands. She knew that being Hokage would be more trouble than it was worth, but she was still confident that she could do it. In fact, she had to do it because she had to prove that she was a good Kage to Naruto.

She stopped in her line of thinking for two reasons, reason number one was the fact that her bladder gave yet another sharp twinge, this time it was more urgent than the last one and number two, was that she wasn't going to prove herself to that blonde haired, hyperactive little brat, no matter how much he reminded her of her little brother and Dan. She sighed and then rubbed her temples as Shizune came into the office.

"Lady Tsunade!" She chastised.

Tsunade glowered up at the poisons mistress and then slowly sat up in her chair. She knew she had the black haired woman for a reason, but after hearing something so damning in the hospital she felt like she deserved to have a drink, or two or maybe fifteen.

"Don't start with me Shizune" she said.

She then took another drink, despite how her bladder protested the action. She stood up and was once again about to go to the bathroom, until Naruto barged his way into the office.

"Baa-Chan, I want a mission!" He yelled.

Tsunade glowered at the young blonde boy and growled. Now really wasn't the time for her to be dealing with this idiot. Sitting back down she waved him away.

"Leave me alone brat, I have more important things to do than to listen to you run your mouth" she said.

Her bladder gave a sharp protest and she fought a wince at the pain. However, she was a strong willed kunoichi and she wasn't about to let a trivial thing like wetting cause her any grief. Besides, as a medic she knew what her limit was and how fast she would reach that limit and if she were honest, she was nowhere near her limit yet, heck she hadn't even started to be on the scale towards her limit. Looking up, she noticed that both Shizune and Naruto were looking at her.

"What!?" She yelled.

The poisons expert and the knucklehead shook their heads and then Naruto crossed his arms over his chest.

"So do I get a mission or what?" He asked.

Tsunade fought the urge to roll her eyes and picked out a nice and easy D ranked mission, before handing it over to Naruto. The boy took one look at it and yelled before throwing it back.

"I want a real mission!" He yelled.

Tsunade growled, she couldn't believe the nerve of this kid. She slammed her hand on the table and stood up her honey coloured eyes glaring into the blue eyes.

"You listen to me you whining little brat, you might have disrespected the last Hokage but you sure as hell aren't going to disrespect me. D ranked missions are just as important as C, B and A ranked missions, but as you are only Genin D and C ranked missions are all that you are going to be doing until you reach Chūnin!" She yelled back.

Naruto looked at her and she smirked a little when she saw a hint of fear and surprise written over the fox boy's face. She quietly sat back down and handed over the mission scroll again. This time Naruto took it without a peep and stormed out of the room. Shizune looked at her and then made a little noise when she got the same glare, before running out of the room.

A few hours later, Tsunade was beginning to get rather desperate to use the bathroom. She squirmed in her seat often, but tried to keep still when she had people in her office, not really wanting anyone to know that she needed to piss. When she finally had some time to herself, she began to rummage through the drawers of her desk to find the key to the bathrooms however, one of the nurses from the hospital came into the office again.

"Lady Tsunade, there is a major operation happening at the hospital. The surgeon requests your presence" he said.

Tsunade looked up at the male and growled, she didn't want to be dealing with anything right now, she just wanted to find that key to the bathroom and go for a piss. However, it seemed that the medic just wasn't going to leave so she sighed.

"Fine, I'll be there immediately" she said.

The medic nodded and disappeared. Tsunade got up carefully and made the tiger seal, before disappearing and reappearing in the viewing room of the hospital. As she wasn't alone, she refrained from moving from foot to foot, but that simply made her desperation worse. The operation was going to be a long one, it was a very complicated procedure, which is why she understood why the surgeon wanted her present, in case anything went wrong. She didn't know how much use she was going to be in her current state though, but she would try.

Five hours later and the operation was a success, but Tsunade's desperation was now past the point of no return. She was spurting rhythmically into her pants as she stood in the viewing room and she didn't know if she could walk towards the hospital bathrooms. She did try though, she walked carefully but fast towards the restrooms, each step she took she dribbled a little and she was aware of a small wet patch on her pants, though it was hardly noticeable. When she did finally get to the bathrooms, she walked in to find that all three of the cubicles were full, giving a growl she stood there, her thighs pressed together and her foot tapping impatiently.

She froze when her bladder gave a strong contraction and she leaked into her pants, a line of piss shooting down her leg and making her pants wet too. She refused to hold herself like a child, but she knew that if one of these cubicles didn't open up soon, she was going to have an accident. A few more minutes proved to be her undoing as she froze again. She started leaking again and this time she didn't stop, a loud hiss escaped her as she began to piss full force in her panties and pants, what was worse was that one of the cubicles opened up as this happened. The Chūnin stood there and simply looked at her as she pissed herself. When she was finished, she simply looked at the other woman, a blush upon her cheeks.

"If you so much as mention this to anyone else, I will make sure that you're demoted back to Genin" she said.

The Chūnin nodded and then hurried out of the room. Clearing her throat, she walked out of the bathrooms and ignored the looks of everyone as she walked up to the desk.

"We need a janitor in the ladies bathrooms" she said.

The nurse on the desk nodded and watched as Tsunade walked out of the hospital.

*002*2015-05-05 17:21

{{:

Great history, certainly Pain will like xD

}}

Thank you very much. I'm glad you enjoyed it.

