Permission

Author: Monchele

*000*2015-05-28 20:50

Chapter 1: Where it all began

Summer Paige is a 20 year old girl. She is a short Caucasian, with brown eyes, and has long wavy brunette/blonde ombre hair. Summer works at home, where she is a web designer. Summer is wearing gray sweats, a blank shirt, and some blue tennis shoes. Summer was just walking around her neighborhood, getting some exercise. When out of nowhere a black van came behind her, knocked her out, and that's all she could remember.

Summer is waking up, in a abandoned warehouse, chained to a table, with her hands and legs in cuffs. Summer hasn't gone to the bathroom, since she left home and started her walk, which has been a few hours. Summer doesn't know where she's at, nor what's she doing here. But she sure hopes someone is here.

"Help, is someone here?" Summer yells, as her bladder is filling up quickly, from all the water she accumulated from her walk.

A man in his mid 20 appears, he's wearing all black leather, and has dark brown hair, with his bang swoop. His name is Asher, he's a writer, and writes from home. He realized he was missing something in his life, and that was a little girl. But he didn't want just any little girl, he wants an adult pretending to be little girl.

"How's my little girl doing?" He asked, walking towards her.

"I don't know who you're talking too, but I'm not you're little girl." She said, squirming around.

"You are my little girl, and nothing is going to change that. I'm Asher. Asher Branden, and you will call me daddy, or papa. What's your name?"

"I'm Summer Paige. and I will not call you that, and I'd like to you to let me go, please." Summer responds.

"I won't be letting you go, til you say you're my baby, and call me daddy or papa. I got all night." Asher said, leaving.

"Please, let me go, and we'll keep this between us." She suggests.

"Nope, don't think so, do you want the light on or off?" Asher asked, approaching the switch.

"I want to be let go." She whines, trying to press her legs together.

Asher smirks, knowing what's she's doing. "Why should I let you go?" He asked, walking towards her.

"I'm sure you know why, please take off the hand cuffs." She begs.

"I don't know why, and maybe I'll take them off."

"I gotta go, and please do." She pleads.

"Go where, you have no where to go?"

"I gotta use the bathroom, please let me go, I had too much water earlier." She whines, attempting to bounce.

"I'll take the hand cuffs off your legs, if you say you're my little girl?" He bargains.

"Fine, I'm your little girl." She said.

"Nope, you have to say it like you mean it."

"I'm your little girl, who needs the bathroom." She said.

He takes the handcuffs off of her legs, which she crossed once they were taken off, which made her feel better, but she wished she could also hold herself with her hands.

He knew this would be easy and fun. Asher has a pee fetish he loves it when girls hold, and act desperate, and wet themselves, or wet diapers. He had fun things planned for Summer and plans to enjoy every minute of it. Even if she hates every second.

"I'm sure you want your hands uncuffed too?" He asked.

"Yes, please more than anything." She said.

"Then you have to call me daddy, and ask me." He said.

"No I'm not calling you daddy, or papa, or anything in that nature."

"Fine." He said, spreading her legs, "How do you like that?"

"I don't, please let me cross my legs." She said, letting a spurt go, in her gray sweats, making a tiny spot.

"Awe then you better call me your daddy then, and ask me to stop and take of the cuffs, before you have an accident." He smirks.

"Okay, daddy please let go of my legs and take the hands cuff off, because I really need to go to the bathroom, and it'll help me hold and not have an accident." She begs.

He gladly stops, as she presses her thighs together and crossing her legs, He then takes the other set of cuffs off, and she jams her hands in her legs.

"You can get off the table, and we'll head inside." He said.

She slides off the table, "And I can use your bathroom?" She asked.

"Maybe, first I'm going to give you a tour of my house, which is now your house, and tell you some rules." He said, leading her in.

First is the living room, dining room and kitchen. It's an open concept. Dark woods floors, teal walls. It's perfect because if he's cooking he can keep an eyes on her, and makes sure she doesn't be naughty. Then they head to the bathroom, it's usually for guests, but she'll go down their when it's playtime, or if their eating, he has a purple training potty, if he decides she can be big.

As she was looking at the bathroom, she wiggles, "Can I go?" She asked.

"Not yet, were not done." He said, heading up the stairs, with his help. Where he shows her his room. Then they went to her room. Her nursery is pink, filled with owls, and butterflies. Then she shows her playroom, "We'll be in here a lot, if we're not watching TV, or movies." He informs her. Next he showed her the bathroom, which is between her room and the playroom. "This is the potty, you'll mostly be using, if you're not in diapers of course." He said, he watches her bounce and struggle. There was a turquoise training potty, with pink owls on it, unlike the one downstairs, this one makes noise when she uses it, as she goes.

Next they went down stairs and he showed her the large, private fenced back yard, which had a play gym, soccer balls, t-ball unit, and other kid games. It also had a deck, with grill, the back yard, was big, but maybe they'll get more stuff later on, since there's still some empty spaces.

Finally they went down to the basement. The basement has dark woods, and it's red. The main room, is a movie room, where they'll watch all their movies, then it also has a bathroom, which he shows her.

"Can I go now, please." She begs, bouncing and is clearly doing the potty dance.

"Almost, next we're going to discuss the schedule and rules." He states. "Your bedtime is 9:00pm, and you'll be waken up between 7-8am. You'll either call me daddy or papa. You'll eat breakfast right when you wake up, then after breakfast, we'll play, watch TV til lunch, which is at noon. After lunch is a nap, it has to be at last an hour before you can do anything else, we'll play some more, then dinner. After dinner we'll watch a movie, then it'll be bath time, maybe a little play time. Then you'll go to bed. Sometime it'll be different, based on if I have a special treat plan.

The rules, is to never give me attitude, you will ask for snacks. If I tell you to do something you do it. You will be respectful and have manners. You will talk like a little girl. You will say words like tinkle, potty, peepee, water, when you need to go. Sometimes though, you'll be rewarded and be an adult, but then we'll be playing fun games, but mostly you'll be a little girl. When we are out, you'll be a little girl, if were going to a ABDL community. If aren't going to an ABDL community, you'll be an an adult and we'll be playing those games, I'll let you know if were going to an ABDL community or not. You'll know based on what you're wearing. But that won't be often, those days will be your rewarded days. But with being a little girl, you have to ask for the bathroom, and I have to say yes for you to go, if I say no you have to hold it, like a good girl, that's if you're being naughty." He said.

"Okay, can I go right now?" She asked.

"No, you'll start being a little girl tomorrow, right now you're an adult, and I have a game planned." He said.

"What game is it?" She asked.

"You'll be a slave, and I'll be the master. You'll address me as master, and only master. You'll change into a new panties, and a skirt, and you'll hold unless I say otherwise." He said. "Your adult clothes are in my room, follow me and I'll chose for you." He said, leading her into his room. Where he hands her a light blue skirt and white panties. "I'll give you privacy, while you put them on." He said, turning away, as she puts them on. She uncrosses her legs, as she pulled down her sweats, which makes her pause to hold herself, before she continues. She takes her panties and sweats off, and placed them on his bed, then puts on her new white panties and the skirt, where she holds herself, "I'm done." She states.

He turns back around, and looks at her. "Awesome, we'll be going to the living room, and watch some TV." He said, helping her downstairs.

"Can I please go to the bathroom now?" She asked, twisting around.

"Clearly you can hold it, let's a watch a little TV." He said, as they both sat on the couch, where he turns on a waterfall documentary.

She whines, and watches the waterfall, crashing on the babbling brook, and how it gushes down, splashing into the river. She held herself and bounces.

Asher is watching her, she literally looks like a little girl, about to burst. She was bouncing and squirming, crossing her legs, uncrosses them, and she holding herself with both hands, but if looks like it's not even helping.

The waterfall that they're currently talking about, is clear, like water, it's slowly follows it, then the next look it's gushing like crazy, which reminds her of spurting, and fully going, she had to stand up, and dance.

"Master, can I please go, it's torture?" She asked.

"Go where?" He asked.

"The bathroom, I really need to go, it's an emergency." She begs.

"Oh, but we just started the documentary, come sit." He said.

"I can't I really gotta go, please I can't hold it." She begs.

"Show me how you gotta go."

She lifts her shirt up, and shows her bulging bladder.

"Wow, it looks like you gotta go, but show me, by dancing." He requests.

She does the potty dance, where she's holding herself, bouncing, and crossing her legs. She also shifts from foot to foot, and gives him the "I really gotta to go, it's an emergency, I can't hold it much longer." pleading look.

"I won't let you go fully, but I'll let you go a little, but you have to stop, when I say, and we have to walk to the deck." He said.

"Okay deal." She said, ready to let some out.

He leads her to the deck, where he turns the back light on, to where he can see her perfectly. Since it was night time.

She holds herself, while squirming on the deck.

"First, I want you too take off her skirt, so it doesn't get wet." He commands.

She squirms as she does so, holding her crotch tightly, as a breeze hits.

"Once you remove your hands, you can let some out, but I'll let you know when you have five seconds left, and when you can stop." He says.

She removes her hand, and the bottom of her panties were getting soaked, as the white was fading, and a small puddles as forming around her, she spreads her legs, so her legs wouldn't get wet. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh much better." She sighs.

He was counting down from 10 "Five more second." He informs her.

She squats and goes some more, as her pee was leaking out of her like one of those waterfalls.

"Stop." He said, she stops, but squirms and holds herself.

"Don't you feel better?" He asked.

"Yes, but I still gotta go, really badly."

"I'll give you a challenge, if you drink a jug of water and holds for thirty minutes, without spurts, I'll let you go, but you have to go on me. And I can tickle you and torture you for that thirty minutes." He suggests.

"Okay, deal." She said.

"Put on your skirts, and sit on the couch, as I'll get you your jug of water." He said.

She sits on the couch and he brings a milk jug, full of water. "I want you to drink all of it, and once you drink every drop your thirty minutes will start." He commands.

She starts to chug on the water, quickly, though she knew the thirty minutes would the longest thirty minutes of her life.

Well that's the first chapter, I hope you enjoy let me know what you think. I hope you stick around, sorry for the cliff hanger, but that's what writers do, wanting you to be anticipated, and love seeing the fans wait. The next chapter will be posted by tonight.

*002*2015-05-29 02:23

{{: 

Interesting.

}}

Thanks, I should be posting the chapter, by tonight so stay tuned for more.

*004*2015-05-29 03:34

{{: 

I can't read it. Otherwise I'm sure I Would love it. It seems quite long so I'm guessing that's a sign of lots of omo-packed awesomeness!

}}

It has some, and just wait for the next chapter I'm currently writing, it will have a lot of desperation and holding, trust me

*006*2015-05-29 03:59

Okay thanks for the tip,:)

*007*2015-05-29 04:54

Chapter 2: Let the Fun Continue.

Summer just finished the jug of water, and her thirty minutes now began, she's scared of what Asher, to which she refers her as daddy, or papa, but at this moment she calls him master. She scared of what he has is store for her, as he can "tickle her and torture her." Summer doesn't know whether she should be scared or excited. She's scared because she already had to go, but he could torture her pretty bad, with who knows. She's excited by the evolution of surprise, and she kinda having fun with this and it's only the beginning .

With Summer current state, her tapping and twisting her leg, and her already having to go, she's pretty sure her limit in her bladder will be exceed and then some. And watching the waterfall documentary doesn't help her. The noise of the waterfall is slowly flowing, and trickling, like a drop in the faucet, but it soon got mighty like a hose. It was beautiful and clear, gushing down and crashing into the rocks, flowing down into a river, which remind Summer of pee,falling into the toilet, which made her need to rock back and fourth. Asher was watching her with pleasure, knowing she would probably lose it.

Asher was going to start torturing Summer, he got up and grab a glass and a pitcher of lemonade, and sat next to her, "How you doing?" He asked her.

"Bad, I have to go more than ever." She whines, holding herself.

"Well you have twenty five minutes left, before I let you go,if you can last that long." He said, as he was pouring the lemonade into the glass, sounding like a waterfall, "Awe doesn't that sound lovely, this watching waterfalls, sure made me thirty." He said, pouring it slowly, and watching Summer, who was bouncing her legs, clenching her teeth, eyes watering, and heart pounding.

Asher starts to drink it, "Ahhhhhh that's refreshing, lemonade, is like a diuretic to me." He informs her, setting the glass down.

Summer was whining, and had her hands jammed in her legs. "Man I really gotta go," She whines, struggling to hold.

"Where do you have to go, surely there's nothing more important, then watching a document, and hanging out with me." He smirks, knowing exactly what she meant, he loves messing with her.

"I really have to use the bathroom, really bad." She whines, standing doing the potty dance.

"Surely you don't have to go that bad, you just went." He inform her.

"I went for 10 seconds, and that didn't really help, you gave me a jug a water, forced me to drink all of it, and with the water I still have in me. Tell me, if you had all that, you wouldn't need to go." She said to him, she couldn't keep still, her moving was the only way she was going to last.

"No, because I have a bladder of steel, and can hold for hours." He explains, "unless I drink lemonade, then I have to go really bad, regardless of how much I drink." Asher said. "Maybe you should sit and be still, your distracting me from the documentary.

She whines and sits, trying to be still as possible, which is very close to impossible, because it's was the way of her not losing it. "Eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh." She whines.

"You know, you're very cute desperate, it's kinda hot." Asher smiles, as the lemonade rushes through his body, he had a big plan up his sleeve.

"How much longer?" She asked, it felt like it's been thirty minutes.

"You have 20 minutes to go." He laughs.

"That's impossible, it's been longer than twenty minutes." She thought, she's a third way there, but still has 2/3 to go.

"Don't worry, you can do it, it's not a long time, just try not to think about, waterfalls, fountains, peeing, rivers, sssssssssssss sound." He smirks, watching her hold herself, and crossing her legs.

He seriously loved watching her this way, he knew she wasn't going to last, very long, but she better, because he's really looking forward for her peeing on him.

Summer bladder was bulged, begging for a release, and she wasn't allowed to move, tons of thought of peeing is in her head, but she doesn't know if she'll be punished tomorrow if she goes now so she's trying her best, but is losing hope.

Asher bladder is full, so he playfully starts to squirm, "Man I really gotta pee, I hope I can hold it, and not have an accident."

"Please stop, this is already hard, and you mocking isn't helping." She whines,

"I'm sorry, but I said I could torture you as much as I want, and you said deal, so I can do whatever I feel to you, and you won't do anything to stop me." He said.

"But I really gotta go, it's an emergency, it's urgent." She whines.

"Awe poor, baby, you're halfway there, you can hold for another 15 minutes."

"Awe but please, I'll do anything to go sooner." She begs.

A plan formed in his head, and he thinks it will be perfect bargain for her, she knows she won't refuse.

"Okay, how about this, if you can hold it without moving or holding yourself for five minutes, I'll let you go, but tomorrow you'll be wearing underwear, and we'll be going out, and getting you some things, like treats, you like, so you can pick some things for you to have, but when I say you can wet you'll wet then and there, no potty, but other than that you can't wet at all, you can dribble, or let drops out, but no leak or big spurts, but you can spurt or leak if I say so, other than that dribble and dots, unless I say otherwise." He suggests.

"Will there be a code word?" She asked.

"Yes the code word, will be make rain for spurts and leaks. For a full release, it will be waterfall." He said.

"Okay, so starting tomorrow, when I wake up this will happen?" She asked, making it clear.

"Yes, tomorrow when I get you it starts. Do we have a deal?" He asked.

"Uh huh." She said, rubbing her thighs.

"Okay, remember, you can't move for hold yourself, for five minutes, then you can go? Are you ready?"

"Yes, start counting because I can't take it." She said.

He starts the five minutes, and he could tell she's trying her best not to move or hold.

"Man, all that lemonade, really makes me gotta go potty." He whines, holding himself, bouncing from foot to foot. "And watching the waterfalls documentary doesn't help, I don't know if I can hold it, any longer, I really need to burst." He whines, he grabs the glass, see through glad tube, and takes off his jeans, holding his crotch, "Eh eh eh eh." He mocks her, from the corner of her eyes, his eyes are watering being really desperate. He loved mocking and torturing this girl, she makes it so easy.

"I gotta go, I gotta go it's an emergency, I can't hold it." He whines,bouncing doing the potty dance. "I gotta potty, gotta potty, need to make a tinkle, it's about to come." He said, sitting his crotch over the tube, with his light green underwear on. "Ohhhhhhh it's coming, I'm about to burst." He said, letting a big leak, out as his underwear was becoming dark, "Ahhhhhhh I can't hold it, it's happening." He whines. The tube was barely filled, but Summer was watching shocked he was wetting himself, but whining as she was really torturing him, "he played a smart and unfair move." She thought.

He was bouncing and squirming heavily, "Man I hope I can hold it, because I really gotta go, and I don't wanna accident." He whines, but another big wave of leaks went in the tube, which made a sound, as it hit the pee, but was inside of it.

"Awe, I'm wet, gotta potty, it's making it worse." He whines, "I really gotta tinkle, and make some water. I gotta go bad, it's urgent, my bladder is begging to release my peepee. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh more is coming, I can't help it. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh." He whines, as tons, came out entering the tube, and his underwear was soaked, he's keeping an eye on her, he's surprised she hasn't wet or is moving. Man she really wants to go badly.

"I can't hold it, I can't it needs to be released all at once, it's about to happen, no more holding back, it's about to rush out of me." He whines, as he released the rest of his flow, which started to gash out, it's all being released at once, the noise and echo could be heard through out the house. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh this feels so good, it's nice to just let go, and be free, I feels loads better already. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh it's spilling, I'm trying to stop, but I can't and I won't." The tube was rather filling fast, with a light yellow color pee. This was definite torture for Summer, who was were tearing up, she was clenching teeth.

"Ahhhhhh man I bet you really gotta go now. Huh?" He smirks, looking at her current state.

"Yes, I do, and I'm about to burst, with or without permission." She said.

"You better not, if you do you get tomorrow deal and then some." He threatens.

"Like what?" She asked.

"I am not telling, you'd have to wait if you do it or not." He responds.

Asher was almost done, he slows his stream, just to really torture her. "Awe it's slowing down" He smirks. And then it rushes out, "Oh wait never mind."

Asher finally finishes as her 5 minutes were up, filling the tub to the top, he empties the tube, and let's the water in the kitchen run. Slowly cleaning it. "Come on hurry, others has needs too." She whines.

"Like what?" He asked.

"While I still really really have to pee." She whines.

"I'm coming, I'm just cleaning up my messsssssssssss" He said.

She whines, "Come on, please, it's bad, and I don't have much time." She reminds him.

He cleans the tube, but continued to let the water run.

He placed the tube back, and his underwear crotch area is damp.

He sits on his leather couch. "What seems to be the problem?"

"I really need to pee." She whines.

"But you haven't moved or hold yourself, in a while it must not be that bad."

"You said I could go, if it's been five minutes,and i'm sure it has." She whines.

"Show me, and tell me how bad, I want you to dance and talk like a little girl, who can't hold her pee, but still call me master."

She shakily stands up, "Master I really really really really need to potty, it's an emergency, I'm wittle giwl, who too young to hold her tinkle. Pwease wet me potty, it's a big tinkle, I really gotta let me water out. NOW!!" She whines, bouncing, holding herself, shifting from foot to foot. She's doing the it's an emergency potty dance, which was really hot.

"First take off your skirt, without letting any drop go?" He said, she slowly took off her skirt, needing to take break to hold her flood. She eventually had it off, bending over, holding herself.

"Now I want you to come to me, and bend over me, with her face looking at me." He commands.

She climbs on the couch, straddle over him.

He slowly strokes her underwear, which makes her bounce, as she facing him.

"Now ask me to go." He said.

"Master, can I please let my peepee go, I've been a good giwl, I really gotta potty, now it's coming please, it's a big tinkle, a storm, a waterfall, a river?" She asked begging,

"Yes princess, you may let your tinkles out, since you have been a good girl." He granted.

She immediately let's go, her pee rushing out of her, spraying him and this couch, her panties was soaked inside and out, with no dry spot. "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH this feels amazing, thanks for letting me go master, I really needed to go."

"No problem, you just go, and if you have an accident, in the night, I won't be bad,since you probably will, and you're asleep with no control. Plus, you won't be able to get out of your crib to go."

"Will I have protection?" She asked.

"Yes, I don't want to keep washing your sheets, so yes, you'll have a big fluffy diaper."

She continues to go, his entire lap, and underwear were soaked too, and the spot was a big puddle. She wasn't even halfway done.

"Wow you really needed to go, I'm surprised to held all of this." He smiles, praising her.

"Me too, I'm glad that it's all coming out." She smiles, sighing "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." some more.

"Me too, when you said you had to potty, you clearly weren't kidding. Nice job."

She continued to go for about 5 more minutes. Until her strong stream subsided to drops, then she was done.

"You done?" He asked.

"Yeah, I feel loads better." She said, as her bladder deflated like a beach ball.

"Well you should, look at this mess." He chuckles.

"No I'm going to clean up, the couch, then give us a bath, and get ready for bed." He said, knowing she would probably tired after this big release.

She whines, and nods her head.

Asher then turns off the faucet was it is not needed anymore, as it done its job.

Asher grabs a towel, and spray and starts to wipe the pee off with a towel, and sprays her couch, and wipes it with a paper-towel. Luckily she didn't get the floor, so that's a good sign. He sprays some Febreze, which was tropical flavor.

"Ready, for bath then bedtime?" He asked, she sleepily nods her head.

"I promise it will be quick, so I can get you to sleep."

He looks at the clock, which read 8:30pm, so it's getting close to her bedtime.

He carries her upstairs to the bathroom, where he takes off all her clothes. He started the tub, and then he took off his clothes, it would be easier and quicker, if they bathed together.

Once the bath water was luke warm, he placed her in and then got in himself, he starts scrubbing her with peach scented body soap, scrubbing her arms, legs, crotch, butt, back, breast, making it smell peachy. Then he starts scrubbing himself, with a more manly smell, Coconut. He scrubs his entire body, as well. He let's it soak in, before he rinses them both off. He knew she was close to being asleep, so he had to be quick. He starts scrubbing her hair, with french vanilla 2in1 shampoo and condtioner, no dandruff- of course. Then he scrubs his hair with green apple shampoo and condition, also 2in1. scrubbing it in setting it deep in his scalp. He scrubs her hair, letting the shampoo, set in. He counts to 120 seconds in his head, then rinses all the shampoo from both their heads.

He let's the water go down the drains, and dries both them off. Once they were completely dry, she placed her on his bed, with a towel under her, just in case she goes in her sleep- yes she's asleep. He changes into black boxer and sweats, not having a shirt on.

Luckily she didn't go. He went to her room, and placed her on the changing table, placing a diaper, a big fluffy sea creature diaper, it would definitely hold her accidents. Then he changed her into a white footie pajamas with pink polkadots, which had button on diapered area.

He places her in her crib, and drapes a butterfly blanket, over her tired body.

"Goodnight Master." She yawns.

"It's not master, it's daddy." He whispers, turning on a night light, and kissing her forehead, shutting her big light off, and leaving her door ajar. He knew that's he's his dream little girl, and can't wait for tomorrow and the rest of their lives together.

~Hope you like the second chapter, I promise it'll be posted tonight, and I held my word. Leave comments and suggestions below and I'll take suggestions and I'm open to respective criticism. I'll write the third and fourth chapter tomorrow.~

*012*2015-06-01 19:23

Sorry for the delay of the third chapter, it's really long, and I wanna make it really good, it should be posted today. I'm almost done.

*013*2015-06-02 03:31

Chapter 3: We Made a Deal

Throughout the night, Summer had accidents in her diaper. Her diaper was swollen and completely yellow. She had two big accidents, and one small one. Her diaper could absolutely hold more, since it's so thick, but it's close to her wake up time, so I don't think it will.

Asher wakes up, and gets dressed, he is wearing a white V-neck shirt, with a light gray cardigans, dark jeans, with black vans. His hair is the same yes yesterday his bangs were swept. He brushes his teeth, making them minty fresh, spraying some Axe deodorant on him. He had the Axe Excite Body Spray, which smells like coconut, hazelnut and caramel. So it's pretty much a typical Starbucks drink acting as deodorant.

He's now ready to wake up his little girl and have some fun today, and see how's much she wet during the night.

He slowly opens her door, where she is still asleep, he approaches the crib, and lightly shakes her. She whines, rubs her eyes, and sits up in her crib, "What time is it?"

"It's 7:45, let's get you ready to go to the store." He smiles, picking her up from her crib, picking out some khakis, and a white shirt, and some light blue panties.

He places her on the changing table, and takes off her pajamas, and saw her swollen diaper. "Man you really had to potty, during the night." He chuckles.

"I'm sorry." She yawns.

"No don't be sorry, I'm glad you used you diapee, but remember our deal. You can only go potty when I say, you'll have code words, and when I use rain, you'll spurt where ever we're at, and if I say flood, you will let go all of your tinkle, no matter where we at. But you can let out dribbles and drops, whenever you need too, but don't abuse it."

He changes her into the clothes he picked out.

He then carried her to the kitchen to make some breakfast, "What would you like to eat?" He asked.

"I don't know, what do you have?" She asked.

"I have cereal, fruit salad, yogurt, I can make pancakes, or french toast." He listed off.

"I would like some fruit salad and yogurt." She said.

"Okay, I have vanilla, strawberry, cherry, and regular yogurt."

"Can I have vanilla, please?" She said.

"Sure I am going to have the same thing, want some apple juice?" He asked.

"Yes please."

He places her food in front of her,and poured her some juice, and he sat next to her with his food and juice in front of her. "Drink up, I don't want you hydrated."

They both started to eat and drink. "Are you going to pack an extra bag?" She asked.

"Yes, we'll be going to the store, then out for lunch, so I'll bring other clothes. So you'll be home for nap-time." He said.

She finished eating after 15 minutes,and was squirming because of the juice. He noticed, and knew it would be too easy, which he loved, he got up and did the dishes, which made Summer squirm and cross her legs. He placed the rinsed dishes in the dish washer. "Now let's pack your bag." He smiles.

They went up to her room, and he found a old backpack of his- it was blue plaid. He chose a light washed denim jeans, and white panties. He placed it in the bag, along with some juice boxes. "Now let's go shopping." He cooed.

Summer squimingly walks to the car, and sits in the passenger seat. Asher got in the driver seat, and started to drive to the ABDL store, but he took the long way and the bumpy way. "I have juice for you in your bag, I want you to drink two for me. I don't want you to get sick and dehydrated."

She gulps nervously, and grabs the bag, and picked out two juice boxes. She set the bag at her feet. She opens one of the juice boxes and starts to drink it, rather fast. Once she finished it, she threw it in the trash bag, and starts on the second one, drinking it slowly, her bladder expands and sloshes. She finished both in 10 minutes. She slowly dribbles, and holds herself.

"Don't worry we're almost there." He reassure, looking at her in her current state.

"I gotta go, I'm dribbling." She whines, as she continues to slowly dribble.

"It's okay to dribble princess, hold on we'll be there in five minutes."

She continues to hold herself, and like Asher said, they were they five minutes later. Summer's body was wound like a pretzel her face was scrunched up. She looks like she was about to burst.

He gets out of the car,and opens her side of the door helping her out of the car, he noticed her khakis and there was a small spot on it. He sets her to her feet. "Okay, I sense rain coming." He said, indicating she can let a spurt go.

She didn't even hesitate, she starts to spurt, her spot was getting bigger, and her pants were getting darker. Once her spot was a big as a quarter, he told her "Okay, you can stop for now, I'll let you spurt again soon, just for now, do little dribbles."

She still had to go, but she felt a bit better. She held his hand as they entered the store. He smiles, because he wasn't expecting that. He picked her up and places her in the cart.

He starts going to the snack/drink aisle, "Pick you the snacks you want." He said.

"I want pudding cups, sour cream and onions Pringles, trail-mix, strawberries, banana, mandarin oranges, pineapples, and mini doughnuts." She said, he places her item she asked for in the cart.

"Now, choose your drinks sweetie." He said.

"Can I have strawberry banana juice, peach mango juice. Black cheery fizzy water?"

"Sure,princess." He smiles, loving that she's healthy.

"Why are we buying stuff, if you already have some?" She asked.

"Because I bought stuff, to decorate, and some thing because I thought they would be fun, now I want you to choose some things that you like and would enjoy," He explains.

"Oh, so I can pick some clothes and toys?" She asked.

"Yes princess, and some soap because I only have stuff for me."

"I want toys first, daddy." She smiles.

"Whatever you want." He smiles.

She dribbles in her panties.

He went to the toy section.

"I want tea seat, cooking set, dollies, bunnies, teddies, duckies." She smiles.

He placed everything in the cart, that she wanted. "Now some clothes." He chuckles.

She dribbles some more, make the spot bigger and darker. He noticed, and strokes her cheeks, as she starts to blush. "It's okay, I'll let you go soon." He promises.

He went to the clothes section, "Okay, pick anything you want princess."

She pics pink blue and purple princess costumes, chevron dresses, tutus, tiaras, and princess shoes.

"Awe my princess is going to be a princess." He smiles.

"What's next?" She asked, holding herself.

"Now we'll pick out a car seat and stroller, for you." He smiles.

He pushed her to the car seat and stroller aisle. She chose a pink and white polka dot car seat. And a purple stroller with blue butterflies.

"Where now?" She asked, squirming and crossing her legs.

"Soap and kid bath toys, but you can rain again." He whispers.

She didn't hesitate, she spurts again, making a tiny spot under her, and her khakis get darker, and spot gets bigger. After 15 seconds he told her "Okay sweetie, that's enough, you'll let the rest out before we leave." He said.

"Okay, and change?" She asked, "yes, we'll change you, eat lunch, and since you been good we can play at the park."

She smiles and giggles, "yay, wanna pway." She bounces. "

"We will and maybe get ice cream too?" He suggests, "But that mean you have to be careful with dribbles because I only brought one spare clothes with you." He warns her.

"Okay, I'll twy." She blushes.

They finally went to the soap, and bath toys aisle.

"Can I get the watermelon shampoo/conditioner and the peach bodywash?" She asked.

"You sure can, because it's your stuff." He smiles, setting them in the cart, "Now pick some fun toys, towels and robe."

She chose sea creatures, ducks, and a boat toys. She chose a pink pretty princess towel. And an cute soft purple butterfly robe.

"Nice choices." He smiles, "And now we pay, go home put the grocery away eat, nap, park." He said.

"What about icecream?" She asked, tearing up.

"Sweetie, we're going to make sundae at home, after dinner." He reassure,wiping her tears, "no need to cry." He said.

"I thought you forgot the ice cream."

"No, I wouldn't, I knew you were excited about it."

"Will I wear a diapee during my nap?" She asked.

"Yes, so you don't tinkle in the bed, but I'll let you sleep in my bed, and I'll nap with you, if that's okay?"

"Uh huh, wanna snuggle with daddy."

"Then that's what we'll do." He smiles, kissing her forehead.

"This line is long." She said.

"I know, but you can dribble, it's okay." He said.

"Yeah I gotta potty," She said, dribbling a little.

"I know, you're going to go,when we get to the car."

"In my pants?"

"Yes, pumpkin, then I'll change you and we'll eat lunch. Where do you wanna eat at?" He asked.

"Burger King, I want nuggets."

"Okay, princess, we'll eat there, wanna share with daddy?"

"Yeah, pwease?" She asked.

"Yes, we can. what do you want to drink?"

"Sprite, if that's okay?"

"That's fine, there's no caffeine in it, so my baby won't be crazy." He giggles.

"Daddy, how much longer?" She asked.

"We're almost there. How about one more rain puddle." He says.

She let's some rain out, her crotch, was pretty wet, not soaked.

He counted to 20, feeling generous, "Okay, princess, no more, back to dribble."

She stops, "Daddy, have I been a good girl?"

"Yes, you've been an angel, I'm so proud of you, that's why you get park and ice cream."

She smiles, they were finally at the checkout lane, and they paid for everything, and went to the car, Asher puts everything in the trunk and puts the cart away, he put Summer standing on the ground, bouncing.

"You ready to make some water?" He asked.

"Uh huh, pwease."

"I'll let you go, but you have to answer this question.Who is your favorite person?"

"It's you daddy, I wub you, I gotta potty dada." She said.

He was fluttered by her answer, "You can make waterfall, but spread your legs, so you don't get your shoes dirty.

She spreads her legs, and sighs, letting her pee go, it rushed out of her she's been dying to go, although she was wetting herself, she didn't care, she was just glad to let her flood out. It was clear, and her pants were getting soaked, it looked like a water fall, rushing down, hitting the rocks, or in this case the parking lot hard, it sounded like hail hitting the ground. Asher loved the sight, he loved watching her pee, but also loved watching her feel relieved and better. He's surprised by how much she has regressed, and it hasn't been 24 hours yet.

It was about 3 minutes longs, but her stream finally came to an end. "Oh princess, you really had to potty, let change you." He places her in the back seat laying down, he takes her pants and undies off, looking at them there was no dry spot. He got out the new pants and new panties,and put the old stuff in the bag,and put her new stuff on, "Does that feel better?" He asked.

"Yeah, nice and dry." She smiles, feeling so relieved.

"Now Burger King, with my favorite princess." He smiles.

She giggles, as they drove to Burger King.

He carried her into Burger King, as it took them 20 minutes. He ordered the chicken nuggets, with fries and a large drink of sprite, since they were sharing they needed a big size so they have enough for the two.

"Thanks for lunch daddy." She said,

"No problem angel, it's your treat for being good and listening."

They got their food, and Asher splits in 50/50, but he's going to make sure that Summer drinks more of the drink so they can continue their deal.

They started eating, and every few minutes he'd ask Summer to take drinks, he knew she was going to take a nap, but she could really need to go when she wakes up, so it only make sense for getting all the liquid in her now, so they can continue their deal. He loved seeing Summer like this it was cute, watching her struggle and hold herself, then watching her relieved face, when she let's some and even all of it out.

They finished, and Asher got a refill of Sprite. "I want this to be gone, by the time we get home sweetie." He said.

Summer bladder was already getting pretty from the first Sprite and now he wants her to drink some more, this would definitely put her bladder over the edge, she starts drinking it as she was told. They get in Asher car and head home, by the time they got home Summer finished it.

They put the groceries and stuff away, Summer was dribbling every 5 minutes, she really had to go. Now it was time for Summer nap.

Asher placed a diaper on Summer, he didn't put her pants on, she's just going to leave her diaper and shirt on. "Remember,you can tinkle in your sleep, and you won't be in trouble since you can't control your bladder when you're sleeping." He reminds her, carrying her to his bed.

Summer yawns, as a nap sounded good. He gently placed her in his bed, putting the cover on her, kissing her forehead. Then he crawls on his side of the bed, since he did promise to take a nap with her.

They had a two hour nap, and Summer soaked her diaper, it was so full who knows if it could hold another wetting, and she still has to go.

Asher and Summer woke up, blushing at her full yellow diaper. Asher saw her diaper, once he took the blanket off of her, "Man, is there any room for another wetting?" He asked, smiling.

"I don't think so, and I gotta go." She whines, holding herself.

"Well, let's change you and go to the park, you can wait, you wetted enough for now.

He changes her into her underwear and her new outfit from her backpack, and isn't packing another since this outfit should be enough.

She's dribbling as she getting to the car. "Remember this is only outfit, so let's make it count." He said, driving to an ABDL park.

"Sorry, I really gotta go potty." She whines.

"Well, once we start playing,you can make a little rain." He said.

"Why not when we get there?" She asked, doing the potty dancing, while sitting.

"Because, you had many wets in your sleep, you can hold it for a little." She said.

"Okay, fine." She said, dribbling, she was glad she was aloud to dribble, and make drops.

The arrive at the park, and he gets her out, "So what do you wanna play on first?" He asked.

"The swing, can you push me?" She asked.

"I sure can." He smiles, carrying her to the swing, and places her in it, and started to push her lightly.

She was giggling and laughing, which wasn't good for her bladder, "Daddy, need the potty." She said.

"Okay, since you really need to tinkle, you can rain." He whispered.

She didn't hesitate, she started making a big rain, it gushing out of her fast. He counted to 10, and told her "Okay that's enough." She stops, and she had a big patch on her pants, but her pee rapidly came out.

They played on the swing for 20 minutes, before moving to the sand He noticed how wet he pants were, but he knew her pee rapidly came out, and she stopped, as he was pushing the swing in front of her, to make sure she could see her stop when she had too.

They started building sandcastle, she wished she had bucket and shovel, "Later, when we need to go too the store, we'll buy you some." He smiles.

That made her day, she wished she could make a proper sandcastle and not imagine one, but as long as she was with her daddy, she's perfectly fine.

One kid saw her jacked up sandcastle and stomps on it, which made Summer very emotional, that she dribbles in her jeans, the kid snickers, and sprays juice on her pants, which Asher noticed. "Sweetie, wanna go down the slide, then go home?" He asked.

"It wasn't me." She said, not wanting to be punished.

"Awe princess I know, you been a good girl, I know it was that naughty boy, let's go home." He said, carrying her to the car.

"No daddy slide." She said, holding herself.

"How about we watch a movie while we eat, and call of our deal since you been a very good girl today, who doesn't fight me and listened all day?" He suggest.

"Can I pick da movie, and cuddle?" She asked.

"Yes, now." He sets her to the ground. "You may make a waterfall." He smiles.

She burst and her pants become soaked all over, and a puddle forms under her, "Ahhhh dis feels good."

"I know, you've been holding that since we woke up from our nap, now whenever you gotta go, you can go in your new pull pull ups."

"I don't have to ask?" She asked, almost done, as her spurt were long and forced.

"No, just go when you need too, and I'll change you, unless you wanna wear a diaper, which holds multiple wets?"

"Diapee pwease." She smiles, finishing.

"Okay, when we get home, I'll bathe you, change you into some Pajamas, make dinner watch a movie, eat ice cream and go to bed."

She smiles, loving the plan, as they drove home.

Once they arrive home, he picks her up and is getting ready for her bath.

"Do you need to potty, before I take off your clothes?" He asked.

She nods her head, squirming, he placed her on the toilet with her clothes on. "Since I already need to wash these, might as well continue to go." He said.

She closes her eyes and concentrate as she starts to pee on the toilet, hearing little drips in the water, "Daddy, why me get a bath now?" She asked.

"Because your dirty from your wets, and if you make a mess with dinner or ice cream it's just changing your clothes and wiping your face. This is in case you're too tired." He explains.

"Oh." She says finishing. He takes off her clothes, placed toys and bubbles in the bath.

She starts playing with the toy duck, as he starts washing her hair and body.

"Quack,quack." She smiles.

He chuckles to himself, as his little girl is just too cute. How lucky was he, she changed so much in the 24 hours. She fitting into role really well.

"Okay princess, your all clean." He smiles.

"Okay ducky see you tomorrow." She said, kissing his beak, cutely.

"Come here my sweet adorable princess." He smiles, wrapping her into her princess outfit.

"Now let's pick our your pajamas." He smiles, carrying her to her room.

"Do we have an "I love daddy" Pajamas?" She asked.

"We sure do, it's pink." He smiles, kissing her forehead.

"Yay, my favorite color." She beams.

He dries her off and changes her into her footsie pajamas.

"Now let's make dinner, and watch a movie." He smiles.

"Want we eating?" She asked.

"We're going to have cute little mini pizzas."

"Can I help?" She asked.

"Sorry, it's going to be very hot in the kitchen, but you could help my keeping me company?" He suggest.

"Can I dwaw you a pictuwe?" She asked.

"You sure can, and want some juice?" He asked.

"Pwease?" She asked, he smiles placed some paper at the table and hands her some crown and a juice box.

She started drawing her a picture of them at the park, saying "love you daddy, from princess"

He finished cooking, as she finished drawing.

"Daddy me done with drawing." She said, finishing her juice box.

"Oh, sweetie, can I see?" He asked.

"Yeah." She said, handing it to him.

His eyes had tears forming, he loves the picture and the message, "It's beautiful baby, it's going on the fridge." He said, taping it to the fridge, and hands her another juice box.

"Now what movie, do you wanna watch?"

"Do you have wittle mewmaid?" She asked.

"Yes, I own all Disney movies." He said, carrying their food down the basement, and turned the movie on and handed her, her food, "It's hot baby, so be careful." He said as the movie was starting.

She was watched the movie and ate her food, wetting her diaper, as he stream could be heard, as her diaper crinkles, and how she pees pretty loud.

Once it was halfway through the movie, Asher pauses it, "Wanna make some sundaes?" He asked.

"Yeah, but I went tinkle in the diaper." She blushed.

"I know." He said, feeling how wet it is. "You're fine it's not as wet as it been a few times." He carries her up the stairs.

"Want vanilla, strawberry, or chocolate icecream?" He asked.

"Stwawbewwy." She giggles.

He got her strawberry, as he got choclate.

"Want sprinkles?" He asked.

"Pwease?" She beams. He put sprinles on the both of theirs and some whipcream and a cherry on top.

"Wooks beautiful daddy, it should go on da fwidge." She smiles.

"Thanks baby, but only your art goes on the fridge." He said, going back to the movie.

They ate their ice cream and finished the movie. Once the movie was finished, Summer lays on his lap and fell asleep. Asher covers her up, since he had a fun day, and decided to camp out here, since he didn't want a cranky baby.

"Night night, angel daddy loves you." He smiles, as he fell asleep.

~Sorry it took awhile, but it's long and really cute. Sorry if the ending was kinda rushed, but they watched a movie, no one talks through a movie, typically and they were eating so not much could be talked about, chapter 4 should be coming in a few days, but I won't say a date, and it doesn't come on that date, so I'm not making any promises. Hope you like chapter 3.~

