Horny and Desperate: An Avatar: The Last Airbender Fanfic - Page 2

Author: Foxlover

*033*2012-10-04 20:38

I am indeed contemplating how best to implement some of his ideas...

*035*2012-10-12 21:15

{{: 

*REVISED VERSION

Azula struggled desperately against her bonds. She would have easily broken out; however, Ty Lee had somehow blocked her bending without immobilizing her, and because she relied on her nimble agility, grace, and Firebending prowess during a fight, her natural strength was nowhere near matched for the expertly crafted metal bonds that that meddlesome blind earthbender had created. Suddenly, the door to the Earth Kingdom dungeon opened, and in walked Katara. Azula glared at her with pure hatred, though she could help but notice how Katara’s new Earth Kingdom Robe hugged her curvy hips and medium-size but tantalizing breasts. Despite Katara’s alluring figure, Azula wanted nothing more than to charbroil that stupid waterbender. Katara was slightly reveling in Azula's discomfort. In fact, she found it a bit arousing, the way Azula struggled but had to settle for being limited by her mortal strength despite her vast ingenuity. Azula used her perfected venomous snarl to greet Katara.

“Let me out of these bonds this instant, you worthless peasant.”

Katara smiled. “Now, is that any way to talk to the girl that as of now maintains complete control of you?” Katara asked in a condescending voice, as if she was talking to a baby.

Azula growled. “If I still had my Firebending…”

Katara placed her hands on her hips and cocked them to the side. She couldn’t help showing off a bit to this beautiful princess. She went back out and retrieved a large clay pot, probably used for storing grain. “This is gonna be payback for all the trouble you’ve caused me, Aang, Zuko, and the rest of the world, Azula.” Azula looked at the pot. It was rather large, though from the dimness of the cellar’s light, she couldn’t quite make out its contents, but it looked like some kind of liquid, and Azula wondered whether Katara was going to waterbend at her. She rolled her eyes sarcastically in a most Azlua-esque fashion.

“And just what do you plan to do with a giant pot of water? Gonna try and drown me, peasant? I assumed you were nobler than that. Your boyfriend Baldy didn’t have the guts to kill anyone and neither do you.” Katara simply smiled. “Oh, no, I’m not gonna hurt you…at least, not in this way…” Azula narrowed her eyes, suspicion arousing. Katara smiled again. “I’m going to have some fun with you, Azula.” Katara brought over the clay pot and placed it beneath Azula’s chained feet. “Know what this is, princess?”

Azula caught the whiff of warm fresh ammonia.

“Is that…?”

“Urine, yes. It’s one of many pots the guards have to use for a toilet in this holding facility, and I do mean “holding” facility. While you are brought a bedpan for your needs 6 times a day, most of the poor dears assigned to this cell don’t have time to go to the bathroom, what with you being a high-risk prisoner and all. For example; the two women who were here last week, very good guards they were, but even they eventually were forced to succumb to their bladders’ whims eventually. After a while, we decided to put a toilet of sorts near the cells so the guards would be able to relieve themselves whenever they wanted.” Katara said matter-of-factly. “Now, you know I am a water bender. I could feed this pee into your bladder until it explodes.” To accentuate this, Katara waved her hands and the pee rose in a wavy yellow sphere out of the pot.

Katara then fashioned it into a long liquid rope, using the tip to stroke Azula’s urethra. Azula gasped at the feeling of hot urine on her peehole, but she grinned inwardly. Despite being a rather petite girl, she did possess a rather cavernous bladder, an asset that had helped her succeed in situations that her traitorous friends, Mai and Ty Lee, had not fared so well in.

Katara glanced into the pot. “I’m sure there’s enough in here to get you nice and full, isn’t there?”

Azula put on her most menacing face. “I single-handedly brought down the Earth Kingdom Capital when I was 14, girlie. If you think that you can break me by filling me with pee, you’re sorely mistaken. I have trained for years to achieve complete control over my liquids. They only act on my command; my body cannot produce enough urine in one sitting to be of any hindrance to me. Do your worst.” Katara cocked her head to the side. “Oh, is that so?” She began threading the pee into Azula’s pee-hole.

Azula gasped inwardly as wet, flowing warmth flowed up her urethra, spilling and gushing into her pee-pouch. Azula managed to retain a stoic, almost bored expression, but her bladder was filling at an alarming rate. Metallic beads of sweat formed on her forehead as she realized one, horrible fact; Katara had an entire clay pot of pee, and Azula was already beginning to feel uncomfortable. Katara finally stopped filling Azula’s bladder, and it took all of Azula’s willpower not to gush all over the floor.

She had never had to pee this bad in her life. The only thing keeping her from completely disgracing herself was that Katara was standing in front of her, arms crossed, with a devious expression. “How does it feel, princess?” Azula glared at Katara, her burning desire to pee now augmented by the fact that relief was nowhere in sight. She barely managed a full sentence.

“Is that the best you can do? I-I feel f-fine.” Azula somehow managed to grin derisively, though her trembling bottom lip betrayed her desperation. Katara blinked in mock surprise. “Oh, so you don’t mind if I do THIS?” She started to massage Azula’s abdomen. Azula bit her lip as Katara’s hand rolled her pumpkin of a bladder around in her abdomen, sending waves of pressure through her quivering midsection. She would’ve loved nothing more than for Katara to release her hand, not so she could attack, but to jam it between her legs and help plug the hole keeping the lake in her body from seeing daylight. She spurted a tiny bit, giving Katara her answer.

“Tell me, Azula, does it turn you on, knowing that you are bursting to release pee that isn't even yours?” Azula did not say anything, but she actually did feel a bit aroused about this. She loved the feeling of naughtiness that holding someone else’s pee gave her, especially when her overloaded bladder was pressing mercilessly on her g-spot. Katara traced her fingernails around Azula’s inner thighs, making her shudder. “C-Cut that out, you perverted wench…” Katara just smiled as she rubbed Azula’s ample ass for a bit while continuing to torture her captive’s bladder. A few minutes later, Katara bent the last of the pee from the pot. “I know having to pee turns you on, Azula, I can see it in your eyes.” She condensed the urine into a long, golden thread. Azula, knowing that her bladder could accommodate no more urine, gasped in horror.

However, Katara did not approach Azula, but instead dropped her pants and panties, until she was standing half-naked in front of the bursting princess, her shaved pussy gleaming in the dimmed firelight of the dungeon. “How would you like it if I were to…share in your discomfort?” Azula gasped as Katara spread her own pussy lips wide with her forefinger and middle finger and began bending the pee into her own urethra. Azula watched in amazement as the golden liquid snake slithered into Katara’s urethra. She heard Katara give a little moan as she began working her hips to allow her bladder to take in all the liquid. Azula felt her womanhood tingle as Katara’s abdomen swelled with urine. Katara grinned at Azula, although it was all she could do not to break into a mad pee-pee dance.

“Does it make you feel better, Azula, now that we’re BOTH dying for a pee?” Katara whispered in a sultry voice.

Azula looked away indignantly, but Katara could see her twat start to moisten and her nipples start to harden. “I’m gonna do something for you, since your situation has made me so wet already... I'm absolutely dying for a pee, but I’m not gonna let my poor bladder relax till I’ve made you ‘come and go’. Excuse the pun.” Azula's eyes widened as Katara began to massage her dripping cunt, her hands working magic on Azula's sensitive pussy. Unable to do anything about the expert fingers that were working her clit, Azula began taking in short, ragged breaths, the immense pleasure making her desire to pee almost unbearable.

Katara began rubbing her hot, soft crotch against Azula’s leg. Azula could feel Katara’s swollen, rock hard abdomen against her thigh, which made her even hornier still. Azula struggled to form a cohesive sentence. “G-Get your fingers off of my body, p-peasant…” Katara got right up to her ear and whispered in an unbelievably sultry voice “You say you don’t like it, but your body says otherwise. You’re soaking wet just from my fingers, Azula.” Azula gritted her teeth, trying to stay afloat in the sea of pleasure. “I don’t… feel anything.” She said, her voice tight with effort. “My body is just responding…naturally, uhn!” Katara smirked. “Something tells me who aren’t gonna be able to hold it much longer, are you? Haha, me either, I’m already starting to leak...”

She pulled out a key and unlocked one of Azula’s chained hands, knowing she didn’t have the energy to take advantage of this, and put it between her legs. Azula felt the warm wetness on Katara’s entrance. Azula tried to pull her hand back, but Katara closed her legs, trapping Azula’s hand. Katara frowned. “Now, Azula, I’ve just given you access to the pussy of a girl who’s dying for a pee, and you’re not woman enough to do anything about it? Azula gasped as Katara began moving Azula’s hand against her labia. After a moment, Azula figured that if she was going to “come and go,” she might as well take Katara down with her. “That’s it,” Katara cooed. Rather than re-chaining Azula’s hand, she spread her legs, inviting Azula to go on.

Azula groaned as she felt Katara spurt into her hand, causing her to involuntarily release some of her own pee. Feeling Katara tense, Azula knew that the feeling of warm liquid on the former's hand must be torture to her bladder. For a while, both bursting girls massaged the other’s cunt, trying to outdo the other, each while fighting their burning desires to pee. Katara re-chained Azula’s hand.

“Mmm, you don’t know how many times I’ve gone off by myself to masturbate to the thought of you.” Azula thought to herself; “M...must hold on...must not pee...I’m royalty, princess of the Fire Nation, and a Firebending prodigy…” Suddenly, another part of her mind spoke up, “A prodigy that’s about to pee herself like a little girl…” Azula was in agony. Her hair clung to her sweaty temples as she fought the waves of desperation and pleasure that were eroding her psyche. She waved her head back and forth, drool dribbling down her cheeks. She looked down and saw Katara, bouncing her sexy ass in the air as she struggled to hold herself until Azula pleasure and desperation overcame her.

Meanwhile, Katara was thinking frantically to herself. " O-Oh my gosh, she –she isn’t cracking! I can't hold it much longer, what am I gonna do?" She was absolutely bursting, yet she was forcing herself to hold it until Azula gave out. Suddenly, she got an idea. With difficulty, she raised herself up and began to tongue Azula's nipples. Her nipples were even more sensitive than her vagina, and now this water bender was using her hot, slightly abrasive tongue to lick all over them, making them hard as stone. Her bladder was past its limit, and she couldn't resist the extreme horniness that she was feeling. Both girls were spurting uncontrollably, a mixture of ejaculation and pee. Katara knew it was the end for her. Try as she might, she couldn't hold the pee any longer; it looked like she was going to crack before Azula. She spurted one last time, but her muscles were too tired to stem the flow any longer.

Seconds before her bladder gave out, she leapt pulled herself up onto Azula by the chains and pressed her labia up against Azula’s. Katara involuntarily released a jet of pee, the honey colored nectar streaming from between her thighs and soaking her legs as well as Azula’s pussy. Katara sighed as she finally relaxed her muscles and let her pee flow freely. Azula couldn't take it anymore. The feeling of warm pee on her labia was the final straw, and within seconds, her own torrent joined Katara’s as they both let out orgasmic moans, their bladders emptying onto one another’s bodies.

A moment later, both girls came explosively, soaking each other even more. Katara bit her lip. This was so hot, and she was getting excruciatingly aroused. She couldn't resist, her pussy was screaming for attention, surprising Katara, as she had just came not 10 seconds ago. Katara thrust her hand between her legs, furiously rubbing her clit. This sight began to cause Azula’s pussy to drip with lady juice yet again. Katara saw this and grinned coyly at Azula.

"You're wet again? You naughty whore," she cooed. "Beg for it."

Azula said nothing, her lips a thin line as tears of indignation streamed silently down her face. She wanted so badly for Katara to touch her, to dominate her clit, but the little bit of dignity she had left would not allow her to ask. Katara began tracing the skin on Azula's thighs just outside her labia. Katara’s hand would trace a circle around her crotch, coming closer and closer to Azula’s soaking gash, only to retreat when it got within a fraction of a millimeter from the outer lips. Azula could hardly stand this torture. She no longer cared about being the cold, ruthless, inaccessible tyrant she usually was. She needed to be touched, and she needed to be touched NOW.

"P-Please...” she whispered almost inaudibly.

Katara looked up in mock confusion. "What was that? I can’t hear you..."

"PLEASE!" Azula screamed. "Put your hand back between my legs...touch my breasts...kiss me...anything! I'm so aroused; I can't take it any longer!” Azula was positively crying with frustration now, frantically moving her hips as to try to force Katara’s hand to slide onto her whimpering cunt.

Katara smiled and then leaped on Azula. After she had gotten a good hold of the chains to hold herself up, she began grinding her clit against Azula's, making sure Azula's clit hair touched her labia. Azula threw her head back, not in agony, but ecstasy. This peasant was so GOOD; Azula thought she would go crazy if Katara stopped. After only 5 minutes of this, both girls came in one earth shattering scream. Katara kissed Azula on the lips, and Azula was only so happy to oblige, parting her lips to admit Katara's tongue. She could feel her strength returning; enough to break her bonds, and the way Katara's thighs were rubbing together suggested that she had not COMPLETELY emptied her bladder. Oh, she had wonderful things in store for the South Pole slut...

}}

Announcement: Second installment coming soon.

*036*2012-10-12 21:47

{{: 

Great original story. I agree id like to see more like it. Good idea w water bending ability

}}

{{: 

Announcement: Second installment coming soon.

}}

{{: 

*REVISED VERSION

Azula struggled desperately against her bonds. She would have easily broken out; however, Ty Lee had somehow blocked her bending without immobilizing her, and because she relied on her nimble agility, grace, and Firebending prowess during a fight, her natural strength was nowhere near matched for the expertly crafted metal bonds that that meddlesome blind earthbender had created. Suddenly, the door to the Earth Kingdom dungeon opened, and in walked Katara. Azula glared at her with pure hatred, though she could help but notice how Katara’s new Earth Kingdom Robe hugged her curvy hips and medium-size but tantalizing breasts. Despite Katara’s alluring figure, Azula wanted nothing more than to charbroil that stupid waterbender. Katara was slightly reveling in Azula's discomfort. In fact, she found it a bit arousing, the way Azula struggled but had to settle for being limited by her mortal strength despite her vast ingenuity. Azula used her perfected venomous snarl to greet Katara.

“Let me out of these bonds this instant, you worthless peasant.”

Katara smiled. “Now, is that any way to talk to the girl that as of now maintains complete control of you?” Katara asked in a condescending voice, as if she was talking to a baby.

Azula growled. “If I still had my Firebending…”

Katara placed her hands on her hips and cocked them to the side. She couldn’t help showing off a bit to this beautiful princess. She went back out and retrieved a large clay pot, probably used for storing grain. “This is gonna be payback for all the trouble you’ve caused me, Aang, Zuko, and the rest of the world, Azula.” Azula looked at the pot. It was rather large, though from the dimness of the cellar’s light, she couldn’t quite make out its contents, but it looked like some kind of liquid, and Azula wondered whether Katara was going to waterbend at her.

She rolled her eyes sarcastically in a most Azlua-esque fashion. “And just what do you plan to do with a giant pot of water? Gonna try and drown me, peasant? I assumed you were nobler than that. Your boyfriend Baldy didn’t have the guts to kill anyone and neither do you.” Katara simply smiled. “Oh, no, I’m not gonna hurt you…at least, not in this way…” Azula narrowed her eyes, suspicion arousing. Katara smiled again. “I’m going to have some fun with you, Azula.” Katara brought over the clay pot and placed it beneath Azula’s chained feet. “Know what this is, princess?”

Azula caught the whiff of warm fresh ammonia.

“Is that…?”

“Urine, yes. It’s one of many pots the guards have to use for a toilet in this holding facility, and I do mean “holding” facility. While you are brought a bedpan for your needs 6 times a day, most of the poor dears assigned to this cell don’t have time to go to the bathroom, what with you being a high-risk prisoner and all. For example; the two women who were here last week, very good guards they were, but even they eventually were forced to succumb to their bladders’ whims eventually. After a while, we decided to put a toilet of sorts near the cells so the guards would be able to relieve themselves whenever they wanted.” Katara said matter-of-factly. “Now, you know I am a water bender. I could feed this pee into your bladder until it explodes.” To accentuate this, Katara waved her hands and the pee rose in a wavy yellow sphere out of the pot.

Katara then fashioned it into a long liquid rope, using the tip to stroke Azula’s urethra. Azula gasped at the feeling of hot urine on her peehole, knowing that her rather petite bladder could not possibly take in this much liquid.

Katara glanced into the pot. “I’m sure there’s enough in here to get you nice and full, isn’t there?”

Azula put on her most menacing face. “I single-handedly brought down the Earth Kingdom Capital when I was 14, girlie. If you think that you can break me by filling me with pee, you’re sorely mistaken. I have trained for years to achieve complete control over my bodily functions. They only act on my command. Do your worst.” Katara cocked her head to the side. “Oh, is that so?” She began threading the pee into Azula’s peehole. Azula gasped inwardly as wet, flowing warmth flowed up her urethra, spilling and gushing into her pee-pouch.

Azula managed to retain a stoic, almost bored expression, but her bladder was filling at an alarming rate. Metallic beads of sweat formed on her forehead as she struggled to contain the ocean of pee that had taken residence in her abdomen. Katara finally stopped filling Azula’s bladder, and it took all of Azula’s willpower not to gush all over the floor. She had never had to pee this bad in her life. The only thing keeping her from completely disgracing herself was that Katara was standing in front of her, arms crossed, with a devious expression.

“How does it feel, princess?” Azula glared at Katara, her burning desire to pee now augmented by the fact that relief was nowhere in sight. She barely managed a full sentence. “Is that the best you can do? I-I feel f-fine.” Azula somehow managed to grin derisively, though her trembling bottom lip betrayed her desperation. Katara blinked in mock surprise. “Oh, so you don’t mind if I do THIS?” She started to massage Azula’s abdomen. Azula bit her lip as Katara’s hand rolled her pumpkin of a bladder around in her abdomen, sending waves of pressure through her quivering midsection. She would’ve loved nothing more than for Katara to release her hand, not so she could attack, but to jam it between her legs and help plug the hole keeping the lake in her body from seeing daylight. She spurted a tiny bit, giving Katara her answer.

“Tell me, Azula, does it turn you on, knowing that you are bursting to release pee that isn’t even yours?” Azula did not say anything, but she actually did feel a bit aroused about this. She loved the feeling of naughtiness that holding someone else’s pee gave her, especially when her overloaded bladder was pressing mercilessly on her g-spot. Katara traced her fingernails around Azula’s inner thighs, making her shudder. “C-Cut that out, you perverted wench…” Katara just smiled as she rubbed Azula’s ample ass for a bit while continuing to torture her captive’s bladder. A few minutes later, Katara bent the last of the pee from the pot.

“I know having to pee turns you on, Azula, I can see it in your eyes.” She condensed the urine into a long, golden thread. Azula, knowing that her bladder could accommodate no more urine, gasped in horror. However, Katara did not approach Azula, but instead dropped her pants and panties, until she was standing half-naked in front of the bursting princess, her shaved pussy gleaming in the dimmed firelight of the dungeon. “How would you like it if I were to…share in your discomfort?” Azula gasped as Katara spread her own pussy lips wide with her forefinger and middle finger and began bending the pee into her own urethra. Azula watched in amazement as the golden liquid snake slithered into Katara’s urethra. She heard Katara give a little moan as she began working her hips to allow her bladder to take in all the liquid. Azula felt her womanhood tingle as Katara’s abdomen swelled with urine. Katara grinned at Azula, although it was all she could do not to break into a mad pee-pee dance.

“Does it make you feel better, Azula, now that we’re BOTH dying for a pee?” Katara whispered in a sultry voice.

Azula looked away indignantly, but Katara could see her twat start to moisten and her nipples start to harden. “I’m gonna do something for you, since your situation has made me so wet already... I'm absolutely dying for a pee, but I’m not gonna let my poor bladder relax till I’ve made you ‘come and go’. Excuse the pun.” Azula's eyes widened as Katara began to massage her dripping cunt, her hands working magic on Azula's sensitive pussy. Unable to do anything about the expert fingers that were working her clit, Azula began taking in short, ragged breaths, the immense pleasure making her desire to pee almost unbearable.

Katara began rubbing her hot, soft crotch against Azula’s leg. Azula could feel Katara’s swollen, rock hard abdomen against her thigh, which made her even hornier still. Azula struggled to form a cohesive sentence. “G-Get your fingers off of my body, p-peasant…” Katara got right up to her ear and whispered in an unbelievably sultry voice “You say you don’t like it, but your body says otherwise. You’re soaking wet just from my fingers, Azula.” Azula gritted her teeth, trying to stay afloat in the sea of pleasure. “I don’t… feel anything.” She said, her voice tight with effort. “My body is just responding…naturally, uhn!” Katara smirked. “Something tells me who aren’t gonna be able to hold it much longer, are you? Haha, me either, I’m already starting to leak...”

She pulled out a key and unlocked one of Azula’s chained hands, knowing she didn’t have the energy to take advantage of this, and put it between her legs. Azula felt the warm wetness on Katara’s entrance. Azula tried to pull her hand back, but Katara closed her legs, trapping Azula’s hand. Katara frowned. “Now, Azula, I’ve just given you access to the pussy of a girl who’s dying for a pee, and you’re not woman enough to do anything about it? Azula gasped as Katara began moving Azula’s hand against her labia. After a moment, Azula figured that if she was going to “come and go,” she might as well take Katara down with her. “That’s it,” Katara cooed. Rather than re-chaining Azula’s hand, she spread her legs, inviting Azula to go on. Azula groaned as she felt Katara spurt into her hand, causing her to involuntarily release some of her own pee.

Feeling Katara tense, Azula knew that the feeling of warm liquid on the former's hand must be torture to her bladder. For a while, both bursting girls massaged the other’s cunt, trying to outdo the other, each while fighting their burning desires to pee. Katara re-chained Azula’s hand. “Mmm, you don’t know how many times I’ve gone off by myself to masturbate to the thought of you.” Azula thought to herself; “M...must hold on...must not pee...I’m royalty, princess of the Fire Nation, and a Firebending prodigy…” Suddenly, another part of her mind spoke up, “A prodigy that’s about to pee herself like a little girl…” Azula was in agony. Her hair clung to her sweaty temples as she fought the waves of desperation and pleasure that were eroding her psyche. She waved her head back and forth, drool dribbling down her cheeks.

She looked down and saw Katara, bouncing her sexy ass in the air as she struggled to hold herself until Azula pleasure and desperation overcame her. Meanwhile, Katara was thinking frantically to herself. " O-Oh my gosh, she –she isn’t cracking! I can't hold it much longer, what am I gonna do?" She was absolutely bursting, yet she was forcing herself to hold it until Azula gave out. Suddenly, she got an idea. With difficulty, she raised herself up and began to tongue Azula's nipples.

Her nipples were even more sensitive than her vagina, and now this water bender was using her hot, slightly abrasive tongue to lick all over them, making them hard as stone. Her bladder was past its limit, and she couldn't resist the extreme horniness that she was feeling. Both girls were spurting uncontrollably, a mixture of ejaculation and pee. Katara knew it was the end for her. Try as she might, she couldn't hold the pee any longer; it looked like she was going to crack before Azula. She spurted one last time, but her muscles were too tired to stem the flow any longer.

Seconds before her bladder gave out, she leapt pulled herself up onto Azula by the chains and pressed her labia up against Azula’s. Katara involuntarily released a jet of pee, the honey colored nectar streaming from between her thighs and soaking her legs as well as Azula’s pussy. Katara sighed as she finally relaxed her muscles and let her pee flow freely. Azula couldn't take it anymore. The feeling of warm pee on her labia was the final straw, and within seconds, her own torrent joined Katara’s as they both let out orgasmic moans, their bladders emptying onto one another’s bodies.

A moment later, both girls came explosively, soaking each other even more. Katara bit her lip. This was so hot, and she was getting excruciatingly aroused. She couldn't resist, her pussy was screaming for attention, surprising Katara, as she had just came not 10 seconds ago. Katara thrust her hand between her legs, furiously rubbing her clit. This sight began to cause Azula’s pussy to drip with lady juice yet again. Katara saw this and grinned coyly at Azula.

"You're wet again? You naughty whore," she cooed. "Beg for it."

Azula said nothing, her lips a thin line as tears of indignation streamed silently down her face. She wanted so badly for Katara to touch her, to dominate her clit, but the little bit of dignity she had left would not allow her to ask. Katara began tracing the skin on Azula's thighs just outside her labia. Katara’s hand would trace a circle around her crotch, coming closer and closer to Azula’s soaking gash, only to retreat when it got within a fraction of a millimeter from the outer lips. Azula could hardly stand this torture. She no longer cared about being the cold, ruthless, inaccessible tyrant she usually was. She needed to be touched, and she needed to be touched NOW.

"P-Please...” she whispered almost inaudibly.

Katara looked up in mock confusion. "What was that? I can’t hear you..."

"PLEASE!" Azula screamed. "Put your hand back between my legs...touch my breasts...kiss me...anything! I'm so aroused; I can't take it any longer!” Azula was positively crying with frustration now, frantically moving her hips as to try to force Katara’s hand to slide onto her whimpering cunt.

Katara smiled and then leaped on Azula. After she had gotten a good hold of the chains to hold herself up, she began grinding her clit against Azula's, making sure Azula's clit hair touched her labia. Azula threw her head back, not in agony, but ecstasy. This peasant was so GOOD; Azula thought she would go crazy if Katara stopped. After only 5 minutes of this, both girls came in one earth shattering scream. Katara kissed Azula on the lips, and Azula was only so happy to oblige, parting her lips to admit Katara's tongue. Azula's head slumped, exhausted. She began rubbing her thighs together, realizing that she had not COMPLETELY emptied her bladder, but she was too tired to do anything, so she just let her body go limp and released the last little bit. Watching the pee snake lazily down her leg, she fell asleep, secretly hoping that her bladder would not remain empty for long....

}}

*038*2012-10-13 03:20

{{: 

Announcement: I now need to change my pants.

}}

Why's that?

