One more stab at this (kinda long)

Author: Jodan

*000*2014-09-21 17:44

Be gentle. This is long, and ya never know, it may suck!

Also some mild sexual content is involved, some mention of female masturbation, but not overly so... I hope not anyway.

PART ONE

It was her 18th birthday, but Brittney felt far from gleeful at this particular moment. Right now she was 100% focused on getting home as fast as possible and getting to the bathroom. She had been out all night with her two best friends from school, Misty and Gretchen. They had gone to a barbecue restaurant for dinner and then to the movies to see the latest slasher flick. The two main events of the evening had been nicely tied off by the fact that Gretchen, her best friend since the second grade, revealed that she had managed to talk her older brother into getting them a little something for the evening. That little something was a bottle of Coconut Rum. They had all had a couple shots before the movie.

Thinking back now, as the lines in the center of the road passed with vicious speed that was somehow not quite fast enough, her legs feeling weak and shaky and cold in her favorite blue jeans from the struggle to contain the contents of her bladder, she thought she could pin point the moment at which it had occurred to her that she needed to pee. It had been maybe a third of the way through the movie; after two characters had already met their grizzly doom at the hands of a skin suit wearing, shovel wielding maniac, another character, a stereotypical playboy bunny college student with bleached hair and blue contacts in her eyes was making her way through a dilapidated chicken coop in the dark. The intensity of the scene had Brittney tense and mildly shivering. It was at that moment she had felt the first twinge in her groin, that mild notification that it was nearing time to use the restroom.

As the film advanced, so did the pressure in Brittney’s bladder. By the half way mark of the nearly three hour horror, she was beginning to think she’d have to get up and go to the bathrooms and miss part of the movie if it didn't quit getting worse. Of course it didn't stop, by the three quarter mark in the film, she was sitting very still accept for her right leg, which was bouncing up and down rapidly. Finally she gave in and got up, excusing herself to her friends as she went.

"You’ll miss something important." Misty said in a teasing voice.

"It’s better than the alternative," Brittney replied, placing her hands together at her crotch, then spreading them apart and downward mocking a spreading wet patch.

Misty giggled at this, and Gretchen said in a whisper, "Hurry back, you don’t wanna miss anything."

Brittney walked stiffly up the isle toward the door marked “EXIT.” Once through the door, she headed directly down the hall and across the lobby toward the restrooms. As she crossed the lobby, she felt the pressure in her bladder as it seemed to grow. She had always noticed how when she really needed to pee, it always got worse as she got closer to a toilet. She had heard someone call it the Proximity Effect. Whatever it was, she felt it now, big time. She reached the door marked “LADIES” with the little stick figure in a dress below it, grabbed the handle and pulled. Much to her dismay, the door didn't budge. It was then that a girl who apparently worked at the theater approached from behind, a slip of paper and a roll of clear tape in her hands.

"I’m sorry, but the restrooms are out of order," the dark haired, slightly chubby girl said meekly, "temporarily anyway. The water has been shut off for some kind of work they’re doing outside. We can’t even serve food until its back on."

Brittney didn't even respond. She simply walked back toward the theater, now feeling very worried. Brittney had always prided herself on being in control; she was always two steps ahead in everything she did. Her grades were perfect, she was athletic, a member of the track team as well as the volleyball team, and she was responsible and well liked. She was the girl who got mildly annoyed at other girls who always needed to be excused from class to go pee, and secretly kind of prided herself on not being one of them. Now, she found herself in kind of a pickle. She very badly needed to use the restroom, but really didn't want to ruin everyone’s night by leaving the movie early. She wasn't sure she could make it to the end either, it’d been a long time since she’d needed the restroom this badly.

When she returned to her seat, Gretchen smiled at her and whispered, "You didn't miss much. Feel better?"

Brittney forced a smile. She wanted to say that she didn't feel better at all. She wanted to say that the restrooms were locked and that she needed to pee so bad that her teeth were floating, but for some reason, she didn't say that. What she said was, "Yeah, we’re good." Then she sat back and tried to focus on the movie.

She had made it through to the end of the film. By that point, Brittney’s legs were already starting to get shaky and her crotch felt numb, hot and cold at the same time. She got up and followed her friend out to the parking lot, where all three of their cars were parked. They said their goodbyes, Brittney trying her best not to show how desperately she needed to pee, and they got in their cars and went their separate ways… and here she was.

Sweat ran down her forehead slightly dampening her light brown hair, the muscles in her thighs and butt strained and quivered, struggling to hold back against the pressure of her very overfull bladder. She was nearly home, another couple minutes, and she’d be home free. She reached down between her legs with her left hand and gave her crotch a squeeze through her jeans. It helped a little, but not much. She knew she had to hurry, she knew she couldn't hold it much longer.

She turned the corner on to her street when her bladder seemed to almost spasm, she felt as if her pee was on the verge of coming out, right at the point of no return. She pressed her thighs together and squeezed her crotch again as she let out a frustrated, panicked little moan. She turned into her driveway and threw the car in park. As she stood she felt her bladder muscles give a little and that feeling of being on the verge of peeing returned to her. She grabbed her crotch now with both hands and crossed her legs, bobbing up and down a little.

When she realized the bobbing wasn't helping, she stiffened her crossed legs and stood rigid. She didn't even feel it slip out, but suddenly she felt her hand go warm and wet. She bore down for all she was worth and managed to stop it… she was pretty sure anyway. She hobbled half cross legged across the lawn and up on the front the porch, through the front door and through the living room. Her parents must have been sleeping, and she was thankful for that much. She hobbled down the hallway and saw the bathroom door. The pressure intensified again and she felt another, longer spurt escape into her panties, spreading the dark wet spot in the crotch of her jeans a little more.

As she reached to door another spurt escaped, now the spot in her crotch was starting to spread up the crack of her butt and down her thighs a little, and with every step closer to the toilet, more pee was spurting out. Brittney watched in horrific disbelief as the shiny wet spot spread more and more on her jeans, going down her legs nearly to her knees now, and by the feel of it, spreading up her butt as well. She reached the toilet and yanked her already soaked jeans down, now peeing full force through her panties. She lifted the lid to the toilet as pee continued to pour through her light blue panties and fall into her jeans which were now around her knees.

Quickly, she turned around and plopped down onto the toilet, not bothering to pull her panties down. She sat there on the toilet and finished peeing through her panties, feeling completely shocked and embarrassed. Her entire lower body felt weak and shaky. When she was finished, she stood up and pulled her jeans back up. She looked in the mirror and saw she was thoroughly soaked, wet in the crotch and on the butt, and down both legs a little passed the knees. She didn't even bother going to her room, she simply turned on the shower, undressed and got in. It was then that she had her epiphany.

When she got into the shower and a jet of water hit her clitoris, she gasped at a sudden unexpected surge of pleasure, and within seconds, she was having an incredibly intense orgasm. By the time it was over, she found herself collapsed in the tub with the shower raining down upon her, out of breath and quite honestly wondering what the hell had happened. Whatever it was, it was intense, and Brittney assumed it must have had something to do with her accident. She finished her shower, still feeling twinges in her vagina, particularly when she thought about her accident, and toweled off.

She went back to her room and lay in bed, thinking more about what had happened; thinking of the pressure, of the nervousness, thinking that moment of pure shock and panic as she felt herself starting to full on wet her pants, seeing the wet spot glisten and spread in her mind’s eye. Before long she found herself feeling those twinges again, and not long after that, she was officially excited. She didn't understand why thinking about peeing her pants was doing this to her, but at this point she didn't care much. As she touched herself in bed, thinking of these things, she had a thought of what it would be like to wet herself in front of her friends, and in imagining their shocked reaction to her totally wetting herself in front of them, she reached another orgasm. She decided that night, that she had to try it.

PART TWO

The weekend went by without any incident, just relaxing around the house. Brittney had hidden her wet jeans and panties at the bottom of her clothes hamper until Sunday, when she had washed them while her mom was at the store and her dad in the garage. The idea that occurred to her on Friday night, the night of her birthday and the night of her incident, had stewed in her brain over the weekend and finally, lying in bed on Sunday night, touching herself while thinking of her accident, she had made the decision to go through with it. She decided that she was going to set it up to where she would wet her pants in front of either Misty, Gretchen, or both. It was bold, very bold, and the very thought of it made Brittney's spine tingle. She relished the thought of what her friends would say and do if she were to have an accident in front of them. But she also understood that there were a couple drawbacks to this idea.

First, there was the 'losing face' aspect of it. Brittney had always prided herself on being the responsible one, the grown up one, always in control and sensible. She knew that if she went through with this, they'd never look at her quite the same again. At the same time, the fact that she was known to them as such an in control kind of person would only make their reactions all the more exciting to Britney.

Second, she realized that if she did this in front of her friends, it was likely to get out what had happened. They were her friends, but something like that is hard to keep under wraps. Depending on where she decided to do it, she might not be able to keep her friend’s parents and siblings, or even her own parents from finding out as well.

In the end she decided that she was just going to do it and worry about consequences later. She usually preached against such ideas, but there’s a first time for everything. She figured that because no one had been present for her accident, and because she had such a reputation for being so collected, everyone would likely be pretty sympathetic. They'd probably also be shocked, but they'd be sympathetic. She decided that she’d do it the following day. After school, her and the girls would often go to the local mall for an hour or so to look at clothes and hit the food court. She’d not use the restroom all day, then after the mall, on their way back to Gretchen's she'd let it be known that she was desperate and not sure if she could make it. Once they got back to Gretchen’s, she'd do it.

The next day came and Brittney went to school. It was still winter, so she dressed somewhat warm, choosing a light grey hoodie and a pair of tight, light blue jeans that she thought would show the pee spot very well. By the time she got to school, her heart was already pounding. Was she really planning to pee herself in front of her friends? That sort of thing would scar most people for life, and now was she seriously planning to put herself in that situation willingly? She was thrilled to answer these questions with "YES," but she didn't know why. She didn't care.

After the initial start to the day, the rest of it was pretty uneventful. By lunch, Brittney was amazed that she didn't have to pee at all yet, so she bought a large Gatorade from the vending machine and chugged it before lunch was over. By the time her last class let out, she was squirming in her seat. She ran to the vending machine again anyway before meeting Gretchen and Misty in the parking lot. As they drove to the mall, Brittney sipped on her second Gatorade and felt the strong pressure building in her bladder. She made small talk with Gretchen and Misty, laughing a little but being careful not to push it too far.

They got to the mall and walked around the clothing stores for about forty five minutes or so. The pressure in Brittney's bladder was now getting to the point where she was wondering if she might have overdone the Gatorade. She hoped she'd make it back to Gretchen's. They went to the food court and ate tacos, all the while Brittney became more and more desperate to pee. As they left for Gretchen’s car and passed the restrooms, a voice in Brittney’s head screamed, 'GO! YOU CAN STILL BACK OUT! GO TO THE BATHROOM! DON’T DO IT!!!' But she kept walking. It was about a twenty minute drive to Gretchen’s house, and it was usually stop and go. It had been about five minutes, Brittney was sitting in the back seat on the driver's side, Gretchen was driving and Misty was riding shotgun. They were making small talk about the movie they had seen on Friday. Brittney decided it was time to say something if she was going to say it, so she spoke up.

"Um… how much longer till we get to your house, Gretchen?" She asked, deliberately sounding concerned and shy.

"Probably about fifteen minutes, maybe longer if there’s any traffic," Gretchen replied casually, "What’s up?"

Brittney deliberately let there be a moment of awkward silence before responding, "Um… this is really embarrassing… I don’t know if I just drank too much or what, but I… I really have to pee guys. Like really bad."

Misty let out a giggle at this. Gretchen looked back at Brittney through the rear view mirror, "Well, I’m not sure what to tell ya, Brit. I’ll get there as fast as I can." She said with a shrug, sounding apologetic.

Seeing that Gretchen was looking at her through the mirror, Brittney crossed her legs tightly and put a hand in her crotch. "Just please hurry," she said, deliberately sounding more worried now.

Now Misty turned around in her seat and looked at Brittney. She giggled again, "Are you gonna be okay?"

A twinge started up in the bottom of Brittney’s stomach extending down to her groin. Was she really doing this? She pulled in a breath through her teeth and looked at Misty with a look of panic but didn't say anything. A look of concerned realization came over Misty’s face and she slowly turned back around. She gave Gretchen a look of concern and shock that was returned three fold by Gretchen. Brittney saw this and found herself incredibly turned on, which was making it even harder to hold in her pee. She didn't want to wet herself in Gretchen's car, that would ruin the seat and she didn't want to do that to her friend. But at this rate, she wasn't sure if she’d have a choice if they didn't get there soon. Another five minutes went by.

Brittney spoke up again, "Guys… I’m really sorry… I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I really, really need to pee. Like, I’m not sure how much longer I can hold it." Even though she was secretly enjoying this, Brittney felt her cheeks burning red as she said this.

"We’re almost there, Brit." Gretchen replied, "Hold on just a little longer, five minutes."

"Think of pleasant things," Misty added, "like hoses and rivers and waterfalls…" She broke into giggles as the sentence ended.

Brittney pretended to giggle with her for a second, then suddenly gasped loud enough so that she knew they would both hear, Misty spun back around to face her. "You alright?" she asked.

Brittney crossed her legs tight and squirmed in her seat, now feeling a strong urge to pee, but still hamming it up a little, "Guys, seriously… Don't make me laugh. I can’t hold it anymore. You have to hurry. I’m seriously about to pee my pants here."

"Don’t piss in my car!" Gretchen shouted, laughing. A moment later they were all laughing. Brittney decided this was the point of no return. She let out a sizable spurt of pee, feeling the warmth as it surged through her panties and dampened the crotch of her jeans. It was actually more than she’d intended, but still not so much as to get the seat.

Brittney let out another gasp, "Guys, seriously! Don’t make me laugh! It’s starting to come out!" This was greeted by more laughter as Brittney sat with her hands in her crotch and her legs crossed in the back seat.

Between giggle’s Misty asked, "Are you seriously peeing?"

Brittney flushed red, then quickly moved her hands away from her crotch, revealing a silver dollar sized wet spot on her jeans. She quickly moved her hands back to cover the spot as Misty’s eyes grew wide. There was no laughter now, it was as if it had suddenly become real for Misty. She turned back to Gretchen and said, "You better hurry or you’re gonna have a wet seat."

They sped the rest of the way back, and by the time they neared Gretchen’s house, Brittney was finding it hard to not just let it go where she sat. Besides the pressure from her bladder, her heart was also pounding in anticipation. She couldn't believe she was actually about to do this. She could feel herself becoming turned on imagining how they would react. This did not help her to hold it any. They pulled up into the driveway and Gretchen and Misty got out. Brittney opened her door, but sat still for a second.

"Come on!" Misty almost shouted.

"Hang on…" Brittney said in a strained voice, hearing her own heart pounding in her head, "give… give me a sec… I can’t move yet…" She sat there a few seconds longer, then took a deep breath and stood up, Misty helping her out of the car. She began to take tiny baby steps with her legs pressed together in the direction of the house, every couple steps, she stopped and grabbed herself and crossed her legs. Misty was walking along beside her sort of helping her along, adding little bits of encouragement as they went. Gretchen was already unlocking the door. As they reached the steps that lead up onto the porch, Brittney realized it was now or never. If she was going to do this, it had to be now.

She gasped and stopped again, jamming her hands into her crotch and crossing her legs, "Ohshit-ohshit-ohshit!!!" She said through her teeth as she tensed up her legs. She decided to let go. This was it, the true point of no return. She relaxed her muscles and felt it coming. "Oh my god, you guys… I can’t… I can’t hold it!" As she said this she felt the first of her pee gush through her panties, soak the fabric of her jeans and wet her fingers. She squeezed her crotch and completely let go. She saw both Gretchen’s and Misty’s eyes grow wide and their mouths drop open as Brittney’s pee poured through her fingers and a dark wet stain spread out around her hand, flooding her crotch and down her legs. She could feel the heat and wetness of her pee spreading up the crack of her butt, soaking the fabric of her panties and jeans then flooding down the backs and insides of her legs.

"Oh my god!!!" Gretchen half shrieked, half laughed, "Holy shit, Brittney you’re wetting yourself!!"

Adding one more little bit of showmanship, Brittney uncrossed her legs and removed her hands from her crotch, still peeing full force and looked up at them with a look of defeat in her eyes (as best she could manage anyway), "I can’t stop peeing," She whimpered pitifully.

By the time she finished wetting herself, her jeans were soaked in the crotch, more than half way up the butt and down the backs, insides, and front of both legs down to the ankles. Her socks and shoes were soaked as well, a large puddle spreading out on the porch at her feet. She felt humiliation, extreme nervousness, and most of all, she felt incredibly turned on, as if she could come at the slightest touch. She looked at her friends again, both looking very shocked that their usually all-together friend had just peed her pants in front of them at age 18. There was a silence.

"Ho-ly-shit…" Misty finally said.

"I… I’m so sorry," Brittney said in a voice that could have been shaky because she had just wet herself, or could have been that way for other reasons, "I had to go so bad. I just couldn't hold it any more. I can't believe that actually just happened to me."

"Well, you can’t come in like that," Gretchen said, "You’re literally still dripping, and mom would probably kill me if I used one of the towels for that…"

Brittney felt her cheeks flush red again and a surge of static through her lower regions, "I know… can I use your shower though? I mean in a little bit, I'll sit out here until I, uh… stop dripping. Okay?"

Gretchen found this agreeable, so they sat outside on the porch for a few minutes, waiting for the ankles of Brittney’s jeans to stop dripping. There was a long silence. Finally Gretchen broke it, laughing. Misty asked her what’s so funny, and in return she looked to Brittney, "I just can’t believe you actually peed your pants."

Brittney laughed along with her a little, trying now to hide how desperately turned on she was by all of this. Sitting here in front of her friends who had just watched her wet her pants, feeling the wet fabric of her jeans cooling, feeling her panties clinging to her vagina and butt, it was all driving her mad. Finally enough time passed that she was no longer dripping from the pantleg. She took her sodden shoes and socks off and went into the bathroom, led by Gretchen and followed by Misty, who of course, now had her phone camera out getting footage of the aftermath of Brittney’s wetting accident. Finally they let her alone to shower. She felt that she had a marginal amount of pee still in her.

Apparently all the tension and excitement had made her feel more empty than she was. She stood in the bathtub, still fully dressed, and released the last of her pee into her jeans. The already damp crotch went shiny and warm again and she pressed her fingers against her clit through her jeans as she finished peeing, feeling the pee drip through her fingers as she did. Once finished, she unzipped the jeans and rubbed herself through her wet panties. It took less than ten seconds for her to orgasm.

She finished her shower and borrowed some pants from Gretchen. They put her soaked ones in a plastic bag. When Gretchen dropped her off at home, she ended up having to tell her parents what happened because they noticed she was in different pants. They were shocked, but they didn’t give her a hard time about it. She went straight to her room and rubbed herself to orgasm again at the thought that she had wet her pants in front of her friends at age 18, and that even her parents knew about it. This was going to be a fun new world to explore.

