Orange: The Untold Story

Author: Derpysquid

*000*2015-03-18 19:11

A couple things before the story starts. First, unless certain conditions take place, they're won't be any human omo, only pokemon omo. Secondly, I did get Alexxx's permission to use the pokespeak. Lastly, like Alexxx's story, this won't be omo in every update. There will be some, but not in the beginning. Let the story begin! Hope you enjoy :)

"Use Fire Blast!" Red screamed.

The Charizard let out a giant roar, and a giant ball of fire shot out of the beast's mouth, heading towards the opponent's Blastoise. In midair, the fire ball changed into the shape of a star, and the Blastoise braced for impact. As the fire hit Blastoise, there was a giant boom. When the smoke cleared, Blastoise was on the ground. It had fainted.

"Amazing!" The announcer said "Against all odds, Red won! He's now the Pokémon League Champion!" Everyone in the audience in the audience was cheering and confetti feel to congratulate the new champion.

"Wow" I thought to myself, in front of my computer screen "Years later and I'm still surprised he won" The camera panned to Red, who had a giant smile on his face.

"Honey!" my mom yelled from downstairs.

"Yea?" I yelled back

"Oak want's you to go to his office"

"Okay I'll be right down"

I paused the video, turned off the computer screen, and ran downstairs. When I got to the door, my mom pulled me into a hug

"Happy 18th Birthday honey"

I grinned "Thanks"

She let go of me and looked up at me.

"Oh, my Orange is all grown up now"

"Yup" I replied "I guess I am"

"Ok, well, have fun at Oaks."

"Ok"

"Love you"

"Love you too"

And with that, I closed the door and started walking to Oak's office. I felt the cool Spring breeze fly across my face. I looked around the town, it wasn't very big, only about 3 houses and Oak's office. When I got to Oak's office, I walked in. I took off my shoes and walked toward Oak.

"Hi, Orange" one of Oak's assistants said.

"Hi" I replied.

When I got to Oak, he was talking to another professor on his PC.

"Hold on a second, he's here." Oak turned away from the PC and looked at me with his smiling face.

"Why hello there Orange. Happy Birthday!" he said

"Hi Professor, thanks" I replied

"Wow, are you already 18?"

"Yep, I sure am"

"In that case, I have a surprise for you."

"What is it?"

"Well first, you should meet Professor Rowan. He's a Pokémon Professor that works all the way in the Sinnoh region."

"Hello there Orange, Oak has told me a lot about you."

"I've been talking to him for a while now, and I finally convinced him to give you a rare Pokémon.

That surprised me. "Wh-What?!?!"

"Yup, and there's 3 you can chose from."

"Oak, thank you! How can I repay you? I can..."

"No need. Consider it as a birthday present."

"Now Orange" Rowan said from the PC "There's 3 different Pokémon to chose from. There's Chimchar, the fire type, Piplup the water type, and Turtwig, the grass type. Now think carefully about your decision"

I took a long stare at the three poke balls.

"I think I'll chose... Turtwig."

"Ok, I'll send him over."

"Thank you so much!!"

"It's nothing, really"

Then a poke ball appeared on the PC. I grabbed it and looked at it.

"And here" Oak put a small device in my hand. "It's called a pokespeak. It allows you to telepathically communicate with Pokémon. You just put it in your ear, and boom" I put the device in my ear and looked at Oak.

"Can I..." I asked

"Yes" Oak replied "You can go."

And with that, I bolted out the door.

*001*2015-03-25 19:25

"Go Turtwig!" I shouted as the pokeball left the palm of my hand. A beam of light came out of the ball as the pokeball opened in midair. The beam struck the ground and a turtle-like figure started to form. When it finished, the pokeball came back to me and a Turtwig was looking at me with a look of curiosity on his face. I was filled with awe.

"Your my first Pokémon..." I bent down and pat him on the head. He happily received it. "Let's see if this thing works" I flipped the pokespeak from off to on.

"Um... H-hello?" There was a pause. Nothing. "Hello? Is this thing working?" Still, nothing.

"Hmm, Turtwig, return." I clicked the button on the pokeball and Turtwig returned into his capsule. I walked back to Professor Oak's Lab.

"Hey Oak?" I yelled when I got there.

"I'm back by my desk" he yelled back. I walked back to his desk where he was typing something on his computer.

"What's the matter, Orange? What happened to your Turtwig?" he asked.

"I think my pokespeak is broken."

"Why's that?"

"I'm not hearing anything back from Turtwig"

"Ok, do you think your pokespeak is broken or your Turtwig's?"

"Huh?"

"Which pokespeak do you think is causing the problem yours or-" I cut him off.

"No, you said Turtwig's pokespeak"

"Yea, what about it?"

"My Turtwig has one?"

"I thought so... send him out." I clicked the button on Turtwig's pokeball and he came out. Oak kneeled down and checked Turtwig's ear.

"Ah. I found the problem"

"What?"

"His pokespeak isn't on"

"Oh. I didn't know he had one. Thanks."

"No problem" and Turtwig and I walked out.

*002*2015-04-09 10:49

Sorry for lack of posts, I'll try to get the next part up ASAP

*003*2015-04-19 02:26

"Hello?" I said into my pokespeak "Is this thing on?" I waited for a moment. ..... Nothing.

"Ok what could be wrong now?" I muttered to myself. I reached to my pokespeak and right as I was about to pull it out, I heard a voice mumble over the pokespeak.

"Hi" it said. I looked down at my Turtwig. He was staring at me, trying to make himself as small as possible. He was extremely nervous. I chuckled.

"Hey, buddy" I sat down next to him. He gave me a nervous glance and inched over.

"Hey" I said to my nervous companion "Why so uptight?"

"It's just... it's just I've never met a human before and, I..."

"It's ok, I understand. Hey, do you have a name?"

"No, just Turtwig. Every Pokémon that I've met only called me Turtwig"

"So, is that what you prefer to be called?"

"I... I guess"

"Ok Turtwig it is" I looked over at Turtwig and he looked like he was starting to ease up. "So, is there anything you want to know?"

"Yes, actually where are we?"

"This is Pallet Town"

"Pallet Town? that's not in the Sinnoh region..."

"Oh right, your not from here, this the Kanto region"

"Kanto..., oh right Kanto"

"Wait, you know about all the regions?"

"Yea, it's common knowledge, why wouldn't I?"

"I don't know, I just didn't know Pokémon knew that kind of stuff."

"Anyway, why are we in Pallet Town?"

"We're going to do the gym leader run"

"Orange, dinner is ready" my mom called from the door

"Ok be right there"

"What did she say?" Turtwig asked

"She said dinner is ready." I started walking towards my house. I got halfway there before realizing Turtwig wasn't at my side. I looked back to where we were talking and saw him there.

"What are you waiting for? come on" I said to Turtwig

"Me?"

"Who else?"

"Oh I don't know..."

"What were you waiting for?"

"I didn't know if I'm allowed to."

"Why wouldn't you be allowed to?" He shrugged "Come on, bud." He then trotted over to my side and we both walked inside

*004*2015-04-28 21:28

Sorry for lack of posts. This story will pick up when my school work lets up

*005*2015-06-06 18:43

Ok after a while here's the next post

Orange POV

I walked inside where my mom was making dinner.

"Orange, your just in time, dinner is ready." I set the table while my mom put down dinner.

"I can't believe it's the last time we eat dinner together before you move out" she said as tears started to well up in her eyes.

I patted her on the back and said "Don't worry, I'll visit"

She looked at me and said "You will?"

"Yea, don't worry about it"

"It's just, well, Red and your father don't visit at all."

"That's because Red's on an adventure and dad's working"

"I know it's just, I don't want to get lonely..."

"Don't worry, I'll visit. And I have another idea too."

"What?"

"I'll catch a pokemon you might like and I'll send him/her to you."

"Really?" I nodded "Ok... have fun on your adventure." Then me and my mom hugged.

###

Turtwig POV

I came out of my pokeball to see Orange in a room full of boxes

"Where are we?"

"My room"

"What time is it?"

"About 9:00 I was going to ask you if you wanted to sleep outside or inside your pokeball"

"Outside"

"Ok" he patted his bed "Hop on up" I jumped up in the bed

"Goodnight bud, tomorrow, we'll begin our adventure" he said

"Ok, goodnight" and with that he turned off his lamp and we went to sleep.

###

I woke up around 2:30. I found my self very tired.

Why did I wake up? I thought to myself. I thought about it for a second and I was about to back to sleep when it hit me like a rock. I had to pee. Bad.

I had all my legs shoved into my crotch to prevent any leaking. I didn't want to wake him up because it was 2:30. But I also didn't want to pee on his bed.

What to do... I thought to myself. I'll just try and hold it until he gets up.

I sat there for about 20 minutes before a squirt of urine shot out of my bladder. I cringed, but luckily it got absorbed in my fur so none of it got on the bed, nut I wasn't willing to take that chance again. So I decided that I'd tell him.

"Um, Orange." I whispered "Orange?"

He looked at me before grumbling "what?"

"I need to pee." I said, embarrassed

"Can't it wait until morning?"

"Not unless you want me to pee all over your bed."

He sat up "To get to the bathroom go down the hallway and it's the first door on the right" and he laid back down

"Wait"

"Whaaat"

"I can't move"

"What do you mean"

"If I move, I'll b-burst"

"Ok, it is a problem. I'll have to carry you won't I?"

I nodded

"Ok" he replied

So he got up and slowly walked to the toilet. "P-please hurry" I finally said

He started to walk a little faster and after what seemed like an eternity, we finally reached the bathroom. He put me down on the toilet seat.

"Do you know what to do?" I nodded.

"Ok, I'm going to go back to my room and when you finish, flush, and come back ok?"

"Ok, can I pee now?"

"Yes" and with that he went back to his room. Then I let go. The urine shot out of my crotch and into the toilet and when I finished, I flushed, went back to his room and fell asleep.

