Jason and Mr. Granger, Part One

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2012-08-22 00:53

I know I've posted this on other sites before, but I love my "Jason" character.

Jason is a very proper, very driven young man. Tomorrow, he has his long-awaited and dreamed about job interview for The Company! He wasn’t even a year out of college, and already The Company wants to interview him! Only one company could be prestigious enough to go by just “The Company”. The pay was great, the benefits were great, and just to say one worked there opened many doors. Jason is so excited by the opportunity to work for The Company, and in such a lucrative position! He would be able to pay off his student loans sooner, get a bigger apartment without a roommate, the American Dream seemed to be within sight. Jason had to make sure his interview went flawlessly. So, the night before, he lays out his best suit and new dress shoes. He prepares his coffee maker for morning coffee and sets the timer to go off with his alarm, which he set plenty early enough to wake up and get ready. He even goes to bed early.

Jason hits the snooze button a few too many times the morning of his big interview. He wakes up with less than ten minutes to get ready and on the road. No breakfast, but he was able to get his large travel mug of coffee filled before heading out the door, running an electric shaver over his face. He has to hurry. The Company is a good half-hour away from Jason’s apartment, but it was rush hour, it could take forever. He had fifty minutes to be there.

Jason was tired, and hungry, so he drank all his coffee in the first twenty minutes on the road, in an attempt to quell his gnawing stomach, and open his sandy eyes. Almost immediately, he regrets it. He’s already nervous, and the coffee on top of that left him with a full, touchy, bladder. But, The Company’s not far, and if traffic kept playing nice, Jason would get there early enough to ask about the men’s room before the interview.

Traffic stops playing nice. The closer Jason gets to his exit, the worse the traffic is. So is Jason’s nervousness. He’s nervous about being late, nervous about the interview, and in the back of his mind, he’s wondering when he’ll get a chance to pee. Soon, his growing need took up most of his attention, and Jason finds himself hoping he’ll make it to The Company without having to stop somewhere and go. After all, he’s twenty-two, he should be able to hold his water! The short debate of whether to stop or not pretty much solved itself for him…there really was no place to go once Jason got off the freeway. His dark eyes frantically scanned the street for a gas station or fast food joint, but all he saw was office building after office building. There wasn’t even an alley to pull into and sneak a quick pee next to the car. The thought of doing so, however, made proper, uptight Jason feel uncomfortable, anyway.

Up ahead loomed The Company. Jason didn’t dare look at the clock. He was virtually certain he was going to be late. Luckily, he found a nice, close parking spot, he only had to walk half a block. But, needing to pee so badly, it was a longer walk than it seemed. Jason stepped through the door of The Company precisely at nine. Already, the interviewer was waiting for him. No chance to ask to use the rest room. He knew that in some situations, needing to excuse oneself was looked down upon, and Jason was willing to bet that an interview at The Company might be one of them. He could not fuck up the interview.

He followed Mr. Granger, with whom Jason had shook his firmest, most confident handshake with, into an office and sat down across from him at a shiny wood table. Jason wanted to wiggle, it was so painful to sit down with a full bladder, and he tried to subtly adjust things to make himself more comfortable.

“Would you like some coffee, Mr. Bates?” Mr. Granger asked, and poured himself a cup from the air pot sitting on the edge of the table.

Jason, who was struggling against the pouring sound, shook his head. “No thank you, Sir.” He didn’t want to refuse, but any amount of fluid, especially coffee, would not be good right now. Not good at all.

Mr. Granger looked at Jason’s resume. “You have very impressive credentials, Mr. Bates. Graduated magna cum laude from the University of Milwaukee with an MBA in business, did a summer internship with Chase Bank during the summers. Your references all spoke highly of you…”

Jason nodded at the right times, or what he thought were the right times. He’d thought long about all he wanted to say, but he couldn’t think of any of it now. All he could think about was holding his pee until the interview was over. Waves of desperation were coming constantly now, and he had to fight them with only his mind. He knew to keep his hands off his crotch during an interview, and hadn’t ever had a problem doing so until now.

Mr. Granger talked on and on. He was smiling, so Jason knew he was being praised, but he couldn’t concentrate at all. When Mr. Granger switched to the topic of The Company itself, Jason could have cried. This interview was not going to be over any time soon. And, despite his best efforts, he couldn’t fight a particularly bad wave of desperation. His bladder couldn’t handle so much. “No no no…” Jason thought. “You are twenty-two, you’re not going to wet your pants!” But, it happened. Just a little pee escaped, and wet his fine silk boxers. Once that little bit got out, the rest soon followed in a gush that soaked his suit, pooled in the leather chair he was sitting in, and dripped on the plush carpet in Mr. Granger’s office. Jason sat in utter disbelief and shock before the embarrassment came.

“I’m so sorry, Sir, “ Jason apologized. “I…I don’t know what happened…I mean, I don’t normally…Oh fuck, I can’t believe I…I’m so sorry. Send me the bill,” Jason finally said, defeated. “The address on my resume is current.” He stood up to go. He couldn’t believe he’d pissed himself at the big interview. He couldn’t believe he’d pissed himself at all. Now The Company would never hire him.

He was at the door when he felt a hand on his shoulder. It was Mr. Granger.

“Not so fast, Mr. Bates. I am very impressed with your resume and job experience. Also, your dedication. Not many people would do what you did today, forgoing even nature’s call for your job. I have a feeling I did not see you at your best today, and I’d like to reschedule your interview. How does Thursday at noon sound? We’ll meet for lunch at Louise’s. And, don’t worry about the cleaning bill, we’ll take care of it.”

Jason smiled. The Company surely was impressed by him.

