A New Class?

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-01-21 12:23

The Strange Class Details

Dewleaf

(Completely fiction and quite different from what you might expect from an arousing beginning, but if anyone shows interest, I may continue this story into chapters)

A boy about the age of nineteen with blond hair, blue eyes, and a princely smile walked up the short walkway of an expansive manor and rang the doorbell. What was to wait for him inside, was something he had not guessed would happen in all his life. Ralph was finally going to get something he had only ever dreamed of.

Inside the mansion, all appeared empty, and front door was not latched so that when Ralph pushed gently upon the door, he could see into an expansive room with large picture frame windows opposite of him, a beautiful golden carpet that filled the room, and a few red-wine covered silky cushioned chairs and sofas spread neatly around the sitting room.

“Wow,” Ralph said to himself. “Where is everyone?”

He looked again at the address paper, taking it from his jean jacket top left pocket and read it again. 192 Burmingham Way.

He shrugged and folded the paper again tucking it back into place in his left top jean pocket. His jean and wool material coat was nicely warm in this snowy weather that laid out a picturesque view through the large windows. He could see a snowman, but the snowman was different in that it was more or less shaped like a fit woman with panties on and a short button down shirt that was purposely left open allowing him to see the bumps for breasts made into the sculpture. Who ever made it was very creative, and though he wondered how it didn’t melt with the shirt on it, the most alarming thing, was they had gotten a real pair of pink panties on it, and yet the feet of the girl were touching the ground. How did they do that?

While Ralph contemplated the mysterious snow-girl, from the left archway, a red headed girl strolled in. Her hair was quite curly, and it was more auburn than red. Her face had a few freckles especially around the cheeks, and her eyes were a vivid green.

“I’m Ginny,” the girl reached her hand out towards Ralph.

Ralph looked her up and down, seeing that she was in a nice tan top and some new looking blue-jeans. Her feet were still bare, and her nails were painted red along with her lips.

“You are waiting for Nancy, aren’t you?” she asked him as she wrapped her thin fingers around his shoulders to take his coat.

Ralph nodded not realizing that she was already strolling to a door with his coat. She could have just about undressed him because of the trance he was in from watching her beauty walk from him towards the closet.

“She’ll be right in, but in the meanwhile, you can relax on the sofa and tell me about yourself and why you wanted to spend a weekend at our mansion.”

“I saw the ad in the paper about a manager,” he responded his face becoming red at the thought of the type of manager they were really looking for.

“Oh, yes. So you think you can train us to be like old fashion girl ‘nice girls,” she raised an eye.

“Well, if you really want to learn, I can teach you what I think that means, yeah.”

“So you came with rules and everything with you, haven’t you?” she asked him.

“The rules and procedures for my classes are in my coat pocket on several flash memory clips. I will be glad to share them all with all of you ladies once everyone has introduced herself, why she wants this training, and then I have been shown to the multimedia room that has been promised for my instructional periods.”

“Sounds good,” Ginny smiled. “Why don’t I get you something to drink?” she asked.

“Some grape juice?” Ralph raised an eyebrow. He had specifically told the girl on the phone that he was addicted to grape juice, and would be drinking that nearly all day. He also asked her to promise that while the girls were being trained, that they stick to fruit juices as well throughout the day.

“Of course,” Ginny giggled. She walked out of the room to get the juice and a blond young woman with blue eyes and wavy hair came from the other side of the room from the opening that Ginny first came from and then exited through.

“Oh, hi.” She smiled. “Are you here for Nancy?” she asked.

“Yeah, I guess,” Ralph answered looking into her eyes. “But really, my business will include you all once Nancy and I have ironed out our contract.”

“Oh, you are our new trainer,” she squealed. “I’m Kate. I’m a little excited at times, but I’ll try to do everything you teach me.” Her face was slightly pink. It was obvious that she thought Ralph might be good looking or something.

Ralph itched his left hand.

“I’ll go get Nancy for you,” Kate giggled and departed the room.

Three other girls came into the room when Kate left. A thin model like girl with black hair, brown eyes, and a darker skin tone by the name of Melissa, A girl with rather short brown hair and brown eyes with fairly light skin, by the name of Amanda, and a girl with black shining hair that reached her mid-back and black eyes by the name of Yukari were all standing in his presence. Ralph thought about each of the girls that he had met thus far, and Ginny was certainly the tallest while Yukari was the shortest. Melissa was probably Mexican, and seemed very sweet. Kate as excitable, and Ginny was probably a natural leader.

Ginny brought in some grape juice and cookies for Ralph and the six girls to enjoy.

“So, are there just six of you, or is someone else hiding?” Ralph asked Ginny.

“No, just six at the moment, but I think Nancy wants the school to grow eventually. I don’t know how that will happen though. You are the only teacher to respond to our ads, and we are the only five students besides her, that have shown any interest in the program for the last six months.”

“Well, why don’t we start with you then,” Ralph continued to talk to Ginny while the three others sat listening, and Kate was busy getting Nancy. “Why do you want to do this training?”

“It’s a sad story,” she sighed. “You see, I wanted to marry this very handsome and nice guy from England. He and I were getting along so great and I really thought he loved me. He said he did, but anyway, he decided he couldn’t marry me.”

Ralph looked at her puzzled.

“Well, you see, I am… too… er… strong, was the way he put it. He said that I didn’t know how to be a lady, and he really couldn’t marry someone that wasn’t a lady.”

“Did he tell you what a lady was like?”

“Well, he said that I said vulgar things in public, and that my clothes were not always in good taste though I think I wear popular things that guys like.”

Ralph nodded kind of understanding what the guy may have meant. At the moment, there wasn’t really anything wrong with what she was wearing or what she said. He didn’t think she was the kind of person to swear at every given opportunity, so it must have been the hidden things that people don’t think about.

“So, you could just find someone else,” Ralph offered her.

“Yes, but he said he would come back in a year, and if I learned to talk, dress, and be a lady, he would consider marrying me because he really liked me. So, I want to learn to be a lady for him.”

Ralph nodded. He would teach her, but he wasn’t sure his training would be exactly what the boy would want. Still, he said nothing about his training or intentions to her.

“So, you are Melissa?” he turned to the Mexican girl. “Why do you want to attend this class?”

“I just want to know what men are looking for in a girl for long term relationships. I have been in many short term flings, but it never gets serious, and I think it’s because of something I am doing wrong.”

“I see. And you do watch what you say and how you dress?” he asked her.

“Yes. I try to wear my hair in different styles that might be pleasing from time to time, I dress in fashionable clothes, and I try to agree with them whenever I can and even let them touch me before I’m really comfortable if I have to.”

Ralph nodded understanding what her problem was. She was the kind of girl guys liked in the short term, and she didn’t understand that these things would never lead to a long lasting love. She didn’t understand patience. He didn’t say this to her, he simply thought about what he would do to teach her.

By then, Kate had reappeared with a young woman in her twenties. The girl was wearing an open blouse, completely unbuttoned, but with a t-shirt under it so that her chest was covered. Her blond-nearly brown hair was brushed until it was very soft and hung at her shoulders. Her blue eyes sparkled and her red lips were parted. He couldn’t help feel something within him stir for her.

Below her extra-long t-shirt, she had on nothing but panties, but they were covered by the length of the shirt. Her legs were smooth, beautiful, and soft with nothing covering them. Her feet were natural except for the pink polish she had put on all 20 of her nails.

“I am Nancy,” the young lady addressed Ralph.

Ralph stood at once, and escorted her to the seating area. He had feelings that he didn’t want to change the way this young nymph was that stood in front of him, but he knew he had to. She wanted to know what a decent girl should be like, and she wanted probably what all the girls there wanted, a stable boyfriend that might lead to marriage.

“Nice to meet you,” he said as he took her hand. Her waltz to the seating area was so graceful, he wasn’t sure if she was dancing or walking. She certainly had a way with the way her body moved to stir him a little crazy.

“So, you have met all the girls,” Nancy said in a soft voice. “I would like to discuss our contract in detail….”

“Before we discuss the contract, I want to get to know you girls a little and to understand what you expect to learn from me,” Ralph interjected. “Excuse me for being rude, but it’s important to know whether or not I can help you before we make a contract.”

Nancy nodded.

“I’ve already started by asking about Melissa and Ginny. Since you are the leader of this idea, why don’t I get your situation next? Why do you want to have a class on being a lady?”

“It’s not a class on being a lady,” Nancy smiled up at him. “We are all already ladies, but we don’t seem to be able to get serious guys who want to settle down with us, and we don’t want to be old and gray and lonely.”

“I see. Can you specifically tell me what you have heard your old beaux say about you, that maybe you want help in changing?”

“They never really say anything about me,” she blushed. “They just kind of forget about me after a while and marry someone else. They always compliment my dress style, my creativity and sense of fun, and everything else. I am pretty well liked by all.”

Ralph nodded. She was a typical popular girl that seemed to have everything in the right place, but that was only for the here and now, and for guys that were only interested in a good time at that moment rather than long term thinking men. She was not going to like his classes, he was sure, but she had called him. If she was serious, she would stick through the lessons. Then she would decide whether or not he had taught her anything valuable or not.

“What do you think is wrong with the guys that seemed to like you for a while, but then left?” he decided to ask her just to be clear of his mission.

“I think, well, maybe I’m too showy or popular or something. I want to learn to be someone respectable rather than just someone for a good time,” she blushed. “I think maybe it has to do with being ‘decent.”

Bingo! Ralph thought. So, she did want him to teach her to be more, like a man wanted a girl to be.

“You know, what you may have to learn maybe very difficult and you may not understand it at first. You may even find it rather strange or gross at times. Are you sure you want to do this?” The question was for all of the girls, but at the moment, he as looking right at the ring leader, Nancy.

Nancy nodded. “I’ll do anything.”

“That’s exactly one thing I’m going to change. You cannot respond with saying anything as that may give boys the wrong idea even if you are not the kind of girl to offer herself to just anyone for sex.”

“Oh,” Nancy blushed at his frankness. “I shouldn’t say it like that?”

“I’ll teach you how to talk like a ‘lady,’ but you have to agree to do everything I say no matter how hard or gross you find it.”

“Gross?” the girls asked together feeling a little nervous.

“You’ll understand when the time comes,” Ralph said. “There is no point in worrying about it until we make a contract and you either agree or disagree with the terms.”

Nancy started to feel her second sense telling her that this was going to be a strange class and like nothing she had ever experienced before, but of course, she figured she already knew it was going to be like that, so she let the feeling go. It was just nerves at something new.

Ralph then got the other three girl’s problems out, all basically related to the same problem. They couldn’t get a boy to settle with them because they were not ‘right’ for marriage even if they were fun or interesting to be with.

Later that morning, Ralph found himself in a small office with Nancy sitting on the visitor side of the desk, and letting him have the master side.

“This is your office if you agree to teach us,” she told him. “So, what kind of contract do we need?”

“Well, you already agreed to the money on the phone. That will be in the contract of course, but the main part of the contract, that might cause trouble for you students, is the part of obedience. You have to do anything and everything I say. You understand?”

Nancy nodded. She thought she understood. He was the teacher.

Ralph shook his head though. “You don’t understand. When you are on duty hours, another words, during my scheduled class times, only very extreme emergencies or situations will get you out of class. If you leave my class even one day early or come late, there will be harsh penalties like spankings or other disciplinary actions.”

Nancy looked down for a moment.

“Think about it. You couldn’t get a boy to be long term because something was missing. You probably didn’t give him all your time, mind, and soul on your dates, did you? You always carried your cell phone.”

Nancy couldn’t deny that. She nodded. She knew she needed to learn this then, if that was one of the problems that caused the boys to look elsewhere.

“I will not accept many excuses, so come to class expecting me to say no, no matter what you want to leave class for.”

She nodded.

“We will have mock dates. During those dates, the girls will practice what was taught during class. They will learn to set priorities, and there will be acceptable excuses for being rude on a date, but most of the time, those will not be the case.”

Again, Nancy nodded. She saw nothing wrong with what he said so far.

“Any girl that rejects being corrected three times will be expelled from my classes even you, even though this is your manor.”

Nancy’s mouth dropped, and she thought about it. But after all, he had to have some way to discipline them if this was a discipline problem. “Alright,” she said in a very quiet voice.

“Then every girl will sign the bottom of the contract, and it will be displayed in the teaching room so I can point to it and remind them that they are there by choice. If they decided I’m too strict, they can leave.”

Nancy nodded.

Ralph smiled, and Nancy stood up after signing her name on the first line at the bottom. She took the contract to go talk to the girls, and Ralph just sat there smiling. He had at least Nancy where he wanted her. She had signed the contract. Probably some of the others would also sign it, though he figured at least half of them would want to drop after hearing his rules.

Ralph started to day dream about his class of women looking up to him as he taught and gave advice, their legs shaking under the table, but knowing that they could not ask permission without getting in trouble.

Another twenty minutes later, Nancy and all of the others came back into the office with the paper signed by all six girls.

“We understand what you want of us and we are willing to pay the price,” Nancy told Ralph. “So when can you start teaching us?”

“I can start giving you suggestions from now, but as for class, I need to make sure you have the room set up for everything I need.”

Nancy nodded. “We can have the room set up by the end of the week.”

“Then, I’ll start your regular classes then. Meanwhile, I should start making posters for what is acceptable and not acceptable during class. Do I stay a motel?” Ralph asked her.

“Well, we thought you might want a room here….”

Ralph cut her off. “Are all the girls staying here?” he asked her.

“Well, yeah, they are.”

“And you want them to stay with a man in the house that is not related to them?” he scolded her.

Nancy looked down.

“I will stay at a hotel, and I’ll explain why tomorrow. I am sure you didn’t mean to do something wrong,” he smiled and spoke softly. “But it is just that kind of thing, that makes guys not trust you for keeping a long term marriage.”

Now, all the girls blushed. They had all known they wouldn’t want him in their beds that night, but to be in the same house, they didn’t know that that was a problem.

Ralph gathered up his coat, bade the girls a safe evening, as it was drawing near, and he went to find a motel to stay at.

