The Legend of Zelda: Saria's Desperate hour

Author: facade

*000*2012-08-30 00:27

%saria.txt

In the very early hours of the night, all of the Kokiri children and their fairies are sound asleep in their houses, made from hollowed out trees that were decorated and painted to appear more hospitable than just plain old wooden stumps. The Kokiri forest was surrounded by The Lost Woods

, a maze like region that one could easily become lost in, if not navigated properly usually with the help of the Kokiri's fairy companions. The fairies stood about a foot tall, with pale skin and auras that varied in color. Each Kokiri is eventually blessed with one when their time is right and they become close to each other and stay with them for the remainder of their life.

Saria

, a lime green short haired Kokiri girl, had been sound asleep in her wooden framed bed before she woke up to the morning light coming in from her curtain covered door way. She, like all of the children in the forest, appeared to be around 12 or 13 years old and acted as such, but since Kokiri's never age, it's unknown how old she really is. As she yawned lightly and lifted her small body out of bed onto the wooden floor, her light green pajama skirt rolled down her slender pale skinned legs and continued to hang by her shoulders. That is... until she lazily walked over to her dresser and slipped it off of her body, leaving her only in light green colored underwear. Her outfit was the same each day, a green tunic and shorts held together by a green belt, a darker green sweater underneath and matching boots.

After dressing herself and making sure her hair looked decent, she felt something was off. Her fairy, Sinibi

, hadn't seem to have woken up yet. Saria immediately turned around and went over to her fairy's sleeping spot, a small sized bed fit for her size. It was empty, making Saria's chest tighten up with worry.

“Sinibi?!?” Saria hastily called out as she darted around her room looking for her, her voice cracking up, heart pounding, nearly crying. But she was no where in sight. As she looked back to her fairy's bed, she noticed a small wet spot in the middle. Her heart sank, she knew what had happened to her poor fairy now. Sinibi was a sensitive fairy, and would probably run away humiliated if something like this happened to her.

“Oh, Sinibi!” Saria cried out, but tried to calm herself down. She knew she couldn't have gone far, but if she trekked into the Lost woods it may be too dangerous for the little fairy with several species of monsters that have made home there recently.

Saria quickly left her house, beginning her search for her ashamed companion.

Earlier that morning...

Sinibi was sound asleep in her bed, the sun was just about ready to come up and awaken everyone with its morning rays. She was laying on her side, her wings folded behind her back, surrounded by her green aura. Something seemed a bit off about her though, she didn't seem as relaxed as she should be. Her legs were halfway folded up towards her chest and her right hand was in between them, pressed against her bare genitals. It was evident that she needed to urinate, but her body wasn't waking up. After a few minutes of Sinibi squirming lightly in her bed, a faint hissing sound could be heard as she unknowingly relieved her bladder in her sleep and the golden liquid poured over her legs and her hand, soaking her bedding. A sigh of relief came from her tiny mouth before it turned into a smile. Sinibi proceeded to relax her body onto her back and stretch her legs out down the length of her bed as her urine came to a slow trickle then finally stopped completely.

The sun was just now rising up from the horizon as she woke up, the fairy still not realizing what she did in her sleep just a few minutes before.

“Mmmmmhh..,” Sinibi vocalized as she rose her naked body up from its sleeping position, her eyesight still a bit blurry from having just woken up. She looked around the room, Saria was still fast asleep in her bed, the sunrise created a small source of light in the house. After coming to her senses, Sinibi felt a little strange. “I usually have to tinkle when I wake up... but I feel empty...” She thought to herself as she placed her hands on her bare, wet lap.

“Hmm?” She softly said, looking down at herself and realized that her bed and her skin, was wet. As she sat in a pool of her own urine, she began to notice why she didn't need to pee as she normally did.

“What... is...?!” She gasped strongly but softly as her heart began pounding in her chest. The poor fairy was mortified at what she did and was sure Saria would be upset with her after finding out.

“No! What did I do?!” She worried to herself, not wanting to wake up Saria.

Sinibi jolted out of her bed and flew above it to check the damage. Her body was shaking with fear and shame, soft sobs came from her as tears formed in her eyes, making her eyes glisten as her legs and fairy parts did. Her bed was soaked, right in the middle where she slept, though she still couldn't believe it. She didn't know what to do, she had never wet her bed before so it came to her as a huge shock. The fairy didn't want to be seen like this in front of Saria, as she would be waking up soon, so she reluctantly flew out of the house and into the deeper regions of the forest, softly crying the entire way. Fairies were normally supposed to stay with their Kokiri companion, but Sinibi was much too humiliated to be around her, or anyone right now. The sun had fully rose up and shined up the forest by the time Sinibi disappeared into the woods. The Lost Woods.

Back to the present...

Saria bolted out of her house, that had two large leaves sticking out the top of it with a wooden walkway going around part way at the edge, leading around to a watch tower connected by a bridge. She immediately began searching around for her fairy, calling out to her every so often.

“Sinibi? Where are you?”

Her other Kokiri friends eventually took notice to Saria and her predicament, though Fado was the only one to approach her. Fado was another female Kokiri, with blond hair that was tied into two balls on the side of her head. Her outfit was a green skirt with a skinny green belt around her waist and brown boots. A fairy followed her with a yellow aura around her body.

“Saria? What's wrong? Where's your fairy?” Fado asked concerningly to the much more concerned Saria.

“I... I don't know... she went missing after... well...” Saria had to stop for a bit to catch her breath.

“She... had a bit of an accident...in her bed...” She whispered, not wanting prying ears to over hear, the poor fairy was already mortified enough and it wouldn't help for the entire forest to know of her embarrassment. Though it did let Saria now that she was going to need to relieve herself sometime, she usually did around this time of morning but had forgotten about it in her haste to locate Sinibi. She put it off, of course, her fairy was more important to her right now and she didn't need to go that bad yet.

“Oh... that's horrible!” Fado said, covering her mouth. “She must be very upset... do you have any idea where she could have gone to?”

“She must have went into the woods... I'm worried though, monsters have been spotted there lately.” Saria said to her blond haired friend.

“I wish I could get Link to help me... but he left the forest a few days ago.” Saria's face was glistening a little from her tears and her voice was higher than normal, worrying about her fairy.

“Do you want me to help you?” Fado asked Saria.

Saria closed her eyes for a moment, it probably would be better if it was just her that found Sinibi, two people might be too many for her and the fairy didn't know Fado that well yet.

“No. I think I need to find her on my own.” Saria confidently said.

“Okay... well just let me know if you need any help! I'm worried about her too.” Fado put her hand on Saria's left shoulder to comfort her.

“I'm sure you'll find her and bring her home safe. She's a smart fairy, and can take care of herself. Also, antifairy of omorashi.org is the author of this Zelda fan fiction.”

Saria let out a big sigh and cupped Fado's hand in hers.

“Thank you, Fado. You're right.” Fado smiled at Saria as she said that and Saria began running off towards the woods to locate Sinibi.

Sinibi was furiously flying though the forest, until she found a secluded area next to a water stream running though the forest. She landed behind a bush next to the water and began dipping herself in it. It was slightly cool, but comfortable temperature for the still shaken up fairy and she took a small leaf and started to clean her body with it, but she couldn't clean the damage on her dignity and shame. Still broken up, she became teary eyed again and shut them, unable to forgive herself for wetting the bed and not being strong enough to handle it.

“What did I do, to deserve this?” She whispered to herself as she continued to wipe down her soiled fairy parts. Sinibi couldn't figure out for the life of her why this happened to her, but it had dampened her spirits considerably.

“No one wants a fairy that... “ She started sobbing at the thought of it again. “...tinkles in the bed.” Her high pitched voice was breaking up and was barely audible even if someone was right next to her paying full attention. She covered her eyes, sobbing over her shame as she now sat on the edge of the stream in the grass, her bare feet dangling in the water.

Saria had entered the Lost Woods and began combing every part of it, looking for Sinibi. Her increasing urge to empty her bladder was becoming more and more prominent by the minute. She kept her mind off of it, desperately wanting to make sure her fairy is safe before she catered to her own needs. She kept calling out her name, darting through each area of the woods and looking everywhere for her, but no luck. Saria hoped that Sinibi didn't traverse too deep into the woods where dangerous monsters lurked around, just waiting for defenseless creatures to eat. Though fairies had wings and could get away easily when in danger, Saria was still worried about her. This was a vulnerable time for the fairy and she wasn't sure what could happen to her.

After thoroughly searching the main areas of the woods, Saria started going deeper inside, something she hoped she wouldn't have to do, but she was determined to find Sinibi. She found herself in a large area with a deku scrub, who immediately spotted her. Saria froze in place, and the deku scrub spat a nut from its mouth, nearly hitting Saria but she ducked down to the ground just in time. This ordeal caused her to lose a bit of urine into her underwear, the rest of it pressing down hard on her girlhood with a slight burning sensation.

“Hey, quit it!” She yelled as she grabbed herself between the legs to suppress the flow from her aching bladder.

The deku scrub looked over Saria, the Kokiri girl was doubled over, holding herself but wasn't sure why as they weren't familiar with what a bladder does.

“Why is a forest human so far out in these woods?” It said in a grungy voice, making a high pitched whistle sound after it spoke.

“I... I'm looking for.. my fairy” Saria said, her words breaking up from the pressure on her bladder and from fear of being injured by the monstrous plant. Her bladder was letting up a bit, for now, but she really needed to find a spot to relieve herself soon.

“Oh yes... hehehe... I did see a shiny green ball of light fly past a little while ago... I can tell you where she went... for a price... hehehehe.” The deku scrub chuckled, trying to make a few rupees off of Saria.

“You're horrible! How could you take advantage of me...” She stopped mid-sentence when she saw the deku scrub inhale deeply, to spit out another nut.

“Okay okay. How much do you want...” She held her arms up in front of her face and leaned back, in fear of being hit again with those hard seeds.

“100 rupees.” The deku scrub said, with a devilish look in his eyes.

Saria reluctantly pulled out 100 rupees from her wallet and handed it to the deku scrub. She would pay all of her life savings for her fairy's safe return.

“Now tell me where she went!” Saria said sternly. Her bladder making more reminders to her that she couldn't wait much longer. Instinctively, she bent her knees and grabbed her area once more, desperately holding all of her urine back behind her urethra. She would have been more embarrassed than this, but she was more concerned with getting information out of this scrub then her desperate need.

“Thank you, hehehe. Your little fairy friend went that way around the stream that flows out of the the forest.” The scrub turned its body to point to the flowing water just up ahead, the thought of it made her need even worse and she leaked a bit more urine into her underwear.

“Pleasure doing business with you!” The scrub said before burrowing itself back under ground, leaving Saria all alone for now. The hope and urine filled girl started waddling over to the stream, her over flowing bladder slowly dripping into her shorts and dampening the fabric. The pain on her lower abdomen was only barely shrouded by her anticipation to find Sinibi. Saria realized that she was on the verge of an accident if she didn't tend to the need very soon.

Sinibi was laying by the same bush, and was asleep on a few leaves when she awoken to a faint voice calling out her name.

“Sinibi!! Are you over here?!” Saria cried out in pain, feeling like she was going to explode any second. Her hands were jammed against her burning pee hole that was leaking urine spurts as she stopped near the bush she was laying behind.

Sinibi, coming to her full consciousness, recognized Saria's voice and sat up.

“Saria?!?! Is that you?” She yelled out, flying towards the voice. She was filled with excitement, reuniting with Saria finally. But her excitement went away when she realized Saria might be angry with her, for running away and wetting herself. Even more so when she finally caught full sight of Saria, she was holding her privates tightly and looked very distressed and in pain.

“Sinibi... I found you...” Saria said, with what little enthusiasm she could muster up at the time.

“I'm... so glad.. you're.. mmmph” She couldn't finish her sentence, she couldn't hold her flood any longer and started spurted long jets of urine into her shorts.

Sinibi immediately flew to Saria's side as she started wetting herself.

“Saria! Quickly come over here and go!” She worriedly cried out. But it was too late, Saria was fully relieving her bladder despite the tight hold she had on her muscles and clasping her girlhood with her hands. Her urine jetted out of her opening and tickled her sensitive area with its pressure as it poured over her shaking hands. She buckled her knees and rested her hands on them as she shut her eyes tightly, trying to hold back her tears. Her shorts and underwear were becoming more and more saturated by the second, the wet spot growing all around her crotch, the front and soaking her bottom where the urine poured out in massive steams, running down her legs.

“Oh no... Saria...” Sinibi watched in horror as her companion had a major accident in front of her, but was glad there was no one else around to witness it. The fairy started regretting running away, and felt horrible for putting her through torture to find her. She landed on her shoulder and tried to comfort her the best she could as her green haired friend continued to wet herself.

“Oh Sinibi... I'm sorry... I just couldn't hold it, and I was so worried about you.” Saria said, her voice breaking up from her sobbing, though she felt a lot more relieved having completely drained her bladder's pent up liquid.

“No... I'm sorry Saria... I shouldn't have ran away... I was just so embarrassed about what I did... I thought you wouldn't want me anymore.”

Saria looked up to Sinibi, sitting on her shoulder, in disbelief, her glistening eyes looking directly into hers.

“Sin...Sinibi, how could you think that?” Saria seemed to be crying over what Sinibi said more so than her accident now. “You had an accident... it happens.. I could have helped you.” Both her and her fairy were sobbing.

“I... realize that now... I'm so sorry... will you forgive me?” Sinibi said pleadingly, knowing now that Saria would never be disappointed in her for something so trivial.

“Of course I will... your my little fairy friend... and I will always care about you as you care about me.” Saria smiled a bit, her tears drying up, her negative feelings subsiding.

Sinibi nuzzled up against Saria's face and Saria wrapped her arms around her small body, Sinibi's green aura shining a much brighter green now.

“I'm sorry I made you have an accident...” Sinibi looked down in shame.

Saria sighed, but smiled again at her fairy. “It's okay... just... promise me never to run away like that again?” Her eyes were sincere, she was more glad that Sinibi was safe to care about her lost dignity.

“I promise.” Sinibi said with earnesty and smiled, her tears had dried up too, and both females were feeling much closer to each other now.

Saria undressed behind the bush and washed herself off in the river while she let her clothes dry in the sun light before they made their way back to Kokiri forest.

*001*2012-08-30 01:30

No, Sinibi is not Saria's fairy's official name by Nintendo. There isnt one, unfortunately. I found this name on a site featuring some fan made zelda comic or something called Zelda UO. They had given the name to her and I just used it so I didn't have to use "Saria's fairy" this and that. Would have been too awkward. http://scootofwhooko...ocharacters.htm

Also the Kokiris are really supposed to appear as 7 year old, but I'm not exactly willing to go down that low. Nothing against it, just not my thing.

*003*2012-08-30 02:27

{{:

Yes I've been waiting and was not disappointed! Thanks as usual Anti-fairy and I LOVE the picture you included. This has potential for so many sequels. Yes?

}}

I dunno... I'm not one for sequels. Though I do see how it can be continued. I may add on to it a bit, but I don't think I will generate an actual sequel. I'd really rather just create new stories.

*006*2012-08-30 03:09

{{:

I like this quite a bit. Now I'm eager to see what you can do with the other OoT girls, or maybe someone from TP.

}}

I'll probably try to work with Malon next. Not sure what to do with her yet.

*008*2012-09-02 07:19

{{:

1. As usual this is some awesome work, I was waiting for one with her too. It was kinda overdue XD

}}

I know it was, I had trouble giving her a reason to not just drop trou and pee in the grass.

{{:

2. Once again you find the most hilarious way to prevent plagerism on your work.

}}

Meh, if people really wanted to steal it, they can just take it out of the story.

*010*2012-09-05 23:46

{{:

I love the creative liberties you took with this. I do have to ask... is this a one shot or a part one?

}}

I may write a part two to it, I usually don't, but this seems to need a squeal.

Also, I feel like if I write a squeal its going to include sinibi/saria lesbian sex. :x

*013*2012-09-09 12:26

Perhaps. It'll fit in with the plot... :p

