Summer with Snape - Page 15

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*351*2012-05-02 04:54

Wow, Thanks so much for the reviews last chapter, that was ALOT. I'm so happy you guys like my story, and thanks so much for reviewing. This chapter seems to be a bit short, that can't be helped the next chapter will make up for it. That ominous feeling/ cliffy that worried you guys last chapter, will be here, and it wont be happy. Thats all I can say about that, enjoy this one though.

Chapter 58

Harry trudged tiredly up the stairs to his dorm room. Classes were starting to take a toll on him and he yawned loudly deciding to just take a shower tomorrow morning. He headed for his drawers to grab a pull up and was shocked to find it bare. He shook his head in denial before closing it before opening back up. Harry gnawed on his lip, he had been using them every night since the summer, but Snape had brought 3 packs. He should’ve paid attention that he was running low on them. Harry shook his head as he quietly got dressed noticing the differences immediately.

He had gotten used to this soft padding between his legs when he put them on, but now there was nothing and he was terrified. What if he woke up late and Ron went to wake him and saw his wet sheets? What if the other boys in his dorm found out? Harry didn’t know what to do; the option of staying awake never crossed his mind. He knew already that he was much too tired. He sighed before climbing into bed, hoping and wishing that he would wake up dry.

His wish went unheard as his alarm blasted the next morning and as he reached an arm out to silence it and froze. The uncomfortable cold, sticky feeling let him know that he had wet himself. Having not woken up to it in a while he had forgotten what it felt like. He felt so gross and all he wanted to do was take a shower. He stilled his breathing for a moment as his mates started waking up. He kept still only until he heard Ron calling out his name.

“I’m up Ron thanks,” Harry called back before going back to his dilemma.

The real question was how in the world he was going to get his sheets cleaned without his dorm mates figuring anything out. He sighed in frustration as he heard them head towards the toilet before smiling once.

“Dobby; are you there?” Harry called to the empty space in front of him.

“Harry Potter sir, called Dobby?” The house elf said as it appeared in front of Harry.

“Can you help me with my sheets and clothes? I wet the bed,” Harry whispered ashamed.

“Of course, anything for Harry Potter sir,” Dobby said excited that he was helping Harry.

“Please don’t tell anyone Dobby,” Harry pleaded.

“Dobby wills keep your secrets, you can count on Dobby.” He said before snapping his fingers.

Harry felt the charm on his pajamas and he stood up and grinned at the house elf.

“Thank you Dobby,” he said gratitude evident in his voice.

“It was Dobby’s pleasure, Harry Potter sir,” he said before popping away taking the wet covers with him.

Harry smiled before going to take a shower, resolving to tell Snape as soon as he could. After potions that day he tried to wait back but a few of the Slytherins were still there and he couldn’t talk with them there so he left. He was starting to feel like Snape really didn’t wanna spend time with him.

They had been back at school for almost 2 months and he had yet to even spend a day, let alone a weekend with the man. Harry wasn’t jealous he was just feeling left out and abandoned. He shook his head that feeling was nothing new. The only difference was Snape was usually around to squash it, but since he wasn’t it didn’t go anywhere and it stayed on Harry’s mind and festered.

The next morning Harry sighed his bed the exact same as the day before. He called Dobby and he fixed it up like before. He had given up on telling Snape figuring that he and Dobby could take care of it. He failed to realize that he wasn’t getting enough sleep as he turned his alarm to wake him earlier or the wet sheets woke them up. He was constantly tired, but there wasn’t much he could do.

About 2 weeks later Harry was unenthusiastically walking to DADA with Ron, which was unusual because that was his favorite class. Harry slumped in his chair as Professor Lupin explained what a Boggart was and how it was going to come into play during that class. Harry eyes widen as he realized they showed you your worse fear. Did that mean he would see a dementor then? He didn’t think he wanted to hear his mum screaming and pleading for his life and not hers. That made him feel so guilty, but he shook it away as they stood up and got into a line.

Harry laughed along with the class, when Ron’s fear was this giant spider having remembered Aragog from the year before. He laughed when he turned it into a tap dancing spider. Harry raised an eyebrow when it was Neville’s turn. He couldn’t believe but Neville really was scared of his dad. He laughed when Boggart Snape ended up dressed in old lady clothes. Before he knew it was his turn and he took a deep breath as the jack in the box changed in a dementor. Harry put his wand up ready to say the spell, when the dementor suddenly changed to him waking up with wet sheets. He could see someone hold up the wet sheets for everyone to see and then a whole lot of people laughing at him. He could just imagine the words and taunts thrown his way.

Harry froze unable to believe what he was seeing, as he shook his head in the negative. This couldn’t be happening could it? What seemed like an eternity to him, but was only a few seconds Professor Lupin jumped in front of him and Harry noticed that his fear was the moon. How can you be afraid of the moon? He shrugged as it was turned into a balloon and locked back into the cabinet.

“Class is dismissed, Mr. Potter stay back,” Remus said loudly.

Harry nodded as he walked back to his desk to pack up his things while he waited for everyone to leave. He sighed, not wanting to think on what he saw. He shook his head not noticing much around him until he heard his Professor speak.

“Mr. Weasely, I need to speak to Harry alone.” Remus said pointedly.

“Are you talking about what we just saw?” Ron asked.

“Yes, it’s a personal matter Ron, I’m sure you realize that.” Remus replied gesturing for him to leave.

“About his bedwetting I know,” Ron said quietly.

“How did you know about that?” Harry asked with a horrified expression to match his tone.

“I overheard mum and Bill talking about you and Ginny being alike,” Ron said guiltily.

“How long have you known about it?” Harry asked, strangely calm at the moment.

“The day after you spent the night at my house,” Ron replied softly.

“Why didn’t you say something then?” Harry asked confused at that.

“I figured you would tell me when you were ready. It doesn’t change anything mate,” Ron said.

“Good because I can’t help it,” Harry replied softly before turning to Professor Lupin.

“I know and neither can Ginny,” Ron answered with a shrug.

“Does Severus know?” Remus asked quietly.

“Yes he bought me underwear that helps,” Harry answered honestly.

“Do you think anyone else saw?” Ron asked turning to his Professor, referring to what just happened in class.

“No, it was only really visible from the front which is what you guys were blocking.” Remus replied.

“Does that mean that Hermione might have seen?” Ron asked in horror.

“We don’t know that Ron, but maybe you guys should talk to her about it.” Remus said as he reassured him.

“Great, I don’t want to be teased for this,” Harry said sadly.

“We know cub,” Remus replied.

“Why did your Boggart turn into the moon?” Harry asked after a moment, startling as the bell rang.

Remus sighed in relief before turning around and writing a note for the boys.

“Hurry to class ok,” Remus replied as his students started coming in.

Harry frowned knowing his question went unanswered, but knew there wasn’t much to do as they had to get to class. He hurried out the classroom with Ron and made their way to herbology.

*356*2012-05-03 07:55

This chapter, as well as the next two or so is going to have some Harry angst, . Sorry guys, but at least I gave you a warning this time. Those of you who caught that ominous feeling here it is, not sure if this is the right word but; enjoy. Your gonna get a tons of point of view in the next coming chapters.

Chapter 59

Harry sighed as he trudged through the entrance doors of Hogwarts; his bladder had the worst timing ever. Harry and his friends had decided to spend the day outside since it was such a beautiful Saturday and they were all having a blast when Harry felt his insides nudge him. He didn’t want to have an accident. And as reluctant as he was to speak up the choice was taken from him when Ron pushed him gently in the direction of the school. Apparently his dancing had been more noticeable then he had thought. Why couldn’t they have toilets outside? He smirked and snickered to himself as he imagined the muggle porta potties here at Hogwarts.

Walking in the corridor he noticed that it didn’t seem to be that many students mingling about which wasn’t at all surprising considering it was a Hogsmead weekend. He nodded at the reminder; he still needed to ask Snape if he could sign his permission slip. Harry felt really bad about Ron and Hermione staying back with him. So caught up in his thoughts he didn’t notice that he was being followed until he was suddenly shoved from the back.

“Oww, what the heck?” Harry moaned as he rolled over, knowing immediately that his palms and knees were scraped.

“Can’t catch your footing Potter?” Draco taunted as he high-fived Theodore.

“I would if someone hadn’t pushed me,” Harry retorted back, before wincing. That fall and the stone floor had not been kind to him at all.

“You’re a little lost Potter, where are your other Gryffindorks? Where are Weasel and the Mudblood?” Draco sneered.

Harry didn’t react to that, trying to be the bigger person to speak and secondly because he knew he couldn’t possibly win a fight against the four of them. He backed away from them slowly, fingering his wand in his hand. His bladder nudged him again, letting him know that it was still important and he inwardly cringed.

“Just where do you think you’re going Potter?” Nott asked, before nodding to Crabbe and Goyle to stand behind Harry.

“I’m leaving, I don’t want to deal with this right now,” Harry replied before backing up again, only to bump into something.

Harry turned around in horror as he saw the bigger boys behind him, what the hell was going on?

“You aren’t going anywhere. We wanna talk,” Draco said cruelly, having seen the Gryffindor dancing outside and he was 95% sure he knew what was wrong with the lion.

Harry’s insides were churning with worry, where was Snape? He usually had pretty damn good timing when it came to saving Harry. He sighed softly before going to pull out his wand only to swallow loudly when he saw 2 pointed at him, and felt 2 more in his back. He shifted from foot to foot as standing still and in one place made his bladder rebel like no other. Harry eyes widened in fright before he quickly decided to make a break for it. He turned and quickly ducked under one of Malfoy's goons arm and was nearly home free when he was yanked back by his robes.

"Going somewhere Potter?" Draco taunted.

"I don’t think he is Draco," Theodore said smirking.

Harry squirmed against the hold on him, his bladder having been surprised and was not liking this treatment Harry was giving it. In other words it was protesting loudly. Harry casually crossed his legs tightly.

Draco noticed the new position and grinned evilly at Harry.

"Does potty need to go potty?" He teased cruelly.

Harry shook his head vehemently in the negative wondering why no one was coming to help him. Where the eff was everyone anyway?

Draco saw him looking around and quickly motioned to his friends to walk inside the lavatory closest to them; ironically the one Harry was heading for.

Inside the loo Harry could no longer hide his urge. Being in the close vicinity of the actual toilets Harry's free hand had gravitated towards his crotch.

"Let me go Malfoy this isn’t funny!" Harry yelled angrily.

"I would watch my tone Potter, unless you want to have an accident," Theodore said calmly from beside him.

Harry swallowed hard having forgotten that the other boy was even there. He moaned as his bladder contracted suddenly and he tried a last resort unable to think straight.

"Malfoy please let me go; you've had your fun. Please, please just let me use the toilet," Harry begged shamelessly.

Draco laughed loudly at that, unable to believe that the Gryffindor would stoop that low. He sneered at Harry not noticing Theodore had stopped laughing and his eyes were calculating.

Theodore chewed the inside of his lip. He neither liked nor disliked Potter, and when Draco first came of this plan he had only thought they would make him wait a little bit. He chewed his lip some more, he never signed on to make the lion wet himself. He sighed softly, Blaize was right Draco really held a grudge against the boy.

"Draco, come on man let him go now," Theodore said quietly as Harry's face started to crumple. Tears made him uncomfortable; it made him feel which could get you killed if you were in the right company.

"Why, he’s the golden boy. He had this coming, you know it and I know it." Draco replied before turning back to Harry.

“And he’s suffered enough, so let him go.” Theodore repeated.

“I don’t think he has,” Draco sneered before turning back to Harry.

"Daddy where are you?" Harry whimpered to himself softly though it was heard by everyone.

"Your father's dead Potter; looks like the boy who lived really is going mad." Draco said laughing gleefully.

Harry shook his head wishing that Snape or Remus would come save him. Hell he would even appreciate his head of house right now.

"You gonna pee yourself like a baby Potter?" Draco laughed loudly.

Harry willed his tears to stay where they were; not wanting to give the Slytherins the satisfaction. He didn’t say anything as he stood there with his eyes closed trying to contain his flood. That was why he didn’t see the spell until it was too late. He was holding himself trying to think of a new plan when he heard the words stupefy and he was suddenly frozen on the floor with the Slytherins looking down at him. He was to into his fear to notice that Nott was looking at him with a sad expression.

Harry was terrified he was completely at their mercy he knew and they knew it. As Draco pointed his wand at him, Harry felt his full bladder release itself in fear. He closed his eyes as the boy’s hoots filled the toilet and the warmth cascaded down his legs and onto the floor.

"Guess the golden boy isn’t so tough now huh?" Draco said chortling before giving Harry as disgusted look and kick for good measure on the back.

"Come on guys," he called as he walked out the loo door with Crabbe and Goyle behind him. "Oh if you tell anyone what happened here, I'll tell the whole school that you pissed yourself like a baby and then cried." Draco warned as he left.

Theodore looked at Harry and back at the door for a moment before taking out his wand. He pointed it at Harry and winced when he saw the fearful expression in his eyes.

"I’m not gonna hurt you Potter, but I am gonna help you," he said quickly.

Harry looked at him with disbelieving eyes, surely the boy wasn’t gonna help him? Wasn’t he making fun of him a few moments ago as well?

"Finite," Theo whispered releasing the spell.

"Why?" Harry asked tearfully as he felt himself get free.

"Because Draco shouldn’t have done that; it wasn’t supposed to happen." Theodore said softly before turning back towards the door.

"It’s ok," Harry said softly as his tears started falling.

"That was not ok and don’t you ever think that it was. I gotta go," Theo replied before running out the toilet.

Harry looked down at the puddle he was sitting in and started crying harder. He gingerly stood up gasping on his tears as he looked at himself in the mirror. He looked a mess and he cried harder as he smelled the pee on him.

"Dobby?" He whimpered softly.

"Master Harry Potter called Dobby...Harry Potter sir, what be happening to yous?" Dobby asked in shock.

"Can you help?" Harry asked softly not wanting to talk about it.

Dobby nodded before snapping his finger banishing the mess and Harry's wet clothes. He popped away and back again with almost exact clothes and handed them to Harry.

"Thank you Dobby," Harry replied gratefully through his sobs.

"Harry Potter sir is most welcome," Dobby replied before popping away to see if he could find out what happened. Unknowing to Harry, Dobby does find out what happens and he tells Minerva.

Harry wipes the tears from his eyes splashing water on his face trying to make it look like he wasn’t just bawling his eyes out. He had just reached for a towel when he heard the door open and he froze.

Ron had decided to go see what was taking Harry so long. They had long gone finished their game and now everyone was talking about a scrimmage Quidditch match with at least one person from every house. Ron knew Harry would want to play, only where the heck was his mate. As he headed near the toilets close to the great hall he looked on in confusion as a grinning Malfoy and his two oafs came running past him. He stopped and looked after them in confusion; that was strange. Shaking his head he continued walking and stopped when he saw Nott walk towards him.

"What are you doing Nott?" He asked wand out and ready.

"I’m not doing anything, though you need to check on Potter." Theodore said evenly, refusing to draw his wand though he was uncomfortable with one pointed at him.

"Why? What did you do to Harry?" Ron asked angrily.

"I didn’t do a damn thing," Theodore said remorsefully, remembering how he just basically stood there and let it happen. He swallowed hard before shaking his head.

Ron heard the change of his tone before remembering seeing the grinning blonde.

"What did Malfoy do then?" Ron asked heart landing into his throat.

"Ask Potter," Theodore said feeling uncomfortable before inching away from the redhead and walking away.

"What the hell is wrong with the Slytherins today?" Ron mumbled to himself before shouldering open the toilet door.

"Harry?" He asked as he came in further.

"Lo Ron," Harry said softly.

"What happened?" He asked gently.

Harry shook his head no, wanting no one but Snape. But knowing that was impossible. He hadn’t had alone time with his dad since the start of school and they were already in Novemeber. He sighed Snape was too busy for him now and he blinked back the tears before gazing at Ron.

"Do I have bruise on my back?" He asked avoiding the question all together and lifting up his shirt to reveal the dark bruising he knew was already there.

"Yea you do, what happened?" Ron asked softly, though inside he was horrified at what he saw on Harry’s back.

"I got kicked," Harry replied honestly.

"By who?" Ron asked calmly, though inside he was seething.

"Malfoy," Harry answered fixing his shirt again.

"I'll take care of him," Ron said much too evenly.

"No don’t, it’s ok Ron. I'm fine," Harry said quietly not having forgotten the blondes warning.

"No, you aren’t. Let’s go back to the dorm, where I wanna know all of what happened. Don’t bother trying to lie or we're going to see Snape," Ron said before grabbing Harry and leading him towards their tower. The Quidditch match was long forgotten, as Ron learned exactly what had happened.

Meanwhile while Ron was angrier then had ever been Dobby had found out what happened. And you had never seen a free elf so angry, that’s not even mentioning the kitchen elves. They were beside themselves that someone would hurt ‘Harry Potter sir’ that way. Dobby nodded to himself before popping away to the Gryffindor Head of House, knowing that she could be of help. He grinned, though he had cared for Draco as a kid, the boy who had done that to Harry was no longer the same one he remembered.

To say Minerva was angry was putting it lightly and she could just imagine what Severus would do to them. She shook her head thanking Dobby for telling her before plotting how many detentions she could give the Slytherin before someone became suspicious. She grinned to herself she was the headmistress and she only had to answer to Albus and she knew his eyes wouldn’t be twinkling when he found out Harry had been hurt again. She also knew he was blaming himself for the Durselys; she sat down and sighed, figuring she would tell them both tomorrow but ended up forgetting.

*364*2012-05-09 02:43

Alright first off...I'm gonna reply to everyone's review..just havent found the time and stuff has been happening. Anyways this is kinda late..but its here, and I hope you like it. Oh and yes Sev is gonna totally find out and hes gonna be angry of course.

Chapter 60

A week had gone by since that horrible day in the loo, and Harry was constantly wondering when Malfoy was gonna try it again. Ron had taken on the role of his protector, and though he wouldn’t admit it ever, he was glad. He hadn’t told anyone but Ron what happened, and since he wasn’t getting teased he knew the Slytherins hadn’t told anyone either. Harry was currently trying to put on a ‘happy’ face for Hermione. He had nothing to smile about at the point in time. He hadn’t spoken to his dad in forever, and he often thought this was Snape’s ways of saying that he didn’t want a kid anymore.

Harry was a bit insecure, but he really hadn’t had any time to be with his dad outside of class that is. He was so into his thoughts of feeling unloved and unwanted that he didn’t hear Ron asking him if he wanted to visit the toilet before potions, otherwise he would have said yes. Ever since that first day back he had been extra careful to use the loo before his father’s class; not wanting to be caught short again. Harry’s bladder was nearly full but since he wasn’t paying attention to it, it went unnoticed until halfway through class.

At the halfway point in class where Harry was working intently on his potion wanting to make Snape proud again, he became aware of his need. He didn’t raise his hand or say anything he just squirmed around in his seat, attracting the attention of both Ron and Snape, the latter who groaned inwardly.

Severus had noticed that Harry had been taking his advice to go before his class and he was grateful for that. He sighed, knowing that dance anywhere, though it had been a while since he had seen it. He didn’t say anything hoping Harry could hold it until the end of class. He was releasing the class about 15 minutes early anyways, due to needing to give Lupin his potion. Severus nodded knowing Harry could use the toilet in his office, he walked over towards the Gryffindor side of the room where his lips twitched when he heard Weasely scolding Harry.

“Harry I told you to go before class,” Ron hissed as he shook his head.

“I didn’t know I had to go,” Harry replied, red-faced and moving around in his seat.

“Well I’ll say you do now,” Ron said pointedly, before shaking his head.

“What am I supposed to do?” Harry asked as he reached down to give himself a quick squeeze.

“Just hold on, class is nearly over,” Ron said stretching the truth a bit, as he glanced at the clock.

Harry nodded before turning back to his potion. He grimaced and tried to refrain from looking at his fath—no his Professor. He bit his lip and gave himself another squeeze.

Severus nodded before making his way around the classroom. He made sure to keep an eye on Harry to see how he was holding up and he sighed in relief when it was nearly time to end the class.

“Start packing up, and bottling your potions, I have a meeting I need to attend so class with be getting out 15 minutes early today.” Severus said.

Harry smiled at that before quickly putting everything away. He was sad to know that his dad had a meeting that meant that he couldn’t use his office loo. He would just have to make a break for the toilet and hope like hell that he made it. Harry grabbed their potion and waited in line so he could place it on Snape’s desk. He was shifting his weight from foot to foot not noticing that Malfoy had caught onto his predicament.

As he placed the vial on the desk he froze, before casually leaning on Snape’s desk as he tried to gain control. He wanted so badly to hold himself he could cry, and he turned his anguished face to look at the board. He held in a whimper as he lost a spurt in his pants, the grip on his father’s desk tightening. When he gained a small sense of control he looked up to see his father looking at him with a knowing gaze. Harry took a deep breath not wanting to attract attention before walking awkwardly back to his seat.

Severus found himself glancing up at the clock sighing in relief when he saw it. He had seen Harry nearly lose it in front of the class when he handed in his vial. He had also noticed the fear and desperation in his son’s eyes and he felt for him. He quickly turned towards his class.

“Dismissed,” he said clearly before grabbing his own papers from his desk and making his way out of the classroom. He hoped that Harry would stay back and wait until everyone left before using the toilet in his office. He had spelled it to open only to his magical signature. He hurried to his quarters not wanting to do this in the slightest.

“I’ll meet you in the tower Ron,” Harry yelled as he took off out the classroom before Ron could even say a word. He only had one thing on my mind, and that was making it to the toilet before he wet. As he neared it he could hear footsteps behind him and he turned around with frightened eyes to see that it was Malfoy and his goons, Theodore wasn’t there though.

He quickly ran faster, but his with his bladder protesting loudly it apparently wasn’t fast enough when he felt his arm get grabbed. He yanked it away before making a dash for the toilet there trying to just make it into a stall. He found himself suddenly falling and he rolled before turning around and landing on his feet. He never thought those techniques from ‘Harry Hunting’ days would come in handy but they did now. He bounced on his toes, knowing he wasn’t gonna be able to use the loo. He looked around for anything and almost smiled when he realized he was near a secret passage way that led him almost directly to his dad’s quarters.

“Expelliarmus,” he yelled, amazed when all 3 wands came towards him.

Harry smirked before attempting to catch them, only to toss them down the hall. While they ran to get them he hurried through the passage way coming out on the other side of the dungeons. Harry’s green eyes were bright with tears as he tried to contain the flood of liquid in him. He unconsciously held himself as he hobbled as quickly as he could towards the portrait that guarded their quarters.

“Little one, are you alright?” Salazar hissed in a concern tone from his portrait.

“Pleasssse, let me in,” Harry hissed desperately, as he tried to convince his bladder to hold on just a bit longer.

“Password young speaker,” Salazar prompted gently.

“Um, I don’t, I can’t remember,” Harry replied too focused on keeping it all in, to think at that moment. He closed his eyes trying to frantically remember what the password was, but his mind was coming up blank.

“What’s your mum’s name young speaker?” Salazar tried again.

“Lily,” Harry whimpered as he bent at the waist.

“And what is a Lily?” Salazar quickly asked, trying to hurry the child up having realized the problem.

“A flower,” Harry mumbled restlessly before freezing in place as he lost another spurt.

“Good job,” Salazar said before he opened the entrance.

Harry burst through the door like something was after him, and headed for the bathroom. As he passed the sitting room he suddenly bent over as his bladder contracted painfully.

“No, no, please,” Harry whimpered out loud as he tried to inch his way to the bathroom.

He couldn’t hold on anymore, not when it was hurting like that. He didn’t want to have a weak bladder like in the summer. The only problem was he didn’t want to wet right here, in the middle of their sitting room. His bladder took that choice from him as it started too poured out of him.

“Stop,” he mumbled pitifully trying to shove his hands deeper into his crotch, knowing that was pointless to even try.

His body sagged in relief and he swayed before grabbing a hold of the chair next to him. Harry looked down at the carpet as it absorbed his puddle as did his socks and shoes. He winced at how much he was going. About 2 minutes later he had finally finished and he toed off his shoes and socks not wanting to trek it through the flat. He was unbuckling his belt and was in the process of pulling his trousers off when he heard someone clear their throat. His heart stopped before looking up and seeing Snape on the couch with Professor Lupin across from him before remembering that he had a meeting today. He stared at them in horror for a moment, before frowning and gazing down at his mess. He sighed softly, what were the effing odds right?

“Oh sh…shoot,” Harry said as caught himself in time; his face turning a bright red.

“Harry, why didn’t you use the toilet in my office?” Severus asked ignoring the slip up for the moment as he waited for an answer.

He and Lupin had been surprised when they heard the door open, but he knew that the only one with the password was Harry so he wasn’t worried. That is until he saw him stop suddenly and soak his trousers on the carpet. Severus winced, wondering why Harry didn’t just use the toilet closer to the classroom.

“You always lock your door,” Harry replied embarrassed that his DADA Professor had witnessed him having yet another accident.

“All you have to do is put your hand to the door, and it’ll prompt you for a password; which is the same as it is here. Speaking of which; why didn’t you head for the loo down the hall from the classroom?” Severus asked quietly.

“I did,” Harry replied just as quietly.

“What happened?” Severus asked.

“Nothing, I just couldn’t use that one alright. I’m gonna go shower,” Harry said dismissively not wanting to talk about the incident with Malfoy. He quickly grabbed his wet shoes and walked towards the bathroom.

“Does that happen often?” Remus asked quietly gesturing to Harry’s puddle on the floor.

“Yea, he had one almost every other day in the summer. In between the days he didn’t have them, he almost did.” Severus said remembering the summer days.

“Do you by any chance know how the Durselys were punished?” Remus asked after a pregnant pause.

“I don’t, but I’ve been meaning to ask Albus about it.” Severus replied honestly.

“Something’s bothering him,” Remus mused quietly.

Severus silently agreed, and he wanted to know what it was. He spelled the carpet clean before putting a silencing spell around them as he talked about the batch of potion for this month. He planned on talking to Harry about this incident as soon as he was done with Lupin but do to his current busy schedule he never found the time.

*367*2012-05-10 14:42

{{: 

Oh a cliffy. I've been reading the story for awhile and my days are always better every time there's an update. Thank you for posting your story and I look forward to your updates!

}}

Thanks so much, and I'm glad your loving my story

{{: 

Awww that was adorable! :D This story is so awesome, I'll be sad when its finished! I'll probably come back and read it over and over anyway though lol

}}

{{: 

Have to admit that second to last sentence sounds a bit ominous, like something is coming. Like Lemon said up above, a bit of a cliffy, I wonder what the heck is gonna happen. I dont suppose you'll tell me early Sev right? ;)

}}

{{: 

Awww, a really sweet chapter! Loved it :D

}}

{{: 

Loved these few chapters, they were brilliant! Ahh Harry just gets cuter and cuter and Sev nicer and nicer, apart from class time but i know that's just an act!

}}

{{: 

Finally caught up again! I really love this story, hope you post another update soon:)

}}

Wow I never knew that that chapter would get ALOT of reviews..it blew my mind..kinda intimidated me for a bit..I'm so glad you guys loved it, and I wish it didnt have to end either. Dont worry., I still have no type of idea when this story is gonna end I love it to much at the moment. Anways you guys rock so much for reading it, and Im so glad your guys liked my story. It means a lot :) :)

{{: 

I've been following up on your story for a few days now. I'm caught up, and just had to tell you as soon as I joined: You are an excellent writer! I really enjoyed your story, and don't mind the slightly childish Harry. It just seems to fit so well! I'm looking forward to the new parts, and hope it continues on for a while. I love Harry and Snape's relationship. Keep writing, and keep up the good work. We all enjoy it. :]

But oh! The ominous feeling. I can't wait to read what happens next!

}}

Thats awesome by the way, and thank you SO much for that. Dont worry I have no plans to end SWS anytime soon, Harry and Sev keep coming up with ways to make me write more lol. And I'm glad you enjoyed it..an welcome it the site :)

{{: 

Sev, I'm feeling not at all comforted at that fact, I know something is gonna happen to Harry, but I have no idea what. Anyways good Idea on bringing Ron into finding out Harry's secret he's a really loyal friend, I cant wait for the next update either!

}}

I know, I know...

{{: 

Loved it, like always! I hope Snape and Harry get some time together soon--poor Harry isn't doing too well without him!

}}

Oh Sev is definitly gonna find out...soonish...lol

*369*2012-05-10 15:03

{{: 

You know, with 58 chapters and you still going, I can't help but be amazed. Tell me your secret girl! :) I wish I could keep a story going for that long.

Anyway, it was great once again. But I really wonder where you are going to take this. But that's the point of a story I guess... :)

}}

I know right? I'm just as surprised as you are. All of my other fics are either one-shots, or chapter storys. The longest is a mere 18 chapters, I have no idea and I didnt intend for this story to ever get this long. It had a mind of its own. Really though, just the fact that I could combine my love of omo with two of my favorite characters was awesome. I just love stories like these, and I'm glad that others do too. Its alot easier writing for someone else other then myself. I digress, I do have a vague sense of when this is gonna end...nothing concrete though, At the moment the ideas are still flowing..no pun intended lol..Anyways I hope that you keep loving my story...and since you were one of my first reviewers..I remember you saying something about a Snape scene. i cant do adult Snape but he's gonna have a flashback of sorts..Thats all I can say on it, but know that, that scene will be for you lol. ;)

{{: 

I knew it. Wasn't gonna be good. :( Poor Harry, is Sev gonna find out about this?

}}

{{: 

Thats was really depressing :( But i feel bad for loving it anyway.... Brilliant chapter! Can't wait for the next one! :D

}}

I know what you mean...poor Harry, but it fit into the story. Anways yes Sev is gonna find out..and hes gonna be pissed! :)

{{: 

I loved the nice Slytherin! That was awesome. For some reason I expected Draco to just let him pee or say he's sorry or something sincere, but I'm sure that's just from reading way too many Draco/Harry romance fan fictions! haha, poor Harry, though. Wonder what Draco is going to do next!

}}

Yea I really fought withmyself on that...I love Draco, but he fit to the bully. I did have to have a nice Slytherin though, I couldnt torture Harry that much.

{{: 

I really love your story! You are a great writer, I like your take on this whole story and the nicer snape, a lot of this story actually has more realism than the actually novels in how things would probably be. Good job!

}}

Thank you so much, and I'm glad you rlike the story

{{: 

Aw, poor Harry--I hope Draco will come around or maybe find himself in a similar situation! Congrats on the story--everyone really loves it!

}}

Draco will get his comeupance lol...Defintly...no idea if hes gonna be friend of Harry's or not.

{{: 

Poor Harry...but awesome chapter!! I knew something bad was gonna happen to Harry, an it makes me feel terrible for him, but it also makes me enjoy the story just that much more.

}}

Yea the ominous feeling was totally in the air. I know what you mean, for feeling so bad for him, but you love it...lol

{{: 

Poor Harry...But ooh I am so mad at Draco! >_< Anyone else think Sev should turn him over his knee? Cause honestly that's what the kid should have coming...Rude. Go Theodore though, even if he is a victim of peer pressure, this chapter gave me hope for him! Great stuff, keep it up!

}}

He does deserve a good spanking, but Severus has somethng sneaky in story for Draco. He will defintly get his comeuppance, trust me. A spanking will leave him a bit of pain...what Severus has in store...in total humilation lol. No one messes with his kid...thats all I can say without giving that chapter away lol. I couldnt stand the thought of none of the Slytherins not having a heart..because at 13 your still just a kid an you have feelings..so thats Theo in a nutshell lol..

*371*2012-05-10 15:40

We are getting closer to Snape finding out what happened to Harry, but first other things have to fall into place as you'll see in this chapter. And for those whose wondering if Draco is gonna be punished..I promise you he will...and its a bit cruel...but nothing less then what he deserves lol. The next chapter is when the adults start finding out..and that will be in about 2 days or so...enjoy

Chapter 61

Harry was currently running towards the loo. That was the last time he held it before accompanying Hermione to the library. She acted like it was an insult to get up and leave. He shook his head, trying to refrain from holding himself as he ran. He was just turning the corner when he ran into Malfoy; quite literally. He hit the stone floor hard and grabbed himself out of reflex, not wanting to wet his pants. He rolled over and stood up, walked over to the blonde on the ground.

"Sorry Malfoy, you ok?" He asked automatically as he shifted weight from one foot to the other. Since he was in the wrong he knew when to accept responsibility.

"Of course I am Potter, and you did that on purpose." Draco said angrily as he stood up wand drawn.

"It was an accident," Harry replied swallowing a lump in his throat. Like I'm about to have right now, he thought silently to himself as his bladder pulsed.

Harry drew his wand automatically and quickly jumped out the way as Malfoy threw a curse. He threw his own back trying to defend himself not in the mood for this at all. One thing he was happy for; at least the blonde was by himself. Harry pushed the last time he had a run in with the Slytherin out of his mind as they dueled. Now was not the time to get choked up.

"Serpensortia," the blonde yelled out.

Harry stood there for a moment in shock as a snake popped out. He raised his eyebrow unaware that he was doing it, in a gesture so like Snape. He had to wonder though; was the blonde really that stupid or something. As the snake came towards him Harry reacted instantly.

"Ssssstop," he hissed out.

"You really are an idiot Malfoy," Harry said before asking the snake if he could turn around and scare the other boy. He smiled as the Slytherin's eyes got wide as he remembered that Harry could talk to snakes. The duel was progressing in his favor at this point, and it felt great being on the other end of the taunting. Did Malfoy enjoy a taste of his own medicine?

Harry laughed when the blonde stood frozen stiff against the wall as the snake that he had summoned turned on him. He wasn’t gonna let the snake hurt Malfoy but he did deserved to be scared silly. He allowed the animal to toy with the boy, both having a laugh in the snake language. He was just about to let the blonde go when he heard a silk voice behind him and his insides froze.

"Just what do you think you are doing Mr. Potter?" Severus asked in a low dangerous voice.

"N-n-nothing sir," Harry said heart jumping to his chest, as his stomach flipped.

Harry refused to look up, what were the odds Snape came to Malfoy’s rescue but not his? He took a deep breath willing his self to calm down.

"Doesn’t look like nothing to me. It looks like a duel doesn’t it?" Severus asked in what could be a curious tone, but they all knew it wasn’t.

"Malfoy started it, and he set this on me." Harry blurted out before calling the snake to him. It crawled up his arm and he held in a grin when he saw the other boy shiver. What kind of Slytherin was afraid of a snake?

Severus looked at both boys in annoyance; both of them were acting like idiots. Draco for setting a snake on a parseltongue again; didn’t he learn the first time around? And Harry for not just ignoring the situation like he should have.

"Mr. Malfoy you and I will be talking later. Return to your dorm at once, and don’t you think I won’t notice if don’t." Severus said darkly.

Draco nodded eyes wide as he scurried towards the Slytherin dorms. He could feel the dark burning gaze in the back of his head, and he hurried a bit faster. He was frightened with what his head of house would do to him and with good reason. He knew from his father that Snape also had the dark mark, and he knew what that meant; death eater.

Severus banished the snake and waited until Draco had long since turned the corner before turning to Harry.

"Just what were you thinking?" Severus hissed angrily.

"Dad he attacked first, I was just...oww, oww, oww." Harry moaned as his ear was suddenly grabbed quite tightly.

"Silence Mr. Potter," Severus said thanking Merlin no one else had been around. He hauled Harry to his office quickly, his grip on his ear never lessening.

Harry frowned as he was led to his father's office by his ear. He had yet to get a real detention with the man this year and he had no idea how he was going to punish him. As they passed a toilet he was reminded almost painfully of what he had planned to do before he was stopped by the Slytherin. He wasn’t worried though, since he knew he could use the loo in his father's office. As they arrived at the office he scurried to get a seat as his father threw complex charms at the door.

"Sit down Mr. Potter," Severus said, making sure his privacy and silencing spells were perfect.

"I am sir," Harry said softly as he rubbed his sore ear.

"Good, do you know why I brought you here today?" Severus said calmly, though inside he was raging mad.

"To...to talk to me about what happened out there with Malfoy," Harry said with a squirm.

"Quite right, what were you thinking?" Severus said enunciating each word.

"I was defending myself," Harry replied defensively, and I was getting him back for what he did to me, he thought.

"Were you? It looked to me like you were taunting him with a snake." Severus replied.

"He summoned it," Harry said back.

"Malfoy clearly didn’t use his head, and neither did you. Did you ever stop to think if someone else had caught you what they would think?" Severus said.

"What do you mean?" Harry asked in confusion as he bounced his legs. His gaze went to the hidden door to the left before looking at his father.

"The Dark Lord has been known to torture and taunt people with snakes." Severus said his mind going back to how Harry taunting Draco was similar to what Voldemort did to those who he felt deserved it.

"I wasn’t torturing him though," Harry said quickly before standing up. Staring at the door and knowing there was a toilet behind it, was making him have to go worse.

"Sit down Harry, we aren’t through." Severus said, trying to control his anger.

"I will when I'm done," Harry said simply. Though he meant when he was done with the loo, but Snape took it another way having not paid attention to Harry's squirming.

"No; you will when I say so; which is now. Sit down Mr. Potter," Severus said gritting his teeth at what he thought was an attitude.

"Dad, in a minute I promise," Harry said before attempting to walk around his father to the loo.

"Harry James Potter; you will sit down NOW!" Severus said firmly before he grabbed Harry and plopped him down in the seat himself. He threw a sticking charm at him for good measure before going to take a seat behind his desk.

Harry was shocked to say the least, why wasn’t he allowed to go?

"Dad, what did you do? I'm stuck," Harry said trying to wiggle out of the chair and couldn’t.

"Cast a sticking charm since you can't be bothered to listen to me." Severus said sternly.

"I was listening though," Harry said as he crossed his legs in desperation.

"I seem to recall you standing up and trying to walk away from our discussion." Severus said in a no-nonsense voice.

"Dad I was trying to…," Harry tried to explain but was cut off.

"No excuses Harry, and no backtalk. You will sit there in silence. I want you to think about what you've done." Severus said before turning to his grading.

"How long do I have to sit here for?" Harry asked; face burning in shame and desperation.

"Until you've learned your lesson," Severus said as he graded his papers.

"But dad I really gotta…," Harry tried again.

"Silence Harry," Severus interrupted, not even looking up.

Harry bit his lip as his forehead marred with worry lines. He struggled against the charm to no avail. He whimpered to himself silently as he realized something. He couldn’t hold it anymore and he looked up at his father but didn’t say anything, not wanting to get into more trouble. Harry sat rimrod straight in his seat as he lost control of his bladder. It pooled under his bum and his trousers got warm and wet. His eyes filled with tears as he heard the splattering sound of it hitting the stone floor.

Severus looked up in alarm when he heard the sound of water hitting the floor only to find a growing puddle around his son; who looked like he was trying not to cry and failing. He immediately canceled the spell, but by then knew it was obviously too late. He stood up and waited for him to finish.

Harry's bottom lip was protruding out as he struggled to hold in the tears. Why the hell did everyone feel the need to spell him to one spot and it always ending up with him wetting himself? The second he felt the charm release he knew that Snape had seen and he couldn’t hold back the sobs any longer. He jumped out the chair and not really caring what he was gonna do as he took off for the door.

"Harry child, it was an accident. Where are you going?" Severus asked having caught him by the waist easily.

"I'm sorry daddy, I tried really hard to hold it, but I couldn’t anymore." Harry said through his sobs.

"How long have you been holding it for child?" Severus asked a bit of dread in his stomach.

"Since before I dueled with Malfoy. He stopped me from going first and then you did."

Harry explained as his crying returned full force. He was so fed up with everything; he was tired of looking over his shoulder and cringing when he saw the blonde boy. He was gonna go crazy he knew it, and the weight of it all was coming out at this very point. Harry was so emotional but all of his hurt was coming out, having been bottled up for too long.

He hadn’t told anyone but Ron about what Malfoy had did to him and he was constantly afraid that the Slytherin would try it again or tell the whole school about him. He cried loudly burying his face into his arm he choked on a sob suddenly and coughed for a bit feeling like he was really dying when he felt a hand on his back. Harry was unaware that the events of that day were unfolding as boys he never thought would, were coming forth. At the moment it didn’t even matter if he did know, he could care less about anything at this point.

Severus sighed, he had been angry when he found Harry, and dare he say it; scared. He was scared about how creepily similar that scene was to the Dark Lord’s. He hadn’t thought much about the squirming and moving about since most children did that in his presence anyways. Only difference they were scared and nervous of their punishment and he knew Harry only wiggled when he needed the loo.

"I'm sorry I prevented you from going child," Severus said as he cleaned up the puddle and Harry.

"I wasn’t trying to back talk," Harry said voice still thick with tears.

"I know that now child," Severus said softly, ignoring the feeling of shame in his gut.

"Can I spend the night with you?" Harry asked as from his current position where his face was hidden in his father's robe.

Severus sighed as his hand came to rest on Harry's head. It was Friday and Harry didn’t have school due to it being the weekend.

"Yes you can, though you have to eat dinner with your house," Severus said firmly.

"Why can’t I eat with you?" Harry cried.

"You know why Harry," Severus said softly.

"It’s not fair; I haven’t got to spend any time with you since we got back." Harry nearly yelled.

"I know child but we each have our duties," Severus started.

"I don’t care, I hate this. I wanna eat with just us. I hate this," Harry said as his sobs returned.

Severus frowned, something wasn’t right here. This couldn’t just be from Harry's accident, could it? The sound of the child's tears seemed to be getting stronger it seemed to Harry. This he knew was a breakdown.

"Harry child, calm down before you make yourself sick," Severus said as he bent down and picked him up and rocked him.

"Can't," Harry gasped out, all his grief at his situation making it feel like it was suffocating him.

Severus accioed a calming draught and was just about to administer it when he heard the sound of his last class entering. He shook his head feeling torn for a moment, but he knew who was more important.

"Take this for me child," he said softly as he put the vial to Harry's lips.

Harry struggled to swallow it and was rewarded a few seconds later when the panic and hard to breath feeling vanished. His head was feeling a bit fuzzy but he was too lethargic to wonder why.

"Daddy m'tired," he forced out, feeling more drained than he had ever felt.

"You shouldn’t be child. Have you been sleeping well Harry?" Severus asked quietly.

"No, ran out of underwear," Harry replied wearily.

"Why didn’t you tell me?" Severus asked quietly.

"I tried, but you were always busy," Harry whispered exhaustedly before giving in to sleep.

Severus felt the change instantly and he had the immediate sensation of guilt on his chest. He hadn’t realized that he hadn’t been paying attention to Harry. With his duties as a Head of House, potions master and teacher, Harry had merely shifted to the back. It wasn’t intentional. He had just been busy, and he didn’t think that Harry needed him that much if he was being honest. Looking down at the sleeping child in his arms he knew that it was clearly not the case.

"I am so sorry child," Severus murmured flooing Albus.

"What can I do for you m'boy?" He asked eyes twinkling when he saw Harry on his shoulder.

"Harry as you can see is exhausted. I just found out that he hasn’t been sleeping well, if at all."Severus explained.

After letting him know what happened he was surprised to see the Headmaster step out his floo. He had been expecting to floo to his office not the other way around.

"I do believe it sounds like young Harry needs a break." Albus said softly.

"We have a ways until Christmas break Albus," Severus said not getting the point in this.

"So we do; no matter your child is more important." Albus said cryptically.

"What are you getting at Albus?" Severus asked confused.

"I will take over your last class, and Sinistra will watch over your Slytherins this weekend with my help of course." Albus said.

"No Albus, it’s the middle of the year. Harry has to learn that he can’t get everything he wants." Severus said stubbornly.

"Harry doesn’t want anything Severus. Harry needs love, or have you forgotten that?" Albus said pointedly.

Severus said nothing, he had forgotten it. He admitted that to himself but no one else. He frowned but didn’t answer Albus.

"I would suggest you figure out what you wanna do with him, and floo there." Albus said as he started towards the classroom door.

"Won’t anyone wonder about our disappearances?" Severus asked.

"Harry will be sick in the infirmary, and no one will ask about you since you tend to hide in the dungeons. Besides the staff all know about guardianship." Albus said.

"Very well, we will see you on Monday," Severus said before flooing to his quarters within the castle.

As he was packing what he needed he sighed as he looked at the sleeping boy on the couch. Though this was the cause of an emotional breakdown, Severus wouldn’t allow Harry to get away with the duel with Malfoy. He had to learn, though he was proud of Harry for putting that little brat in his place. That was speaking as a parent, but as a teacher he knew there were rules to follow. He would tell Harry on Monday when they returned, no sense in ruining the weekend. He shrunk his bag and picked up Harry and flooed to the manor.

*373*2012-05-10 15:58

{{: 

I have exactly the same. Basically all my stories are one-shots. I wrote several Harry Potter ones, but sadly enough I lost them all due to a cpmputer crash. On this forum I tried to write a longer one (female though), but after 5 chapters already I didn't know where to take it anymore. But I think it's because you love these characters and you love omorashi that keeps you going so long. I share this love for Severus and I will probably try an omorashi story about him... But I will first write it completely before I post it; otherwise people would have to wait too long, lol.

It would be great if you would add a flashback scene about Snape! I am into everything that has to do with Snape and wet pants. Doesn't matter if he's a kid or an adult already, though I like the idea of vulnerable Snape being an adult and needing the loo really bad, in presence of Lupin for example. But that's basically because his character is so evil (well, not really, but you know what I mean) and I like to see this weakness. Especially when it's in front of somebody else.

Anyway, as for the chapters I haven't commented on yet: I loved them of course! I am curious about how Snape is going to find out what Draco and his friends did to Harry. Also I wonder if this nice Slytherin boy will get a role in it again. Please do continue soon!

}}

Yea I know how that feels, stupid hardrives lol. Aww ok I understand that. You should do a Sev one, I would totally read it. lol...I tend to write about 3 chapters at a time when I'm only trying to write one, and then I dont have to spend so much time away from my homework...cant wait for summer.. Since you love Sev, ths chapters may come easier then what you think, I dont know that could just be me lol..

I have to agree.. Remus and Severus in the right setting their omo would be hot. Because like you said Sev is like that guy with a pole up his butt but totally lovable and its nice to bring him down a notch to show that hes still human..and Remus is so caring and accepting of others...man..i need me another good omo story with them too..the only good one I've found was Favors and the part two to it. I would write one...but I have NO type of idea of how ro go about that lol.

And as for Snape finding out what happened to Harry..purely accidental...after all you cant control your nightmares. amd lets leave it at that lol. Theodore is defintly coming back...hes like another protector of Harry, only problem is said lion doesnt know that yet lol. Thanks so much for reading this story like always and I just updated not 10 minutes ago lol

