Gemma`s wet weekend - Page 4

Author: Barry

*079*2017-01-23 04:40

Chapter 29:

"Beer or wine?" Gemma had heard him coming, and was bent over, head in the refrigerator, examining their options, and giving Dave the chance to examine her backside, with her dress now creeping up dangerously high, and clinging tightly to her pert buttocks and slim hips.

"Beer please," he responded as he took in the view. "It, uh, sounds like the girls are, uh, having fun in there."

Gemma straightened up, passing him a beer and letting her dress fall back down, much to his disappointment. "Nothing unusual there. They always seem to have fun when it comes to changing themselves after we've been out."

There it was, straight away. Dave had wanted desperately to somehow bring the subject of wetting and diapers up, but didn't have any idea how he was going to do it, but Gemma had done it for him.

For her part, knowing about Daves secret fantasy, Gemma was feeling naughty, and wanted to talk to him about it, just to see how he would react. She saw his neck blush just a bit as she passed him his beer, and noticed how he'd immediately dropped his eyes, as if the sight of the tiled floor was suddenly fascinating. She suppressed a smile as she poured herself a glass of wine. She decided to stick to the topic as she took his hand and lead him into the lounge room.

"It makes me laugh that a simple diaper change can take so long sometimes," she added, sitting back on the couch and tucking her stockinged feet underneath her, while trying to keep her short dress in a position of at least some modesty.

"I can imagine." Dave mumbled earnestly. "What's it like, you know, living with someone who's got, well, you know, a bit of a weird kink?" He could feel the blush rising high on his cheeks as he spoke, and he immediately wished he hadn't said that, but it was too late now.

Gemma was smiling at his uncomfortableness, noticing how red he was. It was fun having inside knowledge of what made a person tick.

"It doesn't really bother me David. The whole diaper bit I mean. I've grown up with Crissy, and she's always had bed wetting issues, more so when we were kids, but also if she drinks too much. Like tonight. She'll definitely need one on later. I needed them myself when I was little, so it's nothing that I haven't seen Crissy doing like a thousand times. When we were kids, we'd have sleepovers all the time, and were always wearing nappies around each other. I think that's one of the reasons we're so close. We shared a lot of embarrassing stuff back in the day."

Dave was intrigued. "Wow. So you guys used to wear diapers together when you were kids? I would've thought that would be super awkward?"

Gemmas mind was racing. She desperately wanted to excite Dave, but didn't want to freak him out either. Also in the back of her mind she wanted to know if his diaper fetish was a mature thing, as it was for Toni and Crystal, (and admittedly herself) or perhaps, God forbid, an unnatural attraction for children. She decided that perhaps sharing more of her past than she ever had before might let her judge his motives a bit better.

She took a deep breath, finding it hard to believe that she was going to be having this discussion with a hot guy on their first date. She knew that it was probably a combination of the alcohol and knowing his secret that was leading her to it, and that there was a chance that she would regret it later, but she dismissed the thought, and ploughed on regardless, struggling to keep her voice sounding nonchalant, as if it was no big deal.

"Oh yeah! We wore around each other all the time. Crystal was more of a regular bed wetter than I was, but my mother had rather looser ideas than most on letting me wear them. As a matter of fact, I probably stopped needing to wear them when I was about 5, but I kinda liked them I guess. My mum used to let me wear them if I wanted too. She home schooled me for years, and I'd often put a nappy on after school was finished. I even wore cloth ones for years. Mum and my grandma both have incontinence issues, so wetting my pants sometimes just wasn't considered a big deal. Mum even used to let me! Let me tell you what it was like......"

For the first time in her life, Gemma found herself telling somebody other than Crystal about her childhood wetting experiences. She spoke of having the freedom to tinkle in her pants while playing outside, and told him in detail about how she was allowed the freedom to wear a diaper or pull up whenever she wanted to. It felt weird, but also liberating at the same time. She knew that the freedom she had experienced as a child would be frowned upon by a lot of parenting experts, but she had enjoyed it. Having her mother diaper her for so long had definitely helped them to bond, and she didn't regret a single minute of it, but putting herself out there for the potential judgement of others was still troubling.

"So you see," she concluded, "diapers haven't ever been a really big deal for me. They were an absolute Godsend for Crissy and me when we needed them, and I guess I always just liked wearing them anyway."

Even though the night was cool, Dave felt himself sweating. He knew he really shouldn't ask, but he had too. After all, the chances for a diaper lover to discuss their favourite taboo topic were very rare.

"So, uh, what about these days? Do you ever wear them now? I'm sorry, you don't have to answer that of course, but like you just told me, you're starting to get occasional leaky accidents like your mum and nan, especially if you're drinking. Does that mean you'd ever think about wearing them these days?"

It was probably the hardest question Dave had ever asked anyone, and he was talking faster and faster by the time he'd finished. He felt like he could fry an egg on his forehead, and his hand trembled slightly when he picked his beer up.

Gemma was outwardly more cool, but she was just as nervous as he was. It was apparent to her that Dave really had no inappropriate interest in children, but just in the whole diaper wearing thing in general. For the first time ever, Gemma found herself thinking that the naughty feelings she sometimes had when wearing and using a diaper by herself, could actually be a whole lot more fun if she dared to do it with a like minded partner. She had often been a bit envious of Toni and Crystal, and how they enjoyed wearing, wetting and changing each other, but she had never considered the possibility that it could ever be something that she herself would experience. She knew that she missed the strong bond she had shared with her mother when she was diapered or changed, but had figured that there was nothing she could do about it.

But now, she felt a fresh warm slipperiness between her legs at the thought of Dave helping her into a nappy, and also her helping him into one as well. She wiggled a bit at the thought. The more she thought about it, the more she was coming to the realisation that it was something that she really wanted to try. This all ran through her head in a millisecond, and she replied to Daves question with hardly a pause.

"I do wear them sometimes, especially if I've been drinking. Mostly just to bed though. I'll definitely be putting one on tonight, that's for sure!"

She would've thought it was impossible for Dave to blush any deeper, but he managed it. Not knowing what to say or do, he picked up his beer and took a big drink, but almost choked on it. A wave of panic washed over Gemma, and she was suddenly convinced she had said too much. She hastily stammered an explanation.

"Oh Dave! I'm sorry! That was Too Much Information. Oh God! I'm so sorry, I must be drunk."

She couldn't get the words out fast enough, and cringing at the thought of what she had just blurted out, she felt tears stinging at the corners of her eyes. But it was too late now. What had been said couldn't easily be unsaid, and she felt the shame washing over her as she realised that she had just admitted that she would be wearing a diaper later, and would probably need it because she would wet her bed.

Even though she knew that Dave had a diaper fetish, she suddenly realised that it may not extend towards a girl who actually needed to wear one because she couldn't control her bladder. There was after all a big difference between wearing for fun, and wearing for necessity.

"Nice one idiot!" She mentally berated herself and put her face in her hands. "Way to fuck up a good thing."

*081*2017-01-24 22:14

{{On 23/01/2017 at 3:00 PM, Bellatrixfan said:

Another excellent chapter keep up the amazing work =)

}}

Thanks Bella. You may be the only one left reading this now, lol. But it's nearly finished, and I'm going to complete it very shortly. Gone too far to stop now with the infamous weekend looming large!

Stay tuned!

*088*2017-01-27 00:50

Chapter 30:

It was a lot for Dave to take in. He would've paid particularly close attention to Gemma under any circumstances, as she really was gorgeous, but not only that, she seemed really nice and genuine as well. She certainly wasn't as stuck up or completely fixated on herself as a lot of pretty girls can tend to be, and she was smart as well. If anything, she appeared to lack a bit of self confidence, and it was cute and endearing.

But when you added his biggest secret desire into the mix, the combination ended up being his hottest fantasy. A beautiful, slightly vulnerable, smart, nice, diaper wearing girl. What more could a guy want? He desperately wanted to get to know her better, and wanted to tell her about his own peculiar kinks, but it wasn't the type of thing you discussed on a first date.

He prayed that there might be some future dates down the track where he might be able to bring it up. But for now, he could at least reassure her that her confession hadn't bothered him in the slightest. She actually looked a bit upset with herself.

He forced a chuckle. "I think we're both a bit drunk Gem. Don't worry about it! There's nothing wrong with wearing one if you need too. It's just common sense. As a matter of fact, I think it's kinda cute if anything..."

There. He'd said it. In the end it had been easier to say than what he'd expected. It hadn't even accidentally slipped out. He had made a lightning decision to say something positive to her about diapers. It might provide a segway into a more in depth discussion at a later date. His dick was as hard as it had ever been, and he was sitting with his legs crossed, his left leg sitting casually across his right knee, hoping she couldn't see the bulge in his jeans, and that he wouldn't cum in his pants.

Gemma looked up and gave a watery smile. "Cute huh? Well, I suppose they could be...."

The banging sound of a door being opened too quickly made them jump. Drunken giggling and the word "Oops" was heard, and they were joined by Toni and Crystal. The flat had a 2 seater and a 3 seater couch in an L shape with a coffee table in the middle, and Gemma and Dave had secured the 3 seater, where they could sit comfortably beside one another but with some space between them, and the 2 girls sat opposite them on the 2 seater, not even requiring that much space. Crystal draped her legs over Toni's, and they snuggled together.

Tonis nightie was short, and you could see her big thick pull up underneath it, and Crystals Goodnite was poking out over the top of her pink satin shortie pyjamas. Neither girl seemed to either notice or care that their padding was visibly on display.

Of course it was all a deliberate ploy to flash their nappies about in front of Dave, just to gauge his reaction, and Crystal even winked at Gemma while he wasn't looking. Gemma felt like she probably should be a bit cross with them, but it was so outrageously amusing that she had to smile. Dave cleared his throat and re-crossed his legs, and Gemma wondered what all this diaper talk and exhibition was doing to him, poor bastard.

Toni had brought her little tin of weed in with her, and she busied herself by rolling a joint. Five minutes later, everyone was nursing a drink, and their was a slight haze of sweet, pungent pot smoke hanging in the air. Even Dave had a smoke, explaining that he'd wrapped up his last job on the big building site, and wouldn't have the potential hazard of a random drug test hanging over his head again for a few weeks.

"So what're you going to do?" Toni asked. "Surely you must have some work lined up?"

"Oh yeah, heaps actually," he replied. "I've been putting off lots of small jobs lately. There's a lot of stuff I can get done by myself now, and won't need a crew. A few of them will be cashie ones as well, and that'll be good."

He took a drink, and an idea came to him.

"Hey, I've just had a thought. I'm heading down to the old mans block next weekend. He's got a small slab he needs laid. It won't take long, cause I've already done the prep and the form work. I was going to head down Friday night and come back Sunday afternoon. You guys should come! Tonis been there a few times. It's really cool. Tell 'em Tone!"

Toni passed the joint to Crystal, and her eyes lit up with excitement.

"We should totally do that! Awesome idea D-man!" She switched her attention to the other girls and explained further.

"Daves dad has a really cool block of bushland down south. It's got lots of trees, a small river, and a dam. He's going to eventually build his retirement home on it. At the moment, it's got 2 caravans and a shed. Dave and I take the dirt bikes down there a lot. We can fish and swim, have a campfire, get on the piss, it'll be awesome! You thinking of taking the bikes?"

"Not this time," he replied. "The KTM is in pieces still, and besides, I'll be towing the work trailer with the mixer and genny on it, so I couldn't take it anyway. Plus I've gotta pour the slab. But that'll only take up part of Saturday, and we can still have a barbecue and a swim! Whaddya say? Interested?"

The 3 girls all nodded and spoke excitedly. It certainly sounded like fun, getting out of the city and staying in a caravan. But Gemma alone had some reservations that she didn't want to voice. Like where would she sleep? She assumed that Toni and Crystal would take 1 van, and she could probably crash there as well, but they could certainly get rather "uninhibited" when they were drinking, and staying in the close confines of a caravan with them might prove to be a bit uncomfortable. She could no doubt stay in Daves van. Just because she stayed in there didn't mean she'd have to sleep with him or anything, but she'd only known him for 8 hours or so.

But it did sound like fun.

They chatted away for awhile longer, before Crystal dozed off with her head on Tonis shoulder.

"I better get her to bed I think," Toni said, gazing lovingly at her partner. She gently nudged her, forcing her to groggily open her eyes and sit up.

"Hey Crissy. Wake up babe. You need to go to the toilet. You've only got a little pull up on remember? Come on, before you wet yourself. Are you still dry?"

Crystal was fairly drunk and stoned now, and more asleep than awake. She reached into her crotch and tugged at her Goodnite through her pink shorts.

"Yeah," she mumbled, "Think Im dry. Need to pee though..."

That was all the warning that Toni needed. She got up and helped Crystal to her unsteady feet, and started leading her towards the hallway. Crystal left her hand between her legs and held Tonis hand with her other one.

"Come on baby. Hurry up before you wet yourself!"

"Might be too late," Crystal mumbled, but allowed herself to be led away.

Dave and Gemma grinned at each other.

"She's always like that if she smokes pot after she's been drinking," Gemma explained. "That's why she needs a diaper."

Now nicely stoned, Dave felt bolder.

"And what about you Gem? Do you ever get like that when you've been smoking?"

Gemma had to grin. The pot had definitely lowered her inhibitions.

"Sometimes. It's why I'll be wearing a nappy to bed. I'll sleep like a log tonight, and there's no guarantee I'll wake up if I needed to."

She looked at Dave through heavy lids over the top of her glass. She knew she wasn't thinking clearly, but that didn't seem to matter that much anymore. It had been a long time since she'd shared her bed with anyone, and watching her friends always made her feel lonely. She decided to be bold.

"Dave, can I ask you a question please?"

"You just did," he replied with a grin, then saw the momentary confusion on her face before his little joke was understood. "Sorry, go on. Of course you can."

"Did you mean what you said earlier? When you said it was okay for me to wear a diaper if I needed to? You even said it would be cute. What do you really think? Would me wearing a diaper to bed like disgust you or anything? Do you think I'm a freak?"

He didn't even need to think about his reply. He'd wanted to elaborate on his earlier comments already, having thought of approximately 100 ways he could have better said it before.

"Gemma, of course I don't think you're a freak! Why would I? You've got some minor incontinence issues when you drink, that's all. You've gotta remember, I've been best mates with Toni for years, so I'm kinda used to that sort of thing anyway. It's not like I've never seen a girl in a diaper before, thanks to Toni. So no, you're not a freak, and yes, I meant what I said. I think you'd look damn cute in a diaper!"

"Thanks Dave. I guess I needed to hear that. It's not an easy thing to admit to, you know?"

"Believe me, it's not easy to admit to you that I think you'd look cute in a diaper either, you know? You must think I'm a bit weird for saying that I guess."

"I don't think you're weird Dave, I actually think you're very sweet, and thank you for saying that. It's hard to feel cute or sexy in a diaper."

"Gemma, you're cute and sexy without a diaper, and wearing one wouldn't change that fact in the slightest. Even if that is a weird thing to say, it's still true!"

Gemma was smiling broadly at him. She was obviously drunk and wasted, but still had her wits about her. Her next statement surprised him though.

"Dave, I've gotta go to bed. I told you before you can sleep on the couch. I'll fetch you a pillow and a blanket if you like.

"Or, you could sleep with me. I'm not going to have sex with you, at least not yet anyway, but I have a big comfortable bed, and you're more than welcome to join me. But I'll be wearing a diaper, and I'll probably wet myself in my sleep tonight, so be warned. If that doesn't freak you out, I'd love a cuddle.

"I like you David. If you're not put off by my incontinence issues, I'd like to see you again, that's if you'd like that of course. And we can certainly have more chances to like actually "sleep together " properly down the track. But I won't do anything on a first date while I'm shitfaced. But if you wanted to join me?"

Daves heart started racing. More than anything in the world, he wanted to sleep in the same bed with this coffee skinned beauty, especially if she was going to be wearing a diaper. Even a chaste and innocent cuddle would be so much more than he ever would've expected from a girl as attractive as this.

"I'd love to cuddle with you Gem. And I promise to be a gentleman. But only if you're 100% sure you're fine with it. I'd like to see you again too, and I don't want you feeling creeped out in the morning."

"Give me 5 minutes." Gemma said, getting up and leaving the room.

Dave was trembling with excitement as she left, and his hands were actually shaking. He heard the toilet flush, the taps running, then her bedroom door closing. 5 minutes later, she returned, wearing baggy grey high cut workout shorts, that didn't do much to hide the puffy diaper underneath. She had changed into a loose fitting singlet as well, and her boobs were more visible than they had been in her dress. She had white ankle socks on as well, and she looked unbearably, deliciously cute with her hair tied back in a ponytail.

Gemma didn't speak, just took his hand and led him into the bedroom, where the only light was from her bedside table lamp. She lay back, dragging him with her, and they kissed.

At first it was quite chaste, but it didn't take long before their tongues were exploring each other's mouths. She helped him take his jeans off, but left his boxer shorts on, and they spent a good deal of time touching and exploring each other's bodies, without getting too intimate. He cupped her breasts at one stage, but she gently pulled his hand away, kissed it, and whispered "Later," and he was happy with that.

Eventually she yawned, and that was the signal for sleep, and it was after 3am. Gemma rolled over, turning her back to Dave. He snuggled up behind her, adopting the classic spooning position, and gently pressed his crotch against her backside, pushing it firmly into her padding.

She could feel his erection through her diaper.

She took his arm, draping it over her shoulder, and guided his hand towards her breasts, and let him cup them again, this time with her willing permission.

Dave held her tightly, and breathed out a sigh of contentment, not quite believing the situation he was in. He didn't think he would ever fall asleep, but only minutes later, both of them were fast asleep, completely comfortable in each other's arms.

*090*2017-02-20 12:45

Chapter 31:

Gemma woke up, and could feel the wetness of the diaper she was wearing around her bottom. She must've already been peeing a bit as she woke up. She was laying on her back, and had that drunk-too-much,-fuzzy-headed feeling that accompanies it. She was aware that she had stopped leaking as she had woken up, but was still busting to go.

She stretched her legs out tightly, opening her eyes just a touch in the harsh morning light, and saw her socks bending as she curled her toes. Another squirt escaped, and she just relaxed, knowing it was way too late to try and stop now, and in fact being a bit surprised she'd even woke up before her bladder had completely emptied.

Her urine, already leaking into her thick padding, needed no further invitation than the subtle parting of her thighs, and she instantly started gushing, but was awake enough to clamp down on her holding muscles to slow the flow to a manageable extent, giving it enough time to be absorbed before it flooded through her leg guards.

It was a nice, but guilty feeling. The grownup part of her kept screaming that she needed to get up straight away and to stop wetting herself like a baby, but her childhood upbringing said different, telling her that it was okay to let go, that her diaper was already wet anyway, and besides, nobody would ever know. She regulated the flow as best she could, trying her best to do a series of short squirts or dribbles, hoping her nappy wouldn't leak before she finished.

Her crotch and bottom got warmer and wetter, and the thick, adult pull up swelled like a sponge, pushing its soft, soggy, swollen warmth firmly against her private areas in both the back and front. She dragged her feet toward her butt as she finished, relishing the trickling sensation that the hot liquid gave her as it ran over and through her neatly trimmed bush, and into her butt crack, tickling her as it dribbled out.

Her diaper seemed to have doubled in size as she finished peeing, and, still half asleep, she reached down beneath her bum, just as she had done as a child, and ran her hand casually across the bottom sheet, checking for any expected leakage, and not really caring all that much if she found any.

Her bed seemed to be still dry, and with her bladder now empty, she had no reason to get up. She could feel a slight hangover ready to pounce, and figured a bit more sleep probably wouldn't hurt, and a drink of water first would definitely help as well.

Without opening her eyes, she reached across to the bedside table, and almost screamed when her arm bumped into the figure laying beside her. She stifled the noise, but her eyes shot open, and it took a minute to realise that it was simply David, with his back to her, sleeping soundlessly.

"Shit! I forgot about Dave! Fuck me! I've just pissed myself! I gotta get changed before he wakes up. At least the beds not wet. I'll have a drink first, then get up."

She reached carefully across his body, grabbed the glass of water, and drank deeply, feeling her dehydrated body soak it up like a sponge. She gingerly reached across again, gently placing the almost empty glass down softly once more. As she carefully bought her hand back, Dave stirred in his sleep, and somehow snagged her outstretched hand under his arm, and pinned it against his chest, all without waking.

Gemma laid still for a moment, not wanting to disturb him. She decided that as soon as he was settled, she would extract her arm, get up, and go and take her wet diaper off.

But she was still so tired, and slightly hungover as well. Now she was virtually spooning him, and with her bladder freshly emptied, and the all to familiar relaxing feeling of a freshly wet diaper bringing back wonderful childhood memories of a time where wetting herself was just another fact of life, and nothing at all to be ashamed of, and having slaked her monstrous thirst with cool water, she found herself yawning, stretching, and relaxing.

"I'll get up in a second," she thought, but she didn't, and less than a minute later she was fast asleep again.

An hour later, Dave woke up. Gemma had been cuddling him from behind, and it had felt very nice, but she had rolled over, waking him in the process.

He looked at the bedside clock, noting it wasn't quite 8:00 o'clock yet. Being a Sunday morning, he could certainly sleep a bit longer if he wanted too. His eyes lit on the nearly empty glass of water on the bedside table. "Good enough," he thought, draining it in two gulps, before rolling over, facing Gemma's back again. He draped an arm over her shoulder, dangling it on her breast, but not actually cupping or grabbing it, as he didn't want to wake her up. He wriggled his groin against her backside, simply trying to snuggle up to her for a bit longer, but he could feel the warmth through his boxer shorts, and the sensation of padding was enough to wake him up, making him instantly remember he was actually sleeping next to a diapered woman, and his eyes snapped open.

He slowly withdrew his hand, and carefully pulled the top sheet back, and with a swiftly beating heart, looked inside the bed. He was a shade disappointed to find the pink sheets showed no signs of wetness, and nor did the back of her grey athletic shorts.

But her butt definitely looked a lot bigger than it had done at any stage during the previous evening.

He oh-so-gently reached beneath the sheets, and softly pressed a shaking hand against her butt, pushing firmly enough to feel it squelch beneath his grasp, but not enough to wake her. Her bum was incredibly warm, like it was generating its own heat source, and the diaper was very soft and squishy beneath her shorts. She wriggled in her sleep, wiggling her bottom firmly into his open palm.

There was absolutely no doubt about it. She had wet herself.

He couldn't have been more turned on.

He resisisted the urge to masturbate violently though, instead replacing his hand over her shoulder again, lightly brushing her breast. He felt her nipple stiffening with his light touch, although she did not wake up.

Dave pressed his engorged penis, contained solely by his boxer shorts, against the swollen padding of her warm diaper, and was rewarded by her pressing her hot, diapered butt against his erect member. For the briefest of moments, he actually thought he was going to ejaculate, but by lying still for a moment, and not moving a muscle, he was able to regain control. He was sure his shorts were sporting a sticky wet spot on the front, but frankly, he couldn't care less. He was convinced he wouldn't sleep again, but the late night, the alcohol, the pot, and the comfort of cuddling all teamed up against him, and five minutes later, he was snoring softy.

He didn't even wake up an hour and a half later, when Gemma, waking up properly this time, and again panicking about her wet diaper, managed to actually get up this time and go to the toilet, where she stripped off, peed again, wiped herself clean with a wet cloth, and returned back to bed, red faced but relieved in the fact that she'd actually wet the bed, but had somehow gotten away with it without him noticing.

It was a close call, she decided, as she snuggled up to him again, feeling very safe in his strong embrace.

*092*2017-10-17 21:49

Thanks Mom2three, glad you liked it.

Ill definitely be finishing this soon. Just got distracted by my other stories for awhile.

Stay tuned.

*097*2020-02-05 04:20

{{On 2/3/2020 at 11:05 AM, ed2 said:

Diapers are not really my thing, but this novel length story it actually one of the best I've read! The very long plot line, and pretty deep characters, it is all so well written!

}}

Thank you! So glad someone has bumped this again!

It’s on my list of things to eventually finish this. Since it showed up, I’ve been re-reading it again. Maybe I’ll finally get around to completing it.

If you like long stories, with character depth, try another one of mine, Daniel And Amy. It’s currently around the 500000 word mark.

