Kia

Author: gnieep

*000*2012-08-08 00:49

OKAY so I had this thought for a omorashi story

- and it might suck

- so here it is

- to set it up (this is as of the beginning of the story): the main characters are Kia, Nikki, and Daniel (everyone calls him Ham as a nickname) Kia discovered omorashi recently but isn't aroused by it and she real enjoys art (and she's a tomboy), Nikki has a weak bladder and wets the bed (I know it's cliché) plus she really wants to be a singer and Ham is basically what any girl

- on tumblr would want. He's hot and internet obsessed. And single. And to add to the fun he's got an interesting secret that you'll learn about. Some other characters are Angus, "The Hipsters" and "The Lazers" but those are explained within the story

- they are in the summer between school okay

- this story does include some diapering at some point in the future

Chapter 1: i forgot

The three best friends all awoke at there different houses. Kia went to go get dressed, but then thought that she'd just waste time and effort doing that so she drew pictures instead. Meanwhile, Nikki was picking out the perfect dress to wear, preferably one with sparkles. Then she went and combed out her shoulder length blue hair to it's regular fashion. At the same time, Ham was at his house showering, and attempting to sing in the shower. And he was failing because unlike Nikki he could not sing. Ham turned to his secret prized possession. His Justin Bieber shampoo. He was a closet Justin Bieber fan, and boy was he completely obsessed. Ham lathered the shampoo into his hair and smiled.

He stopped he shower and went to retrieve a towel. Then all three eventually realized it was time to head to the park. Kia grabbed her notepad and skateboard and rode to the park. Nikki walked because it was a short distance. Ham put on clothes and grabbed a backpack and filled it with random stuff to cover his lucious bottle of justin bieber shampoo. The he ran over from across town. As Kia was skateboarding, she had happened to meet up with the Hipsters, the most annoying bunch of people from school. hey were like those preppy "popular girls" but they were nine times the annoyingness of that. Also everything was to mainstream for them. From the red car placed next to Kia the "head hipster" shouted

"OMG GUYS LOOK KIA, THE HOBO, ISN'T WEARING SHOES!!!!1! HAHAHAHHAHHA"

Kia looked down to find that she really wasn't wearing shoes.

"Darn it" she thought "I forgot again"

Another hipster took a loooong sip from her latté as another suggested they go to the mall.

"NO!" the head hipster shouted. "THAT'S TOO MAINSTREAM"

Kia quickly skated to the park to get them out of her hair. She saw Nikki waiting there.

"Hey Nikki!" Kia greeted.

"Hey." The Katy Perry look-a-like responded. The two made small talk as they waited for their late friend to arrive. Eventually Ham arrived and they all yelled like little kids and ran to the swings. They violently swung until they all ended up flipping off or nosediving towards the ground. The free panted in thirst.

"Don't worry guys, I got water!" Ham exclaimed and searched his bag for water. His fingers wrapped around the beloved shampoo bottle but he detached them to get the bottles for his friends. He yanked three bottles out and they all drained them. They all exchanged glances and ran towards the sandbox. Nikki strted to feel pain from her bladder and knew exactly what was happening. But instead of looking for a bathroom quickly, she ran towards the sand box. Nikki stared to build castles with the rest of them but noticed the pressure rapidly increasing. hey built and built until Nikki suggested they go to her house. The other two thought of it as an opportunity for fun, but nikki just wanted to use the bathroom. Ham ran ahead and Nikki grabbed Kia.

"What is it?" Kia asked.

"I have tho go to the bathroom. Really badly." Nikki explained.

Kia already knew of her bladder situation, so she grabbed Nikki and put her on the skateboard. Kia went as fast as he could on the skateboard and Nikki had started to hold herself. Soon hey arrived at Nikki's house, but for some reason Ham was occupying the bathroom. Nikki and Kia stayed outside of he bathroom. Nikki wiggled around, crossing her legs and holding herself. After five wordless minuets, Nikki gasped.

"Kia... I think I just.... uh" Kia looked down at Nikki's dress which now sported aa small wet patch.

"Do you have anything on under that?" Kia asked.

"Umm...yeah a leotard...." Nikki responded.

"Take it off. THe dress." Nikki lifted off the dress to a skin tight leotard with a larger wet patch.

"Kia...i can't hold it much longer...."

Suddenly a stream of urine started to flow down Nikki's leg. She closed her legs even higher but nothing happened.

"it's...starting!"

The leotard rapidly turned darker at the crotch and Nikki's hands were soaked. The pee was running down her legs making a large puddle. Tears came too. And Kia just pounded on the door yelling at Ham.

Quote

Link to comment

*003*2012-08-08 14:28

Thank you guys fir the positive feedback

{{:

Little grammar here and there but otherwise pretty good

}}

Yeah i didn't do that great of a job because my laptop was about to run out of battery and didn't have it saved (word wasn't working so i typed it on this site) so I just published it as soon as I could.

