Cassie and David: The Concert

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-24 00:23

Cassie and her friend David emerged from the arena talking excitedly about the concert they had just seen. They trip had been arranged by Cassie’s father, who was escorting the two ten year olds. "Cassie, honey, do you need to pee before we go?" asked Mr. Smith. "No, Daddy!" said Cassie, who was wearing faded blue jeans, sneakers and a black T-shirt. "Liar" thought David.

She was dancing as if still hearing the music from the concert, but David knew she was actually doing it to avoid doing the pee dance in front of her father. During the concert, Cassie had consumed a large pop, and David had whispered in her ear. "I dare you not to go pee until we get home." David used the men’s room, and then they all piled into Mr. Smith’s car. No sooner did Mr. Smith start the trip home, than Cassie started tapping her right leg up and down. Ten minutes later she crossed her legs and started rocking forward and back while rubbing her hands on the tops of her thighs. David could hear Cassie hold her breath several times as she struggled to hold her pee. Another ten minutes went by. Cassie leaned over and whispered to David, "I don’t know-th-if I can-th-hold it-th-much longer," she whimpered.

"Ten minutes later, Cassie was desperate to pee. She placed her hands, palms together, between her knees and started opening and closing her legs very fast, "Daddy! Daddy! I need to pee! It’s an emergency!" Cassie shouted. "Mow I asked you before we left the arena!" complained Mr. Smith. "You’ll just have to hold it until we get home!" he said. ""But, I’m-Oh!-th-going to pee-th-myself!" Cassie whined. "Oh Cassie!" chided Mr. Smith, "You’re 10 years old, stop acting like a baby!" Cassie suddenly jammed her legs tightly together, squeezing them as hard as she could.

"Oh! Oh! Oh No! It’s starting to come out! Oh! Oh! Oh!" Mr. Smith hastily pulled into a parking lot. "Out of the car!" he ordered. Cassie got up quickly, David noticing a small wet spot on the crotch of her jeans. She took two steps and froze, looking down at her crotch. "It’s too late!" she shouted, as a gusher of pee poured down her jeans. She peed for over a minute, the wetness running down both legs, soaking her shoes, and seeping up her butt almost to her belt. "I’m sorry, Daddy, I couldn’t hold it," said Cassie. "That’s it. You’re grounded young lady! For 1 week!" Mr. Smith found a towel in the trunk for Cassie to sit on. "I’m Sorry, I shouldn’t have dared you. It’s my fault," David whispered to Cassie. She winked at him as if to say, "Don’t worry about it."

