The Mean Sister

Author: Barry

*000*2019-05-09 15:03

Chapter 1

It was a lazy Saturday morning, so 16 year old Crystal, Chrissy to her mum, woke up later than usual. She probably would’ve stayed in bed even longer, but a few factors forced her to get up.

One, she had some chores to do. Not much really, tidy her room and do some cleaning. Two, she had a date this afternoon, with one of the coolest boys in school, Jack, who was taking her roller skating, and she wanted to get a bit of practice in first. Number three, she needed to pee. Forcing herself to get out of her warm, comfy bed, she went to the bathroom, and crossed item number three off her list first, while thinking about item number two the entire time.

Chrissy was a pretty girl. Tall, slim, with long reddish brown hair and a good figure, and she was a good student too, and had a circle of friends, although she wouldn’t be classed as extremely popular. She really didn’t stand out in a crowd anymore than dozens of other girls did, but she was hoping that may start to change as of today.

As previously stated, Jack, one of the hottest, most popular boys in her high school year had taken a liking to her, and invited her for a skating date with him, and his circle of friends, a.k.a “The Cool Kids.” This could prove to be her ticket towards high school stardom, an invitation to start mixing with the elite peer group, and she was determined to put on a good impression. Jack himself was super hot, and Crystal was still pinching herself over the fact that he’d noticed her. She hadn’t skated for awhile, and was pleasantly surprised to discover that her skates still fitted, and once her chores were over, she was going to brush up on her skills in the backyard before he arrived, just to make sure that she didn’t embarrass herself once she got to the rink.

After washing her hands, she headed towards the stairs, eager to get breakfast out of the way, so she could start her chores. After all, the sooner she started, the sooner she’d finish, and as a result get some much needed practice in before Jack picked her up at two o’clock. A slightly older friend of his had a license and a car, another mitigating reason why Jack and his friends were considered the “in crowd.”

As she walked past the open door of her 10 year old brothers room, Cody, she glanced in, and saw him standing with his back to her, hurriedly trying to pull the sheets from his bed. The backside of his light blue pyjamas was obviously soaked, turned a dark blue colour, and the wet stain spread halfway up his back. She walked in without him being aware of her presence, and she saw his bright red Spider Man sheets had a huge wet spot on them.

“Watcha doin’ Code? Piss the bed again did ya?” Her voice was loud in the almost silent atmosphere of the upstairs area they shared. She was extremely pleased to see Cody jump and squeal, spinning around towards her, while unsuccessfully trying to cover up the wet bed. He looked to be on the verge of tears, although not quite there yet, but Crystal thought she could easily push him past that point with only a little effort. Cody irritated the hell out of her.

The little boys voice was hushed, and while he was trying his hardest to keep it firm, she could easily pick just how shaky it actually was.

“Shhhh! Shut up Chris! I don’t know what happened! Whaddya mean ‘again?’ I haven’t done this in like ages! You know I haven’t! It doesn’t happen anymore! You know that! I just musta had an accident. That’s all.” His voice turned into a plead, “Can you help me Chris, Please? I’m no good at making beds. Help me so mum doesn’t find out?”

Crystal looked at him with pure disdain. “Yeah right! Like I’m gonna handle your pissy sheets! I told you before that you’re a big baby! This proves it!”

“IM NOT A BABY,” he hissed, trying but failing to keep his voice as quiet as he wanted. “Don’t say that!”

“Uh uh uh,” she said in a mocking tone, wagging a finger at him. “You peed your pants last weekend didn’t you, and a few weeks ago? Only babies do that! I thought you were supposed to be 10, not a little bitty baby?”

The first tears sprung from Cody’s eyes, and Crystal suppressed a grin as he tried to choke back a sob. “That’s not fair Chris. Last week I had a little accident on the trampoline. The other time mum got stuck in traffic and I couldn’t hold on. It coulda happened to anyone. Mum said so! She wasn’t even mad. She knew it was just accidents.”

Crystal grinned at him. “Do you reckon she’ll think this is just an accident, little baby Cody? Only babies pee in their sleep. Maybe she’ll make you wear a nappy to bed.....”

Cody went white. “Please, please don’t tell her Chris. Please help me. I’ll do anything?”

Crystal turned abruptly on her heels, and almost ran out of her brothers room. Her mission was accomplished. She had drawn tears, and completely humiliated him. Well, not completely. Yet....

“MUUUUUMMM! YOU BETTER COME UP HERE! CODE’S HAS WET HIS BED!”

The sound of his anguished moan was music to her ears, and she fought to suppress a huge grin as their mother appeared at the base of the stairs.

“What? What happened?” The look of confusion on her face was obvious.

Crystal stepped around her mother, keeping her face averted less her grin be spotted. “The dirty little baby boy has wet himself. AGAIN! This time in his bed! Honestly mum. There’s something wrong with that kid!” With that said, she disappeared into the kitchen to make a bowl of cereal and a cup of tea.

Her mother appeared a few minutes later, a bundle of sheets in her hands, as she walked past towards the laundry. Crystal waited for her to return before asking, “So where is my baby brother?”

Her mother’s response was sharp. “He’s in the shower Chris, bawling his eyes out. For goodness sake girl. Why do you have to be so mean to him?”

The teenager looked perplexed. “Mean? He keeps wetting himself mum! He’s way too old to be doing this all the time! I’m just telling the dirty little turd the truth!”

Her mother was suddenly mad. “Jesus Christ Crystal! He’s only a little boy! These things happen to little kids! It’s not like he does it on purpose! You peed your pants on the trampoline too when you were a kid! I’ve seen you have accidents as well young lady! Can’t you just help your brother instead of picking on him?”

“I never wet the bed mum. That’s something,” she said defensively.

Her mother sighed. “What’s it matter to you for Chris? Yes. He peed in his sleep. In HIS bed. Not yours. Why do you need to be such a little cow about it?”

“I’m going to clean my room,” Crystal responded, and picked up her bowl, teacup, and empty juice glass.

“You can vacuum the hall and living room after that,” her mother shouted after her, “and do your laundry!”

“I’ll have to wait for the babies sheets to finish first,” Crystal replied, then hurried away before her mum could respond.

On the way past Cody’s room, she saw him sitting dejectedly on the edge of his stripped bed, wearing nothing but a pair of underpants. She almost made another diaper jibe, but thought that perhaps she’d pushed his buttons just far enough. At least for now.

Chapter 2

Crystal and Cody ignored each other all morning, and on the rare occasions that their paths crossed while doing their chores, they silently snubbed one another. Sitting around the table at lunchtime only produced a stony silence. The children’s mother tried unsuccessfully a few times to promote some engaging conversation, but her efforts fell on deaf ears. Her son was feeling embarrassed about his bed wetting accident, and her daughter was still smarting about being told off. In the end, she had had enough.

“Alright you two, listen up. I’m going to mop the floors, so I want you gone. Go outside and play, or go to your rooms, I don’t care which, but stay out of my way until the floors have dried, capiche?”

“I’m going outside to skate,” Crystal announced excitedly. “I want some practice before Jack gets here.”

“I want some practice before Jack gets here...” Cody repeated in a mocking, sing-song voice, causing Crystal to react strongly.

“Shut up booger. Maybe if you weren’t such a little baby, you’d have more friends of your own?”

“KIDS! ENOUGH,” mum almost shouted, putting an end to their bickering before it got out of hand.

“Sorry mummy,” Cody said politely. “Can I go next door and see if Billy and Tommy wanna play please?”

Billy was 10, same age as Cody, and his best friend. Tommy was Billy’s 8 year old brother. The 3 boys were often at each other’s houses.

Before her mother could answer, Crystal interjected. “Gonna tell your little friends that you went peepee in your bed Code?”

He went bright red, a mixture of anger and embarrassment. “Chris, don’t you ever, EVER dare say that!”

Sensing the wrath of her mum, the teenager quickly backed down. “Sheesh dude, I’m just messing with you. Chill out. Course I won’t say anything!”

Their mother sighed. “Go Code. See if they’re home. I don’t mind if the guys come over here, but outside play only, ok?”

“Thanks mum,” he said eagerly, planting a kiss on her cheek before running out the door, but not before shooting his sister a murderous glare.

The door slammed, and Crystal remarked under her breath “Should’ve made him go potty first...”

“That’s enough Chris. I mean it. Any more out of you, and you won’t be going on your date later! If you’re going outside, go. I’ve had enough!”

Without another word, Crystal went to her room to change. She put on some high cut denim shorts, knee high stripey socks, and a Ramones t-shirt, before grabbing her skates and phone. A quick stop in the kitchen for a large bottle of iced tea earning her a sharp glance from her mother.

“I know, I know, I’m going,” she said placatingly, padding outside trying not to drop anything.

Her mood soured slightly, when a few minutes later the back door opened, and Cody appeared, looking downcast.

“Thought you were next door,” she said.

“The guys are going out with their mum to get new shoes,” he told her glumly. “They’ll be back a bit later.” His eyes fell on the iced tea. “Can I have a drink?”

Crystal sighed, and passed him the bottle, looking disgusted as he guzzled from the top, spilling a lot of it on his grubby white t-shirt and grey basketball shorts. “You’re a little piglet, you know?”

He replied with a burp and a grin, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.

“Chrissy,” he said softly, “wanna play with me? We can play totem tennis, or go on the tramp or somethin’”

“Not now booger. I’m going to skate. After I text Melissa. Go. Shoo!”

Putting her socked feet on the outdoor table, Crystal took a big drink, (after thoroughly wiping the top of the bottle of course!) and sent a message to her friend, who responded immediately. Soon, the texts were going back and forth at a hundred miles an hour, as she sipped constantly at her tea. There was soooo much to talk about with her bestie about her upcoming date with high school royalty! At one point, Cody appeared again asking for another drink, and to get rid of him, she just gave him the last of her bottle, even though it still had about a third left in it.

Before she knew it, it was 12:30, and her date would be here in an 90 minutes! She hadn’t skated at all, and she needed time to do her hair and makeup too! Time to get started.

She lowered her socked feet from the table, wincing at the slight cramp she felt in her thighs. Pulling her skates towards her, she bent forwards, and felt a contraction of her bladder. She suddenly became aware that she needed to pee. Thinking back, she’d had a cup of tea and a glass of juice at breakfast, a glass of water while vacuuming, another juice at lunch, and nearly a litre of iced tea! It was no wonder she needed to go!

“I better go before I put my skates on,” she thought to herself, and padded towards the back door.

But once there, she saw her mother on the other side, red in the face, mopping the floor thoroughly.

“No sweetie. I told you. You’re not coming in until the floors dry. Like I said. Room or outside. You’re not coming in for at least another 20 minutes now.”

Knowing she was already in her mums bad books, and not wanting to risk a grounding for the afternoon, the girl didn’t want to argue. She sat back down in the chair again to consider her options. Really, there wasn’t many. Although she had snuck a sneaky pee in the backyard once or twice before, she certainly couldn’t do it with her annoying little brother running around! If she held off putting her skates on for another 20 minutes, she may as well just give up on the idea of a practice altogether. She needed to practice too. She didn’t want the popular kids to think she was clumsy and uncoordinated. So if she started skating now, she would be giving up the idea of a toilet break for at least another 30 minutes, but in reality she didn’t think that was a big deal. After all, she wasn’t a little baby pee pants like Cody!

Her mind made up, she squeezed her feet into her skates. Her long socks were thick, and made the skates a bit tight, but with a bit of wiggling she got there at last, making a mental note to wear thinner socks later.

Oof. Man. She really did need to pee! Bending over at the waist to tie her laces was really uncomfortable! At one point she had to sit up straight and take a deep breath, because the fullness in her bladder was becoming quite bothersome.

Again the idea of a sneaky wee in the yard crossed her mind. It was becoming more and more attractive with every passing second. She double checked where her brother was, and saw him standing on the trampoline, draining the last out of her iced tea bottle, while absentmindedly squeezing the front of his shorts with his right hand.

“The silly little shit needs to pee,” she thought. “This is why he pisses in his pants sometimes. He’s too stupid to realise that he needs to go.”

The irony of the situation wasn’t completely lost on her, but she was a big kid. Shit. Virtually a grown up. Not a silly little boy with no control. Like Cody.

Standing up, and wobbling, she felt her abdominal muscles tighten a bit, and she had to refrain from grabbing her own crotch like her brother was doing. She watched him throw the empty bottle over the top of the trampoline net, and start bouncing, but while still holding his pecker through his baggy grey shorts.

“He’s gonna pee his pants again, and I can’t wait to see it,” she mumbled to herself. “I’m going to make his life a living hell.”

It took the girl a few minutes, but it all came back to her fairly quickly. Soon she was skating and turning, even managing to cross her skates without losing her balance. Once her skates jolted on an uneven paver, and she felt her bladder loosen, so she jammed her hand into her crotch with a hiss. It was starting to get unbearable now. Her pee hole felt hot and tingly, she was sweating, and not from the exertion of skating. Her tummy felt bloated, and she couldn’t concentrate on anything other than her desire to pass water. She glided across to the table and checked her phone. 17 minutes had gone past. Close enough. She was going to wet herself if she didn’t get inside shortly.

Speaking of that......how was Cody getting along?

A glance at the trampoline answered that question. Even from a distance, she could see a tennis ball sized wet spot on the front of his shorts, as he struggled to get out of the trampoline cage. Once free, he jumped to the grass, and froze like a statue, looking down in horror at his crotch, as the wet spot suddenly blossomed and enlarged dramatically, soaking the entire front of his shorts, sending dark streaks down to his knees, where waterfalls erupted, splashing onto his little white socks. He tried to walk in a funny, bow-legged fashion, but his bladder continued to empty as he walked. Even his t-shirt was wicking the wetness up towards his tummy. He looked completely crestfallen.

This was too good to be true! Now her earlier pettiness would be justified! Surely her mum would now have to agree that Cody wasn’t just “an unlucky little boy,” but a naughty brat that couldn’t be bothered going potty when he knew he should! She skated to the door.

“MUUUUUUMMMM! MUM! CODY’S DONE IT AGAIN! HE’S PEED HIMSELF! HIS PANTS ARE ALL WET!”

Cody had waddled onto the cement, his wet socks leaving a forlorn trail of little footprints behind him. He couldn’t look his big sister in the face. Tears were running down his chubby cheeks.

His mother appeared at the door, and it took him all his effort to look up, his huge brown eyes filled with tears. “I’m sorry mummy. It was an accident,” he muttered.

His mother smiled at him, then shot a warning glare at Crystal. “It’s okay Codes. It’s alright. Don’t worry. Mummy will get you a towel. Stay there.” She then made a zipper motion across her lips as a warning to her daughter, who was a bit stunned. Could this stupid kid just keep wetting himself and not getting into trouble for it? That was like so totally unfair.

A minute later, mum returned, and helped the whimpering boy take off all his clothes. She helped him dry his legs and feet, then wrapped the towel around him, while she picked up his bundle of saturated clothing and led him inside. She turned at the door. “You. Wait out here. I don’t need to hear it, and neither does Cody right now. Let me just get him into the shower without you starting on him, ok?”

Crystal was annoyed. “What’re you telling me off for? I didn’t wet his damn pants mum? I haven’t said anything!”

Mum sighed. “I know honey. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to snap. I just don’t want to upset the poor kid anymore than he already is, ok? Just try and be nice to him for a change, darling?”

Feeling somewhat placated, Crystal nodded her head. “Fine. Whatever,” she muttered, before skating back towards the table.

It wasn’t until the door closed, that she realised that she still needed to go to the toilet herself.

Badly.

*003*2019-05-12 05:45

Chapter 3

Unbelievable! That’s what it was, simply unbelievable. How on earth could a ten year old keep wetting his pants, and nothing be said about it? Surely the little brat should be punished. This was so totally unfair.

Crystal checked her phone, seeing it was just past 12.30. She still had heaps of time to have a shower and get ready before 2 o’clock came around. Good thing too. Because she certainly couldn’t have a shower until pee-boy had finished. She’d give it ten more minutes of practice, then go inside. The fullness of her bladder was getting extreme, and she thought that ten minutes was probably all she could wait anyway. The thought of how nice it was going to be to pee in the shower was like heaven, and she almost lost control thinking about it.

The desperate girl pressed her thighs tightly together, and pulled at the hem of her faded denim shorts. She couldn’t remember ever needing “to go” this badly in her life! Again, she thought about doing a sneaky wee in the yard. After all, Booger was now gone, and his mummy was probably fawning over him, telling him how simply wonderful he is, and how nothing is ever his fault. She skated over to the edge of the grass, and scanned the back yard, looking for options.

The only spot of real privacy, where she had peed before, was behind some bushes near the back fence. The thought of hobbling across the lawn in her skates, then trying to get her shorts down and squatting without falling over soon convinced her that that option wasn’t viable. She’d end up peeing all over her legs and skates, not to mention the grass and dirt that would get in the bearings. Her dad had always told her that her skates shouldn’t be worn on the grass. She could always take them off first, she supposed, but then she’d lose that last precious ten minutes of much needed practice, and she hadn’t even tried going backwards yet! Nope. She would just have to hold on for a bit longer.

She was so focused on her desperation, she didn’t hear the buzzing of her phone, signalling that a text message had been received......

As another mild wave of desperation washed over her, making goose pimples on her arms and legs, she pulled at the crotch of her shorts, trying to ease the pressure on her pee hole. In the back of her mind, she knew she was doing exactly as Cody had done when ignoring his own need, but she wasn’t a hopeless little kid like him, so surely it wasn’t the same thing at all.

Skating backwards proved to be a lot harder. She wasn’t as balanced, and sort of leaned forward a bit as she skated across the concrete, the bent over position highlighting the fullness of her bladder even more. She turned around, and headed backwards towards the fence, focusing on trying to keep her balance, and not open her legs too much. As she neared the fence, a sudden voice made her jump with surprise.

“Hi Crystal! Is Cody home?”

She spun around in shock, the sudden motion making her abdominal muscles contract, and she felt a slight wetness in her underpants. Not much, but there was a definite warmth that hadn’t been there before. Her hand started to reach for her crotch, but she stopped, as she saw two little heads, both with bright red hair, staring at her from over the next doors fence.

“Geez! You guys scared me.”

It was Cody’s friends, Billy and Tommy, and she really didn’t need them to know that she’d almost wet her pants!

Suddenly, a devilish idea came to her, one that might make her mum a bit cross, but would DEFINITELY upset Booger a bit more!

Billy grinned at her, “Sorry Crystal. Daddy said Codes could come over and play now if he still wanted to!”

“Why don’t you guys come over here?” Crystal said innocently. “I’m sure it would probably help cheer him up. He’s a bit upset ‘cause he wet his pants earlier. I think he’s probably out of the shower by now!”

Eight year old Tommy’s eyes opened wide. “Did Cody wet hisself? Wow! What happened?”

His brother punched him on the arm.

“Shut up Doofus. That’s rude! Come on, let’s see if he’s alright,” and they jumped down, and ran towards their side gate.

“Serves the little shit right,” she muttered, hoping that having his friends know about his accident would embarrass him even more.

Again, her phone buzzed, but again she didn’t hear it.....or the sound of a vehicle approaching from up the street.

Ooooffff.

Her bladder spasmed, and she hunched forwards, jamming her right hand into her crotch, and squeezing her thighs together tightly. This time, she felt wetness underneath her fingers.

“Of shit. Nonononono...” she thought, coming to the horrified revelation that she had waited too long, and was right on the verge of completely wetting her pants. She couldn’t even skate back towards the table, (where her phone would’ve shown her two messages,) so she sat down with a thump right where she was, outside her back door, and with shaking hands, started to undo her laces.

###

Meanwhile, as a car slowed down and found her driveway, the people inside were talking.

“So has she answered yet Jack?” Asked Peter.

“No. But I’m sure she’s home. She wasn’t going anywhere. “

“But she doesn’t know we’re coming early?”

“No,” replied Jack, to his best friend, who along with his own girlfriend helped make up the popular clique at school, “but I’m sure it’ll be a nice surprise for her!”

“I’m not sure about her,” said Megan, Peters girlfriend. “She seems kinda babyish too me.”

“Relax,” Jack assured her. “Crystal is really cool. Promise.”

Pete parked in the driveway, and the three teenagers got out, and knocked on the door.

###

Inside Cody’s room, the three little boys were talking. Cody’s hair was still wet from his shower, and his eyes were red from crying, but he had calmed down a lot since his accident. Although he was really mad at his sister for telling his friends what had happened. Thankfully, his mum had made his bed again earlier, and opened his window, so all evidence of his bed wetting was gone. That was something at least.

“I can’t believe she told you,” the boy said angrily.

“Don’t worry about it Code,” Billy assured him. “It was just a dumb old accident.”

“I’ll bet everyone wets themselves sometimes,” Tommy chimed in.

“Especially you,” his brother said playfully, shoving the smaller boy gently.

“Not just me! You too!” Tommy said indignantly, shoving him back.

Cody looked on in amazement. “Has it really happened to you guys as well?”

The red headed brothers looked at each other, then grinned. Tommy nodded almost imperceptibly to his big brother, and Billy took the cue.

“Yeah Code. Me and Tommy have both peed usselves before. Not a lot, but we’ve both dunnit. Tommy even wears a pull up to bed, don’t ya Tomtom? He still wets in his sleep sometimes.”

Tommy glowed red, but still smiled. It was nice to share a secret with someone else who had done the same sorta thing.

“Yeah. My mum makes me. But I don’t wet all the time. Jus’ sometimes, ya know? And I’ve seen Bill have a big old accident before! Remember Bill? At the park?”

It was Bills turn to blush now, but, like his brother, he felt like it was kinda good to share a naughty secret. Plus, he could tell it was making his bestest friend in the whole world feel a lot better. Cody was even smiling now!

“The toilets were closed,” he whispered to the other boys. “I couldn’t hold on....”

Cody was gobsmacked. “Wow! Both of you? Has it ever happened again?”

He saw the brothers glance at each other, so he sought to quickly reassure them.

“It’s happened to me a couple of times. Wanna hear ‘bout it? I’ll tell you mine if you tell me yours?”

Billy and Tommy were grinning. “DEAL,” they said in unison, putting their hands out. Cody added his, and they laughed as they threw there arms up!

But before they could start sharing secrets, there was a knock at the door......

###

Crystal pulled her right skate off with an almighty tug. She felt herself leak again, and looked down at dismay at her crotch. There was a dark wet spot the size and shape of a small lemon. Her pee hole was almost vibrating, and she could feel the contents of her bladder moving into her urethra.

Unfortunately, there was absolutely no way of undoing her left skate and keeping her legs straight and crossed at the same time. She also needed both hands, so she couldn’t even hold herself.

Wait! Was that a car pulling up in their drive? Surely not! Jack, Peter, and Megan weren’t due for over an hour yet! But she couldn’t think of who else it might be. She hurriedly turned her attention back to her left skate, pulling frantically at the laces.

The knot didn’t undo. It tightened.

Then snapped.

She stared at the broken lace in her hand, and felt more warmth in her crotch. A glance down showed her wet patch had spread even further. It would probably even be noticeable when she stood up! And she needed to go sooooooooo badly! Now she’d leaked, the feeling of being so close was unbearable, and the warmth between her legs was like a promise of fulfilment. She tore madly at her laces, and tried to drag the skate off using her socked foot, but the pressure only caused her to leak even more.

...Cody and his friends ran down the stairs, anxious to see who was at the door. At their age, every visitor is an exciting mystery, with the potential to be another playmate! They stopped at the foot of the stairs, almost falling over each other, giggling madly, as Cody’s mum reached the door first, shooting them a stern look for running down the stairs.

She opened the door to find three teenagers, two boys and a girl standing there. She assumed it must be her daughters friends, although they weren’t due for more than an hour. But she greeted them with a smile.

The shorter of the two boys stepped forward, and offered his hand.

“Mrs Johnson? I’m Jack. This is Peter and Megan. Is Crystal home? We’re going skating!”

Cody’s mum smiled, stepping aside to let them in, after shaking Jacks hand. He was so polite! Also, he definitely was a good looking young man, just like Chris had said.

“Please, come in. I don’t know if she’s ready or not. I thought you guys were coming later?”

Jack smiled. “We had a change of plans. I’ve been texting Crystal, but I haven’t heard back from her yet. She may not have got my message yet. Is she home?”

“Oh yes. She’s definitely home. She’s been outside practicing her skating for awhile now. I know she’s excited to be going!”

Her eyes fell towards her son.

“This is Cody. Crystals brother and his friends. Cody, will you show Jack and his friends to the backyard please?”

Cody smiled bashfully at the big teenagers, but motioned for them to follow him. Tommy and Billy tagged along as well, just because. After a moments hesitation, Crystals mother went as well, curious to see how her daughter reacted around her new friends.

###

Crystal was starting to cry with anger and frustration. She kept leaking, and now her entire crotch area was soaked, and there was a little puddle between her legs. Every time she moved, a bit more came out, and every leak was getting bigger.

She thought she heard a knock on the front door, and she REALLY needed to get this fucking skate off and run inside before anyone saw her.

She hooked her socked toes behind the back wheels, and pushed, not even worrying about leaking anymore. Her shorts were already wet, even her bum, so it was too late to worry about that now. All she could hope for, was to get inside, and up to her room before anybody saw her.

She pushed again. At the same time her skate flew off, her bladder completely let go. She had absolutely no chance of stopping it this time. She spread her legs wide apart, and lifted her knees, planting the soles of her feet flat, trying to keep her stripey knee high socks out of the torrent that was flowing out of her shorts. She watched in horror as a stream appeared from each leg hole, and within seconds she was sitting in an actual puddle that was spreading outwards in all directions.

It felt incredible. The relief was absolutely amazing. She couldn’t stop even if she wanted too, so she just gave herself over to it completely. It felt like her bladder was a deflating balloon, and the warmth that was spreading across her backside and down her upper thighs actually felt kind of good.

At the same time, she was of course horrified. This was simply one of the worst things that had ever happened to her, but the relief still felt good. She stared at her crotch, and at the puddle, almost mesmerised by the mixed feelings of relief and shame.

Then she heard a noise, and looked up. She realised that she was sitting directly outside the back door, facing it, and it was opening.

“CRYSTAL! Jacks he......” Cody’s voice tapered off, as he, followed by her friends, followed by Cody’s friends, followed by her mother, all somehow appeared in front of her, just in time to see her finish wetting her pants.

Little Billy clapped excitedly, then punched Cody on the arm.

“See Code? Toldya it could happen to anyone!”

Cody just grinned. This was the happiest that he’d been all day.

The End.

*008*2019-06-11 03:07

{{On 6/2/2019 at 11:31 PM, tevoka said:

This is a lovely story. It's sweet and karmic without being mean or cruel. I'd love to see more chapters or another story with these characters, but it's ok if that doesn't happen because this one ends so well.

Good to see you're writing again Barry.

}}

Thanks Tevoka! I tried to leave it open for a possible sequel, so I’m glad you enjoyed it. I may well do just that.

I really need to continue my Daniel and Amy story before it dies a lonely death.

