Meeting friends and a date - a cardcaptor sakura story

Author: omofan77

*000*2014-11-06 03:33

Chapter 1: Sakura and Tomoyo

At the pool, Sakura was having fun swimming when she had to go to the bathroom. She got out of the water and went to the bathroom, but found too many people inside. Sakura tried to wait, but her desperation was getting worse. She ran off to find another place and met her new Tomoyo. "How are you, Tomoyo-san?" asked Sakura, trying to hide her desperation. "I'm trying to find something to film with my new camera," Tomoyo said. She could see Sakura's discomfort and couldn't help but think she looked cute.

"I understand your prediciment," said Tomoyo. "I can find you a place to go to the bathroom." Sakura did her best to smile greatfully at her. As Tomoyo led her to a wooded area, she said suddenly, "I know something I can film! I could film you going outside." Sakura blushed. "We'll keep it between us," promised Tomoyo. "Just think about it." When they came to a good spot, Tomoyo said, "Well?" while holding up her camera. Sakura looked determined. "I have to go so bad I don't care if you watch or film me." She bent down, holding onto a branch with one hand and pulling her bathing suit to the side with her other hand.

Tomoyo filmed from the bushes behind Sakura. Sakura looked nervous, but heard Tomoyo's soft, sweet voice. "That's it. Just relax and act natural." Something about her voice and words calmed Sakura. She relaxed and peed onto the grass. She sighed in relief, watching her pee make a nice, bubbly puddle. She was too immersed in the wonderful feeling of relief to care about Tomoyo sounding delighted and looking like she was watching the cutest thing. Tomoyo came out and filmed Sakura from all angles, focusing on the growing puddle, the stream from her vagina, and Sakura's expressions of relief. Sakura found it a curious feeling to have a camera all over her while peeing, but found she didn't mind too much when done by a friend. Finally, her peeing stopped and Tomoyo helped Sakura clean herself.

"This is the best footage I ever taken!" said Tomoyo. "To thank you, why don't you film me?" She handed Sakura the camera and proceeded to pee onto the ground. Sakura filmed from all angles, finding this more fun then she thought. Years later, Sakura and Tomoyo giggled as they watched the old tape. "You were so cute back then, Sakura-chan," said Tomoyo. "I never thought something like that could be fun," said Sakura. "I'm glad it helped us become best friends."

Chapter 2: Sakura and Rika

At school, Sakura enjoyed the cookies her classmate Rika brought. She was impressed Rika baked them and Rika invited her to her place for more. As they walked home, Rika felt pressure on her bladder. She tried to not notice, but the feeling got worse as time went on. "Are you alright, Rika-san?" asked Sakura. "I'm fine," said Rika. She could not keep her legs apart now. Sakura noticed. "Do you have to go to the bathroom?" she asked. "Yes," said Rika, knowing she couldn't hide it.

"Can you wait until we get to your place?" asked Sakura. "I don't know if I can," said Rika. "Well, you could go around here," said Sakura. "It's a secluded area."

"I can't do something like that," said Rika. "I'm a mature girl."

"Even mature girls have to go sometime," said Sakura. "There's nothing wrong with going to the bathroom outside if that's your only choice."

"Maybe," said Rika. "But I'm too nervous to do it here."

"How about we go together?" asked Sakura. She walked behind a bush and after a moment, Rika followed.

Sakura pulled her skirt and panties to her knees and crouched down. Rika grabbed both ends of her skirt, then paused. "Did you hear that?" she asked. "What if someone's coming?"

"It's just an animal in a tree," said Sakura. Rika composed herself and lowered her skirt and panties, copying Sakura. Then Sakura let out a nice stream of pee. The sight and sound was too much for Rika. She relaxed, pee cascading out of her and collected in a puddle at her feet. Rika sighed in relief, actually enjoying the feeling. She felt euphoria and freedom at peeing outside and a nice tickle as her tinkling hit her vagina.

The girls finished their peeing, small drops dripping onto their puddles. Rika cleaned herself with her hankerchief as Sakura did the same. They pulled on their panties and skirts and walked on. "That wasn't so bad," said Rika. "I don't mind it," said Sakura. "It's ok if you think it's fun."

"I guess it was," said Rika. "I actullay look forward to trying something like it again soon." They said they would not tell anyone what happened, then went on to Rika's place for cookies as new friends.

Chapter 3: Sakura and Naoko

Sakura and Naoko had a good time talking about fairy tales when Sakura noticed Naoko reading them. After awhile, Naoko said, "Why don't you spend the night at my house? We could watch a movie." Sakura agreed, thinking it would be a fairy tale. However, it turned out to be a scary movie. Sakura tried not to show how scared she was, while Naoko clearly enjoyed it. There was a moment when both were startled and screamed. Then Naoko felt wet and warm.

She looked down and blushed. Her pajamas were damp. As Naoko looked up, she saw Sakura looking at her. After a moment, Sakura spread her legs and a spot appeared on her pajamas along with the sound of peeing. Afterwards Sakura said, "Now you don't have to feel embarrassed."

"Thanks, Sakura-chan," said Naoko. "I didn't even know I had to go. I guess I got caught up in the movie and didn't notice."

"You like scary things?" asked Sakura. "The scarier the better!" said Naoko. When they changed into new pajamas, Naoko said, "This gives me an idea. Why don't we go to the bathroom in the yard later when it's darker out?" Sakaura felt nervous but didn't say anything.

In the middle of the night, Naoko led Sakura out to the yard. "I love how dark it is," said Naoko. "You don't know what's hiding in the darkness. Any kind of monster or ghost could get us any time." Sakaura looked very nervous now. "I guess we should hurry up and go," said Naoko, thinking Sakura's fear was deperation. Both girls lifted their nightgowns up, pulled down their panties, and crouched down. Two streams of pee hit the grass, the sound echoing in the still night. The girls could barely see each other. Then silence followed as they finished.

Sakura screamed as a hand touched her shoulder. "Do you see a ghost?" asked Naoko excitedly, touching Sakura. "There's nothing," said Sakura. "Do you have anything to clean with?"

"We'll head to the bathroom," said Naoko. "Then, let's go inside," said Sakura, getting back to the lit area. "There was nothing tonight, but maybe another night," said Naoko, going inside. Sakura was glad to be Naoko's friend, but she hoped they could spend more time talking about fairy tales than scary things.

Chapter 4: Sakura and Chiharu

Chiharu was late for cheerleading practice. She didn't even have time to use the bathroom. When she arrived and practice began, she wondered how she would make it. The lesson seemed longer than usual and Chiharu had to keep moving in place to keep from wetting herself. Fortunally, everyone was too focused on practice to notice. Chiharu thought her new classmate Sakura was watching her. Finally the lesson ended and everyone went off to change. Chiharu ran to the bathroom, but found too many girls waiting.

Chiharu crossed her legs desperately. Then Sakura came up and looked at Chiharu before she could compose herself. "Do you have to go too?" asked Sakura. "Maybe we can find somewhere else to go."

"I could use something outside if I have to," said Chiharu. As they walked, they came upon an outdoor sink. "I can't wait any longer," said Chiharu. She ran up to it and pulled down her skirt and panties. Pee started to come out as she tried to adjust her folds, but it hit spots all over. "I can help," said Sakura, getting behind her. Together, they mananged to adjust Chiharu's folds so a solid stream arched and hit the sink.

Chiharu sighed in relief as she peed in full force, the sound of splashing in the sink very loud. After a minute, her peeing slowed, a few drops hitting the ground as the stream got smaller. Then Chiharu pushed out a few last spurts that went into the sink. Sakura let go of Chiharu's folds so she could clean herself. "Thank you, Sakura-chan," said Chiharu. "A friend helped me when I was in trouble," said Sakura. "I'm glad I could return the favor."

"I want to return the favor," said Chiharu. "Do you still have to go?" Sakura nodded.

"Why don't we do the same thing but I help aim for you?" suggested Chiharu. "All right," said Sakura, pulling down her skirt and panties and standing in front of the sink. She peed a little as Chiharu adjusted her folds, then Sakura allowed herself to pee as hard as she could, making a large, yellow arch of pee that hit the sink. Her peeing lasted for about a minute then slowed. When she finished, she saw a little pee was on Chiharu's fingers as she held Sakura. Sakura then realized she had a little of Chiharu's pee on her as well. They laughed when they realized this. "I guess that makes us good friends," said Chiharu. "There are some things you can't help but share and become friends over."

"That's true," said Sakura, remembering her first peeing experience with Tomoyo.

Chapter 5: Sakura and Syaoran

Now together, Sakura and Syaroan spent the day outside eating lunch. After what like a long time of loving slience, Syaoran said, "I need a bathroom."

"Ok," said Sakura. "Do you want to go behind a tree? I can wait here."

"All right," said Syaoran. He walked behind a tree and lowered his shorts and underwear and aimed, letting out an arc of pee that sprinkled around the tree. Nearby, Sakura blushed as she listened to the sound of Syaroan's peeing and sighs of relief. Then Sakura was reminded of a growing pressure on her bladder.

As Syaroan watched his stream, he was surprised to see another golden stream hitting the grass near him. Loooking up, he blushed. There was Sakura, shorts and panties down, standing like him, sharing a tinkle with him. Sakura looked at him with a gentle, loving gaze and Syaroan felt calmer. He let his gaze fall on Sakura's vagina and tinkling and allowed her to see his penis and peeing. They stood closer, holding hands. "Why don't we write something together?" asked Sakura. She drew half a heart and Syaoran drew the other half, connecting both halves. They finished by writing their intials.

Then Sakura smiled, spraying Syaraon's legs. He smiled and returned the favor. They kept blocking the streams and hitting each other, ending with Syaroan hitting Sakura's vagina, which she enjoyed. Fully relieved, Syaraon pulled on his underwear and shorts. "I'm glad we were able to share such a moment between us," said Sakura. "It means we are truly together." Then she added, "Would you like to help me clean myself?" Syaroan thought, then agreed. "I can lend you my hankerchief," he said. Bending down, he gently wiped the pee drops clinging to Sakura, then helped pull on Sakura's clothes.

Then Sakura grabbed Syaraon and pulled him close. "I never thought I would see a girl stand like that besides Meling," said Syaraon. "You're full of surprises. That's what I love about you."

"I love you too," said Sakura. They looked into each others eyes then became lost in a tight embrace.

Chapter 6: Sakura and Meling

At the park, Meling was looking desperately for a bathroom. As she walked around, she came upon a large tree. She looked around. "I'm by myself," she said. "I'll just go here." Meling stood in front of the tree, lowering her skirt and panties and pulling her folds. She sighed in relief as a strong cascade of pee flowed out of her system, arched, and hit the tree. As Meling looked up, she was surprised to see Sakura nearby."

"Kinomoto-san?" said Meling, caught off guard. Sakura smiled and asked, "Can I join you? I have to go too." Meling said, "If you want."

Sakura stood next to Meling, producing a stream to join Melin's. "You're getting good at this," said Meling, admiring Sakura's standing. "Want to have a little fun?" asked Sakura. "Why don't we see how high we can aim?"

"You're on," said Meling. She aimed higher, hitting a spot well above her. Sakura hit a spot just as high. "Impressive," said Meling. "Let's try for distance next." Each girl kept walking back, pushing their streams farther so they would still hit the tree. They finished with a swordfight, hitting each other with their streams. Afterwards, the two girls spent a nice day together.

Before leaving, they peed again on the grass in a normal position. As they watched the puddles around them grow and spread out, Sakura said, "I did something like this with Sharaon before." Meling, who had long accepted Sakura and Syaraon together, said, "I'm glad you can feel comfortable and have fun together in all kinds of ways."

"Have you ever done this with Syaraon?" asked Sakura. Meling laughed. "Obiviously," she said. "That's what made us so close together. We went outside all the time in Hong Kong. Recently, we had a little fun going off the side of the apartment. Maybe you should try it with him sometime."

"That does sound like fun," said Sakura. "Maybe I'll ask him. We could all do it together with you and Tomoyo-chan joining as well."

"That might be fun," said Meling. "Why don't you and Syaraon try it first, then Daidouji-san and I can join in after?"

"I wouldn't mind another moment with Syaraon," said Sakura. They finished and cleaned up. "Thank you, Meling-chan," said Sakura. "I enjoyed the company with a good friend." They embraced and Sakura went off to meet Syaraon, Meling watching with a smile. "She can have all the fun she wants with him. I'll still be able to have fun with Syaraon as a good friend."

