Girl's peeing off the boat

Author: Brenman

*000*2021-10-11 01:17

Here’s a recounting of a delicious memory of about a dozen close friends peeing together over a span of about 4 to 5 hours on a boat, a small jon boat with one level, meant for about 5 people, no bathroom.

I was 16 at the time, in high school, as was my step-sister Cassie. Cassie was friend’s with a pretty, exchange student from Spain named Sandra. Sandra looked a LOT like the french model named Laura Frisson, in terms both of her thin, sexy frame as well as her pretty face, light caramel skin tone, pert behind…

My buddy John and his dad liked to go fishing on a large lake about twenty minute’s drive from where we lived, and that day, my dad and I decided to join them, as we often did, for this fishing trip. The difference this time, however, was that my sister (step-sister) Cassie decided to join us this time with Sandra towing along, Cassie wanting to show Sandra around the different parts of the state for the first time (Rhode Island), and Sarah having been apparently intrigued by the sound of a day at the lake.

John and I drove together in one car. John’s dad was a CFO of a fairly large company, and had done very well for himself, however, as a family, the Maxwell’s were extremely modest and frugal with their money, and enjoyed simple activities like fishing on the lake, on what was actually a fairly small jon boat. When we pulled up to the lake today, there was my dad and John loading a large, and heavy looking, by the way they struggled, cooler onto the boat. There was an unfamiliar face on the boat today, too, a pretty-faced blonde woman, who looked a lot like Megyn Kelly (American news anchor on Fox News for years) in the face, and she was wearing beige business pants and a navy blue top, looking like she was dressed for work at the office all day long and had come straight here after work.

John parked the car and we got out, approached the boat.

“Hey guys, Sharryl this is my son.” said John’s dad.

“And that’s my son” said my own father, motioning to me.

“Hi, I’m Sharryl, I’m new to town, I work in the same office as your dad.” Sharryl said to John with a big wide smile.

John’s dad was recently divorced, and was on the prowl apparently. John and I stepped onto the boat with our dads and Sharryl. John shook Sharryl’s hand. Sharryl looked about thirty-six (John’s dad was 55) was very pretty, had shoulder length blonde hair, and had a professional vibe about her as she beamed John her brightest smile, shaking his hand. I couldn’t help but notice meanwhile that Sharryl’s pants were quite tight on her lean, fit looking legs, and I couldn’t help but wonder what her behind looked like, and was looking forward to a moment where she hopefully turned around and afforded us a glance.

“I’m Alex” I said, as I shook Sharryl’s hand next.

“Alex, Sharryl, pleased to meet you.” She said. Then it happened, she turned around. Her tight pants clung to her nicely rounded behind. John glanced over at me with BIG eyes, motioning with his eyes to Sharryl, and her nice rear end.

“So tell me what this is all about” she said, turning back to us, looking over her shoulder with a smile. Her butt looked reallyyyy nice, it was so round and fit, yet still womanly, looking a lot like Brianna Love’s nice womanly ass, and her tight beige pants clung to every curve of this woman’s delicious behind.

I quickly looked up. She noticed me staring, but sighed, seemed patient.

“What’s that?” John asked.

“The fisherman’s life! Tell me about it!” Sharryl exclaimed.

“Oh” John started to explain how long he’d been fishing, freshwater vs saltwater, etc, making small talk with his dad and Sharryl. My dad meanwhile asked me.

“Where’s your sister? She was supposed to bring that Spanish student to the lake with us? Oh, nevermind, here they are.”

My sister’s SUV pulled into the lake parking lot. My sister and Sandra out of the car, wearing bikini tops and towels wrapped around their wastes.

“Whoah, didn’t know it was bikini day! Okay!” John’s dad exclaimed.

“It’s a day at the lake, one of the last nice days of the summer, might as well make it count.” said my sister Cassie as the two girls stepped onto the jon boat with us. They took their towels off. A word on Cassie, Cassie was extremely fit and very sexy and had a quite large, but toned, butt that was a lot like the youtuber Vantoee, but I had long ago trained myself against seeing Cassie as sexy, as she was my stepsister and was practically family. But I noticed that John’s dad got a long look at my sister as she removed her towel and showed her full, bikini clad figure.

Sandra removed her towel as well, and there was a brief moment of awkward silence as we all collectively, and individually, stifled a moan at the sight of this slender girl’s micro-bikini. Her bikini bottom was incredibly small, and very tight, it was tight enough to show camel-toe, and seemed inappropriately too small, a micro bikini for sure, her camel-toe proudly displayed this sexy young Spaniard’s beautifully pert pussy lips through her dark green, bikini bottoms. She turned and bent over, looking into the lake with a smile. Her bikini bottoms round tight against her little pussy slit showing up underneath her delicious bottom. Her butt was small, butt perfectly bubbly and sexy, her butt looking like Laura Frisson’s famous butt, as well as her face. Sandra’s spicy Spanish accent was as bubbly and as sexy as her pert behind, this Laura Frisson doppleganger.

Sharryl at once got a very angry look on her face, seeing my sister and Sandra in their bikinis. (Was she threatened? She was hot, but was in her forties, sexy in a milf way, and here were too late teens in bikinis, trapped on the same boat with the boys). Sharryl quickly wiped the sour expression from her face as she introduced herself to the girls.

Soon we were out fishing, laughing, joking, chatting, carousing together on the boat, drinking beers and canned long-island iced teas from the cooler. Our dads were quite cool and allowed us teenagers to drink with them, knowing they’d be hypocrites not to, as they were known for their teenaged party years and had regaled us with dozens of stories by that point of “the good old days”.

John kept eyeballing my sister in her bikini, and got a long hard look at her big round ass every time she turned around. This annoyed me slightly, but what was I to do? John was just a normal guy like any other guy, and Cassie was attractive, after all. Sandra was enjoying her afternoon with us, and her sexy Spanish accent even seemed to infect her laughter. Her glorious smile showed every time she let out her pretty, bellowing laughter, a pretty girl for sure, it a tight, green micro-bikini.

Sharryl meanwhile was enjoying herself, but was trying to keep professional, as she was older than the girls and me and John and was still new to town and to John’s dad’s office, and wanted to keep up composure, in spite of her slowly growing inebriation (she’d had two long island iced teas by now). She told us tales of idiosyncratic court cases she had worked in the past, i.e. a cat lady that murdered her husband and blamed her cats, etc. At some point however, I noticed that Sharryl had gotten quite, her expression looking slightly anxious, restless, and she had taken to allowing her distracted gaze to drift out to the shore of the lake, as if longing to return…

Sharryl was periodically shifting her weight back and forth between her two long, beige pant suit panted legs, and was subtly, but rapidly bouncing her thigh as she switched back and forth between legs. Her expression looking tense, I could tell that the iced teas had caught up to Sharryl and that she needed to pee and let the tea back out, but where?! She was stuck on the boat! No bathroom! Just the lake, that gently murmuring, rippling water surrounding this poor woman in all directions.

The time passed, another forty minutes now, and Sharryl’s quivering thigh bouncing had increased in it’s speed and urgency. Nobody but me seemed to notice, however, and I genuinely felt bad for Sharryl as I watched her struggle to maintain her composure of relaxed yet professional engagement with my dad and John’s dad’s conversation. Sharryl had her arms folded across her chest, and she had to force a smile on her verrrry anxious looking face as she talked with the dads. Right leg, left leg, cross legs over here, curtsy there, but never let the men know she desperately needed to urinate, that seemed to be the name of the game written across Sharryl’s pained-looking face. A bead of sweat streamed from her forehead. Her leg muscles were tensing tightly, and she kept kept kept glancing longingly at the forested shore of the lake, as if dying to somehow leap the ten meters distance so that she could urgently dive behind a tree, remove her tight dress pants, and finally let loose.

Sharryl needed to PEE, but she was new to town, trapped on a boat, wanted to impress everyone and maintain her professional status, and so was determined to keep a forced smile on her face and try try try to focus on what the two adult men were talking to her about, but she looked genuinely nervous, nearly frantic as she silently and subtly quivered with the need to piss. We had been on the boat for just over two hours and fifteen minutes now, not a short time for a slim woman’s bladder. Sharryl had stepped out of her shoes on the boat, and I saw her toes curling so tightly they were turning white, such was this woman’s desperate struggle to hold her bladder’s contents.

I was so distracted watching Sharryl’s silent suffering that I hadn’t noticed Cassie’s, as when I finally decided to look away from the poor, suffering Sharryl, I noticed that Cassie was sitting down on the edge of the boat, had her legs crossed over one another, and her top leg was actually bouncing with considerable vigor. Cassie also had an anxious expression on her face, and definitely needed to pee! but looked determined to keep herself distracted with what John was talking to her about, as he flirted with Cassie and fished at the same time, trying to show off his fishing techniques.

At some point, my dad opened another beer, and it fizzled, frothed, and foamed over the edge of the bottle, the carbonation having gotten shaken up somehow, as the majority spilled onto the boat’s floor.

“Ohhh” Sharryl quietly whimpered with a strained-sounding voice, sounding like a desperate little girl, this late thirties woman, as her hands shot down to the sides of her pant suit pants, gripping the fabric tightly.

Cassie also shot up from her seat on the side of the boat, standing as her gaze was locked onto the foaming yellow liquid on the floor of the boat, looking a lot like a puddle of piss, something these two women were trying to keep off of their minds. Cassie quickly turned away and looked off at the shore of the lake, her legs straightening, fighting, shaking. Cassie sighed in frustration for a moment as she bounced on the spot, but didn’t say anything.

Sharryl meanwhile had taken to pacing in small circles on her side of the boat. She couldn’t stand still for a moment, and her beautiful butt cheeks quivered under tight beige fabric as her body tensed and shook with the effort Sharryl was making NOT to pee. My and John’s drunken dad didn’t even seem to notice this poor woman’s plight. My dad held what was left of his spilled beer out for Sharryl.

“Here, Sharryl, finish it off.” He stuck the bottle out into Sharryl’s face, practically, the glass bottle still DRIPPING. Sharryl let out a subtle “ughh” between desperately hanging open lips, her eyebrows furrowing with worry in her eyes as she struggled to make her hand grab the dripping bottle. Sharryl quickly chugged the remaining third of the beer, left in the bottle, as if giving herself no time to rethink the move. How could she take in MORE beer?! This woman’s vagina was about to BLAST OFF, given her shaky, bodily antics. She was walking in place here, tensing her thighs there, tensing her beautifully round, womanly buttocks, breathing loudly through her teeth, gazing at the shore, the trees, so close and yet so far away…

I was developing the need to pee by now too, we’d been on this boat for almost three hours now, and magically nobody had peed yet. Nobody had even mentioned needing the bathroom yet. I began to wonder how the pretty young Spaniard girl Sandra was holding up, she’d been drinking just as much after all. I noticed that she was balanced on one leg, was moving up and down slightly, and that her slim stomach looked MUCH more rounded now. She had a slightly frustrated expression on her face, too. This was totally unfair, I thought. None of these females had been warned about the endurance and patience of a seasoned fisherman, and John just kept his gaze out on his fishing line as he waited and waited for a bite. My and his father watched the line for long periods of time, too.

Cassie was smiling and enjoying the fishing show too, as John displayed his casting skills, but still, at low moments where not a whole lot was happening, she would step from foot to foot, and I was having a hard time not noticing my step-sister’s large, shaking, bikini-clad ass as she quivered and shook her weight from foot to foot. Sandra sighed in seeming anger as she kept her focused gaze on the water and on John’s fishing line. “Atta boy, John, we’ll get a bite, don’t worry.” his dad said. Cassie’s breathing was growing louder, huffier and puffier, as she was continuously letting out frustrated sounding sighs, and she had taken to crossing her legs too, keeping her arms folded across her chest. Sandra sighed frustrated sounding sighs from time to time too as she rested her weight on her left leg, now her right, leg, now her left, now her right. I looked down. Sandra’s toes were curling beside my sister’s curling toes.

I looked back over to Sharryl, she behind everyone, leaning on the edge of the boat, her legs were crossed tightly, her face hotly flushed a rosy red color, and she breathed loudly through clenched teeth, looking with strain in her eyes at the shore as she turned longingly over her shoulder to the woods on the land. This was so not fair for her, and so not cool for her, she was new to town, new to the office, was professionally dressed in tight beige pants and stylish professional navy blue top, and wanted to make a good impression, especially on John’s dad, and here she was longing to pull her pants down and PISS off the edge of the boat into the water, but couldn’t very well do that in front of several teenagers, could she? Not the professional type of woman she was, but boy oh boy did Sharrly need to pee, badly.

Cassie beside me meanwhile, couldn’t stand still on one leg. Sandra had her dark, thick Spanish eyebrows furrowed in focus as her toes curled tightly and her thin thighs contracted and relaxed, contracted and relaxed, stepped in place subtly between her two feet, toes curling again when she stood in place on her thin, toned legs. Sandra’s buttcheeks were quivering slightly under the edge of her tight green micro-bikini, and I had grown a hard, massive erection in my shorts as I watched these desperate women’s silent, suffering, frantic antics.

Suddenly, a precursor! An icebreaker! A release of tension! At three hours and fifteen minutes of endurance, finally, somebody, John, backed up from the boat’s edge, “take this real quick, sorry guys gotta do this” said John, very casually as he handed me the fishing rod. He proceeded, with casually grace, to reach down and remove himself from his pants as he stepped back up to the boat’s edge, cock in hand, and began pissing…LOUDLY into the water.

“Oh!” Sharryl exclaimed as her hand quickly flew to her crotch, giving it a tight squeeze before quickly her hand away, stepping rapidly from foot to foot, nobody noticing however, as they were distracted with.

“Oh my god!” Cassie exclaimed as she grabbed her crotch with her right hand and kept it there, as she stepped frantically from foot to foot. “Not cool, John. Oh goddddd” Cassie desperately whimpered, squeezing her bikini-clad pussy with real strength, a desperate gesture. Meanwhle Sandra was grabbing the sides of her bikini bottoms, as if ready to pull them down, as she backed up towards the edge of the boat.

“Whoah, what are you doing Sandra?” asked John’s dad.

“I need to pee too”, she said. Sharryl’s face winced at the word, pee. She scrunched up her face, turned away from the group, her right hand moving towards her crotch, giving it a brief, tight squeeze through her pants, her gloriously round ass shaking with the tense, frantic movements of her legs.

“Yeah so do I.” said Cassie, letting go of her crotch, her face blushing red.

“Well surely you girls can wait til we’re back to shore, you're grown ups.” said my dad with a chuckle. “It’s different for guys, we can face away and let loose, for a girl it’s totally inappropriate just cause of how God made us. John’s dad laughed hearing this.

Cassie sighed in frustration, relegated to holding it, accepting her fate of waiting desperately for their return to shore, to their car, to the drive home, finally yanking her bikini bottoms down as she sits her big round ass on the toilet seat.

“Okay, well I do not see that as fair” Sandra protested in her sexy Spanish accent. “And besides, if we’re all adults here, than I don’t see why we can’t grow up and accept that girls pee, too. Seems immature to me”

“Well, first she wants to show up in a swim suit and now she wants to take it off? Well okay then everyone turn around and let her go.” John’s dad said.

Sandra looked angrily at John’s dad at this comment.

“Okay, well it could have just been a matter of fact type of thing, that girls pee too, and now you’ve gone and made a big deal out of nothing.” Sandra said as she stepped back and forth from foot to foot, crossing her arms over her chest. Her camel-toe was tensing under this Spaniard’s tight bikini as her vagina fought back the flood of urine. “It’s been more than three hours, and eventually girls need to pee, and it’s inconsiderate of you to keep us girls here, no bathroom, and then prevent us from peeing, but if it has to made into a big deal, which is very American, than I guess I can hold it.” Sandra said. Sharryl was still holding herself, but let go of herself now, turning back to the group.

Sandra looked back out over the water. Her toes curled inward. Cassie moaned in frustration, removing her hands from her crotch.

“No, actually, I’m doing this, in my country when we need to pee we need to pee, and I won’t be controlled like a pet. I’m sorry, but I need to pee right now, and we’ve all been to sex ed and I frankly don't care if your American eyes see me or not” Sandra backed up to the edge of the boat and peeled down her tight bikini bottoms in one motion before everybody. Everyone’s eyes were immediately drawn, in spite of ourselves, to this beautiful young Spaniard’s tight, tiny little pussy, shaved bare, save for a landing strip of pubic hair that ran along her swollen bladder’s caramel skin to her beautiful, young woman’s, wet, bulging little slit as she slid her round, teenaged little butt off the boats corner railing and let out a satisfying sigh of relief as…

PISS SPLASHING into the WATER. “Oh, que rico.” Sandra uttered as she peed noisily into the water below her tight round ass, holding the rail with her hands for support.

The loud splashing was apparently too much for Cassie, however, as,

“Oh my god I have to pee so badly, Im sorry, I cant wait!” Cassie moaned aloud as she quickly rushed to the railing closest to her, between Sandra and myself, but as this was not the corner, Cassie struggled to find a pattern of footing that allowed her to balance herself.

“Oh god!” she exclaimed. She couldn’t balance off the side and was too embarrassed to pull her bottoms down until she was confidently positioned with her butt over the edge of the boat, but she needed the corner. She was frantically trying to find a position where she could balance, but couldn’t. She frantically stuck her hand out towards me.

“Alex! Please!” Cassie yelled shaking her hand out at me. “Help me balance!” I grabbed my sister’s hand and held her bodyweight balanced towards me so that she could sit over the edge of the boat and balance. Her hand tensely, tightly grabbed mine as Cassie fought to balance in a seated position, and once balanced she whimpered loudly with a childlike, strained voice, as her other hand struggled to pull her bikini bottoms to the side of her vagina, forgetting that her bikini was still on. Her free hand fought to pull her tight bikini away to the side as I got an eyeful of my step-sisters, puffy pink pussy as her hand fought to pull her bikini to the side.

Her pussy finally free, my sister starts pissing a TORRENT into the water below. Cassie’s hand tensed and relaxed in perfect unison with her sighs of relief and the vibrations of her slowly deflating, female bladder. It was as if she was guiding me through an educational tutorial on the exact capacity, milliliter by milliliter as she emptied her bladder into the water below, her hand muscles in harmonious muscle contraction with her bladder contractions, pushing out Cassie’s piss.

My sister kept her eyes closed and her mouth hanging open, loudly exhaling “Ahhhhhhhh”s and “Oh god”s with utter relief, as I held her hand tightly to keep my dear sister balanced. Sandra was also letting out lots of sexy, Spanish sounds “oooooh”s as she voided her bladder’s contents into the water, squatting just beside Cassie with her eyes closed. I looked down at these two girls, doing their thing, two tight, pissing pussies, one a tan Spanish one with a landing strip, and Cassie’s a pale Anlgo-Saxon pink pussy, bikini still held tightly to the side with her free hand, with a slight bush. My sister’s hand gripped mine tightly for support. It was incredibly erotic, feeling my sister’s hand tense and relax as she peed, her grip gradually becoming looser and more restful as she was nearing the end of her long held piss. Cassie opened her eyes, looked into mine, just laughed at the ridiculousness of the situation. “Thank you” she said to me, still peeing noisily. “God, I had to pee”.

Sharryl meanwhile was staring longingly at these two pissing, teenaged girls with sheer envy and longing in her eyes. Her legs tense, she again turned away from the group and clutched her crotch tightly. She needed to pee, and it was so not fair that she was expected to hold it while these two girls peed loudly into the lake, moaning with relief.

Sandra finished peeing first finally, and pulled herself back onto the boat before, slowly, meticulously reapplying her bikini bottom, with care and attention to detail, back over her tight, bare pussy, and around her hips. “So much better” Sandra said.

And just as my sister finished peeing and let her bikini snap back over her pussy, my dad and John, cruelly began pissing off the edge of the boat. “well tis the season, I guess!” one of them quipped before we all laughed.

“Oh God!” Sharryl whimpered quietly. She looked like she was about to cry, her breathing was pained and panicky, and she kept bringing her legs across her abdomen, before switching legs and doing the same. Sharryl so desperately needed to urinate, and I watched this milt’s gorgeous round ass bounce as she stepped in place whenever no one was looking.

Sandra grabbed another beer from the cooler and cracked it open.

Suddenly, her hands grabbed the side of her pants, was Sharryl finally gonna do it? Pull down her pants and pee? Part of me was hoping she would, she deserved the relief after holding it so long. She let go of her pants however, clearly reconsidering. She was a grown woman, she could hold it.

“You guys don’t need to pee? Alex?” my dad asked me.

“Im good” I lied. I could still hold on, and I somehow oddly felt like I should for empathy for Sharryl, somehow.

“Sharryl?” my dad asked.

“What?” whimpered Sharryl, springing up, forcing a plastered smile on her face as she addressed my dad.

“Do you need to pee?” asked my dad. Point blank, what an embarrassing question!

“Im fine.” Sharryl said through fake-smiling teeth. My dad grabbed the fishing rod, “let me have a spin” he said, as he cast the line out, John’s relieved dad watching beside him, starting to make small talk about rubber bait vs live bait or something or another.

No you’re not, I thought to myself about Sharryl, desperately holding in her pee. Still needing to pee somewhat urgently, Im going to make this interesting, I thought to myself.

I approached Sharryl from across the boat, deciding now, of all times, was my chance to make small talk with this Megyn Kelly lookalike woman who currently desperately needed to PISS like a goddamn RACEHORSE. She had her fingers inside the sides of her pants again. She was gonna do it, pull her pants down and finally peeeeeee, but then she caught me glance, saw me approaching her with a smile, she quickly let go of her pants.

“So you’re new to town?” I asked with a smile.

Sharryl looked longingly into my eyes, with pain in hers. She just wanted to pee, this wasn’t fair. She started stepping subtly from foot to foot as she locked her eye’s gaze with mine.

“Yes, just a couple of weeks ago.” Sharryl said, looking for a moment over to the shore anxiously. Her stepping was subtle and her hands rested beside her thighs. She clearly wanted to grab herself but prevented herself from doing that in front of me.

“You must work a lot, in court and out of court, with your clients, right? What do you like so much about a lawyer?” I asked, feigning ignorance about Sharryl’s desperate plight.

“Well, I’ve always been good at arguing.” her voice was trailing up at the end of her sentences, sounding anxious. “and so I said, why not do it for a living?” her voice was strained, sounding like a desperate schoolgirl who needed to piss, and she was breathing loudly through clenched teeth in between talking. She couldn’t stand still either. She grabbed her pants at the sides again, ready to pull them down, but she quickly pulled her hands away again. She was trying not to show that she needed to piss like a racehorse, but was failing to conceal her need.

“And sometimes you just wanna let loose, right?” I asked.

“Uhhhh” Sharryl moaned at the words “let loose”, and grabbed me by the shoulders, tightly.

“I’m sorry” she said, letting go, stepping from foot to foot as she reached down and squeezed herself tightly at the crotch for a loooong moment. She looked into my eyes, and I was taken aback by what I saw. “Please” she said, “I, I don’t want to do it in front of them, but I’ve never needed to pee so badly in my life. I don't know what to do.” she whispered quietly to me as she looked directly into my eyes, her desperate gaze locking with mine as she squeezed her crotch with one hand her other hand floating and tensing nearby her crotch. I looked at this damsel in distress, this beautiful blonde professional lawyer lady who’d been forced into this embarrassing situation in her work clothes. She looked so hot, but so distressed, I wanted to lean in and kiss her, but instead, I leaned in and whispered the only thing I could think to say in this heated, erotic moment,

“You’re not alone, do it with me.” I said as directly in front of her, no one else paying attention, I reached down and removed by throbbing cock from my pants. In the heat of that moment, I acted with animalistic lust for this professional lady as with one quick, sweeping motion, I grabbed her free hand and forced it over into my cock making her hand touch it! With quick surprise in her eyes, not knowing fully what she was doing, she hand did what any female’s hand would naturally in that second with an aroused male directly before her. She squeezed my hard cock with her free hand for a second, feeling the girth, feeling the veins, feeling the hardness, before quickly letting go as I shoved her hand away, lest we be caught in this outrageous act, as I aimed myself off the boat’s railing and let loose, I started peeing and peeing into the water.

“I cant wait!” Sharrl yelled loudly, yanking her pants down. This woman’s butt was incredibly nice, naked. She perched over the edge of the boat, but like Cassie;s predicament earlier, Sharryl couldn’t find her balance.

“Whoah! Sharryl! What are you doing?!” exclaimed John’s dad as he saw Sharryl with her pants pulled down, her blonde bush on display now in front of several teenagers and two grown men, all the while I stood beside her emptying my full bladder loudly into the lake.. Professionalism had evaporated from Sharryl’s tone now.

“I have to pee goddamnit!” Sharyl cried in shame and frustration as she struggled to find her footing and her balance with her beige pant suit pants and panties pulled down around her knees, a third vagina on display this afternoon.

“aghh!” She yelled. She didn’t know what to do, the railing and height of this boat made it nearly impossible for a woman to balance on the edge with he butt far enough out to successfully pee. Cassie had struggled earlier, and now Sharryl’s blonde haired pussy was starting to leak as her face was inflamed with blushing, red, embarrassment. Everyone turned away from Sharryl’s struggle, not quite believing it.

“Please help me!” she pleaded with me as I continued peeing, cock in hand.

“How?!” I asked, not knowing what to do, but before she or I could say another word, she grabbed me with her hands on my back, just below my shoulder blades and attempted to use my body for balance support, however this meant she had to center herself in front of me for real balance and so without asking, without knowing what else to do, and me not knowing what to say, Sharryl quickly centered herself in front of me, her hands gripping my back for support, as my torrent of urine continued streaming below her and below the railing, into the water below. Directly in front of me, her gaze meeting mine, still clutching my back to hold herself balanced over the railing’s edge, and so having no free hands to hold herself Sharryl whimpered the shaky, high-pitched whimper of a little girl, as her blonde pussy issued a rocket-ship-like TORRENT of hot, girl pee, just below her pulled down pants, STRAIGHT ONTO MY HARD, PISSING COCK!

“Oh god, I’m sorry!” Sharryl whimpered as she continued to PISS UNCONTROLLABLY right onto my dick! her urine splashing off of my engorged shaft for like THREE SECONDS! It took every ounce of strength I had not to grab this woman behind her back and pull her tight, pissing cunt right onto my hardened shaft.

But Sharryl quickly shimmied her butt over the railing as her stream SPLASHED against mine, creating a cascading wall of urine that splashed into the water below.

“WHOAH! What’s going on with the two of you?!!!” My dad yelled, as everyone turned and saw the sight of Sharrly holding me on both sides behind my back, both of us peeing in loud harmony with each other.

“I couldn’t hold it, and I couldn’t balance” was all Sharryl managed to say, looking back over my shoulders at a bunch of appalled looking eyeballs. “I’m sorry, it just feels so good to be peeing. Please give me a minute to finish” Sharryl said, closing her eyes. I looked down at this woman’s pissing pussy, a firehose-like torrent escaping from her blonde-haired slit. I so so so badly wanted to just plunge straight forward and upward and shove my hardened cock into Sharryl, but that was just teenaged hormonal lust whispering dirty impulses to my brain. Sharryl’s grip on my back tightened and softened as this lady peed and peed. Her vagina was beautiful and so was her face, her mouth hanging wide open, letting out her long restrained, “AHHHHHHH”s and later, towards the end of her blissful peeing a “so much better”.

“Well I couldn’t balance, either, I know how she feels” said Cassie, and everyone burst out laughing with comic relief.

There came a moment where I was done peeing, but Sharryl was still going steady, still holding me for balance. Her hands were slowly slipping from my back, however. She opened her eyes and looked at me as I grabbed myself. Her eyes went down to my penis unabashedly as I struggled to tuck my hardened member into my pants. Sharryl was still peeing. “Please grab me” she whispered, her grip slipping more. I grabbed Sharryl’s arms, holding her balanced, her grip on my back relaxing now as she continued to pee into the water. This woman really had to go, I thought. Her blonde pussy just kept pissing. She looked me in the eyes again.

“Thank you.” She said, now looking a little bit ashamed, as her relief brought back her awareness of where she was and what she was doing. No one else seemed to care any more, but she laughed as her gaze met mine again. “I really needed to pee, thank you for helping me” she chuckled as I continued to hold this woman balanced over the railing. Finally her stream trailed off to a trickle for another ten-fifteen seconds, before dying off. “Pull me in” she said, as I pulled her back in from over the water, her shimmying her buttcheecks forward on the rail.

Just when I thought the whole episode was over, still incredibly turned on, she said “Thank you” once more, pulled her underwear and pants back up and brought her lips to my ear.

“Gorgeous cock” she whispered very quietly as she walked past me to join the others again after her embarrassing ordeal. She and I didn’t acknowledge anything erotic or unusual between each other for the rest of the fishing trip, though, and now that we had all peed, everyone was much more relaxed.

Finally we went back to shore after another half hour or so. I saw Sharryl once or twice more with John’s dad after that, but we again never acknowledged anything about that fateful fishing outing. Soon she stopped dating John’s dad and that was it for me ever seeing her again, but I still enjoy a good self-sufficiency session remembering these gorgeous bursting ladies, and especially the feeling of having a woman in her thirties forced, by circumstance to PISS onto my hardened, teenaged cock. What a day it was to remember.

