Princess Peach's Pee Accident - A Super Mario Omorashi

Author: p0ptartcat

*000*2011-11-28 17:36

Princess Peach glided through the halls of the castle. Many Toads glanced at her as she walked past. *Authors note: If you didn't know already, Toads are mushroom people. Look it up.* They didn't really know why she was doing this. Peach usually walked slowly and daintily, not quickly. The truth was that she needed to use a restroom. She had spent most of the day in the throne room, discussing the Mushroom Kingdom's defence against Bowser's army, that she hadn't had a chance to go to the toilet. The closest toilet was in her bedroom, but that was in one of the towers, so she would have to travel up many flights of stairs.

Finally she reached her bedroom. She was very tired after climbing the stairs up the tower, but at least she had got to the top. Peach lifted up her dress and was about to pull down her pink panties when a sudden rumble shook the castle. A cannon ball destroyed the wall of Peach's bedroom. She realised that the desperation to escape was more than the desperation to pee. She ran out of the bathroom door, only to be greeted by Bowser's Doom Ship.

"This time, you shall be mine!" Bowser said with excitement.

"No," said an Italian voice.

It was Mario.

"Get her!"

Paratroopers flew into the room. Peach tries to run, but the Paratroopers caught her first. Mario was about to fight them, when some more Paratroopers flew in and started attacking him.

"Mario!" Peach screamed, but it was too late. She was already halfway to the Doom Ship. Many Toads ran out and screamed. Some tried throwing stones at the Paratroopers, but with no success.

"Lock her up!" Bowser ordered to his minions. Before you could say 'mushroom', Peach was locked in a cell, with a Koopa guarding the door.

"You'll never get away with this. Mario will come, he always does!"

"He won't with the place we're taking you. I've upgraded my castle with so many booby traps, some of the guards have been killed by them."

Bowser then walked off, leaving Peach with not much hope.

"I know he'll be able to save me. He always does," Peach thought to herself. She was so wrapped up in this situation, she forgot about her bladder. She decided she would ask a guard if she could go to the toilet.

"Excuse me, but I need to use a restroom, can you guide me to one please?"

The guard sighed and said, "we have a strict rule, no prisoner may use the restroom. They could easily escape."

"But there's no where to go on here!"

"Rules are rules. You're staying right where you are for now."

Peach retreated further into her cell, realising she had lost. Her bladder was starting to ache a bit more now. She realised she would have to wait it out until she either got to the castle, they should have a toilet in her cell, or Mario saved her.

The Doom Ship landed right outside Bowser's castle. Peach was escorted out of her cell. She was going to ask to use the toilet but she decided against it.

Once she was out of the Doom Ship, she was greeted by a giant wall, with and even taller tower hovering above it.

Inside her cell, there was no bathroom, which made Peach gasp. She decided to ask the guard. Hopefully he would be a bit nicer.

"Excuse me, but I really have to use the loo, please can you escort me to the nearest one?"

"Haven't I already told you? We have a strict rule here!"

"Oh, sorry, I didn't realise you were the same guard as earlier."

"What? We don't all look the same do we!"

"Um," Peach didn't know what to say. They really did look the same after all.

"Look, if you really want to go, just squat in a corner of your cell and go there."

She was uncomfortable hearing this. She didn't want to squat. She was a princess, that wasn't what princess' do. And anyway, there were too many guards around.

Peach tried to get some sleep but she couldn't because of the growing pain in her bladder. She was really starting to get desperate. She crossed her legs, but this didn't help. She fired her hand into her crotch, trying to hold back her pee.

A spurt leaked into Peach's panties. The warm liquid tickled her legs. She held on even tighter, only for another spurt to come out and dribble down her legs and onto the floor. She really didn't think she would be able to hold on, but hope was granted to her when she heard someone yell, "Mario! He's here inside the castle!" The guard ran off, determined to stop Mario from rescuing his prisoner. Peach had forgotten about her bladder, but another spurt exited her urethra and soaked into her pink panties.

"No! I must wait for Mario to rescue me. I need to hold on, but there is so much to hold."

Peach could see Mario's battle with the Koopa's through a window. It was looking bad, until Mario hit a power-up block and a fire flower bounced out. Mario burned the Koopa's with flames, however a Lakitu dropped a spiked shell on him, taking away his power up. Mario hit another power-up block, and smiled as a power star jumped out. He grabbed it and then charged through the swarm of Koopa's, blasting all of them up, smashing through the ceiling and up into the sky. Peach was so amazed by Mario's perseverance, that she had yet again forgotten about her bladder. A much longer spurt leaked into her panties and down her leg. She jammed her hand into her crotch, praying to the Mushroom God that Mario would rescue her in time to be able to take her to the bathroom.

Mario charged through the castle hallways, fighting Goomba's and narrowly avoiding arrows being shot out of the walls. He darted through the arrow chamber, but when he stopped to catch hos breath, a large spiked pole dropped out of the ceiling. The pole missed him by a nanometre. Mario darted through the remaining hallways, only to be greeted by the guard who was previously outside Peach's cell. Mario was about to squish him when he pulled out a mini-cannon. It fired a Bullet Bill, but Mario jumped over it. He snatched the cannon off the guard and then fired it at him, blowing the Koopa away into a pit of lava. Mario jumped over the pit and ran across a bridge, only to be greeted by Bowser.

"How did you make it through the castle? I upgraded its defence significantly."

"My determination helped me."

"I'll stop you now."

Bowser started throwing hammers at Mario. Mario ducked underneath them and jumped over Bowser. Mario tore off the axe that was attached to the suit of armour on display and cut the chain off its hinges, plunging Bowser into the lava.

Mario ran to the guards office and took the keyring that had the key for every cell on it and labelled.

"Hurry up!" Peach thought to herself as she caressed her damp panties. She was still holding her pee, although some of it had escaped.

"Peach! It's-a-me, Mario!"

Peach's emotions were instantly lifted as she saw Mario's face. Mario fumbled with the keys, trying to find the right key for her cell. He was taking to long.

"Hurry up! I really need to pee! I can't hold it in for much longer!"

Another spurt dribbled into her panties, this one being the longest yet. Peach groaned as Mario searched the keys.

"Found it!" he finally said. Mario unlocked the door and let Peach out, only for another dribble to leak down Peach's leg. Mario noticed this (which made Peach's face turn bright red) and said, "you must really need to go. I saw a toilet on the way here. You should be able to make it."

"I don't think I can. There is too much to hold. I haven't been since I woke up this morning."

Mario took her hand and dashed through the corridor's. Peach jammed her remaining hand into her crotch.

"Aahh," she screamed as another dribble escaped her urethra and ran down her leg.

"Nearly there," Mario said.

"There is too much! No, I can't hold it anymore!"

Peach screamed as her floodgates opened and urine streamed into her panties and down her legs, creating a large puddle underneath her. She blushed as Mario stared at her soaked dress. Peach then dashed down the hallway crying and ran into the bathroom.

Inside the bathroom, Peach just sat on the toilet basin and peed a little bit more through her pink dress. Most of it stayed in her panties, but some of it went into the toilet. Peach continued to cry as she peed a bit more, making her pink panties soft, wet and warm.

After about 10 minutes of sitting on the basin (and peeing a bit more), Peach finally unlocked the door to her cubicle and looked at herself in the mirror. She could see a massive damp patch on her dress, and she dreaded to imagine what her panties looked like.

In disgust, she slipped her panties down her legs, pinching them with 2 fingers. They felt soggy and warm in her fingers. She slipped them off and stared at them. They dripped a bit. Just by looking at them, Peach released another spurt of urine, even though she felt no need to go. She put them in her side pocket, creating a damp spot by her pocket, but Peach didn't care. She walked straight out off the bathroom, wet and with no panties on.

Outside the castle, mario planted explosives around the castle and then detonated them.

"People are going to notice me. My dress is so wet, it can be seen a mile off."

"Don't worry," Mario replied, "they will dry off in the sun."

Peach smiled as both of them walked away from the remains of Bowser's castle.

*002*2011-11-29 16:50

{{: 

I think this was a good story, I enjoyed reading it. I do believe it could have had a bit more detail though...everything was happening so quickly, I could tell you were pretty excited to write it. I don't blame you. In a desperate situation it's hard to take things slow xD lol. Other than that it wad a fun read, thanks for sharing.

}}

Yeah, looking back on the story's, they do seem kinda rushed. I plan on writing a series soon, so I'll put more detail into that. Also in my upcoming fics, I will. Thanks for the advice and support!

*008*2011-12-07 16:34

Thank-you all for the praise :).

Apostrophes have always been a problem for me in my writing, so thanks for the tip. Please look at my other stories, I plan on writing a lot more.

*010*2011-12-16 21:57

{{: 

When I fitst saw the topic I thought there was no way that I would find this even mildly erotic. But you proved me wrong >////////>

}}

Hahah :)

*012*2012-01-19 23:05

{{: 

I'm kinda jealous. I could never make a story as good as the ones you make ^.^'

}}

Thank-you for saying that, it really means a lot to me :)

*014*2012-02-09 17:26

Thanks!

