Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 3

Author: omobecca

*045*2019-11-07 03:31

Tom: "See you later then?"

Lula: "Maybe"

Tom: "I'll wait x"

Lula was ready for the day. Se had built herself up all night and was prepared for any and all piss taking. She was ready for a day of pointing, laughing, name calling, and bullying. She was ready for Charlotte getting other people against her. Today would determine how things would be at least until Christmas. She knew she had Rosie to support her. Was that enough? She'd got some nice comments before the post had been taken down but she knew she was going into the unknown.

She wanted to leave no opportunity for further comments to be made. She had on black knickers, just in case, and her thickest black tights. She peed before leaving the house. She remembered thinking to herself Huh. Peeing like a normal person.

As usual her Mum dropped her off outside the school on the way to work. Her Mum had attempted a pep talk but had been awkwardly avoiding Lula since telling Charlotte's Mum what had happened after the party. She felt guilty. She felt responsible for her daughter's abuse and tried to make amends by being overly nice. Lula recognised this and appreciated her Mum's attempts but tried not to mention or notice the overly nice behaviour.

Lula waved her Mum away and tried to confidently walk through the school gates. She was nervous but she was ready.

"How's my favourite person?"

Lula turned to see Rosie playfully hop towards her from behind a few small Year 7's. Rosie put her hands on Lula's shoulders.

"You okay?"

"Yeah. I'm ready"

"Ready to pay me for my therapeutic support?"

Lula tilted her head and smirked. Rosie smirked back.

"Thank you" Lula's voice broke slightly as she tried not to shed a tear.

Rosie gripped at Lula's shoulders then let go.

"I've been listening since I got here. I think you'll find people are not talking about you. EVEN Lottie's slutty friends"

"Oh so you're an investigator now?"

"Another service you should start paying me for" The two girls started to walk down through the school grounds. The main route through the school was a dark grey brick style pavement. The entrance where they met was open and the pavement was enclosed by a wood chipping border on the inside of the fence. Waist high bushes dotted the wood chippings. On the right of the entrance was a large, smart looking sign showing the school's name. The name of the school was always lit by multicoloured lights which were installed last year in support of equality.

The girls walked underneath the corridor that linked the maths and English blocks. Rosie grasped one of the dark blue pillars holding up the corridor and spun gracefully spun around. Lula stopped and stared.

"You're in a good mood?" she questioned.

"Because there's nothing to worry about" Rosie smiled back. Lula was starting to realise what was going on. Rosie was literally acting carefree to support her friend. She really was a lovely person. Lula didn't want to act like she'd noticed though. She really did appreciate it though.

Past the pillars was an open square with another bed of bushes in the middle. Benches surrounded the centrepiece.

"Lula!"

That was Beth's voice. Shit. Here we go.

Beth ran round some students and hugged Lula. That was expected.

"I'm SO sorry. I was just going along... I didn't realise what she'd... I didn't... He was... Sorry" She sniffled over Lula's shoulder.

"For real?" Lula asked with caution. This wasn't the first time Beth had tagged along with Charlotte's antics.

"Seriously. I didn't message you all week because I felt bad for being a shitty person. Steve too.. I..."

"Don't... It's okay" Lula but in. Beth squeezed Lula and let go.

"I've got to get to form, see you later?" Beth said smiling and raising her eyebrows invitingly. She then walked off.

Lula turned to face Rosie. She had a huge grin on her face. Lula squinted at her.

"You. Worry. Too. Much" Rosie poked at Lula with each word. "I've got to go to form, see you later?" Rosie mocked Beth's voice and almost skipped away.

Lula stood there overwhelmed. Her face flinched slightly as she tried to recall what had just happened. Had Rosie... sorted this out? Spoken to people? Helped defend her? Surely not? Hmmmm.

Whilst sat in her form room Lula received no comments. No strange looks. No laughter. The tutor read the register and it was her form's day for assembly. Even walking into the school hall she received no strange looks and no points. She scanned the room trying to find at least one person looking at her maliciously. Nothing. Lula was confused. She hadn't prepared to be... ignored? Like nothing happened? She was filling with a weird form of relief. A relief that left her not having to worry about cleaning up. Strangely, that's the only comparison she could think of.

Her first two lessons were uneventful. History followed by art. No comments followed by lack of name calling. Lula was feeling like Rosie was right. Maybe I do worry too much? Should I be less up tight? How can she be so bubbly?

The two girls reunited at break time. Lula couldn't resist.

"What have you done?" she asked straight up.

"OKAY you got me. God. I'm sorry. YES it WAS me. I forgot about ONE book and the librarian puts up all those posters. I'm to blame. Sorry Lule's"

Lula stood there in silence and blinked a few times. Rosie gave a cheeky grin after over-exaggerating her hand movements whilst speaking.

"No... no I mean..." Lula started to shake her head. Rosie leaned in.

"I told you. You worry too much"

"But have you..."

Rosie grabbed Lula's shoulders again.

"Untense, girl" Rosie ordered.

"What?" asked Lula looked left and right at Rosie's hands.

"Relax for God's sake" Rosie's hands lowered slightly as Lula relaxed her shoulders.

"Good" Rosie let go of Lula's shoulders and flicked at her chin. "Look up a bit" she ordered again.

Lula lifted her head slightly and was now looking at the top of Rosie's head.

"Deep breath, go"

Lula took a deep breath.

"Hold it"

Lula held her breath.

"And out"

Rosie slapped at Lula's left shoulder.

"Untense!"

Lula relaxed again and lowered her eyebrows at Rosie's hand.

"Good. Deep breath again"

Lula complied.

"Have you ever thought... that people actually like you because you're not a bitch?" Rosie asked.

Lula didn't know how to respond. She suddenly felt more relaxed than before and couldn't quickly think of a response.

"Because... you're not. And other people are. But you're not. Something happened. People found out. People don't care. Look" Rosie said, looking left and right herself.

"People are doing their own thing. They like you, but don't care about you. What happened last week is old news. They don't care"

Lula was looking around dumbfounded.

"I have a problem. You had... have?" Rosie raised an eyebrow, "Had a problem"

"I've accepted mine. I can live with it. Can you live with yours?" she asked.

"I..."

"I'll take that as a yes" Rosie smiled.

"There is one person who does care though" Rosie claimed.

"You?" Lula asked.

"No I hate you" Rosie joked. "But Spider-Man hasn't taken his eyes off you since he got in the canteen queue"

Lula felt flushed and spun around to look at the queue. Rosie was right. Even as Tom was buying his food he kept peeking over. They had arranged to meet at lunch time by the blue pillars so she hadn't prepared herself to see him sooner. Lula turned around to speak to Rosie. She was gone. Lula jumped slightly and frantically looked around. Rosie was about 20 steps away walking away from Lula. Rosie turned to face her and put up two middle fingers followed by a motion of putting her right pointer finger through a hole she made with her left hand. She turned with her tongue out and continued to walk away.

"Hey" said a recognisable voice.

Lula flipped her body round and thumped a small passing student with her bag. Lula let out a whimper.

"Oh sorry" she apologised.

The small boy's friends started laughing at him as they walked through the crowd. Lula was feeling flustered.

"You okay?" Tom asked raising his eyebrows.

"That kid..." Lula tried to avoid making eye contact.

"Yeah. You hit him with your bag"

"I..."

"Totally meant it. He probably deserved it" Tom joked. Lula giggled.

"I know like... we're not meant to be speaking yet" Tom started. Lula still tried to avoid eye contact. She was looking up at him bu glaring at his shirt instead and around his neck. She liked how his Adam's apple shifted as he spoke. She noticed his hair was groomed but styled slightly messy. Her head stopped around his nose so he wasn't much taller than she was. Despite it being cold and mid November he didn't have a jacket on. He was in the white school shirt and tie and sleeves rolled up just past his elbows. She finally looked up at his face, past his short stubble, straight nose, into his bold, brown eyes.

"But since we're both here now... like... do you want to do something one day?" he finished nervously grasping at his newly purchased bacon roll. The bacon smells amazing. Does he smell amazing? What? No. Bacon. Mmm.

"Huh.. I..." Lula nervously spluttered.

"You can say no but I..."

"Sure?" she responded shrugging her shoulders.

"Yeah?!"

"Yeah?" she winced.

"Okay cool. Message me when you're free and we'll talk about it" Tom smiled and walked away.

Slowly the hustle and bustle of the canteen came back into focus. The bubble they both were just in was disappearing. The sound of students started to return. What was that? He... I...

One person in particular took Lula's attention. It was Rosie. Stood a few meters in front of her. She was putting her finger in and out of her O shaped hand again. Smiling. Nodding.

"Where... how did you?" Lula started to question.

"Good day so far eh?" Rosie asked jumping in front of Lula. The bell started to ring. "See. Yooouuuu. Later" Rosie smirked.

How does she...? So happy.

Lesson 3 was fine. Boring. Uneventful. Lesson 4... English. The lesson was in complete silence. They were doing an exam style question. Lula liked the silent lessons. It gave her a chance to just focus. As the occasional tap tap of other student's pens hit their papers, Lula kept peering over to Charlotte's desk. She had her head down. Charlotte hadn't spoken to Lula all day. She was almost avoiding her. Lula looked round to the left. She dropped her pen on the desk and leaned back in her chair. Rosie was sat staring at Lula donning a middle finger again. Lula started to giggle but forced out a cough instead. Rosie put on a big smirk then started to work again.

All the students were stood behind their chairs as the bell rang for lunch. The teacher let them out a few at a time. As Lula scuffled her way past the tables and students in front of her she was side by side with Charlotte as they reached the door. They looked at each other. Charlotte didn't look angry, or sorry, or happy. She was wearing an almost saggy poker face with a glum gaze in her eyes. She broke eye contact with Lula and made her way out before her.

Lula didn't have a plan for lunch anymore now she didn't need to meet with Tom. In an attempt to still prevent any issues Lula made her way to the toilet. As she sat in a cubicle she put her head in her hands to think about the day. No issued whatsoever. Rosie was really cheerful. Too cheerful? I mean she normally is but today she's more?

Lula heard the tap of a shoe and a rustle in the cubicle next to her. She jumped slightly and tried to be silent. Nothing more awkward than knowing someone is using the toilet next to you in public. The distinct turning of a toilet roll filled the room. Almost frantically. There was a faint but constant rubbing sound then another rolling sound of toilet roll. Lula heard a sigh. She had finished herself and was now stuck with the dilemma of flushing and letting the other person know she had finished or just wait for the other person to go. Waiting was pointless. Lula stood, pulled up her underwear and tights, adjusted her skirt and flushed.

"Any toilet roll please?" came a voice from next door. That's...

"Rosie?" asked Lula.

"Lule's" she said back. "Thank God it's you. Finished messing? Roll please"

A hand came from underneath the wall making come here and grabbing motions.

"I didn't..." Lula began.

"Please?" Rosie requested.

Lula passed a spare toilet roll which Rosie snapped up.

"You okay?" Lula asked making her way out of the cubicle.

"Yeah just... a massive shit you know?" Rosie joked. Lula was curious. She went to wash her hands slowly so she could leave with Rosie. Not long later she heard a flush and Rosie's door flung open. She almost strutted out.

"What?" Rosie asked.

"How do you do it?"

"Well the handle... You twist the thing and it unlocks..."

"Please, Rosie. You;re always happy"

"No. I'm not" she responded confidently. "And I think that's where you struggle"

"What do you mean?" Lula was still awkwardly washing her hands.

"You dwell on shit" said Rosie even more confidently.

"Well... yeah?"

"Well... don't?" Rosie scoffed.

"But how...?"

"Look!" Rosie exclaimed, turning to Rosie and lifting her knee length skirt. Lula was shocked at the response. She looked at Rosie's feet and looked up her legs. She didn't know what she was looking for or what was going on. Until... She reached Rosie's crotch and saw, underneath her tights, the pastel purple colour of Rosie's underwear and a darker purple patch between her legs. Rosie let her skirt fall back down.

"If I can live with this most days, you can live with it once, yeah?"

Lula tilted her head and hugged Rosie.

"I mean... I'm sure it's more than once but you won't tell me. Or was it twice? Or more?" Rosie carried on keeping the conversation light. Lula sighed.

"I'm here for you too you know that right?" she confided in Rosie.

"Well I've never told anyone else so yeah, I know" There was a slight pause.

"Did you fully..?" Lula began.

"No. Leaked. Dried it. No one will know" she smiled, "You wouldn't have known if I didn't show you"

"No..." Lula replied.

"Then lets go, bedwetter" Rosie joked.

"Don't"

"Too soon?"

"Just please... don't" Rosie tutted as they left the toilets.

Lula remembered Rosie's last words to her before the final lesson. 'Wait for me'. Lula waited at the main gate. The other students brushed past her as they escaped for the day. Still nothing. No comments. No laughter. No pointing fingers. She blushed and nervously smiled as Tom walked past with Steve and some of the other boys. Steve hadn't clocked her but Tom, of course, had. He gave Lula a nod and a smile. She had to look away.

"Come to mine?" a voice filled Lula's right ear. She was shocked.

"Yes?" Rosie asked.

"How do you just show up?"

"Magic, Muggle" Rosie responded.

"Umm, okay?" Lula agreed.

"Yay" Rosie forced some excitement.

They walked out of the school together. Lula watched and turned her head as they walked past the bus she'd usually get on. Rosie didn't live too far away from the school. A 20 minute walk at most. The school was near the outskirts of the town. Rosie's estate was the other side of a small woodland area. Lula remembered the times when they first became friends and would walk back to hers through the woods and get lost. This was a few years ago. There were roads and paths outside of the woods too but the adventure was always more exciting.

"So you need to tell me everything" Rosie requested.

"Everything?"

Rosie stopped walking and turned once again making her finger in hole hand movements. Lula sighed.

"I agreed to a... well we're meeting when I tell him when I'm free"

"A DATE. LULA HAS A DATE?" Rosie was genuinely excited.

"No I.. we;re just"

"Making babies" Rosie let out a cute awwwww. Lula pushed Rosie.

"I haven't told him when I'm free yet. I don't know"

"Literally you are one of the least busy people I know"

"Thanks"

"Well you are"

"Yes"

"Then meet with Peter Thomas Parker and find out how his web-shooter works". Lula pushed Rosie again.

"For me?"

"That's just... weird? You date him then"

"THERE" Rosie stopped again and comically pointed at Lula multiple times. "YOU said date. Confirmed. Approved. Accepted. Yes. Yes yes yes yes. Babies"

Lula was shocked at her own use of the word date. Had she just confirmed? No? They weren't actually seeing each other. Yet? Right?

"I hate you" Lula claimed.

"Awwww, and I hate you too" Rosie hugged Lula as they walked.

"This way!" Rosie ordered, pointing towards the woods.

"You still go that way?"

"Ha. Yeah" Rosie scoffed.

"It'l be all muddy?"

"Yes. On the path. No it won't Come on! Adventure!" Rosie was still too cheerful. Lula was starting to consider if she'd never actually noticed Rosie's bubbly attitude before? Had she always been too highly strung? Too serious? Boring? She began to follow Rosie down the leaf ridden track into the trees.

The two didn't speak for a while. Maybe they were both reliving the memories from years before.

"Lule's"

"Yeah?"

"I've never done this in front of someone before"

"What? Done what?" Lula asked confused. As she turned to her right to look at Rosie she'd darted off the track into some bushes.

"Rosie?"

"Here!" Lula cautiously walked to where Rosie had darted. She was a few meters into the bushes. Some orange tinted leaves were still hanging around but the bushes were almost bare with tough brown twigs. Lula noticed Rosie had darted far enough into the bushes that the track could not be seen from her position. Which was squatting. Why was she squatting.

"Down!" Rosie ordered. Lula looked confused and looked around. She felt Rosie tug at her bag. Lula complied and squatted.

"What are we...?" Lula began to ask thoughtfully baffled.

"I don't have to worry here" Rosie said.

"You've lost me"

"Look... if you want. Shh Listen" Rosie said putting a finger up. Silence Lula was staring at her with lowered eyebrows.

Shhhhhhthttttthhhhhhhh.

Rosie lifted the back of her skirt as a stream of pee fell beneath her. What. The. Fuck.

"Rosie...!" Lula immediately felt flustered. Her best friend was literally wetting in front of her. She couldn't help but stare. The base of her tights beneath her ass made the pee spread around and patter to the ground in multiple weak dribbles The crotch of Rosie's tights glistened as the main stream fell in a single run.

"It's me. I've accepted it. I've realised I may not get the choice. AND at least here I can just... accept it?" Rosie confessed while still peeing.

Rosie's stream started to weaken. She'd gone not too long ago so there wasn't too much.

"Rosie..." Lula wanted to say so much but was feeling turned on herself seeing someone else wet in real life.

Rosie bobbed up and down as some final drops of pee fell to the ground. She pulled at some bushes and wiped the backside of her tights with some crunchy leaves. The leaves dissolved and crunched as Rosie scrunched them in her hand after feebly wiping her tights. Rosie stood up and fixed her skirt. Rosie slowly stood up too.

"And who found out? No one. So it doesn't matter" Rosie smiled and forcibly turned Lula around and pushed her back to the track.

Lula was at a loss for words for a long time. Rosie was waiting for her to speak.

"How do you hide it?" Lula asked.

"Because I have to. Why do you want to know?"

"I ... what? I don't? It's just... it's like you don't care?"

"I sometimes don't. Like then... no one saw so it doesn't matter. If it was like in a lesson then yes it'd suck but I make sure it doesn't. But then.... I NEEDED to go so like I did?"

"And your Mum?"

"Has pretty much accepted it too but I do my own washing so... but she knows when she finds wet stuff"

"Hmm" Lula pondered, still feeling flustered. Rosie carried on walking like nothing happened. Lula tried to get a glimpse at the back of Rosie's skirt but it didn't seem to have a wet spot. She made it look so easy? Careless? There's not even a wet spot. How? Has she practised... Don't be stupid. You don't practise wetting. Do you? Have I? I don't know.

Rosie didn't mention the wetting at all on the walk back to her house. Lula was trying to find an excuse to jump back to the topic but Rosie just didn't speak about it. How did she not know her best friend did this?

As Lula sat in Rosie's bedroom as Rosie showered, as it turned out she did whenever she walked home and wet, Lula did something she instantly regretted. Double chcecking to make sure Rosie was still definitely showering, she crept over to the basket full of Rosie's dirty clothes that needed washing. Nothing odd at the top. Lula nervously picked through the clothes and it wasn't long before the faintest smell of pee was obvious. Everything was dry so had been there a few days. Lula pulled out a pair of black leggings and apprehensively gave them a gentle sniff. They did smell like pee. This is fucking weird. Stop smelling your friend's clothes. Stop. Just stop.

Lula put the leggings back in the pile where she found them and went to sit back on Rosie's bed. A while later Rosie came into her room in fresh pyjamas and threw her school uniform onto the top of the washing pile. Unlucky for Rosie, her pastel purple underwear were sat on top of where she'd thrown them. Lula could see the obvious line between dry and wet spot. This made her feel tingly. She'd never seen someone else's fresh, wet clothes. She wet them about forty five minutes ago though? The dark spot was..

""Sorry I don't mean to... like.. but did you?" Lula asked nervously, nodding her head towards the washing pile.

"They were already wet" Rosie said, "But does it matter? Do you care?" she continued with the same excuses.

"No..."

"There we go then" Rosie smiled, finishing tying her hair up. She picked up her basket and made her way out of her room to put them in the wash.

"Jealous?" Rosie joked.

YES.

"Huh, no" Lula replied.

The evening went well. It was fun. They laughed, joked, bitched. Tom was a primary topic. Lula was debating what time and date to tell him to meet up. Rosie was pressuring her to make a decision. Some time later Lula had called her Mum to come pick her up. Being November it was dark outside and she didn't want to walk that far home.

Back at her own house, Lula made her way to the bathroom with her pyjamas. It had been a good day. Significantly better than expected. No one said anything. No one took the piss. No one joked. No one..... oh stop it. Just go sit down.

Lula had already been holding since when she went at school. After the afternoon with Rosie and seeing everything she had already decided she'd wet when she got home. Lula sat straight down onto the toilet and lifted her skirt. She paused. The vision of Rosie squatting in the woods was burned into Lula's mind. Lula hesitated but wanted to imitate. She got up from the toilet and stood in the bath. She squatted and lifted her skirt so to imitate what Rosie did earlier that day. Lula relaxed. The pee spread over her knickers and she felt it pool under her ass. The seat of her thick tights soaked and she felt the puddle beneath her soak at her feet. This must have been how Rosie felt earlier. What would it feel like to wet and be watched? She wanted me to watch. She wanted me to? I wouldn't. Couldn't.

Lula's pee continued for a while It was warm. It was pleasurable. It was a total flood. She wanted to touch herself but had to wear this skirt tomorrow. She couldn't risk getting it wet. When she felt herself finishing eh started bobbing, like Rosie did, then stood up, She carefully took her skirt off and slumped it onto the floor. She pulled her shirt from the waistband of her tights and threw that away too. Standing, once again, in her bathroom in just wet underwear and tights, she slipped off her bra and the evening was hers.

*053*2019-11-08 02:34

Lula: "Why would you do this to me"

Rosie: "Because I can't let my favourite person go on her first date and not know what happens"

Lula: "It's not a date"

Rosie: "You're literally going out with an older boy to see a film. Bitch it's a date"

Rosie: "Is he paying? He's paying isn't he?"

Lula: "Yes"

Rosie: "DATE BITCH"

Lula: "Hate you"

Rosie: "xxx"

Rosie had previously given Lula some advice that always worked for her in the cinema. 'Wear black'. Since Rosie revealed her condition... problem? Lula still didn't know what to call it. She wanted to believe it wasn't a fetish, like hers, and that Rosie was completely innocent to the kinky side of it all but she wasn't sure. She almost didn't want to know. Rosie admitted to previously leaking in the cinema and said that wearing black jeans or shorts or leggings or whatever was the best way to hide it.

She also admitted to leaking quite a lot the last time they both went to see a film with Beth and Charlotte. Of course no one noticed at the time. Lula was oblivious to it all back then. Rosie was so good at hiding it. She's been living with it for longer though. Lula hated to think that though. She doesn't live with it. She doesn't have what Rosie has. She didn't think it was fair to compare why either of them wet. She still hadn't admitted to Rosie how often she had done it herself, or that she likes it.

Lula had decided to follow Rosie's advice. She had ABSOLUTELY no intention of doing anything pee related. She was going to see a film with Tom. She couldn't. She just couldn't. She had put on her tight black jeans and a thick, long sleeve, dark blue jumper. The jumper had white stripes around the cuffs and elasticated waist.

Initially she'd had no interest in seeing the new Joker film. No spoilers don't worry. It was Tom's suggestion though. Lula thought the bonus was the film had been out for a while. The screen wouldn't be that busy. She had no idea if she'd enjoy the film but she wanted to enjoy the few hours with Tom. They wouldn't be speaking which she thought was... good? She found she kept getting flustered when Tom tried to make conversation, even over messenger, so she hoped spending time with him would help. Despite the fact she didn't Rosie in the same room, she felt a sense of comfort knowing her best friend would be nearby.

Lula: "Can you do me a favour then?"

Rosie: "You already owe me sooo much money for favours so sure"

Lula: "If it's too awkward can we go?"

Rosie: "Why do you think I'm going?"

Lula: "You don't need to always look out for me you know?"

Rosie: "Yet you ask me to look out for you"

Lula: "Yes. This time"

Rosie: "How about if you get up and leave I will too. You could just tell him you're going to the toilet?"

Lula: "That could work. I don't want to bail on him but I don't know"

Rosie: "You won't I know it. But if you walk out I will too"

Lula: "Thanks"

Lula's Mum picked up Rosie on the way and dropped them both off at the cinema. The girls agreed they'd get a taxi home from the nearby taxi rank. The film finished late and they didn't want to annoy their parents. Lula's Mum agreed since the girls would be travelling back to Rosie's together. The girls had planned last minute that Lula would sleepover. They thought it would give them the chance to speak about what happened with Tom. Lula was thankful for the support.

The cinema wasn't too busy. Lula felt the flush of warmth fill her face as she walked through the automatic doors. The windows to the building had teamed from the difference in temperature outdoors. Lula took a loud and deep sniff to inhale the aroma of popcorn. She hadn't been to see a film for a while. Rosie walked off to go and buy her ticket. Lula started to follow... Jesus Christ.

Lula stopped on the spot as she saw Tom push himself from the wall he was leaning against and walk towards her waving. He also had on jeans but Lula was fixed on his upper body. He had on a snug light blue shirt with the sleeves rolled up past his elbows. It was tighter than his school shirt. Lula could make out the difference between a slight crease in the shirt to the bumps of his biceps. His top two buttons were undone and he was carrying a folded jacket on his right forearm. His brown shoes went well with the blue shirt. Fuck. I mad no effort. Damn.

Tom reached Lula and bent down slightly and started to raise his elbows. She could see he was going in for a hug. They'd only hugged once and that was when she left him at 'The Corner' after the party. Lula accepted the hug. She felt his arms squeeze her slightly. She could feel the thickness of her jumper take the strength of his arms. His skin was warm. She Lula closed her eyes as his head rested on her left shoulder. The smell of popcorn was taken over by whatever aftershave Tom was wearing. For a moment Lula felt it was just the two of them. She felt safe and secure. Lula slowly opened her eyes and saw Rosie at the till buying her ticket and drink. They eyes locked. Rosie started to make a forwards and backwards motion towards her mouth with a curled hand. Every time her hand reached her mouth she pushed her tongue into her cheek. Lula scoffed and loosened her grip round Tom's waist.

"Thank you for coming" said Tom.

"Thank you for inviting me?" Lula didn't know how to respond. Tom laughed.

"I've got out tickets. I didn't know your friend was coming?" he said with a hint of confusion.

"I'm staying at hers tonight and she wanted to see it too. Is that okay? Sorry?"

"It's okay" Lula couldn't tell if he really thought it was okay or not. He didn't have a choice but still.

Tom had chosen decent seats. They were just forward of being in the centre but sat in the middle of the row. The screen in front engulfed Lula's vision. Rosie walked in after they'd sat down. She was a few rows back just behind the middle. Lula kept shifting in her seat. She didn't know how to sit? She knew that was weird. Like, both legs down? One tucked under the other leg? One over the other? She settled for left under right as her right calf hanging from the seat. Tom was sat on her left. She felt a bit disappointed he hadn't bought any food. No. How dare I? He bought the tickets. I shouldn't expect him to buy food. Don't be ungrateful.

"Have you see the trailer for this?

"Only after you said we should see it"

"Do you want to be here?" he asked cautiously.

"Yeah yeah I do" Don't ruin it!

"Okay. You look... cute? by the way" he attempted to compliment her.

"Was that a question?" Lula asked nervously.

"No. You do. You do. Sorry"

"It's okay. You do too" You do too? Stupid thing to say. Boys don't admit to looking cute.

Tom chuckled under his breath as he wiggled in his seat. He pulled a few times at his shirt. The waft of the fabric sent another wave of his aftershave fill Lula's nose. Ugghhhhhhmmmmm. Lula made a weird, low rumbling sound in her throat as she thought that. What the fuck sound was that? She gently coughed and touched her neck.

As the trailers finished and the lights went dim, Lula felt a slightest of nudges against her left elbow. Tom had re-positioned his own so he was leaning slightly to his right. Closer to Lula. She didn't know if it was intentional but his arm was now slightly over her side of the arm rest. Was he trying to get closer? Did he want to be closer? Lula pretended not to notice.

Probably just over an hour and a half in Lula was committed. The film was so much better than she'd ever expected. The plot. The characters. The portrayal. The morality. The origins. Lula hadn't realised Tom peeking over at her a few times. He would smile whenever he did. Lula was curled up in the seat fully engrossed in the film. He liked how she tucked her hands into the cuffs of her jumper. He liked how the jumper was slightly too big for her. He kept pretending to adjust his position so he could edge his elbow closer and closer to her. He wanted to to react; to do something? His goal was for her to lean in and just rest her head against his arm.

He half wanted to attempt 'the move' but knew there was no chance of getting away with that. He was also aware Lula's best friend was sat behind them. He knew he was being judged. He wasn't stupid, He knew she was going to her friend's house that night to talk about him. Tom was eager to leave the best impression possible. He could help himself from looking though. Curled up in the chair next to him. So close. Her dark brown hair and eyes lighting up when the screen flashed. It's her eyes he saw first when she joined the group dressed as Wednesday Addams. At the party, her costume almost showed off her petite but curved figure. Today she was bundled up in this oversized jumper and just cute. He wanted to be closer and to just have her near. Slow and steady though.

The credits began to roll and the lights slowly became brighter. Tom stretched.

"Like it?" he asked. He already knew the answer.

"That was really good" Lula had almost forgotten she was with Tom. She had definitely forgotten Rosie was sat behind her. That whole experience took her away.

"Good. Come on" Tom stood up and put out his hand. Lula, curled up in the chair, looked up at him. She lifted her right hand into his. His hand was warm. It was dry but soft. He tightened his grip and lifted slightly. Lula felt her hand lift slightly as she stood up herself. She had her pare hand tightly grasping her backpack to take to Rosie's. He smiled. She blushed. He stood back against the seats in front to allow her to pass and leave first. As Lula shifted past him she felt his left arm brush against the back of her shoulders as she saw hid body move behind her. Is he... protecting me? No. From what? Hmm. Lula shivered slightly as she felt his touch against her back. As she walked to the end of the row she saw Rosie plod down each step. She smiled as she walked past and left in front of them. She didn't say anything? Weird.

Back in the entrance to the cinema Rosie was nowhere to be found. Lula stood there awkwardly on her own as Tom made his way in from the men's toilets.

"Where's your friend?" he asked.

"I don't know. Toilet maybe"

"Oh okay. I'll wait if you want"

"Up to you" Lula was feeling more flustered than ever. She in that moment had admitted she did like him. Her feelings were right. Spending time with him had worked. She felt like a littler nervous baby and she knew the awkwardness was showing.

Rosie opened the door to the ladies toilets. She peered out to the main area. There was no one coming from any of the screens. Good. She hopped out onto the carpeted floor and towards the wall just in front. As she began to walk parallel to the wall towards the main door she halted and inhaled sharply. She stayed out of the way. Out of sight. As she felt her body bob up and down slightly she raised her hands to her mouth. Not more than fifteen meters in front she saw Lula and Tom by the front door with their arms around each other. Her best friend was mostly out of view as Tom's back was facing Rosie. His head was titled to the right as the upper half of his body was leaning forwards and down slightly. Were they?

After a few seconds Tom stood up straight. They had a small exchange of words and he seemed to awkwardly step out of the building. Rosie saw Lula just stand there. Her face was flushed and bright red. She had an innocent smile on her face which Rosie had rarely ever seen before. She left it a few moments to see what her friend would do. Lula was taking a few deep breaths and looking around but at nothing in particular. Her face was still flushed. Rosie could see her pull her hands back into her sleeves and with her right cuff she wiped her mouth slightly. Rosie knew this was her moment to go. She could feel a huge grin on her own face. Her cheeks were starting to hurt from her own smile. Rosie made her way forwards.

Lula could feel her face swell with warmth. She had finally regained a normal breathing pattern after a few deep breaths. It felt like her stomach was doing backflips. She felt weak at the knees as her muscles felt like jelly. Tom's aftershave still tickled in her nostrils. The smoothness of his lips had been slick and plump. Her own lips tickled with pins and needles. All Lula felt she could do was giggle quietly to herself. In that moment she saw Rosie making her way towards her with a stupid big grin on her face.

"Oh. My. God" Rosie exclaimed giving jazz hands before hugging Lula.

All Lula could do was giggle.

Lula had no idea how to explain what had just happened. She was full of excitement and fizz. She attempted to avoid the questions Rosie was throwing at her. After a while Rosie gave up digging for information; until later that night.

"Told you you'd stay"

"It was so good"

"I even brought a drink in case you actually left"

"Sorry?"

"You should be"

"Why?"

"Look"

Lula's buzz and mood was suddenly diverted as Rosie, who as walking on Lula's right hand side, stopped and twisted her body so her backside was facing Lula.

"What?"

"Can't you see?"

"See what?"

"That's why you wear black" Rosie said cheerfully. Lula realised what she meant.

"Did you?! Were you waiting for me to..? I'm so sorry"

"Don't you dare be sorry. Not the first time it's happened. And well, you got what you came for"

"No I'm sorry. Did you actually? In the...? No way"

"I did look" Rosie took a quick look around and twisted her body again when she knew no other people would see. Lula could still see nothing.

"Urgghh" Rosie grabbed Lula's hand and pulled her towards her. Rosie took a few steps back towards a lamp post. As they stood under the light Lula could see a slight difference in the shade of black of her jeans. She did. Damn. Rosie kept pulling at Lula's hand though. What's she...? Rosie pulled Lula's hand right onto her jeans and put the palm of Lula's hand on her butt cheek .Rosie squeezed Lula's hand so her fingers pressed against her ass. Lula felt the dampness in the denim before pulling her arm back.

"Ewww what the..."

"Told you" Rosie smirked, "But can we get that taxi now, I need to go again"

Lula wiped her hand over Rosie's jacket, which luckily covered her backside.

"Don't ever do that again" demanded Lula. That was the first time she'd ever felt somebody else's body wet from pee. The wet patch wasn't that warm so she'd obviously gone at least an hour ago. She must have gone to the toilet to try and dry her jeans. Lula had no idea if Rosie felt the same way about pee or even knew about omorashi but she was feeling a rush of so many emotions and feelings. Within moments she'd gone from tingly and bubbly about Tom to curious and naughty about Rosie's wetting. Goddamn I want some time to myself.

"You went in the seat?" Lula asked, curious.

"Yeah"

"Why didn't you just go..."

"I was looking out for you"

"Don't blame me"

"Your fault"

"No... did you... did you want to?"

"What? Rosie questioned.

"Did you want to?" Rosie was feeling confident enough to ask.

"I've learned when I can get away with it" Rosie admitted. That was not the answer Lula had expected.

"Did you want to?" Lula persisted.

"I never want to"

"I don't get how you just get away with it"

"Jealous?"

"What.. y.. NO" Lula snapped.

"Well you just sat there for the same amount of time I did. Don't you need to go?"

"I'm waiting until we get to yours"

"So you need to go?"

"...yes" Lula admitted. Admitting it made her realise it had been a good four hours before she'd last peed. Since then, she'd had her first proper kiss and felt a wave of emotions. As well as just the natural requirement to pee she knew she could hold on though.

"Well you took my advice and wore black so why didn't you?" Rosie joked.

"What? I wasn't going to"

"So you admit you wanted to?"

"What no!" Lula was feeling like Rosie was prodding for the answer she wanted.

"Well why don't you? No one will know. Look at me. Know one knows" she danced around in a circle as she finished her sentence, seeming carefree. She was right though, no one, other than Lula, knew that Rosie was walking around town in wet jeans. Lula considered how lucky Rosie was for wearing the coat that went down to her knees. Had she worn that out on purpose? No. Lula still denied thinking that Rosie did it all on purpose. But she had said she knew how to get away with it?

"Stop" Lula shyly requested.

"Fine then. Go in there?" Rosie offered, pointing at McDonald's. As always on a Friday evening it was quite busy.

"Ew no" Rosie had a disgusted look on her face. Se could feel her bladder bulge in her abdomen though with each step. The cold wasn't helping either. She could feel the bitter wind in the friction of the denim against her legs.

"No taxis" Rosie said, nodding towards the taxi rank.

"It's Friday" Lula responded.

"Damn"

As the girls waited, Lula could see Rosie cross her legs whilst she had her hands in the pocket of her coat. Only because she was looking, Lula could make out that Rosie had her hands clamped into her crotch under her coat. The cold was starting to nip at Lula's earlobes. She stood there with her arms folded, shifting her weight from one foot to the other. The thought of doing what Rosie suggested was thrilling. Just go. She has. No one knows. You're wearing black. No one will see. I don't have a long coat though. I can't hide it. It'll be fresh, I'll leave a puddle. Don't be stupid. You're in public. Don't risk it. You can't. People are around. She has it hidden. Damn I want to. I need to go. Uhhhh.

A taxi eventually showed up and pulled into the inlet. The girls clambered in and closed the sliding door. Rosie stated her address and thanked the driver. The car began to set off.

"Lule's I can't" Rosie whispered.

"What?" asked Lula, he hands in her own crotch.

"I can't wait"

"You have to"

Rosie opened her legs slightly. Lula could see a much less evident darker patch on the inside of her legs. The biggest wet patch would have been on her backside if she had wet sitting down before. Lula wanted to avoid thinking about it too much. She was still feeling a rush from being with Tom but was now fighting her desperation. She looked left out of the taxi window. She wiped the condensation with her left sleeve. The freezing cold water absorbed through her jumper and she felt it cling to her wrist. A few seconds had passed of Lula watching the world go by before she felt Rosie's hand bump her twice.

Lula looked around to her right to see Rose looking at her with her mouth wide open. Nothing was happening. The two sat in silence as the Radio 1 played in the background. Rosie looked down. Lula looked down too. Rosie's crotch was glistening with a layer of pee. The inside of her legs became pitch black with a slight glare from the dim light in the back of the taxi. Rosie gasped. Lula couldn't believe what she was seeing. She finally began to feel her vagina throb. Rosie's shocked appearance faded as she continued to wet the taxi seat. She relaxed her shoulders and placed her hands on her knees, watching it happen. When it died down she shifted in the seat and lifted her backside slightly before sitting back down on the soggy fabric of the seat.

Lula was still transfixed on Rosie. She couldn't believe it.

"Must have been that drink eh?" suggested Rosie. Lula was still dumbfounded. She was wincing under her own desperation.

"You?" Rosie whispered. Lula raised her eyebrows.

"No" she whispered loudly back.

"Why not? I did?"

"No!" Lula shook her head violently this time. Closing her eyes.

"You need to..." Rosie kept bugging. Lula kept shaking her head. She let out the smallest of leaks. She tightened her hold. I could. I really really could. Rosie doesn't care. She's telling me too. She has. Twice. She's just done it here too. But the driver might see. No. He's not paying attention to us. I could... NO! I need to... Ohhhhhhh.

Lula turned to look at Rosie with a worried look on her face. Rosie raised her eyebrows and nodded.

"You have spare clothes in the bag right?" Rosie suggested again. Lula nodded. She clenched her whole body and leaned into herself as much as the seat belt would allow.

Lula snapped back and stared at Rosie again. Tears welled in her eyes and began to roll down her cheeks.

The flood felt phenomenal. With Lula's stored emotions from the last hour she let out an audible moan as her dam broke and she felt her crotch and backside pool with pee. Despite the radio, she felt that the sound of the stream and pooling pee was louder. She leaned her head back with he palms of her hands flat down on the seat either side of her. Lula could feel extra weight on her crotch as the denim became wet. The slight vibrations of the car moving over the road was not helping as she felt her crotch and abdomen surge with sensation. As well as her increasing heartbeat she felt like her vagina had a beat of its own. As she stopped the car went over a pothole, forcing her whole body upwards then thumping back down on the wet cushioned seat. Shit shit shit shit shit shit.

"Better?"Rosie asked. Shit Rosie's there. Oh no. Oh fuck. Lula didn't know how to react so just nodded with her head still leaning backwards.

The girls sat in awkward silence until the taxi got to Rosie's house. They paid half the fee each and frantically got out of the car to let it drive away. The driver hadn't noticed the wet seats. Lula kept shifting her body around stood outside of Rosie's house. She had nothing to hide the wet patch on her ass. She was well aware anyone could see her in this state. She turned to face the street so her backside was facing Rosie's house.

"It's okay, come on" Rosie lead Lula round the back of the house. She lead Lula indoors and up to her bedroom where she closed the door. They stood there looking at each other. Rosie was stood almost confidently while Lula was fiddling with the inside of her sleeves.

*058*2019-11-10 02:30

Turns out I'm enjoying Lula's life more than my own right now. So... I'm trying something new. I may or may not be playing about on Photoshop to bring the characters to life. I've hardly ever used it though so give me a chance >.<

I've even ordered a cheap tablet to practice with.

Seriously though, thank you so much to everyone for the support so far

I never thought I'd get past the first few chapters but this whole idea has been brewing for a while. I've not really had any direction for this story. I sorrrttt of know before I write a chapter but I want to spend some time to really think about where this is headed. I'll continue to write as I have been up until maybe Christmas or New Year then will spend some time planning Lula's second season which will have chapter names and everythang. If I think my pictures of the characters turn out okay I might put them up too with some chapters. I really want to flesh out things and not just focus on

Sorry to anyone that was expecting the next piece of the story

