Magic and peeing

Author: Omo-fanatic

*000*2012-01-15 11:39

This is just the prologue, with a wetting scene but little magic.

I crossed my legs tightly and tapped my fingers erratically on my thighs three my pre torn blue skinny jeans. I bit onto my lip slightly as my bladder throbbed in my abdomen, threatening to burst. “Alice, why did you have to drink all that water at lunch?’ I thought to myself bitterly. I considered shoving my left hand into my crotch to help, but one thing I would never give up was my dignity, at least not intentionally.

Instead I brushed my long golden brown hair back behind ear. I let my gorgeous amber eyes gleam in the afternoon sunlight as the bus drove along at a snail’s pace. My decent sized 23 D breasts bounced as we hit a bump gaining a perverted smile from the boy opposite of me. I rolled my eyes; however I had other things to worry, like my bursting bladder.

My tapping speed increased as we hit more bumps, continuously sending pangs of pure agony into my bladder. If I didn’t get home soon, I was going to end up with a puddle in my seat. The thought mortified me; I would go from a super popular cheerleader to a total loser if I peed myself. I looked out the window timidly as the scenery rushed by, it was still a couple minutes from my stop and it was killing me!

The waves of urine were seemingly infinite as the swirled around in my bladder. I withheld the urge to moan and began tapping my feet rapidly causing a dull noise that no one seemed to notice. Biting down harder on my lip I started to grip my left fist as my right hand started tapping even faster. I even began to fidget slightly as my bladder continuously emitted sharp pains in my lower abdomen.

Finally the bus stopped at my street. However despite my predicament I never thought of what would happen if I tried to get up. My bladder was absolutely agonizing; I let out a moan under my breath as I struggled to stand up. Keeping my legs tightly crossed as I tried to stand proved to do little

I gasped as a spurt of warm urine entered my new Victoria secrets panties. My face turned bright red as I froze in my spot for a moment. But my bladder held for the moment. I un crossed my legs and started forward rubbing my legs against each other with each stride. As I got to the steps I stopped for a moment.

“Are you ok, miss young?” The bus driver asked me with a concerned tone.

“of course, sorry.” I muttered as I struggled down the steps, mostly by leaning against the hand railing, finally I managed to get off the bus. However the harsh winter winds shocked another spurt of urine out of my bladder. I felt the contrastingly hot stream of urine trickle down my thigh.

I checked my lap as the bus began to drive away, but the urine didn’t seem to have stained the denim, however my panties were definitely damp. I literally bit my tongue to hold back a cry of anguish. “I’m sixteen years old, last year’s homecoming queens a cheer leader and soccer player, and I shouldn’t be peeing myself.” I wanted to shout.

But I had been mildly incontinent since I was a kid, and although my bladder had strengthened it had taken all my strength and effort to have gone the past three years without having an accident… not counting the once in a blue moon bed wettings.

As the other three kids had abandoned me at the bus stop I took off in a run, making sure to keep my legs tightly pressed together, to add to the awkwardness of my gait, I shoved my hand deep into my crotch just barely making it the whole block to my house.

I started dancing wildly in place as I tried to get my keys out as my bladder only got fuller. I finally managed to unlock the door as I felt warmth protrude from my vagina filling my panties before a slightly larger than last time, stream ran down to my knee. I moaned loudly this time. I felt the pee trickle past my fingertips but I managed to regain control.

This time a small coin sized stain had form on my crotch and a wire thin stream going down my inner thigh on my left leg. I groaned as I opened the door and rushed to the bathroom only to find it occupied. I felt tears brim at my eyes as another spurt filled my jeans increasing the size of both stains.

Suddenly I remembered the other bathroom... in the attic. It worked fine, but we rarely used it since it was so out of the way and unusually placed, not to mention the obstacle course of junk surrounding it.

I ran to the attic stairs fidgeting like a lunatic at the foot of the stairs. I felt a full on stream of urine fill my jeans. The stain increased to the size of a baseball and the stain running down my inner thigh was the width of two pencils and made it all the way to my ankle and another one just as wide made it to my right knee.

I ran up the stairs with tears streaming down my face just like the urine that had been lost. I ran through all the junk towards the bathroom, finally I felt a feeling of relief as I began to open the door.

“well hello there beautiful.” A soothing voice behind me called out suddenly.

Soothing or not it startled me, I jumped nearly five feet and my bladder finally burst. Hot urine ran down the length of my leg as a stain the size of a throw pillow covered the front of my long slender legs. The stream slithered around the back of my legs and I felt the almost pleasant feeling hot pee cover my well-developed butt.

I moaned loudly as the pee continued to cascade down my leg, a loud hiss filling the air as I nearly fell to my knees into the large puddle beneath me, I didn’t bother trying to stop the flow, it was futile, besides the entire back of my jeans were soaked and most of the front was.

The urine flowed into my flats and ran across my feet with a warm tingle. I noticed two tiny streams drizzling down from my butt adding to the large puddle. Even then the hot urine kept coming as it warmed the back and sides of my legs, I let out another moan as the jet of urine began to show as it streamed outside of my jeans around my crotch area.

As the jet strengthened it turned into a full on stream as it sprayed the ground before retreating back to running down my right leg. I moaned, whether from pleasure or pain I didn’t know but the hot urine began to slow as it trickled down my legs, and the subsided. Finally it stopped altogether as it began to drip from my jeans onto the ground and my face turned red.

Finally I faced the voice I heard early only to find myself staring at a mirror. Suddenly a handsome boy about seventeen filled the mirror replacing my image.

“Good job princess. Anyway I supposed introductions are doing. I know you, Alice Young, sixteen popular great students, incontinent a little conceited, but I suppose this has put you in your place. However I am Morpheus and I am your magic mirror.” He said casually.

Ok so I hope you liked this and I plan to make this a continious thing. If there is some awkward wording I apologize but I was desperate to pee while writing this and when I finished I just clicked make corrections on spell check so I don't know how that turned out... well I'm dribbling right now so I'm going to go pee myself in the bathtub tell me what you think:)

*002*2012-01-15 20:40

Thanks:) and yeah, I didn't want her breasts to be too big so I though 24 sounded like a reasonable number lol, guess not:)

*004*2012-01-17 04:43

Thanks for the support:) Anyway I will definantly continue this, however I've decided against an omorashi scene in every post to keep it from seeming forced and let it progress as more of a story hwoever they will still be common and the next post will contain Omorashi and the story will continue through my comments on here:)

*005*2012-01-18 04:48

Chapter 1

Morpheus was inside a mirror that was maybe a foot taller than me and about four feet wide. He was handsome in an arrogant sort of way. I guess he was about five, ten, five inches taller than me. Dark hair, lightly tanned skin and deep, serious green eyes and an athletic build without looking super muscular.

“No way... I’m dreaming… I’m insane I’ve got to be-” I spoke in hysteria with my knees shaking still dressed in my soaked jean and standing in my puddle of urine.

“Shut up before you pass out. Look we can go through the whole cliché ‘I’m dreaming!’ phase or you can just accept the fact the world around you is magical. If I would have appeared before you when you were five or six, or hell, even when you were twelve you would have believed me without a doubt that magic exists had I told you so. Even now as a sixteen year old girl you have a tiny belief in magic, everyone does right up to the moment they die, no matter how small they all have the smallest belief in magic. Do you know why?”

I shook my scarlet faced head, my knees still trembling from fear as the rest of me was frozen in mortification as the pee still dripped down my leg onto the floor began to cool.

Morpheus rolled his eyes in irritation but spoke anyway. “It’s because magic does exist and in the back of their subconscious they know it and sense it, but alas many will never come to realize it completely. However you Miss Young are very fortunate. You will discover magic because magic lives with in you. You are an enchantress.”

“What? No this is crazy it’s completely unreal… I’m delusional!”

“I thought we skipped this. Fine freak out do whatever I’ll be here when you’re done. Just try not to pee yourself again, the puddle is pretty close to my mirror princess.”

“Stop calling me princess! Besides you won’t be here for long I just need to realize I’m dreaming and wake up.” I said pinching my arm.

“Ok look, if you’re dreaming why not embrace the magic, what’s the worst that can happen? You will wake up?”

“Ok…” I said still unsure on what to do. However my pee drenched jeans had gone cold as the urine lost its heat. The slight breeze billowing through unseen cracks only added to the discomfort.

“Magic is real; get that through your pretty little head princess! Honestly! Even when you think this is a dream you won’t embrace it! I’m done!” Morpheus blew up in rage. Then I saw his image begin to fade from the mirror.

“No wait!” I cried. “Look maybe this is real but how can it be?”

“You’re honestly starting to believe.” He muttered to himself. “Look, this stuff is real, what will it take to make you believe me?”

“I don’t know; get someone else in here to prove I’m not the only one seeing this.”

“Seriously? You want to… Look I can’t stop you… I’m stuck in this mirror for now, but I would seriously dissuade you from doing that.”

“You can try but I’m bringing someone tomorrow… Or I can get my parents now.”

“You realize I don’t have to show up in this mirror right?”

“If I shatter it will you die?”

“Fine show someone… Not your parents… they… magic sometimes skips a generation and if they find out now… It would shatter their sanity.”

“So I can bring someone and you won’t go stand-by mode on me?”

“Sure… Bring someone who won’t freak out though, maybe you’re most open minded friend?”

“I know just the person.” I smiled thinking of my friend Brianne Davison. She said she was an empath, someone who could basically absorb another’s emotions or at the very least sense them. At least that’s what I think she does.

“Brianne, huh? Two birds with one stone.” Morpheus said before disappearing instantly.

“Wait what do you mean? Wait… You can read my mind?” But he was gone and I was left in the creepy attic alone and standing in a puddle of pee. I gazed around the attic for a moment. Among the junk was three chairs with bed sheets over them, a broken TV set, a pile of dirty clothing, disfigured toys and a lot of other broken junk.

I sighed as I curled up into a ball still in the cold puddle of pee. Tears began to stream from my eyes.

“How do I have any other liquid in my body?” I stayed there for maybe five minutes just sobbing before struggling to my feet as my jeans dripped with urine again. I grabbed several articles of clothing from the pile and used them to mop of the puddle of pee before walking into the bathroom. It was small and smelled funny, just a toilet and a sink with a dirty mirror above. There wasn’t even a roll of toilet paper left. I groaned, trying to figure out how to sneak back downstairs to get on new clothes.

Finally I managed to work up the courage to simply stroll down the stairs and into my room. After all it wasn’t Mordor, walking into my room was an option. I held my breath as I silently shut the door behind me and tip-toed down the stairs into the second story hallway. I still had to get to the bottom floor.

Groaning I held my breath again as I sidled through the hall down another set of stairs and faced the last hall. I heard my mother talking to someone in the second room to the left with the door wide open.

“Why did my room have to be at the end of the hall?” I asked myself. “Screw it.” I ran down the hall nearly losing one of my flats.

“Alice, is that you?” My mother called from the room.

I froze with my hand on my door knob. “Yes mom.” I muttered defeated.

“Can you come here for a sec; I’ve got someone for you to meet.”

“Just a moment.” I said. I yanked open my door and leapt into my room shutting the door behind me. The constriction in my chest was absolutely agonizing as terror found its way into me. I had to hurry.

I noticed my t-shirt had somehow gotten urine on it. I groaned as I yanked it off and tossed it on my floor. Next I struggled with my skinny jeans. Getting them off was hard enough, but when they were wet it was near impossible. Finally after falling on my butt twice I yanked the soggy jeans off. I yanked off my panties as well and took the soiled clothes and threw them into a pile in the darkest corner of my closet.

“Alice Honey, can I come in, you positively must meet this man.” She knocked on the door.

“One more moment.” I quickly realized I was out of panties. I groaned bitterly before just yanking on a loose fitting pair of jeans. Finally I managed to pull a pink Tee over my head and covered my torso.

I stepped out of the room and met my mother. “Who am I meeting?” I asked a little confused.

My mother was short with curly blonde hair and a fragile body, almost like a slight breeze could break her. She looked older than she was but her smile was as radiant as any others. She was caring and loving and you could tell that by simply looking at her.

“Hold on… You weren’t dressed like this before school. Why did you change?”

My heart jumped into my throat for a moment. “I uh, it feels more comfortable.” I managed to choke out lamely.

She eyed me suspiciously. “Well this man wants to recruit you for a cheer camp over spring break, a bit of a competition for your squad. He’s only taking the best ten though.”

“Great! Sure, sign me up.”

“Hold on, let me fill you in on the details.” A pleasant looking man said. He was tall, thin and official looking with clean kept red-brown hair and sensible grey eyes. He was tall and wore a business suit.

After an hour of his lecture on this prestige camp I knew two things. One I seriously needed to go to this camp, and two: No matter what, if you’re not wearing under wear it feels awkward having a conversation with someone.

“Great! So then fill out this form and hand it in to your coach and you’ll be all set to attend.” He said as he walked out the door handing my mother a permission slip.

“Thank you so much!” I said as he left.

“So why did you really change clothes? Did you have an accident Alice?”

“No mom!”

“Are you lying? I can smell pee. My cousin was incontinent too Alice. It’s ok if you did; she peed herself several times a year, even now.”

“Mom I’m fine.”

“Did you leak? Show me your panties.”

“Mom!” I cried in embarrassment and disgust. She just pursed her lips. “Fine I leaked a little! But it only soaked my panties so I changed altogether ok?”

“I knew I smelled pee. You can take a shower.”

“Thanks.” I muttered bitterly as I walked into the bathroom.

I stared at myself in the mirror almost angrily. “You seriously can’t keep from having accidents… and Morpheus, I can’t believe it. This can’t be real.” I muttered as I stripped into my birthday suit and started the shower. I spent the entire time in the steam filled bathroom thinking of Morpheus, not entirely innocent thoughts either.

The next day as school ended Brianne met me outside the cafeteria just like we planned. She hugged me as we met near a table.

“It has been so long Alice!” She shouted gleefully.

“I know, but guess what?”

“What?” Brianne asked with a wide smile on her face. She was pretty with a gorgeous hour glass figure, long curly black hair and a Latino tan. She has deep, pretty brown eyes, big pouty lips, great cheek bones and long luxurious legs similar to mine, only her legs were a little longer as she was four inches taller than me.

“I’m going to a prestige cheer leading camp over spring break, because I’m one of the best on the squad.” I smiled smugly.

Brianne muttered a half-hearted great and suddenly Morpheus’ words flitted through my mind. “A little conceited…”

“Anyway how is volleyball?” I asked decisively changing the subject.

“It’s great we might go to championship!” She exclaimed happily.

“That’s great!” I enthused. We started heading towards the closest fast food joint. “So anyway I can’t wait to show you the surprise.” I grinned as we stepped through the burger joints doors.

Twenty minutes later we were sitting opposite of each other in a booth drinking water and scarfing down fries and out burgers.

“Hey Alice I have to pee.” Brianne muttered shyly.

“Well go.” I laughed and took another sip of my water.

“No these bathrooms are disgusting.” She muttered wrinkling her nose.

She had a point I’ve had to use them on three occasions, however there was a different. I’m incontinent and she wasn’t. So there wasn’t such urgency.

“We’ll go when we get to my house.” I said speeding up my eating pace as did she. We ate in silence and no sooner had I finished my water and burger had she dragged me out of the restaurant.

We managed a few blocks before I noticed her desperation. She danced in place as she walked. I even felt my own bladder fill. I gritted my teeth. “Let’s run the rest of the way.” I suggested. She nodded her head and took off in a run in pace behind me. I struggled to keep my bladder from bursting. “Seriously? Two days in a row?” I thought to myself.

We kept running until we got to my house nearly half an hour later. Brianne ran into my house with her hands between her legs. “Where’s your bathroom?” She asked with a quivering voice.

“Upstairs in the attic.” I said hoping to get her to meet the mirror before she peed so I could use the restroom first while she talked to it.

“Ok.” She said without realizing what an odd place it was for a bathroom. She and I made our way to the attic both of us with our hands between our legs and both of us trembling and swiveling in place.

As we got to the top step of the attic I saw her double over in pain as a stain the size of a baseball appeared on her butt.

I ushered her to the bathroom deciding she needed it more than me. Even then I felt warm pee spurt into my panties and dampen them. She barely waddled through the junk, both hands shoved hard into her crotch and her legs crossed her body double over. I moaned out loud as she began to open the bathroom.

“Hello Brianne, pleasure meeting you.” Morpheus said cheerfully as he appeared. Brianne turned around startled. Her gaze met the mirror and she stood up straight for a moment before pee filled her pants. She moaned loudly as I saw a stain run down her bare legs as another jet of urine trickled through her fingers soaking her mini skirt.

Tears filled her eyes as pee splattered on the floor, leaving a large puddle around her. I watched intently as pee streamed down her bare thighs. Suddenly the jet picked up again as a continuous stream flowed between her legs before she was finally left in a daze completely mortified.

I pang of pure and total agony suddenly burst my bladder. I moaned just as loudly as Brianne. I just let the urine run down my inner thighs almost erotically. The hot pee drenched my latest pair of skinny jeans and streamed back around my legs soaking my butt and legs. The jet picked up more intensely as the stream began to run outside my jeans along my right thigh.

I felt the pee fill my royal blue flats again. The hot and amazing pee splashed against the floor as my puddle mingled with Brianne’s. I moaned with pleasure, as the hot urine kept overflowing my panties and streamed down my legs as it completely darkened every inch of my skinny jeans I doubled over slightly. Three tiny streams drizzled off my warmed butt into the puddle before with a trickling sound as it made tiny splashed.

A more powerful stream jet down my left thigh and I gasped as it filled me with pleasure that it shouldn’t have. It ran the full length of my leg, spilling out of my flats and splashed across the warm puddle. My legs steamed slightly while the hot pee met the icy attic air. I moaned once more as the stream slowed to a stop. Finally as my Jeans ended with simple drips just like Brianne’s panties and skirt.

I looked at her in mutual embarrassment. I shrugged my shoulders but she let tears flow from her eyes anyway. I struggled to pick her up as I gave her an awkward bear hug in a futile attempt to cheer her up. I leaned backward only picking her up maybe a foot above the ground with her soaked skirt against my belly. Suddenly she gasped as a final spurt of pee rolled down my belly before I could set her down.

“I’m so sorry.” She gasped.

“I’m so sorry this is your only way to greet me.” Morpheus grumbled as the puddled rolled under his mirror.

I managed to laugh. “Brianne, this is Morpheus and since you can see him, that means I’m sane!” I cried. Amazingly it only took a little convincing to get her to believe this was real.

“Now to make this even more unbelievable and overly convenient, Brianne, both you and princess over here, are enchantresses. Now that you’re both here I think it’s high time you start your training.” He smiled.

“Is that why I have Empathy?” She asked curiously.

“No, actually it’s quite rare to find Enchantresses with Empathy.”

“So how about this training?” I asked, stunned Brianne took this all in a stride.

“Well since you’re both new to this… Today just meditate, feel the energies around you… for at least an hour.” He said with slight sarcasm in his voice he added. “Just don’t let the energy cause another accident. Anyway I need to think of a real lesson so I will see you tomorrow.”

“Wait no; I actually want to learn something!” I cried bitterly.

“Sorry to disappoint you princess.” He disappeared.

“Don’t call me princess.” I mumbled.

“Come on, let’s change, then we will meditate.” Brianne said leading me to my room.

I finally took the lead as she froze at the last step of the ground floor. “Come on hurry so no one sees.” Fortunately this time we made it without an incident into my room. I realized Brianne managed to get pee on my shirt, so tugged it off tossed it atop the pile of yesterday’s wet clothing then yanked off my skinny jeans with a long struggle. Brianne slid off her skirt awkwardly and timidly tossed it on my pile of wet clothes.

She gazed down and saw the area where she tucked her long blue shirt into her skirt had been drenched with pee, so she tossed it in the pile too. When we were both in our bras and panties we froze for a moment in embarrassment. Finally I took of my underwear and Brianne followed. As we stood there nearly completely naked she blushed.

“You peed yourself before.” She muttered referring to my earlier pile.”

I nodded my head as I quickly broke the awkwardness by changing into new clothing and hand Brianne new ones as well.

Ok so this is chapter one, hope you liked it. Next chapter actually will have deperation but no peeing, hope you like it and I plan on continuing this for a long while:)

