Excerpt from Lassitude (A Watchmen Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-11-15 19:02

A/N: This is an excerpt from a fanfiction of mine called lassitude. It's almost the entirety of the third (fourth, if you count the prologue) chapter, cutting out an irrelevant conversation at the beginning. It includes somewhat detailed male desperation, ending in watersports, and then much less detailed female desperation with the same ending. Characters featured are Adrian Veidt and Laurie Juspeczyk. The longer story is about them having an affair, so yeah, that's how they ended up in bed together.

It can be found in it's entirety here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/4928047

They had gone to bed right after that, as if she were trying to convince herself that she was right in feeling that way, that this was worth it. He already knew that she didn't take much convincing anymore, and soon they were holding each other and catching their breath, satisfied for the time being.

It had been a late night before that, which had left him rather tired. He drifted off not long after they had finished, and awoke two hours later to find Laurie either already awake or still awake. Whatever the case was, it didn't matter; she had not been what had woken him up.

His bladder throbbed, demanding his attention. He couldn't recall the last time he had visited a bathroom, but he knew it had not been recently. Now he had to piss rather badly, and had to take care of that soon.

“Hey, you wanna go for another round?” asked Laurie, who had noticed that he was awake. She placed her hand on his chest and gave him a seductive smile, one that she had learned he could not resist.

Today, however, he had a very good reason to resist it. Though it had not been on his mind before he had fallen asleep, his need had grown so drastically while he was out that he felt on the verge of losing control.

“In a moment,” was all he said to Laurie, and he shifted to start to get up.

“What do you mean, 'in a moment'?” she asked, pushing him back down. She grinned at him, saying, “If you're trying to play hard to get, it isn't going to work. You're the one always putting the moves on me, remember?”

“I'm not playing hard to get,” he replied, pushing her off of him. He hissed slightly, his bladder aching and threatening to spill over at any moment.

“Then what? Are you all tired out?” She smirked. “And here I always thought you'd be able to keep up with me.”

Normally, that poke at his ego would have him on top of her, holding her down and having his way with her, but there was no time for anything of the sort. If he even attempted to fuck her in his current condition, it would not end well.

“I can keep up with you with no problem,” he said. “I just need a moment to-” He broke off with a cringe, feeling a particularly harsh throb in his bladder. His limits were really being pushed.

The woman had not lost any of her skills of observation in her retirement, and she laughed, resting a hand on his lower stomach. He winced and she said, “So you're gonna go pee and then be right back, huh?”

He recoiled at the bluntness of her statement before sighing. “Yes, Laurie, that is exactly what I'm saying.”

She pressed her hand down and he involuntarily squirmed. “That's too bad, isn't it? I don't really feel like waiting.”

Adrian gave her a fierce glare. “I'm not in the mood for any games. If you try to hold me down, we both know I can fight you off.” Her hand came down on his bladder again, much harder this time, a sharp gasp escaping his lips at the sudden pressure.

“But can you in this condition?” she asked. Whether it was a challenge or a genuine question, he wasn't sure, but it made him wonder if he really could. He would have to be careful, move slowly, avoid any sudden shifts in pressure, and it was humiliating to realize that he was actually in so desperate a situation. It was pathetic, entirely beneath him, but it was beyond his control.

He realized too late that his prolonged silence was practically an admission of how bad the situation had become, and Laurie's smile was menacing as she pressed down even harder. The pressure was too much on his already swollen bladder, and a warm spurt of piss escaped, soaking into the sheets beneath them.

“Laurie, stop that,” he hissed, struggling to regain control. She was giggling now, but she let her hand up. Adrian started to get up, but his control was slipping again, and a steady stream flowed onto the bed, getting both him and Laurie wet before he could cut it off.

His face burned as her laughter trailed off, and just as he was finally managing to get up without much incident, he noticed her change in breathing. After spending the majority of the past week in bed with her, he easily tell when she was aroused, and, judging from the way her chest rose and fell with her labored breathing, she was.

“Oh, you like that, huh?” he asked, getting up onto his knees on top of her. “You think it's funny? It's turning you on?” Taking his cock in his hand, he ignored whatever weak protest she attempted, and aimed at her chest.

Adrian groaned as he let go, a hot liquid pouring over her breasts and running down to pool on her stomach. Soon, that overflowed, spilling onto the bed. Laurie stared up at him with wide eyes as he pissed on her, biting her lip and moaning softly. Just as he had assumed, she was into it, and even though he was still a little irritated that she had caused him to start to wet himself, he was more than a little turned on by the enjoyment she was getting out of this.

He let out an exaggerated sigh of relief when his stream trickled to a stop, and she continued to gaze up at him, panting. She was visibly squirming now, rubbing her thighs together from her arousal.

“Did you enjoy that?” he asked calmly. “Or are you squirming because you're facing the same predicament?”

“Mostly just cos of how hot that was, but now that you mention it...” She gave a small smile, shrugging. “I do kind of have to.”

“Well, that's too bad, isn't it?” He smirked at her. “You tried to make me wait so you could have your fun. Now, I think I'd like to have mine.” In one swift movement, he had her pinned down, his body pressed against hers. He could feel the cooling fluid on her, and felt an odd sense of pride, knowing he was the one who put it there.

Adrian placed his lips over hers, delicately at first before forcing his tongue into her mouth and kissing her hard, rough, unyielding. Just the way he loved it. A few short, breathy moans escaped into her mouth, his passion growing to the point that he could hardly stand it. He wanted her right then and there, under him and under his control, soaked in his now-cold piss.

But then he felt the liquid grow warm, and shortly after that, he realized that it was not miraculously heating up. He pulled his lips away from hers, searching her face. She was grinning again, and he inhaled, groaning from the sudden, overpowering arousal he felt as it dawned on him that she was wetting.

It surprised even him just how much this side of it turned him on, and within moments, he was inside of her, begging for her to say his name.

