Coming out of the (water) closet - An Omorashi Fiction

Author: GaijinJohn

*003*2012-12-18 16:25

Before we begin we'd like to correct an egregious error in the previous chapter. Tomoyuki was 1.65m tall, not 1.65cm tall. Japanese people are shorter than Americans, but not 100 times shorter. If you have been confused by this error, you can sue us and pay for a judge to laugh at you. That's all, folks.

Chapter 2

Contains consensual sex between a heterosexual married couple (if anyone's offended by this I'll be very surprised), and female urination during this intimate experience.

Haruko walked to the door of her small, suburban home, got her keys out of her bag, unlocked the door and stepped inside. Remembering her routine, she turned round and closed the door behind her. She put her bags of food on the floor, sat on the bottom stair and began to remove her boots. She made no effort to keep her legs together, not because she wanted to flaunt her panties, but because she just didn't think it mattered if her family saw them. Her mother had painstakingly taught her “skirt awareness”, which she tried to follow in public, but at home and with trusted friends she gave no attention to it at all. (Kimiko has exactly the same issues, and regularly flashes her panties at home. She doesn't see anything wrong with it.)

As she slipped her slender legs out of her boots she thought about how, in a way, it was lucky that her bank account had been cracked. If it hadn't Tomoyuki wouldn't have followed her, and they'd never have met. Was 1000 yen and lots of hassle worth meeting her? Actually, it was.

She heard footsteps in the corridor, looked round and saw her son Sawao and her daughter Michiko running towards her. Sawao turned round and shouted back to Kei in the living room:

“Father! The food's here!”

Kei's deep voice came from the living room.

“What, just the food? What's happened to your mother?”

“She's here too.”

“Good. I was quite worried for a moment.”

Kei walked into the corridor. As he did Haruko looked at him and thought what a lucky girl she was to have him. He stood 1.83m (NOT 1.83 cm) tall, unusually tall for a Japanese man. This combined with his muscular figure cast an imposing image. His face was symmetrical, masculine and brilliantly handsome. Both his face and body were hirsute (Kimiko likes hairy, masculine-looking men. Lucky for me – from my experience I just look intimidating to most women.), and he had a short beard which resembled extended stubble. His hair was black and his skin was a darker shade of yellow than hers.

His eyes were brown, and if she looked into them she could see both strength and kindness. That was what she admired most about Kei – his ability to be strong, then tender immediately afterwards. When engaged in a full-contact kumite bout he was terrifying, but when he touched her he was as gentle as if he was tending a baby. Of course, all this was second to his caring nature and excellent sense of humour. Today, as usual, he was wearing a white T-shirt and jeans, with a cheap wristwatch on his right arm.

Kei is mostly based on me. If I had a much more attractive face, was Asian, wasn't diabetic and looked a little less like a violent criminal (I've never been involved in crime and have several friends in the police force – I don't know why people think I look dangerous), I would be him.

Michiko stood in front of Haruko and looked intrigued.

“Look, Sawao. I think Mother's wearing different panties from when she went out.”

Haruko felt a pang of worry, and brought her legs together. She couldn't let Kei know what had happened. Sawao walked round and looked for himself.

“Michiko,” said Kei, “it's not polite to look up ladies' skirts, and it certainly isn't polite to comment on what you see. Come over here.”

Michiko and Sawao ran over to Kei. Haruko pulled off her black socks and put them in her boots.

“Look!” said Michiko. “She's wearing different socks, too.”

Haruko dropped her head, stood up and turned to run upstairs. She knew that she'd probably have to tell him now, but there was still a chance.

“Sorry, I have to use the bathroom.”

She ran upstairs. Kei looked up after her. As he did he glimpsed her black panties. But she only ever wore white panties. Had she...no, surely not. But she had before...

“You're right, Michiko,” he said quietly. “She is wearing different panties. You still shouldn't have looked, though.”

“I wasn't trying to look. I just noticed.”

“I know. You didn't mean any harm. You just need to know it's not polite.”

“Do you think Mother wet her panties?” asked Sawao. He looked concerned. Michiko looked at him contemptuously.

“Don't be stupid, Sawao. Mother doesn't wet her panties.”

Kei lowered his voice even quieter.

“Actually, I think she might have wet herself. But you're not going to mention it. When she comes downstairs you're going to ignore it, and we're going to have dinner together. OK?”

“OK,” said the children as one.

Michiko looked up at Kei.

“Mother told me people weren't supposed to wet their panties. If she does it, does that mean I can too? Because sometimes when I really need to use the bathroom it feels like it would be much easier if I could just wet myself.”

“That's disgusting, Michiko,” said Sawao, his face wrinkled in revulsion. “I don't want to play with someone who wets her panties.”

Kei crouched down to their level.

“Listen, Michiko. Mother might not have wet herself. But if she has, she would have tried her hardest to hold it in. It just wasn't quite enough. It was an accident. Adults have accidents too, sometimes. That doesn't mean you should just wet yourself because you can't be bothered to use the bathroom. Sawao's right – that is disgusting. If you have a genuine accident, when you just can't hold it in anymore, I won't be angry. But if you start wetting your panties out of pure laziness, you won't get any sympathy. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Father.”

“Good girl. Now, let's get the food.”

Upstairs, Haruko removed her jacket and changed her panties, and hid the black panties in her bedside drawer, which was otherwise occupied by manga, Magic: The Gathering cards and action figures. She felt dread in her core. She was going to have to tell Kei that she'd wet herself. Then he was going to fuss over her as if she was a schoolgirl. All the time they'd been together she'd tried to prove to him that she was an independent, self-sufficient young woman. Then, just when he was beginning to give her a little more independence, something like this would happen and he would go back to thinking of her as a child again. She'd get even more of his patronising “reminder” e-mails, although they were admittedly quite helpful sometimes.

She sat on the bed. The dread in her core changed to anger at herself. Maybe she deserved to be patronised. Not only had she wet herself like a child, she'd also put the entire family's finances in peril by neglecting to guard her password. (In Japan it's traditional for the woman to manage the family's finances.) She should feel lucky to have such a caring husband to look after her. Without him, she'd always be forgetting things and making stupid mistakes. Tears of worthlessness welled in her eyes.

Then the feminist inside her brought her to reason. If she cried now, she'd only be more pathetic. She had to go downstairs with a smile. The tears ebbed away, she stood up both literally and figuratively and walked out of the room. As she walked down the stairs her face became increasingly joyful, until by the time she entered the living room she looked as happy as a girl who's discovered that the game she's been anticipating for months is 75% off on Steam. (The quizzical reactions Kimiko gets when she uses this simile in real life are hilarious.)

The Miyazaki family had an Occidental-styled home. As is usual in Japanese houses, the kitchen, dinig room and living room were merged into one. The kitchen was fully equipped but small, allowing no more than 2 cooks to work at once. Instead of a tatami and low table they had a high table and 4 chairs in front of the television, which was currently showing a football (soccer) match. Kei and the children occupied 3 of the chairs. The food containers and a pitcher of water were placed on the table. Each place at the table had a large bowl, a pair of chopsticks and a glass of water. When Haruko entered the children looked at her. Kei continued to watch the screen. She walked over to the table, put her bag by its leg and sat on the remaining chair. Kei looked round and saw her.

“Haruko! You're very quiet. I didn't notice you.”

“That's my kunoichi (female shinobi) training.”

They both laughed.

“What about the food?” said Sawao, bashing the table with his fists.

“Careful, Sawao,” said Kei. “I don't want to have to put this table back together.”

He opened the containers.

“I want the gōngbǎo jīdīng,” said Michiko.

“So do I,” said Sawao.

“We're going to share, remember?” said Kei. “Everyone gets some of everything.”

Michiko looked at the open containers.

“There are only 3 containers of fried rice.”

Kei looked at Haruko and smiled.

“You forgot to add one for yourself, didn't you? Oh, Haruko. Next time I'll remind you.”

Haruko tried to smile, but there was no feeling in it. Another thing she'd forgotten. Another thing Kei had to remind her about...Her low mood was immediately raised by the arrival of zhāngchá yā in her bowl. She, like Kimiko, loved food, and the rich aromas of the smoked duck restored her to happiness. After everyone had received some of everything, along with some rice, she picked up her chopsticks and bowl and began to eat and drink very inelegantly. Unlike stereotypical Japanese people, the Miyazaki family cared very little about table manners. No one said “itadakimasu” in their house unless they had guests, mainly because there was rarely anything positive to say about the food's appearance.

Haruko tried to follow the etiquette her mother had taught her in public, but at home she was noisy and messy, just as she was in bed. (Marvel at our filthy sense of humour.) Sawao and Michiko ate with similar disregard for good manners, although that is somewhat less unusual in 6-year-olds. Kei was the only one eating with a semblance of proper manners, and even he would have drawn scorn from the prim.

The prim would have been even more unnecessarily outraged by his mostly critical commentary on the football match showing on the television. Most of his comments could be categorised into 3 classes:

1.“You don't deserve hundreds of millions of yen for playing like that!”

2.“Where are replays when you need them...”

- and, rarely, 3.“That was beautiful.”

As Kei became increasingly annoyed by his team's inability to score, or even connect passes, his outbursts became increasingly passionate, though he refrained from cursing in the presence of his children. Behind him Haruko and the children were laughing and looking at each other. Haruko couldn't understand how someone could get so angry over a football match, but Kei found her gaming rages equally inexplicable, so they were equal.

(This situation is often repeated in our family.)

After several minutes of vigorous eating, Haruko scraped the last grains of rice out of her bowl, and placed it on the table.

“Kei, I'm going to have a second helping. Would anyone else like to claim anything before I eat it?”

“Come on! At least get 3 consecutive passes!”

“Kei...”

He turned to face her.

“We ought to ask the children first. What do you want, Michiko?”

“I'll have some more gōngbǎo jīdīng and some rice, please.”

He put some gōngbǎo jīdīng in her bowl, leaving only a small portion. along with some of the remaining rice.

“Why does Michiko always get to choose first?” said Sawao, his voice laden with anger. “I wanted the gōngbǎo jīdīng as well.”

“It's the order I've chosen. Children before adults, girls before boys.”

“Why do girls get to choose first?”

“Because traditionally they've been put second. I'm a man, and I don't mind. Besides, there's still some gōngbǎo jīdīng left. Here, have it.”

He put the remainder in Sawao's bowl. He looked a little more contented.

“Now, Haruko, take what you want. I don't expect to be left anything.”

Haruko took the rest of the zhāngchá yā and some rice, leaving the huíguōròu and a small portion of rice.

“Thank you, Haruko.”

He put the remaining food in his bowl. Her table manners were ghastly, but Haruko was a courteous girl inside.

Haruko raised her bowl to begin eating again when she noticed an unusual spectacle on the other side of the table. Sawao was slowly moving his chopsticks towards Michiko's bowl. In a sudden swipe he grabbed a piece of chicken and transferred it directly to his mouth. Michiko looked up at him and, without speaking, snatched a piece of chicken from him in an identical manner before chewing contentedly. Sawao then launched another raid, which was immediately parried by Michiko. They looked into each other's eyes.

This was a noble duel. Sawao slid his chopsticks into Michiko's bowl. Michiko then pulled back her chopsticks so the backs of their hands were facing, then struck at his. A rapid sequence of attacks, feints, parries and ripostes ensued before Sawao was eventually repulsed from the bowl. Michiko then lunged into Sawao's bowl and succeeded in grabbing a piece of chicken, only to have it quickly dislodged. Haruko and Kei looked at them, unsure of what to say. Their behaviour was wildly inappropriate, but they looked like promising kendoka.

Eventually Kei spoke.

“Sawao! Michiko! You've got your own food. Stop trying to steal each other's.”

“Sawao started it,” said Michiko as she thrust for another piece of chicken. “I'm only defending myself.”

“You're in his bowl. That's not defending yourself.”

The chopstick duel continued.

“Stop it, children, or I'll split you up – OH! HE SCORED! MY FAITH IS RESTORED!”

Kei bounced in his chair and hugged Haruko, who was still watching the duel. Sawao glanced at the television. As he did so, Michiko flicked his chopsticks out of his hand before stealing a piece of chicken and eating it. Sawao moved his bowl out of Michiko's reach and got down from his chair to pick up his chopsticks from the floor.

“Don't use chopsticks that have been on the floor, Sawao. I'll get you a new pair,” said Haruko.

She got up, walked over to the drawer, got out a pair of chopsticks and gave them to Sawao.

“Give me the dirty chopsticks.”

She took Sawao's dirty chopsticks and put them on the to-be-washed pile, then sat down again. She and Kei had finished their food a while before. The children still had some in their bowls, since they had not been entirely focused on eating. She leant across the table.

“Sawao, Michiko, you shouldn't steal food from other people's bowls. You both have your own food. Now, finish your meals by yourselves.”

After she finished speaking a smile spread across her face. She lunged into Michiko's bowl and snatched a piece of her chicken. Michiko looked at her bemused.

“You've beaten Sawao. I'm your next challenger.”

Haruko and Michiko entered another bout of chopstick kendo. Sawao finished his food, placed his bowl on the table and looked across at them.

“3 way battle!” He plunged his chopsticks into the bowl. Kei looked across at them. It was peurile. It was immature. But even he had to be silly sometimes.

“4 way battle!”

So it came to pass that all 4 members of the Miyazaki family were engaged in a chopstick mêlée over a small portion of gōngbǎo jīdīng. Eventually Kei emerged triumphant, but as a magnanimous victor he declared that Michiko and Sawao should share the remaining food, which they did.

After they had finished, they simultaneously placed their bowls and chopsticks on the table and looked up.

“May Sawao and I go and play now?” asked Michiko. Her face was innocence incarnate. It was difficult to think that this was the same girl who was stealing her brother's food a few minutes before.

“Of course you can,” said Kei. “Your mother and I will stay here and watch the conclusion of the match.”

The children ran down the corridor and vanished from view long before Kei had finished speaking. Haruko took her laptop, mouse and adapter lead from her bag and placed them on the table. She then attached the mouse to the laptop and plugged the laptop into the power socket on the wall with the adapter lead. She started her laptop, selected Windows on her GNU GRUB boot loader and waited while it loaded.

“What are you doing, Haruko?”

“I'm going to change my Steam details. I don't want that bastard getting all my games for free.”

“Since you seem to have a sizeable part of your earnings invested in Steam games, I'd say that was a good idea.”

Windows finished loading. She connected to the family's wireless network. Though wireless network security keys are notoriously easy to crack (there's even an iPad app for it), Haruko and Kei always used HTTPS when possible, so she had few concerns about packet sniffing. This is not a sex act, as less nerdy people than us may be inclined to believe. Of course, a cracker could always just read her password over her shoulder...she cursed herself for being so careless. She opened her Steam account. Nothing had visibly changed. She quickly changed her details.

“Done. I feel a lot better now. Now I just have to change the details on the rest of my subscriptions. First, I'll change my Skype e-mail.”

“That sounds like a lot of work. I'll clear up and wash up,” said Kei.

“Thanks.”

In her periphery she could see the empty bowls, glasses and containers being cleared away as she began changing her contact details for Skype, gaming websites, internet forums and anything else which required her e-mail. The children's school and other family business contacted her though Kei's account, which she also had access to, so she did not have to inform them. Nevertheless, she was surprised at how extensively she had distributed her e-mail. She'd definitely be more careful typing in her password in future. Behind her she heard taps running and brushes scrubbing, along with the occasional passionate interjection directed at the televison, but she did not look back. She needed to be as quick as she could – there were still several computers to fix in the garage, and then she had to fulfil her promise of a Skype call to Tomoyuki. Kei would almost certainly want to have sex, too. She didn't even open the e-mails she had received from her friends. She heard Kei's voice.

“We won! I wasn't expecting that. I'm going upstairs to supervise Sawao and Michiko. Are you alright down here by yourself?”

“Yes, Kei,” she replied indignantly. “I think I'm more self-sufficient than our 6-year-old children, thank you.”

Behind her she heard Kei walk down the corridor and up the stairs.

As Haruko finally logged in to the last online forum, she sat back in her chair and sighed with relief. She still had financial business to sort when her new cards came, but until then everything was done. They were going to have to live on cash alone for 2 days. She smiled. That wasn't too difficult. Before bank cards, everyone did. She shut down her laptop, watched in dismay at how long Windows takes to shut down and stood up. She then turned off the power and unplugged the adapter lead. She had a lot of work to do this evening, and she wasn't going to be available to put the children to bed. She walked down the corridor and up the stairs, towards Sawao and Michiko's bedroom. She stopped outside the door to listen to the lively sounds coming from within.

“Direct hit!” yelled Michiko.

“You just got lucky,” said Sawao.

“It's my shot now,” said Kei.

Haruko pushed open the door to see Kei playing Artillery with Sawao and Michiko.

Artillery is a game invented in real life by my daughter Kanako, and in this fiction by Michiko. She shares a room with her brother Takeshi (Sawao), and they sleep in 2 beds with a small gap in between. To play Artillery, both players first build a town on their beds out of building blocks. They then sit on the far sides of their beds and each take a rubber ball and a blindfold. One player then blindfolds herself, turns a full circle seated, then throws the ball towards the opponent's town. She then removes the blindfold, retrieves her ball (unless her opponent has taken it, in which case a fight ensues) and lets her opponent throw. The winner is the first to demolish her opponent's town. The skill lies in not flattening your own town while throwing.

In the current game, Sawao and Kei were playing against Michiko. Michiko was clearly winning. Only a few buildings in her town were damaged, while most of Sawao's and Kei's was destroyed. Kei was blindfolded, and had raised his arm to throw the ball.

“Mother's here!” squealed Michiko.

As she spoke the ball flew into Michiko's tallest tower and sent it tumbling down. Sawao smiled smugly.

“Why don't you team up with me, Mother? We can play boys versus girls.”

Kei removed his blindfold and turned to look at Haruko in the doorway.

“I'd love to play with you, Michiko, but I have to work. Kei, could you put the children to bed? I have a lot of work to do.”

“Of course! I'd love to. Besides, it's better we don't play boys versus girls. We're having enough trouble beating Michiko without you as well.”

“Thanks, Kei.” Haruko smiled and closed the door as she stepped outside. She walked down the stairs, back down the corridor and through the living room before entering the garage.

The garage, as in most families, served as a storehouse. In prime position near the front door was Kei's Toyota (PRODUCT PLACEMENT FTW!). Piled up by the back door, through which Haruko was entering, were his exercise equipment, gardening tools and a general miscellany of other objects. In another, far more ordered pile were Haruko's tools, and a cabinet containing computer parts packed in foam. Beside them were several computers, monitors and laptops, each with a piece of paper stuck to the case stating what needed to be done, and whether or not that was done. One of the computers was only partially built, though this was not visible from outside the case. In the wall was a power socket and an Internet socket providing a wired connection to the router in the marital bedroom. Haruko was entering the capital of nerdland: her workspace.

Haruko had a very unusual work arrangement, which is exactly the same as Kimiko's, so can't be that unusual. She worked in a computer business with her friends Tomoe (Kana), Hiroto (Ryo), Itsuki (Takahiro) and Min-Jun (Ki-Sung – Kimiko can't even be bothered to change his nationality). Originally they had started as a custom computer service, building computers to order and selling them for less than a pre-made computer of the same quality. However, they could not find sufficient business for this, since the minority who knew enough about computer parts to make an informed decision often just built their computers themselves, so they expanded their business. They continued their custom computer construction, and sold hardware and software, but their greatest source of income now came from computer repairs.

As a mother of 2 young children, Haruko, like her friend Tomoe, could not work full-time. Instead, she took computers home, fixed whatever usually simple problems they had and returned them. She also built custom computers at home. Since computers are both large and heavy she relied on Hiroto to transport them, and her, by car. Before the children went to nursery (kindergarten), her mother had cared for the children while she worked. Now they were at primary school it was much easier – she could work while they were at school. She still had to be flexible, but with her arrangement that was easy. She loved her job, except when she had to deal with stupid and sometimes sexist clients. Machines were so much more reasonable.

In Kimiko's original draft, the reader is now treated to several pages of meticulous and completely accurate description of Haruko changing computer parts, removing malware, cleaning a computer and building a computer. I personally thought the section was quite interesting, partly because I am also a computer geek and partly because I feel obliged to share my wife's interests. However, since it does absolutely nothing to advance the plot or arouse the reader, and might bore less technically inclined readers enough to leave the page, we agreed that it should be omitted. If anyone is disappointed not to read about Haruko's/Kimiko's work, Kimiko gives you 1337 internets and a cute smile. (Those are her actual words.)

Haruko left the garage satisfied that she had done a good evening's work. She had 3 fixed computers and 1 newly built computer ready to bring in to the shop on Monday. Even for a weekend, this was very good business. In total she could expect about 36,000 yen for her work. That was the entire family's food for 3 weeks. In a way it was lucky most people were so utterly ignorant about computers. If people realised how easy it was to clean a desktop computer, they wouldn't pay her 6,000 yen to do it for them. But since they don't, they think that 6,000 yen is a bargain for their computer to run quickly again. She liked to remember that whenever she was struggling to explain computing concepts to customers.

She walked back to the table, collected her laptop, mouse and adapter lead and walked down the corridor cradling them in her arms. She walked up the stairs and into her and Kei's bedroom. Besides the double bed, the marital bedroom also contained the family's router and modem, and Haruko's desktop computer, aptly positioned on her desktop. At the desk was a comfortable brown leather swivel chair. There was a large wardrobe in the corner containing both Haruko's and Kei's clothes, and, fittingly, Kei's shotgun, in a reinforced safe. All around the rest of the room were stacks of carefully ordered manga albums and a few action figures. Kei was sitting on the bed reading “Crime and Punishment” by Fyodor Dostoevsky – a fitting book for an agent of the law. Haruko laid her laptop on the bed and sat next to him. He put in a bookmark and closed the book.

“Haruko! You keep creeping up on me. I need to refine my zanshin (awareness).”

“Don't worry, Kei. I'm not dangerous.”

“I know. I just ought to be more aware.”

Haruko looked at the floor, and then back at Kei.

“I met a new friend today.”

“Did you? Tell me about him.”

“Actually, it's a she. She's called Tomoyuki.”

“A girl? I'm surprised. You don't seem to get on very well with most women.”

“She isn't most women. She uses Linux, and plays Starcraft 2. She even watches My Little Pony.”

“I'm glad to hear you have another female friend.”

“I'm glad, too. She's awesome! Actually, I've arranged to call her on Skype. You can see her for real.”

Haruko got up, switched on the computer and ensconced herself in her chair, spreading her legs so a pervert standing in front of her would have had a prime view of her clean white panties. She selected Linux on the GNU GRUB boot loader and logged in. She then went to her new e-mail account and checked her inbox. There were e-mails from her parents, Tomoe and Hiroto, Itsuki, Min-Jun and Ai. She opened the mail from her parents.

“Don't worry, Haruko. We haven't received anything from your former account. We're glad you cancelled your cards before he could spend too much of your money. Just remember to check behind you before you type in any passwords in future!

Love,

Keiko and Ren”

The rest of the e-mails bore a similar message. She closed her e-mails and opened Skype.

“Don't worry about what happened today,” said Kei. “We can survive without cards for 2 days.”

“I'm just worried you won't trust me with our bank account any more.”

“I trust you! In fact, I trust you more than I did before, after you dealt with today's events so well.”

“I'll be more careful in future.”

“Of course you will! If we learn from our mistakes, they'll be worthwhile.”

Haruko added Tomoyuki as a Skype contact and called her. Seeing she was online, she called her, and invited Itsuki and Min-Jun. Tomoe, Hiroto and Ai were not available. Itsuki was the first to appear. He, like his real-life counterpart Takahiro, was short, fat and utterly unattractive. His hair and eyes were dark. He wore a black T-shirt and thick glasses. His legs were not visible, but if Haruko had been able to see them, she would have recoiled at seeing he was only wearing his underpants. This was mildly hypocritical given the way she was sitting in her skirt. Behind him was a small and cluttered apartment full of nerd paraphernalia and posters of anime girls in suggestive positions.

“Who's XXXNodaTomoyukiXXX? With all those Xs she sounds like a porn star.”

“A new friend. You'll see.”

Min-Jun appeared next. The best way to describe his appearance was that he was average. He was neither tall nor short, thin nor fat, ugly nor handsome. His hair and eyes were also dark. He looked completely unremarkable. He was wearing thin glasses and a white T-shirt. If Haruko could have seen his legs, she would have been relieved to see he was wearing jeans. His room was similar to Itsuki's, but without the posters of anime girls in suggestive positions.

“Who's XXXNodaTomoyukiXXX?”

“A new friend. Hopefully we'll see her soon.”

“I wouldn't get too excited,” said Itsuki. “She hasn't answered yet.”

A few seconds later, Tomoyuki appeared. She was wearing the same plain white shirt she had been wearing when she met Haruko. Her legs were also spread in her chair, revealing her white panties to a theoretical pervert hiding under her desk. This was not visible to any of Haruko's friends. Her room was ordered and tidy, though her nerdery was still confirmed by the carefully organised manga albums and rows of action figures.

“Hello.”

Itsuki opened his eyes wide in awe of Tomoyuki's beauty. He was used to seeing Haruko, Tomoe and Ai's flawless features, but the sight of a new beautiful girl entranced him. Min-Jun also expressed mild surprise at Tomoyuki's appearance.

“Tomoyuki, these are my friends Itsuki and Min-Jun. Tomoe, Hiroto and Ai aren't available. Sorry.”

“You don't need to be sorry! Is that your husband on the bed behind you?”

“Yes. I'm not commiting adultery this evening.”

Everyone laughed.

“I was thinking it might be your brother. I don't like to assume.”

“I'm not commiting incest this evening, either!”

“You've contracted my sense of humour.”

“You exert a powerful influence.”

“How did you actually meet, then?” asked Min-Jun.

Before Haruko could produce a cover story, Tomoyuki covered for her.

“We met in a cafe. Haruko was playing Starcraft 2. I noticed and sat to watch her. After she won we started talking about Starcraft tactics and we quickly became friends.”

“Even to the point of joking about incest.”

“With me, that doesn't take very long. Maybe 30 minutes.”

“I wonder how many women have bonded over discussing the correct way to use medivacs,” said Itsuki.

“Actually, we mostly talked about Protoss,” said Tomoyuki. “I play Protoss. Haruko's Terran. What do you 2 play?”

“Zerg,” said Min-Jun.

“All 3,” said Itsuki. “None of them very well.”

“Maybe you should think about specialising. Does your husband play at all, Haruko?”

“A little, but I'm not very good,” said Kei.

“He's terrible,” said Haruko. “He doesn't even use hotkeys properly.”

“Well, you shouldn't choose a husband on his Starcraft 2 performance. What's his evening performance like?”

“I think I ought to do a little physical training,” said Kei. He got up from the bed and walked out of view, blushing slightly.

“Excellent. I always come during sex. Often twice.”

“I was only joking! I wasn't expecting an answer! Still, you're a lucky girl.”

“You girls have really got friendly now,” said Itsuki. “You've known each other for all of 1 day and you're already discussing your sex lives...”

“If you're feeling jealous, we can discuss your sex lives too.”

“If we actually had sex lives,” said Itsuki.

“I had a girlfriend, but we separated a few weeks ago,” said Min-Jun.

“I'm a virgin,” said Itsuki. “My only true love has been my hand and H-anime.” (The term “hentai” is rarely used within Japan.)

“Since you've asked me about my sex life, it's only fair we get to hear about yours,” said Haruko. “Do you have a boyfriend?”

“Since you've all been honest, so will I. I'm gay. I don't have a girlfriend now.”

Tomoyuki's fascination with Haruko's body now made a lot more sense.

“Ai's gay and single, too. Maybe we could arrange a date for you. I think you'd love her.”

“I think they ought to actually see each other first,” suggested Min-Jun.

“It could be a blind date.”

“Haruko told me Ai was sexy, so it's fine either way,” said Tomoyuki.

“She's definitely sexy,” said Itsuki. “Actually, all our female friends are sexy. Haruko, Tomoe, Ai, now Tomoyuki...they're all centrefold material.”

“Unfortunately I can't say the same about my male friends,” said Haruko.

“We're just lucky to know such sexy women,” said Itsuki, “and unlucky that 2 of them are gay and 2 of them are married.”

“Even if Tomoyuki was Kinsey-0, I sincerely doubt she'd want to date us. Especially you,” said Min-Jun.

“True,” said Itsuki. “Someday I hope I'll find someone. Obviously she won't be as sexy as the 2 lovely ladies we have talking to us now. I have to be realistic.”

“Women are supposed to be more skilled at seeing inner beauty,” said Haruko.

“Frankly, I don't think Itsuki has much of that either,” said Min-Jun.

“True. Years of rejection has taught me to accept that. I realise now that the closest I'm ever going to get to intimacy with a beautiful woman is gazing at her panties when she sits with her legs open on a chair. I don't do it often, but when Haruko spreads her legs facing me, it's difficult not to take a quick glance.”

Haruko expressed mild disgust.

“Before you pass judgement, Haruko, I've done that as well,” said Tomoyuki. “I derive a lot more pleasure than most from ascending escalators.”

Haruko recoiled slightly.

“Next time I meet you, I'm going to wear shorts.”

“I think it's fair, since usually I wear a skirt myself. It's not harming the girl, after all, and I try to be inconspicuous.”

“Our new friend is a pervert! It's time for a celebratory sake!” said Min-Jun. He reached under his desk and brought out a bottle and glass.

“My new friend is an alcoholic! It's time to masturbate on camera!” Tomoyuki reached under her desk and pulled out a vibrator. Haruko and Min-Jun looked shocked.

“Damn. The battery's flat. Never mind.” She put it under her desk again.

“I really need that sake now,” said Min-Jun. He unscrewed the cap and poured himself a glass.

“Shame about the battery. I was going to enjoy that,” said Itsuki.

Min-Jun drank a long draught of sake.

“Does Min-Jun drink a lot?” asked Tomoyuki. “Because that wouldn't be a national stereotype at all...” (South Korea has the world's highest spirit consumption per person.)

“Yes, he does,” said Itsuki. “Luckily we both live above the shop, so I can drive him if he's over the limit.”

“We both have our vices,” said Min-Jun. “I drink too much, Itsuki eats too much. We're both commting suicide in slow motion.”

“I have a vice, too. I'm addicted to masturbation,” said Tomoyuki. “Sometimes I hear people who try to give up smoking saying “I don't know what to do with my fingers.” If they were as dirty-minded as I am, they'd know what to do with their fingers. It's much more enjoyable and it's actually good for you.”

“I don't think that counts as a vice,” said Min-Jun. “A vice has to be bad for someone.”

“Some people would view it as a vice,” said Tomoyuki. “Some men still think that girls don't masturbate.”

“It's the belief that girls are innocent and pure,” said Min-Jun. “In general terms that might be true. But I doubt many men would retain that belief after listening to this conversation.”

“Or any conversation involving Ai,” said Itsuki. “That girl has a filthy sense of humour.”

“And if Itsuki's saying that, you know she's dirty,” said Haruko.

“Even Haruko and Tomoe can get quite dirty sometimes,” said Min-Jun.

“Maybe they've just been corrupted by bad influences,” said Tomoyuki.

“You mean we had a buffer overflow?” asked Haruko.

Everyone laughed.

“Everybody loves nerd jokes,” said Tomoyuki. “Well, everyone here. I've learnt the hard way that it's not a good idea to tell nerd jokes to impress girls.”

“Or boys,” said Haruko. “You have to explain them, and then they're not funny and he just thinks you're weird.”

“I don't want to belittle you girls' frustrating experiences,” said Itsuki, “but I think I have a slightly harder time impressing girls. Even if your prospective partner thinks you're weird, you still look gorgeous. I just look pathetic.”

“True,” said Tomoyuki.

“I must confess, I'm quite shallow-minded when it comes to choosing girls. Obviously personality matters, but I won't even bother approaching her if she isn't sexy. It's stupid, really – what are the chances of finding a sexy girl who understands nerd jokes?”

“Actually, not too bad,” said Min-Jun. “I now know 4 of them.”

(Obviously, since this story is Kimiko's fantasy, the rate of beautiful geeky girls will be much higher than in real life. In real life we only know 2 beautiful geeky girls, Kimiko and Kana.)

“Anyway, I don't need to worry about that, since you're planning a date with Ai.”

“I think you'd love Ai,” said Haruko. “She's very beautiful, too. I have to tell you, though – she's a transvestite. She doesn't want to be a man, but she likes wearing men's clothes.”

“Why would I be deterred by that?” asked Tomoyuki. “I'm gay. I'm unlikely to be a closed-minded conservative.”

“I just thought I ought to tell you.”

“That's fine. When are we thinking about this date, then? Next weekend?”

“It depends on Ai. I could get Kei to ask her. They're going on the beat together tomorrow evening.”

“Good. I'll be waiting.”

The group sat in silence for a few seconds.

“How about we play something? Does anyone here play Planetside 2?”

“We all do,” said Min-Jun. “We've formed a squad. New Conglomerate, Helios.”

“I play Vanu Confederacy, Alkali. I don't have a squad. Forever alone...”

“Just create a new character and come and play with us,” said Haruko.

“I'm on Linux. I'll need to reboot into Windows.”

“Same. What OS are you boys using?”

“I'm on Windows,” said Istuki.

“So am I,” said Min-Jun.

“Actually, I might be able to get my husband to join in. I'll go and get him.”

Haruko got out of her chair and ran downstairs. As she ran she felt moderate desperation in her bladder. She stopped at the bottom of the stairs, leaned against the wall and gently pushed on the front of her skirt with her left hand. She ought to go to the bathroom, but she should get Kei first. He could start the laptop while she was in the bathroom. She regained her posture and walked through the living room to the back door. She opened the back door and looked out to see Kei attacking a makiwara in the garden. She couldn't understand how he could hit it so hard without damaging himself. She'd tried it before, and nearly broken her soft hands and feet, though Kei had blamed her technique rather than her constitution.

“Kei, would you like to come and play Planetside 2 with us?”

Kei jumped back from the makiwara and walked towards her. He was very short of breath, and the hachimaki he had donned was soaked with sweat. He exuded a pungent, masculine odour which Haruko found strangely attractive.

“Of course. I'll come up straight away.”

“I'll go to the bathroom first,” said Haruko.

Kei looked at her.

“Haruko, I know this is going to sound very dirty, but do you think you could hold it in until later?”

Haruko looked up at him.

“Why?”

“Do you want to have sex this evening?”

Haruko turned her leg inwards and leaned against the wall, trying to look sexy.

“Of course I do.”

“Don't try to look sexy, Haruko, or you'll be scrubbing semen out of my underpants.”

Haruko stood up again and laid her hands over the front of her skirt.

“I always try to give you maximum pleasure during sex,” he continued, “and I know that you enjoy sex twice as much if you have a full bladder.”

“I do, yes,” said Haruko. “But you know what happens when we do that.”

Kei smiled.

“I'll put a plastic sheet over the bed. Or we'll do it in the bathroom.”

“The bathroom? Last time we did that I hit my head on the tap. I had a bruise for 3 weeks.”

(Real life experience there)

“Not the bathroom, then. I'll just put a plastic sheet on the bed.”

(We always do that when having sex, in case Kimiko loses control, as she does often.)

“It'll still make a horrible mess. And we might spill my pee on the carpet when we clean up.”

“Good point. Maybe we could do it on the kitchen floor.”

“I don't like doing it on hard surfaces. You're so strong and heavy it feels like I'm being crushed.”

“Haruko, the solution to that's quite obvious.”

“What?”

“You sit on top of me.”

“Then I'll pee all over you!”

“I don't mind being pissed on if it's my Haruko's pee.”

The talk of urination had made Haruko's desperation much worse, and she rubbed her legs and shuffled her feet. When Kei put his arms round Haruko and lifted her off the ground to embrace her, she felt a sudden surge of desperation and clenched her legs together. Normally she would not have felt such intense desperation, but her bladder had already been stretched to its limits and was now weak and slack.

“Put me down! I'm going to wet myself again!”

He put her down.

“Again?”

Haruko dropped her head and looked at the floor. Tears returned to her eyes.

“Did you wet yourself today, Haruko?”

She nodded slowly. He put his arms around her again. She put her head in his chest, since she was unable to fully reach his shoulder. Her tears trickled into Kei's shirt, which was already drenched with sweat.

“The staff at the cafe really wanted me to go, so I kept buying coffee. I had 6. Then the toilet was occupied, and I had to go to the shops to get food, so I ran there, but I wasn't quick enough...Tomoyuki bought me clean clothes, and I thought I could hide it from you...”

“Haruko, I already knew. I saw you were wearing different panties, and your eyes looked like you'd been crying recently. You can't trick a policeman that easily.”

“I tried to hold it in, Kei. But I just couldn't. Once it started coming out, I couldn't stop it.”

“I wouldn't blame my beautiful wife for wetting her panties, Haruko! It was an accident. Remember what I said about mistakes? If we learn from them, they're worthwhile?”

Haruko looked up at him, her eyes glistening with tears.

“You've learnt not to drink 6 large black coffees in 1 sitting. That's a lesson worth learning.”

Haruko smiled.

“Now, how about we go upstairs and play Planetside 2 with your friends?”

“I'm not sure I'll be able to concentrate properly when my bladder's this full.” She squirmed and pressed her hands into her skirt.

“Then just tell them I didn't want to play and wanted to have sex. That way I get all the blame for being a satyromaniac.”

“I don't think you're a satyromaniac for wanting to have sex with your wife after being on evening patrol for most of the week.”

“Neither do I. I was joking.”

Haruko continued to bounce and squirm. The spasm that Kei lifting her had caused had doubled her desperation.

“I'll go upstairs and tell them. I don't think you should be climbing any stairs if you're as desperate as you look.”

“No, Kei. I'll come too.”

“Alright, Haruko, if you think you can hold it. I'll carry you if you want.”

Haruko rolled her hips and pushed into her crotch.

“No, thank you. I'll walk.”

Kei walked down the corridor to the bottom of the stairs. Haruko squeezed her legs together and followed. When she reached the foot of the stairs she shuffled from one foot to the other and bounced up and down. Since she was at home with only her husband watching her she could dance and squirm as much as she wanted.

“Stay here, Haruko,” said Kei. “You shouldn't risk climbing the stairs with such a full bladder.”

“No, I want to come.” She stepped onto the stairs, then immediately agreed with Kei as a massive spasm bent her over and made her squeal in distress. She immediately descended. Her bladder was severely weakened. She realised that holding in more urine would only make it weaker, but the thought of sex on a full bladder was too enticing.

“Haruko, listen. Go back to the kitchen and take off your clothes. Then try to hold as much in as you can while I'm upstairs. OK?”

“OK.”

“I'll be as quick as I can.”

Kei ran upstairs and into their bedroom. Tomoyuki, Itsuki and Min-Jun looked at him in the screen. They all looked distinctly impatient, and the level of sake in Min-Jun's bottle was lower.

“Finally, Kei,” said Itsuki. “Where's Haruko?”

“I'm sorry, I can't play now. Haruko and I are going to have sex downstairs. Goodbye.”

Before anyone could object, he closed Skype and ran downstairs again.

Meanwhile, Haruko struggled back to the kitchen and squirmed in the corner. To remove her panties she had to take her hands out of her crotch, and without the extra pressure she could lose control. She couldn't take them off without risking splashing the floor. She heard Kei running downstairs. He stopped in front of her and immediately began to strip, struggling to remove his sweat-soaked shirt.

“Aren't you going to strip, Haruko?”

Haruko felt regressed and infantile. She couldn't even remove her own clothes.

“I can't. I'll pee.”

Kei pulled down his trousers and removed his boxers. Contrary to some people's expectations, Japanese people do not have pixelated genitalia, and Kei bore a large, solid erection surrounded by thick pubic hair. (One of Kimiko's fetishes.)

“I'll strip you, then.” He walked over to her and knelt down.

“I can't take your shirt off with your hands in your skirt. Shall I take your panties off?”

“Yes,” whimpered Haruko. Kei's hands slid up Haruko's smooth legs and slipped into her panties. He gently eased them down her legs and onto the ground. She stepped back out of them and he put them aside.

“That wasn't too difficult, was it? You could actually have sex now if you want.”

“Yes.” Kei lay on the floor between her legs, with his penis protruding into the air. Haruko gently lowered herself down towards him, denying her bladder relief.

“Do you want me to rub you a little first? It might hurt if you're not aroused enough.”

“No.” Haruko struggled to give more than monosyllabic answers. Her desperation was so intense that she could think of little else.

She dropped onto Kei's penis and felt it slide inside her. This multiplied her desperation again. She squealed in a mixture of ecstasy and agony as she tried to thrust. As she slid back onto Kei's testicles, her sphincter finally resigned and opened. As she rose and fell urine shot out of her urethra and splashed over Kei's genitals. The release was almost orgasmic. After a few further thrusts she experienced a genuine orgasm, but this was almost indistinguishable from the pure ecstasy she was already experiencing.

She howled and screamed so loudly that Kei became quite concerned that she would wake the children. His worries were displaced as he also climaxed, shooting semen into Haruko's vagina. Haruko barely felt it herself. Her extended orgasm lasted about 40 seconds. As it ebbed away she thrusted slower and slower and returned to her senses. Kei was lying in a pool of female pee, and bore a contented smile on his face. She slowly withdrew, leaving Kei's penis to relax. She looked down. Her skirt was soaked around the hemline with urine, semen and vaginal discharge, and clung to her legs. She quickly removed it and threw it away. Her legs were drooling with bodily fluids. She sat in the pool next to Kei, spreading her legs.

“Do you want me to make you come again, Haruko?” he asked.

“Yes, please,” she giggled, assuming the manner of a misbehaving schoolgirl. Kei placed his right hand on her clitoris and gently began to rub. This was what Haruko admired most about him. Kei could crush bamboo stems in his hand, but when he touched her he was always soft and gentle. As her vagina dilated again he slipped his index and middle fingers inside and began to rub her g-spot. She felt pleasure growing in her again. She squealed and kicked her legs.

“Be careful with your legs, Haruko. I want to wake up tomorrow with all the teeth I had this morning.”

She ignored him. She was too aroused to listen. She could feel another orgasm approaching. Finally, after a long plateau, she came. She screamed nearly as loud as before, and kicked high in the air. Kei looked slightly worried. He'd seen the power a girl could generate in a kick before, and didn't fancy taking one under the chin. He removed his fingers and backed away. A few seconds later Haruko's legs settled on the ground. She panted in exhaustion and fell backwards into the puddle.

“Well done, Haruko. You've got your shirt wet. Never mind, we'll soak it with your skirt.”

“Sorry, Kei. I don't think I can move now.”

“At least your panties are dry. Now, let's start cleaning up this mess. We'll go for a shower, then come back down and mop the floor.”

He walked over to Haruko. His genitals and legs were also dripping with his semen and Haruko's vaginal fluids and urine. He offered his hand to her.

“Come on, Haruko. Get up.” He paused.

“You want me to carry you, don't you?”

Haruko smiled and nodded.

“Of course I'll carry my little Haruko.”

He squatted down and put his arms around her torso. He then stood up, holding her perpendicular to his body.

“I'm going to take your shirt off. Raise your arms.”

Haruko obeyed. He pulled her shirt over her head and cast it over by her wet skirt. He then carried her back down the corridor and up the stairs. She looked up at him in humble admiration, still dazed from the pleasure she'd experienced. He opened the bathroom door, carried her inside and sat her on the toilet seat. He then turned on the shower and put his hand under it until it was the proper temperature. Haruko stood up and staggered to the shower. She put her hand into the shower.

“Is it the right temperature?”

“Yes.”

Kei and Haruko both got into the shower and felt the clean water wash their bodily fluids away.

“I don't know why it's supposed to be normal to have sex in bed,” said Haruko. “I wouldn't like to sleep in a bed we'd had sex in.”

“Neither would I. But I don't think most people's sex is as messy as ours.”

“Maybe not. But I wouldn't have it any other way.”

“Neither would I. In the past, some couples only ever had sex in the missionary position. No foreplay, no variety. Some women never had orgasms.”

Haruko shook her head. Kei picked up a bar of soap and washed himself, then gave it to Haruko.

“Don't drop the soap, Haruko. Your little rear is very inviting.”

Haruko looked indignantly at Kei.

“Sorry, Haruko. That was very immature.”

Haruko washed herself with the soap.

“Once we've finished showering, we'll dry our hair and put on our pyjamas, then we'll go downstairs and clean up the mess. Then we'll clean our teeth and go to bed.”

Once Haruko had finished cleaning herself, she turned off the shower and got out. Kei followed her.

They both dried themselves with towels, then walked into their bedroom and sat on the bed. The computer was still on.

“May I turn off the computer, Haruko?”

“Please do.”

Kei shut down the computer, then got their hair dryer out of the wardrobe. Haruko, being the nerd she was, had customised it to look like a raygun. (Kimiko has also done this. Haters gonna hate.) He plugged it in and sat down beside her again. He combed Haruko's hair with the comb on the bedside table, then dried it before doing the same for himself. Conversation obviously ceased for the duration of this procedure. Once Kei finished drying his hair, he unplugged the hair dryer and returned it to the wardrobe.

“Kei, could you do something for me tomorrow?”

“What?”

“Tomoyuki's gay, and looking for a sexy partner, so we suggested Ai. Do you think she'd be interested in meeting her?”

“Well, I haven't seen much of Tomoyuki, but from the little I've seen I think Ai would be squirting herself.”

“I thought so too. Could you tell Ai about her tomorrow? We were hoping to arrange a date by the weekend.”

“I'm always happy to help Ai find love. Now, let's get our pyjamas on.”

Haruko stood up and walked over to the wardrobe. She took out her blue pyjamas and slippers and put them on. Kei donned white pyjamas and slippers.

“Now, let's go down and clear up the mess,” said Kei.

Kei and Haruko walked downstairs and surveyed the pool of bodily fluids on the floor.

“I'll go and get the mop and bucket,” said Kei. “You fill a bucket to soak your clothes.”

Haruko filled a bucket with water and threw in her soaked skirt and shirt. It felt deeply wrong to be washing vaginal secretions off a shirt bearing children's cartoon characters. She carried the bucket out to the back door, so the children wouldn't see it and ask awkward questions. Kei mopped the floor.

“Tomorrow I'm on evening patrol again. I'll probably have gone to the station by the time you get back from the shop to collect the children. That's the biggest problem with being a police officer: most crime happens in the evenings, so most beat officers are required in the evenings. And that's when your children are home. Before then I'll be playing golf with Ai, Kenshin and Toshiro, so I'll be out for most of the day.” (Doctors like me have similar problems. I don't see my children as much as I'd like.)

“You're basically spending the day with her, then. If she wasn't completely gay I'd be concerned.”

“Most people think it's strange that my best friend is a woman. But we've never been anything other than friends.”

“I know. Did you do all the housework I told you to do?”

“Yes, all of it.”

“You're wonderful.”

Kei finished mopping the floor, then tipped the bucket down the toilet and wrung out the mop. He then thoroughly washed his hands.

“Done. Now we'll lock up, turn off the lights, clean our teeth and go to bed.”

“I'll go upstairs.” Haruko ran upstairs and locked the windows. Kei locked the downstairs windows and the back door, then switched off the lights and followed her upstairs.

“After you, Haruko.”

Haruko entered the bathroom and cleaned her teeth. Her legs were still shaking from the torments and pleasures they had suffered. Tomorrow she was going to regularly use the bathroom and refrain from masturbating, to give her groin a rest. She left the bathroom, and Kei replaced her. She entered the bedroom and got into bed. She wriggled a little to make herself comfortable, then fell asleep within seconds. Kei emerged from the bathroom to see his Haruko sleeping soundly. He thought for a few moments about just how cute she looked, then switched off the lights and joined her in bed. They didn't need an alarm clock – Sawao and Michiko reliably woke them at 7:00 every morning. Within a few minutes he too was asleep.

