White Tights - Page 2

Author: Humil

*025*2015-10-31 22:08

Given that the main character has been told she's in nappies for the term, there will be a lot more of them. I'm sorry if that's not your thing. The only way round it would be to start humiliating other girls which I hadn't planned to do.

*027*2015-11-01 11:40

Thanks for the feedback everybody. I think I may be developing something of a problem. All I can think about is writing the next chapter. Here it is.

Chapter nine

Chloe quickly made her way to the next class, hoping that if she was swift less people would be aware of her. It wasn’t particularly effective. It seemed to Chloe that the whole school had heard about the year 13 girl who had wet herself. Girls much younger than Chloe laughed and taunted her as she walked past. The reaction was no different when she got into class and sat down. Jessica turned to her as she put her bag under the table.

‘Have you wet yourself again yet?’ she asked, clearly hoping for an affirmative answer.

‘No,’ Chloe lied. She told herself that it wasn’t a proper lie, because she’d only let out a little bit and you couldn’t even tell if you looked at her nappy. After her experience at break time she realised that she could expect no help from the prefects, so she would just have to look to the teachers for help. Mr Thomas would be along soon, and he was a kind teacher. Surely he would let her go to the toilet.

‘Well it doesn’t look like you can hold out much longer,’ Jessica stated dryly, ‘I wonder if you can make it to the end of the lesson.’

Chloe couldn’t disagree with Jessica. She was desperate, and it was becoming increasingly obvious. She couldn’t keep her legs still. As some girls who hadn’t seen Chloe yet that morning filed into the room, all her fidgeting and squirming immediately drew their eyes to her slender legs jostling about in her white tights. Chloe was doing her best to ignore the laughter when Mr Thomas walked in.

‘Okay girls, in your seats. Quickly please,’ he shouted above the clamour of the pupils. ‘Right,’ said Mr Thomas, ‘before we get started, there’s something I need to talk to you about. It has come to my attention that girls have been passing notes in my classroom. While you know that I am normally quite a permissive teacher, I find this incredibly rude. I’m using this opportunity to give you fair warning. If I catch somebody passing a note, I won’t care who wrote it, or if they were just passing it along, or any of the other excuses you come out with. That girl will have to read the note aloud to the entire class and will then come to the front of the class to be spanked over her knickers. I will not tolerate it. Are we clear?’

‘Yes sir,’ mumbled the class.

Chloe waited until Mr Thomas had finished his rant, and then put her hand up.

‘Is something the matter Chloe?’

‘Can I go to the toilet please sir?’ asked Chloe, trying her best to look endearing.

‘I’m afraid not Chloe. You know you aren’t allowed to take, um, certain items off by yourself and I can’t leave the class unattended to take you to the toilet.’ He seemed almost embarrassed by it himself. Mr Thomas asked the class to open their textbooks and the lesson began. Chloe was at least happy to be sat next to Sophie, rather than Alice this time.

Sophie and Chloe had been friends for a long time, and knew each other intimately. Before either of them had boyfriends, they used to have sleepovers were they would practice their kissing technique on each other. Chloe wasn’t sure at first, but Sophie had convinced her by telling her that she needed to be ready when a hot boy wanted to kiss her. Sophie had also introduced Chloe to masturbation. Once again, Chloe had been shy, but Sophie convinced her it was the best thing ever. She had shown Chloe how it was done, and then encouraged her to do it herself. They told each other everything that went on with their boyfriends, and Chloe couldn’t help but feel that Sophie would try just about anything. It had been Chloe’s idea to go shopping for sexy underwear at the weekend, but that now seemed a lifetime ago.

Chloe was awoken from her day dream when she realised that Mr Thomas was speaking to her.

‘I’ll ask you one last time Chloe. What is that in front of you?’

Chloe looked down at the desk in front of her and realised that there was a note on her desk.

‘It looks like a note sir.’

‘Well Chloe, you were warned. Stand up and read it out please.’

Chloe picked up the note and gingerly rose to her feet. The movement reminded her of just how desperate for the toilet she was. Chloe wasn’t sure she would make it until lunch time.

‘Well Chloe, what does the note say?’

‘Sir, it says, ‘do you think she’s a bedwetter?’’

‘Is there a reply Chloe?’ Mr Thomas asked.

‘Yes sir, it says ‘I heard that she wet the bed on the trip to France last year.’ But sir, that’s not true, I didn’t,’ pleaded Chloe.

‘Chloe, I have no interest in whether or not you wet the bed.’ The girls laughed. ‘I do, however, care that you were passing notes after I explicitly told you not to. I feel I was quite clear about what the consequences would be. Come to the front of the class.’

Chloe tentatively stepped towards the front of the class, all too aware that she was once again the centre of attention. She also felt that she was on the verge of wetting herself. Mr Thomas positioned himself on a chair at the front of the class and Chloe nervously laid across his lap.

‘I did say,’ began Mr Thomas, ‘that I would be spanking any offenders over their knickers. Seeing as you aren’t wearing any, I shall have to be content to spank you over your nappy.’

The other girls in the class gasped as Mr Thomas lifted up Chloe’s skirt and pulled her tights down, exposing her nappy. While the class were distracted with the spectacle at the front, Sophie used the opportunity to remove Chloe’s phone from her bag. Intent on having some fun, she sent Ryan, Chloe’s boyfriend, a text message.

‘Can you come and meet me after school? I went shopping for some sexy knickers at the weekend and I’m wearing them right now, under my school uniform. I want you to see them tonight. X’

*029*2015-11-01 15:28

Here's the next chapter. Let me know if you like it (or if you don't).

Chapter ten

Chloe’s second spanking of the day was nowhere near as painful as the first, but it was just as humiliating. While the nappy offered her bottom a layer of protection, having it exposed to the whole class like this was very embarrassing for Chloe. Each spank sent a jolt through her body, and every jolt threatened to be the one that ended her control over her poor, aching bladder. As if things weren’t uncomfortable enough, she could feel something prodding her from underneath, and realised with horror that Mr Thomas had an erection. He was enjoying spanking her, or exposing her nappy, or both.

Meanwhile, at the back of the classroom, Sophie was now fully engaged in a text conversation with Ryan.

‘What kind of sexy underwear?’ Ryan had texted back.

‘Well, you’ll just have to wait and see won’t you? I’ve been a very naughty girl Ryan, you might need to spank me. X’

‘Seriously? I thought you weren’t into that?’

‘You’ve always wanted to haven’t you? Spank me in my school uniform like a naughty girl? X’

‘You know I have, I just didn’t think you would ever let me.’

‘I’m feeling very naughty, and tonight I want you to have the best night of your life. I’ll let you do anything you like to me. X’

‘Anything?’

‘Anything you like. See you after school. X’

Completely unaware of the promises that Sophie was making on her behalf, Chloe was beginning to panic. She could feel her control slipping. Each time she felt the hand come down onto her nappy she was sure that she was leaking. Again and again she released a small spurt of urine into her nappy, completely powerless to stop it, until one thundering slap to her rear demolished the little self-control she had left. Chloe felt the floodgates open and realised with horror that she was completely flooding her nappy in front of the whole class. Mr Thomas slapped her nappy covered bottom again, and realised that the nappy had changed texture. He stopped.

‘Chloe, have you just, just … disgraced yourself?’ he asked.

‘Yes sir,’ Chloe responded, sobbing.

‘Right, well I’m sure you’ve learned your lesson. Up you get,’ Mr Thomas said awkwardly.

As Chloe stood up her nappy sagged down and the whole class got an eyeful before her skirt dropped. Her tights were still halfway down her legs, but she didn’t dare pull them up in case she made matters worse. Chloe noticed that Mr Thomas made no effort to stand up, and wondered if he was still enjoying himself. There was a brief moment of quiet, and it almost seemed as if some of Chloe’s classmates felt sorry for the poor girl.

‘I’m afraid I don’t have … well, I don’t have any nappies in here Chloe,’ explained Mr Thomas. ‘I only teach years 11, 12 and 13, and they’ve never needed them before,’ he said as he pulled her tights up. The tights pushed the wet nappy up against Chloe’s skin, and she felt the urine pool around her bottom. ‘You’ll have to go to the office and see if somebody there can sort you out,’ Mr Thomas said, not without sympathy.

‘That won’t be necessary sir,’ Sarah said, rising from her seat. ‘I was with Chloe this morning when she was first put back in nappies. I took the liberty of bringing some supplies because I thought she might need a change. I can do it right here.’

‘Oh, how thoughtful Miss Daniels,’ Mr Thomas replied.

‘Thoughtful,’ thought Chloe, ‘she just wants to take my nappy off in front of everybody.’

‘Why don’t you climb up on this table Chloe? We’ll get you into a nice clean nappy,’ Sarah teased.

Chloe, realising there was no way out for her, started to clamber onto the table.

‘Uh oh. You weren’t going to put your shoes on the furniture were you little miss?’ said Sarah.

Reluctantly Chloe bent down and took her shoes off, placed them on the floor and climbed onto the table with her tights-encased feet. There was no pretence that a lesson was still going on. All eyes were on Chloe, including those of Mr Thomas, who watched, completely mesmerised as if he were in some kind of trance. He had his hand in his pocket, and Chloe realised with horror that he was touching himself. Her young, attractive teacher had gotten off on spanking her and was now getting off at the thought of her having her nappy changed in full view of the class. Chloe lay on her back on the table without even being asked.

‘I think it will be easier if we just take your skirty-wirty off won’t it Chloe-kins?’ chided Sarah. She was obviously hell bent on making the whole process as humiliating as possible. Sarah unzipped and removed Chloe’s skirt.

‘Probably best to just take these completely off too,’ Sarah said as she slid the tights down Chloe’s legs and then took them off of each foot. There were excited giggles as Chloe lay on the table, wearing nothing on her lower half but a discoloured, sagging nappy.

‘Is Aunty Sarah going to find a little parcel in the back of your nappy?’ Sarah asked with glee.

Chloe couldn’t bring herself to respond.

‘Hey, she asked you a question!’ Lily sneered. ‘Did you take a dump as well?’

‘Of course not!’ snapped Chloe, though she realised that the idea of messing herself was growing less and less far-fetched as the day went on.

‘Right then, let’s get your smelly nappy off before you get a nasty rash on your fluflu,’ said Sarah in a condescending tone. Sarah took her time undoing each of the four tapes of the nappy. She grabbed the front of the nappy and paused for a moment for dramatic effect. Chloe realised she was holding her breath. Sarah had said that she would show everybody Chloe’s baby-smooth fanny and it seemed like she was being true to her word.

When Sarah pulled the front of Chloe’s nappy down, there was shocked silence, followed by a tirade of laughter and ridicule. Mr Thomas just sat there and watched.

‘Look at her pussy! She looks like an actual baby!’

‘Do you think it’s part of the punishment? Do they shave you down there or something?’

‘No way. I saw Katy have her nappy changed a few times back in year 10, and she had a little jungle going on down there.’

‘Look at how stained her nappy is!’

Chloe instinctively rose her bottom up for Sarah to slide the wet nappy out from under her, and Sarah took her sweet time folding it up and taping it closed.

‘Oh dear,’ she said ‘I seem to have left my supplies at the other end of the room. I’m sure these other girls can watch you while I go and get them.’

Sarah slowly sauntered over to her bag, while Chloe was left exposed for everybody to look at. The air felt cool against Chloe’s wet bottom. Sarah returned with her supplies and started going to work with the baby wipes. She was being incredibly thorough and spent much longer than necessary ‘cleaning’ Chloe’s vagina in an attempt to humiliate Chloe further by getting her aroused. Chloe, however, was far too humiliated for it to work. Sarah then had one of the other girls lift Chloe’s ankles so that her red bottom was exposed.

Sarah took her time cleaning this area too, and paid special attention to Chloe’s arsehole, even pushing the baby wipe inside slightly which made Chloe squirm. Sarah had hoped for another poo-stained wipe to embarrass Chloe with, but had no such luck, so settled for giving her upturned bottom a couple of sharp slaps. With Chloe’s legs still up in the air Sarah slid the fresh nappy under her and applied a liberal sprinkling of baby powder. She then brought her legs back down and opened them wide to powder the front before taping the nappy into place.

‘Aren’t you going to thank me?’ asked Sarah.

Chloe turned her face to the side and ignored the question. Sarah pinched the tender skin at the top of Chloe’s inside thigh.

‘Ow!’ squeaked Chloe.

‘I said aren’t you going to thank me?’

‘Thank you,’ Chloe said grudgingly.

‘What for?’ asked Sarah, ready to pinch again if she didn’t get the answer she wanted.

‘For … for changing my nappy,’ sobbed Chloe.

‘And why did I have to change your nappy?’ She caught and tender piece of flesh between her nails and squeezed.

‘OW! Because I wet myself!’ shouted out Chloe, much to the amusement of the other girls.

‘Now say it all together please, and call me Aunty Sarah,’ said Sarah with a devious smile.

‘Thank you, ow, Aunty Sarah, for changing my nappy after I wet myself!’

‘That’s okay sweetie. It’s not your fault if you’re still a little baby who can’t be trusted not to piss in her nappies. Now let’s get those tights back on. We wouldn’t want people mistaking you for a big girl now would we?’

*031*2015-11-01 18:31

Do you feel the quality is suffering?

I'm just trying to get a fair chunk done before going back to work because I know that once I do I'll have no personal time for several weeks.

*033*2015-11-01 21:49

Okay, this really is the last post before the quality drops off. I have to be up for work in just over seven hours, and once I'm back it might be a while before I can commit time to it in the way that I have been doing. Don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining, it's been a very liberating experience for me to write this. I do fully plan to continue it, but I can't promise regular updates. I will try though, as there seem to be people enjoying it. It's now almost as long as my dissertation was, which is crazy.

Apologies to those who aren't overly into the nappy/diaper thing.

Also, as fair warning to people, the way the story is heading I can't help but feel that there will be messing somewhere down the line. It's mentioned in these chapters, but doesn't actually occur. That's right, chapters. Bonus chapter!

Chapter eleven

When she was fully clothed again, Chloe returned to her seat, her face burning with shame. Mr Thomas looked incredibly flustered, but somehow managed to compose himself somewhat, and carry on with some semblance of a lesson. Very few of the girls were paying attention though, as most of them were talking about what they had just witnessed. Chloe wasn’t at all surprised that even Sophie couldn’t just ignore what she had seen.

‘Are you going to tell Ryan that his little shaving idea wasn’t one of his best?’ Sophie asked.

‘No. If I tell him that he’s going to want to know why, and there’s no way I’m telling him what’s happened this morning,’ said Chloe.

‘He’ll find out sooner or later Chloe.’

‘I don’t see why he would.’

‘Are you going to tell him you’ve made some sort of abstinence pledge or something? Because I don’t think that boy can be in your company for more than a few minutes without trying to get in your knickers. All it would take is cheeky pinch to the bum, and you’re rumbled.’

‘I’m not going to be wearing nappies outside of school though am I? My dad would never agree to it. All I need to do is make sure he doesn’t try to cop a feel when I’m in uniform and he doesn’t have to be any the wiser,’ Chloe said confidently.

‘What about if he sees the white tights?’ asked Sophie.

‘He doesn’t know what they mean does he? It’s not exactly a policy that the school shouts about. Only the girls at this school, and their parents I suppose, know that it means I’ve got a nappy on.’ Chloe couldn’t tell if it was a good thing or a bad thing that she was getting more used to talking about her nappies.

‘Even if he doesn’t know about your, uh, special underwear, won’t he think the tights are a bit little-girly?’ asked Sophie.

‘Soph, this is the same Ryan who thinks I look cute with a hairless fanny, and likes me to wear knickers that I should have thrown out years ago. He’ll probably just be turned on.’

‘Yeah, I think the whole school knows about your poor choice of knickers for today. I mean really, Spongebob? Still, if he likes your baby fanny, your baby knickers and your baby tights, maybe he’ll like your baby nappy too?’ Sophie suggested in a tone that was not unkind.

Chloe knew that Sophie didn’t mean any harm by referring to all her ‘baby’ things, but it made her suddenly feel very self-conscious.

When the bell went for lunch, Chloe stuck with Sophie, the only person who had shown any real sympathy all day, apart from her sister. Nobody else seemed to want to sit at their table, but plenty were happy to comment as they walked by. Chloe did her best to filter out the taunts, but she couldn’t help listening.

‘You’ve barely touched your food,’ Sophie observed.

‘It’s just, you know, if it goes in, it’ll come out again won’t it?’

‘That is how digestion works, silly. But it won’t happen right away. By the time that food is ready to come out, you’ll be home, sat on the toilet with your regular knickers round your ankles. Don’t worry about it. You don’t need to go now, do? Number two I mean?’

‘No, not really. I suppose I could eat. Drinking’s a different story though.’

‘Chloe, you have to eat and drink. You’ll make yourself ill if you don’t,’ Chloe said sternly.

‘But I’ll wet myself if I do,’ Chloe said forlornly.

‘Look, Chloe, I’ll level with you. Whatever you do, no matter how much you try to avoid it, you will pee in your nappy at school. You’ll get no help from the teachers, and Sarah and the other prefects have got it in for you, so it’s gonna happen. Yes, it might be embarrassing getting your nappy changed in front of everybody, but you can’t change that. But people will lose interest. It will just be one of those things that people get tired of. Do you remember when Katy Flynn had to wear the white tights in year ten?’

‘Yeah.’

‘And she had one hell of a stomach bug. She didn’t just wet her nappies, she was crapping in them, and regularly.’

‘And everybody had a good laugh at her expense when she had to have her nappy changed, just like they have with me,’ Chloe muttered.

‘Yeah, at first they did. At first. Then it stopped being interesting. The last couple of days she stunk to high hell because nobody would even agree to change her. Nobody wanted to wipe her shitty arse. It’ll be the same with you. As long as things stay on the same level they’re at now, people will stop caring. Just keep your head down, try not to get in any trouble, accept that you’ll wet yourself sometimes and make sure you don’t need to take a dump while you’re in school. You’ll be fine.’

Chloe understood what her friend was saying, but she didn’t completely believe it. What if she got in trouble again? What if, one day, she couldn’t hold on until she got home so she did crap herself? She was being punished for a long time, and had to admit it was a possibility, as much as she might not want to.

Mia approached the table and sat down next to Chloe.

‘Mia, since when did you come and sit with me at lunch?’ Chloe asked.

‘Well it’s not like you’re so popular right now that there’s no room for me is it?’

‘I suppose not,’ Chloe conceded.

‘Anyway, I need to talk to you. Mum’s been on the phone to me, and she’s pissed. Apparently she’s been trying to call you, and you haven’t been picking up.’

‘I haven’t heard my phone ring. Let me check it.’

Chloe rummaged through her bag, looking for her phone, but it was nowhere to be found.

‘As if the day wasn’t bad enough, I think somebody’s nicked my phone,’ moaned Chloe.

‘Well anyway, the head has been in touch, about you know, your punishment. They’ve suggested that it carries on at home as well,’ Mia explained.

‘And I suppose your mum thinks it’s a good idea? A chance to get back at me for the times that dad wouldn’t let her spank me?’ asked Chloe.

‘Yeah. She thinks it’s a good idea. You know I would’ve argued your case if I thought it would make any difference, but I’d just get in trouble myself.’

‘That’s okay Mia. My dad won’t go along with it anyway.’

‘That’s just it,’ Mia said apologetically, ‘your dad has been called away on business. He won’t be home for at least a week.’

All the colour drained from Chloe’s face. Her hands and feet suddenly felt numb, and her throat was dry.

‘Are you telling me that I’ve got to wear nappies all the time?’ she asked Mia.

‘It’s worse than that. She told me that her days of changing nappies are long behind her.’

‘What’s that supposed to mean?’ asked Chloe.

‘She wants me to be in charge of changing you,’ Mia said.

‘You? You? But you’re younger than me. You can’t change me!’

‘You always have to bring my age into it don’t you?’ said Mia, raising her voice in anger, ‘You’re barely any older than I am! For what it’s worth I’m not particularly looking forward to wiping your smelly arse anyway!’ Mia carried on, at a full blown shout now that was drawing the attention of the other girls. ‘If you’re so worried about having your nappies changed by your little sister, perhaps you shouldn’t have pissed your knickers in the first place!’ With that, Mia stormed off, while many of the other girls applauded her.

‘I think you might have pissed her off,’ said Sophie.

Chapter twelve

The afternoon was taken up by double PE, which meant that Chloe and Sophie both needed to go to their lockers to pick up their PE kit. They went to Sophie’s first, and then onto Chloe’s. As they approached Chloe’s locker they noticed a group of year seven girls sniggering. When Chloe saw her locker it was obvious what they were laughing at. On the front of her locker somebody had stuck a copy of her school picture from the previous year. However, over her smile somebody had superimposed a dummy, so that it looked like she was sucking on it. To add insult to injury, there was a speech bubble saying Thank you Aunty Sarah for changing my nappy after I wet myself.

‘You have to hand it to them,’ Sophie said, ‘It’s a pretty convincing photoshop job.’ Sophie’s attempt to lighten the mood really wasn’t working. Chloe was dreading this afternoon for two reasons. Firstly PE meant Miss Jenkins, who was well known for cruelty to students. She seemed to enjoy humiliating them. Chloe could remember one occasion when a sixteen year old girl had forgotten her PE kit, and rather than lend her some from the spare cupboard, Miss Jenkins had made the girl do it in her underwear like a 5 year old. The second reason was that PE meant getting changed. The whole school might know that she was wearing a nappy, but that didn’t mean that she was happy to show it off.

The girls walked into the changing room and put their bags down on a bench. Chloe got as far as taking her blazer and shoes off and stopped. She looked around at the other girls getting changed and found herself incredibly jealous of what she was beginning to think of as ‘big girl knickers.’ She’d settle for Spongebob ones right about now, or even some of the even more embarrassing pairs that Ryan seemed to like. Sophie had taken her skirt off and was stood with her pink bikini knickers showing through her tights.

‘Look,’ Sophie said, stopping what she was doing, ‘half the girls in here have seen it already. You might as well just get it over with.’

Chloe could see that Sophie had a point, and more than half of the girls were changed and on their way out anyway. Still, she couldn’t help hesitating a bit. Sophie pulled her shorts up over her pink knickers.

‘Don’t sweat it, I’ll see you out there okay? Don’t take too long, you know how Miss Jenkins gets if you’re late.’

With that, Sophie was gone. Realising that she was right, Chloe unzipped and removed her skirt. She had just started to roll her tights down her legs when she felt a sharp pain in her ear.

‘You’re not allowed to take them off, remember?’ hissed Lily. ‘Let’s see what Miss Jenkins thinks of your disobedience.’

Lily pulled Chloe along by the ear, out of the changing room and into the sports hall. There was laughter as the waiting crowd caught sight of her with no skirt, and her tights at the middle of her thighs, exposing her shameful underwear.

‘What’s all this about Lily?’ asked Miss Jenkins.

‘I caught her trying to take her tights off Miss, after the headmaster told her that she isn’t allowed to.’

‘Okay, Lily. Let her go. I’ll deal with her.’ She turned to Chloe, ‘why were you taking your tights off Chloe?’

‘For PE Miss. I was getting changed into my PE kit. I thought that was allowed.’

‘Oh no, Chloe. Rules are rules. Still if you wanted help taking your tights off you could have just asked me. Would you like me to help you?’ Miss Jenkins asked with a sadistic grin.

‘Yes please Miss,’ said Chloe, eager to get back to the changing room to cover her nappy with her shorts.

Miss Jenkins pulled Chloe’s tights down the rest of the way, and then had her step out of them so that all she was wearing on her bottom half was her nappy. She went to return to the changing room when Miss Jenkins grabbed her arm.

‘Where do you think you are going young lady?’

‘Back to the changing room Miss, to finish getting changed.’

‘So that you can be even later to my lesson? Oh no, girl, that is not acceptable.’

‘So you want me to do PE dressed like this?’ Chloe asked, horrified at the idea.

‘No, no, girl. Don’t be ridiculous. You can’t very well do PE in your blouse. It will get all smelly. No, you’ll have to take it off. Chop chop, we haven’t got all day.’

Chloe quickly removed her tie, and then started to unbutton her blouse, much to the delight of Lily and her friends. Miss Jenkins held her hand out, and Chloe handed over her blouse and tie.

‘Hold on just a moment!’ shouted Miss Jenkins, ‘what is that?’ she asked, pointing at Chloe’s chest.

‘Do you mean my bra Miss?’ asked Chloe.

‘My understanding is that bras worn under school blouses are to be white. That one looks a little grey to me.’

‘It is white Miss, honest,’ said Chloe.

‘Are you calling me a liar girl?’ Miss Jenkins asked angrily.

‘No Miss. I, I made a mistake. Now that I look more closely, I see that it’s grey,’ lied Chloe.

‘Well if it doesn’t adhere to the uniform policy it will have to come off won’t it?’

Realising that there was no way she was going to win this battle, Chloe reached round and unclipped her bra at the back and let the straps fall over her shoulders.

‘Thank you very much,’ said Miss Jenkins smugly, snatching the bra.

Chloe now stood in front of a good chunk of her year group in nothing but a nappy, with her arms covering her breasts.

‘Don’t be silly, Chloe. Stop trying to cover up, we’re all girls here,’ taunted Miss Jenkins.

Chloe put her arms by her sides and stared down at the ground, ignoring the heckling from the other girls.

‘We were originally going to be playing badminton and netball today,’ Miss Jenkins announced, ‘but I’ve changed my mind. I think we’ll do volleyball and trampoline instead.’

*038*2015-11-05 21:46

Hello, everybody. Trying hard not to let this story die because I feel like I've invested a lot in it and have some ideas about things I want to happen. I've written a new chapter which is fairly long, but I'm expecting the humiliation to really heat up in the next couple of chapters.

Thanks for bearing with me, work is pretty hectic at the moment.

Chapter 13

Miss Jenkins made the girls start by running laps of the sports hall. Chloe tried to move in a way that wouldn’t make her breasts jiggle, but realised fairly quickly that it was hopeless. The other girls teased and taunted her about her exposed chest. The taunts about her nappy hadn’t stopped, but now they had something new to torment her with. To make matters worse, all the movement combined with the fact that her nappy was no longer compressed under a pair of tights meant that Chloe was making a crinkling noise with every step she took.

As she ran Chloe became aware of two new feelings. Firstly, her nappy was rubbing against her vagina, which Chloe realised was not entirely unpleasant. The fact that it felt nice made her very embarrassed, as if she thought the other girls would know. The other thing that Chloe was aware of was that her nappy was riding up at the back and giving her something of a wedgie. She reached back as she ran, and inserted a finger into one of the leg holes, aiming to pull the nappy out of her bum, when she felt a sharp slap to her hand.

‘I do hope you aren’t trying to take that off,’ scolded Sarah.

‘You know I wasn’t,’ retorted Chloe.

‘Well, just in case, I don’t think you should touch it. If I see you touching it again I’ll warm your bottom for you. Are we clear?’

‘Yes,’ replied Chloe sullenly.

‘Yes what?’ asked Sarah.

‘Yes … Aunty Sarah.’

As soon as this exchange was finished, Lily approached from behind and pushed the soft nappy further up Chloe’s crack with such force that she was forced to waddle the last part of the run. Her rear end, still red from her spankings, was now on display, and the nappy was rubbing against her crotch more than ever before, but Chloe knew she couldn’t adjust it without angering Sarah.

After they finished the warm up, Miss Jenkins split the girls into two groups. Half were sent to use the trampolines, while Chloe was sent to play volleyball with the other half. Chloe found volleyball something of a struggle. It was partly because she had a thick wad of padding up her backside, but also because all the girls kept aiming the ball for her. They seemed to love the way that Chloe couldn’t help but jiggle her tits as she attempted to send the ball back over the net. After several humiliating games, the girls were told to switch activities, and Chloe grudgingly waddled over to the trampoline. There was a brief interlude on the way, and a chance to talk to Sophie.

‘How’re you holding up?’ Sophie asked.

‘How do you think? I don’t think things can get any worse,’ Chloe replied.

‘Of course they could,’ said Sophie, ‘you could be wet and messy. And at least it’s an all girls school. Imagine if there were cute boys here too.’

Chloe was suddenly grateful that her nappy was dry, and realised that boys seeing her in this state would be even more humiliating. This led her to think about Ryan as she was standing in line, waiting for her turn on the trampoline with no sense of eagerness. She’d been adamant that Ryan couldn’t find out about her nappies, but that was when she thought she wouldn’t have to wear them at home. She had no idea how she was going to handle things now.

When it was Chloe’s turn to get up the trampoline, there were the giggles that she was beginning to grow accustomed to. The girls who were waiting pointed and laughed at her breasts as they helplessly bounced up and down. The trampoline wasn’t helping maters downstairs either, as her nappy seemed to get wedged further and further up her bum. She could feel it rubbing her down below as well, and realised with mounting horror that she was starting to get a little bit flustered. Her arousal was gradually building, and she was sure she was getting flushed in the face, but luckily the other girls put that down to her embarrassment physical exertion. Luckily, her turn was over before things got too far, and she gladly clambered down from the trampoline.

Miss Jenkins told the girls that they were dismissed, and to go and have a shower quickly because the year 7 girls were coming in soon to meet for their after-school hockey club.

‘Can I have my clothes back Miss?’ Chloe asked, trying her best to look endearing.

‘Go and have your shower first Chloe, then you can have them back.’

By this point Chloe didn’t even try to argue, she was just glad to have survived the day, and if she had to walk back to the changing room in nothing but her nappy, then so be it. All the girls she was with had already had a good laugh at her expense in this state. She walked back to the changing room with her class mates.

While the other girls needed to undress, Chloe didn’t really have a lot to take off. However, after Lily caught her taking her tights down she wasn’t going to take any chances by taking her own nappy off for a shower. She approached Sarah.

‘Sarah, can you take my nappy off so that I can shower please?’

‘I would have thought that you could ask a LOT more nicely than that,’ replied Sarah, standing in her pink knickers and white sports top.

‘Okay, okay. Aunty Sarah, please will you take my nappy off?’

‘Still not good enough,’ Sarah replied, ‘you know the sort of think I’m after.’

‘Fine,’ said Chloe. ‘Aunty Sarah, please will you take off my baby nappy so that I can wash my lulu? Is that good enough?’

‘That was good,’ replied Sarah, ‘but I won’t be taking your nappy off. All the other girls have to use that shower and I don’t think they fancy going barefoot in your pee. I think we’ve all seen that you can’t be trusted not to have an accident.’

‘Please Sarah, what am I supposed to do?’

‘Have a shower, like you’ve been told. You’ll just have to keep your nappy on.’

Chloe considered going back to Miss Jenkins and asking her to take her nappy off, but realised that the year 7 girls would be arriving in the sports hall any moment now, and didn’t want them to see her in nothing but a nappy. Feeling defeated, she went and stood in the shower and turned the water on. As it ran down her body and onto her nappy, she suddenly felt it swelling. The back of it pushed her cheeks apart until her bottom simply couldn’t hold it, and it sagged down with a plop, hanging heavily between her legs.

Other girls were coming into the showers now, and Chloe could see that not one of them was hairless like she was. She did what she could to get herself clean, and then wandered out of the shower with her enormous saturated nappy hanging between her legs. When she got to where she had left her things, she felt a terrible sinking feeling in her stomach. Her towel was gone, but more worryingly, so were her clothes. She realised with dread that she had left them with Miss Jenkins, and now she was going to have to face the year 7 girls as she was if she was going to get them back.

Chloe put her skirt and shoes (the only items of clothing left on the bench) in her bag, and trudged her way out to the sports hall. She just wanted to get this over with, and get home. She was beginning to feel an urge to poo, and was still hopeful that she would at least get to do that in a toilet. The high pitched laughter of the much younger girls was almost deafening in the echo of the sports hall as Chloe waddled over to Miss Jenkins.

‘Miss,’ Chloe said meekly, ‘can I have my clothes back now please?’

‘My my, child,’ said Miss Jenkins with mock concern in her voice, ‘I had been warned that I might need to change one of your wet nappies but I didn’t expect it to be quite as wet as this.’

Her comment got a fresh round of laughter from the year 7s. She motioned for two of the year 7 girls to bring a towel and then got them to dry Chloe roughly, an exercise that they seemed to take great delight in.

‘Well, lay down on this bench dear and I’ll do my best to sort you out,’ Miss Jenkins said.

She asked one of the girls who had just helped dry Chloe to bring over her bag, and the other stood less than three feet away, grinning wildly, eyes flitting between Chloe’s chest and nappy. When the first girl returned with the bag, Miss Jenkins removed a trio of items that had now become all too familiar to Chloe, a nappy, powder and wipes. Miss Jenkins undid the tapes on Chloe’s nappy, leaving a theatrical pause for her mesmerised audience between each one. Chloe braced herself for more laughter as the front of her nappy was pulled down, exposing her hairless fanny, but it didn’t come. Chloe realised with some comfort that it was quite likely that a number of these girls probably didn’t have much more hair down there than she did, so they didn’t find it a source of amusement in the way that the older girls did.

The year 7s, did, however, find it incredibly amusing when Miss Jenkins slid the massively saturated nappy out from under her and dropped it on the floor with a loud plop that echoed in the sports hall. Miss Jenkins then went to work roughly with the towel on Chloe’s pussy, before lifting her legs and drying off her bum as well. Next came the wipes, and while Chloe wasn’t exactly thrilled to be have somebody wipe her bum in front of girls much younger than her, she was at least pleased that Miss Jenkins didn’t seem to share Sarah’s inclination to violate her back passage. The new nappy was unfolded, and Chloe’s legs were lifted by the ankles while Miss Jenkins slid it under her bum.

Finally she was powdered and sealed in, much to the amusement of the hockey club. Miss Jenkins helped her back into her tights, and mercifully let her finish getting dressed herself. It seemed that she had had her fill of humiliating Chloe, at least for today. When Chloe was dressed she hurried out, partly to escape the humiliation of the younger girls and partly to try to catch up with Sophie so that they could walk home together. After the day she’d had, Chloe felt like she really needed a friend. Little did she know that her ‘friend’ had arranged for a certain randy boyfriend to meet her outside of school, and her chances of keeping her nappies a secret from him were dwindling by the second.

*041*2015-11-06 23:08

Sorry there's not been a lot of progress this week. I have been trying but the first week back is always manic and I've had to redraft a script for the Christmas production 3 times as well.

Chapter Fourteen

Chloe was able to catch up with Sophie in one of the halls, and they walked towards the gates together.

‘Can we hang back for five minutes?’ asked Chloe. ‘Let the other girls have a bit of a head start and hopefully I won’t have to put up with teasing all the way home.’

‘Sure,’ said Sophie, hoping that Ryan would stick around outside.

After waiting for things to die down, the girls headed outside, and Sophie tried to hide her disappointment when she couldn’t see any sign of Ryan. She knew that Chloe was finding her predicament incredibly embarrassing, but she had a sneaking suspicion that Ryan would think it was incredibly hot. This was the boy who had convinced Chloe to shave her pussy completely bald, who seemed at his most excited when she was wearing her most juvenile knickers, and who had been hounding Chloe to let him spank her since just after they got together. ‘Anyway,’ she reasoned, ‘He’s sure to find out sooner or later. I’m just trying to speed things along.’ She was just thinking about using Chloe’s ‘misplaced’ phone to send a message to Ryan apologising, and inviting him over to Chloe’s house, when she heard footsteps approaching from behind.

‘Woah! Hey sexy legs!’ came Ryan’s mellow voice.

Chloe was only just able to react in time to move out of the way of his hand grasping for a cheeky squeeze of her bum.

‘Ryan? What are you doing here?’ Chloe asked.

‘What do you mean? You asked me to come,’ he replied.

‘What are you talking about?’

‘You sent me a text, remember?’ he said, looking a bit confused.

‘Somebody stole my phone. I haven’t seen it all day. Whoever took it is obviously messing with me.’

‘Oh well, I’m here now. That’s not a problem is it?’ he asked.

‘No of course not.’ She wrapped her arms around him, realising that if she avoided all physical contact with him, he’d realise something was amiss. He wrapped his arms around the small of Chloe’s back, and passionately kissed her. The whole time Chloe was painfully aware of the nappy under her skirt and tights, and knew that she was dangerously close to being discovered.

‘Get a room guys!’ Sophie joked.

Chloe was starting to think that she might get away with this. If she held his hand as he walked her home they could just chat and she would be able to stop him if he went for her nether regions again. As Chloe was beginning to feel that faint glimmer of hope, she caught sight of Sarah and Lily approaching them, and gulped loudly.

‘Hi Ryan,’ Lily said in her most provocative voice. She’d always had the hots for Ryan and it annoyed her no end that he’d ended up with Chloe instead of her.

‘Look, she just wants to be left alone so that she can go home. I’m sure you’ll have more fun tomorrow, so can we just leave it there for today?’ said Sophie.

‘I’m afraid not,’ said Sarah, ‘I’ve been told to make sure you’re given a couple of things before you go home.’

She pulled several pairs of white tights from her bag, and passed them to Chloe.

‘Don’t come into school without your tights on Chloe. The headmaster wouldn’t be pleased,’ Sarah stated dryly.

Chloe couldn’t believe her luck. She’d had a horrible feeling that Sarah was going to produce nappies, wipes and powder from her bag, but she did no such thing. It was starting to look like Chloe really was going to be able to pull this off, but then, Lily opened her bag and took a plastic bag out from inside it. She thrust it towards Chloe and her heart sank. Her wet things from the start of the day were in there. Her shoes, skirt, tights and her Spongebob knickers. The plastic bag had sealed the moisture in, and they were still all obviously soaked. Lily opened the bag and Chloe could smell the acrid aroma of her stale piss, and knew that Ryan could too.

‘Your wet things from your accident this morning, Chloe,’ Lily said with glee, ‘you can get your mummy to wash most of it, but I’d throw the knickers away if I were you. I don’t think you’ll be wearing them any time soon, even if you can get the skid marks out.’

‘What are they talking about Chloe?’ Ryan asked.

Chloe couldn’t even bring herself to look at him. She hung her head in shame and stared at her feet, as if that would somehow change the embarrassing situation she now found herself in.

‘Oh, didn’t she tell you?’ asked Lily. ‘She was spanked this morning by the headmaster, and she got so scared that she wet herself like a baby.’

‘Chloe, is this some sort of joke?’ Ryan asked.

‘No joke,’ said Sarah, backing up what Lily had said. ‘In fact she wet herself twice today. I had to change her nappy the second time.’

‘Nappy!?!’ asked Ryan. ‘Chloe, since when did you wear nappies?’

‘Since this morning,’ giggled Lily.

Chloe just kept staring downwards, and started crying silent tears of shame. ‘He’s going to break up with me,’ she thought. ‘There’s no way he’ll want a girlfriend who still wears nappies.’

‘Are you wearing one now?’ Ryan asked.

Chloe still couldn’t bring herself to answer. After a few seconds Ryan’s curiosity got the better of him and he flipped up Chloe’s skirt. Chloe flinched backwards, causing her skirt to drop back down to its original position, but not before Ryan had time to see that she was wearing a nappy under her tights.

‘Ryan!’ shouted Chloe as her face burned bright red.

Not knowing what else to do she turned and ran, while Ryan stood there dumbfounded. All Chloe knew was that she wanted to get home, to be somewhere that Sarah and Lily couldn’t humiliate her any further. In her distress, she had completely forgotten her conversation with Mia at lunch time, and was looking forward to getting home, taking her nappy and tights off and getting dressed in some proper knickers.

*044*2015-11-07 14:19

Chapter Fifteen

As soon as Chloe got through the front door she heard her step mother calling her from the kitchen. She quickly took off her Mary-Jane shoes and walked through with just her tights covering her feet, and she saw her step mother and Mia waiting for her.

‘I am absolutely disgusted with you!’ her step mother, Gina, started. ‘If it isn’t bad enough that you’re in trouble with the headmaster, you then piss yourself like a naughty little girl! I think that the school have the right idea, maybe some time back in nappies will teach you a little humility. From the sounds of it, it’s just as well that they did keep you padded, because you wet yourself again in class didn’t you?’

‘Yes, but that wasn’t my fault!’ said Chloe, trying to defend herself.

‘Oh, not your fault?’ her step mother continued, ‘I suppose somebody else is magically in control of your bladder are they? Some sort of voodoo witchcraft going on is there?’

‘Well no, but,’ started Chloe.

‘No buts. Not only have you got no self-control but you won’t even take responsibility for your actions. Well, your punishment continues at home. I’ve bought everything that we need to make sure that you don’t get off lightly when you aren’t at school, as well as a few extra things to use if you’re being a particularly bad girl. But I’ll tell you this Chloe, it’s been a couple of years since I stopped changing nappies and don’t intend to start again now.’

Mia blushed deeply. Chloe realised that Mia must have been wearing nappies only a couple of years ago, but wasn’t sure why. Now wasn’t really the time to ask.

‘Your little sister will be changing you when you’re at home,’ continued Gina.

‘My dad wouldn’t agree with this,’ Chloe said defiantly.

‘Well your daddy isn’t here, is he? That means I’m in charge, and what I say goes. Speaking of your daddy, he always argued that you were too old for a spanking, even when you clearly needed one. Well seeing as you’re just a pants-wetting little baby now, you’re definitely not too old for a spanking, from me or your sister.’

Mia perked up at this.

‘You can’t be serious?’ Chloe asked indignantly.

‘Oh yes, little miss pissy pants, I am very serious. You had better do as you’re told, to the letter. I have to go out tonight, but if I hear that you gave Mia any trouble, there will be hell to pay. Is that clear?’

‘Yes,’ said Chloe sullenly.

‘I have to go now. Dinner is on the stove. Oh, and one more thing Chloe,’ said Gina.

Chloe looked at her, not seeing how things could get much worse.

‘No covering up your nappy while you’re in the house. You’re home for the evening now, so you can get that school skirt off, and the tights too.’

With that, she walked out of the room, and Chloe and Mia heard the front door close.

For a moment the two girls just looked at each other. There was an awkward silence between them before either one of them spoke. In the end, it was Chloe that broke the silence.

‘So, what happens now?’ she asked.

‘You’d better do as she said. Take your skirt and tights off. You can change the top half after dinner.’

‘Can’t we just pretend that you went along with it? As long as I wear a nappy to bed she won’t have any idea,’ Chloe pleaded.

‘Look, I know things are pretty rough for you at the moment, but I can’t take the risk of not going along with it. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t like the idea of changing your nappies. I think it’s gross. But it’s better than having to share your punishment. If mum finds out that I’ve been letting you off easy, that’s probably what will happen. So Chloe, please take your skirt and tights off. I don’t want to have to spank you.’ That last sentence wasn’t entirely true. Chloe was actually looking forward to the prospect of spanking the older girl who had sat and watched so many of her humiliating spankings without ever having one for herself, but for the moment she was hungry.

Chloe reluctantly unzipped her skirt and removed it, standing there with her tights and nappy on display, looking at Mia.

‘What?’ asked Mia.

‘I’m not allowed to take them off,’ Chloe mumbled.

‘Oh, right. I think that’s just a school thing, but if it makes you happier.’ Mia walked up to Chloe and pulled her tights down and helped her step out of them. She couldn’t help but give the front of Chloe’s nappy a squeeze when she was done.

‘Mia!’ Chloe shouted in surprise.

‘There’s no point in getting too precious about it Chloe. You and I both know that at some point this evening I’m going to have to do an awful lot more than squeeze your dry nappy.’

‘I guess. What have we got for dinner?’ asked Chloe.

‘Chili con carne,’ Mia replied.

This made Chloe nervous. She wasn’t brilliant at handling spice, as her step mother well knew. On this occasion it turned out that it was incredibly hot, even making Mia, who was much better with spicy food, red in the face. In order to fight back the heat Chloe had to drink plenty of water. She knew that it would all end up in her nappy eventually, but she simply couldn’t resist with the burning sensation in her mouth.

‘Mia, can I ask you something?’ Chloe asked as they ate their meal.

‘Sure.’

‘When your mum said that she hadn’t changed nappies for a couple of years, what did she mean?’

‘She probably was just using a figure of speech,’ Mia replied, looking uncomfortable.

‘It didn’t seem that way to me.’

‘Look, I don’t know what she was talking about.’

‘Then why did you blush when she said it?’ Chloe asked.

‘Please Chloe, just drop it. It’s embarrassing.’

‘After today, I think I can handle embarrassing,’ said Chloe, before downing another pint of water.

Mia appeared to consider this.

‘Look, if I tell you will you promise to drop it? And not to tell anybody else?’

‘I promise. You tried to help me with Sarah today, I owe you one.’

‘Well, there’s no easy way to say this,’ Mia began, ‘but I used to have trouble, at night time.’

‘You used to wet the bed? Loads of kids have trouble with that. Sophie did it until she was at least seven,’ said Chloe, trying to offer some comfort.

‘Yeah, it went on a bit longer than that,’ Mia confessed with red cheeks.

Chloe considered this, and remembered what Gina had said.

‘You wet the bed until you were 14?’ Chloe asked, shocked.

‘Well, you’re hardly in a position to get judgemental are you? Only one of us is wearing a nappy,’ Mia said, defending herself.

‘Sorry, I was just surprised. I didn’t mean anything by it. So it must have been happening when our parents were together?’

‘Yeah, but it mostly stopped around the time they got married.’

‘Mostly?’

‘Well, it still happens occasionally, but my mum doesn’t need to know. I’ve become pretty good at covering it up so that she doesn’t find out.’

‘She won’t hear it from me,’ said Chloe. ‘How long is it since the last time?’

‘About a month, I think. Anyway, shut up and eat your food,’ Mia said with a grin. Chloe returned the smile, but it was wiped from her face when she felt a gurgling in her stomach.

*047*2015-11-08 14:16

Kuro Yasha, you may just get your wish.

Unfortunately, despite my best efforts I doubt I will be able to add anything today. Sorry about the pace slowing down, but life has this habit of getting in the way.

*048*2015-11-08 22:18

So, after applying much haste to other jobs, I managed to free up some time to do the next update. It's a fair sized chapter.

I have to warn you all, there is messing in this chapter. Many of you will have realised that it's been inevitable for a while, but, one more warning for those of you who really don't like it:

MESSING!

Chapter Sixteen

After they had finished their meal, Chloe and Mia set about doing the washing up.

‘Afterwards is there any chance I can use the toilet?’ Chloe asked. ‘Gina wouldn’t have to know.’

‘She’d know when she came home and there was no wet nappy. You won’t be able to get out of using them,’ Mia replied.

Chloe didn’t really want to tell Mia that it wasn’t a wet nappy that she was worried about. She was starting to get cramps, and knew that wouldn’t be able to last the night.

‘What about ringing my dad? He must have left a number for where he’s staying.’

‘If he did, my mum’s hidden it. She’s pretty adamant that you won’t be getting out of this. If you’re lucky he’ll call,’ said Mia.

‘I hope so, I’m sure he’d put a stop to it if he knew.’

After they’d finished washing up, Mia turned to Chloe.

‘I’ll be up in my room. You can do more or less whatever you want as long as you keep your nappy on. Mum says I have to give you a bath at eight, but if you need, you know, changing before that, let me know.’

With that she left Chloe stood in the kitchen wearing the top half of her school uniform and nothing but a nappy on her lower half. Chloe decided that she could at least do something about the top half, so she went up to her room to get changed. She settled on a t-shirt and a hoody, as it was a little bit cold. After sitting on her bed for a few minutes she still hadn’t warmed up, but knew she couldn’t cover her bottom half. Not sure what to do about her predicament, she walked over to Mia’s room and knocked on the door.

‘Come in,’ Mia said, and Chloe opened the door and walked through. Mia’s room was a mess, as usual. This was one of the few things that Mia’s mother wasn’t particularly strict about, and Mia took full advantage. The floor was covered in dirty clothes. Mia started kicking them to one side to make a clearing on the floor, and Chloe felt a pang of jealousy as she saw a pair of sexy black knickers in amongst the jumble.

‘I’ll just go and get the stuff. Mum’s keeping it all in the cupboard under the stairs,’ Mia said.

‘What stuff?’

‘You know, nappy stuff. So I can change you,’ Mia said, walking towards the door.

‘Wait,’ said Chloe, halting Mia in her tracks. ‘I don’t need changing. I’m just cold. Am I not allowed to wear anything over my nappy?’

‘That’s what mum said. Sorry,’ said Mia, looking genuinely apologetic. ‘Oh, hold on, I’ve got an idea.’

She walked over to her dresser and opened the top drawer, which was full of underwear. She rifled through the bras, knickers, tights and socks until she found what she was looking for, and then held up a pair of long pink socks. During the rummaging, Chloe could have sworn she noticed something that looked suspiciously like a pull up lurking at the bottom of the drawer, but thought it best not to comment.

‘If you wear these they won’t cover your nappy, but they come up to mid-thigh so they should keep you a bit warmer.’

‘Thanks, I’m freezing,’ Chloe moaned.

Mia walked over and handed the socks to Chloe, and then gave the front of Chloe’s nappy a squeeze.

‘Mia! Stop doing that!’

‘What? I’m just making sure that you definitely don’t need a change.’

‘I’m not a baby, I don’t wet myself without realising. I’ll come when I need to be changed.’

Chloe walked out of the room holding the socks in her hand.

When she was safely back in her room Chloe pondered her predicament as she sat down on the bed. She was pretty desperate for the toilet now. All the water she’d had with dinner was a slight concern, but much more pressing were the cramps in her stomach as she brought her left leg up to put the sock on, she let out a loud fart, and realised that she couldn’t hold it off much longer. She put the other sock on without incident, and decided to try to read a section of Macbeth to prepare for next piece of English coursework. She was finding it very hard to concentrate, and the next time she felt an urge to fart she didn’t try to supress it. She didn’t really see the point, seeing as there was nobody there.

However, as soon as it escaped her rectum, she realised it was very wet. Chloe began to cry as she realised she had just sharted in her nappy. Still in severe discomfort from the cramps, Chloe reasoned that seeing as she had already messed herself, she might as well empty her bowels. She pushed, but it seemed to have no effect, which seemed odd as Chloe was desperate for relief. She stood up, spread her legs a bit more and tried again, this time grunting with effort. She was rewarded as the fruit of her labours deposited itself into the seat of her nappy, and her cramps seemed to lesson.

Her nappy was sagging at the back, but Chloe didn’t mind that too much as it was keeping her mess away from her skin. She continued to push, and more and more sticky brown poo found its way into her nappy. She realised with horror that the nappy had sagged as much as it was going to, and now the parcel she was making in her nappy was working its way back towards her bum. She could feel it smearing across her skin and absolutely caking her crack. When the smell hit her she gagged, and realised that she wanted to be out of this nappy as soon as possible.

Unable to do much more than waddle, she made her way to Mia’s room and knocked on the door once more.

‘Does baby need changing now?’

‘Yes please,’ said Chloe, waddling into the room.

‘I’ve already been to get the stuff that we need so if you just…’ Mia stopped and starred at Chloe. She wrinkled her nose in disgust. ‘You filthy little bitch!’ she cried.

‘It’s not my fault,’ Chloe sobbed, ‘I asked to go to the toilet!’

‘You neglected to mention the fact that it was because you were going to do a massive shit. I could’ve let you go for that as long as we made sure there was a pissy nappy for when mum got home. Now I’m expected to clean your shitty arse!’

Mia was clearly not happy.

‘Well you can get out of my room before you infect the walls with your stink. Get back to your room!’ Mia screamed.

With great shame, Chloe realised that on top of crapping herself while wearing a nappy, she had just been told off and sent to her room by her little sister. She waddled across the landing. When they got into Chloe’s room, Mia grabbed the chair from the desk and put it in the middle of the room.

‘What are you doing?’ Chloe whined.

‘It’s not fair that I have to suffer just because you chose to crap yourself like a dirty bitch. I’m going to make sure that you suffer more than I do. Now lay across my lap, you dirty girl.’

‘Please Mia, you can’t,’ Chloe pleaded.

‘Oh yes I can, and I will. You don’t want me to tell mum that you weren’t behaving do you?’

Reluctantly Chloe approached Mia, and positioned herself across her lap. This was to be her third spanking of the day, and it was by far the most humiliating. While the nappy, and its contents, offered her some protection from the swats that came down on her bottom, the shame of being spanked in a pooey nappy by her younger step-sister was immense. It was awful extremely uncomfortable as she felt the crap being smeared all over her backside with each moment of impact, until there was nowhere for it to go but forwards. Chloe cringed with disgust and blushed with shame as she felt her mess slide over her vagina. For the first time today she was glad that it was hairless. As her discomfort increased, Chloe’s overstretched bladder betrayed her, and she felt a hot stream of urine pour into her nappy. She dreaded to think what it would look like when Mia took it off.

‘And now you’re wetting yourself too? I thought you weren’t a baby?’ Mia mocked. ‘How’ SLAP ‘old’ SLAP ‘are’ SLAP ‘you?’ SLAP.

As Chloe fell into fits of tears, draped across her sister’s lap, she heard the phone ring.

‘Right, get to the corner, quickly. I’ll deal with you in a minute,’ Mia commanded.

Chloe obediently made her way over to the corner and stared at the wall. Any fight she had left in her was used up. She heard Mia pick up the phone.

‘Yeah, mum’s at work. Yeah, yeah I’m fine. Oh, she’s fine too, but she’s over at Ryan’s. Okay, speak soon. Bye.’

Chloe realised with horror that Mia had just been on the phone to her dad, and that she’d told him nothing of the way in which she was being treated. Feeling hopeless and betrayed, Chloe stood in her smelly nappy waiting for Mia to return.

