The Third Second Tuba Girl

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-09-09 02:26

Laura loved marching band. Even if she were just the third tuba in the Second Tuba section, Laura loved every note, every step of every routine.

Laura had played in the high school marching band, and, in her senior year had beat out Tom Stubbin to become the first girl lead first tuba in the school's history. This, however, was the big leagues. Laura was a good tuba player and a quick learner of the marching routines, but so was everyone in the university band. Competition was fierce just to get into the band; only one freshman in four made the cut. Laura was glad to be part of that elite minority, even if she were only third second tuba.

A minor irritant was time -- not that Laura begrudged the time she invested in the band; O no! Laura would gladly give twice the time, but couldn'y she give her time in smaller pieces? Long practices, games, and slow bus rides to away games were a strain on the bladder -- at least on Laura's bladder. She had always had a small bladder, or maybe it was her fondness for bottled water, but an hour found Laura beginning to need to urinate; ninety minutes brought her to desperation; and two hours -- well, anything over two hours was very, very iffy -- if you know what I mean.

Aware of her weakness, Laura often wore a maxi pad in her panties, and not just during her period. A maxi pad could absorb severay errant squirts of urine, and often meant the difference between wet and dry pants. Just the sdame, however, Laura favored dark slacks or shorts, of, better yet, a skirt -- but, of course, a skirt just didn't do for marching band.

Fortunately, the band uniforms were burgundy over navy. Nothing hid urine stains like navy slacks. Was this why Laura chose the University, instead of the college in her own home town, whose colors were black over yellow? Could be -- or it could be that Laura just wanted some distance from home -- not too much, mind you, but three hours -- an easy weekend drive home, but not every day.

Laura's room mate had commented that Laura seemed to go through a lot of panties, but, if she were suspicious of the reason, she was kind enough to keep it to herself. Still, there were some close calls. More than once a desperate Laura had felt a warm trickle down the inside of her legs, before she got to the bathroom.

Laura had the feeling that today might become such a day. It was hot -- blazing hot. The band director insisted that everyone drink lots of water. He genuinely cared for his students, but he was also a perfectionist. Falling out on the field cost you a letter grade, regardless. So, liquids were plentiful and plentifully consumed.

It was a long first half, lots of penalties. Bathroom break? Not a chance, until after half time. The third quarter belonged to the band members, but from pre-game through half time, the band members belonged in their places -- all the time.

Eight minutes left in the half. What? Everyone down a bottle of water? Yup, that's what the director ordered. Chug-a-lug, gals and guys. Laura was already desperate, and no matter how much she sweated during the routine, those twelve onces of water was headed straight for Laura's aching bladder.

The first half is over. Players head for the locker rooms -- and the bathroom! But the band -- it will march and play.

Laura concentrates on her music and her routine. She does not miss a note or step, and, surprisingly, she hasn't even squirted once. Hurrah! The half is over; everyone is heading for the bathrooms and concessions; Laura is going to make it! Oof! "Sorry." Someone is in a hurry, and Laura in on the ground, the wind partially knocked out of her. Aw Oo -- the urine, too. Laura felt the warm flood between ler hegs and under her bottom. Two band guys pick her up. "You okay?" They are genuinely concerned. "Fine, thanks." Laura tries to smile, even as urine streams down her thighs. Crap. This is a bad one. Thank Heavens for navy trousers.

Laura takes her seat in the band section of the bleachers. She didn't bother going to the bathroom; there was no longer a need. Crap. Her thighs and bottom are already itching, chapping. Laura would kill for lotion and dry pants.

Aemilia from the flute section plopped down beside Laura. Hey, arn't you in the wrong section. Yes, Aemilia is, but she needs a minute with Laura. "I know what it's like, Laura."

"Know what what's like?"

"Your trousers. I saw you when that oaf knocked you down; for a few seconds, your crotch really glistened."

Great! How many others noticed? "It's nothing." Laura tries to pass it off, but....

"Laura, I want to show you something." Aemilia grabs Laura's hand and draws it to the inside of her thigh. Immediately, Laura snatches her hand back, but not before she feels it -- wetness. Aemilia had had an accident, too.

"Sorry," Laura said; "But it's nice to know I'm not alone."

"Me, too," returns Aemilia. They sit in silence, then: "Why don't you come up to my room after the game; we can talk about...our problem."

"No...well...alright...thanks."

The other tuba players are returning; Aemilia rises, smiles. "Later," she tells Laura.

"Later," Laura replies.

What are these feelings Laura is feeling? Embarrassment? No. Strangely, Laura looks forward to seeing Aemilia again. She wants to hear the details of Aemilia's accident; she wants to reliove her own experience. Gosh, Laura is getting aroused. What is happening to the freshman third second tuba player in the University band. In two quarters, Laura will find out; and she's looking forward to it.

*002*2012-09-10 03:15

There is.

A.

