Daniel and Amy - Page 47

Author: Barry

*1152*2020-05-07 08:04

Chapter 18

Thursday

Housework

The boys were laughing together because they both felt self conscious. Dan had had a bit of special “alone time” with Amy, and had almost been caught by Nikki, while Scott had just “gone further” than he ever had before, and for some bizarre reason, they both felt like everyone must know, and it was kind of funny. They were pushing each other and giggling madly as they entered the man-cave.

Matt looked up from his reclined position on his bed, which was now fully made, and put his phone down.

“Oh. You guys are back, eh?”

Scott was on an emotional high, and didn’t pick up on his friends tone of voice.

“Maaaaatttttyyyy! Whatcha doing mate? Just taking it easy?”

Matt shrugged. “That’s right buddy. Not much else to do, especially since you guys disappeared.”

Dan was the first to notice that Matt seemed a bit put out.

“What’s up big fella? You okay?”

He shrugged again. “Yeah. I guess so. I just wasn’t expecting you guys to run off on me like that, that’s all.”

“We didn’t ‘run off’ mate,” explained Scott. “We just had to make peace with the girls, that’s all.”

Matt sighed. “Yeah. I know. You’re right mate, you did. They were pretty mad with youse. Just woulda been nice for you guys to say something, not just disappear like that.....”

“You were mucking about with your phone,” Dan protested. “It looked important. You just like stopped walking?”

“Been chatting to Ali, he messaged all of us. Trying to get a group chat going, you know, because we’re all mates and stuff? But you guys had better things to do I guess. It’s ok. I FaceTimed him. We had a good old chat. He’s fine by the way, in case you guys care?”

“My phones here,” Dan explained, picking it up from the bench, and noticing the missed calls. “I left it here while I went to help Ames.”

“Mines flat,” Scott said, pulling it out of his pocket. “I’m waiting for the power to come on so I can charge it. What’s up man? Are you pissed at us for going with the girls?”

Matt sighed, and sat his big frame up, placing his feet on the floor.

“Nah. Not really, I guess. You guys DID need to talk to your girls. You pissed them off a lot earlier on when you ignored them. But still, I kinda get why. You guys just totally disappeared on me. Wouldn’t have hurt youse to let me know what was going on.”

He looked at both of them. “Is this what it’s gonna be like all week? Am I going to be the extra wheel all week, like in the way or something?”

Dan sat beside the larger boy, and put an arm around his shoulder. A few weeks ago, himself and Matt weren’t exactly the best of friends, but since camp, they had grown a lot closer.

“What do ya mean, Matty? Why would you even think that?”

“Argh. Don’t worry about it. It’s nothing. It’s just....”

“Go on,” Scott encouraged.

He sighed again. “Fuck. It’s just like I’m suddenly the odd one out, I guess. You guys have your girls here, and they’re great girls, both of ‘em. Even Shrimp has got himself a girl. I guess I’m kinda feeling a bit left out. It was really cool talking with Ali, and it made me wish he was here to. That way, at least I’d have someone to hang around with.”

Dan suddenly felt bad for his friend, and he was trying to think of something nice to say, when Scott suddenly launched himself on top of Matthew, and began poking him mercilessly in the ribs. “Bitch Attack!” He screamed

Poke. “Stop.” Poke. “Being.” Poke. “A.” Poke. “Whiny.” Poke. “BITCH.” Poke.

Matt squealed, and it was a lot higher in pitch than his usual voice sounded, as he twisted and turned, trying to get out from under Scott. He was bigger and heavier, but Scott was wiry and lithe, and not weak by any means. The boys rolled around on the bed, wrestling and laughing, until Matt finally managed to push him off, onto the floor, then he lay back, still laughing, while Scott lay chuckling on the floor. Once it appeared that the fight was over, Dan pulled Scott to his feet, then Scott helped Matt up.

“Sorry big guy,” he said with a grin, and they bumped fists. “Honestly, we didn’t mean to abandon you. But I really did need to talk to Nik.”

“Meh. It’s all good bro. I guess talking to Ali just made me feel a bit lonely I guess. I’m just being stupid.”

Dan offered his fist, and got a bump. “Me too man. I guess I got caught up with Ames. Shouldn’t of just walked off like that.”

“It’s all good guys,” Matt said. “How did youse go? Are they mad with you?”

Scott and Dan looked at each other, and grinned. “Um, I’m pretty sure Ames is fine,” Dan said, blushing deeply.

“Nik too,” mumbled Scott, looking away. “I, uh, told Nik I loved her....”

There was a shocked silence, then Dan and Matt let out an encouraging “Whooooping noise,” and playfully started punching Scott’s arms. Hard. This developed into a three way wrestling match, which totally destroyed Matt’s neatly made bed, and left the three boys eventually gasping for air, and with more than a few bruises each.

It was so cool having your own place to muck around in, without any adults telling you to sit down and shut up!

Once they got their breath back, Danny spoke up. “Me and Ames are going to the beach. You guys wanna tag along?”

“Nikki and I were thinking the same,” Scott replied. “What about you, big guy? You wanna come to the beach? Even if the girls tag along?”

Matt grinned. “Shit yeah. Don’t get me wrong guys. Your girls are great! I love ‘em. I don’t want ya to think it’s anything like I don’t wanna hang around them or nothing. I guess I just suddenly felt a bit lost, that’s all.”

This was a rather big speech by Matts standard, and his friends took it in solemnly.

“I’ll help ya make the bed again while Danny gets changed,” Scott suggested. He and Matt already had shorts on, so they were virtually ready to go.

While they remade the bed, Dan got undressed, and was thankful that he’d already taken his diaper off. Although his friends knew he usually wore one, it was an uncomfortable thing to have on display. He’d already planned on usually getting changed while laying on his bed, and pulling the curtain closed for privacy, but this time he didn’t have to. Of course he had the usual adolescent issues with getting undressed in front of others, (except Amy of course) but by now, the three of them had all gotten changed, or been naked around each other on many occasions, either at sleepovers, or in the shower room at camp. Dan knew that after a slightly delayed start to puberty, he’d quickly caught up with his peers, and although he was still a bit uncomfortable with his friends seeing him naked, he knew that he really didn’t have anything to be ashamed about. He was definitely on par with Scott, maybe a touch behind Matthew and Ali, but well ahead of Aiden.

Ahh. The joys of male adolescence.

Of course, he wasn’t wearing any underpants right now, as he’d just taken his nappy off, but if the other boys noticed, they didn’t say anything about it, or his lack of a diaper. They were good friends. He decided against underpants, opting for just his blue football shorts instead, although he was beginning to think of them as jinxed. It seemed like every time he wore them, he suffered an embarrassing accident. But, they were the best thing for swimming, as they dried out quickly. He found them in his bag, and as quickly as possible, removed his sweats and socks, and went commando in his shorts. He’d no sooner finished, when there was a knock at the door.

Matt opened it, after making sure Danny was safely dressed, and the girls were standing there, looking stunning. Amy had on a very short, bright yellow dress, that was almost see-through, faintly showing her black bikini beneath, while Nikki was wearing a sleeveless crop top, showing her flat belly, (and it even accentuated her small breasts) and a very short pair of towelling shorts, navy blue with white stripes on the sides and hems. Although she was a skinny girl by nature, her simple outfit made her legs look longer, and gave her curves.

Amy looked around the van, and shook her head.

“What are you and Scott up to? How come Matt’s the only one with his bed made? You know the olds will be around soon, and they’re gonna be cranky, ‘specially after the big drive, then working! Do you guys want a hand? Better if we get it done before we piss off to the beach. I just wanna stay under their radar as much as possible.”

Dan and Scott exchanged a guilty look. She was right, and they knew it. Both of them had delayed making their beds, simply because of fitting the waterproof mattress covers.

“Sheesh. Boys,” Nikki muttered. “Look. The three of you wait outside. Me and Amy have got this. It’ll take five minutes. Where’s the sheets?”

Both boys looked embarrassed, but pointed to their bags containing their special necessities. Before they got unpacked, they grabbed Matt, and his football, and disappeared, not wanting to be around.

“Boys,” Nikki muttered again. “They’re bloody hopeless,”

The girls got busy fitting the special sheets to their boyfriends beds.

*1156*2020-05-10 03:22

Chapter 19

Thursday

Wet Underpants On The Beach.

It was awkward fitting the sheets to the boys beds. While Matt’s was in the middle of the van and easily accessible, Scott’s and Dans were each on a raised plinth at either end, with walls on three sides. It was difficult for the girls to fit the bedding without actually crawling across the top, but by working together, they were able to do it, first fitting a waterproof mattress cover, then the bottom sheets. Everyone had quilts or sleeping bags to use, so no top sheets were necessary. The girls knew full well that their boyfriends wouldn’t dare actually sleep inside the bags, so they unzipped them to use as doonas. As they worked, the three boys kicked the football around outside.

“How the hell can they do that with bare feet?” Nikki asked, looking out the window. “It’s gotta hurt?”

Amy laughed. “It’s a boy thing I think. They’re too stupid to put shoes on or feel pain!”

“Amy, does my bum look wet?” Nikki whispered, bending over. “It FEELS wet.....”

Amy looked. Nikki’s shorts were navy blue, and thick towelling, a bit like training pants, and although they were fairly tight, the wetness of her panties didn’t show through, at least not yet, even with her hands pressed against her butt.

“Nah. They’re fine Nik. It feels kind of weird wearing wet underpants around people, doesn’t it? At least for me. It doesn’t feel as safe as a wet dipe.” She giggled, putting her hand under her dress to tug at her wet bikini. “I must be crazy. Most people would be more concerned with wearing a wet diaper in public, but for me it’s wet underpants. I guess I’m so used to being diapered 24/7 that it just feels normal these days.”

As they left the van, approaching the three sweaty looking boys, their parents were coming from the other direction, all carrying various buckets, tools, coolers or miscellaneous equipment. The five kids grouped together, awaiting instructions.

“How are you guys going?” Sue asked, and they all hastily assured the adults that everything was fine.

“Have you lot cleaned your vans and made your beds?” Sonia asked, eyes narrowing as she looked suspiciously at her daughter.

“I think we’ve done pretty well,” Amy replied chirpily. “Check it out mum. See what you think.”

Sue, Sonia, and Paula, all entered the two vans, examining them with a suspicious eye, clearly not expecting to find the vans in a habitable condition, but they were pleasantly surprised. The kids had actually done a pretty fair job. The floors were swept, benches wiped, and beds made. The women would only have to tidy up the bits the kids had missed, and clean the windows. It was a pleasant surprise!

Sonia did notice something though. “Amy, take this plastic bag, and throw it in the rubbish skip please. Don’t leave stuff like that laying around. It’ll make the van smell, especially in the heat.”

Amy cringed. She’d left the bag with the used diapers and wipes on the floor. She hoped her mother hadn’t noticed there were two diapers in it! It wouldn’t do for her to suspect that Danny had gotten changed in her van! She hurriedly took the bag, hoping her mother didn’t comment on how heavy it was. At home, when she changed, she only put one nappy at a time into individually tied bags. Having two in there might look suspicious, but Sonia didn’t comment.

“We’ve got some cool drinks for you kids,” Paula said. “Don’t forget to stay hydrated, it’s pretty hot up here. Too hot to be running around kicking a bloody football,” she said, shaking her head at the boys, but giving them a smile to show she was only teasing.

The boys were the first to gather round, as they WERE thirsty, and everyone was presented with a large bottle of cold iced tea. Paula explained that she’d taken the short drive to the local supermarket for supplies.

Dans father Peter looked a bit drained, but more relaxed now than he had done previously. When Dan asked, he explained that although the porta-loos would be here shortly, they adults had managed to get two toilets in each block cleaned and working, as well as the urinal in the men’s room.

Nikki grinned. “Awesome! I hate using porta-loos! It’s been freaking me out!”

“You might have to tomorrow Nik,” Peter explained ruefully. “We still have to paint them inside and out, and get the others working, but for tonight at least you’ll be fine.”

Paula grinned as her daughter’s face fell. “Don’t stress Nik. After tomorrow everything will be fine.”

Peter clapped his hands. “Alright you lot! I want you gone! Get whatever you need from inside, then bugger off for a while. I need to hook the power up, and test all the outlets and lights.”

Amy, holding the diaper bag out of sight behind her back, broached the subject of the beach.

“We wanted to go to the beach, mummy. Is that ok? We’ve even gotten changed already. We were just about to come ask you?”

The mothers shared a glance, and mutually agreed, and Sonia acted as spokesperson for the group.

“That’s fine guys, but here’s the rules. Rose has assured us that this beach is safe, at least as safe as a beach can be, so we don’t mind you kids going. BUT, you’re not to ever go swimming there alone, ok? If you guys want to swim, you MUST come and tell us first, and always go with at least one other person, get it? We don’t want to be sending out a search party because we can’t find you, alright?”

The five kids nodded gravely. They were at that awkward age where they were certainly old enough to go to the beach without supervision, but also young enough that their folks would constantly stress the entire time they were there.

Now dismissed, they thanked their parents, and started to scurry away, angling towards the skip bin near the toilet blocks, so Amy could dispose of her “rubbish,” which although everyone knew what it was, nobody would comment on.

They didn’t get far, before Sonia called Amy back for a private chat. Amy feared that a question was coming about the heavy diaper bag, so she shoved it into Danny’s hands, before going back to see what her mother wanted.

“Ames, you’re not wearing a diaper, I can tell. Is that a good idea?”

Amy was relieved. Obviously the heavy bag wasn’t as suspicious as she thought.

“Aw come on mum,” she whispered. “I can’t wear one to the beach, can I? You know that.”

“I know princess. Just be careful. Go for a swim and a wee as soon as you get there. I know Danny understands about your condition, but I’d hate for you to have a big accident in front of the others. Hey! Don’t roll your eyes at me missy! I’m only trying to save you some embarrassment, ok?”

Amy was contrite. “Yes mum. Sorry. I’ll be careful. I made sure I peed twice already before getting changed, so I’ll be good for awhile. At least until I drink this iced tea,” she said with a grin, shaking the bottle at her mother. If only mum knew that my bikini was already wet, she thought.....

After getting yet another warning, this time about not littering with their drink bottles, she was free to rejoin her friends, and Danny threw the bag away.

“Wait here a second guys. I need to check something,” Nikki said, running towards the car that they’d driven up in.

The other kids watched, as Nik opened the back door, then knelt down, and started hunting under the front seat. She appeared to find what she was looking for, then looked around, before standing up and wrapping something in the towel she was carrying, before shutting the door, and hurrying back to her friends.

“What was that about?” Scott asked.

Nikki grinned. “Mum lost something on the way up here,” she replied. “She was complaining about it after we stopped at McDonald’s for breakfast. I decided to have a look myself, and I found it....”

“What is it Nik? Watcha find?” Dan asked.

Nikki looked around, making sure they were alone, then she carefully unfolded her towel, showing them the treasure hidden inside.

“An almost full packet of smokes, AND a lighter!” Her glee was obvious. “Mum was furious! She was sure she’d left them at the gas station where we met this morning, but I was sure she put them on the console of the car. I was right! They musta fallen down beside the seat! We’ve got smokes guys!”

Amy, Dan, and Matthew were all thrilled, Scott not so much. Although he had enjoyed an occasional cigarette in the past, it wasn’t something that he liked as much as what his friends did. But, if Nikki wanted to smoke, he’d no doubt join in as well.

“Great,” he muttered. “But let’s not get caught, eh? Especially you two,” he warned, pointing at Dan and Amy, who were already on their last warning with cigarettes.

“Hey guys! What’s up?”

They all suddenly jumped at the sound of another kids voice, quickly turning around, and automatically shielding Nikki from view, as she hastily wrapped her illicit find back into her towel.

The voice belonged to Aiden, who was approaching the group from the direction of The Lodge, alongside Maria. They were both barefoot, and had towels draped around their shoulders.

“Me and Maria are going for a swim. If our pairs say it’s ok,” he explained. “You guys wanna come to?”

They told him that’s what their plan was as well, and agreed to wait while he and Maria ran of to ask permission from their parents, who were still at work at the toilet block.

“Fuck,” Nikki whispered to Amy. “There goes that plan. That little kid is going to bug me all week.”

“Don’t stress Nik,” Amy whispered in reply. “Let them tag along. You never know, they could turn out to be fun. Our guys like Aiden, and it IS Maria’s folks that own this place. We can’t very well tell her where she can’t go.”

Nikki agreed, although still unhappy about it, and soon the other two returned, smiling broadly.

“We can go!” Maria beamed, and they all started walking towards the track.

Out of the seven kids, four of them were wearing wet underpants, but of course they didn’t know that. For those four in particular, plus Danny, they just wanted to get into the water as soon as possible, so they could safely wet themselves without the others knowing.

*1161*2020-05-13 09:09

{{On 5/11/2020 at 10:36 PM, WetNick88 said:

Great to see this story continue - and as good as ever. Barry you are a genius, I didn't have to go back and re-read a thing, you managed to re-introduce your cast so well and subtly remind us each of their characters. Felt like we'd never been away!

}}

Thanks mate. Glad you’re still enjoying it. It’s nice to continue it. For months I’ve been lightly plotting chapters, but for obvious reasons haven’t written any.

I came to the conclusion that if it’s removed, it’s out of my hands. I love writing it, so I’ll keep going.

*1162*2020-05-13 11:28

Chapter 20

Thursday

Who Has A Birthday?

As they all approached the path to the beach, Maria grabbed Aiden by the hand, and dragged him to the front of the group, where she could guide her friends safely, and give a running commentary about what they could expect to see. The fact that there was only one path, and not a lot to see, didn’t appear to dampen her enthusiasm at all.

Next in line came Nikki and Scott, her on the left, and holding his hand, while Matt walked beside Scott on the right. The boys chatted amiably with each other, while Nikki was simply content to walk beside her boyfriend, holding his hand. After all, he did love her apparently.

Dan and Amy were the last pair, holding hands just like their friends were. The sun was warm on their faces, as was the ground beneath their feet, with a gentle breeze coming off the ocean, and the sound of seagulls, and small waves rolling in. Amy gradually slowed their pace, until they were finally hidden from view by a bend in the path, and she dragged on his hand, silently indicating for him to stop.

“What’s up, babe?” It was asked softly, so as not to draw the attention of the others.

Without saying a word, Amy took his hand, lifted her dress up with her other one, and guided him onto the V-shaped triangle of her black lycra bikini bottoms. He grinned at her, moving his hand slightly to cup her private area with it, and leaned in to kiss her, when he suddenly realised that his hand was touching wet cloth.

“Ames,” he hissed. “Are you already wet?”

She opened her legs a bit, allowing him further access, then clamped her thighs closed again, trapping his hand, before leaning it to return his kiss. As their lips locked together, and their tongues gently probed each others, Amy gave a gentle push, and peed on his hand as they kissed. It was only a quick squirt, and his hand prevented it from running down her legs.

“Yup,” she replied with a wink and a grin, before stepping back, and taking his now wet hand into hers again.

He was about to reply, when they heard Nikki’s voice from up ahead.

“Come on you two! Have a look at this!”

The giggling couple hurried off, catching up with their friends on top of a small rise. Laid out before them was the beach, stretching literally for miles in both directions. To their right, away from town, not a soul could be seen. To their left, towards the town, a few people could be seen in the distance, but far enough away that they may as well not have there at all.

“Oh wow,” Scott murmured. “This is radical. Why aren’t their more people here Maria?”

“It gets quite busy down there,” she explained, pointing towards the distant people. “That’s where the actual town is, ‘bout two kilometres away. Between them and us, there’s no easy access. Not without walking through the scrub, which you probably don’t wanna do cause of snakes and spiders and stuff.”

“Spiders......?” Nikki asked nervously.

“Yeah,” said Maria. “You can get big ones up here, ‘specially in the bush. Gi-normous snakes too.”

Scott felt Nikki’s grip on his hand tighten.

Maria smiled at Nikki, determined to be friendly. “Don’t worry, I’m prolly more scared of them than you are! But haven’t seen too many around the park. The snakes just don’t come out if there’s lotsa people around, and papa has had a guy in to bug spray all the vans and buildings.”

“He must’ve missed one in our van,” Nikki said with a grimace, and Maria giggled.

“Yeah. You get some. Just gotta watch out I guess.”

Aiden looked around nervously.

“Ah, Maria, if there’s like lotsa spiders here, shouldn’t we like wear shoes? We’ve been running around barefoot since I got here?”

She snorted. “Yeah. Probably. I just hate wearing shoes if I don’t haveta.”

“Me too,” said Nikki. “But, spiders...”

Maria smiled at her. It was an open, genuine smile with no malice. “Don’t sweat it Nikki. I haven’t been bitten once since we started coming here. You’ll be ok.”

She turned to address them all as a group.

“Alright guys! It’s a pretty safe beach. Kinda boring really. Doesn’t get any waves or rips or nothing, but that’s prolly why my olds don’t mind me coming here. There’s some really cool rock pools just up there, with little baby crabs and stuff, and seashells up that way.”

She turned to Matthew. “If your papa takes that big boat out, you guys will catch big fish! They get snapper and emperor and dhufish not to far out! There’s a deep channel you see,” and she pointed to where the water changed colour quite a bit offshore.

This bit of information was filed away in Matt’s brain now. He loved going fishing with his dad, and couldn’t wait to tell him all about this mystical channel later.

Maria continued, and the gang didn’t interrupt. She was one of those people who simply had a presence, and attracted your attention.

“One other thing guys. We really should do something special on Saturday. You lot know about the underage disco at the pub Saturday night? We really should go! You can help me celebrate!”

“What’re you celebrating?” Scott asked.

“It’s my birthday Saturday! I’m finally gonna be a teenager,” she looked at Nikki and winked. “Not a damn twelvie anymore!”

Nikki blushed, and shuffled her feet uncomfortably.

“Um. Maria. About that. Look. I’m really sorry, and...”

Maria giggled. “Don’t worry ‘bout it Nikki! I’m not. You guys just had a really huge drive. You musta like left at midnight or something. No wonder you were a bit grumpy. I’d just like us all to be friends.”

Everyone started congratulating Maria. They all knew what a big deal it was finally becoming a teenager. Most of them were now two years into it, but it was still fairly recent for Nikki, her birthday coming only six months ago. She was now feeling particularly bad about her “twelvie” comments. It’s just that the girl had appeared so short before. But now she really looked at her properly, she could see that Maria was starting to develop a figure, and in fact probably used the same bra size that she did!

Aiden was also gobsmacked. Like Nikki, his first teenage birthday had been less than a year ago, and he knew what a big deal it had been to him. Like Danny had been, Aiden was desperately waiting for puberty to strike, and that magic teen number had held so much promise. Empty though thus far, although after his special dream last night, it looked like things might finally be starting to happen.

“How come you didn’t tell me,” he asked, sounding a bit put out. “You coulda said something!”

Maria arched one of her pretty eyebrows at him, the way that only Italian women of great beauty seem able to do.

“I only met ya yesterday. Aiden. I didn’t think it was a big deal. I wasn’t expecting to have anyone to hang around with! I was kinda expecting to spend it with the olds. That’s why mama made me get a haircut today, to make me pretty for pictures to send to my nonna and gram papa.”

“It worked, although you were already pretty,” Aiden said, leaning in to kiss her on the cheek.

Dan and Matt immediately started making retching noises at that, and Scott wasted no time in sweeping the smaller boys feet out from underneath him, although he caught him and lowered him gently to the ground.

“Jesus Aids!”

“You’re real smooth shrimp-boy”

“Get a freaking room,”

All the girls, including Maria, burst into peals of laughter, while the boys made sure that none of that “romantic stuff” was going to come into the conversation.

Once it settled down, the kids descended onto the beach proper, while Maria explained how her family worked.

“Italian families are crazy,” she said. “They’re huge! And everything is an excuse for a party. Shit! You should see what Christmas is like! There’s like 500 cousins all running around playing. It’s pretty cool.” She looked a bit wistful at this, and grabbed Aidens hand again.

“But some birthdays are like a bigger deal than others. 13, 16, 18, 21. It’s always a big party, with lots of relatives and friends and gifts. I was a little bit sad to miss it this year, even though papa promised I could have a big party after we get home. I still thought it was gonna be kinda lonely.”

She turned to Aiden and smiled, then kissed him on the nose. “That’s why I was so glad when you arrived,” she said.

Again, the other boys made vomit noises, which made Maria laugh.

“Now you guys are all here, maybe it’ll be like having a party anyway!”

Amy had felt a tiny bit of pee escape when she laughed, warming her bikini pants yet again, but nothing ran down her legs. She didn’t even feel like she needed to go in the slightest, but decided that it might be a wise move to go in the water as soon as possible. At least her bikini didn’t show the wetness.

She was about to suggest a swim, when Nikki suddenly paused, finding a slight hollow in the bank behind them that offered some privacy. She had decided not to mention the cigarettes in front of Aiden and Maria at first, but now, she had changed her mind. Even though she still couldn’t help thinking of them as “The Little Kids,” although they were actually the same age as her, they really did seem nice. Screw it. She could only offer to include them. After all, she was fairly certain they wouldn’t tattle on on them.

“This looks like a good spot! Who wants a smoke?”

*1165*2020-05-18 08:45

Chapter 20

Wet Pants On The Beach

The bigger kid’s gathered excitedly around Nikki, with even Scott forgetting his previous misgivings. He wasn’t a particularly big fan of smoking, and would normally not be very interested, but, he was a big fan of hanging out with his mates and his girlfriend, and doing things with them. The fact that what they were doing was illicit, only added to the feelings of bonding and friendship.

The youngest two didn’t immediately crowd around. Maria looked excited but nervous, while Aiden looked horrified.

“Wh, what are you guys doing? You’re not gonna smoke, are you?”

“Sure are shrimp,” Matt replied. “Don’t look so stressed! You know we’ve done it before. We toldya about smoking at camp and stuff.”

“Yeah. But still. I thought you guys were done with that? You said you weren’t gonna do it anymore.”

“We said we wouldn’t BUY them anymore,” Danny chuckled. “These were kinda like a gift from God, eh Nik?”

Amy saw the look on Aidens face, and recognised that this situation had made him very uncomfortable. Having someone very uncomfortable around when you’re doing the wrong thing isn’t always the best idea. She spoke calmly and nicely to him.

“You know that there’s no pressure here guys? You don’t have to smoke at all if you don’t want to. Nobody will think any less of you if you don’t. Maybe you guys can go for a swim or something while we do it. That way you don’t have to be involved at all. You can’t get into trouble if you’re not involved in the first place.”

Before Aiden could answer, Maria boldly stepped forward. “I’ve always wanted to try it! Nikki! Could you teach me how to do it, please?”

Nikki grinned at her. Maria actually seemed like a nice person, now she’d got to know her a bit better.

“Sure Maria, but only if you’re really sure you wanna try. Like Ames said, we won’t hate on you guys at all if you decided not too. I’ve gotta admit, it’s probably not the smartest thing in the world to try.”

“No shit,” mumbled Scott, causing her to turn to him next.

“Same as you babe. You don’t have to if you don’t want to. I don’t care.”

Scott grinned. Even though he was a bit more in the ‘no-smoking’ group than what his friends were, it was still kind of exciting. After all, they were on holidays, and currently unsupervised with no grownups around. He knew that he’d bend his own rules, at least once.

They gathered around in a semicircle in the little washout in the dune. It gave them some protection from the slight breeze, and some all important privacy should a parent suddenly walk off the path on to the beach. Nikki held the pack open with a flourish, and offered it to all of them.

Dan, Amy and Matt all hurriedly took one each, Scott paused for the briefest of moments, before smiling at her and taking two, one for each of them. The pack got offered to Maria, and she gave a nervous half smile to Aiden, wordlessly asking his opinion. Aiden was absentmindedly tugging gently at the crotch of his shorts, a nervous habit that he had when he got stressed, and one his parents still had to remind him about sometimes. He kind of had to pee a bit, although he certainly wasn’t desperate, but when he got nervous, he subconsciously started to do a bit of a potty dance.

He was aware that he did it sometimes, and had had to make a conscious effort to not do it if he was reading in front of the class for example, but if he became nervous when he wasn’t expecting too, his slight need to urinate could swiftly accelerate, and he’d find himself tugging at his weiner like a potty training toddler at times. It didn’t help that he was always ever so slightly nervous about getting overly excited and wetting his pants a bit in front of his friends. He still wanted to talk to Danny about that one day, but the right time hadn’t presented itself yet.

Nobody had noticed him giving a swift tug on his pants, and he quickly pulled his hand away, because Maria was looking at him expectantly.

“What?” He asked, giving a nervous shrug.

“You wanna try it?” She asked.

“If you do,” he replied meekly, mentally kicking himself for not sounding more positive one way or another.

“Maybe Aiden and I can just share one?” Maria asked tentatively, withdrawing one with a certain amount of awe when Nikki smiled her approval. She held the forbidden object with a certain amount of scared reverence, gently between two fingers.

“I’ve always wanted to try this,” she half whispered to nobody in particular.

Amy positioned herself at the far end of the group, with Danny on her inside, then she slipped her little sundress off, and quickly sat down, just in case anyone looked closely at her little black bikini pants. Once seated, she drew her knees up, and tugged briefly at them, feeling the dampness, before casually glancing down, instantly relieved to find that they didn’t look wet at all. She had known that they wouldn’t of course, but it still felt incredibly weird to be wearing wet briefs around anyone except Danny or Nikki. Mat sat beside Dan, then Scotty, Nikki, Maria, and Aiden on the far end. The lighter was passed to Amy, who lit up, and took a drag like a seasoned professional, before passing it to her boyfriend. After he and Matt, it passed to Scott, who lit up both his and Nikki’s cigarettes together, before he passed both the lighter and smoke to her.

“Okay,” she said, passing the lighter to Maria. “You gotta light it, and kinda suck it back a bit, but not too far or you’ll choke. Don’t inhale it at first. Just keep the smoke in your mouth without breathing back in. Trust me. You’ll be fine.”

The olive skinned girl with the jet black hair did as she was instructed, holding the smoke only in her mouth, with her cheeks a bit bloated, before blowing it out in a rush.

“Now, try taking just a tiny bit of smoke, and breathing in slowly,” Nikki instructed.

Everyone watched with baited breath as Maria did this, and she held the smoke in, before exhaling slowly.

“I did it! I actually did it,” she squealed, and her friends laughed and clapped. She passed it on to Aiden, who had started loosely tugging at his crotch again now he was seated.

He really didn’t want to do this! His parents were very anti-smoking, and had raised him the same way. Most kids get an urge to try it at least once, then some, like Scott, are more reticent, but still curious. The rest, and probably the minority are like Aiden. They have no interest in ever trying it at all. But, Maria had done it, and he was so desperate to impress her, and for her to like him as much as he was starting to like her, that he’d do anything to win her over. It didn’t help that his friends were there, probably all expecting him to ‘man-up,’ and all looking older, bigger, and more mature than him in front of his girlfr......in front of Maria, he corrected himself.

He removed his shaking hand from his weiner, now suddenly aware that he needed to pee quite badly. He’d peed behind the caravan less than three hours before, but he suddenly felt a bit desperate. Nervousness always did that to him, no doubt helped along by the huge glass of Coke that Maria had made him drink before they left The Lodge. He gingerly held the lit smoke between his fingers, before gently placing it between his lips. He prayed that he wouldn’t have a coughing fit, because he was convinced that he’d wet his pants if that happened, and everyone, including his girlfr....Maria was watching him.

Following Nikki’s instructions, he followed the same procedures as Maria had, with the same results. It went down smoothly, came out the same, and didn’t taste anywhere near as bad as what he had expected.

“I did it,” he half squealed with wonder, passing it back to Maria, then leaning over her to accept a fist bump from Scott. He secretly loved it when his new friends did stuff like that with him! It made him feel so included. A feeling he wasn’t used to having.

He sat back, feeling pleased and relieved with himself, before reaching down to softly tug at his shorts again, where he suddenly felt a slight wetness. He looked down, and between his legs was a small wet spot, less than an inch in diameter. It was tiny, but stood out boldly on his light blue shorts. He must’ve leaked just a tiny drop from the excitement, and he quickly put his legs out straight, and crossed them, to hide the inside of his legs.

That’s what happened sometimes. He’d get overly excited or scared, and a bit would come out, just like when his dad tickled him. All of a sudden, he felt like he really needed to go badly. He wouldn’t go until they finished smoking of course. That would look weird, and everyone would look at him as he got up, but he silently prayed that he could go and jump in the water sooner rather than later, before he wet himself in front of everybody.

Man! He really needed to talk to Danny about this!

Scott took his shirt off, and laid back, stretching his arm out. Nikki took the hint, and lay back into it, her head resting on his shoulder and chest. She puffed contendedly on her cigarette, thinking to herself that this was simply the most grownup that she had ever felt. To be laying back against your shirtless boyfriends chest while having a cigarette just felt so completely adult!

Amy was feeling pretty chilled as well. She didn’t think that she needed to pee, although she’d go in as soon as everyone else did, just in case. But for the moment, she was happy just sitting in silence, enjoying the sun, and her cigarette, while her boyfriend chatted amiably to Matthew.

Aiden and Maria took turns with their cigarette, and the boy had already decided that if the opportunity arose again, he’d take a full one for himself. However for now he was happy to share, meaning they would finish first and he could go in the water before anyone saw his little wet spot.

However, Matty finished first, then drained the last of his ice tea, and dropped the butt into the empty bottle.

“I’ve gotta go in,” he explained. “I’m busting for a pee. I haven’t been since we got here.”

The others laughed. It was unusual for the big, silent boy to crack jokes, especially about such a sensitive topic that affected Scott, Dan and Amy, and they cheered him as he ran into the water and dived in.

“Wanna join him?” Nikki asked Scott, who hopped up, and offered his hand to help her. He leaned in for a quick kiss, then they ran into the water holding hands.

“What about you, Catholic Boy?” Amy asked, and they did the same, laughing all the way, while Dan took the opportunity to rub his hand across Amy’s butt, checking it for fresh wetness.

Maria passed the last of the butt to Aiden, who finished it, before adding it to one of the empty bottles.

“Come on Aiden. Let’s go too!”

“Ummm. Sounds good Maria. But, um, could we maybe go down the beach a bit? Maybe you could show me those rock pools or something?”

She looked at him with her raised eyebrow. What he was beginning to think of as “The Maria Look.”

“Sure. If you wanna. But why not just go in here with your friends? They seem cool. Even Nikki seems nice.”

He opened his legs up, and said “Because....” making her look down.

The wet spot wasn’t big, but it had grown to at least two inches since he’d squeezed his legs together, forcing more wetness from his already damp underpants. It was very noticeable.

“What happened?” Maria whispered, looking around.

“I guess I got kinda excited, or maybe a little bit scared about the smoking,” he replied in a soft voice. “I didn’t even feel it come out! But now I’m busting to go. If we walk down there where they are, they’ll see it, and I’ll prolly start peeing before I get past ankle deep. Can we just go up the beach a little bit? Please?”

She grinned at him. “Course we can. It’s probably better anyway. We can totally pee our pants in front of each other there, just like our plan was!”

“Your plan,” he muttered, but was grateful to get up. He hadn’t been completely enthused about deliberately wetting himself in front of her, but now it was a much better option than accidentally wetting himself in front of everyone!

They wandered up the beach aways, automatically holding hands as soon as they got up. Their friends noticed of course, but figured the couple were just going to enjoy some alone time together, and although they were correct, it wasn’t exactly as they might’ve thought.

Once they were a hundred meters or so away, Maria stopped, squeezing the boys hand to indicate it. “How’s this? Aiden? Good enough?”

He looked back at his friends. They were all fooling around in the water, with Matt’s football being thrown back and forth, meaning no one was watching them. “It’s good,” he agreed, squeezing himself with pent up desperation again.

“You first,” Maria instructed.

Aiden was at first confused. “Me first what,” he said.

“You first to pee your pants,” she replied.

He froze. “No way! Uh-uh! I just wanna go pee in the water, thanks very much!”

“You promised,” she reminded him, giving him puppy dog eyes.

“I didn’t ‘promise,’ and that’s when we were gonna be here alone! They’re here now! What if they see us?”

Maria opened her stance, and suddenly a big, dark wet spot bloomed on her light green shorts. It spread quickly across the front, and coated her inside legs, before pee was running down bare flesh, and pouring across her bare feet for the second time that afternoon.

“See what?” Maria asked innocently, the front of her shorts now completely soaked almost to the waistline. She couldn’t have been more wet on the front if she had been a boy.

Aiden was desperate. He still needed to pee super bad, plus he was now worried his friends would see Maria’s pants. The contrast between light lime green and dark wet olive green was glaring, although she didn’t appear concerned.

He found himself giving his bladder a push, and immediately felt the exact same sensation that Maria had felt. His light blue shorts exploded with a huge, contrasting dark patch across the front, and the hot, slightly sticky wetness tickled his bare legs before coating his feet. He was watching himself wet his pants just like a toddler might do, before glancing up and seeing her staring breathlessly at him, almost in a state of wonder.

“Come on Aiden! Let’s go in before they see us,” she whispered.

The boy didn’t need to be asked twice, and they held hands as they made a giggling run into the water.

*1171*2020-05-20 06:57

{{On 5/19/2020 at 9:39 AM, StewieFan28 said:

When the parents are away again, why not have Amy have her pants unzipped in front of Dan?

Also, ever think of having them try other bands of adult diapers like the Tena Slip or the Rearz Select Inspire?

}}

Thanks so much for following and taking the time to comment. Much appreciated.

Anything could happen with Amy yet. She loves teasing Dan!

As for the diaper suggestions, it’s an easy answer! I use Molicare pull ups myself, (when I buy them, and I’m very familiar with them.) I haven’t tried the other ones. Aren’t Rearz an ABDL brand? I can’t imagine the parents buying those for the kids! I’m familiar with Tena, but haven’t used them myself.

$

