The Bill Omorashi Story

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2012-06-30 13:28

The Bill Omorashi Story

Sergeant Callum Stone and Sophia Blackburn are trapped in a room with one little window and one door. The man who has captured them intends to make Callum suffer...by...making him...drink a lot?

“How the hell did we get into this situation?” Sergeant Callum Stone asked.

Sophia Blackburn shrugged her shoulders from where they were locked up in a room together.

“I don’t know; but here we are; locked up in one skanky room with…oh look, no escape and only a little window” she replied.

Before you ask; yes, she was pissed off beyond belief; not with Callum; but with the situation; it didn’t help that she was in desperate need of a pee. Suddenly; a man came in and Sophia looked up at him.

“Great; about fucking time” she said.

She walked up to him and looked him in the eye.

“You got a bathroom?” She asked.

The man grinned and shoved her out of the door.

BILLBILL

When Sophia got back into the room; Callum was still walking around. The man shoved Sophia back into the room and then shut the door.

“Charmin’ ain’t it?” Callum asked.

Sophia chuckled.

“I guess they favour women more than they do men” she replied.

Callum looked down at her and rolled his eyes. He needed to go as well; but he wasn’t going to show Sophia that he needed to; besides it was only a slight pressure in his bladder anyway; it was bearable.

BILLBILL

A few hours later; it had started to rain, Sophia was at the window and Stone was getting desperate and the sound of the rain wasn’t helping…but what also wasn’t helping, was the fact that Sophia was singing about water too.

“Drip, drip, drop

Little April showers

Beating a tune as you fall all around.

Drip, drip, drop

Little April showers

What can compare to that beautiful sound.

Beautiful sound

Beautiful sound

Beautiful sound.

Drip, drop, drip, drop” she sang.

Callum looked up at her.

“Can you stop singing that please?” He asked.

Sophia looked at him and looked around.

“You have to pee don’t you?” She asked back.

He shook his head.

“No, it’s just annoying” he replied.

He shifted a little, he was uncomfortable; his bladder was getting fuller and fuller by the minute. Then a man came in with two bottles of water and held one out to Sophia; she took it, but when Sergeant Stone went to take his; the man tipped it and the water poured out onto the concrete; making Callum need to pee even more. The man laughed at Callum squirming in his seat; and then walked out with the bottle in his hand; Sophia shook her head and walked over to Callum; kneeling in front of him and looking up at him.

“Are you alright?” She asked.

Callum looked at her and nodded.

“Yeah; I’m fine” he replied.

Sophia went to speak again but Callum held up his hand.

“I’m fine” he insisted.

Sophia nodded and moved away from him; in all truth, he wasn’t fine; his bladder was making him very uncomfortable and he continued to squirm a little more. Sophia knew that he wouldn’t accept any help, and he wouldn’t go in front of her and she also knew that he was trying to hide the fact that he had to pee…

BILLBILL

Another hour went past; and now Callum was very desperate; in fact, it was bordering on extreme desperation; the man from earlier came back with another two bottles of water and if he tipped this one out; Callum knew that there would be the sound of…other fluids hitting the concrete too. The man gave Sophia one bottle and then gave Callum another one; but this time he didn’t leave.

“The boss wants you to drink it” he said.

He was looking at Callum as he said this; no, he wouldn’t be able to do it. One more drop in his bladder and it was going to take a mind of its own.

“I can’t” he said.

The man glared at him.

“Drink it” he growled.

Callum looked up at him; his eyes almost pleading.

“I can’t” he repeated.

The man grabbed the bottle; opened it; pinched Callum’s nose and then stuck the neck of the bottle in his mouth; Callum was forced to drink it so he could breathe. When the bottle was empty; the man took it away and also took Sophia’s empty bottle away. Callum was now sat there; with a wet shirt and hunched over in his seat.

“Callum?” Sophia asked.

She walked up to him and crouched in front of him; looking at his face, to see tears in his eyes.

“Cal…look at me” she said.

Callum’s eyes briefly met hers before he looked down again; Sophia then heard the pitter patter of liquid hitting the concrete and looked down; liquid was coming from the seat, which meant…

“Oh Callum” she said.

It was going slowly; but she knew what was happening.

“Why didn’t you tell me?” She asked.

Callum looked away from her; his body tense as he tried to keep his water…but it wasn’t happening. Sophia looked up as another man entered the room and looked at Callum.

“Get up” he said.

Sophia looked at Callum before shaking her head.

“Don’t you think you’ve done enough?” She asked.

The man didn’t even listen to her; he just continued to look at Callum.

“Get…up” he repeated.

Sophia moved away as Callum went to get up; holding his lower abdomen as he did. Once he was at a vertical base; the man smiled.

“The boss wants you to take your trousers off” he said.

Sophia growled as the man said this.

“Well; you can go tell your boss to get fucked” she growled.

The man gave her a pointed look; before bringing out a gun.

“Take your trousers off; or she gets a bullet between her eyes” he warned.

Callum held up his hand and began to undo his trousers, before getting them to his mid thighs and letting them drop. He toed off his shoes and stepped out of them; the man picked the trousers up and then chucked them out of the door; before walking over to Callum and pressing the gun into his abdomen…hard. Callum grunted with the pressure, and his bladder muscles gave way a little more, letting more water pass through. Sophia watched in horror as the man literally made the man she had a crush on; pee him-self in front of her.

“Stop” she said.

The man looked at her; before taking the gun away and then delivering a swift punch to Callum’s abdomen; making him fall to his knees and his bladder muscles to finally give way completely. The man and his friends looked at Callum and laughed before walking out; Sophia was instantly by Callum’s side; pulling his head down to her shoulder. One of his hands came onto her other shoulder and his head pressed harder against the shoulder it was resting on as he sobbed out of pure embarrassment. Sophia brought her hand up and began to stroke down his head to his neck; repeating the action over and over again. She heard him whispering something as he cried; stopping her movements to listen carefully; he was apologising.

“Callum; you have nothing to be sorry for hon…it’s not your fault” she said.

The man continued to weep and apologise until his bladder was completely empty and his underwear was soaking wet through.

