Peeing into the Night

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2015-12-22 15:18

Hi all. Long time no see, but this vivid naughty dream appeared out of no-where last night and was too good not to share. Can't imagine how subconsciously horny I was fantasise like this in my sleep.

I woke up in the calm dead of night. Despite the chilly winter evening, my window was ajar. The curtains danced in the frosty breeze, but I was warm. Like the curtains butterflies danced in my tummy. My long hair swirled on my pillow, tickling my flushed cheeks and sending shivers down my spine. It was a mix of nerves and excitement, a distinctive combination that can only mean one thing. I was horny. Very horny.

Barely thinking I left the soft embrace of my bed and swept up my fleecy pjs. With nothing on underneath, the fleece stroked my skin as I tiptoed out the cottage and toward the tree line. Every step was as if a painter had coated his brush in pleasure and was gently swiping it over my delicate skin.

I reached the tree line and headed into the woods as far as the moonlight took me. With only thin flip-flops on my little feet, I felt every twig I stepped on. Soon I was in the pitch black, but I was not afraid. There was only one thing on my mind. Unable to see, every other sense was heightened. My pants were getting sticky. I listened to the acute sounds of the forest at night. The trees rustling in the gentle breeze, the crickets singing to their mates and a stream tricking in the far distance.

My stream was coming. I was shaking now, excitement building in me as I got closer and closer. My arms crossed to keep me warm, my feet side by side. Then it happened. With no panties my fleece pants quickly filled with a torrent of pee. I gasped aloud as the pee, red hot compared to the winter's night, dashed inside my legs and flowed over my cold feet. The leaves below me crackled as my thick stream beat its way through the fleece and rained down. Twigs and moss on the ground kicked a warm spray over my toes, sending a buzz all through my little, sensitive body. I grasped at my soaking pants; pulling them tight to here the hiss. But it felt so good. So very very good.

Out of control I slid a hand past the lose waistband. My fingers were wet, drenched in hot pee. I slipped in, rubbing as fast as I could. The pleasure was real, so real I could hardly handle it. My moans fell into the night. I rubbed harder. I went deeper. I was alive. Bursts of electric rocked my core. Soon my wet fingers were dashed with my sweet sticky juices. The cold pee soaked fleece was warm again as my hot cum rolled over the palm of my hand.

I woke dreary eyed. My bottom was soaked, my sheets covered. I could hear dripping as my still warm pee hit the wooden floor. My knees trembled and my cheeks were flushed.

I wish you all happy holidays.

