The Dr. Pepper Effect (TBBT fanfiction)

Author: Inactive :(

*000*2015-12-27 06:24

Recently, I looked up fanfiction of The Big Bang Theory, and when I couldn't find any Omorashi stories, I decided to write one myself. Hope you like it! :)

###

The movie had finally ended, and the credits began to roll. Penny, who was aware of a slight urge to use the bathroom, finished off her large Dr. Pepper and prepared to carry it with her. She turned towards her boyfriend, Leonard, and waited for him to follow her.

"What are you waiting for, sweetie?" she asked.

"What if there's something extra at the end of the credits?" Leonard replied.

"It's just a documentary," Penny complained, "And besides, I have to pee."

"Hmm, you're right. Got everything?"

"Yes."

Penny carried her cup as they walked down the steps, and discarded it once they left the theater. As they neared the bathrooms, Penny noticed a long line of people waiting for the bathroom as well.

"You sure you want to wait in that line?" Leonard asked. "Our apartment building is only fifteen minutes from here."

"Nah, I can hold it fifteen minutes."

Holding hands, they exited the building and headed for Leonard's car.

"You may enter, ma'lady," Leonard tried to sound fancy, as he held the passenger door open for his girlfriend.

"Oh, stop," Penny joked, giggling as she sat down in the passenger seat and closed the door behind her.

Once he was in, Leonard buckled up and started the car before heading down the aisle of the parking lot and turning onto the road.

Within a few minutes of leaving the movie theater, Penny was suddenly aware of the size of the soda she had drank earlier, and the Dr. Pepper was starting to rapidly fill her bladder. Before long, she found herself fidgeting in the seat of Leonard's car. Then she realized they weren't moving very quickly, and noticed the number of vehicles surrounding them.

"What's with the traffic jam?"

"I think there's an accident up ahead," Leonard answered. "I see flashing lights in the distance."

Penny crossed her legs and waited for the traffic to speed up. However, it seemed to come to a stop. Ohh, keep going, please, she thought. She wasn't sure if she could hold it long enough to reach her apartment, especially considering the fact that her bladder was getting close to its maximum capacity. Why couldn't I have gotten a medium drink? She silently scolded herself.

Finally, the traffic was beginning to let up, and before long they were moving at a faster rate.

"How much longer?" she asked.

"A little less than ten minutes."

Penny moaned quietly and rubbed her leg, while fidgeting in her seat.

"You okay?" Leonard was a little concerned.

"I really have to pee," Penny confessed. "I don't know if I can make it to the apartment."

"Just hang in there, we're almost there."

Penny kept fidgeting in her seat, which soon turned into squirming as she occasionally crossed and uncrossed her legs, until finally, they reached the building. Leonard parked his car, and they both got out and headed straight for the door. It wasn't until then when the final burden reached her mind.

Five flights of stairs.

"Leonard...I don't think I can walk up these stairs...I'll never make it..."

"You can do it," Leonard assured, grabbing her hand.

They were almost halfway up the stairs when Penny had to stop and cross her legs. Some dribbled out, creating a few dark spots on the crotch of her jeans. "I think some just came out," she whined.

Leonard, standing behind her, was able to notice the small dark patch on the back of her jeans. "Keep going, we just have two and a half more flights. You're almost there."

At last, they reached the floor of their apartments.

"Yours or mine?" Leonard asked.

"I don't care! Yours! I gotta go now!" Penny complained. Leonard reached for his keys and unlocked the door. As soon as he opened it, Penny rushed in and made a beeline for the bathroom...which, unfortunately, was occupied.

"Sheldon! Open up!" Penny shouted, banging on the door.

"I'm having difficulty urinating here due to the chit-chat occurring between us," Sheldon yelled. "Can't you wait?"

"Just run across the hall and use yours," Leonard suggested.

"Nevermind!" Penny shouted to Sheldon as she bolted out the door, took her keys out of her purse, and ran through her living room, through her bedroom, to the bathroom. She undid the button on her jeans, but found herself unable to move the zipper. "Oh, god, no..."

It was too late. The liquids she had consumed were pushing their way out of her bladder, darkening her jeans and running down her legs. She tried to stop the flow, but failed to do so. A puddle started growing on the floor as she flooded her pants.

Just as the stream was finally starting to die down, she heard Leonard walk into the bedroom and knock on the bathroom door. "Penny? You okay?"

Penny was too mortified to answer. As a result of her silence, Leonard opened the door and saw her situation.

"I'm sorry," he said.

"It wasn't your fault," Penny replied. "I should've just waited in the line at the movie theater. I shouldn't have drank so much."

"It's okay, these things happen," Leonard tried to comfort her. "It's happened to me a few times; in fact, there was this one time when the guys and I had just got done with a long video game session. Sheldon was the first one in the bathroom, Raj was the second, and I peed my pants before it was my turn."

"But this hasn't happened to me in a long time," Penny cried. "Not since kindergarten."

"It's going to be alright," Leonard assured her. "Want me to get you a towel?"

"Yes, please."

Leonard found a towel in one of her dresser drawers and handed it to her.

After Penny had showered, she realized she had forgotten a pair of pants to change into. She emerged from the bathroom in just her bra, naked from the waist down. As she was ransacking through her drawer for a good pair of pants to wear, Leonard walked in on her. He found himself getting quite turned on from the sight of his girlfriend in the nude. Even though he'd already seen it several times, he loved it every time, and was loving it now.

"Hmm...wanna fool around some?" He asked, slightly nervous.

"Sure."

Leonard removed his jacket and kissed Penny, bringing her to the bed as he did so.

*002*2015-12-27 08:45

Thanks, glad you liked it :3

*006*2015-12-28 20:22

Thanks, guys <3

{{:

That was really good. There is a sad lack of TBBT fan fiction out there so its nice to see more.

}}

Agreed. :)

