Based on a true story.

Author: satyr

*000*2015-09-22 21:10

I'm a supporter of the experiences forum remaining about real experiences. I'm ever hopeful, but my real experiences and observations aren't nearly as exciting as I'd like. I'm sorry I can't contribute there except in comments—believe me, I really hope I have a good true story to share one day. In my fantasies, I embellish the few experiences I've had to my liking. I realized I could post them as fiction. There's at least a kernel of truth in the stories I'll be posting, but I will embellish and change things as I see fit. Without further ado, here is a story inspired by my recent vacation. In real life, of course, I'm a dude. The snazzy icon beside my name proves it, and internet people never lie. Since I'm into female desperation, the narrator of this story is female. Based on a true story, the same way Hollywood has white actors portraying black people and historical facts are handled with the care of a horse stampeding through a porcelain shop.

We're really spoiled to be living in the twenty-first century. It's amazing that we can make a trip that would take weeks two hundred years ago in just a matter of hours. Being disappointed that things don't go exactly as planned when I'll be employing the powers of modern aviation is a sign of the times. In any event, I was going to Rome. On the way there, there was one stop-over, just an hour and then I'd be aboard a direct plane to the eternal city, to which all roads lead and all that crap. I scrambled around for a bus to the airport and realized there was no bus passing by the stop right next to my house, when I'd seen one pass by just a couple weeks prior.

I power-walked to another bus stop I knew the airport shuttle passed by, dragging my suitcase behind me, and sat down relieved to have made it just in time. That is, until I received a text message telling me I needn't have bothered. “Your flight has been canceled. You've been booked on a new flight leaving at 15:30. You can check in by texting YES to this number.” I checked the time on my phone. 15:23. What the fuck. How was I supposed to reach a plane when it left seven minutes after I got the message? The whole affair ended with me getting a new flight later that night, missing my connecting night. That meant a free night at a hotel courtesy of the airline. Thankfully it was within walking distance of the airport. Less than five minutes, in fact. This whole mess meant I had to get a new plane bound for Rome at 6:30 in the morning. I'd have to be up at 5 AM. I fell asleep at one and barely slept four hours.

The next morning, I showered, scarfed down breakfast at the hotel, got my baggage checked in, and breezed through security. Not much of a line at this hour. My eyes were drooping as I walked. I've never fallen asleep standing before, but I feared this might be the day. Fantasies of powerful stimulant drugs raced through my mind, but I settled for coffee. I sat down at the gate, tapping my feet to the rhythm of nervous energy. Excitement mixed with a little trepidation. I don't fear flying, I just get anxious traveling abroad alone. I love traveling, but the whole getting from point A to point B part I don't love.

The time at B, this time Rome, is what I love about traveling. I boarded the plane and thought about sleeping, but decided against it. I can't sleep when I'm excited, I have trouble sleeping on planes in general, and I'd just had a coffee. My new travel route included a layover in Copenhagen. I noticed a flight attendant moving down the aisle, dragging along her trolley of snacks and drinks. One complementary sandwich for Business class. I was in Economy—otherwise I could never have afforded this vacation—and all I got was a free coffee. I needed more coffee anyway.

I was sitting in the window seat, next to two middle-aged women. The flight attendant offered me one of those paper cups that do nothing to shield you from the scalding heat of the beverage inside. I flipped down the table in front of me and accepted the offer. Except it was too hot, and my hand was unsteady. The cup slipped out of my hand and spilled over my lap—but mostly onto the woman beside me. I was mortified. It's not even nine in the morning yet, and I've already soiled my pants, but more importantly, someone else's. The woman chuckled. Best case scenario. The flight attendant asked if I was okay. In reality, I wasn't.

Aside from the embarrassment, I'd spilled nearly boiling hot coffee on myself. If not for my pants, I'd have gotten burn injuries, I'm sure of it. The little layer of insulation saved me, but I still sat with a painful burning sensation on my upper thighs. Too embarrassed to say anything—and what could the flight attendant have done anyway—I accepted a stack of paper towels. We got cleaned up as well as we could. That was a mostly futile effort. The woman beside me asked if she had bumped into my hand. “Yeah, sure.” She hadn't, my hands had just been unsteady. The flight attendant offered me a new cup of coffee, but I was too mortified to accept. The rest of the flight passed uneventfully.

I disembarked at Copenhagen Airport and went looking for a bathroom. I had to pee a little bit, not nearly urgent, but mostly I wanted to change into the shorts I had in my backpack. It was a relatively cold morning when I left, but once I'd be landing in Rome, it would be a hot summer day. I thanked gods I don't believe in that I brought the shorts along, so I could get out of my coffee-stained jeans. When I looked down, it almost looked like I'd peed myself, except for a conspicuous lack of wetness right where my legs met. I'm pleased to say there's a small gap between them. In any event, I found the ladies', peed and changed. Next task: locate a place to buy a bottle of water. It was already appropriate weather for shorts, and once I arrived, it would be even hotter.

I found a silent place to sit down, sipping on my water. My laptop was dead and I'd smartly put the charger in my check-in luggage. Great. I hate surfing the internet on my little phone screen—my frustration with being relegated to access all the world's information in 1080p resolution on this tiny wonder machine was another sign of the times. There was nothing wrong, I was in the right place, had my boarding ticket, knew the gate, had two and a half hours to spare, but still, a feeling of unease. I'd forgotten something. My medication. My anti-crazy pills. I realized I hadn't gotten any kind of official-looking document from my doctor reassuring customs that these were my prescription pills, and didn't even know if I needed it upon entering Italy.

Great, as if I needed another source of anxiety. But I'm already in the EU, right? Free borders? And anyway, my script is printed on the boxes, even if the officials can't read the language. I fished up the meds from my backpack and washed them down with water. Two red-and-white capsules, and four white pills that taste of some awful chemical fruit flavor. Whose brilliant idea was it to discourage a patient group who are already the most likely not to comply with their meds by adding this unnecessary flavoring? I got it down anyhow, and soon, the feeling of unease passed. I'm grumpy in the morning not because I'm tired or haven't had my morning coffee—I need a cigarette and my crazy meds.

On the way to the gate, I passed an ad. “The perfect accompaniment to your trip.” Picture of two cans of Pringles and two bottles of Carlsberg. Seventy-nine Danish kroner. The Danes sure love their beer. Another ad tempted travelers with a shot of Gammel Dansk with your beer, an awful brand of liquor, for ten kroner, or one Euro. I passed it all by, content with my water. It's five o'clock somewhere, but I'll be drinking enough when I get there.

Indeed, in retrospect, I woke up with a headache every morning. I spent three days until I located an actual bar, as the district I was staying in had a million pizza and pasta restaurants and no clubs or pubs. I still somehow managed to get tipsy, teetering on drunk, every day. The last night, I took a bus to Campo de' Fiori—the Field of Flowers—a square known for its nightlife. I watched Brazilian capoeira artists do backflips in the square and then go around with a hat asking for money from people at the outdoors tables of restaurants.

Then I had a few pints, which provided me with enough courage to approach a Belgian sitting alone. He took me to a club that opened at midnight, and I shuffled back and forth between an ATM and the club. Apparently I live in an unusually enlightened country, since I can pay by card everywhere. In Rome, it's all cash. So I withdrew way too much money and spent it all. Everyone was smoking inside, which threw me off. Surely this was against EU policies? I'm a smoker, so I sat down and did as the Romans do.

At 4 a.m., I was stumbling around Termini Station, looking for my hotel, totally shitfaced. A thief came running behind me and fucking snatched my phone right out of my hand. Stupid me, I'd spent the whole trip worried about pocket thieves, and then it turns out my phone would have been safer in my pocket. I couldn't find my hotel, so I hailed a cab, which took me all of two hundred meters to the other side of the station. I'd spent all my cash, and of course I couldn't pay by card. I think the concierge somehow fixed it, as if I was some VIP. I was too drunk to remember. I'd said fuck it to the shitty budget “hotel” I'd been staying it, barely worth its one star, and booked a real nice art deco hotel for the last night. More on that hotel later.

I passed out in bed without going to the bathroom. By some miracle, I woke up at ten, just in time before the Continental breakfast—the C is short for Crappy—was over, without an alarm. Also, I was in a hot but dry bed, bursting for a piss. I've never wet the bed, drunk or sober. My friends have, but never me. Good bladder genes I guess. I took a moment to admire my body in the tall mirror in the bathroom, naked from the waist up, but then my bladder told me that it was pee in the potty or pee in my panties time, so I sat down and unleashed the Kraken. As I did so, I felt vain for digging my body so much. It really isn't all that special, no matter how admiring the words of others are. I passed by the bidet.

Let's get back to the real story. Sorry for rambling. Overall, despite a delayed flight and a stolen phone, I enjoyed myself, although I did miss my friends. All three of them.

I bought a red hot dog at a stand, another Danish staple. It would have to do for breakfast. Before I headed for the gate, I took a detour to an outdoor smoking area. Ironically, to get fresh air at airport code CPH, you have to go to the smoking deck. I do love my cigarettes. I'm planning on killing my liver before the cigarettes kill me. Where is your god now, anti-smoking advocates?

I discarded my empty water bottle in a trash bin and walked to the gate. When I sat down, the feeling of unease was back. I tried to read the book I'd brought along, but the letters swam. I was seeing double, and I had trouble walking straight. I'd passed the numerous offers of cheap drinks by, but I felt drunk. Somewhere, the cogs in my head were turning, and I realized my mistake. My doctor had kindly offered me double strength pills, so I could take two instead of four. I'd been eating my old pills at home, but when I packed, I'd tossed in an unopened box, and it must have been the two-hundred and not one-hundred milligram ones. I had taken four. I should have taken two. Having the mystery worked out didn't exactly help. Would I get denied boarding because I was too “drunk”?

Everything went smoothly, although I'm sure my face was sporting my best “I'm totally not drunk” look.

I didn't know what else to do, so I decided to try and sleep off the drunk feeling. I couldn't sleep, but at least I could rest my eyes and hope that I wouldn't puke. I wasn't drunk, so hopefully this drunk-like feeling didn't come with the vomiting part. After an hour or so in the air, I began feeling better. I noticed a small need to pee, but I ignored it. Instead I opened my book and tried to read. Slowly, the letters stopped swimming and sank into place. The guy beside me was asleep. I was in an aisle seat, so I could've easily ran off to the restrooms and taken a longing look at the “No smoking in the airplane. This includes the plane lavatories” sign. I didn't. I could hold it, and I sometimes get a little fluttery feeling in my tummy when I hold my pee. It's odd. I can't explain it.

By the time the seat belt sign was switched on, I was definitely at the point where I would have normally gone to the bathroom. Paradoxically, my throat was parched and I was dying for a drink. Must be the heat. I watched the ground grow larger on one of the handy screens that had magically folded out in front of my seat, showing a live feed of our descent. Another modern wonder. We touched down, and I stepped out into the heat. I'd expected more of a heat wave, actually. I remember stepping off a plane in Croatia many years ago, directly from cold Scandinavia. The heat difference felt like stepping into a sauna. It had been over twenty Celsius in Copenhagen—I don't know how to convert metric to idiotic—and it was plenty hot. I was sweating and probably stinking.

Once inside the terminal, I latched onto the other passengers. I've always wondered if there's this one guy who actually knows where he's going, and everyone else just thinks, “Hey, let's follow the herd like ducklings.” What if one day there isn't that guy? We made it to the baggage claim today too. Now I had a problem: I was effectively trapped. There must be bathrooms somewhere, but I couldn't risk missing my luggage. I had to wait beside the conveyor belt. I was amazed at how slowly things were moving. Gives you a sense of just how huge this airport is. I was standing at baggage reclaim belt number 18, and still, it took forever to spot the pink ribbon on my suitcase. I recognized the Danes behind me from the herd, and asked them if we were really at the right place. They shrugged. “I think so,” they said, in their peculiar accent. It's like they're physically incapable of saying anything without involving the back of their mouth.

I'd began unconsciously shifting my legs by the forty minute mark. A possible accident was far from my mind. Inconceivable. Even the word “accident” in reference to wetting your pants sounded juvenile. By the one hour mark, I couldn't stand still. My movements were still subtle, but undeniable. The trained eye couldn't be certain, but if anybody around me had a special interest in this sort of thing, they would at least have raised an eyebrow. Seriously, an hour and still no luggage? I started to worry it was lost. But then everyone else's luggage would have to be, too, and we could demand the airline or airport or whoever do something about it with the force of a mob. Finally, after one hour and fifteen minutes of agonizing, I spotted my pink ribbon. I resolved to use the bathroom as soon as I got through customs. I passed by declaring nothing, as usual.

On the other side, there were no toilets in sight. It took me five minutes to orient myself, and when I squinted my eyes, I could make out a sign with a stick man and stick woman and an arrow on it in the distance. I headed over, but when I passed and saw that it pointed at a long corridor and past a corner out of sight, I made a split-second decision to keep holding it. I can pee at the train station. Where is that, anyway?

I located a ticket stand and bought one ticket to Termini station, the central hub in Rome. From there it should be a short walk to my hotel. The lady behind the counter was displeased, but allowed me to pay by card. This was the first suggestion that I ought to withdraw some cash. Despite my predicament, I had to buy a bottle of water. My thirst for water won out over my hunger for a pee. “Where's the station?” I asked the ticket lady. She told me to go to the second floor and I'd easily spot the signs.

Leonardo da Vinci—Fiumicino Airport is huge. The arrivals area was one long, wide corridor. I followed the train signs, but found nothing. My bladder jolted with each step. I wanted to stop and cross my legs, but it would only slow me down. It would be faster to just locate the train station and pee there. I took an elevator to the second floor and walked around aimlessly. I saw a lot of signs with a train icon, but none of them seemed to lead anywhere. One led to an escalator closed off with yellow tape.

At this point, I really needed to pee. I didn't remember the last time I had to pee this much. I was sweating, and every part of me, my shorts, my panties, my shirt, my legs and arms felt oily wet. For the first time since I was five, the thought entered my mind: what if I don't make it? No, silly, you're never going to have “an accident.” I made air quotes in my head. After half an hour of searching without result, I found some stairs leading to the third floor. There must be bathrooms there, I figured. Along with the squirmy feeling of a full bladder, there was that tingling in my tummy again. Stupid.

On the third floor, no bathroom was in sight. But there were more signs pointing to the train station, and this time, they seemed to lead somewhere. Finally! A thought clicked in my head: maybe the Italians use the same system as the British, where the ground floor is the zeroth, and the third story from the ground is the “second floor.” My brain must be filled with urine for me not to think of it earlier. I found my way to a glass corridor bridging two buildings. On the other side, I looked to my right and saw the welcome sign of a train station. There were no bathrooms.

I felt a pang in my stomach, my abdominal muscles strained, but I continued on without leaking a drop. I've never peed my pants lifting weights or laughing, not even a little bit. I bought a ticket and had it stamped as I passed a gate. Stood on the platform and realized two things. One, I need to pee. My brain seemed to rediscover this every other minute, when my bladder muscles acted up. Two, I have no idea which train to take. There seemed to be two destinations, which gave me a 50/50 chance of making it onto the right one.

They were apparently going in opposite directions. Landing in an unfamiliar place in an unfamiliar city seemed disastrous. One train arrived on the right side of the platform. I so wanted to take it, but I seemed to remember the man in the booth saying something about my train number starting with a 3—maybe 314? The train that arrived had the number 417 on the side. I stood hopping from foot to foot as it departed. Another train arrived on my left. 311. People were stepping off and stepping on, and I just stood there, holding my pee “like a big girl.” The air quotes around the childish language in my head were rapidly fading. The stream of people getting on the train became a trickle—not in my panties, thankfully—and then it was nothing. Three backpacking girls came up behind me and boarded the train like pros. Like they knew where they were going.

I couldn't take it anymore. I was briefly convinced that if I stood there waiting five minutes longer, I would be standing in a puddle. It wasn't true, of course. I was nowhere near the brink of losing it, so I told myself. In any case, why take the chance? 5% is still one in a twenty possible worlds, I am peeing myself in a fucking train station in fucking Rome, full of people, and I'm sure in 95% of those 5% I would be bawling like a baby. I chanced it. I'm an explorer going into the land on the map where it says “here be dragons.” I'm going on that fucking train. My internal dialogue gets increasingly salty when I'm stressed. When everything's almost going black and I'm close to hyperventilating, my brain can't seem to form a sentence, it's just a series of disconnected swear words.

I got on the train with my suitcase and was immediately boxed in. No chance of getting out. I sat down on my heel and tried to go to a happy place. A quiet, green meadow with… Toilet bowls hanging like fruit from the trees? After a while, people had found their seats, but the train wasn't moving. I realized I could now walk down the aisle and maybe find a bathroom, although there were none in the car, nor were there any signs. I needed to get my ticket checked anyway, and I couldn't leave my seat until I did. Was I going to lug along my suitcase or was I going to chance getting it stolen? I trust nobody. Not even my bladder right now. It has never failed me yet, but our working relationship is breaking down.

Then I realized something else I'd disregarded in my desperation: although I already had my ticket stamped at the gate, the Romans insist that you get them pre-stamped at machines or booths or whatever at the station. I didn't know what to do about it. I was about to do “it” in my pants, I couldn't be worrying about doing various other “its.” The train got moving, and a conductor appeared. He didn't say anything about the missing stamp on my ticket. On my way back a week later, the conductor would mention it, but I played the clueless tourist card and she let me off with a warning. Rewind to the historical present and I'm looking desperately forwards in the car, then backwards, and there's no restrooms in sight. Just an electronic display in front of me, informing me that it was thirty-five minutes till Termini Station. Where dreams go to die.

I spent the entirety of the train ride humping my heel and trying to hide it. This had the unintentional effect of making me horny. My face was sweaty already, but now my cheeks flushed red. I looked down, realized I'd finished half my bottle of water and cursed myself. One more hump and the urge to pee subsided for a moment. My horniness was inversely proportional to my need to pee. The more I humped, or let my hands linger in my lap and press a little too hard against my crotch, the more temporary relief from the feeling that I was going to pee in my seat, but also that much more pleasurable tingling down below. I couldn't decide if having an orgasm or peeing my pants on the train to Rome was preferable. I'm a loud moaner; I can't help it. I decided that wetting myself was marginally less embarrassing and calmed my humping down. We were slowing down and soon slid into the station. I was out in a flash.

The station was confusing in itself, but once I got into the street the real nightmare began. The hotel's website had some confusing directions, turn down this street, walk three hundred meters down and turn right… I don't know what any of these streets are called! There weren't any signs to help me either. I began walking up and down, past picturesque old Roman houses. Termini Station is smack in the middle of the Old Town. Every other door led in to a café or restaurant, and I made a half-hearted attempt: “Scusi, do you have a restroom I could use?” The old man inside shook his head. “Grazie anyway.” Prick. Carrying my suitcase in the narrow doors and navigating them around the tables inside didn't seem very tempting, and I gave up my attempt. Instead, I focused on locating my hotel. Google Maps must surely be of help. They have GPS in Italy, right? Stupid, of course they do. Satellites, they're everywhere above us.

Well, Google Maps kept leading me in circles, up and down streets that all seemed to lead back to within a stone's throw of the station. My suitcase bumped and shook as I lead it over old bricks, up and down raised sidewalks. I was starting to feel unusually clammy in my shorts, but my shirt was wet with sweat as well. I got so absorbed in my hunt for the hotel, I forgot about my bladder for a little while. It took me over an hour to find the right street. I had walked past it twice and even through it once.

It was now getting to be late in the afternoon. When was the last time I peed? Nine in the morning? My mind ran along a single track, the one hopefully leading to my destination. Once I located the right street, I had to walk up and down it several times with no luck. The only remotely hotel-looking facades had the wrong names. At last, I found a small sign outside the opening into an old courtyard. There were about twenty different names printed beside twenty different buttons connected to an ancient calling system. Half of them were personal names.

“What are you looking for?” A middle-aged Italian said. I told him the name of the B&B I was supposed to be staying at. He pointed to the right button. My urge to pee had now returned with a vengeance, and it took every milligram of my strength not to potty dance in front of the man. I pushed the button. There was a buzzing, then, after twenty seconds and several more frantic button-pushes, an Italian accent. “Uh… Hello? I have a reservation?” I almost forgot my name. The voice on the other end told me to wait and he'd come down to get me. The middle-aged Italian had left, which gave me three minutes of squeezing myself, beyond caring what anyone else might think. Then a handsome young, copper-skinned man appeared. He took me across the courtyard, adorned with palm trees, and into a dim hallway. I realized this was an apartment complex. Laundry hung from balconies above me. This is my hotel?

He took me up the stairs to the reception. The reception was just another anonymous green door, just like all the others. Beside the other doors were personal names. Later that day, I realized this door was locked at all times unless there was someone checking in or out. The telephone number for the “hotel” (now looking less and less like a hotel) led to a phone inside the reception. The only way to find a hotel employee was to roam the whole apartment complex. There was only one man at work at any time, and he could be anywhere. Why didn't I just stay at a hostel? Why must I be cursed with a need for privacy, when this dump is the privacy I get? My shorts felt clammier than ever. I couldn't stand still while the clerk—and every other job title at the hotel while on duty—made a copy of my passport.

“Is anything wrong?” He asked. I shook my head and bit my lip. Everything is wrong. Get this over with. I'd called the day before and told them my plane had been canceled and I had to cancel my first night. We'll sort it out when you arrive, they said. Now I had to argue with him about paying for the night I canceled. “You have to pay for the whole stay, including the first night,” he said. “Is not my fault. It's Booking.com policy, you have to cancel fourteen days in advance.”

How could I have known fourteen days ago that my flight would have a last-minute cancellation? I later found out his line about the website I'd booked my stay through was pure bullshit. I had no time for this, so I paid by credit card and neglected to pay the city tax, fourteen Euros, which for some reason had to be paid in cash I didn't have on hand. “No problem, you can do it later,” he said. I never did. Pee now, said my bladder. Do it! Pee your fucking pants! It's okay! Go potty! My inner dialogue was quickly descending into curses anachronically punctuating childish babble. The air quotes were gone.

My room was on the fifth floor. Five flights of stairs, six including the one I'd already climbed. The hotel clerk insisted we take the elevator. I'm not very claustrophobic, but the rickety old elevator was barely broad enough for my small frame, and looked like it hadn't seen maintenance since the fifties. I wouldn't be surprised if it got stuck on a regular basis. If it did, I'd be screaming for my life while wetting on the young Italian's shoes. No thank you. I was more insistent than him, and we took the stairs.

I continued walking up and down those stairs throughout the entirety of my stay. He offered to carry my suitcase, but I was too stubborn. I regretted it every step of the way. Once we were up, he offered me a keychain with four keys on it. One key for the gate to the courtyard, one key to the elevator I would never use, one key to the door in front of us, and one key to my room. He unlocked the door and led me down the hallway to my room. I was dancing from foot to foot when he wasn't looking.

The room was to a low standard, like everything in this hotel, but it was clean but for the smudgy wallpaper. There was a mini fridge (empty), a double bed, and a door to a small balcony overlooking the courtyard. The bathroom was equally tiny and had no door. It took me two days to realize it did have a sliding door, although it couldn't be locked. Stupid. The man told me not to flush anything that didn't come from my body into the toilet, including toilet paper. That goes in the trash bin. Leave leave leave, I thought, but I maintained my polite demeanor. He asked me if I had any questions, and the only one I had was “are you going to leave or stand there and watch me pee in my shorts?” so I said no and ushered him out the door.

When he was out, I had a moment's peace. Instead of rushing to the toilet, I stepped out of my shoes and sat on the bed. I was suspicious of the dampness of my shorts, and pulled them off. My panties were more than damp. I laid down on my back, which took the pressure off my bladder for a moment. Raised my legs in a “come take me” position, up in the air, and inspected my panties. This was, in retrospect, not the most sensible way to check on them, but I got it in my mind that this was a good vantage point. Past my stomach, and I could raise my butt in the air and look at the bottom. The bathroom mirror was too high up.

There could be no mistake: the half moon on my panties wasn't all sweat. The wet patch extended as far back as I could see. Raising my legs put pressure on my bladder and I strained so hard not to pee I didn't realize my eyes were closed until I opened them. I'd gained a false sense of security being alone so close to a toilet. I stood up and walked one step forward. A one second spurt escaped and shot out, and I could actually see my pee as it hit the floor. A sound escaped me, but it wasn't a cry, it was a moan. At that moment, it became real to me. This was really happening. The speed with which I shuffle-walked with my hands in my crotch must have been a world record. If there is ever a 100 meter full-bladder pee-shuffle in the Olympics I'll smash Usain Bolt. I ripped down my panties and not a moment too soon. Before my butt hit the toilet ring, I was peeing.

As I sat there, I debated whether I should admit to myself that I just had my first accident in twenty years. The ironic quotation marks in my head were long gone. I picked up my panties and inspected them. Touched my own pee, which was all over the front and the seat. Looked over and spotted the light reflecting in the tiny puddle I'd left in front of the bed. That last bit didn't count. It was frivolous, really. Almost intentional (yet clearly not). I could have gone to the toilet two minutes earlier and that wouldn't have happened. I knew this was just my adult mind rationalizing the unthinkable, the way you do.

I traced the wet seat of my panties (black cotton, by the way, making it harder to spot any wetness). Even put my finger up to my nose and smelled. It smelled like pee, and I was a little disgusted with myself for doing the smell check. This wasn't sweat and I knew it. It was undeniable. I'd had an accident. I'd gone potty in my pants. Pee-peeing my panties on the first day of my vacation, could it get better? (It did, not speaking ironically.) But only a little one! Look Ma, I totally made it to the potty, well almost anyway and that little thing wasn't my fault, it just came out!

I reached for the toilet paper, but remembered it wasn't supposed to go in the toilet. I had to change my clothes and shower anyway, so why bother wiping? I pulled up my panties and felt the wetness. Decided to leave them in front of the toilet and walk nude. I picked up my shorts and inspected them. Damp on the inside, but no visible wetness anywhere. I suppose Rome was the perfect place to have an accident if you were going to have one. An enormous city where you'll never see anyone you meet again, and where you can easily become anonymous in a crowd. The humiliation and embarrassment won't be lasting.

I pulled off my socks, shirt and bra and headed for the shower. That pleasant tingling was back in force, and I might have to deal with that little problem first.

*002*2015-09-24 15:00

Here's another mostly true story.

We have this elaborate celebration of high school graduation that inexplicably happens before graduation, right in the exam season. There are lots of rituals and customs, but the relevant part is that it involves a lot of partying and drinking. Oh, and wearing these overalls for seventeen days straight without washing them, a sort of uniform. I wanted so badly to see someone wet them, which would be disastrous, but I never did.

A bunch of us were going to a concert event specifically for high school seniors that was held in a neighboring town. The bus drive was supposed to last around an hour and a half, which didn't bode well for any hopes of bus desperation. We graduate HS at 18-19, so we can legally drink. And oh, how we drankk.

One girl who wasn't supposed to be there had decided to crash the party. Not that any of us complained, but nobody had invited her and she'd have to sneak into the concert. She was seventeen, and kind of a party girl. Teen rebellion, I suppose. She was short, blonde and reasonably pretty, and acted like she was hot shit. Today, she was wearing some top that was too unremarkable for me to remember, but what's etched into my memory (and imagination) is what she wore below the waist: a very short, black pleated skirt, fishnet stockings, and black boots.

As I got on the bus, I contemplated sitting beside a girl I'd been flirting with a bit, but I wasn't that attracted to her and decided against it. Instead, something compelled me to sit further in the back, across the aisle from this girl, let's call her Thea. The journey went along, and I sat staring out the window. Some people had snuck alcohol in water or sports bottles and were drinking on the bus, but I'd decided to go at the last minute and didn't have any alcohol with me. Luckily for me, though, the bus stopped after only twenty-five minutes of driving. I don't know exactly why, but we were told it would be thirty minutes until we got on the road again. Most of us got out to stretch our legs.

It was the kind of place that is an oasis in the middle of the countryside. A little denser with houses than elsewhere, and there was a grocery store with an attached cafeteria. The kind of country store that sells everything from food to carpenting tools. I decided this was a great opportunity to procure some beer, so I strolled over. It was only a five minute walk, if that, but most of us just milled about around the bus. It was a good opportunity to pee if you'd neglected to go before getting on the bus, but I peed right before and didn't need to go. I bought my beer and walked back, and a little while later, we were on the road again.

As before, I sat across the aisle from Thea. Almost as soon as we started, she began complaining that she had to pee. I wonder why she didn't go when she had the opportunity. She was sipping at a bottle with a clear liquid I assume contained something alcoholic. I shrugged and figured she was just one of those girls who exaggerate their urgency. I've heard girls say they were about to pee themselves before, and they were standing still displaying no sign of desperation whatsoever.

Shortly after departing, we got to a notoriously bad stretch of road. I know, I once had a summer job where I walked the entire stretch cutting bushes and vegetation along the auto railing, where the tractors with automatic cutters can't reach. It has since been rendered obsolete by a tunnel that bypasses it. Most of it is a winding road squeezed between sheer rock on one side and a precipitous drop down to the ocean, separating by a small metal railing. Lots of sharp corners, tunnels and bumps, and you better pray you don't meet a car passing in the other direction. Not a very good place to be driving on a full bladder.

Her desperation, although obvious only in her voice, didn't cease. I began to grow excited. Perhaps she really did need to pee badly. I looked over and she sat with stiff legs in front of her, but didn't move. As the trip went on, her cries of "I need to pee" became more frequent. I don't know that they were addressed to anyone in particular. Like I said, she was moderately attractive, nothing that would take my mind off the much prettier girls sitting in the bus. If not for her very hard work to emphasize what attractive features she had, and her need to pee. That last bit gradually made her the sexiest girl alive in my eyes.

As the road began to really wind, a stretch that is tolerable by car, but rather uncomfortable in a bus because it feels like you're one inch clear of the rock wall (and I sat on the side facing it), she began to fidget. Her bottle lay on the seat beside her, and she seemed to be lifting and lowering herself on one of her buttocks and then the other. "God, I need to pee!" she said again. This is one of the places where you physically can't pull over. The door won't clear the sides, so you can't get out. Occasionally, you pass a little pocket made so that one car can pull over while another passes, but there is absolutely no cover, nor any space left when a big bus is occupying it. Now her fidgeting was obvious. Her feet were moving about, and it looked like she had ants down her pants, because she couldn't seem to sit still.

I had to look out the window in order for the blood to flow from my groin back to my brain. There's nothing like a rock wall to take your mind off sex. I had to steal periodic glances at Thea, of course. Her plight was obvious, and she was stuck. Unfortunately for me, the prospects of an accident were rapidly dwindling. We were only thirty minutes from our destination, and had passed the perilous stretch of road and were now on a regular country road. The roads here, for all our oil money, are terrible, but at least this part was wide enough for two cars and only moderately bumpy. Thea whimpered, and I looked over to see her hands pressing down on her skirt. She had crossed her legs, but the ants seemed to have traveled down her stockings, and she would uncross and cross them. "I need to pee!" she said. A few people looked back, but nobody paid it much attention. We were sitting toward the back, and only a couple people were behind us.

Twenty minutes left. Thea was biting her lip while bobbing up and down. There's nothing sexier than a girl biting her lip, assuming she's clothed and not peeing herself. Now she seemed genuinely distressed, as if she didn't think she would make it and was already envisioning the horrible humiliation of peeing her pants on a bus at seventeen. Her hand now wandered toward the waistband of her skirt, but she saw me looking and restrained herself. By this point, I didn't care if I was being obvious. Her predicament was far more embarrassing than my staring. "I need to peeeeee!" It was like the chorus to a song. I've seriously never heard a girl say this so many times, so frequently.

Fifteen minutes. She was gasping and whimpering, but her eyes were still dry.

We were now on the outskirts of town. We were less than ten minutes away from our destination, approaching an intersection. To our right, on her side of the bus was a gas station. Thea stood up. "Stop!" She yelled. "Stop the bus! Please, I need to pee!" I think most bus drivers wouldn't, we were so close and there wasn't anywhere to stop unless you pulled into the station. He did. The doors slid open and she ran off, hurriedly putting her bottle in her purse. The bus pulled away. It would be a very long walk and she had no one to transport her where we were going. Clearly, the need had won out over both decency and logistics.

The bus pulled away. I watched her walk very fast, clutching her black purse. Apparently running was out of the question. We drove off and her black skirt receded into the distance. I moved over to where she had been sitting and put my hand on her seat. There was no visible wetness, but it was very damp. There was no doubt she had leaked. I wanted to write this story from her perspective, so I could imagine what happened at the gas station, whether she made it, but that would deviate too much from the actual events.

Once we were there, we had to wait outside the sports hall where the event was held for hours; we were way too early. Everyone was drinking on a football field, with nowhere to relieve oneself. Another perfect setup for desperation, but I didn't see anything.

Thea reappeared a few hours later. She was still in the same clothes and acted like nothing happened.

*004*2015-10-04 22:12

{{:

Pretty good, I liked it - especially the second story. Not the most outlandish scenario for the first one but well, that's real life for us I guess.*

Either way, it's still pretty exciting. Even if it didn't happen, they could easily be true. As a writer, you can exactly image the scenes, because you were almost there. As a reader, we need to use our imagination...

* I guess if any person could pick their real life experiences, most members here would choose to become a character in your "The Decameron"...

}}

Thank you. Yeah, neither the most outlandish nor, perhaps, the most exciting, but all the more grounded for it.

I'd almost forgotten about The Decameron. That story is so diametrically opposite to the ones in this thread in terms of realism, it's kind of hard for me to keep a straight face writing them. Not to mention the constant feeling that you need to outdo ever more fantastic stories.

Perhaps I should resurrect it the next time I'm in a writing mood, just to max out on the wish fulfillment. Seems it struck a chord.

*005*2015-11-03 03:48

This was a little sighting I had, but it's too minor to post in its own thread in the Wetting Experiences forum. We had a party at my place. It was a bit of a sausage fest. Two girls and like six dudes. Anyway, one of the guys was in the bathroom. One of the girls, a brunette, walked into the bathroom. Our bathroom is kind of weird in that we have the shower and sink in one room, and then there's a separate door inside the bathroom that goes into a little room where there's barely enough space for the toilet. So the door to the bathroom was open, and the brunette walks in. She quickly comes back out. "Oh my god, the door is locked!" She said, which immediately caught my attention. She was doing the most blatant pee dance I've seen in a long time, perhaps ever. Sitting down, bouncing on the seat, slapping her thighs (does that help, girls?), standing up and sitting down. Finally, the dude comes out of the toilet and she goes in.

A couple minutes go by, then she yells for the other girl to come over. "She probably crapped her pants," her boyfriend said, somewhat amused. The girls conferred in the bathroom for a minute, then they both came out. The brunette was wearing black pants, so any minor leakage would've been invisible. I like to think she at least leaked. Otherwise, why call the other girl over for an impromptu chat in the bathroom after that impressive desperation display?

I danced with her later in the night, didn't spot any fishy business, but then again I was drunk. I never dance unless I'm good and hammered. Maybe I just have a dirty mind. But I've been to a lot of parties, and rarely have I seen such a fine desperation dance, despite copious alcohol intake all around. Having relief denied at the last hurdle must've kicked her desperation into high gear.

