Nanako’s hike

Author: NanakoMoriyama

*000*2022-10-16 05:34

This is my first work of fiction here. I hope you enjoy

Nanako Moriyama is a 19 year old girl. She is the youngest of seven children. Hence the name, Nana means “7” and ko means “child”, so she got her name by being the 7th child. 7 is a luck number, and so Nanako never wet herself in her life up until this day. October 15, 2022.

Nanako was a reckless young girl. She loved going on hikes, her longest hike was 15 hours. She did need to pee on that hike, bad. Somehow, she managed to make it to a toilet at the end. It was the best feeling in her life, it felt so good to release all that urine, and she peed for 3 minutes straight

After that hike, she decided to take things a step further, and go on a hike with her six older brothers. She was the only girl in the family, up until her, her family only had boys. The oldest, Kaito, was 30, then her family had triplets, Akira, Asahi, and Aoi, 28, Dai, a 25 year old, and 22 year old twins, Kei and Goro. Normally Nanako likes to hike alone, but she wanted her six brothers to go with her this time, so that she has a logical reason to not just go outside

Bladder: 30%

Nanako had decided not to pee before the hike, the bathrooms in the outhouse at the beginning were too disgusting for her, hopefully the bathrooms at the end, if there are any, are cleaner. Her brothers did not care, they could just step aside and urinate on the side of the trail.

Nanako watched in the first hour as Aoi, who was obsessed with urination, stepped aside for 2 minutes, and came back with a look of relief on his face. This would be hard for Nanako

On top of that, she had to bring a lot of water as this would be an intense hike. She has already drank 600 ml in the first hour

Bladder: 60%

Nanako is feeling the need to pee. By hour 4, all 6 of her older brothers had stepped aside from the trail. She was the only one who would have to hold it in all the way

But she also could not act desperate in front of her brothers, especially not in Japan, where people like seeing others desperate.

Bladder: 70%

Okay, we are at hour 6 now, more of the pee was making its way through Nanako, leaving her more desperate. She was now drinking more water, as she was at the steepest point of the hike, and was drinking more water

Bladder: 80%

Now we are at hour 7 of 20. Things are not looking good for Nanako. She realized that she needed to run ahead of her brothers, she needed to finish this hike as fast as she could. Her brothers wanted to appreciate nature, but it was not the time to care about that.

Nanako was now at the summit of the mountain, and could now go downhill. She ran, as fast as she can

Bladder: 92%

Hour 10. Nanako was fairly ahead of her brothers, but was getting too tired out to run. She spotted a bench, and stayed for about 10 minutes

Bladder: 95%

Nanako was squirming at this point, and she still had about 8 hours left. The hike was supposed to be 20 hours, but with her running, it could maybe be reduced to 18

Bladder: 100%

Hour 11. Nanako’s bladder was at full capacity at this point, and ready to give out.

At this point, her brother Aoi had caught up to her. Just her luck, Aoi was the biggest hentai of the group. He once created a game called Mojique, a game about girls wetting themselves. It took him 5 years to make, and his brothers loved it, because it had a struggle that they knew they would would never face, being desperate to urinate.

Bladder: 110%

Hour 12: This was getting real here. Aoi had been following her this whole time, and now her other brothers had caught up. She knew she was at her limit, and that if she didn’t find a toilet soon, she would be wetting herself. Now granted, she was wearing a black skirt, and most of the pee would just fall to the ground, but her brother would love seeing that.

Bladder: 120%

Nanako was dancing like a four year old child, and could barely move. Aoi had been recording her with his phone, he was going to post the video on omo org.

Nanako had her first spurt now, it was hard for her to stop, but she did. And it was being recorded by Aoi.

Bladder: 105%

Nanako knew she was finished, there was no way she was making it to a toilet.

Just as she was about to completely let it out, she ran into her dad, who saw what was going on.

What the @#$%$”[email protected]

& are you doing? You are in so much trouble, Aoi. And so are you all boys.

I’s taking you all home, please turn back. But first, I need to speak with my daughter.

The boys all ran off, turning back. The dad went up to Nanako?

“How long have you been holding it?” He asked.

“For the past 14 hours” said Nanako. “I am like 15 seconds away from having an accident right here!”

“Oh my!” Her dad said, scared. “Just use that bush over there, I’ll look away”

Normally, she would have refused, but she was so desperate for relief that she started running to the bushes. She felt like she was leaving a yellow trail of liquid along the way.

When she reached the bush, she yanked her pantyhose off in a hurry, and as it was coming off, the floodgates opened. She felt pee coming out like water from a fire hose. As promised, her dad chased her brothers off, and they had to run all the way off.

Meanwhile, Nanako was enjoying her well deserved relief. After one minute, her stream of urine had not slowed down, and a puddle had formed underneath her. After two minutes, it still had not slowed. The bush was very soaked at this point, and even it could not contain all her urine. After 5 minutes, her stream came to an abrupt stop. She felt so relieved, that she ended up falling asleep afterward. She woke up 30 minutes later in her puddle of urine, and then finished off the hike without drinking any water. It was the first time in her life that she peed without a toilet, but not the last

*002*2022-11-08 06:26

Her parents named her to be “seventh child”. I’m not the one who was wrong, it was them

Anyway, here’s part 2. It interconnects with “The girl who pees forever”, “The Girl with the infinite bladder”, and “Pains of a superstar- Sona’s long weekend”

It had been over 3 weeks since Nanako has her hike. She no longer lives with her 6 Hentai brothers. She now lives alone, in a house big by Japan standards, with a backward, that she loves to pee in instead of her toilet. She realized she enjoyed going outside, it made her feel free. As long as her 6 brothers weren’t there

They each represented the 6 colors of the rainbow. Nanako was the 7th color, the girl color, the lucky color. Nanako is an extra color, after the first 6

***Wow, Nanako seems like a beautiful character with her being in my first omo story. My profile is named after her (I am male, even though my “name” on this website seems female). Omorashi is NOT PORN! I know I have said this in another story, but this message needs to be heard. It is where all the porn hub viewers should go to. Omorashi is the healthy alternative to porn as Turkey bacon is the healthy alternative to bacon

Also, there’s a difference between an omo story with sex and a sex story with omo. And in Japan it is not considered porn, but sadly I am American

This story is about Nanako witnessing several omo events, to become part of a special omo crew known as the “Japanese omorashi crew”

It takes place in Japan because I am against porn, and omo isn’t “porn” in Japan

Also, Japan is where these events upholded. It is there where Nanako witnessed Water leaving a trail of urine behind while being chased by Hentai and Scientisits to a beach, and getting reservations by filling a bucket in 9 seconds. It is also where she witnessed Sona, a celebrity, peeing into a sink after holding it in for 35 hours in extreme desperation.

***All fictional omo stories WILL be interconnected in some way, but I will mostly target abandoned ones, to revive and conclude them***

Nanako now has two friends, Water and Sona. Water works 5 days a week at a place that converts urine into water, so she only had weekends available, while Sona feels confident that she can hold it in for long amounts of time after her desperation incident, which was abandoned for three years.

Stay tuned for more stories with all three of these characters

