The real story behind a mom's blog about her son's wet pants

Author: JohnHart987

*000*2014-10-22 04:10

I was looking at some parents blogs about their children wetting

Posted on a blog by his mom about the wet pants accident while horseback riding.

Once, my 14 year old son and I were on a horseback ride at a dude ranch. At one point his horse stopped to take a whiz. Then he asked me, I know what the horses do when they have to pee, but what do the people do? I told him that since we were on an organized trail ride with a group, he would just have to hold it until we got back to the ranch, or if he really needed to go badly he could just pee his pants as we rode. His rather tight Levis jeans probably added to the pressure he was feeling on his bladder. But although he squirmed and fidgeted for much of the rest of the ride, he managed to make it back to the ranch.

He got off from his horse and almost immediately began jumping around and holding his legs together and complaining rather loudly that he was going to have an accident. I told him that it would be OK, and right then he began peeing his jeans profusely, thoroughly wetting himself down both legs to the ground. He felt so embarrassed that I thought he would cry. I told him that there was nothing to be embarrassed about and that he should not feel badly at all. We walked back to our RV campsite where he got changed and he felt much better.

Here’s the boy’s side of the story.

I’ve recently been interested in pants wetting. Many of my wet dreams have me desperate to pee. I’ll be with some friends and needing to pee, I try to hold it and eventually lose control and pee my pants. I wake up as I finish the wet dream in my sleep sweats. Then I realize that I need to pee for real and run to the bathroom, usually just in time. A couple times I squirted a little in my sweats before I made. Once I peed a lot and was wet halfway to my knees. Fortunately I do my own laundry and no one found out. My mom had me start washing my own stuff after the first couple wet dreams I had two years ago. She didn’t say anything, but I realized it was to save me from being embarrassed. Little did she know what else it would hide!

This got me wondering what it would feel like to pee my jeans. I like the feel and look of the new skinny jeans. I have some from last fall that are getting kind of tight. For the last couple months of school a couple times a week I would wear a tight pair and hold my pee all afternoon. Then when I got home I would drink a bunch more liquids and hold it till I wet my pants. I usually had a couple hours alone until my parents got home from work. I loved the feeling as I lost control and the hot pee soaked my crotch and ran down my legs. Twice I miscalculated and had unplanned accidents. Once I squirted a little in my jockeys just before I got off the bus. I ran the two blocks to our house leaking all the way. The other time I was having trouble getting our door open and lost control before I got it open. Fortunately no one saw me in my peed jeans.

Early this summer I started experimenting with peeing my shorts. A couple times I’ve peed my soccer shorts on the way home from practice. I have some old really tight cutoff jeans that I wear when I cut the grass. I don’t start mowing until I really need to pee. When the mower handle touches my fly the vibrations usually make me squirt a little. My cutoffs end up soaked.

So, enough background. On the day I wet my pants horseback riding I was wearing one of my older jeans that were really tight. I had to wear a long t-shirt to hide the bulge in the fly. I hadn’t planned on wetting, but ended up being a little desperate shortly in to the ride. The horse’s motions were making it feel very pleasant. When I asked mom about peeing I was a little concerned, I didn’t want to wet my pants in front of everyone. I thought I could probably hold it.

I sort of ignored my need to pee as I got more turned on and started feeling VERY good! The squirming around my mom talked about was really me just enjoying the sensations. I’m kind of embarrassed that she noticed but glad she didn’t realize what was really happening! Any way, on the way back to the ranch we got to gallop the horses. As we neared the end of the ride the motion made it really hard to hold my pee in.

Then as we reached the corral I felt a squirt of pee come out. I was as desperate to pee as I’d ever been. I knew from my playing around at home that I was about to pee my pants. As I got off the horse I felt another hot spurt of pee come out. Like my mom said above, I started alternately jumping around and squeeze my legs together. I didn’t realize I’d said anything. That part is kind of embarrassing too. Then I just lost it and the warm pee flooded my jeans. I was totally embarrassed and kind of turned on at the same time. I really enjoyed the feeling of the warm wetness as I peed. I was really embarrassed about wetting my pants in front of the rest of the riders.

Fortunately we didn’t meet anyone else on the way back to our RV. We have a shower in the RV so I managed to avoid any other embarrassment. I figured there would be no lasting consequences. Mom seemed OK with it, even a little amused that her fourteen year old son had wet himself. No one else I knew was likely to find out. I found that I was kind of turned on by the whole thing. Mom gave me some quarters and had me take my pissed clothes and some other stuff to the campground laundry. I put on my tight cutoffs and a long t-shirt, grabbed a book and headed up to wash away the shame. Except I wasn’t really ashamed, I enjoyed it and thought maybe I might do something similar again.

