Black Rock Shooter Omorashi

Author: Bokaroido

*000*2012-07-02 18:13

This was something that I wrote a few weeks back, because there is like no BRS omo stuff anywhere.

I have to warn you guys that it is quite sexual aswell.

###

The green eyed girl walked up to Black Rock Shooter, who was suspended from four chains: two that were wrapped around her hands, and two which pulled her feet to the ground.

Her head lay low, and she was making a quiet, moaning noise. Her legs were held very close together, and her face was bright red.

"Hm, you're not suffering enough. Maid Gunner! Pull that lever a little, would you?"

The maid in the corner of the room pulled the lever, and the chains holding Black Rock Shooter got further away from each other by a small amount.

Black Rock Shooter didn't expect this, and looked around panicking as her legs seperated. The green eyed girl looked closely at her body, and poked her lower abdomen.

Black Rock Shooter gasped as a small wet patch formed her short shorts. Her body started to shake, and her face became redder.

"Oh, does somebody need to use the potty?" the green eyed girl asked sarcastically, and Black Rock Shooter nodded in reply.

"Dead Master, do you want me to bring your bottled water now?" Maid Gunner asked.

"Yes, bring multiple bottles please. And the 'tank', I have a good idea and I'm gonna need your help to pull it off."

"Righto!"

Maid Gunner pushed the button on the wall next to her, until Dead Master gave her the signal to stop.

She undid the chains on Black Rock Shooter's legs, and replaced them with another pair of chains which streched from the bottom of the tank. The tank itself hadn't full risen from underneath the checkered floor, and was merely a hole in the ground.

Black Rock Shooter let out a spurt of urine as Dead Master put on one of the chains, and the golden liquid landed on her head. Dead Master stood up, and looked at Black Rock Shooter, whose expression was sheepish.

"Oh so you want to play naughty do you?"

Black Rock Shooter shook her head, and urinated a little more. The liquid landed at the bottom of the tank, and Black Rock Shooter tried to utter some words.

"Go-gomen..." she whispered."Gomen!"

"Bitch!" Dead Master shouted. "You need to wait if you want to urinate!"

Black Rock Shooter tried to pull out of the chains, but this only resulted in urine trickling down her legs.

"Watashi wa oshikko hontōni hisshi yo kudasai!"

“Hmph!” Dead Master turned away from the girl, who had stopped urinating.

“Dead Master! I brought the water! Do you want me to raise the tank a bit more?”

“Oh, yes please!”

Maid Gunner set down the six pack of one litre water bottles, and pressed the button again. The tank became taller, and the chains on Black Rock Shooter’s legs became tighter.

“Don’t worry, Rock-chan. You’ll be able to urinate in a minute…” Dead Master said as she took three bottles of water from the pink-eyed maid.

She sat down in front of the tank, and quickly drunk two bottles of water. Black Rock Shooter watched her perform this task, urine dribbling down her legs.

“Watashi wa ima oshikko o suru hitsuyō ga arimasu!”

Dead Master stood on the edge of the tank, and put the nozzle of the third bottle in Black Rock Shooter’s mouth, who was forced to drink it. Her urine was starting to become a stream, and eventually into a thin waterfall, the golden liquid shooting straight through her shorts. Maid Gunner handed Dead Master two more bottles of water, who waited for the wet girl to stop peeing.

“Geez, no need to cry about it. I’m sure this is a common occurrence for you, Rock-chan.” Dead Master said as she noticed tears falling down Black Rock Shooter’s face. He urinating had subsided, and she was shaking constantly.

“Oh, it’s feeding time.”

Again, Dead Master forced the blue-eyed girl to drink from the two bottles. Maid Gunner made the tank raise a bit more, until the top reached up to Black Rock Shooter’s crotch. The tank was filled up to the top of her ankles with urine.

The last bottle Dead Master held, fiddling with the top of the nozzle.

“And now: the waiting game.” She said in a sinister voice.

About twenty minutes later, Black Rock Shooter let out a familiar groan, which was followed by a short dripping.

“Oh, it looks like you need some assistance.” Dead Master said, sitting on the edge of the tank. She pulled Black Rock Shooter closer to her, her crotch on the wet girl’s abdomen.

She stared to kiss the startled girl, who again, started to urinate. It was very slow this time, coming out in a steady stream, not penetrating her shorts, but making them turn darker. Dead Master started to urinate herself, making sure that her tight leggings would become soaked at a slow pace.

Black Rock Shooter started to urinate harder, the warm liquid running down her legs, making the pool larger. She groaned as the torture got worse. Dead Master urinated harder as well, making a waterfall on the other girl’s abdomen.

“Rock-chan, I know what’ll make this better…” Dead Master soothed as her left hand reached for one of Black Rock Shooter’s large breasts. She squeezed hard, and the blue-eyed girl cried out loudly, her urinating become faster, along with her breathing.

Dead Master started to squeeze both her breasts, and kept on showering her face with kisses.

Black Rock Shooter continued to squeal, she was peeing so hard that it was hitting the glass of the tank. Slowly, this was becoming pleasurable.

“Rock-chan, let me get rid of this coat of yours…” Dead Master breathed as she pulled the long coat off Black Rock Shooter, throwing it to the side. She fiddled with the bow on the back of her bikini top, until it came off, and then proceeded to undo the large buckled white belt which held up her shorts.

The belt fell off, along with her shorts, and Black Rock Shooter was wearing some tight, dark blue panties with a small star on the front. She continued to pee, breath hard and moaning in delight.

“Deddo Masuta! Watashi wa anata o aishite!” she yelled.

“Oh, you’ll love me even more when I give you this…” Dead Master held another bottle of water up to her face. Black Rock Shooter immediately latched on, and sucked the water out.

“Motto. Motto!”

Maid Gunner handed Dead Master more bottles of water, who in turn fed them to Black Rock Shooter. After about six more bottles, there was nothing left for Black Rock Shooter.

“Knock her out.” Dead Master said, handing Maid Gunner her Death Scythe.

With a sharp blow to the head, Black Rock Shooter became unconscious. Her body became limp, and her urinating stopped.

###

...not one of my best stories. Was originally gonna do a 2nd chapter but I didn't feel as if it was worthy enough...

*004*2012-07-03 16:43

{{: 

Ohhh~

As a fan of black rock shooter; this is awesome~! :'D

I totally loved it, you should definately write another chapter!

[and don't ever say your things aren't worthy! :3]

}}

Why thank you very much! I did start the second chapter, but I hated the way it started.

But I didn't expect this to be as popular as it is. Guess I will do chapter 2 asap!

