Emily's naughty day

Author: ShadowPhantom

*000*2017-12-25 05:32

I started this in another one of my posts and since I decided to expand on the story, I made a separate post for this

Emily was 10 years old. She was obviously potty trained, but had an odd interest, or rather, strong desire, to not go to the bathroom. She preferred to sit back and pee her pants wherever she was. She has never done it, but always wanted to, so one day she woke up, and decided to convenience wet from then on whenever she could. She set some rules of course. No wetting in school, even though she'd really love to. No wetting when out in very public places. That's about it. Her mom entered her room in the morning, hearing that she awoke.

"Good morning sweetie", said her mom. Emily slowly began to pee under her blankets while her mom was in her room. The warm wetness soaked her pink pajamas before making a sizable stain on her sheets. "Good morning", Emily replied with a grin. "What would you like for breakfast?", her mom asked. Emily replied with cereal. She loved lucky charms. Her mom walked out of the room and went downstairs to make her some cereal. Emily stood up from bed, moving aside her blankets to reveal a yellow stain. She smiled. Her fun had begun.

Emily pulled down her pajama pants and tossed them onto the bed, and went to grab a clean pair of pants. She put on a new pair and went to the bathroom where she brushed her teeth and washed her face. Soon she was already in the kitchen eating cereal. It was a Sunday. She had to do her homework today. Her mom knew that so she reminded her. "You have to finish your homework today", her mom said. Emily nodded, and smiled. She finished her cereal and then began to think what to do next.

She decided to go watch a movie and then get her homework done. She sat down on the living room couch and turned on a cartoon she loved. Her mom didn't mind. It was the weekend and she knew that Emily had good grades. There was no problem with her enjoying a movie. An hour flew by. Emily was only watching the movie with half attention. She was busy waiting for her bladder to fill up so she can pee again. She already drank 3 cups of water in addition to the milk in her cereal. Her bladder was beginning to fill. Emily felt it. She smiled.

Chapter End here

