Teacher Desperation

Author: soph

*000*2015-10-26 21:25

This is my first story, so any critiques would be appreciated!

Sarah was a teacher at a middle school. She woke up that morning to realize that her alarm didn't go off, so she had to rush out the door without her morning pee. Being a teacher, her only time to use the bathroom was during her lunch break. All morning, Sarah was continuously looking at the clock, counting down the minutes until she could release her golden liquid. Just as the bell rang, she began to rush out of the classroom to the bathroom. Unfortunately, an announcement came on the intercom en route.

"Will all teachers please come down to the office for a mandatory meeting?" Sarah groaned as she trudged to the office. She wasn't sure if she could make it to the end of the day. During the meeting, she was able to have her legs crossed underneath the table, which gave her temporary relief from her aching bladder. Towards the end, one hand slowly went towards her pussy to hold back the flow. The meeting was dismissed just as the bell rang.

"Another 3 hours until I can finally pee..." Sarah thought to herself. She stayed in her seat for the remainder of the day, so she was able to tightly cross her legs under the table. It became hardest for her to hold during her last class. They were talking about the water cycle. It was painful for Sarah to read about "rushing streams" and "dripping rain" out of the textbook. In the last ten minutes, she felt a drop escape into her silk panties. She panicked as her hand went straight to her crotch. Her hand kneading her crotch felt slightly arousing. Finally, the bell rang. She tried to run to the bathroom, but her predicament left her unable to run fast. Her face fell when she realized that the only thing between her and sweet relief was an 'out of order' sign. Her bladder was giving quick signals of urgent relief as she walked to her car. She had to wait even longer until she got home.

The car ride was treacherous. She had one had on the steering wheel and the other firmly jammed in her crotch. Her bladder leaked occasionally on the way home. After the long ride, she arrived back at her home. Jamming the key in the door, she raced straight to the toilet. As soon as she arrived, something stopped her from sitting straight down and releasing her pent up pee. Something inside of her said, "You know this feels good. You can wait longer."

After that, she thought, "I am up for the challenge." Slowly, she lowered her black dress pants, but not her panties. She sat on the toilet with her panties still on, determined not to wet. She writhed in agony and arousal, both hands clamped around her pussy and her legs crossed. For even more of a challenge, she turned on the faucet. Then, she slowly parted her legs. Her bladder begged for release. The combination of the sounds of the faucet, her legs being apart, and sitting on the toilet made her bladder go insane. She started spurting more and more. Sarah took one hand away, then the other.

All she wanted to do was release, but she didn't let herself and she didn't know why. Something just came over her that made her want to keep holding. Instead of peeing, she got up, turned the faucet off, and went to do more activities that would torture her bladder further. She poured herself a large glass of water as she began to wash some dishes. Her legs were double crossed with extreme desperation. She wanted to pee and orgasm so bad, but she did not let herself. She washed all of the dishes, finished her glass of water, and went back to a bathroom. Her bladder let go another long stream. She was able to stop herself before she fully let go.

Sarah brought a small cup into the bathroom and took her underwear off. She decided to pee enough to fill the cup, but no more. She squat over the small cup, but still tried to hold on. Her pussy twitched, threatening to let everything go. Slowly, she began to let go. She filled up enough to fill the cup and cut off. It felt so good, but her bladder still felt more full than it ever did before. She sat back on the toilet and began to massage her clit. It didn't take long for her to orgasm due to the desperation. At her climax, her pee shot out. Her stream lasted strong for minutes before it slowed down. It was the best experience she ever had in her life.

