HoloMess ~A Dead Dream~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2021-12-13 05:04

I finally made a new story! I hope you enjoy the long awaited conclusion for generation 0. Sorry to make you wait for so long. I had been struggling with some personal battles. However, I intend on having more stories out this Winter. Please look forward to it!

“We’re here as you asked, now what do you want from us?!” AZKi shouted with disdain.

Three girls stood close to each other’s sides in a Shinjuku back alley, provoked by an untraceable text message. The intent of the message was clear as day; a series of pictures of their friends in horrifically grotesque situations, a pinpoint on a map. Moreover, the text saying, “Tomorrow, 8 PM. Come alone. Make sure you all have to use the bathroom, in both ways,” left nothing to interpretation.

“Should we have come in our work clothes?” Tokino Sora looked at herself and frowned as she thought about what the perpetrator would make them do, as well as how soiled her garments might get. The reminder to herself made her more self-conscious about the fact that she had been holding it in for a while. Brief glances to her partners confirmed they were in a similar position.

“I imagine he’d be upset if we didn’t,” A-chan sighed before continuing, “and given our current position, that’s probably the last thing we… want...”

The spectacled girl trailed off as she saw someone approach them from the other side of the alley, obscuring his face under his hoodie. The figure stopped just short of the girls before pulling out his phone and tapping on it. Shortly after putting it back in his pocket, Sora’s phone buzzed in her hand. Bringing it to her face, the trio read the message she received.

“Glad you all could make it. Now show me your panties.”

AZKi was fuming with anger, while the other two could only look down with disgusted expressions. Regardless of their frustrations, they knew there was no say in the matter, and began to comply with the man’s instructions. Sora and AZKi slowly rose their skirts as A-chan undid her belt and the buttons on her jeans. Within seconds, the girls had their underwear in full view of the blackmailer. The brown-haired girl, in an attempt to maintain as much of her purity as possible, opted to wear spats, whereas the other two stuck with simple, black panties. Although most of his face was obscured by darkness in the poorly lit alley, it was clear that the girls’ captor had a smile on his face. Pulling his phone back out, he spent a large chunk of time typing before shooting another message at the girls, prompting Sora to check her phone in turn.

“Very good . You’re more obedient that I thought you’d be. Now, let’s not beat around the bush. I asked you to come here needing to use the restroom, both pee and poop. Judging by your constant fidgeting, I’ll assume you held up that end of the bargain. You three know what I want you to do. Turn around. I want to see your backsides as you do it. Lift your skirts up while you do it. Oh and you can keep your pants on for this one A-chan .”

“You’re sick, you know that?!” AZKi lost her temper, verbally lashing out at her aggressor.

“Quiet AZKi,” A-chan urged her friend while redoing her belt. “We’re already going to be humiliated. We don’t need to attract any unwanted attention.”

Sora looked straight at the man, her eyes beginning to grow teary. “B-before we do this, I need your word,” she said shakily. “First, you need to promise that you’ll delete all the photos and leave us alone after this.” A brief calm washed over Sora as the man nodded his head. “Good,” the idol paused before continuing, “and I also want your word that you won’t touch us.” Again, the man nodded. This time Sora nodded back before turning around. “Let’s get this over with,” she beckoned her friends to follow suit. Begrudgingly, the others also faced their rears to the perverted man.

Sora was first to push against her bowels, hoping in part that it would make it easier for A-chan and AZKi to do in turn. In no time at all, a thick yet slimy mush was deposited into her undergarments, where she had realized she made a grave error in choice of underwear. Although her spats tented out at first, they were quick to run out of room, causing the soft feces to spread in all directions, including towards her most sensitive area. Sora tried her best to stay strong amidst the shameful display she was putting on. A-chan couldn’t bear to see her best friend suffer alone, and with newfound resolve became the second of the trio to expel their waste. Grunting softly, her anus moved firm logs into her pants and panties, one after another.

Despite wearing jeans, a bulge grew through the denim material at a rapid pace, and with it the transparency that she was purposefully messing herself. AZKi, seething with hatred, was the most reluctant to do the deed. However, thoughts of the blackmail photos filled her mind, as well as the guilt of her partners having both just emptied themselves. The diva cursed in a low voice, clenching her fists as she pushed as hard as possible to end the deed quickly. A velvety mush, similar to Sora’s, spilled into her black panties all at once. AZKi cringed visibly, praying that nothing would spill out the sides. With all three girls exhausted, the wetting part came naturally, as none of them had the will power to attempt to hold it any more. Puddles formed under everyone’s feet, with A-chan suffering the most damage as her jeans were stained to a much darker shade of blue.

Just like that, within minutes, three fully grown adults completely wet and messed themselves on command. The trio stood perfectly still, holding back their tears as they could feel the heat and weight of the masses which were now nestled in their underwear. Before anyone could say anything, Sora’s phone went off again. They checked the message simultaneously, their eyes growing wide with fear as they read the contents.

“Great job girls. This feels like a dream come true. You all made excellent messes of yourselves (if I had to pick a favorite, it would have to be A-chan). Anyways, I’ve got good news for you! After this next task, you’ll all free to go and pretend none of this ever happened. Now, for my last command as your master, I want all of you to sit down perfectly on your shit, in a triangle, and rub each other’s clits and make out until the three of you cum. Don’t stop for a second, even to look at me, or I won’t hesitate to send out the pictures. Have fun .”

The pervert watched them shake in horror. The sight was working wonders for him in ways he didn’t think possible. He smirked, stifling his laughter as he took more pictures. Of course, he never had any intention of keeping his end of the bargain, and now he had more ammo to put all of Hololive under his control.

A-chan was quick to pull the other girls into a hug, giving a message to them in a whisper. “No matter what happens, we’re all friends. We’re not lovers, and we’re not about to have sex. We’ll get through this and never speak of it again. Okay?” The other two gave a gentle nod in reply. The blue-haired girl sighed, slowly lowering herself, using her friends as a brace. As her ass made contact with the cold and wet concrete, she lost her ability to think of any words.

The only thing she knew was that she probably looked like the most disgusting woman on the planet right now. Sora and AZKi looked on in pity, before looking at each other. Grabbing the other’s shoulders, the pair lowered themselves to the ground together. However, as they got close to contact, AZKi’s left foot slipped in the large puddle the girls had made, and in turn pulled Sora down with her. In a swift motion, both idols fell to the ground with an audible “splat” sound emanating from their butts. Sora could contain her tears no longer, and started to mutely weep.

“Sora…” AZKi was heartbroken through her own discomfort, causing her friend more unnecessary humiliation.

“Let’s just do it,” A-chan said, attempting to push the situation along. “Here, if everyone closes their eyes, it shouldn’t be too bad.” The others did nothing but nod.

The girls got into a comfortable position, or at least as comfortable as they could, and closed their eyes. Each of them felt two different hands enter their underwear, as well as each other’s breath, which was getting closer as their lips met in the center. They had completed a three-way kiss and laid their hands on one another’s vaginas, but they knew this was far from what they were supposed to be doing, and the blackmailer was quick to verbally call them out on it.

“Hey, you know what I said. Get a move o- Ugh!”

The girls hear a loud thud on the ground near them and immediately jumped back in response, their messes shifting around even more against their butts. Upon opening their eyes, they saw the man lying on the ground, out cold, and at his feet stood a police officer with a striking baton.

“Are you girls alright?” The officer was quick to cuff the man, as well as retrieve his phone. Walking up from behind the officer was none other than Suisei, a pained expression on her face as she saw her friends in pitiable positions much like her own. Upon realizing they were safe, the trio couldn’t help but break down and sob like children.

“I’m sorry! This was all my fault!” Suisei got on her hands and knees in apology. The three girls were still in their soiled clothes, but at least now they had towels around them. It didn’t do anything to mask their collective stench, but at the very least it wasn’t visually obvious what had happened.

“So you got blackmailed into setting up Miko, and it spiraled from there,” A-chan summarized as she looked down, unsure of how to properly judge Suisei’s actions.

“Yes… As soon as I could I secretly got in touch with the police, but as you know, it took them a while to track him down,” the remorseful girl kept her head hung in shame. “If I had only thought about it more back then, none of this would have happened. But I was scared. I didn’t know what I could do, and did what I was told just so I could get out of that hell and I-”

“You idiot,” was all AZKi could manage before turning from Suisei and leaving for the ambulance that arrived.

Silence filled the air until Sora finally said her piece. “You acted very rashly, and as a result, a lot of us became victims too. Some of us will likely take a long time to recover, and even then, none of us will forget what’s happened to us,” she began to chastise the girl. Suisei started to visibly sob, her tears hitting the ground in rapid succession. Sora then crouched down to Suisei, much to her displeasure as her lingering mess shifted with her, and continued her statement.

“That being said, I’m glad you decided to atone for your mistakes and took action when you did. If it wasn’t for you, A-chan, AZKi and myself would’ve done things to each other that I don’t think we’d ever recover from. For that, I’m grateful beyond belief.” Suisei looked up to her senior, eyes red and sore from her crying. Sora took her into her arms and comforted her, continuing, “I know you care about us. You put yourself at risk to try to set things right. It’ll take time and effort, but I’m sure everyone will come to forgive you eventually.” Suisei felt a hand touch her shoulder, and traced it back to A-chan grinning lightly at her. In that moment, the junior idol cried harder than she ever had before. That moment of reconciliation lasted but a moment however, as Suisei gasped loudly as she felt her padded underwear grow heavy.

“What’s wrong?” Sora asked with light concern.

“Sorry… I-I had an accident… ever since he left me be, I’ve had a hard time controlling it.”

“I see,” A-chan said somberly. “In that case, it’s probably time for us to head home and clean up. We can talk more later.”

Sora and Suisei nodded in agreement. The three set off at a meagerly pace towards the cops and EMTs, thankful that the nightmare had come to an end.

Four months passed, and things within the group had finally seen some sense of normalcy. Everyone had regained their mental health as a long break, as well as their bladder and bowel control form the most part. The ones who were affected the worst still wore protective underwear just in case, but otherwise, things had come to a close. The suspect was convicted with a cumulative sentence of 60 years in prison, guilty on every count charged against him.

The girls had also received word that the phone had been destroyed after the proceedings and that all photos of them had been purged from the suspect’s personal electronics and online databases. Most of the girls had come to terms with Suisei, with the only exception being AZKi. However, Sora still believes that things will work out with more time. At last, the horror that hovered over Hololive for half a year was no more, and whether they denied or accepted what had happened to them, everyone was able to move forward, and more importantly, strove to never let this happen to anyone ever again.

