Korra and Asami Captured

Author: gonne

*000*2015-03-27 03:04

Spoilers for The Legend of Korra if you haven't watched it through to the end. This takes place in season three in between The Stakeout and Long Live the Queen. I hope the screenshot is allowed. It just seemed relevant.

Korra very much liked the spirit world. She liked the spirits and she liked the scenery. But if there was one thing that bothered her about the place it was the fact that there were no bathrooms.

Mind you, had there been any bathrooms in the spirit world it wouldn't have made a difference. Her body was in the physical world, and it was her body that needed to pee. Waking up from her meditation strapped into a straight jacket certainly wasn't helping matters either.

Damn the Earth Queen and her stupid military forces! It wasn't just that Korra needed to go to the bathroom, but also that she didn't have time to be captured with Zaheer on the loose. Trying to convince her captors that the Earth Queen was actually in trouble wasn't doing her any good either. And Asami was being unusually quiet about the entire thing.

They'd been in their cell for a couple of hours now and it must have been approaching dinner time. Korra's bladder throbbed and she groaned, leaning her head against the back of the cart she was strapped to. She tried to remember the last time she had gone to the bathroom and realised that it had been at some point in the middle of their stakeout.

"Are you okay?" Asami asked from where she was chained to the adjacent wall. It occurred to Korra that Asami was probably in a similar position. It was possible that Asami could have gone to the bathroom while Korra was in the spirit world, but somehow Korra found that unlikely.

There was a sort of toilet hole in the corner of their cell but neither of them was capable of reaching it. Korra longed for it, but having Asami in the room was throwing her off. She found herself desperately not wanting to admit her need in the young entrepreneur's presence.

"I'm fine," Korra finally said, her voice muffled by that stupid mask they'd put on her. "Just restless. I hate not being able to move."

Asami chuckled. "Ya, I can believe that."

There was an awkward silence that followed. Asami stared at the floor while Korra tried to shift her weight a bit but found that the straps tying her down made that mostly impossible. One of the straps that secured the jacket to her was pressing uncomfortably into her abdomen.

"So..." Asami said, glancing sidelong at Korra. She grinned sheepishly. "Do you have to go to the bathroom as badly as I do?"

Korra felt her heart stop briefly, before she realised that it was Asami who brought it up and there really was no reason to feel embarrassed. She felt embarrassed anyway, and laughed nervously. "Ya," she said. "Haven't gone since the motel room."

"Same."

There was another silence that followed in which the two women refused to look at one another.

"Maybe next time a guard comes in we can just ask them..." Korra trailed off.

"Ya. I mean, they have to know we can't hold it forever, right?"

Korra's bladder throbbed in agreement and she saw Asami press her thighs together. Something inside Korra stirred, but she wasn't sure what it was. She found her gaze drifting over to Asami in an attempt to distract herself, but knowing that Asami was in the same position as her wasn't helping any.

About ten minutes later a guard entered their cell. He had a tray of food with him and a tall glass of some kind of slush with a straw in it. Korra had a sneaking suspicion as to which one was meant for her. The man put the tray down in front of Asami who eyed it cautiously.

"Are you going to unchain me so I can eat that?" Asami asked. With her arms chained to the wall above her head, there was no way she was going to be able to manage a pair of chopsticks.

"No," the guard said, as he approached Korra with the glass.

Korra really didn't want to drink anything right now and turned her head away as the man lifted the glass to her mask. "Um, do I get any actual food, or what?"

"Or what," the guard said. "Whatever you eat needs to fit through a straw in your mask, because we're not taking it off." Korra wanted desperately for him to take her mask off, just so that she could breathe fire in his stupid face. She also knew that that was exactly why she had the mask on, so she relented and let him slip the straw through so she could drink the disgusting slush. She was kind of hungry anyway and she had no idea when they would decide to feed her next.

It took her a while to choke down the entire drink. It tasted like they had taken whatever prison food they were giving Asami, added water, and blended it into drink form. It was all Korra could do to make sure she didn't bring it back up once the glass was empty, but she managed. She swore she could feel the liquid making its way towards her bladder already.

The man then made his way over to Asami and the entrepreneur gave him her most heart-melting smile. "Are you sure you can't unchain me?" she asked. "My arms are getting numb and I need to use the bathroom."

The man paused as he was picking up the tray. He glanced at her chains, and then at the toilet hole before picking up the chopsticks to start feeding Asami. "I'll send in a female guard to help you once you're done eating."

"Thank you," Asami said before taking a bite. Korra watched Asami make a valiant attempt not to grimace as the prison food hit her taste buds.

"What about me?" Korra asked.

"Sorry Avatar, those straps aren't coming off until you've been delivered to the Earth Queen."

"You're kidding, right?"

"I'm not kidding. Now quiet down!"

Asami cast Korra a sympathetic look as she chewed a bite of her food. The look was followed by a grimace as she tried to swallow it. When she was done eating the guard gathered up their dishes and left the two women alone in their cell.

"Sorry," Asami said.

Korra growled. "What exactly do they expect me to do? Wet myself?"

Asami shrugged, but Korra noticed she was shifting her weight a lot more now. Knowing she was going to the bathroom soon was probably making things a little more urgent for Asami. Korra's own bladder was pulsing now, definitely not happy with her liquefied dinner.

It wasn't long before the door was opened once again by a female guard who was followed by a man with a set of keys. The man unlocked the chains above Asami's head and left the room. "I don't have any keys on me, so don't bother trying anything," the female guard said. "The other guards are just outside the cell so if you do try anything funny you'll have to answer to the three of us. Now get your business over with so we can chain you back up."

Asami rubbed her wrists as she stepped over to the toilet hole, but she stopped, glancing over at Korra. Korra quickly turned her head and stared at the opposite wall to give her friend some privacy.

"Hurry it up," the guard said.

There was a rustling of fabric, and after a moment a loud hissing noise could be heard. The liquid splashed noisily into the bottom on the hole causing Korra to tense up immediately. She heard Asami sigh in relief as she peed and Korra tried to block it out. Clearly her friend had needed to go bad but the noise was doing terrible things to Korra's own bladder. She pressed her thighs together as tightly as she could manage and clenched as hard as she could to stave off a wave of desperation. The splashing of Asami's urine into the toilet hole was impossible to block out though. Korra just wanted it to be over.

It was a full minute or two before it was over, but Korra found herself incapable of deciphering exactly how long it had been. All she knew was that the hissing of Asami peeing turned to a trickle and eventually stopped. Korra allowed herself to relax a little, but she was still clenching and shifting her weight, waiting for her own bladder to register that the stimulus was gone.

Soon Asami was being chained back up and Korra's bladder was calming down somewhat, but the embarrassed look on Asami's face was too cute for Korra to ignore. After the guards were gone, Korra let herself smile a bit under the mask.

"Better?" she asked.

Asami blushed as she looked up from where she had been staring at the floor. "Ya. How are you holding up?"

Korra shrugged as best as she could with straps holding her arms down. "I'll manage I guess."

Over the next little while Asami did her best to engage Korra in conversation to distract her. They'd called out to the guards a couple times, but it seemed they had no intention of letting Korra out of her binds. Being a waterbender, Korra knew she could hold it for a long time, but as the minutes grew to hours she was desperately noticing that a long time wasn't going to be long enough. So far she was relatively dry, if you ignored the sweat, but she wasn't sure how much longer that would last.

Her bladder was pulsing painfully and constantly now. Korra found herself incapable of keeping still even though the slightest movement caused the jacket straps to push into her bladder and make things worse. She groaned and slammed her head against the metal bar behind her, the pain reminding her that that was a very stupid thing to do. Her bladder spasmed and she rubbed her thighs together to stop it from doing anything unseemly.

"Korra?"

"What," Korra ground out between clenched teeth.

"Are you hanging in there okay?"

Korra cracked open an eye to see a very concerned Asami looking back at her. She felt herself blush, knowing Asami was very aware of her predicament. "I'm managing," she said. "For now. Those stupid guards think I can hold it for eternity. I just want to earthbend a rock into their stupid guard faces!"

There was an amused twinkle in Asami's eye as she smiled warmly and Korra let herself get lost in it momentarily before her bladder brought her crashing back to reality. She slammed her eyes shut again with a groan and struggled valiantly against her restraints. This time, as her bladder spasmed, she felt a small trickle escape into her underwear. She felt the blood drain from her head. She wasn't going to make it!

"Korra." Korra opened her eyes again to see that Asami was still watching her. She was frowning. "You can't hold it forever."

"You think I don't know that?" Korra growled.

"What? No. What I'm saying is..." Asami blushed and looked away. "I think it would be better for you if you just go."

"If I... Asami, did you just tell me to wet myself?"

She watched as Asami's blush grew to an even deeper red. "I know, I know. It's just the guards aren't going to help you, and with how badly you're squirming right now it's going to happen eventually." This time it was Korra's turn to blush. "I just think it would be more... comfortable... for you to just get it over with."

"I'm not going to pee myself."

"Yes you are," Asami said. "It's just a matter of whether you do it now, or later."

All this talk of wetting herself was causing Korra's bladder to make another attempt at release. She clenched tightly and stopped herself as another dribble came out.

"You know I'm right," Asami said.

She was. She really was right. But Korra couldn't imagine peeing herself willingly, let alone doing it in front of Asami.

"Asami, I can't just..."

"Seriously Korra? Don't you dare tell me you're embarrassed to do it because I'm here. I'm the one who suggested it! You don't honestly think I'm going to judge you for it, do you?" And there was that feisty Asami Korra knew all too well. It was very hard to argue with feisty Asami. It was also very hard to argue with her own desperate need to pee.

"Fine, you're right. I'll... try."

There was a silence between them as Korra prepared herself for what she was about to do. She tried to relax, but found herself subconsciously far too tense to do anything.

"Well?"

"I'm working on it!" Korra was blushing furiously now, but she knew she was going to have to get this over with. Asami was right. She was going to wet herself whether she wanted to or not, so she might as well make herself comfortable and do it sooner rather than later. Besides, if she wet herself now maybe the guards would see that they actually needed to do something about it in the future.

Simply relaxing wasn't working, so Korra tried a push. A heavy jet of urine shot out of her and in her shock she felt herself clamp down on it, stopping it before it could show on her pants. It had been audible though, and she saw Asami look at her pointedly. At least Korra had been decent enough to look away when Asami was peeing.

"Korra, just pee already."

"It's not as easy as you would think, okay?" Korra snapped. "I'm not used to doing this standing up... or with my pants on."

"Korra, relax. Think about running water or something."

Korra thought about running water. It was certainly making her more desperate and she found herself inadvertently tapping the heel of her foot. Okay, running water... waterfall, river... toilet. Think about a toilet! You're peeing in a toilet!

Then it clicked. Korra remembered The sound of Asami squatting over the toilet and how hard it had been for her to hold it then. She imagined Asami peeing and tried her best to let the sensation Asami had felt transfer over to her own, very very full bladder. And then she peed.

There was no trickling build-up, just a sudden gushing of liquid into her pants. She let loose hours and hours of pent up urine, feeling it pour down her legs, hearing it splash onto the ground underneath her. She groaned audibly and relaxed against the straps, certain that at this point they were the only thing keeping her upright.

Eventually, as the urine continued to pour out of her, her bladder started to feel a little bit emptier. She had held so much and it was taking a long time for it all to come out. The large puddle forming beneath her had already made it to where Asami was standing, and still Korra was peeing forcefully. At this rate she was going to cover the entire floor and it would start leaking out the door.

It was quite a few minutes before Korra was done. Waterbenders really could hold an impressive amount of urine. The last remnants of her aching bladder made a press from freedom and the sagging avatar let it out willingly. She just felt so relieved.

And even though Asami was standing in a puddle of Korra's urine, she didn't seem ashamed or disgusted. In fact, there was something else in her eyes that Korra couldn't quite identify.

It was then that one of the guards came bursting through the door, seeing the pool of urine and the avatar in her soaked pants.

"Oh, come on!" he said.

Korra just glared, and Asami laughed.

*002*2015-03-29 04:31

Thanks. I'm working on another story featuring these two, which I'll probably post as a response to this one. Hopefully it'll be up soon :)

*004*2015-03-30 04:11

Okay, so here's the second one. It takes place after the end of the series, and fair warning that it's a hell of a lot less subtle. I also wouldn't recommend reading it if you tend to get claustrophobic when reading about confined spaces.

It was impossible to please absolutely everyone, but Korra knew that as the avatar it was her job to at least try. That being said, her decision to keep the spirit portals open hadn't been popular with a large number of people and even though Korra was certain that she had made the right choice, she was still facing a lot of scrutiny.

Having a third portal open up in the centre of Republic City just made things a whole lot worse, and people were starting to band together. Societies were forming based on the opinion that Avatar Korra had made the wrong decision, and the spirits had to go. It was one of these societies that was responsible for the position she and Asami were in now.

They had been blissfully asleep in their bed in Asami's mansion when the room had filled up with some kind of gas. It had initially woken the two of them up, only for them to realise that they were having trouble breathing and could barely move. Korra had spotted two people in masks standing in their room, but with her lungs filling with the noxious gas, she found herself unable to do anything about it. They had a symbol on their shirts, one that Korra recognised as belonging to the anti-spirit society. One of the masked figures was lifting a groaning Asami from the bed and carrying her towards the door. Korra saw the other one approach her, but remembered nothing after that.

The next thing she knew, she was staring groggily into her girlfriend's worried eyes.

"Are you okay?" Asami asked. There was a slight slur to her words, but Korra ignored it. She was having far too much difficulty putting her own thoughts together at the moment.

"I... uh..." She blinked lethargically and let her mind process their surroundings. They were in a metal box, and both of Korra's hands where chained in front of her. She tried breaking the chains with her metalbending, but they didn't budge. Platinum. "I'm... okay. I think." She glanced over Asami, who was very very close to her. The box seemed to be incredibly small and their bodies were pressed together. "How are you?"

"Fine. They didn't hurt me."

Korra's brain was starting to de-fog. She was surrounded by metal, and assuming it wasn't platinum, she should be able to bend them out. She made to kick at one of the walls, only to discover that there wasn't enough room for her to get any momentum.

Great.

The walls were pressed against her shoulders and back, while Asami was pressed against her front. She found herself in a position where she really couldn't move well enough to even try to bend the box they had been trapped in. She tried pushing against the wall behind her, but was stopped when Asami cried out.

"What? What's wrong? You said they didn't hurt you!"

Asami groaned. "They didn't. But you're pushing up against me and it's really tight in here!"

"Right, sorry." Korra turned her head and tried to get a better look at the box. She couldn't get her hands up against the wall to feel it properly because she couldn't move them well enough. Her hands where stuck tightly between her own thighs and Asami's, and while she didn't mind having her hands between Asami's thighs, it was very uncomfortable being unable to move them.

"Can you bend us out?" Asami asked. "The box isn't platinum, is it?"

"I don't know," Korra said. "I can't get my hands anywhere to feel it."

"Can't you feel it with something else? You're arms are bare, aren't they?"

Asami was right, but Korra wasn't as great of a metal bender as she was willing to admit. Those years she'd spent recovering from her disability had certainly not been spent honing her metalbending skills. She tried focussing on her arms to get the best grasp of what they were trapped in, but no matter how hard she tried, she felt nothing. She felt heat rush to her face. "I... still don't know. Sorry." She didn't like admitting her shortcomings to Asami, no matter how supportive she was.

"Oh..."

Korra tried leaning sideways to push against the wall, but even that caused her to press uncomfortably against Asami, who groaned this time.

"Do you mind staying still?" Asami asked.

"Why?" Asami wasn't usually this demanding. Usually she liked physical contact with Korra.

Asami was quiet for a moment and avoided looking at her girlfriend. "I just..." She trailed off.

"Asami, what's wrong?" Korra was getting worried. Asami had said she was okay, but what if that wasn't the case? What if their captors had hurt her and Asami didn't want Korra to know?

"I... have to go to the bathroom, and you're pushing against my bladder."

Oh...

Korra was quiet as she processed this information. Asami needed to pee, and having been woken up in the middle of the night she hadn't had the opportunity to do so. Now they were trapped in a box together, and Korra had seen neither heads nor tails of the people who had trapped them there. For all she knew they weren't going to check up on them until the morning. Then again, Asami had been awake before Korra. Maybe she knew more.

"Nobody's come to check on us since you woke up, have they?"

"No."

"I see." She could feel Asami's hands pressed against her hips. At least her hands hadn't been chained up. Clearly their captors were afraid of bending, though with the avatar as one of their captives, that was understandable. Asami shifted slightly, and Korra felt her hands tense up. "Um... how bad do you have to go?" she asked.

"Bad."

Asami was doing her best not to look at Korra, which was impressive given how close their faces were. Korra didn't look away though. Instead, she observed the tense stature of her girlfriend, the way Asami's legs shifted, rubbing Korra's hands between them, and the distinct blush that crept up her neck as her predicament became more obvious. "Hang in there, okay? I'm sure someone will come by to check on us."

"Ya, let's hope."

But no matter how much the two of them wished for it, nobody was coming. For all Korra knew, their captors weren't even aware the two of them had woken up yet. Asami was getting fidgety, which was causing Korra's hands to rub into interesting places on the both of them. Korra didn't mind, but she wondered what exactly it was doing to Asami, who eventually let her head fall onto Korra's shoulder with a groan. Korra could feel some dampness between her girlfriend's thighs and she wasn't sure if that meant Asami was aroused, or leaking.

"It must suck getting pulling into avatar politics all the time, huh?" Korra said, her voice muffled by Asami's long hair.

Asami snorted and shifted a little bit, her hands making their way slightly behind Korra's legs. She felt Asami grip the back of her pyjama pants. "You would know," she said. "You're the avatar."

"I don't have a choice," Korra retorted. "I'm the avatar. You, on the other hand, choose to spend your time with me. Maybe you wouldn't have to go through stuff like this-"

"I have to pee, Korra. I'm not dying."

"Okay, okay." Korra was about to say something else, but before the thought had completely formed, she felt Asami tense immensely. Something wet Korra's hands slightly, and she was pretty sure she knew what it was. "Easy," Korra said. "You're okay."

The dampness didn't spread anymore, and Asami seemed to relax a little. "This is so embarrassing. Your hands are right there."

"Hey. What's a little bodily fluid between girlfriends, right?"

Asami chuckled and Korra wanted nothing more than to give her a massive hug, but her arms were in no position to do so. Instead she settled for resting her cheek against Asami's soft hair.

"I really don't know how much longer I can hold it," Asami admitted.

Korra was reminded of another incident that had happened a few years ago involving an earth kingdom prison cell and a very full bladder on Korra's part. Asami had been there to witness the entire thing, and had even encouraged it. Now, with their positions reversed, Korra found herself worrying about the young woman pressed against her. They needed to do something about this. "So don't," Korra said. "You told me to let it go back in that earth kingdom cell. Maybe now it's your turn."

Asami shifted again. "This is different."

"How?"

"Back then we knew they weren't going to let you go. Now... they could show up at any minute. If I hold it just a bit longer..."

"If you hold it just a bit longer you could make yourself needlessly uncomfortable, just so you end up peeing yourself anyway." Hearing the word "peeing", Asami groaned and pressed her face into Korra's shoulder. Korra felt a little more liquid wet her fingers and didn't think. She rubbed her fingers in between Asami's legs, pressing her knuckle up and causing her girlfriend to moan.

"Korra..."

"You're doing this to yourself, you know. You could just pee now and get it over with."

Asami growled. "You're being really unfair right now, you know?" she said.

Korra responded by rubbing her knuckles even deeper into the wetness between Asami's thighs. Asami gasped as Korra nuzzled her cheek, urging the other woman's face upwards. "You have to go, Asami. Just relax."

But Asami continued to fight it. She let Korra nuzzle her head upwards and then let it fall back against the wall behind her. Her eyes were shut tight and her thighs were squeezing Korra's fingers desperately. Korra continued to press upwards as her girlfriend moaned, another spurt of urine dampening her pyjamas, this time running down the back of Korra's hand as well.

"Korra, please..."

But the sight of Asami, as it was, was too much for the avatar. She leaned her head forwards and trapped Asami's lips in her own, pressing them together with an urgency she was sure Asami was feeling as well, albeit for different reasons. Korra's knee crept forwards, pushing between a shocked Asami's legs. Asami responded by trying the close her legs around Korra's but the avatar was already pushing upwards, her leg pressing her hands even deeper into Asami's groin. She leaned further forward, feeling Asami begin to give in to the kiss.

And as Asami's kiss became more passionate, the rest of her body began to relax. Korra felt it at first as a gentle, increasing dampness against her hands, but soon she could feel something trickling against her knuckles. Asami groaned and tried to turn her head away, but Korra fervently kept their lips locked together, deepening the kiss and causing her girlfriend to inhale sharply.

The trickling became steadier and soon began pouring and pooling into Korra's hands. The wetness was running down Asami's legs and spreading across the leg Korra had pressed in between them. Asami moaned into Korra's lips as the avatar pressed her even more firmly against the wall of their box. She felt the pressure cause an increase in Asami's stream and knew that at this point, Asami wouldn't be able to stop if she tried. She broke apart from the kiss and watched the relaxed look of pure bliss make its way across her girlfriend's features.

Asami was still peeing into Korra's hands, which Korra couldn't move even if she wanted to. Her urine hissed loudly as it pooled in the avatar's hands before pouring out of her knuckles and splashing its way down both of their legs. She'd clearly given up trying to hold it and was peeing forcefully now. Korra leaned her head back against the wall behind her, but she didn't drop her leg away, leaving it pressed inside the torrent of urine pouring between Asami's thighs.

By the time Asami was done, both of their pants were completely soaked and they were standing in a nicely sized pool of urine. The last of Asami's stream trickled against Korra's fingers and the Avatar responded by rubbing her firmly. Asami groaned.

"You're evil," she said.

"No, Asami. I'm the avatar."

Later, when one of the anti-spiriters opened the door to their box, she was shocked to find the avatar and her girlfriend standing in a pool of urine. Korra quickly took advantage of their captor's shock, and kicked out at her, fire jetting from her foot and causing the woman to stumble backwards. It wasn't long before Asami had her hands on the keys to Korra's chains and the two of them were bolting for the door.

They were still soaked from the waist down, but at least they were free.

