Tyler's Bad Day

Author: foodfoodfoodlol

*000*2012-12-16 14:12

{hello everyone! i'm new here, and this is my very first fiction i'll be posting. constructive criticism is very much appreciated, but please go easy on me - I just started :D}

Tyler Maxwell didn't exactly have the strongest bladder - or the strongest confidence either. He was a shy boy of 16, smart, and he could sing very well. His girlfriend, Mara, was the complete opposite. Loud and proud, not exactly the smartest girl, but she was extremely sporty. Today, she had a football game at 6 in the morning, and Tyler was asked to go there and take a video.

Unfortunately, he forgot to set his alarm the night before. A few hours later, he groaned and opened his eyes, checked the time, and cursed loudly. 5:45.

While he was brushing his teeth and slipping on clothes, he texted Mara, "Overslept!!! I might be a little late, I'm so sorry babe ):" He rushed out, completely forgetting to use the toilet. Bad idea.

Luckily, Tyler made it to the game 2 minutes before it started. He set up his camera and wiped his sweat before realizing his need for the toilet. "Shit." He mumbled to himself, fidgeting a little. He was never good at holding it. He shrugged it off and concentrated on the game.

Not even an hour later, Tyler knew he was in trouble. His tummy stuck out somewhat, and his legs were tightly clenched together. He squirmed in place, wanting to look for a bathroom, but stopped because he knew it would be embarrassing to leave the game for such a little need. He let out a strained breath, lifted his shorts, and stayed. He was beginning to get desperate.

A few hours later, the game ended - and Tyler was mercilessly hanging on. He couldn't move from his spot, and his breaths came out uneven & shallow.

"Ty!!!" Mara squealed, tackling her boyfriend in a bone-crushing hug. "I'm so glad you made it!"

Tyler whimpered, causing his bladder to let go of a few drops. "Wouldn't miss it for the world." He mumbled weakly. "C-can we go now?" He asked timidly.

"Sure thing babe. What's wrong?" Mara asked, rubbing his back.

"I'm just really tired. I-I don't feel good." He whimpered.

"Alright, we're leaving right now. I'll drive."

They got into the car (with much difficultly, in Tyler's opinion) and started to drive away. Just a few minutes after they left, they were stuck I'm bumper-to-bumper traffic. "Aw, shit." Mara mumbled, flipping on the radio.

"Wh-why did we stop?" Tyler asked nervously, his legs trembling.

"Accident on the street beside the highway." She answered while listening to the radio.

"What?" Tyler gasped, squirming around. "Oh no no no no..."

"What's wrong, Ty?" Mara asked, concern filling her voice. Tyler didn't answer her. "I won't be able to help you if you don't tell me." She mused.

"Ihavetopeereallybad." He mumbled, tears stinging his bright green eyes.

"Oh...well, fuck." Mara mumbled, looking out. From the looks of it, it seemed like the traffic wasn't gonna clear anytime soon. "Can you hold it?"

"I don't think so." Tyler answered thickly. "I have to go really really bad."

Mara rubbed his back. "Don't worry love, just hold on."

Luckily, traffic cleared up pretty quickly, but Tyler was in bad shape. She stopped at her house as soon as possible and said, "We're here. You can make it."

Tyler nodded timidly, blinking away some tears that dripped off his nose. His hands were in between his pants, and he desperately tried to stop leaking, but to no avail.

Mara and Tyler walked as quickly as they could to the front door...which was locked.

"Open the door please." Tyler pleaded, hopping from foot to foot.

"It's locked..." Mara said sympathetically. "I'll look for my keys."

Tyler froze as more tears dripped out of his eyes. "I'm gonna have an accident!" He exclaimed, twisting his legs in a way that looked painful. "Oh my god oh my god oh my god!"

"Hold on, I'm looking for them!" Mara mumbled, equally as stressed.

Unfortunately, Tyler's poor bladder couldn't hold anything anymore. 45 seconds after that, his jeans immediately got soaked from his own urine. He slumped in defeat, biting his inner cheek, and looked down.

Around 2 minutes later, he finished. He looked up at Mara, who was just staring at him holding the keys before bursting into tears. "I-I'm so sorry!! I couldn't h-hold i-it!"

Mara immediately gave him a hug, wet clothes and all. "Shhh," she whispered. "It's alright, don't worry. Lets get inside and clean you up, alright? Accidents happen."

Tyler just nodded, his breath hitching. She took him inside to clean up.

###

A few minutes later, Mara was holding Tyler in her arms again, with no shame at all. She whispered comforting words before he fell asleep, glad that he wasn't too pissed off about it. "I love you." She murmured, before drifting off to sleep as well.

{so, what did you think? hehe}

