Did I really do that?

Author: Keanu

*000*2015-03-15 04:48

Hey guys, just finished up part one to a story I thought of, still new to writing as a whole, and new being part of online communities and general. Let me know what you think, I strive off feedback and want to create the best I can offer, rip me a new ass hole if you must, I can take it.

And with that being said, here is part one of my story

"God damn it." Kate sat in her desk as her admirable Mr. Salve graded eloquently pieced together essays over the enticing tale of Moby Dick. "God damn it." Kate loved her Literature class, it's so cliche, the smell of coffee, the jazzy soul patches, the girls who tried to hard to seem liberal. Literature class. "God damn it." Kate adored her class, the information and material was a breeze, she loved reading, she could be engrossed in far away lands, and intense crime scenes all day every day if it was acceptable.

She was out of place though, she was cute, she had charm, except she lacked the passion the others had, so soulful when they discuss the true meaning of Seamus Heany's sheet folding, in his beautiful sonnet that Kate, a real poet (A diary counts right) can't understand. It drives her crazy, it's the only group of words she couldn't figure every intricate detail out in. "God damn it." she scatter brained, her need to pee was getting bad. First she got lost in her third reading of Catcher in the Rye, first time for an actual class. And now she remained distracted by a mind that can never rest. When she snapped to all she could think was "God damn it"

She's never felt such an awful feeling, her bladder was even bulging over the front of her skirt, her blue panties were concealed well. She was modest, quiet, and a listener. Any man would dream of someone so mild that they can prance around, her one and only thought that she was sure of. Right now she was unsure of her control, she thought she felt her panties dampen a little, sweat maybe? Surely she wasn't excited? "Fuck" She whispered to herself. She was in the middle of a class room with people who barely know her name, turned on maybe, and on the verge of wetting herself. She remember the other day she had saw a toddler in the store, he had wet himself, everyone pitied the boy. Maybe, just maybe they'll pity her, not ridicule. But more than likely they’ll laugh at her, her rare important even less valuable, who cares what a baby has to say.

“Kate” Mr Salve was beckoning for her attention, he knew something was wrong, she always had her nose in a book, when she didn’t, she examined closely with both her ears, and eyes. Mr. Salve noticed the lack of either going on with Kate. “Is everything okay?”

“Y-yes, I uh, I was just contemplating,” Kate stammered through, she was intimidated by just how much her professor knew about books. “Salinger’s use of uh, um,”

“Kate would you mind seeing me in the hall” Mr. Salve interjected, he felt sorry for her, so bright and yet so timid.

Kate begin to stand, the pressure was starting to get too much, her face was flushed from Mr. Salve’s calling out on her racing mind, all she could think about was how much she had to pee, and how awful sitting in a pool of her own urine, as it slowly grew and grew, and rose up her nice supple ass, and how much she would be grossed out by this. At least, that’s what she figured, but she was starting to second guess herself, maybe it’d be kind of hot. Sure they’d laugh, and she’d look like a toddler, hell, someone might even take a picture, but Kate felt in her gut, that she could brave that if this meant having a week’s worth of fun. She was disgusted with herself.

The pain grew as she stood, she whimpered a little, which caught the attention of the rest of the room, she decided right then and there, she was going to piss herself, in front of everyone. The timid girl, the one so shy, she had found the one thing she started feeling sure of, and she owned it. Her blue panties were already stained with her own self, she let her bladder relax, a few yellow droplets formed on the outside of her panties, she pushed her hands in her crotch. Now everyone was interested, they all watched Kate, anticipating what was about to happen.

For Kate, her brain was going in so many directions, she realized what she was doing, she was both terrified and horribly turned on. It was too much, as tears started streaming down her face, a stream of urine pushed its way through the threading of her underwear, her had jammed her crotch forced the denim skirt to soak up some of it. One spurt of pee, multiple tears, the worst came when “Holy shit” was whispered, and “Why didn’t she go sooner” the tears became so much more intense, she fell backwards in sobs on the floor, the earlier jet was now like a constant trickle, and soon a fully river of release. Her butt was now in the middle of a puddle, she sat as it grew in size. Kate cried and cried, she just pissed herself. Why? Because she was horny and found something new. Everyone fixed stare was focused, right in the middle of the room.

Kate, still peeing, and still crying grabbed the table top of her desk and pulled herself up, where she walked slowly to the doorway, her skirt soaked, her panties ruined, she slowly turned the handle to the door, and left the room, she didn’t know where to go, her stream was slowly dying down, and she had no clothes anywhere, she could only go to the nurse's office. And that’s where her pissy self went, straight down the “Goddamn hall” to the “Goddamn” nurse’s.

*003*2015-03-24 03:10

I appreciate the feedback, looking back I could see how I the content is weaker because of my language, with that being said, I present to you, Chapter 2.

Kate began her walk of shame to the nurses office, her panties hugged the lower rounding of her butt tightly. The wetness was starting to grow cold, much like her face was from the drying tears, the redness of her cheeks were still evident, even more prominent than they were, considering that she was still rather turned on. She still didn't understand, what

*006*2015-03-29 23:42

Haha yeah, I screwed up the posting, still kind of figuring everything out, I'm out of town now, but I'll be able to put it the entirety of chapter two when I get home tomorrow

