Hogwarts Desperation

Author: dolodi

*000*2012-11-13 02:50

I saw alot of Harry Potter fanfictions lately, and thought 'What the hell, why not make my own'. Hope you like it:

Chapter 1

Ginny's bladder was distended. It ached with every step she took, she longed to release all that urine; but despite her thoughts, she deliberately walked past the girls bathroom and to the seventh floor. To The Room of Requirement.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A few weeks ago, Ginny had found out one of Harry's best kept secrets. Not even Ron or Hermione knew, and that was saying something. She found out one of his fetishes one day when she was running late for a date of sorts. The Trio and Ginny got together and decided to have a quidditch match. It was a crisp Saturday morning when Ginny awoke, and looked at her watch. She realized she was late, and threw on some clothes, and ran through the castle and outside with broom in hand. The Trio were already there. Since, Harry and Ginny were the better of the four players, they would be on seperate teams, the problem was Ron was pretty good too. To make it a somewhat even match, it would be Harry aand Hermione, against Ron and Ginny.

As Ginny soared throught the air, she became painfully aware of her bladder. It was a constant nuisance at the back of her mind, and ended up being the reason the her team lost. Harry would never let her live this one down, she though to herself. They dismounted, and after some gloating, the couples went their seperate ways. Harry went into the locker room to store his broom, Ginny usually kept hers with her, but decided she might as well leave it here as well. As Ginny was fiddling with her lock, she had to squeeze her legs together to keep from wetting herself. Suddenly there were arms around her waist, and on her bladder.

"What happened out there Gin? You usually fly with ease, is there something wrong?" Harry asked.

"Oh no, I just really need to pee is all." Ginny replied.

Harry's body was pressed against hers, so she could feel his dick harden at her comment. She was curious as to why that had aroused him.

"If you'll excuse me, I need to get to the loo." Ginny quickly went across the room, and to the bathroom door. She jiggled the handle. It was locked. She could of course open it with magic, but in her rush to make it on time, she forgot her wand on her bedside table. Suddenly, an spasm hit her, and she had to clasp her crotch with one hand.

"Harry, do you happen to have your wand?" She asked.

Harry, however, was in a daze. He was watching her squirm, with desire in his eyes. He suddenly snapped out of his stupor.

"Oh yea, sure." Harry tapped the door "Alohomora". (Sorry if the spell is spelt wrong).

Ginny quickly rushed in, and reached for her zipper, but she could not get it undone, "Harry? Harry! Please help me, I am bursting for the loo!" The fact that she was squirming right in front of the toilet did not help her predicament in the least.

Harry, once again snapped out of his stupor, and managed to get her zipper down, with only minimal leakage on her part. She ripped down her pants and panties, and peed full force in the toilet. She noticed a noticable bulge in Harry's trousers, but decided not to comment on it. Ginny was okay with Harry's presence as she peed, because thay had seen eachother naked before, they just refrained from having sex. They were hoping to save it for when they got married. Hoping.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

That was a few weeks ago, now she was about to pee herself as she walked up to the doors.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Earlier that day, Harry told her to meet him in the Room of Requirement at 11 for a little rendezvous. Ginny decided it was time to exploit his little fetish. She had deliberately put off the restroom since lunch, and waited impatiently for 11pm to approach after classes got out.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

She now thought she might have overdone it. What good will it do if she wet herself before she got to tease Haarry with her desperation? Too late now, she opened the doors and walked in...

I think I'll add more later, comment, praise, critisize, etc... (also, it's tagged submissive for later chapters).

*004*2013-04-12 01:49

Hmm, I was thinking of adding more to this story. Its been awhile, and I'm open for suggestions as I write the next installment!

*006*2013-04-21 16:56

She opened the doors and walked in... to find it empty! Where on Earth is he! With being the only person in the Room of Requirement, the room adjusted to what what she needed the room to be, so all around her she saw shiny white porcelain toilets. Ginny doubled over, and moaned. Goddammit Harry! I'm not gonna make it...maybe I can get a little presssure off? Ginny quickly undid her pants, and hurried over to the nearest toilet.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shit. Harry cursed to himself. Ron must have taken it. Harry was searching his trunk for his Invisibility cloak, but couldn't find it anywhere, and the map was gone too. Either Ron caught on to Harry's rendezvous with Ginny, or Ron and Hermione were out doing God knows what somewhere in the castle. Harry figured it was the latter, seeing as he couldn't find either of them after dinner. Harry glanced at his watch, 11:02!!!!!!!!!!! Shit! Harry quickly sprinted down stairs, past the his fellow Gryffindors as they enjoyed their Friday night, and out into the hall the Portrait of the Fat Lady scolding him as she nearly avoided being run into.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

With the edge gone, Ginny had a hard time stopping. When she finally did, she felt terrible. Why should I bother to make his night enjoyable if he's late? With that thought in mind, she finished the job and released the rest of her fluids into the porcelain bowl. She wiped, flushed, and redid her pants, and walked out of the room. She was in a bad mood now that she suffered the day, and Harry ruined his surprise by being late to his own Rendezvous. She sat down against the opposite wall, crossed her arms and commenced waiting for him.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sprinting down the hall was a bad idea. His heavy footfalls were echoing through the halls. He slid to a stop, and listened intently. Nothing. He continued at a slower, quieter pace, and made it all the way to the seventh floor without trouble. With one more corner to go, he let go of all caution and didn't bother to look, and ran right into Filch. Shit.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ginny had heard footsteps coming and was ready to yell at Harry, when she spotted Mrs Norris. She quickly sprinted in the other direction...

(Im sorry its not much, and the story took a weird turn, but I assure it does get better).

*013*2013-06-12 00:01

No problem ashishgamer, I've staryed from my original story path, so why not go further? I still don't know where I'm going with this, but I'll figure it out.

*015*2013-06-24 05:10

"Ron!" Hermione laughed at Ron's antics. "Ronald, stop it!" They were sitting at the top of the astronomy tower, having snuck up there with Harry's cloak and map. They had been having a heavy make out session, enjoying each others presence and the beautious view the tower had to offer. The combination provided a perfect pretense for more... illicit activities to commence. Something Ron was keenly aware of, provoking Hermione's giggling and scolding. Truth be told, Hermione was nervous. Not of the sexual acts bound to happen, but of the more frequent, natural bodily needs. She needed to pee, bad enough to keep her from her other desires, but not so bad that they would have to leave the tower yet. "Not tonight. Next time." She looks at Ron, with a smoldering puppy dog face. "I promise."

~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Looky what we have here, Mrs. Norris." Filch grabs hold of Harry's arm, and turns around to where he presumed his cat to be. His face lights up, seeing Mrs. Norris was indeed not there. "Mrs. Norris has found another rule breaker." Filch proceeds to drag Harry down the hall behind him. Harry can hopelessly follow, deeming it too late to escape without consequence.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ginny sprinted down the hall, feeling Mrs. Norris' eyes boring into the back of her skull as she retreated. She decided her safest bet was to get out of the stretch of hall, and into the nearest room. She recognized the hallway, and saw the entrance to the Astronomy tower up ahead. She rushed in and slammed the door shut. She raced up many levels of stairs, but rather than go all the way up, she stopped at a platform below the highest point. First because Filch wouldn't bother to look on every level and the top would be the obvious place to look, and second, because she heard voices on the top level. With a start, she recognized the voices. She wanted to vomit. She did not want to be here, not when they could be getting hot and heavy at this very moment... She decided she would leave before it was too late. Problem is, it was too late. The door opened once more...

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Harry heard a door slam shut. He was dragged down the hall by Filch, who was following the sound. They soon entered the Astronomy hallway. Harry jumped when Filch shouted, "Aha! Students think they can hide from me. Bah! Last time I passed, the Astronomy door was open! Keen memory, yes!" With that Filch breaks into a giddy run towards the door, leaving Harry no choice but to follow. Filch opens the door to the Astronomy tower, and peers up the stairs....

Hoped you liked that next installment. Will post again soon! Appreciate both positive and negative commentary!

*016*2013-06-27 15:19

"Why is it always you three!" McGonagall scolds in a tired voice. Despite the late hour, her bun was immaculate. "What's the story this time?" Hmm?" She proceeds to glare at Hermione, who usually spews the truth.

Hermione shifted uncomfortably under McGonagall's glare, but didn't answer. Instead Filch intervened, "I caught Potter sprinting down the halls, presumably towards the Astronomy Tower, ma'am. And I found these two," He jabs his fingers at Ron and Hermione, "About to go down on each other on the top of the Atronomy Tower."

Ron interjected, "That's not true!"

McGonagall cut him off, "True or not, three of MY students were caught out of bed, and not even heading for their dormitory at this hour!" It was now just past midnight. "30 points from Gryffindor, and detention for the next three Friday nights. Now go straight back to your dormitory." With that she dismissed them.

Right after they left McGonagall's office, Hermione was in tears and shaking. Ron immediately went to her aid, "Aw, it's not that bad 'Mione, it definately could have been worse." Harry added, "Yea, loads worse. Hey, I'm gonna go grab the cloak and the map you guys left in the Astronomy Tower." With that he sprinted off.

Hermione shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot, thighs squeezing together. "I-It's n-n-not th-that, Ronald. I-I" Hermione's cheeks flushed, "r-real-ly n-n-need the l-loo."

Ron was suddenly uncomfortable. He didn't know how to handle this! "U-um," His cheeks flushed too. "L-let's get you to the nearest loo."

~~~~~~

Ginny held her breath as Filch left the tower with the Golden Trio. She let it out, and waited and waited, until she deemed it safe to snoop around. She went to the top of the Tower, and found both the map and the cloak. Harry will be pleased that I found them. Sje threw the cloak over herself, and made her way back to the dormitory, only taking it off, when she was safely in Harry's and Ron's dorm. The other boys were still downstairs or sleeping, so she quickly folded the cloak and the map, and laid them on Harry's bed, before snooping downstairs.

~~~~~~

With Hermione's mincing steps it was slow going. But eventually they made it to the nearest Girl's Loo. By the time Hermione was in sight of a toilet, her hands were in her crotch, and her ass was bouncing up and down, knees bent. She really needed to piss.

She locked the nearest stall behind her, and tried to undo her skirt, keenly aware of the rivulets dribbling down her tights. She moaned in frustration. "Ron! Ron! Help me!" She unlocked the door to allow Ron to enter the stall with her.

Seeing her distress, he attacked the skirt and watched as it and her tights and panties were thrown to the floor and her euphoric relief was shown on her face, as she pissed...

*019*2013-07-03 04:49

{{: 

Awwww... can you please make someone wet themselves?

}}

Hmm, yes. I believe that should happen too. Maybe when.... Hmmm, we will see.

*020*2014-03-30 18:28

I am really bad at updating, something my fellow RPers can attest to.

Shit, shit, shit. Where's the map! And the cloak! Harry groaned to himself in frustration. His night was completely and utterly ruined. He figured he'd enlist Ron, Hermione, and Ginny to speculate where they could have gotten to when he got back to the dorm. With careful stealth, he slowly made his way back to the dorm.

~~~~~~

Hermione's cheeks were red. Flushed from both her efforts and embarrassment. "Ron... you can go now, this is embarrassing."

Ron however took no notice, he was busy staring at Hermione's newly exposed region quite hungrily. His hand twitched, wanting to make a move towards Hermione, but not wanting to make her uncomfortable.

Perceptive as she was, she saw this and the hungry glint in his eyes. She internally sighed. "Fine, no time like the present, but can you wait til I finish?" She was still wetting at full force even after a minute.

"Hmm...? Oh, yea, sorry 'Mione, got distracted..." Ron however, made no move to leave the stall.

~~~~~~~~~~~

Ginny decided to wait for the Trio on the couch in front of the fireplace. Lying down across all three cushions, for most everyone had all retired for their dorms. She wondered what would have happened tonight if the rendezvous had happened as planned. She let out a sigh of frustrated because things weren't able to play out. She slowly dropped into a light slumber, and barely noticed the portrait open and close.

~~~~~~

Harry, having just made it back to the common room, expected to find Ron and Hermione on the couch waiting for him with an explanations. Instead he found a cozy looking Ginny Weasley had fallen asleep in wait for him. He smiled to himself as he walked over to the couch, and gently woke Ginny.

"Hey, I'm sorry about earlier, your brother took my cloak and map. Then I ran into Filch, and n.." Ginny had put a single finger over his lips to shush him.

As much as she wanted to be mad at him, she desired him too much at that moment to hold a grudge, and she proceeded to bring him into a deep kiss.

~~~~~~

Ron went at Hermione with gusto, having heard the last drops enter the bowl. He couldn't wait to enter her glistening pussy, still wet with urine. He didn't care, what it was covered with, as long as he could have it right then, right there.

By the time Ron and Hermione stumbled into the Common Room, clothes disheveled, and exhausted, Harry and Ginny were fast asleep on the couch, limbs intertwined.

I'm sorry for being an awful updater, and hope you liked this installment. My next post will be filled with more omorashi than sex. Please comment or criticize, I am open to both!

