She wants to keep Luna desperate - Interactive stories - OmoOrgep-luna-desperate/

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-04-01 07:52

POV : Mia

Every day when she gets home from work, I hear my roommate bust through the front door, sprint up the stairs, slam the bathroom door, then the toilet lid, and unleash some of the loudest, longest pisses I've ever heard. Sometimes she even groans, says "ohh fuck!" or something. I have no idea why she's so desperate all the time, but I love it so much. I've been thinking about it all the time since I moved in.

I always get home before Luna. Today when I got home, I had the cruel urge to re-lock the door behind me when I came in. I don't usually do that. It might seem weird that I did that, but I've been thinking about it for a while and I just want to see Luna busting for a little while longer, you know? I can see the front porch through the doorbell camera.

I could also occupy the bathroom, but I wouldn't be able to see her. It would definitely be less suspicious.

A : Lock the door

B : Occupy the bathroom until she gets home.

*011*2022-04-03 23:37

B was the winner!

Mia kept the front door unlocked, but went the upstairs bathroom to wait. She actually did have to pee, but she held it in in case, for whatever reason, she'd want to audibly use the toilet so as to not arouse suspicion. It wasn't that Luna was onto her for being into pee, but you can never be too careful.

Luna took longer to get home than usual. Teased by the toilet she was sitting on, Mia started squirming a bit. It was rather urgent by the time she heard her roommate's car door slam. Her heart started racing. A couple of seconds later, the front door, up the stairs, and finally, a startling thump and yank of the door as the doorknob jiggled.

"Occupado!" Mia called.

"Ohh god, please hurry! Ooh fuck, I have to peeee!" Luna whined.

Mia opened her phone's camera and put it against the doorknob, peeking throughbthe lock. It worked way better than she was expecting. She could see everything. Luna was pacing back and forth in the hallway, alternating between holding herself and shaking her hands at her sides. She stopped pacing, put her hands on her hips and frantically marched in place, squeezing her thighs together with every step. Then her hands shot between her legs and she clutched herself, doubling over. "Mia please hurry... It's really bad, it's an emergency!"

Should Mia hit record?

Yes / No

*017*2022-04-05 07:27

Luna grabbed at herself, moving her hips around like crazy. "My bladderrrr..." she groaned miserably.

I couldn't believe how genuinely desperate to piss she was, and what a perfect shot I had of it. She started pacing up and down the hallway, Suddenly, her whole body jerked and she bent over, pressing her thighs together. I could see her trembling from how badly she needed to pee. "O-Okay, Mia, I need to get in there or I'm going to have an accident. I'm so serious."

Should I let her have an accident?

A - Yes, wait until she pees her pants!

B - No, leave the bathroom immediately and let her go!

C - Flush to toilet and run the sink for a few seconds before you leave to make it seem like you actually used the bathroom!

