A Bad Case of Stockholm Syndrome

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-01-17 03:53

First fiction I do, I hope it ends up good! Feel free to give feedback, I guess

CHAPTER ONE: THE SCREWED-UP HOLD-UP

Rebecca was pacing nervously in the small office behind the lobby of the checks & cashing place. She didn't dare go out to the lobby. She ordered her hostages to stack up desks against the emergency back door and the door that led to the lobby, the only two doors in the office.

Her mind was running out of control. I fucked up, big time.

A couple of hours ago, she put on a pair of fake designer glasses, and a hand towel over her mouth in the form of a bandana, and entered the Checks and Cashing with a handgun she bought earlier that day. She loudly started to shoot at the roof as an order for the small group of people inside to get down, instead of making as least noise as possible. Mistake one. She began to shoot near the people trembling on the floor, to project what she thought was "dangerousness", and accidently shot a man on his leg. Mistake two. Then she shot at the glass window that the tellers were behind instead of demanding them to open the door, triggering an alarm. Mistake three.

Now the entire place was surrounded by police and a SWAT team, responding to the armed robber holding hostages inside and already injuring one. Luckily, there was a nursing student (close enough for Rebecca) within the group of hostages, so the student was the only one who didn't had their hands tied behind their back with cable ties that Rebecca brought with her in her pocket. It was too risky to let an ambulance team take the injured man away, as that could have given police an opportunity to burst into the room.

Rebecca went to the water cooler to drink what would be her sixth, maybe seventh cup of water, trying to calm her nerves.

Meanwhile outside, Joanna Whitestone pulled up, finishing up her obligatory after-breakfast coffee. She had already been informed of the situation at the police station; some screw-up went into a checking center, started shooting up the place, and now has barricaded herself in the office with 11 hostages. The police already identified the gunwoman as Rebecca Schneider, a 20-year old computer science student at the local university, who had a past criminal record of petty stuff like pickpocketing, online piracy and shoplifting from her teenage years back in the state where she moved from. But holding up a store was a new thing, and Joanna was sure that the gunwoman was freaking out in the office.

At 23, she already had received her PhD in criminal psychology and was considered an expert, taking advantage of her prodigal gift. For her, it was easy to write up a small list of what the gunwoman wanted. Obviously money, most likely for tuition or student costs. But with her identity found out, Joanna knew that the girls' student career was over. She played her role cool and calm. The police let her through the perimeter, so that she could begin the negotiations. She finished up her cup of coffee, and set the trash on the floor as she went in. She took a deep breath in, and prepared herself.

Inside the office, as predicted, Rebecca was freaking out. She was biting her nails, and was drenched in sweat. She tried to hide her nervousness from the hostages, in order to make it look like she was still in control. All Rebecca wanted to really do was curl up and start crying. "I fucked up and now my life is over, and its all my fault" she thought sadly. Rebecca was weak in many aspects, she wasn't "prison material". She saw herself as a "child at heart". Her jet black hair had streaks of pink and blue. She was only 5'0, and was about 130 pounds. She looked like a 16-year old. Even like that, Rebecca admired her healthy figure on the reflection of a metal filing cabinet. "Now try to replace your ripped jeans, tank top and long sweater with an orange jumpsuit" she told herself in her head. She couldn't put the image in her head, she was too scared. "I don't deserve to go to jail" she convinced herself. She wasn't interested in being someone's bitch or punching bag.

Try to calm down. She already found herself subconsciously drinking yet another cup of water from the water cooler, when she heard a knock at the door.

"Rebecca Schneider?" said the female voice on the other side.

Rebecca felt her heart drop. They even know my name.

She raised her gun at the direction of the door, feeling an team of SWAT about to burst through any minute. She felt a few tears roll down her face. She took off her stupid sunglasses, and took off her hand-towel to wipe away her tears before any of the hostages saw. She would have preferred paper towels instead of a hand-towel she stole from a car wash, but the bathrooms weren't in the office, they were in the lobby. Now that she thought about the bathroom, she realized her bladder was a little full. It was more annoying than uncomfortable though.

The knocking on the door snapped her back to the moment.

"Rebecca, please open the door. My name is Joanna, I'm only here for the hostages, I'm not going to attack you or anything. That is all I want. Here, I'll prove it to you."

A card was slid under the door, and Rebecca picked it up. Sure enough, it was a drivers license. The license belonged to a Joanna Whitestone. With the information was a picture of a pretty brunette with fair tan skin, smiling for the picture.

"Yeah, well how do I know you are alone" asked Rebecca in a know-it-all tone.

"You don't" said Joanna. Now its time to turn mistrust into trust.

"But if it makes you feel safe, you can point your gun at the door. I'll press myself against the door, and you can tell y how clear my voice is that I am pressing myself against the door". Truly, Joanna was pressing her body against the door.

"If a bunch of other officers storm in, then you can feel free to shoot me. I'm literally swearing my life that I'm alone. Please Rebecca, I'm a little bit older than you, I'm not physically strong, I won't fight. I'm only here for the hostages."

Rebecca found herself without any rebuttals. Could she really trust this person enough? It wouldn't hurt, the girl was giving her the permission to shoot her after all. She unlocked the door.

"OK, you can open the door, I have my gun"

The door slowly opened, and the girl in the license photo slowly came in. Her curly hair was tied behind her in a ponytail. Her was wearing a pick dress shirt under an expensive looking tan jacket that matched with tight tan dress pants. She had a small flower pin on her jacket. She had her hands up, which reassured Rebecca. What Rebecca didn't know was that the flower pin was actually a bug meant to record the conversations that supposedly were between her and Joanna.

"See, you can trust me" Joanna said as she walked in, backing up to a wall. But Joanna knew it wasn't enough to gain trust.

"If you want to be totally safe with me, I have handcuffs on the side of my belt. You can handcuff me, tie me down, whatever you need to do. Just take out the radio I have, so I can set up a line of communication between you and the officers."

Rebecca was processing the information in her head. She isn't lying, I can really trust her Rebecca realized. She's even letting me tie her up.

With that said, Rebecca found the handcuffs on Joanna's belt, and handcuffed her accordingly. She commanded Joanna to sit down on a chair, even though she was actually waiting for Joanna to start talking so that something could be done. Rebecca just wanted this all to end.

Joanna was planning to let a little bit of time go by, to play on Rebeccas' nerves. She turned to see the hostages, and saw a woman tending to the bloody leg of a man on the floor. Everyone else was bound just as she was. I'll give it an hour or so she thought. What Joanna also wanted to know was where the bathroom was. She felt the juice from breakfast, along with the coffee, begin to reach her bladder. She should have gone before, but time she knew that time was vital. For now though, she could hold it. For now.

*001*2015-01-18 01:33

CHAPTER TWO: TRUST AND DESPERATION

"The wound isn't bleeding anymore"

The nurse snapped Rebecca back into reality, away from her thoughts. Joanna also heard, and decided she had to do something for the hostages.

"Rebecca, hey, listen, about the hostage who was shot..." she carefully said, not adding the "by you" she wanted to add. She didn't want Rebecca to feel dominant by what others did and said

"What about him?"

"The man needs an ambulance, he needs a doctor to make sure there isn't an infection. Please, you are risking his life, don't let him die" she said calmly, not wanting to be hysterical. She saw in Rebecca's eyes that she was scared and concerned. Whether it was about her selfish self, or about the wounded hostage, she was getting to a bursting point. Unless there was something else in Rebecca's mind that was concerning her.

In reality, there was something that Rebecca was concerned about. The endless drinks that she had were finally getting to her. All she wanted to do was calm herself down, not fill up her bladder. She knew the restrooms were out in the lobby. But going out there was too risky. She didn't want to be shot or arrested, but she also didn't want to have any accidents. Just calm down, it will be over soon.

"Rebecca?"

Joanna had kept quiet for a while, and now it was time to start negotiating. She would have preferred if more time had went by, to get Rebecca more nervous, but there was a life at risk.

"Please. You can trust me, just let the injured hostage go. What do you have to gain by having him here?"

Rebecca sure didn't want the man to die. Robbery was bad enough, but murder as well? She shuddered at the thought of being responsible of someone's death.

"How....do I know...umm...trust you?..." she managed to stutter out. Too much stuff was going on for her to think straight, and it was just the sign that Joanna needed.

"Like we did earlier, remember? Point the gun at me when they are in here, so you can have the benefit of security. Trust me, I'm not here to be an enemy or anything, I'm here for the hostages". In Joanna's mind, she was acting like a "Trojan horse", working little by little to get the hostages out, until it was just her. Inside a little compartment in her police-issued wristwatch was a second key to her handcuffs that Rebecca was tricked into thinking were effective. When only her and Rebecca were left in the room, she would free herself and take Rebecca down. She did go through basic training with the police for those kinds of scenarios.

Rebecca looked reluctant. She then took a deep breathe, and grabbed the walkie-talkie that Joanna brought, and held it to Joanna's face. "Call the ambulance then"

"Thank you, I told you that you can trust me"

Joanna then felt a cold metal tube on her neck that, mixed with a slowly filling bladder, made her shiver a little. The gun was held up at her neck, loaded and ready to shoot.

"Better....umm.....you better be corre...uhh, right.."

THIRTHY MINUTES LATER

The now ex-hostage was led out the room in a stretcher. The nurse sneakily was able to get out too, under the act that she was holding down the hostage's wound. The medics had their heads down all that time, and avoided noticing Rebecca at all. All that time, she was at Joanna's side, switching the gun behind her head and neck.

"I'm glad that we managed to make a deal. You see, it wasn't that bad?" Joanna said with a reassuring tone.

"We aren't here to be friends" Rebecca coldly snapped back, feeling Joanna was talking down to her with sarcasm.

"Right" she responded, looking away. She perfectly knew that fact. If she could, she would shoot Rebecca to teach her a lesson about her version of law. But she was only some dumb college brat. She was trying to hide her fear, and pretended to be tough.

"I'm sorry..."

"Hmm?"

Joanna didn't expect to hear that. Normally, the criminal wouldn't have said anything at all, and if they did, either a bunch of insults, gloating or something else, but not an apology. And it sounded sincere. This was something new.

"It's OK, don't worry"

Rebecca nodded in agreement. She felt forgiven. "I really don't want to hurt anyone, including Joanna" she thought to herself. "She's been kind of nice to me." It was true, she trusted Joanna on her word. A small stinging sensation awoke her from her thoughts. "Fuck, I need the bathroom" she thought to herself. She tried to distract herself with things. To have an accident would be too embarrassing, and would show the hostages that she was scared. So far, her act was working. Be cold and keep acting tough, and nobody would guess she was scared. I've already convinced a psychologist, I can keep doing this. But her growing desperation was threatening to expose her as some cowardly brat.

Meanwhile, Joanna was fighting her own struggle. She took a long breath in. Stay dry, please stay dryyyyy. It was worse for her, as she was handcuffed, and not allowed to walk around. She didn't have the luxury of having her hands available to hold herself in, or to rub on her arms to fight back the goose-bumps and cold. She glanced at Rebecca, who was fidgeting a little bit with her fingers, and began to pace a little bit, back and fourth. What's her deal? she wondered. Joanna then noticed something interesting. A few Styrofoam cups on the floor, with droplets that shown they were recently used. By Rebecca obviously, she was the only one who could use her hands, other than the nurse. But the nurse was with the man all that time. Did Rebecca really drink all of that? she thought amusingly. She turned to see Rebecca's face more clearly. She was sweating, and her face showed a little bit of strain and struggle.

It then struck Joanna. Rebecca's behavior. Her fidgeting. The cups.

She needs the bathroom

Joanna let out a small giggle. Rebecca quickly glanced. "You said something?"

"Ummm, no. Probably something else" she said nervously. Rebecca looked away, content with an answer.

To Joanna, it was kind of funny, she couldn't help but let out a giggle. There Rebecca was, some girl who had a pawn-shop quality gun, acting though, and now trying her best to hold herself. Goes to show the hypocrisy of "such a grown up".

Sadly, Joanna reminded herself of the irony of the situation. She wasn't in the position to be laughing. She was in the same situation as Rebecca was.

*004*2015-01-18 06:17

Eeeee! I'm glad you guys are enjoying it! I'm surprised I'm writing better than I thought I could, even though English isn't my first language

CHAPTER THREE: THE UNRULY HOSTAGE

About an hour or so passed. Rebecca wouldn't stop pacing back and fourth. Joanna was still wriggling in her seat.

Dammit, I can't do this, I need to go thought Joanna. It was obvious that now there were physical constraints on Rebecca, along with the emotional and mental toll on her already. It was time to start negotiations.

"Rebecca?"

"Hmm?"

"Do you want to start the negotiations now, so we can end all of this please?"

"Finally" she thought to herself. The negotiator is doing her job.

"Umm, sure, I guess"

"OK, pass me the radio, put it up to my mouth or something so I can speak to the captain outside.

Rebecca left the radio on a desk on the other side of the small office. She took small steps to go and retrieve it. She still had a bladder to manage on top of the entire situation. Don't worry, I'll figure out how to get to the toilet. The bathroom was outside in the lobby. But if she were to go there, the police would definitely capture her before she would be able to even get to the door. I wet myself and I end up getting shot or arrested. Two things that she definitely didn't want.

Just as she was passing by the hostages on the floor, she heard a small voice.

"Ummm, miss?"

Rebecca turned to see the girl on the floor who had said that. Unlike the other hostages who were laying down or sitting down, she was on her knees. Her blond hair in a loose and messy bun. She had a pair of light jeans and a white shirt that was soaked in the armpits and back with sweat. Under her frame glasses, her eyes were red and there were trails of tears that showed she had obviously been crying. She was about Rebecca's age maybe, maybe a year younger. What caught her attention was a small wet spot on the crotch of her jeans

"What do you w...what do you what, umm, want?" Rebecca said in an almost shaky voice. It was getting harder to maintain a cold and serious tone. Trying to maintain her bladder and dignity was taking a physical toll.

"I have to pee!" the girl said with urgency and desperation. "Pleeeaaase, I'm going to wet myself!!!"

Rebecca swallowed the remaining saliva in her mouth out of nervousness. She actually felt bad for this girl. It was evident that she had begun to leak. It was only a matter of minutes before the poor girl would totally disgrace herself. Rebecca completely understood what the girl was feeling. She would be more than happy to have let her go if the bathroom was in the office, mostly out of sympathy.

Across the room, Joanna was free to quietly whimper a little bit, with Rebecca away from her. She heard the girl, and felt sorry for her. She was supposed to be freeing the hostages, but her bladder needs were distracting her. Don't worry, I'll get the three of us out of here. Three? Rebecca included? No, she was the criminal. Joanna wasn't supposed to care if Rebecca wet herself or not, as long as she was arrested, she couldn't care less about her discomfort. So why did she even care?

"Umm.....I'm sorry, but no...you can't go.." Rebecca responded in a softer tone. "Neither can I" she thought sadly to herself.

The girl doubled over, moaning in pain and desperation.

"No, please, yes you can let me go!! I'm about to burst, please don't do this to me!!!" she wailed

Rebecca felt the other hostages looking either at the girl with sympathy, looking away to save her the humiliation, or looking at Rebecca with disgust for being so cold to the poor girl. She hadn't lost control of her bladder, but she was losing control of the situation. Instead of fear, there was hostility. Rebecca needed to enforce necessary evil.

"Shut up!! I s..said no!!" she said with her best composed tone. "Watch what happens next time you bitch around!!"

The girl began to mumble something unintelligibly through her sobs

"OK, you want to be a bitch, I'll be...a bitch too!!!" she growled as she aimed her gun at the girl. The girl shrieked in fear.

"No, don't kill me, I just want the bathroom, pleeeeaaaasee!!!"

Rebecca had it with the backtalking.

"Y-you know what? Piss yourself!! If you won't shut the fuck up, piss your pants, right there!!!"

"Oh God, please noo...." the girl managed to say before she burst into louder tears.

Joanna couldn't handle it. She was staying silent about Rebecca taunting the hostages. She crawled close to them with her knees, slowly though. She didn't want to be the first bladder to burst. The second, if she didn't stay something.

"Rebecca, you don't have to do that..w...she just needs a, um, t-toilet". She almost blurted out "we". She had to make sure Rebecca didn't know about her own plight, it might make her feel dominant over Joanna, even if Rebecca herself needed to go as bad. Bathroom denial was one of the most common forms of hostage dominance there is, after prolonged time as a captive. Any power to Rebecca was no good.

"You shut up!!! Shut the fuck up, all of y-you!!" Rebecca yelled back, in anger and irritation. Her bladder was acting up, and what she least needed was more issues.

"B-but...I'm about to have an accident, don't do this, I'm begging you" the girl said through tears.

Rebecca held the gun right at the girl's face. She used the barrel of the gun to lift up the girls glasses and pointed the gun directly at her left eye

"I'm done d-dealing with you, piss yourself so you will, can, um, will shut the fuck up already...piss yourself I said, I'm not kidding around!!" she shouted.

Joanna tried to save the girl from her humiliation. "Please Rebecca, you don't need to degrade her l-like that..."

"I told you to shut the fuck up too!!", and with that, Rebecca used the pistol to smack Joanna right in the cheek. Joanna was knocked down on the floor. She groaned in the pain, and felt her panties warm up a little bit. Shit!!! She was beginning to lose control. She clenched every muscle in her bladder to successfully stop the flow.

The girl couldn't hold it. She knew that Rebecca was being serious. She began to wail as she voluntarily let go. The warmth flooded her panties, as the liquid forced itself up her butt. Her thighs were pooling up urine between her legs, which spilled out when she opened her legs. It took about a minute or so to empty her bladder. A puddle had formed along the outline of her body on the floor. Even though she wasn't standing, she managed to get the back of both pant legs soaked, with the puddle rolling towards her front. She couldn't stop crying. Her dignity was ruined. She had been forced at gunpoint to wet her pants.

Now was the post-accident sobbing, and the realization that she wouldn't be getting into clean pants anytime soon. She knew that the gunwoman wasn't planning on acting nice in any way.

"The hissing noise sounded so soothing" Rebecca thought to herself. She could only imagine the relief the girl felt. Rebecca herself felt a little relieved. Until she realized she was actually letting go. She quickly shoved her hands between her legs to compose herself.

Joanna looked tearfully at the shaking girl on the floor. "That will be me soon too" she thought sadly. She knew Rebecca needed to go. She had to act fast.

"Rebecca, listen, I know you need the bathroom too, you've been acting like that, don't pretend you don't!!!" Joanna said accusingly. Rebecca looked at her with a face of sadness and shame, which was her way of admitting that Joanna was right.

"Please, just cooperate, we can both go to the bathroom, OK?"

Rebecca's eyes lightened up withsurprise. "We....um, both of us? You need to go too?" she asked with concern and a small hint of delight.

Shit. Joanna realized what she said. Now Rebecca knows that she is just as desperate as she is, if not more.

Despite her own painful desperation, Rebecca managed to snicker a little bit. Gotcha, bitch.

"So y-y-you need to go...to..the toilet too, h-huh, hmmm?" she shakingly said with a small smile.

Oh no....what did I do to myself Joanna thought, only able to imagine what Rebecca would do now with her secret leaked out (no pun intended).

*006*2015-01-19 04:45

Sorry I took all day. I actually had work today from NT to distract me, but here it is!

CHAPTER 4: OUT OF SERVICE

Rebecca carefully approached Joanna, who looked a little worried. Despite her own desperation she still managed to hold a grin of relief, not of mischievousness as Joanna thought.. Her ticket to freedom was Joanna's ticket to dryness.

Joanna audibly whimpered. She could only begin to imagine the humiliation and torture Rebecca had in mind. OK, maybe not torture. All she really had was just the pain of trying to hold her bladder in. It wasn't like she was going to die. Still she thought. I want to stay dry, it would be really uncomfortable to experience the feeling of wetting her pants. She had always been a super-hygienic person. She couldn't go a day without showering or doing laundry. Any article of piece of clothes used only once would be considered dirty. Any small stain was a big deal to her. Much more an entire puddle of urine.

Maintain your dignity, you CAN and WILL stay dry

Joanna put her head down as Rebecca approached her. Don't make eye contact. She'll see your tears, and it will turn out much worse. She felt a soft kick on the side of her rib.

"Look...at...at me".

Joanna lift her glaze towards Rebecca, who had the gun pointed at her on one hand, and other hand buried between her legs.

"Let's make a, um, deal, OK?"

"OK...I'll...I'm willingly, I mean willing to deal, err, negotiate...."". Joanna's struggle was visible. She was on the verge of tears. Her bladder was straining itself as best as it could. Rebecca, on the other hand, was worse; a small and thin dark trail had emerged from under her hand, and thinned out as it got near her ankle. She grunted and doubled over in agony.

"W-w-we both need to go, to...g-get to a.......toilet....so w-why don't...we....ummm....". Shit. I forgot what I was going to say, I can't think like this!!!

"Y..you want me to tell the...police to not shoot? And t-then we can ge..get to the bathrooms?" Joanna asked softly. Under no circumstances was the negotiator supposed to allow the gunperson to gain more space or ground. At least, it wasn't good for obvious strategic reasons, it could provide the gunperson more space to attack officers from. But Joanna knew that a gunfight was what Rebecca wanted the least. She also isn't telling me to urinate myself, like I thought she was.

"W-what do you mean? How, you know they'll try....to...umm...arrest me"

Rebecca took a moment to jump a little in place. The desperation was too much.

"I can tell them to bring the.....*urk*....the shields, the ones they use...". Outside, the police set up small rows of SWAT shields, which were small and mobile fences made of strong iron, with an opening near the top to stick the gun out from.

"I'll tell....t-th-them to build a path to the bathroom....so that you....umm.....". Joanna thought whether to say "we". Fuck it, she already knows, what's the point of trying to stop her from feeling dominant.

"So...we can both get to...the toilet on...t-time.....p..pl....please?". Joanna felt a couple of tears stream down her face. Please, just say yes, don't make me wet my pants!!

Rebecca thought of that idea. It sounds OK, they can't shoot me.

"OK....g-go for it....". She held the radio up the Joanna, and let Joanna speak to the chief outside. Rebecca heard as Joanna kept stuttering while explaining the situation. While Joanna was speaking, Rebecca took this moment to cover her mouth and begin to let out soft sobs. I don't want Joanna to see me wet myself, and I also don't want Joanna to wet herself either. Wait, since when did I care about her?

Joanna was done talking on the radio.

"OK, they s-say yes, they'll....they'll do it, OK? Don't worry, j-just...umm...try to hold it in, uh, you'll be fine, I....promise you....their hurrying up to...do...s-so" Joanna said in the most reassuring tone possible. Poor Rebecca, I hope she makes it. Wait, since when did I care about her? I don't care about her....I mean, right?

"T-thank you....". Rebecca wanted to add "if it wasn't for you here, I wouldn't know what to do". Honestly, Rebecca appreciated Joanna's offer. But saying anything else than "thank you" would feel...."weird".

There was a sound of something moving outside, something heavy and metallic. Rebecca waited a couple of minutes. Meanwhile, she began to squirm uncontrollably. She also glanced at Joanna, who was obviously squirming as well, with a few tears running down her cheeks, mumbling "I can't, I can't".

"H...hey, you will make it, OK?". Rebecca said reassuringly.

Joanna could only nod. She cares about me...kind of. Joanna comforted herself with the kindness of her captor. She was understanding of her situation, most captors would either ignore their hostages or force them to wet themselves. At least, all of the captives, not like the girl from earlier.

Rebecca slowly opened the door, gun ready. The took a moment to stomp in place, out of desperation. When she opened the door, she saw a wall of SWAT shields that provided cover for a path to the restroom. There it is, the door, it cant be more than 20 feet away. She still had a little doubt, so she grabbed Joanna.

"C-careful, OK? The toilets are, um, right there" she said. Joanna nodded.

Rebecca yelled out into the lobby, "I have a hostage with me!" as she walked out Joanna. Nobody was there. Good.

Joanna then realized something; she was alone with Rebecca as they took baby steps to the toilet. She could uncuff herself and wrestle down Rebecca. But she needs the toilet, she won't make it if I get her now. It was at that moment that she began to realize something: she cares about Rebecca. She unexplainably made up excuses to feel sorry for Rebecca, and now she made up an excuse as she had a rare chance. No! These aren't excuses, because I need to go too! I'm not in denial! I'm not protecting Rebecca at all!

Rebecca came to a stop as she reached the bathroom door.

"D-d-do you want to go first? I'll l-let you" Joanna said. Despite her own needs, she was willing to let Rebecca go. It was the only way she could say "thank you". Instead of leaving Joanna to wet herself in the office, she was letting her relief herself too.

Rebecca turned the handle to the bathroom. What happened next made her heart drop. She opened the door to see the toilet, wrapped in paper and plastic. On top, there was a sheet of paper taped on top of the toilet - "Toilet sewage broke, please use the bathroom next door"

"W-what....". Rebecca felt her eyes sting again with tears.

Joanna leaned forward to see the sight that Rebecca was blocking her from. Her heart also fell in sadness. Rebecca turned to Joanna, who looked just as defeated as her.

"The....toilets.....we...c-can't use them..." Rebecca managed to say through tears. Both of them realized what this meant.

Rebecca realized it, and so did her bladder. She felt a growing warmth in between her legs. She looked down, still in the shock of the moment. She had lost control completely.

"Rebecca....I...umm....." Joanna said with sadness and sympathy.

A dark and glistening spot quickly spread out on the front of Rebecca's jeans. Thin streams had begin to pour out from her pant legs, some spilling into her socks and sneakers. The wetness went up her butt, as the underwear and jeans directly between her legs couldn't absorb any more liquid. The back and front of her jeans were soaked. Her feet felt warm, as urine that was trailing down her legs reached her socks, which absorbed the urine.

Her lip was trembling. She felt beyond degraded. Her ears and face burned with the redness of embarrassment. She started off with broken sobs, then exploded into full-out wailing. Rebecca fell to her knees. There was no point in using her hands to block the stream. She would only direct the urine up her butt with that pressure. Not that it would matter, it went up anyways.

Joanna felt sick. She was begging to sob softly too. Rebecca's puddle had reached her, and just managed to back away, not wanting to get her white loafers wet. She knew she was definitely going to wet herself. She also felt bad for Rebecca.

"Poor Rebecca, I feel pretty bad for her more than myself" she sympathetically thought to herself. "Still, she looks kind of cute when she cries". She tensed up, not out of desperation, but of her last thought. "Where the fuck did that thought come from? Rebecca isn't cute! Well, she is, but not in that sense!". With that, she grunted in desperation. She was now more annoyed than sad.

"She's not cute...I mean...well.....I'm not "like that".....no...". She was almost distracted from her desperation.

"I'm not......I'm not lesbian...I mean.....well.....no...just because I think she looks a little cute....that's.....I-I'm straight, I'm supposed to be, right?"

She never felt like this before. Seeing Rebecca soaking herself and burst into tears was supposed to make Joanna feel bad, and make her even more desperate. She wasn't supposed to enjoy it. Joanna always saw herself as straight. She liked guys. She had dated them before. She has always been politically and socially conservative, and would think to herself "I'm straighter than a ruler!"

"Why am I even thinking about this in the first place?"

This was probably just an effect of dealing with stress and a hostage situation. Through her thoughts, Joanna now felt something that she had always hated: guilt. She had to do something. I have to say something, for me and Rebecca. "and Rebecca". There I go again.

"Re....Rebecca, don't cry....." she said softly.

"But I-I-I..could...no like you know I wet the c-cause" Rebecca managed to mumble out between her sobs.

"I m-mean...if it makes....umm...you feel better...you know, not entirely h-humiliated...." Joanna managed to say under her voice. Either way, I know I won't make it. I can't hold it in...

With that, Rebecca stopped sobbing for a little bit, as she stared at Joanna, who had her head down as she voluntarily let go into her slacks.

*009*2015-01-19 19:45

Thank you for the compliments! I appreciate it!

And about the crime duo....it all depends on Joanna! That's all I'll say (even though the title has given it away a while ago lol)

CHAPTER 5: REVEALATION

It....feels......ahhh...so good....n-n....ahh......

Joanna couldn't help but blush. The urine condensed into trails on the outside of her slacks. With the kind of fabric her slacks were made of, the urine flowed easily dow her leg, adding moisture instead of the traditional stickiness of wet fabric. Not wanting to get urine into her shoes, she crouched down, sticking her butt out behind her, so that the urine would instead pool at the back of her underwear and slacks instead of in her shoes. She couldn't help but smile a little bit, followed by a long sigh of relief.

While Joanna felt the relief and cozy warmth of the urine, Rebecca was feeling the wet fabric of her jeans stick to her skin, and her cold and wet panties begin to ride up after adjusting the waist of her jeans, which were sagging with the extra weight of the urine they absorbed. She was looking at Joanna who was disgracing herself as well. But Joanna looked more happy than sad to have wet herself. Is she......she is....she is smiling, isn't she?

"Jo....Joanna....umm...." she managed to say between her sniffling.

"Are you....sm....smiling?"

Joanna tried to erase her smile off her face. She felt a little embarrassed. But the relief overwhelmed her, what was she supposed to do?

"Heh...umm...well....y-you know..." she said shyly. Her face was flushed in redness. She still couldn't take that stupid grin off her face. She felt so immature, but so "weird" at the same time. I just wet myself in front of this cut...err, in front of Rebecca....w...what do I do now?

Rebecca stared wide-eyed through her tears. She was more surprised than humiliated now. It's like she enjoyed wetting herself.

"Umm...I mean...it's....it's ok to feel relieved" Rebecca shyly said, now that her confusion at Joanna's attitude had calmed her down. "Y...you can feel happy, I guess....."

"B-but...." Joanna said with embarrassment. "I'm....ummm......ok" she accepted, putting her head down in shame. She couldn't stop smiling. Why am I feeling like....this? Did I really enjoy wetting myself in front of Rebecca? No....I mean.....well.....n-no...

Now it was Rebecca's turn to not only smile, but let out a broken laugh. She quickly covered her mouth up with her hands, in shock. N-no, shut up, don't do that!!

Joanna looked up at Rebecca, covering her laughter. She is laughing at me? Or....does she feel....

"I'm sorry about...umm...l-laughing..." Rebecca said with shame. "It's just that.....well....it felt...you....urrr.....looked...se...uhhh....". Rebecca was stammering. She wanted to say something that she had finally realized.

From the moment she first saw Joanna walk through the door. Wow, she looks...kind of....h-hot.... From the time she was handcuffing Joanna. Her hands are soft... From the time she held Joanna close to her wit the gun when the medics took the wounded man away. She smells so sweet and fragrant. From the time she threatened her with a gun while tormenting the desperate hostage. I wish I can say sorry, I don't mean to insult you. And just now, when Joanna wet herself in front of her. She looks so innocent and sad, I really want to hug her and comfort her.

Rebecca, like Joanna, never had any doubts about her sexuality. She had a boyfriend, until he was arrested for drugs, while Rebecca liked to think was the reason for her criminal behavior (although she never took any). At her university, she was shown in one of her computer classes how to set up a network of webcams, which she used to set up webcams in the male athletes locker room. If anything, Rebecca liked to think of herself as a "female pervert".

She never felt this way, until about three hours ago when Joanna walked into the office. She now realized something.

I'm.....a...a....l-lesbian...and......I like Joanna....

"It's....d-don't worry". Joana's voice snapped her out of her thoughts.

Rebecca was at a loss of words. She just had a revelation of magnitude inside a dirty bathroom, standing in wet jeans. She had to keep her calm.

"C'mon...l-lets go back to the office" she said as she gently grabbed Joanna's arm. They made their way behind the wall of shields. The police couldn't see them well, so at least only the hostages would notice their accident. Rebecca had her head down all that time. She felt the sloshing of her wet socks as she walked.

When they entered the office, some of the hostages were in a circle in whispers. They disbanded when the girls entered the room. Rebecca ignored them, and walked past them.

"Joanna....ummm....c-can we talk? I mean, in private, in the break room over there?" she asked.

"Umm, OK, t-that's fine...". Joanna was confused. What does she want to tell me?

Rebecca felt the humiliation as she walked past the hostages. She heard some snickers. They probably are trying not to laugh at my accident she thought sadly. The girl who was forced earlier to wet herself looked up at Rebecca. She was still on the floor, lying in her puddle in a fetal position. Her eyes were red from crying, but Rebecca could tell she had anger in her eyes as they both made accidental eye contact.

"W-what are you looking at?"

"At you, bitch. Glad you feel like how you mademe feel" the girl snapped back with a sharp but low grumble.

Rebecca pretended to ignore her as she walked away. I have more....serious things now.

The break room was only a table with chairs, and a counter with a small fridge and a microwave, with cabinents on the wall. Rebecca set Joanna down on a chair. She then sat down on a chair next to her, again feeling the discomfort of her wet clothes.

Control yourself...

"Joanna, listen...I...um.."

Just tell her you like her, that's it, that is all, you can control yourself...

"..uh...you see...." This feels like fucking high school. I can't believe I'm going to tell someone who I have hostage, both of us in wet jeans, with the cops outside, that I like her.

"I...t-t-think....you see....."

Joanna moved her head down a little, as Rebecca put hers down a little. She made eye contact with her. She could tell Rebecca had some sort of shame in her eyes. What does she want to say? She looks so helpless....I feel like hugging her....wait, no! Don't think that! She isn't cute, she is a girl, and I am a girl, boys are meant for girls, and vice versa! I don't have a crush on Rebecca, I am straight! I just feel sorry for her, tha-

With that, Joanna felt Rebecca grab her head, and start kissing her with a sort of passion that she has never felt, ever, with any of her past boyfriends.

Rebecca couldn't control herself. Her mind lost control of her body. While her mind kept saying "stop, no, stop kissing her, no, don't do this!!", her body would instead hug Joanna tighter. She had one hand holding Joanna's head to kiss her, and the other softly rubbing Joanna's lower back.

Both girls made eye contact, and both were shocked. Just as fast as she grabbed Joanna, she pushed her back into her chair.

What did I do!?

*011*2015-01-20 05:24

I feel like I'm rushing the scene too much, and feel like a real hostage situation wouldn't develop like this (maybe not the sexually insecure negotiator part lol), so tell me if I should slow down! Next chapter or so, they'll escape the building.

CHAPTER 6:

Joanna's mind was at a total blank. She was trying to stammer something out, but she couldn't.

She.....she kissed me......s-she.....likes me.....t-too.....b-but...I can't like her back!!

Rebecca was frozen in place. She was extremely humiliated, and beyond embarrassment. I kissed her. I just fucking grabbed her, and kissed her.....

Both girls stood in their position awkwardly, without a word, for the next few minutes. Joanna was still absorbing the shock. Rebecca wanted to say something, anything. She felt a funny feeling in her stomach. Nothing painful, but rather uncomfortable. She also felt the same way she was felt before when being a situation with a cute guy. Stronger though. Like her first kiss with her boyfriend, but this time, with Joanna, it felt more pleasurable and stronger.

I...have to apologize......

"Ummm...Joanna...I...uhh....."

Joanna broke her blank stare and looked up at Rebecca. "Hmm?" she said, in a really calm and carefully executed manner.

"...I w-want....t-t-to say that....that I am sorry....I am so s-sorry......" she said, almost breaking down into tears. She thinks I'm a lesbian....

"It's....ok....." Joanna said softly and reassuringly. She wanted to add "I enjoyed it though". But saying that would be way too embarrassing.

Now Rebecca was having her own revelations. She hadn't looked at Rebecca as anything higher than some dumb college brat with a cheap gun. To her, Rebecca was just another insecure bitch that needed to be put in her place in a prison cell or mental ward. But now, it was different. She remembered when she first saw Rebecca in her straining. "She looks so cute, dancing in her desperation", followed by denial. When Rebecca stood there, crying, emptying out her bladder in her jeans, that was the icing for Joanna. "She looks so hot, crying, wetting herself, oh what the hell, why am I thinking this??". All this time, she had been suppressing herself. Her insecurities.

She felt her eyes tear up.

I'm...in.....in love with Rebecca, aren't I?

Rebecca's screaming woke her from her thoughts.

"Get up, all of you!!"

She was with the hostages. Joanna got up from the chair to go see. Just as she got up, she felt a small ache in her abdomen. I need to go to the toilet again?

Rebecca was opening up the door, and ordered her hostages to do something that Joanna tensed up.

"Get the hell out of here, you are all free. Go, fuck off" Rebecca then glanced at Joanna, who was standing nearby. "Except you, Joanna."

Without hesitation, the hostages all got out in a single line, with an obviously look of relief on their faces. All but the girl, whose wet spot on her jeans was still dark and obvious. She wasn't crying or anything, she just looked tired and defeated. As she walked by Rebecca, she mumbled something. Whatever it was, Joanna didn't hear it, but assumed it was an insult by the way Rebecca grabbed the girl, then pistol-whipped her.

"R-Rebecca!! Don't do that!!" Joanna snapped in defense of the girl. She didn't want to see anybody get killed or beaten. Rebecca hesitated to hit the girl again, and decided to throw the girl out, who was crying again, and shut the door behind her. Rebecca was finally doing the right thing. "But why not me too?" Joanna thought to herself. What does she want to do with me? Use me in negotiations? Or something else?

Deep inside, Joanna knew what to do though. She just had to wait for the perfect moment.

With the hostages now gone, Rebecca was now at another standstill. What now? I have Joanna and everything. I don't want to hurt her. But she hesitated again at her last thought. Do I want to keep her safe because she's my ticket out of here, or....or....do I have intentions even I don't know about? She looked at Joanna, who was on her knees. She looked like she was waiting for something to happen. But she didn't have fear in her eyes. More like excitement. Rebecca then thought of something sad. Will I ever see Joanna again after this? In just a few hours, Joanna managed to make Rebecca question herself, and in a way that she liked.

Joanna on the other hand was excited, like her eyes said.

Oh God....

While she was freeing herself from her handcuffs from the hidden key, she felt her bladder begin to ache again. I've already gone once in my pants. With that exciting thought in her head, she closed her eyes and drifted off.

"J-Joanna! You're p-wetting yourself again!!"

Joanna snapped back, and looked down. Urine was trickling down, on the back of her thighs. A small puddle formed slowly on the carpet. Nothing big, as the fabric of the carpet absorbed the urine.

Without a thought, Joanna felt like she had lost control of not only her bladder, but her mind.

"I know....I...d-did it...umm...for you....". Joanna was conscious of what she said, but her mouth was just running off. Why the FUCK did I just say that!!!?? D-Don't say that!!!

"Wh...what....umm...." Rebecca was surprised at what Joanna said. She wet her pants for me!!? Is...w-wh....wha..

"I said I wet myself.....because....y-you like it....d-don't you?". Stop it!!! OK, you like her, big fucking deal, don't say that though!!! Why am I doing this??

"Y-you.....y....". Rebecca felt like she was in some surreal dream. She...is trying...t-to seduce me......isn't she?

Joanna began to giggle as she felt her handcuffs come off.

"Oh Rebecca.....you look so....good....I just want to....you know....kiss again....". STOP IT JOANNA, WHAT ARE YOU SAYING??!!! STOP IT!!!

"K-k....kiss....". Joanna is a lesbian, isn't she? Plus....she knows....I...l-like her too...

"Yeah, kiss. Y-you heard me. I think you're fucking hot. Goddammit Rebecca, you fucking turn me on!!" STOP IT!!!! PLEASE, WHY CAN'T I STOP!!!

Just like that, Joanna snapped. She lost it. As Rebecca was stammering around, Joanna got up and pounced at Rebecca with her hands, now free.

"W-wh." Rebecca managed to stammer out as Joanna tackled her down.

Joanna quickly managed to flip Rebecca onto her stomach. She held down the squirming girl under her, putting one knee on top of her wet butt and using both hands to hold both of Rebeccas arms down at her side. She grabbed one of her arms, and twisted them on her back.

"Ahhh, oww, you're hurting me!!!" Rebecca managed to yell out. She was beginning to sob.

Just as Joanna unpredictably tackled her, she got off of Rebecca, letting her flip back on her back. She turned to see Joanna, who looked way off. She was smiling with an evil look, and her eyes were dilated and wide opened, giving her a sociopathic look. In her hand was something that make Rebecca's heart skip a beat.

"J-Joanna, w-wh-wh..please, w-wait!!!" she spurted out, trying to finish her sentence. She saw that Joanna was holding the gun she had dropped when she was tackled down. She was aiming it at Rebecca.

"D-don't kill me, p-please!!!"

Joanna threw her head back in laughter, as she approached Rebecca, who was trying to crawl away.

Rebecca felt a growing warmth in her butt. She looked down, to see her pants glistening again. Her bladder filled up again, but she hadn't noticed in the panic of the last few moments. N-no!! I'm peeing my pants again!!

"J...J...Joanna....please.....". She was about to burst into tears. All of a sudden, Joanna grabbed her by the arm and lifted her up.

"I.....p-pl-" Rebecca was cut off by Joanna, who put her finger to Rebecca's lips.

"Shhhhh" Joanna whispered softly. She fondled her finger around Rebecca's lips. She let out the cutest giggle Rebecca ever heard.

"Your lips are so soft....even w-when you kissed me..."

Rebecca felt her mouth move, but no words came out. I liked kissing your soft lips too.

Rebecca then felt Joanna do the same thing she did to her. She kissed Rebecca, more passionately than how Rebecca kissed her. Rebecca kissed back. Before they knew it, they were embracing each other, kissing passionately.

They let go, both breathing heavily.

"R-Rebecca.....babe...." Joanna said. She felt so...relaxed. She felt so liberated, letting her submissive side out.

"Hmmm?" Rebecca said with an innocent tone to her.

"I...I love you, OK?" Joanna said with strong passion. She gently stroked Rebecca's cheek with her hand.

"I'll do whatever you want me to do....I-I'm totally yours....". She giggled as she rested her head on Rebecca's lap, still soaked with urine.

"Please.....I...l-love you....". She looked up with what Rebecca would have said were bedroom eyes, only that they weren't in any position for sex.

"C'mon....l-lets get out of here, I have a plan, OK babe?"

Rebecca still kept trying to mumble out something. She finally said something.

"OK....w-whats the plan?"

*013*2015-01-21 03:12

Yet again, another chapter!

CHAPTER 7: ESCAPE

In just a few hours, Rebecca and Joanna had not only discovered something about their sexualities, but had fallen in love, under "unusual" circumstances. But despite meeting in the office of a checks cashing building, one of them handcuffed, and with SWAT teams ready to shoot down the other, they managed to handle the "obstacles" relatively well.

Outside, the SWAT agent in charge of securing the perimeter received a transmission in his radio, which was hooked up with Joanna's radio.

"H-hello? Come in, please"

"Yes Joanna, what is it?" Did she succeed in taking the gunwoman down? The hostages are free, its just the two of them now

"Please tell your men to stand down, p-please..." She sounded like she was crying

"Is that the suspect's demands?"

"S-she has a....*fake sniffle*....b-bomb, shes threatening me, p-please..."

"Are you serious? Are you sure its a bomb?!" Shit, now we've got a bomb threat. But to a checks cashing place?

"Yes, she has the wires and...a-and...you know...p-please! She's going to kill me!!". The voice of the gunwoman shouting in the background was heard through the radio too.

"Sh-shes going to say that if you guys don't let her out now, shes going to blow herself and me up, and...a-and...oh God, please, she handcuffed herself to me..."

"OK, don't worry, we'll back off, just come out!" Shes not kidding around

A few minutes later, both girls came out. Joanna was crying, while the gunwoman had Joanna up against her, using her arm to headlock the poor girl, and had the gun pressed right at her head with the other hand. With the hand that was around Joanna's neck, she had some sort of device. It was hooked up to a wire that led to a plastic thing on her waist. The thing was some sort of box covered in plastic and wires. The bomb.

"You g-guys have to listen to me, or I'll kill her!!" she shouted out. Again, Joanna burst into hysterical tears. She whispered something to Joanna in her ears, that whatever it was, got her to stop wailing.

"I w-will let her go, I won't keep her with me, she c-c-can go home after this!! Let me just get to my car, and we'll leave. I'll drop her off somewhere, so don't follow!"

The police officers could only stare at her with hostility, as one of their own was in danger. Some of their eyes went wide open at the sight in front of them. Joanna was urinating herself. Her slacks looked kind of darker in color before, but now, they exploded in a glistening bloom across her front, and led down to her legs. Joanna shrieked in shock and humiliation. Again, whatever the gunwoman whispered to Joanna, it seemed to have calmed her down.

"Don't follow me, or I will blow up the car with the both of us! On a busy road, others will get hurt too!!!"

With that, Rebecca uncuffed herself from Joanna, and forced her in the car. She quickly jumped into the driver seat, as she wasn't planning on getting shot by a sniper during that brief and delicate moment. She backed away from the parking space, as the officers using the car as cover were backing away. The SWAT team removed their shields out of the driveway, to let the car through. With that, the car drove away.

There weren't any helicopters in the sky, or any police cars in the rearview mirror.

Joanna was still crying. Rebecca looked at her with a widening smile.

"You can drop the act, you were great!" she said cheerfully, and playfully rubbed Joanna in the head. Joanna responded with a giggle.

"Think I did well?"

"I know you did well."

"Help, help, don't shoot, she has a bomb!!! I'm wetting myself in fear, don't shoot"

Both girls burst into laughter.

Rebecca yanked off the box from her waist. The "bomb" was really a binder they took from an office desk, and wrapped it with a bunch of shrink wrap they found in the trash can. Rebecca improvised with the wires; they were cut from a computer. The small trigger was actually, of all the primitive things, a clicky pen (I don't know what they are called, mechanical pens maybe?). She tied the other end of the wire around the pen, but gripped it enough to cover the shitty job she did to make a finger trigger. Now, they were free, just like that. Joanna told Rebecca that she needed to pee before they even set their plan into motion. "Just pee your pants out there, to make your fear look authentic, plus it will look really hot if you do!". Rebecca was caught by surprise when she felt Joanna's warm urine hit her knee. She whispered into her ear, "You certainty like being naughty, don't you?". It took serious concentration to hold herself from giggling.

"Where do we go now?" asked Rebecca.

"We'll why don't you park your car somewhere, so they don't report the plates or anything, and we take a taxi?"

"To where?"

"Well, you said you were going to release me, right?"

Joanna adjusted her jacket. It then hit her.

Oh my God, I forgot the pin....I...I...have to t-tell Rebecca!!

Meanwhile, back at the checks cashing, the investigator was looking through the room, for any evidence of anything. What he noticed were a few puddles on the floor, along with a lingering smell of urine. He would look at that later, what the investigator wanted to know, for the courtroom, was what the recording device on the dummy flower pin had recorded.

Joanna felt her eyes sting with tears, but they didn't sting as much as her cheek, which Rebecca had just slapped.

"Are you fucking kidding! You gave yourself away!" she shouted. I guess every couple has to fight eventually...I mean, are we a couple?

"I-I'm sorry, please don't be mad at me!!!" Joanna said with a guilty look

"What do you mean 'Don't be mad'? What the fuck are we going to do now!!". Rebecca was now worried. They had nowhere else to go now. They planned to go to Joanna's house, and hide out there. By now, police were probably waiting at Rebecca's college dorm. She lived alone, so she had nobody to cover for her.

"Don't worry, l-let me handle this babe" Joanna said, putting she hand on Rebecca's arm with reassurance. Rebecca shooed her away.

"You better...now where do we go? A hotel or something?"

"No, to my house still. I have roommates, they'll cover us"

"Fine, you're in charge"

Cover for us? I took Joanna hostage, and tried to rob a place, and now will probably get the FBI or something on our backs, and they'll be cool with covering us?

*015*2015-01-21 04:06

I know that I have been pacing too fast. I just couldn't figure out to fit the fetish into this story with only a hostage situation to work on. What could I do, I didn't want to be repetitive and leave it off as Rebecca forcing Joanna to drink water over and over and wet herself a whole bunch of times. I couldn't figure out how to fit in pants wetting in a way that works, using such a restricted background. Even with what I have written, it was hard.

Plus, trying to set up a relation like that does require some time like you said, but I figured that since this was a hostage situation, I couldnt realistically give them the necessary time they needed to develop an intimate relation, so I decided to skip ahead and make Joanna snap in the stress of the moment, mixed with doubts about her sexuality. But ill proably try to figure out a way to fix that, playing with her background (that I haven't elaborated on yet) and her own psychology, in a way where her being intelligent wouldnt really play a role for that part of her.

I appreciate the criticism, and I'll find a way to fix it! Thanks!

*017*2015-01-21 04:48

Ill try my best to patch up as many holes in my story as I can, while keeping it realistic.

Thanks for the feedback!

*019*2015-01-21 14:05

I see how that could work out

Now I have somewhat of an idea on how to fix this, so hopefully it might work out.

*023*2015-01-23 06:19

The asylum thing could work, and most likely my best option. I'll try to come up with something, im just an a writers block at the moment. thanks for the ideas and criticism, i appreciate anything that helps me develop my writing skills!

