Sarah's Desperation

Author: kgirl17

*000*2017-03-06 05:00

Sarah was 5" 5' and built slenderly enough to be attractive but not look sickly. She was the high school prom queen, clearly popular, and a social butterfly.

Things hadn't changed in college. Although she had opted for a smaller college it was prestige and private, although still somewhat affordable.

Her boyfriend since freshman year played college football. He wasn't nerdy or to stacked. He maintained a perfect comb back hair and had the abs. Their two years had been going great.

It is currently the weekend after their two year anniversary, and they have decided to attend a stereotypical college party.

Neither of them are big drinkers, but in honor of two years they both got more tipsy than usually.

It was as one a.m. when they retired to a bedroom off of the hallway to make out. While they had lost their virginity to each other long ago now wasn't a night to do that. There were to many people, it was someone else's house, and both were tired.

"Goodnight, honey" Aaron murmured slightly slurred.

She hummed in agreement nodding off, while resting her hand over his which was around her waist.

She woke groggy and disoriented. First noticing the building of pounding in her head. She absentmindedly concurred that it was still night time because there was no light coming through the blinds.

Then she rolled to her back still trying to gather her surroundings. Her boyfriends arm was still wrapped around her, but with horror she felt another sensation. She had a horrible ache in abdomen and a desperate urge to pee.

She cursed silently, setting Aaron's arm off of her. He stirred slightly but she shushed him.

At this point Sarah knew she wouldn't be able to go back to sleep unless she peed. But in her happy bubble she hadn't paid attention to the bathrooms at all. She knew that she was on the second floor and their were none in the bedroom. She didn't even know how many were in the house.

The thought of a toilet sent pang to her bladder and her urethra tingled with need.

This cannot be happening she thought dramatically shifting her legs closer together. She wasn't the kind of person to hold herself, she didn't even like to get dressed in front of Aaron.

There was no more noise going on which meant it had probably been a few hours. The party had just started dying down when they went to bed.

She didn't even really know who owned the house though. She had probably met and even talked to them tonight, and they were Aaron's friend.

The bladder got more impatient each minute she stared at the dark ceiling, getting more anxious.

She didn't feel right getting up, she didn't know what to do or where to go. She tried to squeeze her eyes shut and lull herself back to sleep, but each time she startled herself awake again with the need to let go.

She mentally sighed and crossed her legs still in bed. It was getting much harder to ignore the ache started to get unbearable.

Sarah knew anatomy, her bladder couldn't burst, but at some point the pee had to come out.

She kept counting to ten and telling herself she would get up. Then she would chicken out. What if I accidentally woke Blake up? What if I got up and couldn't find the bathroom. What if I got up and woke someone else up.

She squirmed and wiggled her urges getting closer together. What if I got up, had trouble finding a bathroom, and wet myself? This was her true horror.

It would tarnish her reputation. She need to go desperately right now. 8/10, desperately, and once she got up she wasn't sure if she could hold it back.

The ache intensified and her instinct was to push. In just that split second she could feel it travel down her urethra and her sphincter weakened. Her panties became damp with only a drop.

More was following. Oh no, she had waited to late. She flexed her muscle and slowly inches her hand between her legs. This felt oddly satisfying and dirty at the same time, but it help immensely.

She hastily slid off the bed and now that she was fully awake began searching for a bathroom.

After making into the hall she released her hand and had to stamp her feet to help hold. She made it about three feet trying to judge from the doors which may have been a bathroom, but she couldn't make out much.

More pressure strained and her muscles become overloaded. She pretzeled her legs together. She needed a bathroom like 5 minutes ago.

A noise sounded from the bedroom and almost made her loose it more so. Another leaked dribbled out.

She found a light switch and flipped it on, it was the hallway light.

"Honey," Aaron mumbled probably feeling the bed for her.

She shuffled halfway into the doorway, her hand between her legs. More liquid shoving its way out. Her bladder was pulsating.

Aaron had been over here multiple times to work out and play video games, "where is the bathroom?" She let out demandingly but quietly, the urge could be heard in her voice.

It took him a minute to register it in his sleepy state, but after seeing her he thought very briefly before replying, "It should be to your left . It's on the right side of the hallway right before the steps."

Ahh relief was maybe eight feet away. Sarah scurried into the bathroom and peed. She assessed the damage after. Her underwear were pretty wet and her shorts were damp if it was felt from the right spot. But she was pretty sure it would be okay.

As she went back to bed the bedside clock read 4:50.

"You okay?" Aaron asked tentatively, not very awake but knowing he would go back to sleep.

"Yea I think. I just had to," She want sure how to get the words out, "I needed to pee."

"I know that," He lightly chuckled trying to lessen what he felt were her nerves. He pulled her close rubbing their legs together, "I mean are you.. did you..?"

"Yes I made it." She whispered and playfully batted him across the chest.

"I just mean, you know, in case you didn't... it not like the end of the world." Secretly Aaron wouldn't really have minded at all.

"Well... I did." Then she felt bad her lying to him. They shared silly embarrassing stuff all the time. This was different though, it was different right? "Pretty much." She added implying.

He really wanted to feel what pretty much meant, but resisted. Instead he let her cuddle back into him and dozed off.

If you would like I could explore this more in the future, just let me know and feel free to make any suggestions.

*004*2017-03-07 00:55

{{2 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

It's an adorable, realistic scenario I might... appropriate for future stories. I could give some advice on the writing quality itself, but don't want to muddy up the thread by going off topic. I'd be interested in a continuation. :)

}}

I would be interested in any advice you could give quality wise, always look to improve as I write other things outside of this website.

As for grammar and those mistakes I know that they are in there because I wrote this in maybe 30 minutes.

