Temperance : desperation (and more) in the colonies (17th) [Chap1]

Author: JeffreyStein

*000*2013-08-26 16:37

Hi guys !

I will post the following chapters of the All Day Girls (see chap 1&2 

$/16607-the-all-day-girls-part-1-and-2/

) later if some more people show their interest.

In the meantime, here is a little something I wrote a while ago -- english is not my first language, so it was more of an exercise at first but it turned to omorashi ! ^^

I was taken in a new research team a little while after that, so I never got myself to write Chapter 2, but maybe I will if ... Please tell me what you think !

===========

Turtle Island, October 1644

With only the feeble starlight, walking on the docks through the mist made Temperance nervous. Her pace kept accelerating, and soon it became even brisker than she thought possible. Cold was sending shivers down her spine but she knew she could not go faster without jeopardizing the poor balance alcohol induced. She passed by a man throwing up every ounce of liquid he had had in the night and her heart missed a beat when she twisted her ankle because of a slippery paving stone. Her squeaking out of surprise and pain was muffled by the mist but not enough. Four blokes she had not spotted at first were coming to her with small shining blades in their hands, and dark brown rum in their bellies. Adrenaline quenched the pain radiating from her foot but her bladder began to hurt seriously, reacting eventually to both fear and alcohol.

- Wel, wel ! Wot do wi hav’ herr boyz ?! Ain’t it a yung dov’ ?

- Please, no ! Back off ! Let me go !

- Uh! Wherr d’ya think ya goin’ ? T’night ya stey herr! Wit us!

Their ugly Caribbean accent made the situation even more unbearable for the poor girl, whose clothes were torn apart by two of the men while the others were watching with a salacious rictus floating on their lips. Her dress was torn to shreds and her underskirt alike when the first spurt of pee found his way through her labia. Fortunately the men did not see anything or fiercer violence might have been their gift for her weakness. Alas, when the first cold and sticky hand grasped her pussy through the lace, she could not hold a second and longer spurt. Temperance was shaking, her bladder hurting really badly, but fear sharpened her senses. Thanks to that, though rivulets of pee were still running down her legs, she noticed the trouble in the men’s eyes.

The men being in slight state of shock offered an opportunity to Temperance. She bit one man’s jaw and began running as fast as the alcohol agreed, but she did not make twenty yards before rushing into someone. It was not the drunkard but instead a tall woman wearing the most beautiful gala dress in all the Caribbean, beautiful but somehow marred. In spite of the night the eyes of the newcomer were a bright ice-blue and she was staring at Temperance. Slowly but steadily the creature reached for Temperance’s mouth and kissed her passionately, triggering a liquid fire inside her groin. And when their lips parted eventually, Temperance collapsed in a puddle of her own liquid gold, a blood pearl resting on her low lip.

Turtle Island, November 1644

When she opened her eyes again, Temperance was surrounded with darkness, but not a nightly darkness. It was something darker, deeper, like the darkness found in buildings never ever exposed to sunlight. Her nostrils stung when the musty smell of her fluids stroke her. For how long have I been here? Where am I?!

- Where art mine clooooothes?!!!?

She shouted, mostly because she wanted to be certain she was alive. And when her voice echoed in the room, returned to her, twice, thrice… she became fully aware of her body. Several things were wrong though. First, she needed to pee really badly. Second she was neither thirsty, nor hungry and … she did not even feel the effect of the hangover that should have hit her fiercely.

Suddenly she remembered the woman she met on the docks that night and the mere remembrance of her kiss summoned the same feelings in her groin. And a second later she was there, in the room, standing in front of Temperance, her blue eyes as mysterious as the first time.

- Your clothes … I threw them in the ocean as soon as they wer’st rotten.

Her voice was melodious but tinted with an old European accent Temperance did not know. Puzzled, the girl did not say a word but kept staring into the stranger’s eyes, fascinated. When the latter resume speaking, a hint of laughter beautified her tone.

- As for thy little discomfort down there, well, as you can smell, it was my pleasure to help you when thou wer’st asleep. But now that thou art awoken, thou hast to learn to control thyself and do not piss under thee.

But I am on the verge of letting go! This is what Temperance would have answered –or what her bladder would have answered since it was so achingly full...But something blocked her speech, and seemed to be choosing what she could say. As she was fighting with her throat and tongue to pronounce something, a preposterous thought stroke her. She was not looking the newcomer in the eyes, she was remembering it, because so far, her eyes have been closed!

The room was vast, candlelit and so beautiful…tens of tapestries hung on the wall, the beauty of which only outdone by that of the stranger. She was fully naked, wearing lipstick alone with a pair of crystal earrings. Temperance was wet and the heat in her groin tended to make her forget about the numerous twinges in her bladder –twinges her body did not forget though.

- Who…who art thou?

- Ush… doth it really matter? But well, I agree knowing my name might be useful. I have been called many different names, but Kalistria is the one I prefer.

And with that mysterious sentence, Kalistria went behind the chair where Temperance was bound. Slowly, she slid her hand on her body, caressing her firm breasts, pinching her nipples and giving Temperance pleasure, a pleasure full of lustful moans. Then she went down for her sides with airy fingers, tickling her and provoking the most delicious twinges in her overfull bladder. In the meantime, Temperance had forgotten the pungent smell of the room and was fully obsessed with Kalistria’s perfume and with her hands. It seemed to her as if she had no control over her body anymore. The body of her gentle persecutor was all that mattered to her, was all she desired. Except for something else… Her needing to pee always arose during sex and the soft hands of Kalistria were torturing her with ultimate accuracy.

- I…I…

- Ush…Tsstss

- But I nee’…

- No.

- Yeeeeeees…

Temperance voice was slowed by the pleasure Kalistria was giving her but her willpower was reduced by something she could not describe, as if one of those sirens sailors described every so often was in the room, tampering with her mind. But there were only the two of them, surrounded by candles and tapestries. Still, Temperance’s mind continued to play tricks on her and soon she felt water reaching her ankles and going quickly all the way up her bum. Lost in pleasure, the girl reacted only to Kalistria’s voice, a soft voice as before, but with an accent and a pronunciation she did not quite recognize –was it disapproval?

- You women from that old century ain’t even able to hold your waters when asked! Well then, I’ll be back in a month or two and see how you do!

Then she was gone, and the light with her. All was left in the room was a naked woman sat in a wet chair, and her ice-blue eyes were glowing in the dark …

