Tornado Series Omorashi stories by Ishigreen

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-03-15 04:50

%Tornado Episode 1.doc

%Tornado Episode 1.pdf

%Tornado Episode 1.xml

First is word doc

Second is pdf

Third is xml (web page reading)

Choose your favorite format to read my stories.

*002*2011-03-15 07:59

%Tornado.doc

%Tornado.xml

%Tornado.pdf

This is the second story with a tornado in it.

Think I'll keep using Susan unless someone gives me another name they'd like to have used.

*003*2011-03-16 11:39

There is a third one coming. Just taking time to get it done.

*004*2011-03-17 01:49

%Tornado Stories Ep 3.pdf

%Tornado stories Ep 3.doc

Poor Susan at the end of a week.

*005*2011-03-19 13:07

Susan, a young dark-blond McDonalds worker, walked to the front of the store to take her place at the cash register. It was obvious that though she had no experience with running a tender-box, the manager had wanted her in this position because she was a young lady with remarkable looks that would draw some of the guys in.

Steve, the manager with red hair, a beard that never really was allowed to fully grow in, and a wicked sense of humor, loved to put his girl employees into impossible situations whenever it was possible. Of course, it was not always possible to find a situation that wouldn't arouse suspicion, so he had to be careful to be sparing, and "natural" with setting the situation up.

Susan, a fifteen year old sophomore, was proud of getting her first job just yesterday, and starting it the very next day. She was dressed in the usual McDonald's woman's attire of a nice blue pinstriped shirt that was tucked into a navy blue skirt. Her head sported a paper cap with a hairnet to keep her hair where it belonged, and out of people's food. She watched her trainer carefully as the older woman showed her the keys for the different orders.

Susan picked up on running the tender-box very quickly, and she helped to grab foods for each bag. She worked for nearly two hours without making any serious blunders, and her trainer whispered to Steve that perhaps Susan was ready to try it on her own whenever they found a non-busy moment to giver her a chance.

After Susan had been there about two and a half hours, Steve let two men and one woman go home leaving only Susan and himself to run the front. in the back, there were still three workers, so there were five employees all together. Susan was happy to be given a chance to run the register herself, and she was careful to get the orders correct, and with her excellent memory, she was able to do very well.

Steve started helping out more in the back, and this left Susan in the front by herself, while one or two people filtered into the store here and there. Steve only wanted to go to the front when there was someone at the window, or if things got too much for the lone teenager because she was new.

Outside, Susan could see the clouds darkening though it was still mid-afternoon. The fresh smell of dew and rain filtered through the restaurant as the next customer opened the door to let in his small family. Susan smiled as cute as she could, and batted her eyes at the customers.

The man smiled and proceeded towards Susan's register as it was the only one open. His wife, a brunette, elbowed her husband, and he looked down wiping off his big grin. Susan bowed and struggled within herself as to whether she should apologize, but as they were happy to just order, it seemed like the situation would just pass. Susan was extra careful to get the order right, and she even put in a few extra fries when the manager wasn't looking so show that she appreciated them not making the flirting she was doing a big deal.

The man took his kids back to find a table, and the lady stayed there to take the lunch. She smiled at the girl, and acted as though nothing had been Susan's fault.

As Susan waited for the food put on her customer's tray, she watched the weather, and noted that it was now spitting rain at the window, and the luster of day was no brighter than dusk, though it should have been a very bright time of day. The winds were also picking up bending the grasses over and making the nearby pine trees sway.

Another customer entered the store as Susan started to feel a twinge in her bladder. She would have to ask for a break soon, but as she looked around, she realized she was the only one working the front. She politely took the second order, and finished preparing the first before she went to the back to find the manager working the fries.

"Excuse me, Steve?" She began. "Do I get a break soon?"

"Yeah, sure. I'm going to relieve you in about ten minutes."

"Okay, thanks."

Susan went back to the front of the store and packed the next customer's food in bags for him when suddenly, a dozen people entered the store. Susan was now, starting to wonder if she was going to be able to use the toilet any time soon. She looked longingly at the washrooms just to the left of her counter, but bared down on getting the next few orders.

Steve came out from the back and started helping her take orders.

Susan tried to catch his eye, but he was so busy, it was impossible to ask him to go to the bathroom without yelling it out for all to hear, so Susan continued working and taking orders. She was hoping it wouldn't take too long to get everyone satisfied so that Steve could give her a break.

This was perfect, Steve thought to himself hoping more people would come in. They did.

Susan looked at the crowds that were coming in, and she whimpered. She didn't know if she could wait that long, as the pangs in her sides were already telling her that the muscles were starting to tire of their burden. Susan bared down not wanting to make a bad impression on the first day of work. She continued taking orders, standing as straight as she could though she shifted a bit from foot to foot and rubbed her knees together when she walked.

Outside, the rains were getting heavier, and the sky started to flash a bit of silent light through the sky. The heavy sounds of pinging against the windows kept reminding Susan of her needs though she fought to keep her mind on getting everyone satisfied. She watched the lines work down... to twelve, to eight, and to six people. She was still able to hold it, and soon, she would be able to take her break.

Just as they were down to three people in line, and Susan tried to catch Steve's eye, two buses of high school teams pulled up, and all Susan could do was sigh. She was definitely not going anywhere for a long time, as Steve wouldn't be looking at her anytime soon. Still, it was getting too hard to wait, and she thought she should ask.

"Steve?" she tried to be polite. "You were going to give me a break a few minutes ago..."

"I know, but I can't do it right now, Susan. There are too many people to take care of right now."

" I know. I was just hoping I could quickly get to the..." she blushed not really wanting to finish that sentence, but feeling she might have to.

"I'm really sorry," Steve smiled at her, "But you just have to hold it. I don't have anyone to put on the front until four, and that's still another hour from now."

"Honestly? I can't go?"

"Look, Susan. As soon as I can let you go, I'll let you, okay?"

Susan knew she was trapped, and she went back to taking orders. She was now kind of bending at her waist and bouncing around when she was trying to pack the food in bags, and she stepped from foot to foot when she was taking orders, trying to smile, but very aware that her bladder was full, and her muscles were weak and threatening to just let the water out.

Susan was in the middle of packing yet another lunch bag of burgers when a sudden thunderclap broke the silent skies, and made everyone jump as the restaurant lights flickered momentarily. Susan felt a bit of pee, slip down her tubes, and jet a bit into her gray briefs that she wore under her nylon stockings.

Someone had turned the radio on as Steve and Susan continued serving customers, and there were now Thunderstorm watches and warnings in effect though Susan couldn't concentrate on where they were in effect as she was too busy trying to make the customers happy, and trying to keep her panties from getting any damper than they already were.

The winds outside the store blew at the windows rattling them against the brick walls. The rain pounded the windows and ground. Susan was reminded of water whenever she looked outside, and whenever she served customers as many of them ordered cokes and other fountain drinks. This was getting really hard to hold her bladder, and looking at the line, it seemed to hardly move at all. Tears came to her eyes.

Susan struggled for nearly ten minutes with the next little leak on the verge of threatening her panties, though it kept stopping just before it could get out. Susan's face burned in embarrassment as it started to become hard to walk without wetting, and she had silent tears starting down her cheeks even though she was still keeping her panties dry despite the first little leak about ten minutes earlier.

A younger boy pointed at the way she was moving and told his mom that "that girl had to pee."

The boy's mom just smiled and shooed him towards a table to eat.

Susan finally felt a little second bit snake down her tubes and press against her hole so hard, that a little leak sprang for about five or six seconds. It was a very little leak and it happened so quick, that it only further dampened her panties making them stick to her now sticky crotch and bottom, but it didn't get show anything going down her stockings or on the floor. She knew she wasn't going to last much longer.

Suddenly, their county was mentioned as being affected by a tornado watch, when out the window in the distance, Steve pointed to the blackening cloud that rose into the air. The employees and customers ran across the street to the public offices for the city where they had shelters. Susan was now, no longer worried about finding a toilet, though she was sure she was going to wet herself very soon. She was more interested in getting to safety no matter who saw her pee her pants.

*007*2011-03-20 03:54

{{:

It is very interesting that the story cut off before the wetting - a novel approach, I must say. The story is very well written, though, and there is nothing to upset the Grammar/Spelling Nazi in me.

}}

If I leave it somewhat open, it allows the reader to use their imaginations to play with what they want to happen, though I won't leave it quite so (dry) every time I write, I do like the idea of not completing the story, but letting the reader complete it for himself so that he really feels like he can imagine what he wants.

*009*2011-03-22 06:17

It may be a little rushed towards the end... and the desperation is not really focused on, but there are a couple of wettings.

Testing

By Ishigreen

Brenda, a brunette with a generous amount of light freckles around the nose and neck, her hair tied in braids, walked into her bedroom where she glanced around had her half-made bed, her desk cluttered with old work and assignments, and her dresser with one white drawer cracked open because a sweater sleeve stuck up a bit. She sighed.

The day couldn’t possibly be any worse, she thought to herself. The teachers told them that they had tests all week the next week, and not one teacher hesitated to tell them how important the testing week was, and to keep healthy so they could take their finals. On top of that, both of her best friends were home with the flu, and she had a mountain of homework. The last straw, was when she found that Brian had been two timing her with Elsie.

She let the bag slump to the floor and then fell prone upon her bed. Her lavender blouse was sweaty and wrinkled with the unpleasant stink of the horrible day caked to it. Her skirt was just as wrinkled and had a rather large stain in the back that went under her bottom. It had not been a good day.

As Brenda lay there, her braids showing their wear as several loose strands were in her face, heavy footsteps approached her door. No one walked that heavily in her house except her old man. She pushed herself into a sitting position as he cracked the door open.

“Are you decent?” he asked through the crack.

“Yes sir,” Brenda tried to hide her depression through a fake smile and a brightened high pitched playful voice.

“Are you okay?” he asked her a little concerned.

“Why wouldn’t I be?” she asked him back hoping he would drop it.

“Well, it’s not like you to traipse through the living room without saying a word to the old man,” he continued to look past her disguise of happiness. “Something must have you upset.”

Brenda looked down at her lap. She has never really lied to her old man before, and she knew that if she kept up the façade, it would be the same as lying.

“Well, it’s just all the stress, I think,” she replied. “You see, we have finals next week, and I had kind of a hard day.”

“So I’ve heard,” he whispered as he came closed to sit on her bed with her.

Brenda pulled back away from him trying to give herself some space between them. She hoped her dad couldn’t smell her because she was hiding something very shameful, and she really wasn’t up to finding out what her dad would do when he found out.

“I heard from your teacher that you had an accident in one of your classes,” he said as though it were nothing.

Brenda’s jaw dropped, tears swam to her eyes, and she started thinking of every excuse she could, many thoughts flooding her brain with their own ideas.

“Don’t worry about explaining it, sweetie,” he softly whispered to his fifteen year old high school girl. “Things like that happen sometimes. I just want you to go clean yourself up and then come and talk to daddy, okay?”

Brenda nodded, not knowing if she should be jubilant over his non-reaction, or if she should be worried that he hadn’t taken the time to assault her about her age and her stupidity of not making it to the bathroom before class started.

Brenda stood up, the back of her skirt clearly showing the stain from her mess, and she went to the dresser to fetch out some clean things while her dad watched.

The middle of her skirt was still damp, and her dad could see that she had intended to wear the skirt until it dried hoping to keep from getting in trouble, and that made him smile.

Brenda finally fished out the necessary things she needed to change, and she walked past her dad and out of her bedroom towards the bathroom down the hall. To one side of the hall, she saw her mother standing at the bottom of the stairs staring up towards her.

“Hey mom,” she waved before making her way to the bathroom for her bath.

In the bathroom, Brenda put her clean clothes on the toilet lid to keep them dry, and she pulled out her hair ribbons so she could wash her hair.

She reached over the tub, and put the plug in and started some water for her bath. She reached for the pink bubbles bottle and poured a generous amount into the filling tub.

The tub starting to fill, she sighed and started to unbutton her blouse. The smell from her body was even worse as she came close to pulling the blouse off of herself, and it was obvious that she smelled like a pee factory.

Brenda had tears come to her eyes as she realized that there was no way anyone had not noticed her smell, though her skirt felt almost dry by now. She flung the offensive blouse away from her at the door and pulled the bra apart to ditch in the same manner.

The tub continued to fill at a regular pace, now with bubbles making it seem like glace on cake.

Brenda pulled at her skirt until it came down her thicker than average, but somewhat shapely legs to fall to the floor, and the worse offensive object on her, sat on her hips still caked in dried pee and smelling like a musty rat had crawled up her panties and died.

She pulled them down, the fumes and the emotion of the wetting finally catching up to her, and tears slid down her face. She flung them as hard as she could at the bathroom door, but they only make it halfway there before some unseen air caught them in mid-flight and brought them down only halfway there.

Brenda sighed and climbed into the tub, which was nearly full. She turned off the taps and relaxed in the warm water, and started to drift in thought. The warm water was nice.

Outside, storm clouds gathered around the house and rain started to fall on the windows in little spurts of spit.

Oblivious to the stirring storm outside, Brenda went to a faraway happy place, imagining the tops of white clouds full of puffy cotton candy and jolly people laughing and playing around. She rested for nearly ten minutes in the tub, but in her dream world, hours seemed to pass, and she was soon unconcerned with Brian or tests or even of the wet clothes just feet from her physical position.

A sudden urgent knock at the bathroom door startled her.

“Brenda, you need to come out of there soon,” her mother called.

“Why? You can come in,” she responded knowing she hadn’t locked the door.

“It’s not that,” her mom opened the door. “They say we are having severe weather and are advising us to be alert and to not be in large bodies of water like baths at the moment.”

“Oh, okay,” Brenda sighed as she stepped out the water revealing her forming breasts which were already nearly too big for a b-fit bra. She reached for a towel on the towel rack as her mother closed the door for her.

“I’ll have dinner for you when you come down,” her mom called as she walked away.

“Okay mom,” Brenda called happily.

She dried herself head to foot, placed some house clothes on which did not include a bra, and then walked downstairs to join her parents.

The Television started making an urgent warning sound, so the three of them ran into the living room to see what was going on.

“We have spotted several twisters in the … county… near….”

The television wasn’t making much since as it cut out too many words to understand. Then they heard a roaring from outside that was beyond anything natural, and looking out the window, what seemed like it was in the distance, a swirling cyclone was stirring across the ground.

Brenda looked at it in surprise as did her parents for several moments, when the windows seemed to make noise from shaking and woke them all from their shock.

“Quick, to the basement,” Brenda’s dad yelled though Brenda only hear it as a far off echo.

The three of them ran through the house, several objects swaying through the wind, and the walls breathing in and out heavily. Lights winked out, and a thunderous roar shook the ground.

Brenda jumped as the thunder cracked, the light seemed to pass through the tunnel-dark house like a flash of a ghost, and she felt herself wiz for a second, before her muscles contracted stopping the flow.

The three of them ran down the stairs, a second thunder surprising her mother, and her mother held herself, and there was no hiding it, her mother had just had an instant that Brenda had had. She was probably a little damp in her panties just as Brenda was, and most likely, her dad too though he showed no sign of it.

The made it to the safest corner in the basement and waited. Dad had the radio on, but the wind seemed to distort the messages making it hard to listen to. The winds around them shook the house overhead, causing many items to fall with a crash to the floor. There was almost like a ghost like feeling that was trying to pull her soul up out of her body, but her physical body was still anchored down by her heavy dad’s weight as he grasped the pipe sticking out the wall, and laid heavily over both his daughter and his wife.

With all his pressure on her, there was no way to squirm or get in position to stop herself, and she felt a little pee starting to snake out of her pee hole, through her panties, and down her legs probably wetting her dad too.

There was nothing she could do, and once her panties were nearly half wet, she sighed and gave up, letting the real flood out. In moments, her dad and mom realized what she was doing, and yelled something she couldn’t hear over the roar of the wind.

When the winds finally died down, the ground floor and above were covering the basement. They could not see out, and Brenda was finally able to sit up, her face in her hands, very red and crying for fear and embarrassment. But she needed have cried so hard.

She had been so worried about what they would think of her, she had not looked over at her mom. Her mom, was just sitting there shocked. Her pants…were...not…dry.

*012*2011-04-04 10:31

Ruth’s Stormy Night

By Shane Green

Tornado 5.pdf

Outside, one late Thursday evening, the cloudy sky began to assault the neighborhood of late sleeping residents with howling winds and spitting droplets of rain. Time slipped lazily by as one by one, all of the lights in the neighborhood retired for the night. Soon, only one house had two lights glowing from its windows.

Inside one of those windows, a teenager with golden-blond honey hair, green eyes, and pink pajamas lay prone upon her pink quilted bed, poking at the keys of her keyboard as though busy with some homework assignment.

“I just finished an English assignment,” Ruth had typed back to her omorashi friend who was on as late as she was. She had never met this person, but he claimed to be a man much older than herself, and she claimed to be girl in college.

Suddenly, from outside her window, a sounds that caused the air and ground to rumble exploded in the distance, and she came in tuned to the increasing strength of the howling winds from her rattling window.

Ruth was used to these spring storms, and she just ignored it. How many times had she been in a thunderstorm, where watches were issued, strong winds swayed trees, and still nothing happened to her neighborhood? She wasn’t easily spooked.

The driving rain against her window, however, did remind her that she visiting the toilet soon might be a good idea, but looking at the counter clock at the bottom of her screen, she decided she wasn’t ready to go just yet. Leaving her bedroom would alert her dad, who was still in the living room that she was still awake at one in the morning, and she knew that even if he wasn’t displeased, he would tell her to go to bed.

“What’s going on there?” the chatter asked her yet again.

“It’s raining hard,” she typed a response. “I think it could rain all night by the sound of this storm.”

Ruth crossed her legs, grabbed a pillow, and readjusted herself to get comfortable. The pressure was now nagging her, but she was still confident that she had a few more minutes before she absolutely had to go.

Outside, the rains continued pounding at the streets, the houses, and the trees, the winds pushing anything not nailed down, and thunderous noises exploded in the sky as streaks of light flashed against the dark skies.

“Time to go,” Ruth finally typed to her friend. She decided that not only was her bladder bugging her, but if she wanted to keep her math teacher from yelling at her, she had to get some sleep now so she wouldn’t fall asleep in his class the next day.

As she sat up, pulling the computer towards her to turn off and put aside, she suddenly felt a bit of spasm that allowed a little splutter of urine to escape, and she looked down at her pink pajama bottoms and the bed noticing a little patch of wetness that had escaped before she could cut the flow.

Ruth headed straight out the door, looked to the left, and heard her mother’s soft sleeping noises from one of the rooms with the door cracked open, then darted into the bathroom in front of her. She was just about to lock it when her dad ran suddenly from the living room towards the front door.

Ruth couldn’t help her curiosity, to hear her dad suddenly bolt out the door, and she unlocked the bathroom door without yet going, and she ran towards the open door to meet her dad.

“You heard it?” her dad asked her assuming she just woke up.

“Yeah,” Ruth tried to keep a steady face, though her bladder was throbbing now.

They looked up into the night together, and above them, turning clockwise on the bottom, and counter-clockwise on top, was a huge preparing funnel cloud. It seemed to move in slow motion, though the bottom half was quickly dropping towards the ground.

“Quick, get your…” her dad started.

But the cloud changed directions at the last moment, and they saw it snack away from their house, and thought the top was still hovering over it, and the tail wound through the night towards a street many blocks from them.

Ruth, now shaking with fear for the first time, and her dad, his hands shaking just as rapidly, ran into the house to wake the rest of the family. The started towards the basement, when the sky above them suddenly began to lighten, and the stars started winking back into view.

Ruth, standing outside in the night in her light pink pajamas with already a small wet patch at her growing, her mom and sister, just behind her, and her dad just ahead, groping for the cellar door to open it, all paused as the winds suddenly died down.

The rain continued to pour outside, and the lightning continued to flash her and there, but the dark clouds were suddenly gone, and the winds were silent.

Ruth felt a little more splatter into her panties, as she finally remembered, after the fear had caused her to tense and forget, that she really needed to get to the bathroom. She ran inside the house, racing past her mom and sister as a small spurt slipped out, snaked down her left leg, and left a few droplets on the floor.

She ran through the bathroom door, locked it, and the rest of the family went back in to settle for the now, quiet night.

