Just Let it Out ch1 - Page 5

Author: SashaButters

*102*2015-10-04 19:32

{{: 

Finally finished reading this, and I must say it's one of the better fanfictions I've read for certain! I know barely anything about Pokémon, but the way that things are done in this story makes it easy to follow and incredibly sweet as is. I can say that I loved the story; every last bit of it, without any real knowledge being required for Pokémon itself, because the writing and sheer depth to the story is just... superb.

All I can say is, great job. The twists and sudden turns that the plot had in so many areas were mind boggling and I was intrigued to see where you'd take the story next at every passing moment. Great job, once again, and I hope you continue writing things in the future, because you really do have a skill in doing so.

}}

Wow thank you so much! That really means a lot to me. I do plan to re-write it in the future, take some parts out, add some stuff, since I know what direction I'd take it in vs. just writing and see what i'd come up with. I'm writing a commission right now, with DawnXSerena that is going to have a cameo appearance :D

*104*2015-10-14 04:23

One Month After the Car Accident

Anna rested her head against her fist while she was pushed in the wheelchair into the busy pokemon center, willing the ground to open up and swallow her. She could feel every curious head turn and gawk at her, but nothing an intimidating glare their way couldn’t fix. She breathed a sigh of relief once she reached the quiet confines of the elevator and stared at her reflection in the metal doors. Her once long hazel hair had been shaved in order to staple her head back together. Now all that was left was a scar running over her right ear towards her forehead. She hoped her hair would hurry up and grow back; she didn’t much care to look like a cancer patient. She frowned as she ran her hand over the short stubble that grew everywhere except where she wanted it to the most. She lightly traced her fingers over the staples before feeling her hand get smacked.

“Don’t touch,” Nurse Joy, her aunt- well actually her biological mother- said. The two had a mutual understanding. Anna had been given to Nurse Joy’s sister as soon as she was born. Her aunt was her mother and her mother was her aunt. It didn’t bother Anna; everyone had their reasons for doing things she figured. But now the woman who had raised her was dead along with her little sister and her father had kicked her out for unknown reasons. The woman, who she had referred to as her aunt, her biological mother, had offered to take her in.

That was all good and well, but her aunt was Nurse Joy of Cerulean City, and so the 14 year old had been shipped across Kanto to live at the Pokemon Center. She had never left home before, pokemon training wasn’t really her thing, and instead she’d usually busy herself at the daycare watching the kids of her father’s company at Silph Co.

“Well the nice part about living in a Pokemon Center is there’s a hospital in the top floor. Once your casts come off next month, you can just go upstairs for physical therapy and you’ll be walking again in no time.” Nurse Joy said wheeling her down the hall.

Anna simply sighed at that statement. She thought she would be recovering in the privacy of her own home and that her father would simply hire someone to look after her. She should have noticed something was wrong the moment he had left her alone in that hospital for a month. Not like she wasn’t used to being ignored by him and he did have a lot to deal with- what with running a major company and all while dealing with the death of his wife and daughter- but he didn’t even come and see her. Not even once. Or call.

One day- that’s all she got to be home for. It was her mother and sisters funeral. Next thing she knew a car was waiting for her with a bag of her clothes and directions to take her anywhere she wanted to go- anywhere but back home.

“Everything all right? You’ve hardly said a word.” Nurse Joy said stopping in front of a brown door and pulling out a key card.

“Can I have a shower?” Anna mumbled shifting uncomfortably in the wheelchair as her wet, and thankfully black dress, clung uncomfortably to her skin.

“Not until the casts come off.” Nurse Joy answered slipping the key card into the slot and opening the door. “Here we are; this will be your room.” She announced as Anna frowned and looked around the small and plain bedroom with nothing but a bed. “Do you need some help getting into bed, dear?” Anna pushed with all her might against the arm rests of the wheelchair as she leaned forward, but soon let herself fall back into the chair in defeat.

“It’s okay, let me help you.” Nurse Joy said taking one of the girl’s hands and put her arm around her waist before retracting. Anna turned her face away in embarrassment as she stared at the wall. “You’re wet.” Nurse Joy stated with a frown while Anna simply remained quiet. “Did you have an accident on the way over here?” She asked softly after an awkward moment of silence as a single tear rolled down Anna’s face to answer her question. “It’s okay, dear, no wonder you wanted a shower.” She said patting the girl’s shoulder. Anna simply nodded and avoided eye contact while another tear made its way down her face.

“Don’t worry, we’ll get you all sorted out, sweetie. Let me just go grab a few things.” Nurse Joy said leaving Anna alone in the room. She sighed in disgust with herself as she rested her head in her palm remembering the trip over here.

She was alone with a male driver as she squirmed as much as she could in the back seat tightly clutching herself with a handful of her dress pushed against herself. It had come with little warning. One minute it had been nothing but a mere inkling in the back of her mind and the next she was doing everything she possibly could to hold on.

“C-can we stop somewhere?” She asked breaking the long silence in the car.

“We just stopped ten minutes ago.” He said sounding annoyed as he observed her situation in the rear view mirror. “Why didn’t you go then?”

“It’s not like I can just get up and walk to the bathroom.” She replied. “I didn’t have to go then.” She added barely above a whisper.

“Well sor-ry, I wasn’t aware I had a small child who needed to be reminded to go potty.” He said sarcastically. He had been in a foul mood as soon as he learned he had to drive her halfway across the region and he was her least favorite driver to begin with. “Spoiled brat.” He mumbled to himself.

“Please?” She had practically begged before he had reluctantly agreed. He pulled into the closest gas station with Anna practically hopping up and down in her seat.

“There.” He said sounding annoyed once he had finally managed to get her into her wheelchair. She pushed at the wheels for all she was worth as she slowly inched her way inside before her bladder had emptied before she had made it even half way into the store.

…………….

Anna’s eyes widened as she realized she needed to go again. Great, she thought wheeling herself around the room. No bathroom. She’d have to wait for her aunt anyway; she couldn’t get from the chair to the toilet by herself.

“Would’ve wet myself anyway.” She realized thinking back. Even if she had gotten inside the bathroom on time, she couldn’t get out of her chair. She bent her knees together, but the casts on both legs kept her from completely closing them. She clicked her fingers on the armrests of the chair before being forced to grab herself. Why was this coming on so fast? She thought quietly moaning. It had happened yesterday too, but her caretaker Olga had always been there to help her to the bathroom on time.

“Helen!” She yelled as her aunt came back carrying a basin of water and some washcloths a few seconds later.

“Everything all rig- Oh.” She said seeing Anna’s troubled face and position. “Can you wait a few minutes until I bring a commode down from the hospital?” She asked as Anna quickly shook her head with wide eyes full of worry and panic. “Why didn’t you say anything sooner?”

“Didn’t have to until a few minutes ago!” Anna whimpered holding herself. “Same as before!”

“Did you have a catheter in the hospital?” Nurse Joy asked as Anna nodded while squirming in the chair. “Mmm, that’s the problem.” She said clicking her tongue.

“Please take me to the bathroom!” Anna begged as her bladder ached in protest.

“The closest bathroom is down in the crowded lobby, sweetie. I don’t think you’ll make it. “ She said patting her shoulders. “I don’t want to bring you down in front of everyone and embarrass you in case you have another accident.”

“Then what am I supposed to do!?” Anna whimpered.

“Well, honey, ” She said softly patting her shoulders before grabbing a towel out of the cupboard. “If you absolutely can’t wait another ten minutes, which doesn’t look like it, for me to bring down the necessary equipment.” she said wrapping a towel around her casted legs.

“No, please” Anna said as her eyes watered again with fresh tears.

“Honey, it’s okay, you’re already wet.” She said softly standing back up and began rubbing her nieces shoulders. “Go ahead and pee and I’ll help you clean up just like I was already going to do.”

“I’m sorry,” Anna said between sobs as she covered her eyes with her hands and relaxed as she began feeling warm liquid pool around her butt.

“Shh, that’s it.” Nurse Joy said feeling the fight leave her niece’s body. “Your bladder’s just weak from having a catheter for so long, that’s all.” She explained over the teenager’s sobs. “Are you all done?”

Anna nodded her head once she felt the last remnants empty out onto the wheelchair. She stayed quiet except for the occasional sob as Nurse Joy helped her out of her dress and soaked underwear. After retrieving another towel and laying it across the bed, Nurse Joy helped scoot her onto the makeshift-changing mat.

“There we go.” She said as Anna winced in pain as she was laid back. “I’ll bring up some pain meds in a bit.”

“Thanks, Helen.” Anna mumbled reaching out for a washcloth as Nurse Joy approached carrying the basin of warm water. “Err, what should I call you?”

“You can call me whatever you’re most comfortable with, but please call me Nurse Joy around the others.” She said wringing out a washcloth and wiping the girl down as Anna blushed while her intimate areas were cleaned for her. “Relax, Anna, don’t you want to get washed up?”

“Sorry,” Anna said letting her finish until she found a hand helping her sit up. “What are you doing?” She squeaked out when she felt hands unclasping her bra.

“Helping you get washed up, dear, or did you have a plan for washing your own back?” Nurse Joy asked teasing her niece as she unclasped the hooks and pulled the girl’s bra off. Anna mumbled something incoherent, crossing her arms over her chest while Nurse Joy prepped a new washcloth and gently scrubbed Anna’s back shoulders, and arms. She smiled seeing the girl’s closed eyes and now relaxed face. “Feel good?”

“Yeah, thank you.” Anna mumbled as Nurse Joy slid off the teenager’s glasses and wiped down her face and head before nonchalantly wiping the girl’s chest. “You don’t have to do all this.” Anna said blushing.

“I’m a nurse; it’s my job.”

“Don’t you just heal pokemon?” Anna said doubtfully.

“And look after sick and hurt trainers.” She said going through Anna’s bag, pulling out a T-shirt and helping her into it. “You’re family, Anna, I’m not going to leave you in a room to fend for yourself with two broken legs and a head injury. I’ll be right back, I’m going to go get a few things to finish getting you ready for bed.” She said before leaving the room and coming back a few minutes later with a tote bag and another girl in tow as Anna quickly covered her bottom half. “Can you put that by the bed, please?” Nurse Joy asked as the other girl pushed a bucket and walker combination towards Anna before leaving and closing the door behind her.

“What’s that?” Anna asked as Nurse Joy pushed it towards her and opened the lid.

“You didn’t use this in the hospital?” She asked as Anna shook her head. “Well, I want to see if you can get on and off by yourself or if you need help.” She said standing by and observing as Anna tried to maneuver herself. “You’re shaky, are you all right?”

“Still get a little lightheaded when I move.” Anna admitted as she let her aunt help her get on and sit. “I’m on!” Anna panted resting her head against the arm grip for a moment waiting for her next instructions.

“Do you not have to go?” Nurse Joy asked as Anna looked up waiting to be told what to do. “I want you to try, honey, since you’re having some problems.”

“O-oh,” Anna said with a blush as she realized what it was. “I thought you were just moving me on a chair.”

“I also want to make sure you don’t have an infection so I need to collect a urine sample.” Nurse Joy explained picking up the towel off the ground and cleaning off the seat of the wheelchair.

“Oh.” Anna said blushing. “Well, I-I need to, umm, go to the bathroom.”

“Go ahead, sweetie, you’re sitting on it after all.”

“But, umm, I-I need to...”

“Speak up, honey, I don’t understand the problem.” Nurse Joy said staring at the blushing girl. “Oh, did you need to move your bowels?”

“If that’s what you want to call it.” Anna mumbled red faced.

“Well go right ahead, honey, I’ll just get a sample from you tomorrow, I just wanted to make sure you went before I get you ready for bed.”

“Oh,” Anna said disappointed she was expected to do that in this…in front of her aunt she barely knew as well. It was better than what they made her do in the hospital she supposed as she closed her eyes pushed, wishing her aunt would stop trying to make small talk while she did this. “Umm, I’m done.” Anna said awkwardly as a blurry figure approached and helped her back into bed on something oddly soft. “Ahh, that’s cold!” she moaned feeling something wiping her butt and front. That’s not ok, she thought, personal space! Next she felt her aunts’ hands massaging her butt and front with her fingers with something cold. “Umm,” Anna said at the intrusion.

“Sorry, hun, you’ve got a bit of a rash from sitting in those wet clothes for so long. This will help you’re skin not get so irritated next time.” She explained before she began spreading talcum powder.

“Wait, are you diapering me?” Anna said in a panic trying to sit up. “Why are you putting me in a diaper if you just brought me a toilet on wheels?”

“Lay back down, Anna.” Nurse Joy ordered as she began adjusting the tapes. “You can’t get on and off of it by yourself, what are you going to do if you have to go in the middle of the night?”

“Press the call bu- Oh,” Anna said realizing this wasn’t the hospital.

“Also, given the length if time you were catheterized, it might be a while until you regain night time control.” Nurse Joy said zipping up her tote bag and setting it on the closed bucket lid before sitting on the edge of the bed. Anna sighed in defeat as she wiggled a bit in the padding. “How are you doing with everything?” Nurse Joy asked.

“I’m 14, in a diaper and can’t walk.” Anna said shrugging.

“That’s not what I’m talking about, honey.” Nurse Joy said putting her hand on her nieces shoulder.

“I-I…” Anna said trying to keep herself together. “I really miss…” She said choking on her words.

“Say it, honey.” Nurse Joy said softly.

“I miss my mom and sister.” She said feeling tears falling down her face as Nurse Joy wrapped her arms around her and rocked her.

“That’s it, get it out, Anna.” Nurse Joy said rubbing her back.

“I keep having nightmares about the crash.” She cried into the woman’s chest. “My dad got rid of me, and sent me to live with you, but I barely remember you! We were getting away! We were getting away from him and starting over!”

“I know honey, but you can start over here.” Nurse Joy said. “We’ll get you all healed up and you can make a new life here.”

“I just miss my mom and Izzy so much!” She cried and cried until she could no longer breathe as she let her aunt hold her against her chest and rock her.

“Do you feel better now?” Nurse Joy asked once her constant wails and sobs turned into mere sniffles 20 minutes later.

“Sorry,” Anna mumbled pulling away.

“It’s okay, honey,” Nurse Joy said leaning forward and lightly kissing her fuzzy head. “I’ll be here if you ever need anything.” She explained looking into her nieces blood shot eyes. “How about I give you some pain meds and call it a night?” She suggested handing her a couple white pills and small cup of water. “You need anything else before I let you get some sleep?”

“No thanks.” Anna said after swallowing the pain pills and lying back down.

“Good night, Anna, we’re glad to have you here. I’m sorry they’re under such circumstances.” Nurse Joy said before smiling sympathetically and flicking off the light.

