The chemistry class

Author: Flush

*000*2011-01-19 21:45

I started this story as an "experiment", hoping to write a short, VERY traditional fiction story, just to test my "English skills" a bit more, and to test what your reaction to my "writing style" would be. But well, I should have known better; short stories aren't the thing for me and I got dragged along again!

So it's a very traditional (almost uninspiring?) plot; 3 girls sitting in class, needing to pee... I hope you enjoy reading it nonetheless.

THE CHEMISTRY CLASS

This particular event took place about 3 years ago, on a warm spring Friday. The school bell rang for the second time, lunch time was over, and we were all sitting in the chemistry classroom, waiting for the class to start. The teacher, Mr. Wilkenburg, was taking his notes out of his briefcase; he was surprising us by giving an unannounced test. Mr. Wilkenburg was about fifty years old. He was a nice man, a good teacher, but he was stubborn and had his principles. He treated anyone with respect, as long as that someone didn't mess around with him.

Mr. Wilkenburg mentioned something about some people not being in his class; indeed, three seats were empty; two seats in front of me, and the seat next to me. Serena, Jenny and Vanessa were missing, and I wondered if they were going to skip class. I hoped not, because I knew they needed a good score - missing a test wouldn't be good for their results. Jenny, who was sitting next to me, particularly needed the extra points. She was a smart girl, but she had been sick the first three weeks of school, and she had a lot of catching up to do.

Just as the teacher wanted to hand out the test, the door opened, and in came the three girls, giggling. Their laughter subsided as they saw Mr. Wilkenburg already standing in front of class, and they all went to their seats. Serena and Vanessa unpacked their bags, and turned their heads to Jenny. I couldn't help to overhear their conversation; Jenny was right next to me, and they weren't really keeping their voice down either.

"I told you that we should have left that bar sooner!"

"Yeah, but it could be worse; the class didn't even start yet."

"True, we made it in time. Although, I wish we had visited the bathroom before we came in."

"Serena, you know we didn't have the time!"

"I know, it's just that I have to pee now, that fifth beer is really hitting my bladder!"

"Don't tell me about it! I have to..."

Their chat was interrupted by Mr. Wilkenburg, who smashed his papers on Serena's and Vanessa's desk. Both girls turned around, and directly looked at the teachers face. Obviously, he wasn't very happy.

"So you kids decided to come to my class three minutes late, without an excuse. Then, you act like nothing is wrong, and after that, you disturb my class with some gibberish gabberish blah blah blah?"

Mr. Wilkenburg shook his head, and raised his voice.

"Well, I've got a surprise for you, and it's a shiny new quiz. If I hear another word from you three youngsters, I'll fail you for this test. Do you understand?"

Serena and Vanessa nodded, and Mr. Wilkenburg turned back around.

"Ok class, I give you all thirty minutes, you better start working!"

The class went absolutely quiet. I examined the paper, and it was printed front and back; it did seem like a lot of work. Fortunately I had studied on the subject yesterday; Mr. Wilkenburg always gave unannounced tests, and I had prepared. The questions didn't seem that hard, it was certainly doable. But my mind was distracted by the girls' conversation; did Serena really have to pee? Meh, it was probably nothing, girls say they have to pee all the time. Although, I knew that beer was going straight to your body, and five beers wasn't a little. I tried to get the thought out of my mind, and wrote down the first answer.

Ten minutes passed and I was in the middle of my test; I would definitely make it. I was paying less attention to my papers though; Serena's movements were distracting me from work. Her shoulders were constantly moving from left to right, and she was shifting on her seat. I could literally hear her breathe, and her respiration was trembling. So she had told the truth; she really had to pee. I glanced at her papers, and I saw that she was in the middle of the front of her examination. Her natural need was diverting her from her test, I guess. She was biting on the tip of her ballpoint pen, and her left arm was below the desk. I was behind her, so I couldn't see what her hand was doing there, but I think she was holding herself.

Her shoe was tapping on the foot railing of her stool, and she was wiggling with her legs. Serena probably had to make an effort to keep her bladder shut, so that she could work on her test.

I felt my cock grow in my boxers, but I still had half of a test to complete, so I turned my paper and started reading again.

I was keeping half an eye on Serena though, so I immediately noticed that she raised her hand, two minutes later, while still keeping her left hand between her legs.

"Yes, Serena?"

"Can I go to the toilet, sir?"

"Sure you can, but after you finish your test."

"But..." Serena doubted. "I really need to go, can't I go now?"

"You can go as soon as you hand in your papers. You understand that I can't let you go before; what if you hid your notes in the bathroom, and go take a look at them now? I'm sorry Serena, but I can't take that risk."

Serena sighed, crossed her legs and started bouncing in her seat. Was that just to make it more obvious to the teacher that she had to go, or was that movement necessary to hold her pee inside her? I'm not sure. She wrote down something, and her hand slipped between her legs again. For the next three minutes, she didn't write down anything, she just sat in her seat, bouncing up and down. She wasn't the only one who couldn't sit still, though. Vanessa was also waving with her thighs, and Jenny had her legs tightly crossed. Could it be that they all needed to urinate? It was certainly possible; five beers could fill up a poor girl's bladder in no time.

But Serena needed relief the most. She wrote something down, scratched her words, and bit on her pen again. I knew what her problem was; her bladder was demanding her attention, and she couldn't think straight anymore. I'm sure she was desperately thinking about the bathroom at the moment, but she also probably realised what was at stake - if she failed for this test, there was a big chance that she would fail for the class too, and that was a risk she couldn't take.

I saw that she was trying to concentrate on the test, but I knew that she couldn't think straight anymore. Serena wrote an answer down, almost unreadable and probably wrong, and shoved off her seat. Her pen was ticking on her desktop, and she was doing a small pee-pee dance behind her desk. The teacher couldn't see that she was standing up, because the desk was secluded, but I could see her, right under my nose, moving with her ass, and pressing her hand onto her crotch. She wrote another thing down, dropped her pen, and pushed her right hand also between her legs.

She grabbed her paper, and rushed to the front of the class. The backside of her test was still empty, and I'm sure the front wasn't perfect either - she would probably fail. I suppose she realised she couldn't finish the test AND keep her panties dry. She closed the door with a big slam, and started running to the bathroom. I don't know what happened next, but my imagination was running wild. All I know is that five minutes later, she silently entered the classroom again, completely dry. Serena had made it.

Moments later I finished my test. I glanced at my watch; five more minutes left. Vanessa was still bouncing in her chair, but since I had a much better view at Jenny's legs, I forgot about Vanessa and started gazing at the pretty girl who was sitting right next to me. Yes, Jenny was a pretty girl - I would even say she was the hottest girl of our class, but my image of Jenny was probably influenced by the feelings I had for her.

Her legs were still tightly crossed, but the rest of her body was also making small movements; I could tell that she had trouble sitting still by now, and her situation would only get worse. She was writing her answers down with her right hand, and her left hand was squeezed between her thighs. She was wearing my favourite clothing of her; a short tight blue skirt that covered half of her upper leg, and a flimsy white top. I could see the lines of her bra trough the delicate fabric, and the top didn't conceal the shape of her breasts either. I couldn't help to notice again that Jenny had a great looking bosom - considering her thin figure, the size of her breasts was rather large.

Jenny was writing down an awful lot of words and she had two more questions to go; she could certainly do this in five minutes. She seemed determined to finish her test no matter how full her bladder was; her increasing pee need slowed her down, but it didn't stop her. I could see that she had studied too - her answers were very detailed and correct. Her skirt was ridden up because of all the shuffling with her butt, and I could see a little more leg than usual. I tried to gaze at her legs as discretely as possible and I hoped the teacher wouldn't notice.

I had always found the image of a girl, desperately squirming in need for a pee very sexy, and now it was happening right next to me. Even better; the girl involved was one of the prettiest girls I knew! I felt my cock pressing against my jeans, and I tried not to get too excited. I felt sorry for the fact that I enjoyed Jenny's suffering, after all she was a good friend of mine and I didn't want her to hurt herself. But I just couldn't help it; the image of a girl wriggling, desperately trying to hold her pee back, was too exciting.

Jenny finished the last question but one, and put her pen down. I saw her staring at the closed class door, and I wondered what went trough her mind right now. How desperate was she really? Could she last until the end of the test, or was she too close to wetting herself? But it was just one more question! What she going to run to the bathroom, or would she wait?

I assume that she was asking herself the same questions, and I assume that she wasn't sure either. Jenny sighed, and I saw her hand slowly sliding up her leg, touching her private parts with her fingers. My heart raced, and I noticed how my cock grew a centimetre, making a notable bulge in my pants. I hoped no-one would notice, but I couldn't stop staring at Jenny. Her arm lifted her skirt a bit and I could see her bare legs, which were exposed to me, trembling together with the rest of her body. On top of that, I saw her fingers poking under her skirt, touching her most sensitive parts! I caught a quick glimpse of her white panties, but I couldn't see them in full glory - at least, not yet. Jenny sighed again and pulled her skirt back down, and she tried to concentrate on the last question. Two more minutes to go.

It seemed like she got herself under control again, but she couldn't find the answer to the question. Didn't she know, or was she too distracted? I wanted to help her, but...

"Jake! Would you mind looking at your own papers?"

Mr. Wilkenburg had noticed that I was staring at Jenny instead of my test for the last five minutes, and he probably thought I was cheating. I turned my head, and pretended to write something down; it would probably be for the best to keep my head down.

It was not until Mr. Wilkenburg said the test was over, that I dared to look back at Jenny. Her hand was between her legs again, and the last question was still unresolved. There was a bit of rumour in the class, and I leaned over to Jenny and whispered: "Sodium chloride, you are looking for sodium chloride." Jenny smiled, wrote the answer down, and put her pen down. Just as she did that, I heard Vanessa asking with her hand up:

"S... Sir, can I go to the bathroom now?"

"What? The second one already, and it's just past lunch time? Ok well, yes you can go. Make it quick!"

Vanessa jumped off her chair, and made a dash for the loo. She didn't even close the door behind her, she just ran off. I guess she really had to go!

Vanessa wasn't out yet, as Jenny turned in her papers, and lifted her arm too.

"Yes, Jenny?" Mr. Wilkenburg answered immediately, as he was still looking in our direction.

"Can I go too?"

"Go to where?"

"The bathroom, can I go?"

Jenny sounded impatient, and she jumped off her stool already, before getting the teachers permission.

"I'm sorry Jenny, but I don't want you two kids chatting in the hallway. You can go when Vanessa is back."

Jenny sighed, disappointed, and went back to her stool. I asked what happened.

"Well we went drinking in our lunch break, and we forgot about time so we were almost too late for class! There was no time left for a bathroom visit, and I really need a pee now! I hope Vanessa will be back soon!"

"I'm sure she will."

Our little conversation halted as Mr. Wilkenburg started his lecture.

Jenny obviously had to make a big effort to hold her pee inside her tortured belly at this moment. She was sitting on the very edge of her seat, with her legs crossed and her two hands between her thighs, bumping up and down. Her bladder must have been really full by now, and I was amazed she could still hold it back; it was definitely an emergency. Jenny breathed heavily, and all she could do was staring at the door; the door of a class she wasn't allowed to leave. I assume that the pressure in her bladder must have been enormous, but she was probably a bit intoxicated by the alcohol; maybe the intoxication was easing the pain a bit.

A minute passed, and Jenny raised her arm again.

"Jenny?"

"Sir, I really have to pee, can't I go to the bathroom?"

"I told you, you can go when Vanessa is back!"

"But..."

"Miss, it's only just past lunch time. I'm sure you can hold it for three more minutes?"

Jenny lowered her arm again, and Mr. Wilkenburg continued his lecture. I was upset that the teacher ignored Jenny's request like that, but I was also intrigued; what would Jenny do? It was clear to me that she was absolutely bursting, and I knew her bladder would fill up even more - there's no way she could hold five beers in her body. Jenny uncrossed her legs and started waving with her knees while jamming her fingers onto her crotch. I thought about the teacher's words.

Could she hold it until Vanessa was back? Another three minutes? Maybe more? It didn't look like she could; her movements were so intense, her breath sounded so desperate. But off course I wasn't sure how full she really was. Jenny's skirt totally rode up her legs, and I could even see her panties now. Her fingers were pressing against the fabric of her panties, pushing it between her lips, and I could see her complete pubic mound, bouncing up and down. I noticed how thin the fabric of her panties was, and I knew that it wouldn't be able to hold any fluid.

Jenny raised her hand once again.

"Sir, can I go now?"

"You know the answer, Jenny. Now pay attention!"

Jenny pushed her fingers even deeper between her lips, probably holding her pee with the tip of her fingers, blocking her pee hole. I remembered from previous personal experiences, that when I was bursting for a pee, holding my cock was always my very last resort - and I assumed pressing between the lips was the female equivalent of that. It looked like she was truly pushing her limits, doing everything she could to hold her pee back. Why didn't she rush to the bathroom, I mean; there was always the option to ignore the teacher, right, especially if she was really that desperate? Ok yes, maybe Jenny was a bit shy, but I'm sure she was not THAT shy. Two possible explanations popped up in my head:

A. The alcohol had influenced the functioning of her mind and the sensing of her bladder; she thought she could hold it while in fact she was on the verge of wetting herself, or

B. The alcohol had made her energetic, and she was just overacting; she didn't have to go that bad, it was the liquor that made her move around.

Either way, it was a great show for me. I was constantly staring at Jenny's legs, but she didn't notice; I guess she was too occupied by her own problems.

She closed her eyes, moved with her legs, and she kept looking at the class door, waiting for Vanessa to arrive. Jenny was really pulling out all the stops to keep her bladder shut. She moaned and closed her legs for a second, blocking my view, but it was nothing; Jenny went back to her usual pee hole clenching.

Two more minutes passed and Jenny was still sitting down, pressing both hands on her crotch now, and constantly opening and closing her legs. It's like she had a pattern for holding her pee inside her; first she would close her legs, then lean forward a bit, pushing her fingers between her lips with great force, shove to the edge of her seat at the same time, then lean backward, open her legs while still touching herself, then bump up and down, and then close her legs again. She was 'performing' so regular, that it looked like a studied exercise; almost as if holding her pee was a hobby of hers.

Subtle movements gave her away though; an uncontrolled kick of her leg, a long moan - I was almost sure that her bladder was absolutely full and the pee was on the borderline of her sensitive parts. But she could hold it, apparently. I was totally amazed that she could; a normal girl would have ran off to the bathroom, but Jenny didn't. Did she like to hold herself like that, flirting with her limits? I had no idea, but she was pretty good at it, that's for sure. I kind of hoped that Vanessa would stay out a little longer, just to see what Jenny would do. Because I knew that more beer would arrive in her bladder soon; there's no way she could hold that. Would she... pee her panties, maybe? Maybe just a little? Maybe...

But I'll never know the answer - the door opened, and Vanessa came in, as quietly as possible. Without even asking, Jenny jumped up, and walked to the front of the class, taking small steps to keep her legs close together. I stared at her as she moved trough the room. At first, she had removed her hands from between her legs, to make her pee need less obvious to the rest of the class, but I think she had a hard time doing that; just seconds later, her hands wandered off, back to her crotch. Obviously she didn't hold herself between the legs now, but she placed both hands on the front of her skirt instead.

She moved slowly because of the tiny steps she was making, and I wasn't sure that this was really the right approach for her. Wouldn't it be more logical to race herself to the bathroom - running would mean being there faster - being there faster would mean less suffering for her, and would raise her chances to make it in time? Anyway that was just my reasoning; Jenny clearly had a different opinion on the matter. She passed Vanessa on her way to the class door, and the contrast between the two girls couldn't be any bigger; Vanessa was obviously relieved, smiling, casually walking with her hands in her pockets - while Jenny had the most painful expression in her face while fidgeting with her entire body, pushing her hands onto her crotch. If I didn't know any better I would swear that she would explode any second now, but she was already like this for more than five minutes, so... I wasn't sure.

It took Jenny more than half a minute to reach the class door, but she was still dry and she was going to make it, I assumed. At the one hand I was happy for her; off course I didn't really want to wet herself in class - that would be too much of a humiliation. But at the other hand, well - now my enjoyable show was over. Jenny closed the door very slowly, probably holding herself between the legs again now that she was out of sight of the class.

I glanced into the hallway, waiting until Jenny would be running along the class like her two friends did before - that would be the last time I would be able to see Jenny in her desperate condition, so I was thinking that I'd better enjoy it while it lasted. Interestingly enough, I was the only one in the class with a view on the hallway. Our class was divided into different levels of height, and because I was sitting at the last row I was sitting on the highest level - the only level which was high enough to be able to see trough the steep small windows between the class and the hallway.

I stared trough the small window, waiting for Jenny to pass by, hoping to see her with both hands jammed on her crotch, desperately running towards the bathroom. But a few seconds passed, and I didn't see her racing past the window. I wondered what was happening. Was she maybe taking the staircase on the other side of the building? But I knew, and I knew Jenny knew, that it would be a big detour - and that was something she definitely wouldn't do in her condition. Did she wet her panties at the class door, maybe? That was the only part of the hallway I couldn't see, a pillar was blocking the view to that spot.

Dammit! I almost gave up on the idea of seeing her in the hallway, but just as I turned my head, I saw Jenny walking in my direction. Her hands were indeed squished between her legs and she was touching her private parts passionately, even more openly than in class. But Jenny didn't run towards the bathroom, heck, she didn't even walk; her feet were shuffling on the floor, moving forward at the speed of a land turtle. I was puzzled. At this speed she would be at the bathroom in what, ten minutes? Why didn't she run faster? Then it hit me. Maybe she just wasn't able to run any faster...

Jenny was unmistakably in big despair, biting her lip, shyly shaking her head, looking from left to right, probably to make sure no-one would see her... and then Jenny looked down. She froze, and jammed her hands on her private parts twice and hard, as she kept looking downwards. Again Jenny glimpsed left and glimpsed right. I was confused; what the hell was she doing?

She removed her hands from between her legs, quickly pulled up her skirt while knocking and bending her knees together at the same time. She hastily glimpsed left and right again and gave her crotch another squeeze. I couldn't believe my eyes as she pulled down her white panties and crouched down simultaneously; she was going to pee here, in the hallway, three meters away from me! Immediately I could see why; her panties weren't even down yet, as a big torrent of pee escaped from her body. Wow. She must have been really full. Jenny didn't cover her privates and I could clearly see the flood coming from between her lips, spraying like a shower jet. Jenny opened her legs even more and I stared at her girlhood - I couldn't believe how amazing this view was. The waterfall kept running and pee splashed on the ground, producing a big long puddle on the tile floor. Jenny kept looking left and right to make sure no-one noticed here; fortunately for me she wasn't looking up!

She looked between her legs herself now, watching the fluids spray out of her body, probably hoping she could end this pee soon; obviously she didn't want to get caught. The hallway was empty at the moment, but there was always the possibility of a teacher heading that way, or something like that. Jenny was nervous and grabbed her panties already, wanting to pull them up, but she wasn't done yet, not at all. Fifteen seconds and she was still wetting with full force, and it didn't look like she was empty yet. Again she glimpsed in both directions of the hallway, and she stretched her legs a bit; now she was peeing almost entirely standing up.

I could see the torrent of pee hitting her panties multiple times in this position, and she changed her mind again; she crouched down like before, and let her pee flow freely. After another ten seconds the stream of pee finally slowed down a bit, and Jenny pressed her legs together, stopping the flow, and pulled her panties up back again. But the fabric wasn't even touching her vulva yet, as I saw another wet yet shooting from between her lips. Jenny crouched down again, and released several last spurts of pee, while feeling her panties. I could see them glistering, and knew that Jenny had wet her panties a little. Her bladder was probably too tortured to keep the last drops of pee inside her; she had to empty herself entirely. She did, and then pulled up her panties for the last time.

After that she walked back to class, entered the room like nothing happened, and went back to her seat. She was smiling, and I think she didn't regret what she did out there. I wanted to tell her how sexy she was, but fortunately I kept my mouth shut; nothing good could come out of that.

"What did I miss?" she asked instead, and I didn't know what to answer; I had forgotten about class.

"Umm... not much", I answered, as neutral as possible. "Are... you alright?"

"I'm fine", said Jenny politely, smiling.

She went back to paying attention to class, and I pretended to do the same. But I don't have to tell you that I couldn't concentrate on class anymore. All I could think about was the image of Jenny crouching down in the hallway, pee flowing out of her body...

THE END

*009*2011-01-25 14:20

Thanks for the nice comments - but come on, this wasn't that good!

The plot was a bit too traditional/uninspiring (imo), but I couldn't think of a different ending (at first I wanted Jenny to pee her panties in class, but that ending was even more unbelievable, so I rewrote the ending)

But it certainly was a good test - now I know that writing an English story from scratch is easier than translating a Dutch story; I make less grammar mistakes that way...

