Kataras Desperation

Author: Saruman

*000*2010-08-23 20:22

Having arrived to the city of Ba Sing Sa, the group finds out they have to wait an entire month for an audience with the king. With no other options, the group complies and is sent to a house that they will live in for the month.

While some days were active and busy, some were slow and boring. Today was one of those days; Aang and Sokka had left, currently leaving Katara and Toph alone in the house.

The two girls were in the living room, fully dressed, Katara was sitting on the floor with a bowl of water in front of her, entertaining herself with some water bending. Toph on the other hand was laying on the couch, on her back, her right foot on the couch and her other was on the floor to prevent being completely blind.

This scene persisted for quite awhile, until while Katara was busy bending she looking over to Toph and noticed her left hand under her pants and movement.

“Do you have to do that with me right here Toph?” asks Katara.

“I don’t HAVE to, but I’m bored.” Replies Toph.

“At least go to a different room.” Requested Katara.

“Is it a bother to you?”

“Well not really…”

“Then I’m not moving.”

“Fine.”

With that, the two continued with what they where doing, Katara with her bending and Toph with her own body.

However, after just a few minutes and with the small sighs and moans from Toph, Katara found the action to her right more interesting than her bending, but continued to bend to prevent gaining Toph’s attention and just moved her eyes instead of her head to see Toph’s small body squirming a little.

As more minutes passed, Katara saw that Toph’s left hand under her pants was moving faster and the blind girl raising her right hand up to her mouth, apparently, she was trying to be considerate of Katara and not make much noise, but that was useless as Katara herself had her attention on her.

After just a few more minutes, Katara heard a small groan from Toph and the girl quickly raise her left foot to the couch and lean her body towards the couch and her groaning increasing in volume a little.

The sight of Toph orgasming caused a tingling to emit itself from Katara’s crotch, which she just tensed from for a second.

Looking back to Toph, Katara saw that Toph released a big sigh and just remained in that position on the couch for about a minute before rolling onto her back and getting to her feet.

“I gotta go move some earth.” Comments Toph walking out of the room.

“I really didn’t need to know that.” Replies Katara.

Toph left without another word and just seconds after Katara felt the twinge of a need to pee.

“Dang-it…” muttered Katara getting to her feet and quickly leaving the area and heading to the bathroom to see Toph near the bathroom door. “Hey Toph, wait a sec, I just need to pee, let me go in first.” Requests Katara quickly walking to Toph.

“Pee is easier to hold.” Replies Toph as she opens the door and walks in.

“Wait a minute! I’ll be in and out in under two minutes, Your going to in there a lot longer!”

“Just hold it, you’re a big girl aren’t you?” replies Toph.

“…” Katara knew Toph wasn’t leaving the bathroom until she was done and sighed, then returned to the living room to wait for Toph to leave the bathroom.

Ten minutes passed and Toph was still in the bathroom and to Katara’s surprise, her urge was quickly moving to a need, but yet bad enough to physically hold herself, just an apparent nervousness, unable to stand or sit in one place for very long.

Katara returned to the bathroom and knocked on the door, “Aren’t you done yet?”

“I’m still in here aren’t it?” replies Toph.

“Just hurry up!”

“You sound like you really need to go.”

“Gee, ya think!?”

Katara walked away again, back to the living room and sat on the crotch, soon her right leg started bouncing up and down from her growing need to pee.

Ten more minutes passed and Katara’s need was reaching into the desperation stage; she was still on the couch, but her hands were now between her legs, groaning and swaying her upper body forward and back repeatedly. Katara’s panties were still relatively dry, she had no leaks, but if she didn’t get into that bathroom soon, dry panties would be a thing of the past.

Katara dicided to check on Toph again and slowly got to her feet and gasps as she felt pee try to sneak out from the effort to stand, but quickly clenched, she succeeded in holding back the flood but a single drop gained freedom and wet her labia.

Taking slow, careful steps, Katara made her way back to the bathroom, stopping in front of the door and groaning, holding back another attempt by the urine in her for escape but won again.

“T-Toph, aren’t you done yet?” asks Katara with a shaky voice.

“Almost…” replies Toph with a groan. “I’m working with a big one…”

Katara frowned at hearing the more info than necessary reply from Toph, but didn’t have time to be disgusted as a spasm attacked her bladder, releasing a gasp from her and dropping her to her knees with her forehead on the floor groaning.

“Are you ok?” asks Toph.

Katara didn’t even bother replying, she wanted to save whatever energy she could to make it through the spasm. In her head though, she thought, “I’m not going to make it!”

Seeming to confirm her thoughts, Katara felt her strength waning and her urine flowing through her to her panties.

‘Noooo! This can’t be happening!’ thought Katara was she felt the warm liquid coving her crotch and her legs. Then heard the flush of a toilet and another thought crossed her mind as she wet herself. ‘If Toph finds out I wet myself, I’d never hear the end of it. I have to figure out a way to hide it!’

Katara then sat up and removed her hands between her legs to see the dark blue of her crotch and pants. ‘Come on think! Think!’

Katara then heard the rush of water from the bathroom sink and it hit her.

‘Of course! It’s liquid! Bend it!’

With pee still coming from her, Katara moved her hands over her crotch and began to bend the pee from her clothes and into a golden yellow wavy ball over her lap, but hearing the turning of the doorknob in front of her, Katara hurriedly did a quickly jerking of her right hand and quite literally snatched the rest of the urine in her out, the sensation was slightly painful and forced a gasp from her.

Not a moment too soon though the bathroom door opened.

“Bathroom’s all yours.” States Toph smiling.

Katara then smiled with the idea of sending her ball of urine directly at Toph’s face…

END

