New York's Finest

Author: Foxlover

*000*2012-07-13 03:16

Summary: This is a scenario about a young but tough police seargent named Julie. She participates in a tense and terrifying battle with a brimming full bladder. It's a situation where many ordinary women would wet themselves, but she never loses control, or lets anyone know she has to go. However, she's human, and she can only deny her needs for so long...

30-year-old Sgt. Julie Walters gritted her teeth as she took cover behind the mutilated police car. Rounds of lead are being pumped into the metal doors, and arcane profanities from the street gang assailed her ears. Blowing her auburn hair out of her eyes, she turns her gaze on the two officers to her right. “Withers! Marshall! I need you to gather what forces you can and form a perimeter! These guys aren’t going quietly!” Peter Withers, a 30 year old brunette man with a powerful build and slightly naïve personality looks at the sergeant, his blue eyes shining with fear. Malcolm Marshall, the 50 year old weathered African American statue of a man nods grimly, and he motions Withers forward behind another police car. Sgt. Walters watched them go, feeling a great sense of affection and responsibility for them.

After 10 years of service, she’d finally become a sergeant. She was, in all senses of the word, one of New York’s finest. Her model-like figure and brilliant green eyes had allowed her to go undercover as a librarian, a drug lord, an exotic dancer and even a hooker to get information on how to bring the NYC crime industry down. Walters steeled her nerves and launched herself out onto the cracked pavement, shooting point blank at the dented purple Cadillac that the nefarious street gangs, the Rolling 7s, were using for cover. She cried out as a bullet grazed her arm, but it was merely a scrape.

“Dawg, mayne, we been doin’ this fo’ like 4 hours now, and this offica’ lady is STILL tryna get us!” Yelled once of the thugs in frustration. “ You’d think she’d at least have to go to the bafruum or some’m’..”. Walters almost laughed at the thug’s ignorance.

“Sir, I am a New York police officer, my comfort is secondary to the safety of this city. I once went 3 days without eating to bust a diamond-smuggling ring. I didn’t sleep for a week when tracking the hashtag killer across Manhattan. I will let my bladder swell to the size of a freaking WATERMELON if it means taking you losers down!!” She shouted, making sure to get her point across. One of the thugs looked at his buddy. “Aye, she ain’t lyin’, homie, look at her stomach. It look like she done got knocked up or some’m’.” Sgt. Walters did not lower her gun, and she kept popping rounds at the car. Her stoic will was more than a match for her brimming full bladder, and she kept firing. Finally, Withers and Marshall appeared on the other side of the battlefield with reinforcements. Julie almost cried with relief. This would be over soon. The police surrounded the Rolling 7 car, and the gang gave themselves up for lost.

The civilian onlookers cheered as the thugs were hauled away. Walters lowered her gun and walked calmly to the sidelines, smiling down at all the children and families she’d managed to save. However, as soon as she got out of eyesight, Julie doubled over, both hands in her crotch. She was absolutely BURSTING! The adrenaline of fighting had given her the strength to hold on, but now it seemed like dry panties were about to be a thing of the past. She staggered into a nearby convenience store and rushed to the front counter. “Excuse me sir, where is your bathroom?” she said in a strained voice, struggling to maintain her dignified composure. The shopkeeper, Mr. Daniels, beamed at her.

“Well, if it isn’t the savior of the city! My store owes you a debt of gratitude, why if you hadn’t chased those Tumbling 8s or whatever they were away, I most certainly would ha-“Walters cut him off and leaned over the counter. “Sir.” She said in a low voice. “I have been tracking those miscreants since yesterday afternoon. I have literally not visited the ladies room since 7 pm yesterday evening. If you don’t want me ruining your floor, please tell me, where is the bathroom!?” Mr. Daniels sputtered into embarrassed silence, and then mumbled something. “Down the hall , first door on the left”. Julie grimaced. “Thank you, sir”. She hobbled off towards the restrooms, but when she arrived there, it was locked. She cursed inwardly. In desperation, she looked around, and saw that the men’s restroom was down the hall. She hesitated, not wanting to enter the opposite gender’s bathroom, but desperation won out and she tried the door knob. Locked.

“No,” she said to herself, jiggling the door handle. “No, NO, NO!” Julie was on the verge of tears. She was dancing on the spot, on the verge of an accident. Suddenly, she spied a toy toilet, used for potty training Mr. Daniels’ son, Toby. She almost wondered why she considered this, but at the moment, she didn’t care. Her bladder was not going to wait for her mind. She quickly swept through the room, moving the toys and dust away from her precious relief box, pulled down her combat pants, squatted over the toy toilet and… “Missus Waltus, why aw you sitting on my potty?” Julie gasped as she clamped her urethra shut, but not before losing a good spurt of urine. Her need was much worse this time, having already opened the floodgates. She turned to Toby, and managed to smile. “Oh, um, listen sweetie, I was just…demonstrating. You know, so you can do it. You just squat like this…” Julie squatted over the toilet, sweating with the effort not to let go.

“And then you just let it flow.” She feigned a sigh of relief, which was a bit more like a moan, considering that even her stoic police training could not prevent this agony. “Now, I’ll just…just pull my pants up and…and go...” Julie felt tears welling in her eyes as she forced herself to pull up her panties and her pants and redo the confining belt, squashing her bursting bladder in the process. Toby looked at her quizzically.

“But, mizz poh-weese offisah, you didn’t even potty. Don’t you need to potty?” It took every ounce of willpower Julie had to shake her head. “No, sweetie, I just went, I-I’m all empty.” She winced, knowing that she couldn’t have been fuller. She turned to go, when she felt something tugging on the back of her pants. Toby stood there and held out his toy toilet. “Mizz poh-weese offisah, I saw you doing the potty dance outside. You have to potty, don’t you?” Despite her predicament, Julie had to smile. “Yes, sweetie, the policewoman needs to potty. Really badly.” She took the toilet, once again pulled down her garments, went to a private corner of the room, pulled the toilet up to her lips and PEED!”

“Oh my goodness…” She thought as pee poured from her naked crotch. “This is better than any sex I’ve EVER had…” When she had finished, the toilet was completely full, and it was a good size toilet. She went out the backdoor and poured the contents into the drain. She then came back in and kissed Toby’s head. “Let’s keep this our little secret, huh, sugar?”

*005*2012-07-19 13:15

O my god, that was totally just the first name I thought of, I forgot that it was the actress that played Molly Weasley... *epic facepalm*

