The Worst Bike Ride

Author: PeachyKeen

*000*2011-11-20 22:24

Hey everyone! In my about me, I've stated that I like writing stories and here is my first post of my own story! (: I hope you guysenjoy and hopefully I'll be able to post more stories in the future.

Contains Female Desperation, Embarrassment and Accidental Wetting

A compact Toyota Camry pulled quickly into the gravel parking lot of the state park and came to a stop between two other vehicles. The sun cast a bright glare through the windshield and forced the driver to squint even behind their thick sunglasses. Stepping out, the driver, a young woman named Hillary, looked up and smiled into the sunlight. She wore a tight-fitting athletic top, the tank-top cut revealing a decent amount of skin. Her perky C-Cup breast fit comfortably in the tight fabric, along with her taut buttocks that filled out all the material of her equally tight shorts.

The shorts barely came halfway down her thighs and clenched to her skin like body paint. They were pale pink in color and her white top made the perfect athletic combo. She bent down, her thin, toned body an image for all to see, and tied her black sneakers. After that, she threw her dirty blonde hair into a high, sleek ponytail before retreating to the back of her car. Popping the trunk, she struggled to untangle the large mountain bike out of the tight space of her trunk and backseat. She would most definitely need to invest in a bike rack soon.

As she plunked out the kickstand, she guzzled half of her water bottle before sliding it into the bike's nifty cup holder. Hillary has been athletic her entire life, and she hopes the she could continue with it her entire life. She hopped onto the the firm, plastic seat, took up the kickstand, and began pedaling away, locking her car with a satisfying beep before slipping the keys into the pockets of her shorts. The biking trail head stood before her, and she could help but feel excited. This was her first time on this trail and she couldn't wait to ride it.

The trail was indeed very nice, going over creeks and rivers and giving her many opportunities to view the various wildlife in the park. It was about five miles long one way, and as she reached the end, Hillary realized about an hour had gone passed. As she paused to take a break before heading back to her car, she reached down and grabbed her water bottle from its cup holder. She drank the whole thing and almost another after she refilled it at a trail-side water fountain. Surprised at how much she drank, she chugged the one-fourth that was left in the bottle. As soon as the water traveled down her throat, a pain in her abdomen brought her to attention. "Shit!" She cursed under her breath. "I really have to pee!"

She thought back to the port-o-potties that were at the beginning of the trail and how she rode right past them. Not only didn't she go to the bathroom before she left her house that morning, but with all the water she had drank, she was starting to get desperate. I'm so stupid! She thought to herself and she started to head back towards her car. I should've have gone when I could. Now I have a fifty minute ride back to the car! I've gotta hold it now.

At first, the pain in her bladder decreased, but about a half a mile into the trail, they returned. This time, though, they were more powerful. Looking around, she tried to think of her options. Of course, she could bend down and go on the side of the trail, but with all of this traffic of other bikers and hikers on the trail, that was almost impossible. Of course, she could always go in the woods, but the risk of getting poison ivy or even a deer tick was very high and that was a risk Hillary didn't want to take. She figured she would just hold it till she could get back to the portable toilets. She was quite confident since she had always had a strong bladder, but there was some feeling of urgency in the pit of her stomach. It was a feeling that told her that she needed to get going and get going soon.

She tried to pedal faster, but that proved to make things worse. With each leg swing, her bladder pinged teasingly, threatening to explode at any moment. Normally, she wouldn't let herself get into a situation like this, and now she was regretting all the water she drank. For the first time in perhaps her entire life, Hillary reached down and grabbed herself in an attempt to hold all the urine building up inside of her in. As soon as she did it, she recalled her hand, scolding herself mentally for doing such a thing. Although it was wrong, Hillary must admit that it did ease the pain in her bladder.

After she checked no one was around her on the trail, she timidly grabbed her crotch sighed in relief with the pleasure it brought. Not only did it feel great, is sent a surge of excitement through her body. Her nipples hardened in her shirt, clearly visible through the tight fabric. She wanted to moan, but she sensed another bikers presence and took her hand away. Shielding her face from them, she waiting till they were out of sight before she held herself again. This process was continued as she traveled slowly down the path, holding and stopping, holding and stopping. As she reached the half way point and that cursed water fountain, she found it was almost impossible to stop holding herself anymore. Even as she rode with her muscles clenched tight, it was almost impossible to hold anymore. The water was threatening to push out of her, and Hillary continued to fight back tears of desperation.

As the next biker passed her, she waited for the last possible moment before letting go of her tight grip. Even though it was only for a few moments, a squirt of urine shot from her urethra and dampened her blue cotton panties. She squealed as the urine passed, immediately grabbing at her crotch. Her exercise shorts were wet from the constant holding and the recent urine that shot through her panties. There was a small wet spot the size of the quarter on her shorts and she whined while she pondered what to do.

She was almost there, and the only option anymore was to hold it. She dug her finger as far as it would into her shorts and struggled to hold on. Almost there. She thought to herself, biting her lip. Almost there.

She continued to pedal, faster than before, in an desperate attempt to make it to the toilets. "Damn it!" She cursed as another spurt escaped, enlarging the wet spot. "I've got to make it!"

No longer caring who saw her, Hillary rode with one hand and pedaled faster than she ever had done before. The spurts continued to come, one at a time, slowly making the wet spot larger and larger. Now the size of a baseball, the spot made Hillary absolutely mortified, but she continued forward. Her panties were practically soaked and she didn't want to see the back of her shorts. Why didn't she wear the black pair today??? She just had to wear the pale pink ones.

When no one was coming, she pulled over and planted her feet on the ground. The hard plastic rubbed up into her womanhood, sending waves of pleasure into her body. She felt another spurt escape, this time lasting almost three seconds. God, she's never been like this before. Not only did she regret her decisions, but she wished she didn't even come at all. This was perhaps one of the worst days of her life. While she wasn't thinking, her bladder released, shooting all of its contents out of it.

"Oh no!" Hillary whined, not even bothering to stop the flow. It was inevitable, and as the hot urine streamed out of her, into her shorts, pooling on her bicycle seat, and down her legs. Tears rolled down her cheeks and her waters splattered onto the gravel,staining them a darker shade. "Look at what I've done!"

After standing there in shock for a moment, Hillary realized people were coming and quickly hopped back up on her bike. Her shorts squished on the wetness of the seat and she quickly pedaled forward, as fast as she could. She was speeding, her tires threatening to spin out on the loose ground. She was so embarrassed, she didn't know what to do. The blue port-o-potties mocked her as she rode pass, pointing and laughing. Her Camry waiting impatiently for her, ready to leave. She unlocked the car, popped the trunk, and threw the bike in hastily, twisting the handle bars all around. Quickly retreating to the driver's seat, Hillary wept before throwing the car into drive angrily and speeding away from that horrible place as fast as she could.

