An Asari's Ruins, Ruined

Author: Bachri

*000*2014-09-29 02:16

"How did I get myself into this?"

This was the repeated question asked by the one-hundred-and-six-year-old Prothean cultural expert, Liara T'soni. One might think that 106 was an extraoridinary age to be digging up old relics of an ancient, galaxy-faring civilization, but one would only think that if they were a human. As a blue-skinned alien known as an Asari,

Liara was actually remarkably young for her role as a legitimate expert in any scientific field, let alone as a study of a long-lost species that had barely left any traces of their existence. Despite all of her intellect on the Protheans, however, Liara had still managed to utterly destroy precious clues about the ancient ruins around her during the panic that had ensued when an army of synthetic creatures- the Geth- suddenly flooded into the underground excavation site without warning or provokation. And so her exciting career as an archaeologist came to a miserable end, as did the lives of her entire excavation team.

She only had the good graces to have been inside some kind of Prothean holding cell when the attack came. By the time it was her turn to face a Geth Pulse Rifle's phasic plasma round, she had somehow managed to trigger the holding cell's force field emitter, which was powerful enough to repel anything that the machines were as yet capable of throwing at it. Unfortunately, it also prevented Doctor T'soni from escaping, turning the emitter off, or even moving. She was suspended in mid-air, held aloft and immobile by powerful mass effect fields that even her biotics had no chance of breaking down.

So she floated there, just hoping that someone friendly, someone that wasn't a Geth or that Krogan who seemed to be leading them, someone who didn't want her dead, would discover her trapped here and find some way to disable the force field and free her so that they could escape together. She disregarded the irony of somebody "discovering" the would-be archaeologist when she was supposed to be the one discovering things, and silently wished for something to drink. Even down in these caverns, the heat of the volcano world Therum, second planet of the Knossos system in the Artemis Tau Cluster, was unbearable without a sufficient supply of cold beverages. 

Of course, drinking anything now would likely only makes things worse for the blue-skinned alien, as she had already consumed an unusual amount of ice water today, a necessity given the unusually hot day, and had just excused herself from her duties of carbon dating, historical referencing and biological sequencing so that she could answer her needs in a place where moisture wouldn't do any damage to the Prothean remains when the Geth suddenly appeared. The Asari race may be completely alien in many ways from Humans, including having no males, but they shared more similarities than Humans did with any other race. Excluding possibly the Quarians, but nobody knew what they looked like under the suits anyway. Both races shared similar anatomies, at least between Human females and all

Asari, and had the same natural requirements to survival. Food, water, fresh air and some place to use as a bathroom. In all the stress of being attacked, getting trapped inside an ancient security system for three hours, being bored out of her mind and needing to relieve herself for the entire time, she had finally begun talking to herself, if only to give herself something to listen to other than the hum of the machines that kept her from moving. She tried to move her arms so that she could at least squeeze herself, help to hold in her urine, but the force of the containment field was too much for any amount of muscle to break.

She was well and truly stuck. At this point, she might have just gone right on the floor if she could get her pants down. And if she wasn't right in the middle of the most valuable and well-preserved Prothean dig sites in the known galaxy! By the Goddess, what was she thinking? There was no way she could possibly defile these priceless artifacts in such a way, she would likely be banished from Council space! In the end, all she could do was rub her thighs together and hope that help came for her VERY soon.

About ten minutes later, Liara started hearing gunfire coming from somewhere above her. Had someone located the cavern? Were her prayers for assistance being answered? Had the Geth killed the intruder, or someone else from her team? There was no way to know, as the strangely-shaped cell she was in curved in such a way that she couldn't see the elevator outside, and the white tiles reflected the light from the barrier quite harshly, despite having dulled with age. More gunshots, and she squirmed as hard as she could against the mass effect fields as she felt something warm start to slowly seep down her left leg.

A bit of tense concentration allowed herself to stop it, but she knew that her bladder had just leaked a little bit. Right now, she was thankful for the dark hue of her Science Officer uniform, a universally accepted style of outfit that is worn by most on-duty scientists and doctors, as instructed by the Citadel Council. It was nothing flashy, a bit tight around the waist, but it was the official uniform, and the dark leggings that made it very nearly a one-piece getup made Liara glad that she was wearing it.

Anything else would have made the dark spot very embarrassing if anyone saw it. Suddenly, a shower of sparks bright enough to pierce through the light of the barrier and a deep groaning of overstressed steel signalled to her that someone was indeed coming down. This wouldn't have been the case if it were Geth, they were very persistent, but also efficient. If they weren't here ten minutes ago, they had already exhausted all options in getting to her through the front door and were trying elsewhere. Upon barely making out the dull thud of boots hitting the metal catwalk outside, Liara knew that it was close, and took her chance at freedom by calling out as loudly as she could.

"Uh, hello? Could somebody help me? Please!" It didn't take long for more footsteps to approach, a figure appearing through the barrier as little more than a bright blue silhouette until it got close enough that she could make out the forms of a Human, a Turian and a Krogan- thankfully, he didn't appear to be the same one leading the assault on the ruins. They approached until they were close enough that Liara could begin to distinguish their features. The Krogan had a thick, red scale plate upon his forehead, and a long scar running down the right side of his face. It looked like he had only narrowly kept his eye. His armor bore the red paintjob of an old Mercenary-class Heavy suit. The Turian had what looked like a modified Kuwashii accuracy assistance visor glued on by the side of his head, and wore a light set of Agent-class armor, which was standard-issue for Citadel Security officers. Liara took just a split instant to wonder why a C-Sec officer was so far away from the

Citadel. That little instant was a little more than her mind was able to handle right now, and before she could inspect the Human in the middle of the group, their apparent leader, her desperation for escape and relief simply caused her to call out.

"Can you hear me out there? I'm trapped, I need help!" She looked toward them pleadingly, hoping above all right now that the barrier did not completely prevent noise from passing through. Then she discarded the thought; she had already heard gunshots before their arrival.

The Human spoke up. "Are you okay? What happened to you?" Liara anxiously responded, relieved- to an extent- that this Human, who she would later come to know as

Commander Shepard, was in fact able to hear her. "Listen, this thing I am in is a Prothean security device. I cannot move, so... I need you to get me out of it, alright?"

Shepard considered this for a moment. "How'd you end up in there?"

"I was exploring the ruins when the Geth showed up. So I hid in here." Liara chose to omit what exactly what she was doing while doing her exploring. "Can you believe that? Geth, beyond the Veil! I activated the tower's defenses, I knew the barrier curtains would keep them out. When I turned it on, I must have hit something I wasn't supposed to. I was trapped in here, you must get me out, please!" As she finished her explaination, she was wracked with another bladder spasm that made her voice hit a higher octave, but it was passed by the Commander as the pleas of a damsel in distress.

Suddenly, the Human crossed it's arms and the gentle voice was replaced with an accusatory tone. "Your Mother is working with Saren. Whose side are you on?" The poor

Asari felt a spurt of warmth slip past her defenses and into her pants as she recovered from the great surprise of her Mother, Matriarch Benezia, being brought into the conversation- especially due to the news that she was working with the infamous Saren Arterius. In what capacity, she couldn't possibly be sure. "What? I am not on anybody's side!" She took a quick pause to try to think and regain control of her bladder. To lose control right at this moment would be unbearable. "I may be

Benezia's daughter, but I am nothing like her. I have not spoken to her in years! Please, just get me out of here."

Shepard gave a quick nod. "We'll find some way to help you." The Commander's voice once again took on that calming tone, a voice that Liara could easily trust. "There is a control in here that should deactivate this thing. You'll have to find some way past the barrier curtain. That's the tricky part, the defenses cannot be shut off from the outside, I don't know how you'll get in here." The desperate Asari hesitated for just a second, as another spurt threatened to make it's escape to join the first, and she had to shift her concentration to keep it in. "B-be careful, there is a Krogan with the Geth... they have been trying different ways to get past the barrier..."

Commander Shepard gave another nod, and the squad started on their objective. Liara could do nothing except watch as they left her there, and float in place. She silently hoped that they hurried and freed her quickly, so that she could run off and find some secluded spot in which to attend to her needs. Possible Geth ambush be damned at this point. She couldn't even close her legs with this energy field keeping her limbs in place, and that only made her urge all the worse. A few seconds passed before she could hear more gunfire eminating from outside, a sure sign that the alien soldiers had found more Geth hiding not too far away.

A few agonizing minutes later, the gunfire faded out, the fighting moving deeper into the cave system. By now, Liara had taken to counting the seconds since her rescuers had spoken with her, and her count had gotten a little past six hundred and thirty. So, it's been over ten minutes. And every single minute meant more pressure on her painfully full bladder. What were they doing? Looting lockers in the nearby excavation camp? Playing memory games? No, shouldn't be that harsh with them, the Human DID promise to get her out after all, and there was no reason to believe that saving her would be as easy as-

A sudden, violent explosion rips through the foundation of the cave system and the ancient Prothean structure that housed the barrier curtain, shaking the room and the machinery to the core. And Liara along with them. Her body can withstand the quake, all except for her distended bladder. The recycled liquids within are jostled around until, much like a can of soda, the pressure proves to much for her jolted muscles, and the contents suddenly explode out through their only availiable exit.

Before she can even cry out in distress, she felt the warmth snake down her thighs, partially trapped by the moisture-resistant leggings of her uniform. Of course, moisture-resistant wasn't enough to stop the full soaking that her body was now involuntarily giving, and they quickly became saturated in her liquids as that same warmth ran down to her calves and her shoes. The most unfortunate part was the barrier field. It not only kept her in place, but her urine as well. It kept the fluid pressed snugly against her skin, rather than letting it leak out onto the floor, which only served to intensify her humiliation.

She was absolutely mortified, and now the poor Asari could only pray to the Goddess that the Human's squad took their time in reaching her again, maybe her body heat could force the liquids still streaming out from between her legs to evaporate a little bit... over the course of a few hours. And maybe the heat of of the volcanic Therum caves wouldn't cause her to die of dehydration by then. Not likely as long as the fluids in her body were being peed out as much as they were right now. Liara's cheeks took the purple-ish hue of an

Asari's blush as she felt the warm liquid caress her womanhood, pressed back against her by the Prothean security system just as forcefully as it left her, before the pressure pushed it further down either limb and toward her boots. So it went for a solid minute of urination, before the rock of pain that had kept her belly bloated finally dissolved. She could still feel the soreness of her insides, but the cause of her discomfort was no longer there- rather it was now all over her clothes and thighs and legs, and remained trapped with her.

It was only seconds later that Liara heard footsteps running toward her from behind, and turned her head as far back as it could turn, which was just enough to witness the success of the Turian, the Krogan and their Human leader. She was utterly embarrassed that they could see her in such a pathetic state, but this was trumped by her feelings of relief at being saved from the Geth and, even more than that, surprise that they had managed to find a way to her. "How... how did you get in here? I did not think there was any way past the barrier!" It was Shepard's turn to hesitate, making no attempt to hide the surprise of finding a pee-soaked alien trapped in a big bubble. "Er... w-we need to get you out of here before more Geth arrive."

The slightly miserable Asari turns toward the only console in the cell. "Y-yes, you are right. I've seen enough of them to last a life time. That button should shut down my containment field." The Human is quick to turn it's attention to the oddly-shaped controller, likely trying to give Liara as much modesty as possible, and approaches it.

Holding a hand over the green indicators, Shepard is able to access it and disable everything in the room, at which point the scientist is suddenly hit by the full force of gravity and falls awkwardly onto her stomach- and a very large puddle that spills out from every loose fiber of her leggings the very instant that she is finally released from her captivity. Just like that, she finds herself covered in her own waste and feeling much more miserable about it than before. Of course, nobody there seems willing to help her up, so she gets back to her feet and, blushing madly, wipes her hands on each other before turning to the squad that had saved her life and killed her dignity. The Turian speaks for the first time since the Asari had seen him. "Uh, any idea how to get out of this place?"

___

So yeah, this isn't my first story, but it is my first NON-FURRY work.

Wanted to make a fanfiction based on the "Rescue Liara" mission of the first Mass Effect game. Let me know what you guys think ^^

An Asari's Ruins, Ruined.txt

*002*2014-10-02 01:22

{{:

Awesome! It was really well written, and I'm a big fan of desperation in sci-fi settings so I loved this story :)

}}

Thanks for the praise and the comment. I posted this on 3 different sites and yet you're only the second person to actually SAY anything, so this is much appreciated ^^

*004*2014-10-02 20:09

{{:

I really enjoyed this. There are way too few mass effect desperation fics and this one was pretty nicely written and i really liked the fact you keep sheps gender ambiguous. Over all great work.

}}

Thank you very much :)

*006*2014-10-10 20:17

{{:

I realize I'm a week late to the party, but I just wanted to say how much I've enjoyed your story, Bachri. I love the Mass Effect series and Liara in particular, and it really was a treat :)

Any chance of a sequel?

}}

Late is better than never! :D Thank you for giving a response.

As for a sequel, it's not too likely with Liara. I can't imagine much else in the Mass Effect series that would put her in a situation like this, but I am currently planning something with Tali, so maybe more stories for other characters? I dunno yet X3

*010*2014-10-28 13:40

Okay, since there has been some interest, Im going to go ahead and work on a continuation of this theme. Next up will be Tali, and the situation I'm looking at with her is that her suit's waste disposal system is damaged while on Haestrom (Geth shooting at her + the sun damaging equipment) and she is forced to "wait it out" while the Quarian troops try to ensure her safety. Thoughts or criticisms on this?

