The Sphere - Page 12

Author: SashaButters

*277*2016-03-30 18:00

In this story, sex drives died along with peoples ability to communicate. Sex is only for making babies, like animals. So there aren't sexual predators running around raping girls YET. Girls are only in danger if they go around saying "they don't want kids" Boys are being taught in schools that that line of thinking isn't right, so they must take it upon themselves to impregnate them. Still creepy AF, but not sexual predator creepy.

Think of the diaper dimension stories. Being a little in amazon society without a "family" is like advertising yourself for trouble. In this story, saying you are unmarried or don't want kids ls similar.

In Becca's life time, the population is 500 thousand, and they are the generation that is coming out of the "great silence" (unknown how long that lasted for) so it could have been even lower before her time.

*280*2016-04-04 23:52

Once the psychiatrist had left, Becca leaned back in bed and closed her heavy drooping eyes, but after ten minutes she was awoken by another intrusion. This time by a tall, heavily built man with broad shoulders dressed all in white. He looked exactly like the kind of guy who had brought her here. She shuddered a bit under his gaze and prayed he didn’t have any kind of needles. She had expected his voice to be deep and booming, but instead, what came out was a soft and timid voice. She smiled a little. It almost seemed comical coming from the mouth of such a huge guy.

He introduced himself as Charles. He would be her nurse. He pulled up a chair and sat down next to her before asking her a series of mundane questions. She answered the best she could despite her raspy voice and sore throat. He seemed to catch on after a minute. He stood up and pulled a monitor down in front of her. He turned it on and scrolled through the menus while explaining all the features. Whatever she wanted to eat or drink. All she had to do was select it. She picked a chocolate shake just to see what would happen. The machine whirred and buzzed for a few moments before a ding sounded. A compartment opened up by her bed on the nightstand and from it rose her desired item.

She stared at it in awe for a moment before picking it and taking a sip. It tasted bland- obviously a capsule product- but the cool liquid felt amazing to her sore throat.

“Enjoy getting what you want while you can.” He said with a hint of a smile. She frowned. What did he mean by that? “Your full menu options are only available on your first day. That toilet in your bed; it examines your waste and determines what your body’s nutritionally lacking. It will then compose a limited menu for you to choose from for the day.”

It was probably for the best, she thought after imagining herself lying in bed all day eating junk food. She’d probably get fat.

The thought reminded her of something. She had never once seen her reflection since getting out of the SPP. She looked around for something reflective, and got look at her face in the screens camera setting. She looked terrible. Her face was incredibly thin. Her skin, which glowed a sickly white, hugged her cheekbones tight. Her green eyes drooped surrounded by puffy eyelids.

She poked at her face, feeling the curve of her protruding bones. What had happened? Were they not feeding her? What about all that food she had eaten? Charles voice snapped her back to reality. He told her not to worry, and she’d be back to normal soon.

When an awkward silence fell between them, Becca closed her eyes and hoped he’d get the hint. Her parents had just forcefully committed her. She had left her fellow test subjects to die. And no matter how hard she had tried to convince someone to save them, everyone just thought she was crazy. Awkward small talk was not on her priority list. Instead of leaving her alone though, he continued to chat, much to her dismay. He was a nurse. Didn’t he have other patients to go check up on?

He asked her if she had any pets. He asked her what school she graduated from. Idle small talk. Nothing too abnormal she supposed. Becca guessed he was just a talker- a rare breed now a days. But the odd thing was, even when she stopped trying to hide her annoyance at him, he still kept asking questions. When she closed her eyes and remained silent, he’d ask again until he got an answer out of her. Then things took a turn. Her annoyance slowly began to morph into a feeling of something entirely different.

His questions grew more and more personal. Where did she live? How old was she? What was her phone number? Why would her nurse need her phone number? And then the red flags began to rise. He asked her if she was married. Not an uncommon question, but in this day and age, nothing good could come from it. She normally felt no need to lie. Her feelings on this subject were far from unknown- no matter how dangerous voicing her opinion was. If there was one thing she was passionate about; it was her hatred of the Repopulation Act. But this time… something didn’t sit right. So for once, she took her fathers advice. She lied and said she was.

The Repopulation Act was something that never sat right with her. It wasn’t a real law, but a cultural belief- and a stupid one at that. While women could work, it was in a way, discouraged. The Glass Ceiling was more of a Glass Skyscraper. Medias portrayal of women was a stay at home mom who popped out crotch spawn after crotch spawn. It wasn’t like they were portraying women as not as capable as men, but rather, a women’s successes was measured by how many kids she had. That was her job and nothing else. It infuriated Becca to no end.

It never made sense. Why, and who, was spreading this ideology? Sure, 500, 000 people was only a fraction of the former worlds population, but it just didn’t seem low enough to excuse this kind of behavior.

In 2316 there was a trial around the same time the population began to decrease. His name was James Orkin- a real backwoods uni-bomber looking guy. He was being held for sexual assault charges. She doubted his lawyer knew the half-assed defense he presented to the court would send America on a path spiraling downward. It was a terrible defense really. Was he high when he came up with it? Repopulation? Really? Everyone knew James Orkin was just another incestuous sleaze ball pervert with a taste for young girls. It was no surprise he was nearly laughed out of the courtroom by the prosecution.

Until James Orkin walked out a free man.

Then the riots broke out. They were the worst America had ever seen. Right when things seemed to calm down, there’d be another trial followed by another riot. Soon though, the trials seemed to out number the riots until repopulate became just as common a thing as self-defense. And then sexual assault stopped going to trial all together.

It was in the middle of all the chaos when virtual reality started to take off. They used to crisis as a marketing ploy with their target audience being girls. VR began to be advertised as a safer alternative to going out at night. Why put yourself at risk when you can meet up with the girl in your very own living room? When the girls stopped going out, eventually, so did the boys. Thus the first silent generation was born. That’s what they taught in school anyway.

Why though, Becca always found herself wondering. If they knew how stupid the mess that created this cycle was, why did they still think this way? At least the world wasn’t like it was back then- with a bunch of sexual predators running around. No one really had a sex drive anymore- and if they did, well, there were plenty of things to help them in the Sphere. Maybe that was a problem on its own.

Her farther would say it was coming back though - people’s sex drives. He said it was only a matter of time. And then this line of thinking would be very very dangerous.

It wasn’t like predators went away completely. They were just more unheard of, and as for the dominating part of assault, well, you’d have to be around actual people. Sexual assault was only a crime if it was for sexual reasons. But it was hard to prove and even harder to convict. Most victims didn’t even bother reporting it. But the creeps were out there, blending in with the more extreme repopulators knowing they could get away with it. That’s what her dad told her.

Ugh, her dad. Why? Why did he do this to her? Didn’t he understand Brian’s death was only an accident?

“What’s wrong, princess?” Charles asked.

The way he said it sent chills up Beca’s spine. He made her uncomfortable and it wasn’t just his size. She didn’t answer. She just sat straight ahead staring at the wall. Suddenly, she wasn’t so sleepy anymore. This wasn’t the social anxiety that she- and the world- was accustomed to. This was something entirely different. Her heart began to hammer inside her chest. She was afraid of him, but not in the same way she had been afraid of Barkley.

Becca saw him scoot forward out of the corner of her eye. His massive hand rested atop of hers. She pulled her hand away. He frowned as his eyes took in her worried expression. She peeked over at him. And then he smiled in such a way that made Becca wish she could get up and run. Not fight- but run. She was trapped and helpless.

She tried to tell herself this was all her imagination, but she knew deep inside something was very wrong. The way he looked at her, it was the same kind of look she gave bacon.

“I’m not going to hurt you.” He said. She shuddered when she felt one of his massive fingers slide down her face.

“S-Stop it.” She said. She tried to sound tough, but her wavering voice gave her fear away. She wondered if she should scream. No, her voice… Even if she tried to scream no one would hear her. He smiled again as his finger continued to trace up and down her cheek. She wanted to bite his finger off. “I’m m-married.” She lied. The look on his face said it all. This had nothing to do with civic responsibilities. This was personal enjoyment. This was the kind of person her dad had warned her about.

What could she do? She was trapped in bed without a voice to yell for help. If she couldn’t scream, her only option was to make him do it for her. But all she had to defend herself with was a half drunken milk shake. And then she remembered what she did have access to. Food. Any kind of food she could imagine. She used one hand to slap his away and another to type in her request. Ghost pepper sauce, or what she referred to it as, Devil’s Diarrhea.

He was too busy toying with her to notice the whirring of the machine near by. Her item rose. It was even better than she had anticipated. The red sauce sat in an open plastic container- she didn’t even have to open a bottle.

“Your file says you were in diapers. I need to make sure you aren’t wet.” He slowly snaked his disgusting hand down from her face and teased it lower down her chest to watch her helpless reaction. It didn’t come. Instead she locked eyes with him and smiled. He paused his hand, looking confused, and a little taken aback. That’s when she splashed the cups contents into his eyes. And then there were screams. Terrible terrible screams. And they were music to Becca’s ears.

People came running through the door. There reaction surprised her. “Not again.” One of them said. Then Becca understood. This man was not a nurse. He was a patient. And this was clearly not the first time this had happened.

She sat in her bed too stunned for words and watched them drag the crying Charles out. It wasn’t until the doctor from earlier appeared by her bed and asked if she was alright that she spoke again.

“H-he tried to…” She hadn’t realized how shook up she was until she felt herself crying. Was this what it was like to be a victim of sexual assault? She was this shook up, and yet, nothing had really happened. She got off easy, she knew. If she hadn’t been so quick to act, he really would have… She didn’t even want to think about what could have- or would have- happened.

“Don’t worry about, we’ll take care of him.” The doctor said. She relaxed a little when she knew this was going to be the end of it. They weren’t going to punish her, even though they warned her about being violent. She had heard stories of where women had fought back and had been the one’s punished.

She told him what happened and he just nodded his head. When he left and closed the door behind him, she was finally able to try and get some sleep. But she couldn’t now. She was too wound up. Every time she closed her eyes, she felt a presence beside her. So her mind wandered. The more it wandered the angrier she became.

Why was she relieved she wasn’t punished? Why should she be punished? He attacked her! It was self defense! Was this what everyone felt afterwards? Her heart ached for all the people who had never gotten justice over the years because of that stupid repopulation act. Now she hated it even more.

Her face felt dirty. She used the monitor to get a rag, but no matter how much she scrubbed at her face, she still felt the remnants of his finger there.

A little while later the doctor came back in. He apologized for what happened. Charles apparently, had a habit of playing doctor. She was right; this wasn’t the first time this had happened. He was here for being a predator. She grew angry again. Her father put her in a place that housed predators. He put her in danger!

Hot tears began to fill her eyes. The doctor said it wouldn’t happen again. She didn’t bother correcting him.

Another man entered, this time a much smaller man with short black hair. The doctor introduced him as her real nurse. She refused. It didn’t do her any good. Neither did trying to demand a female nurse. Apparently there were no women on staff. She missed Sinna. She really wished she hadn’t thrown that vase at her.

Jerry, her real nurse, told her he was going to give her a dose of the medicine to rid her body of the acid. She cringed. She didn’t want to deal with this right after what had happened. He reminded her the sooner she got this all out of her system the sooner she could get out of bed. He had her sold. Not like he was waiting for her approval. He was already readying the needle. She winced when she felt the prick in her shoulder.

She found it interesting when he mentioned there was someone here who had once had to go through the very same treatment. That was when they developed the medicine. She tried to get him to tell her more, but he said he couldn’t.

She tried to get her shorts off under the blanket in preparation for what was to come, but she struggled. He noticed her plight and reached down to help. She reacted out of instinct. Before she could stop herself, she punched Jerry right in the jaw. Awkward silence filled the room as he massaged his sore face. She tried to stutter out an apology. What had happened had put her on edge! She didn’t mean too!

She saw him pull something else out of his scrubs. Another needle.

“Wait, it was an accident!” She tried to explain. He ignored her as he tapped the syringe and uncapped the needle.

“I think you need to relax.” He said. Another prick into her arm. The room was beginning to fade in and out and then there was nothing.

*283*2016-04-05 04:35

{{: 

This world you have created, it is starting to take pages out of Nazi playbook on women. Equal but at home sort of thing. Also totally totalitarian I mean where is the legal representation? I mean if the math is anything to go on Becca is approximately 18 years old and therefore is able to make decisions for herself regarding legal treatment. I love you world, it is like a dark twisted version of our future.

}}

Oh, really? I don't know much on Nazi views, but it sounds creepy. But being white, the last thing I want to get caught looking up is nazi stuff. I'm just taking stuff that has happened/ is happening and twisting it. I can't really put race issues into this, because I can't begin to understand or portray what racism is like. And no one wants to hear about racism from a white person. So I went with gender.

As for legal representation. When it comes to medical stuff, there really isn't all that much there. I was in the hospital for two weeks when I was 19 and I didn't get a say in anything. I even had to have a sitter that made me REALLY uncomfortable, but they wouldn't change. And when you are forcefully committed, you get NO legal representation. It's like you loose all rights.

*285*2016-04-05 05:26

{{: 

Yeah the Nazi thing I am talking about is separate from the Racial views. I include a section from a rather basic history website just to give clarification on what I meant.

"Women in Nazi Germany were to have a very specific role. Hitler was very clear about this. This role was that they should be good mothers bringing up children at home while their husbands worked. Outside of certain specialist fields, Hitler saw no reason why a woman should work. Education taught girls from the earliest of years that this was the lifestyle they should have.

From their earliest years, girls were taught in their schools that all good German women married at a young age to a proper German and that the wife’s task was to keep a decent home for her working husband and to have children."

Taken from: http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/nazi-germany/the-role-of-women-in-nazi-germany/

Also not sure why it came out like that, the white background is a little distracting.

}}

Well now… That's 0.o Wow and now that I think about it, where I had planned to take this is gonna be even more nazi governmentish.

*287*2016-04-07 02:11

Time seemed to fade in and out as Becca cycled through wake and sleep. The antipsychotics pumping through her system left her in a drugged stupor, leaving her only vaguely aware of someone coming in and out of her room to check up on her. It wasn’t until the third time she heard a male voice speak did she snap out of her trance long enough to take notice of Jerry’s presence beside her.

“I said are you okay?” Jerry asked. He looked her up and down before making note of something on his tablet. He silently stared at her until she realized she hadn’t given any inclination that she understood, or responded, to his question.

“I feel funny,” she tried to say, but what came out was more along the lines of a “ugh.”

“It’ll wear off soon.” He said. Becca remained silent, trusting that he knew what she meant. She was in no means willing to elaborate further- or even have a conversation. What she wanted was to close her eyes and never wake up again.

Jerry checked her vitals by scanning the chip in her wrist, before pressing a few buttons on his tablet and left without another word. Becca rolled back over and stared at her hospital sock clad feet. Had she been wearing socks this whole time? Had her hair been this long? Was her hair always this color? Why did she have earlobes? Becca had halfway come to the conclusion of why she had a bellybutton when she heard Jerry’s voice by her bed again. It was about as unwelcome as Charles voice.

“Time to go.” He said. She squinted up at him through the transparent dragon that had been guarding her bed, surprised to see a wheelchair.

“Huh?” she managed to mumble out before Jerry forcefully sat her up. Her senses hadn’t had time to register the change in position, before he lifted her up and out of bed. Next thing she knew she was being wheeled out of her room.

“Where’s my nose?” Becca asked as she stared blankly at the white linoleum tiles passing below her. Jerry’s silence spoke volumes. She was sure he had taken it while she slept. Another reason not to trust this place. What would he want with her nose? Did he go around stealing parts off of people’s faces? She heard voices up ahead. She shut her eyes tight in fear of seeing faceless people.

“We’re here.” He said. She opened her eyes, relieved to see a group of teenagers in one piece. So then why had he only taken hers? Becca’s eyes began to water. “What?” He asked in an annoyed voice.

“He took my face!” she accused. The group snickered. She tried to pat where she thought her face should be, but only felt air. She cried harder. He sighed again before grabbing her wrist and moving her hand five inches to her right. She felt around for her cheeks, chin, forehead, and finally her nose. “Oh.” She said realizing it was all still there. The group snickered again.

“Great, another Josh.” A male voice mumbled.

“No way, look at her eyes. That’s Helta all the way! Jerry, how much did you give her?”

“Just enough to relax her for a bit.” Jerry said.

“Relax her? She looks like she’s going to fall out of the chair. Are you sure you didn’t give her a little extra? She thought you stole her face, man.”

“What happened to your lip?” A girl’s voice asked. The group looked up at him to see Jerry’s swollen bottom lip. Jerry patted Becca’s shoulder as way of signaling why she was drugged. He then pulled up a chair and joined the circle of teenagers.

“So she’s just drugged then? She’s not another Josh?”

“She’s violent. I had to take extra precaution.” Jerry admitted.

“She doesn’t look violent.”

“Looks can be deceiving, Stephen. Have you seen Charles lately?”

“No, way! That was her?” Stephen asked. His eyes flickered in amusement and awe.

“What? What happened to Charles? That guy’s such a pervert. I’ve caught him in my room before.”

“Haven’t you seen his face? His eyes are all bandaged up and an orderly has been guiding him everywhere.” Stephen said. “So what’d she do to him?”

“He tried to play doctor with Becca, but she wouldn’t have it. She threw chili sauce in his face.” Jerry explained. The group whistled and let out a chuckle. Becca had no idea what was going on, but she figured she’d laugh too. When she opened her mouth though, all that came out was drool.

“That’s Helta all right.” The girl said.

“Was… Helta?” Becca managed to mumble.

“Helta’s a muscle relaxant. It’s what Jerry gave you to relax.” Stephen said as he made air quotes around the word relax. “We think it’s a horse tranquilizer.”

“Ponies…bad.” Becca whimpered. She tried to use her arm to prop her head up, but kept missing. Whatever they had given her; she didn’t like it. She couldn’t tell if her head felt heavy or light. Her body protested at sitting upright more from being over tired than in pain.

“It affects everyone differently.” Jerry explained. “Some people only notice a slight drowsiness while others…” He paused as Becca’s head rolled forward. He gestured towards Becca as an example of the other end of the spectrum.

After some more chatter, the group went around in a circle and introduced themselves. Stephen sat in front facing Becca. He wore navy blue sweat pants and a forest green t-shirt that said Sunny Shores on it. He had a head full of thick curly brown hair and emerald green eyes. All Becca got out of his introduction was that he would be turning seventeen next week, and that he had been here for almost a month, but didn’t say why.

On Becca’s right sat another boy who looked to be about fourteen years old. He introduced himself as Kevin and said his parents had sent him there to get clean. Becca looked up at him with a horrified look on her face. Kevin shrugged, but shifted in his chair looking obviously uncomfortable.

“We don’t judge people here, Becca.” Jerry said as a warning. “Every one here comes from different backgrounds with different struggles.”

“B-but…but his parents locked him away because he wouldn’t shower! That’s so mean!” Becca said. Her voice rose and cracked with emotion. The group laughed again. Jerry tried to explain what getting clean meant, but his explanation was lost on Becca, who was currently preoccupied with touching her face to make sure it was still there.

Next up was the girl named Alicia, with long red hair that reminded Becca of April, but without the curls. And lastly came a young man who hadn’t uttered a single word the entire time. He looked to be in his early 20’s also wearing a Sunny Shores t-shirt with short black hair. He sat in his chair and stared off into space. He remained silent when his turn came, but no one seemed all that surprised.

“That’s Josh. He doesn’t talk much, but when he does, it’s obvious he’s out of his mind.” Stephen offered.

Jerry lightly scolded him, but followed up with a, “He’s one of our more mentally challenged patients here.” Becca stared at Josh for a moment, but the young man didn’t seem to register that they were talking about him. That, or he didn’t care. He just continued to sit there staring off into space.

The group began to talk about random personal issues, so Becca closed her eyes and tuned them out. When she opened them 10 minutes later, she saw Josh no longer staring off into space, but looking directly at her. He pointed to his ear, motioning for her to listen before resuming his staring contest with the wall. She tried to fight the drug-induced fog, and listened to what the group was talking about. The subject was Charles again.

“Why isn’t he in a drugged stupor too?” Stephen asked.

“I think he’s learned his lesson now.” Jerry said. He seemed to wave the question off.

“I’m so sick of finding that creep in my closet. About time someone stood up to him. New girl’s alright in my book.” Alicia said. “I swear it’s like all they ever do is just lead him back to his room.” If it weren’t for the drugs coursing through her, she probably would have pressed the issue. Instead she sat quietly and listened a bit longer, until something else caught her attention.

“Jerry.” Becca mumbled turning to him. “Jerry, I need to…never mind.” She went back into her stupor.

“What is it, Becca?” Jerry asked.

“I peed.” She admitted unabashed. Everyone scooted a few inches away.

“Don’t worry.” He said rolling his eyes at the group. “She’s already prepped for this. It’s a side effect of the Helta.”

“Great,” Becca said trying to sound sarcastic. Instead she sounded oddly happy and upbeat, earning herself several strange looks from the group.

“I think that about wraps up todays meeting.” Jerry said after the group chatted together for another twenty or so minutes- interrupted every so often by Becca asking what happened to her various body parts.

At one point she had asked the group where her boobs went, to which Stephen responded with a snicker and said, “I don’t think you came in with any.”

One by one the members of the group got up and left until it was only Becca, Josh- who continued to stare at the wall- and Jerry.

“Will you be okay for a minute?” Jerry asked. Before Becca could form the words, Jerry was already up and out the door leaving her alone with Josh.

She rested her eyes for a minute, but felt like something was off. When she opened them she let out a startled squeak. Josh was no longer staring out the window. Josh was no longer in his seat. Josh was three inches away from Becca’s face staring intently into her eyes. He stood as still as a statue staring at her for a solid minute. Becca was at a complete loss for words. Finally he broke the silence. “Why’d you hit Jerry?” He asked.

Becca shivered under his intense stare. “It-it was an accident.” She managed to spit out.

“Did you tell him that?”Becca nodded her head. Josh pulled back seemingly satisfied he had gotten whatever it was he was after. He turned around and began walking away, before stopping in the middle of the room to say, “Don’t you find it strange they drugged you and not him?” Then he walked out of the room.

Becca sat in stunned silence trying to make sense of what had just happened. Did that really happen, or was it the drugs doing? At first, she thought he had meant Jerry. Why would they drug Jerry? Then she remembered what the group had been talking about. Charles. Why did they drug her and not him? If he was such a problem patient…

“Ready to go back to your room?” Jerry asked. She tried to tell him about what had just happened, but he dismissed it. “Don’t let him get to you. He’s one of our more… long term patients.” He said. “He doesn’t usually make much sense.” But that was what was bothering Becca. He did make sense. Maybe it was just the drugs talking, but he made a lot of sense. Why would they let someone like that- a repeat offender no less- run around loose attacking people?

“Why do you think he’s crazy?” Becca asked on the way back to her room.

“He’s a paranoid schizophrenic. Spends more time lost in his head than he does in the real world. He keeps to himself most of the time, but when he does talk he’s pretty delusional. He thinks the CIA’s after him or something along those lines. He might have overdosed at one point.” Jerry explained. He looked down at her and frowned. “You look pretty lost in thought. Whatcha thinking about?”

“I think he took my nose.” Becca said.

*289*2016-04-07 02:35

{{: 

Calling it. Jerry is another SPP survivor.

}}

Jerry the nurse? Or Josh the crazy patient?

*297*2016-04-22 07:10

Becca’s legs wobbled as she slowly inched forward step by step. It was agonizing and brutal. If she thought the Spp workouts were harsh, it was nothing compared to Dr. Benshin’s physical therapy circuit. She let out a groan. Her legs hurt as if they were being dissolved with acid from the inside out.

“Just a few more steps, Becca, you’re doing great.” Dr. Benshin said. He held onto her waistband to keep her from falling. Becca wanted to let out a sarcastic laugh, but feared if she thought of anything besides her goal for even a split second, she would lose her momentum. The table on the other side of the room never looked so far away. She grunted through her clenched teeth. Sweat poured down her face and matted her hair down the sides of her cheeks. Her eyes burned with hot tears. She inched herself closer and closer to her goal.

“Picture a big ice cream sundae waiting for you.” He said.

“Will you rub it on my legs for me?”Becca said. He had to be the worst motivational speaker she had ever heard. Ice cream sundae? What was she, five? Besides, he knew damn well the automated system wouldn’t let her have any ice cream anymore. Oh how she missed ice cream. And bacon. It felt like all she was allowed to eat was kale and spinach. Junk food around here was like cigarettes in prison. Getting to use the toilet came at a steep price it seemed.

Becca collapsed into the table when she made it. Her head sunk face first into the pillow. She needed to roll over, but her body felt like lead. She took several shaky breathes before letting out a groan and turning around.

“You did it. See, you can do five laps down the hallway.” Becca moaned in response. “It wouldn’t be this hard if you’d just do the VR workouts like you’re supposed to in your room.”

“No. No VR.”

“It’s not good for you to stay in bed and stare at the wall all day. Wouldn’t you rather be on a beach, or fighting a dragon or something?”

“No VR. Not. Safe.” She panted.

“We’ve been over this. No one’s after you.” Becca closed her eyes and remained silent as way of ending the discussion. “You’ll have to get over your fears at some point.” She ignored him until he left to get her an ice blanket for her legs. She waited until she heard him walk out the door to open her eyes again. She let out a gasp. A face was staring at her mere inches away from her own.

“He’s right you know, they won’t take you back.” Josh said.

“Why do you keep doing this? You’re going to give me a heart attack.”

“They have you where they want you. You’re safe.”

“What makes you think that? How do you even know what I’m talking about?”

He smiled a little before backing away. “Who would believe the ramblings of a mad woman?” He asked. He looked at a tablet in hands. “Delusions, violent tendencies. Oh, this looks interesting, dissociative identity disorder.”

“Are you reading my chart?” Becca asked. She furrowed her eyebrows in anger. “How did you even get that?”

“This place is lacking in the security department. A child could break through their settings.”

“Well, stop it! That’s personnel.”

“But don’t you want my help?” He asked. He smiled again at Becca’s confused expression. “You know, I haven’t seen a single sign that you have a split personality. You’ve always been Becca- expect for that time you were drugged out of your mind.”

“I’m starting to suspect you’re as nuts as they say you are.” Becca said. She winced as she sat up making sure to keep eye contact with Josh the entire time.

“Yeah, well, so am I.” He said. He took a seat next to her on the table.

“Forgive me if I’m a little suspicious of anything you say, but what do you mean, ’help me?’” She eyed him as he seemed to zone out for a moment, before the light came back in his eyes.

“Realize your childhood fantasy.” He said. Yep, this guy was nuts. Maybe she should call for Jerry. “ When I was in elementary school, when all the other brain washed saps gushed about how many kids they were going to have, there was one girl who stood out. All she talked about over and over was being a solider, and how she refused to have kids. We all thought she was crazy, of course. Our teachers called her, “un-patriotic,” I even went as far as calling her a terrorist- until she slugged me right in the jaw and knocked out my front tooth.”

Becca narrowed her eyes. It couldn’t be… She searched his face, but she couldn’t see him. “I was a bit of a dick.” He said. “Had blond hair too.”

“D-Derrick?” Becca asked. He nodded his head. “What are you doing in Alaska?” His smile faltered a little.

“We’re in California.” Becca’s eyes widened. No! She was in a different state? When had they... Was she really unconscious for that long? Was that why her parents hadn’t visited her? “Welcome back. Now down to business. Do you still want to be a solider?” She turned away from him and stared at the ground.

“What’s it matter? That’s what got me into this situation in the first place. Maybe I should have gotten married and popped out a few kids after all.”

“That’s not the Becca I remember.” He said.

“Yeah, well, the Becca you remember got locked up in the loony bin. What about you? What happened to the Derrick I knew?”

“Dead. I’m Josh Langley now.” He said. There was a slight sense of pride in his smile. Not quite cocky, but not unconfident either. The look in his eyes seemed to beg her to ask, so she took the bait and asked how. He replied with, “a new chip.” Becca stared at him. A new chip? You couldn’t just swap out a chip like you would a pair of shoes. Chips are your identity. It’s how the government keeps tabs on you. To get a new chip would mean…It’s just as he said. To get a new chip would give you a new identity. But could she believe him? She was talking to someone locked in a insane asylum. Sanitarium. Wherever they were.

“And how did you go about getting this new chip?” Becca asked. She figured she’d play along until the physical therapist came back and shooed him out. Didn’t want to piss this guy off and get shanked later.

“Witness protection.” Josh replied. He was either oblivious or uncaring of Becca’s attempts to scoot away from him. “I’m a whistle blower.”

“What did you witness?” Becca asked. She was at the edge of the table unable to scoot away any farther. Her legs were still jellified after the work out. If she tried to walk away she’d probably fall flat on her face.

He paused for a moment seemingly trying to find the right words. “It’s not what I witnessed; it’s what I did. I changed sides. I worked for them, and ran. I designed the games that tormented children.”

“I-I have to go.” Becca said. This guy was nuts!

“I’m here searching for other survivors- like yourself. I read your file. I believe you.” She froze right before she was about to push herself off the table. Not one person had said those words to her. “You’re not crazy.”

“But I had a split personality! I was turning into a child!”

He cocked his head to the side for a moment before replying, “What do you mean ‘had’?”

“Crystal and I…merged.” His eyes widened. Now it was his turn to be shocked. “I wanted to bring her back with me as her own person, but.”

“Crystal as in… green hair, purple eyes, lifeless?”

“Lifeless? She wasn’t lifeless, but yes, that was her.”

“I…I know it. I’ve been running from it. That AI is a lifeless machine…What do you mean you merged?”

Becca shrugged her shoulders. “It’s a long story.” Josh persisted until she let up. “She’s not an AI. She’s my split personality.” Now it was his turn to scoot away. His eyes were wide with fear. His face ghostly pale.

“We’ve been trying to delete that program for years! It’s a virus! It goes through the Sphere stealing information for the SPP.”

“She’s not a virus!” Becca insisted. “She’s a person! With thoughts and feelings and…”

“No. Crystal is a program designed to steal sensitive information from government programs and infect everything it touches. I’d know. I helped make it!” He said. His eyes were fierce. “I made many Crystal’s and unleashed them into the Sphere. Those games that traumatized kids. Where do you think they came from? I uploaded the program into a Crystal and sent it out. It would then find a suitable target meeting our criteria and infect the game they went into.”

“That’s…that’s not possible! She was my friend! I lived with her. She had real feelings.”

“The only thing that program knows how to do is destroy! If its infected your avatar, we need to get it out!” Josh said. He stared at her with a stern expression. He must have seen she wasn’t going to budge. Crystal was part of her! She wasn’t a program!

He turned his attention to the tablet in his hands. He flipped through some pictures before showing her the screen. “Is this her?” She stared at the image dumbfounded.

“Hey, you can’t be in here!” A voice called out. They looked up to see the physical therapist returning with her ice. Josh grabbed the tablet from her hands and stood up before giving Becca one last look.

“When you can walk, meet me in my room.”

Josh was right. That was her. At the same time though, it wasn’t. The green hair and violet eyes were unmistakable. But that picture, it was of a little girl. Was it… the same little girl that followed her all those years ago? If that Crystal was a virus, who the hell had she been sleeping next to for all those months?

