Behind Closed Doors

Author: SashaButters

*015*2020-09-17 09:21

I thought things had been going in the right direction, but Mr. Montgomery seemed worried. Since Debbie’s supporters were dwindling fast I thought that meant we were winning.

“Public opinion isn’t what decides a jury’s decision.” He told me. “Evidence does.”

I thought about everything that had been presented so far. We had receipts, an open antifreeze bottle under the sink, blood work results, facebook posts, you name it.

He tried to reassure me he’d get the conviction, but I could tell he didn’t have the confidence he once had.

“I don’t understand.” I admitted. “We have so much evidence.”

“Our whole case is based on circumstantial evidence. No one's saying you weren't poisoned, but our job is to prove it was her without a shadow of a doubt.”

“Her fingerprints were all over the bottle!”

“Yes, but it was her bottle. Don’t worry though, there’s been lots of cases convicted with circumstantial evidence, I just want you to be aware that it’s not a slam dunk case just because people think she did it.”

I was baffled. I thought the whole point of this was to make the jury think she did it. It seemed more complicated than I had originally thought.

“What would be considered hard evidence?” my mom asked. She sipped her cheap instant coffee from the vending machine and I nursed my coke. We had 15 minutes left of recess before court readjourned and he was coaching me again on what to say.

“We would need to be able to prove no one else had access to the antifreeze bottle but Debrah. As we know though, several people had access including neighbors coming in and out, you, your sister. The defense has eye witness claiming you poisoned yourself-”

“I did not!” I fumed. I thought of my former friends taking the stand the other day. “I can’t believe they did that to me!”

“It’s not their fault, honey. They were subpoenaed.” My mom said.

“Of course we know your drink had been tampered with, but without an eye witness, it leaves too much reasonable doubt.” Mr. Montgomery said. “You were seen by three people putting antifreeze into your drink and chugging it.”

“I didn’t know there was antifreeze in it.” I moaned.

I relaxed my clenched fists and sighed. I was really starting to hate the phrase “reasonable doubt”

“Of course you didn’t know, honey.”

“Unless we have an eye witness who saw Debbie pour the antifreeze into your drink, the best we can nail her for is negligence for leaving the bottle under the sink around children.”

It was bad timing my science class had talked about the dangers of people trying to get drunk off of household products that week. It was just my luck antifreeze had been one of such household chemicals mentioned. The defense was now claiming along with being an attention whore, I was also just plain stupid.

According to the defense, I thought it was a great idea to try and get drunk off ethylene glycol after hearing about it in science class... despite having been shown horrific images and stories of what it does to you. Just seeing that cup of activated charcoal you would have to chug to absorb the poison was enough to make you gag. That’s not even mentioning getting your stomach pumped. Oh and yeah… the whole your kidneys shut down and you die thing was also kind of a turn off.

Mr. Montgomery had done a pretty good job of shutting down their theory. If I had wanted to get drunk, I could have just gone home and helped myself to my parents alcohol stash in the cupboard. I had a key. I wanted to know who the hell thought 12 year old girls were trying to get drunk in the first place. Although...I may have sampled from the forbidden grape juice bottle. I wasn’t impressed. Grape juice wasn’t supposed to burn!

“You guys ready?” Mr. Montgomery asked. I looked to my mom for reassurance and we both nodded. It was time to talk about the second time I had gotten sick.

####

I had really and truly believed that was my phone on the counter. I wasn’t trying to snoop. We had the same purple case and everything. The moment I heard the shower turn on Sunday night I had dove for it. I just wanted a few minutes to check my facebook feed. Like any 12 year old girl, tomboy or not, I was having major social media withdrawals.

When I turned it on, I realized right away this wasn’t my phone. The amount of open facebook messenger chats was staggering. I panicked. The phone kept buzzing and buzzing with incoming messages. How many conversations could this lady hold at once? I was about to turn it back off when I saw a message from someone I recognized. Chastity Reynolds. The school nurse.

I clicked on it and began to read. I was right. She had told Debbie I was accusing her of child abuse. I couldn’t believe it. This had to be illegal. Wasn’t there confidentiality laws? Wasn’t she a mandated reporter? Why would she run straight to the abuser in question and tattle?

More importantly were Debbie’s messages. My mouth almost dropped. The way she had managed to narrate the events in her favor was nothing short of pure poetry.

Debbie: I’m so over my head! I don’t know how much longer I can do this. I just want to spend the remaining time I have with James in peace. I couldn’t believe her parents just dropped them off on my doorstep and took off to Europe like I have nothing better to do.

Chastity: I can’t believe how selfish they’re being! Don’t they understand your grieving? If there’s anything at all I can do for you please let me know!

Debbie: Thank you, I don’t know what I’d do without you. God has truly blessed me by sending you into my life. I’m making myself sick trying to take care of all three of them. I just want to be with my boy in his final days. Eliza clearly has problems of her own, but I just can’t wrap my head around her accusations. Why?

Chastity: You poor thing, I can’t even begin to imagine what you’re going through. I don’t think Eliza understands the situation. She is just a kid. I wouldn’t worry about it, given what you’ve told me, I think it’s a mix of concern for James and a cry for attention. You were waiting on her hand and foot when she was sick, and now that your attention is back to James, she is feeling left out. With the four year old still in diapers, I have a feeling the parents aren't very attentive to them. You have an amazing heart to be caring for them the way you are, despite everything. They are truly blessed to have you in their lives.

Debbie: Thank you, but I’m so scared. What if she keeps spreading rumors and the police come knocking on my door and take James away? I couldn’t live with myself if I missed even a single minute of his life.

Chastity: Don’t worry, you just leave that to me. No one’s going to separate you two.

I exited out and began going through the other conversations. They were all filled with the same sort of thing. “There’s a girl staying with me making accusations against me. I’m so scared I’ll lose James.” They all seemed to follow the same pattern. Everyone showered her with compliments and praise and let her know she was a terrific mother. I was so engrossed I hadn’t heard Debbie come in.

“What are you doing with my phone?” she demanded.

I exited out of facebook and brought up the calculator. I showed her. “I needed it for homework and I couldn’t find one.”

“I saw you doing something, don’t lie to me.” I hung my head.

“Well, I- I just wanted to check my facebook.” It wasn’t entirely a lie.

“So you thought you could sneak it while I was in the shower?” she asked, hands on hips.

“Sorry,” I mumbled.

“Bed. Go!” She demanded. I picked up my stuff and headed over to the back bedroom. It was only a little after eight, but I felt like I had dodged a bullet. I wondered how mad she would be if she knew I had been reading through her messages. And she had the nerve to tell me I was looking for attention? I was starting to understand why she didn’t want me around. It was so she could talk on the phone about me to her friends. She was fishing for compliments and using me as live bait.

I hugged my pillow to my chest. I still had math homework, but it would have to wait. I really did need a calculator. After the week I had, I was tired of always being portrayed as the bad guy. I really didn’t want to know what kind of texts she was sending my mom. I knew they weren't good. I started refusing the phone whenever it was handed to me, and after a few days my mom stopped asking to talk to me. I was scared to know what kind of trouble I’d be in when she got home, but I missed my parents so much. I’d deal with the consequences of whatever half truth she told them if it meant being home and feeling safe.

I was even halfway tempted to call for Lily just to feel some kind of affection. I didn’t think she was mad at me, but I knew Debbie had turned her into a pawn. Lily never left her side.

“What’s wrong, Eliza? You look down.” Vicks asked. I shrugged and took my seat. I had gotten after school detention for not finishing my math homework. Now I would miss the bus and have to call Debbie and ask for a ride.

“Rough week.” I admitted. I unzipped my lunch pail and looked inside surprised to find my container of Mio sitting there along with a sandwich, orange and crackers. I picked it up and ogled it. “That’s weird.”

“What?” Katie asked. I held up the Mio.

“The lady I’m staying with took it away because it was bad for me.” I shrugged and squirted it into my water flask. I took a swig and sighed. “Ahh, flavor.”

Vick’s let me borrow her cell phone so I could catch up on facebook. I was disappointed to find I hadn’t missed anything in a week. I half heartedly sipped on my water bottle and scrolled through the page, stopping on a picture of my parents standing in front of the Eiffel Tower. I hit the heart icon in an attempt to show them I meant no ill will. I stared longingly at them wishing they would be home soon.

“I miss you.” I wrote in the comments and hit send. I just wanted to talk to them without getting yelled at.

I was about to scroll down further, when the letters on the page began to dance and swirl. I tried blinking, but the words on the page wouldn’t sit still. I closed my eyes as the cafeteria began to sway back and forth.

“Thankth, I’m done.” I said handing the phone back to Vicks’. I rested my head in my hands trying to get the swaying sensation to stop.

“Aren't you going to eat?” Katie asked. I looked up at her. My stomach rolled with the waves of the imaginary ocean.

“N-no.” I said. I could feel myself breaking into a cold sweat. Not here. Not now. Please no. I imagined a lighter flickering to life with the fuse to my stomach just inches away.

“You don’t look so good.” Vicks said.

“I think I thould go to the baththoom.” I could hear my speech beginning to slur. I stood up and stumbled. One of my friends caught me by the arm before I could hit the ground. The flame was getting closer to the fuse. This was bad, this was very bad. If I lost control here the whole school would see. It would cause an unprecedented chain reaction that would forever go down in history.

I remember making eye contact with a pair of brown eyes across the cafeteria belonging to Mr. Philips. And then… all hell broke loose. The fuse had been lit. There was screaming, running, gagging and vomiting. I had nailed one friend from the front and the other from the back. Why oh why had I worn thin shorts today? There was a mass stampede out of the cafeteria. It was every man, woman, and child for themselves. With every exit blocked I had nowhere to go. My heart was racing. My blood pressure was crashing. I could no longer see where anything or anyone had gone. The ringing in my ears was drowning out every other noise. I collapsed to the floor in a puddle of I didn’t want to know what. It wouldn't stop.

I was convinced everyone had left me when a pair of huge, strong arms picked me up off the ground and began to run. I repaid their kindness by shitting on them with every other step they took.

“CHASTITY!” The person carrying me yelled. They set me down on the pavement before running inside. I made quick work of claiming the spot, and the surrounding area, as my own. “Over here!”

My eyes were shut tight. I didn’t want to see. Everything hurt so bad. My head, my stomach, my throat. How had things changed so much in ten minutes? What was wrong with me? I felt a pair of hands gently guide me down, and turn my head to the side so I could lay down without drowning in my own vomit.

“What happened?”

“I don’t know, I heard kids screaming and looked up to find her gushing everywhere. Should we call an ambulance?”

“Let me call her guardian and see what she wants to do.”

“No,” I gasped between heaves. “Debbie did this. Hospital!” I begged. I opened my eyes to find Mr. Philips leaning over me.

“Debbie Martnif?”

“Yes.” I rasped. I could see his lips tighten in disbelief. Why would no one believe me? Why did every single person in town seem to know her? “Please help.”

“Help Is coming.” he promised. He held my hand despite it being coated in guck.

“She’s on her way.” Chastity said. I moaned.

“She’s hurting me!”

“No one is hurting you.” Chastity said.

“What’s going on out he- oh my god!” I heard a gagging sound and looked up to see the school principal. He had a fist pressed against his lips and his eyes shut tight. “What happened?”

“That’s what we’re trying to figure out. I called her guardian, she’s on her way!”

“What was that you said about someone hurting you?” Mr. Philips asked.

“It’s nothing, don’t worry about it.” Chastity said.

Mr. Philips held his hands up. “This doesn’t look like nothing to me. Let her talk.”

“This doesn’t concern you, I’ve already contacted the proper authorities. It sounds like you should be in the cafeteria where this started.”

“What is this about? Who is she saying is hurting her?” The principal stepped forward, before turning his head and fighting against his gag response with several coughs.

“The police have already investigated and found her claims to have no merit.” Chastity said.

“They’ve investigated who? Why wasn’t I informed of this before? What’s going on?”

“Because she was making outlandish claims brought on paranoia due to an illness and-”

“Lies!” I choked out. I could feel darkness closing in now and I wanted it to take me more than I’d wanted anything else. “She’s covering-” I couldn’t finish before another wave of dry heaves attacked me. I gagged, burped, coughed, choked and vomited blue stained bile.

“Shh, it’s okay.” Chastity said. “Save your strength.”

“Do I need to get the police involved?” The principal asked.

Chastity answered, “no” while Mr. Philips and I answered, “yes”.

“I’m calling.” He said before pulling out his cell phone and dialing 9-1-1. He stepped a few feet away so I couldn’t hear what he was saying.

“We’re going to get you help now.” Mr. Philips said. “They’re on their way.”

“What did you take, Eliza? We need to tell the police what you took.”

“Nothing.” I whispered. “Things started moving and-”

“Did you take a pill or a tablet?”

“What?” I was so confused. Nothing was making sense. Was an ambulance coming to pick me up? I closed my eyes and refused to answer any more questions. It felt like less than a minute had passed before I heard Chastity shout. “Over here!”

“Oh my God, Eliza sweetie, what happened to you?” I could hear Debbie’s voice going in and out.

“No,” I moaned almost inaudible. “It’s her.”

“Ma’am you need to wait here, the police are on their way.”

“I can’t wait! I need to get her to the hospital!” Debbie said. She knelt down next to me and rubbed my head. “We’re going to get you help.” I kept hearing that, but here I was still lying in a pool of my own waste. “Tell them to meet me at Community Memorial.”

The only problem was she didn’t take me to the hospital. She took me back home and gave me a shower. After rinsing me off, changing my clothes and putting me back in a diaper, she drove me back to the little clinic off the avenue. She had to push me in a wheelchair to get me in the door with Lily trailing along behind us.

“Is she gonna die?” Lily asked.

“No, sweetie, she’ll be fine. She’s just having an allergic reaction.”

I wish I could say how the appointment went, but I really don’t remember. Debbie did all the talking to the lady at the front desk while Lily occasionally poked me and asked if she could have my stuff if I died. The next thing I knew I was lying down on a gurney in the back connected to an IV of fluids. After what I thought was ten minutes with my eyes closed I found myself back in the bedroom at Debbie’s.

I sat up startled. Had it all been a dream? The soggy diaper around my waist told me it hadn’t. I tried yelling for Debbie, but found I didn’t have a voice. I grimaced as I swallowed. It burned so bad. It was dark now as I tried to feel around the room. My hands felt something cool. I picked it up, unscrewed the cap and began guzzling it.

“Debbie.” I moaned, barely over a whisper. There was a baby monitor around here somewhere. Unable to yell, I took to banging the water bottle against the side of the bed until she came.

“How do you feel?” she asked, placing a cool hand against my forehead. She flicked on the light forcing me to shield my eyes.

“Bad.” I croaked. If I thought I had felt sick last time it was nothing to how I felt now. I wanted to cry from the pain. Something was pinching my wrist. I held it up to find a plastic medical bracelet tight against my skin. I tried prying it off with my hands, but I was too weak. I held up my wrist and she cut it off with a pair of scissors.

“Your wrists are swollen.” I rubbed my wrist and found I couldn’t wrap my fingers around either one of them. “Drink some more water.” I took another swig as Debbie filled me in.

They had given me some pain medicine that had made me a little too loopy. She said I had been awake for the appointment and somewhat coherent, but I couldn’t remember a thing.

“Eliza, I want you to be honest with me. Were you drunk?”

“No.”

“Did you take anything? A pill? A tablet? Did someone offer you something?”

“No.” I whispered. It hurt to get any words out, but I tried my best to explain what happened. “It was like last time. Felt bad, tried to get away, but…What’s wrong with me?”

“I don’t know. Your urine came back clean this time, but they gave you another round of the same medicine as last time just in case.”

“What time is it?”

“A little after 3 am. You’ve been sleeping all day.”

I nodded and laid back down.

“You have to stop telling people I’m doing this to you. Eliza, look at me. I am not making you sick. I am not making James sick. I don’t know what’s going on with you right now, but I can’t afford to have people questioning my parenting. I just want to be with James. The police came by this afternoon. I answered all their questions, walked them through James’s care, and let them have a look around. They said everything was in order and left. I hope this calms whatever suspicion you seem to have about me.”

I let out a soft grunt. I didn’t care right now. I felt like I was dying.

“We’ll discuss this later when you’re more conscious. Lay back and I’ll get you situated. You’re leaking on the bed sheets.”

I closed my eyes and was asleep before she even finished unfolding a fresh one.

###

It had been another emotional day in court. I had had to relive one of my worst memories in front of a courtroom full of strangers. According to Mr. Philips, rumors of what I had done to the inside of that cafeteria still circulated to this day, spread on to the incoming 6th graders by none other than Mr. Philips himself.

“Worst day of my career by far.” he had said. “After we made sure that girl Eliza was off to the hospital, I got sent to the cafeteria. I almost threw down my mop and quit on the spot.”

“Swing by the mailbox before we get home.” My mom said. My dad pulled around the corner and checked the CBU. He flipped through the letters and I could tell he wasn’t happy with something he saw in them.

“What is it?” My mom asked him when he got back inside. He handed her the letter.

“It’s a subpoena.” He said. “For Lily.”

*018*2020-09-18 06:26

{{18 hours ago, Flower said:

I just found this and it is amazing! This could be published as a thriller or be made into a movie. This was way different ton what in was expecting when I began reading but I am hooked. Please keep up the great work!

}}

Thanks ^^ I appreciate that. This is just something I threw together this week, but if you like it you might like some of my other stuff. I just finished "What Happened to Ella Marsh" Not that long ago.

*019*2020-09-19 11:02

I stared at the letter then back to my parents. I could feel a sense of dread begin to wash over me. My little sister? Why? She had no part in this! She was four then! Could they even mandate a seven year old to court? What about parental permission? There was no way my parents would allow this to happen!

I wasn’t particularly close to Lily. Like most teenagers, I preferred the company of my boyfriend to my bratty little sister, but now I felt an overwhelming and fierce desire to shield her from the experience. I’m not even sure if she understood what happened to me back then. The thought of them reducing Lily to tears on the stand made me feel sick to my stomach.

“Can they do this?” I asked.

“I don’t know.” My dad answered.

A quick call to Mr. Montgomery revealed that yes, yes they could.

I understood why I had to be in court. Debbie had demanded her 6th amendment right to face her accuser, and since I was the one who had blown the whistle, it had been my job to look her in the eye and say “She’s the one who tried to kill me.” I could have stopped after that, but I wanted to see this through to the end no matter how painful.

Lily though? Why would the defense of all people want her as a witness? All she would say was how much fun she had had and...oh. I realized with a sinking suspicion their motivations. “Debbie was no nice”

“Debbie was so fun”

“Debbie never hurt me”. It was another ploy to make her out to be mom of the year. They wanted her as a character witness.

The thought of Lily on the stand filled me with dread, but it also made me laugh a little. While she had been a little slow at first, she had caught back up with other kids her age once she had started school. Now she was a chatterbox. Good luck keeping her on topic I thought with some amusement. I could just picture the flustered look on Mr. Reynold’s face as Lily rambled off about the plot of the television show she had been watching that day instead of what Debbie and I had been up to. Debbie really could have gotten away with murder as long as she turned on the tv first.

###

The week had been nothing but pure agony. I had been reduced to a helpless lump on the mattress, as Debbie bathed me, changed me, fed me, and nursed me back to health. I was at her mercy, and I hated myself for not hating it. I should have been ashamed, embarrassed, and humiliated. Every bone in my body screamed at me to hate her. She had done this to me. She had made me sicker than I had ever been in my entire life. I don’t know how she did it, but I knew she had. And yet… she was so gentle.

Somehow, I was no longer the enemy. She no longer picked a fight with me over every little thing. She didn’t send me out to the garage to find missing items that didn’t exist.

I wanted to swat her hand away when she tried to brush my hair, but the bristles on my scalp felt so soothing. I wanted to take a shower by myself and keep what little dignity I had, but the sensation of a warm washcloth up my back and down my arms was so relaxing. She was a different person altogether when she was caring for someone, and I was a different person when I was cared for. She had me in her hands and she knew it.

I knew in the back of my mind I was still in danger. Every bite of food she offered me, every sip of water I took from a water bottle held up to my mouth could be my last. Yet a part of me still questioned how a person so caring and gentle as her could do this to someone. The thing that still kept me grounded to reality was the diapers. I had never in my life been so sick I had to be put in diapers before coming to stay here.

I understood the first two days. Those were the worst. I was like a maple tree tapped for syrup, but instead of sweet sugary goodness, you realized the tree had been only meant for decoration to cover the sewer line running through the trailer park. I thought it would never end. Every episode left me a sniffling mess, not from embarrassment but from the burning pain. When I heard the snapping of a latex glove, I was like a dog hearing a bell, but instead of a treat I got Preparation H. I never thought I’d be so happy to have someone stick their finger on my butthole, but here we are.

On the third day, it would have been an agonizing walk, but I knew I could make it to the bathroom if she’d let me. On the fourth day, I no longer had “the runs”, but she wouldn’t let me out of the damn diaper unless I had to poop. Now I was going on a week and my mental faculties had returned. I was feeling ridiculous wearing a diaper with the bathroom a few feet away. She could at least give me a pull on so I could use the bathroom. I knew she had them.

I was still too sick to go back to school, and I dreaded showing my face there. Debbie had given me my phone back and my exorcist episode had been the latest gossip on social media. Yet not a single message from my parents. No, “How are you feeling?” No, “Get better soon.” and not a single “I miss you.” When Debbie caught me crying, I told her it was because my stomach hurt. She gave me some Ibuprofen and sent me back to bed.

“Do they know I’m sick?” I asked her when she tucked me in.

“Your parents? Yes, I talked to them on the day I picked you up from school. They haven’t called since.” She must have seen my crushed expression. “When they do get back, you’re more than welcome to visit me and James whenever you want, sweetie.”

“Thanks,” I mumbled. I couldn’t fathom what I had done to make them so mad at me, but I knew truth had always been there staring me in the face. Nothing. It wasn’t that they were mad at me, it's just that they didn’t really care. I could feel hot tears rolling down my face.

“Talk to me, sweetie.” I knew she knew it wasn’t my stomach that was bothering me.

“I’m just Lily’s babysitter to them. I haven’t had a single conversation with them that wasn’t just my mom bitching at me since they left, and there wasn’t a single text or phone call from them or my friends and I’m scared they don’t care and they’re not coming back.” The words were tumbling out of my mouth before I could stop them. I was crying now, unable to hold back the crashing waves of despair and loneliness I had been bottling up for so long.

“They’re coming back, sweetie, I promise. Just hang in there for a few more days.”

“A week.”

“A week, that’s right.” I felt her fingers gently sweep my bangs back like I had seen her do to James. I hated being touched, so why? Why was I putty in her hands?

“They’ll miss my birthday.” I cried. It was in three days. It wasn’t any birthday either, I would be thirteen. A teenager! Wasn’t that worth being here for?

“Well I’ll make sure you have a special birthday, don’t you worry.” I gave her a weak smile. It wouldn’t be the same.

I laid back in bed as she turned off the lights. I was just about to fall asleep when I heard my phone vibrate. I groped around the covers until I found it. It was a notification from Facebook Messenger. A small head I didn’t recognize popped up in the corner. I pressed it and the image expanded. A chill went up my back.

Eliza, this is Mark Philips from Woodcrest Jr. High. I need to talk to you-

I panicked and exited out before reading the wall of text. Why was the school janitor trying to connect with me on facebook? Was he that mad about the mess I had made so he tracked me down just to scold me? I tried and tried to work up the courage to open up the message and read it. It was the only one I had gotten after all. What was I so afraid of?

- about the incident last week. You said some things that really concerned me.

I inwardly groaned from the embarrassment. How had I been so stupid as to think Debbie would hurt us? I was ashamed of the accusations I had made based on a stomach flu and the clicking and knocking of a critically ill 14 year old boy.

I overheard your friends say you haven’t returned any of their texts or phone calls.

What texts and phone calls?

My wife works as an E.R. nurse at Community Memorial and she says you were never brought in. I know there’s other hospitals you could have been taken to, but something in my gut ain’t sittin’ right with the way this is bein’ handled. It could be me bein’ over dramatic and stickin’ my nose where it got no business bein’, but I’d appreciate you lettin’ me know you’re alright. Here’s my wife’s number. If you’re in trouble, she can get you the help you need. She’s got connections.

I smiled as I read the message. He was the first person to show any kind of concern for me. Not my parents, nor my friends had sent a single message asking me how I was feeling. What was that though about him overhearing them? What did he mean I wasn’t returning their calls? They hadn’t reached out to me in the first place.

Hi, Mr. Philips. I’m okay now, thanks for asking. I don’t know why I said what I said. She’s been really nice to me. Just forget I ever mentioned it. I wasn’t okay then. I didn’t go to the hospital. Debbie took me home to get changed, then to the urgent care. What do you mean my friends say I’m not returning their calls? You’re the first person to get a hold of me.

I fell asleep before I ever got a response. When I woke up the next day I had three missed phone calls from a number I didn’t recognize, and several messages from Mr. Philips.

She didn’t take you to a hospital straight away? Why not?

She said she tried to, but was told the wait would be too long.

I wasn’t expecting a reply back anytime soon since it was a friday afternoon, but my phone dinged only a few minutes after I had set my phone down to get changed. Since I had gotten sick this last time, I had become a frequent bedwetter. I could hold it okay during the day, although I had never really put it to the test, but I couldn’t make it through the night.

“Do you want to shower?” Debbie asked me. I nodded. My waist felt gross after spending the night stewing in my own urine. My skin was beginning to grow, puffy, red and irritated. She lowered the safety railing on the bed and walked me over to the chair in the shower. I could move around by myself, but I was having trouble first thing in the morning. I examined my ankles and wrists as Debbie adjusted the water temperature. They were still swollen and tender. Walking was a little tricky until I got the blood moving through them. I had fallen in the shower my first attempt at bathing myself, despite promising to sit in the chair. I had gotten up too fast and that seemed all the reason she needed to insist I wasn’t ready for independence.

It was still embarrassing to be seen naked, but the moment her fingers began rubbing shampoo through my frizzy, red hair and into my scalp I was compliant to her every demand. Lift my right leg? You got it. Now my left? Sure. Turn around so you can wash my back? Absolutely. Spread my legs? Okay.

“You’re antsy, what’s wrong?” she asked. I had been bouncing my leg and curling my toes for a few minutes now.

“N-nothing.” I lied. I may have emptied my bladder in the night, but the moment the shower had turned on I realized I had to go again. The diaper had already been removed, and I hadn’t even thought of it before it had been disposed of. I stared at the toilet, but I was way too shy to use it in front of anyone.

“You’re not as relaxed as you usually are.” She commented. My fists were clenched at my sides and thighs were jammed together. When she asked me to spread my legs I knew I was in trouble. I tried to stand up, but a single hand on my shoulder stopped me. “Where are you going?”

“I need to pee first.” I admitted. I thought she’d let me up and use the toilet, but she didn’t remove her hand.

“You’re wet. I don’t want you slipping. You can go after we’re done.”

“I can’t wait.” I admitted. I didn’t care now if she saw me on the toilet now.

“If you have to pee that bad then just pee here.”

“I-I can wait.” I stammered. I’ve peed in the shower before, it wasn’t just that she would see it, but she would smell it.

“I really don’t care if you pee.” Debbie said. “It’s just going to go down the drain.” I shook my head. “Okay, well. I still need you to open your legs. I noticed you were getting a rash.” I hesitated a moment before reluctantly obeying. It didn’t take long until the first leak. I jammed my legs closed and crossed my ankles out of reflex. I heard Debbie sigh. “Eliza, just pee already. What’s the problem?”

“It’s embarrassing.” I admitted.

“I have literally seen you poop on my walls. Now hurry up and go before I make you.” I felt fingers tickle my right side and I jumped.

“Don’t you dare!” I said. “I’m not ticklish anyway.” I added. It was a huge lie and she knew it.

“Uh-huh. Well, I’m going to finish your shower now, you can do what you want.” She tapped my thigh and I reluctantly opened my legs.

It only took seconds for me to realize I was fighting a losing battle. The warm water splashing between my thighs and lower half was the final straw. Without my say so, my body decided it had had enough of my head games and decided to take matters into its own hands. I sat as still as a statue, stunned and horrified as urine flowed off the edge of the chair and towards the drain. I knew I shouldn’t be embarrassed at this point all things considered, but I was mortified.

I knew something was wrong with me. How was I unable to hold my bladder for such a short amount of time? I contemplated this as I laid out on the bed letting Debbie rub ointment on the sensitive red spots on my skin.

“What’s the matter?” she asked.

“What’s wrong with me?” I asked.

“You have a diaper rash.” Debbie said. I knew she was trying to lighten the mood.

“No, I mean. What’s happening to me? What did the doctor say? I can’t remember a thing.”

“Eliza, would you be honest with me? Do you ever feel like hurting yourself?”

“What? No? Why would I?”

“He had you fill out a mental health questionnaire, and it said your depression score was high.”

“I did? I don’t remember filling anything out.”

“I read the questions to you and recorded your answers.”

“Oh.” I said puzzled. What did this have anything to do with it?

“You admitted last night you’ve been feeling lonely and that your parents don’t pay enough attention to you.”

“Ok?”

“So, would you be honest with me?”

“About what?”

“Why did you do it?”

“Do what? I don’t know what you’re talking about?”

“Were you trying to get your parents to come back?”

“Debbie, I don’t know what you’re talking about.” I said, sitting up and looking at her after she finished taping the diaper to my waist. I was starting to grow irritated. Why wouldn’t she come right out and say it?

“It’s okay to admit if you were. At least we’d know what kind of treatment to get you to.” I glared at her.

“Look, all I remember is I was sitting with my friends at our lunch table, and then I started feeling sick like I had that first night. I don’t know what you’re hinting at, but I didn’t do anything.”

“Okay, okay, calm down. I’m not saying you did anything, but the doctor brought up the possibility that-”

“That what?” I was angry now. I didn’t like where this was going.

“That you might have been doing something to make yourself sick.” I could feel hot tears begin to sting my eyes. Not from sadness this time, but from anger.

“I did not make myself sick!”

“Sweetie, don’t be angry, but the timelines are a little suspicious. The day your parents leave, you make yourself sick in an attempt to make them stay. A couple weeks later, we get in a fight and you get sick again. While I was trying to figure out what happened, the school called me and said you missed detention that day. Were you just scared to tell me you got in trouble at school?”

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. I could barely see through the tears streaming down my face, but I managed to dig through my things, pull on a pair of pants and a t-shirt, slip on my sandals and walk out the door. I couldn’t deal with this anymore. I was going home.

At least that was my plan, until I realized I didn’t have my house keys. Ignoring Debbie’s yells for me to come back, I continued my walk down the street. I pulled out a handful of change out of my pocket and waited for the bus a few blocks away. Along with my house keys, I hadn’t brought my cell phone either. If I wanted to talk to him I’d have to talk to him in person.

When the city bus dropped me off a few blocks down from my school, I sat in the grass and waited. It wasn’t a very good plan, but when school let out for the day I’d find Mr. Philips and tell him everything that was going on. Or better yet… I stood up and walked inside the library I had been sitting in front of. I found a pencil and paper and wrote out, to the best of my ability, what I thought was going on. I folded it up and wrote Mr. Philips’s name on it. Once school got out, and if I could get him alone, I'd hand it to him and he could pass it on to his wife.

When I got to the front of the school and saw who was standing out by the bus stop, my plans changed once again. I made a beeline for them. There was another conversation that needed to be had.

“Vicks, Katie.” I said. They both looked up and ran toward me. I had thought they were ignoring me, but when they both dog piled me, I knew that wasn’t so. My friends would never do that to me.

“What the hell, Eliza?” Vicks’ yelled when she stopped hugging me. “You don’t get to just shit on me and then ghost me all week!”

“We’ve been trying like crazy to get ahold of you and then you send us both this morbid goodbye text. We were starting to think you were planning on offing yourself or something.” Katie threw in.

“What?” I said. My face fell. “I came over to ask you why the hell none of you had even bothered checking up on me? I didn’t get a single text or phone call from either of you while my phone was taken away.” They both looked at each other confused.

“You mean you still haven't had your phone?” Vicks asked.

“I only got it back last night.” Katie pulled out her phone, clicked on our conversation and showed me a long string of unanswered texts begging me to call her. Vicks pulled out her phone and did the same. There at the bottom was a message that sounded nothing like me.

I want to thank you for being my friend and worrying about me, but it’s time for me to say good-bye now.

“You didn’t get any of our texts?” Katie asked. I shook my head.

“I didn’t send that message either.” I said.

“Then who had your phone?”

“Debbie.”

###

I filled my friends in on what had been going on in the last week, minus the diapers of course.

“Don’t you think it’s weird she didn’t take you to the hospital right away...or at all? Urgent care isn’t the same thing.” Katie said.

“I’m starting to.” I said.

“What are you doing here anyway? Not that we’re not glad to see you, but you still look like crap.” Vicks said.

“Thanks.” I said half joking. “I feel like crap. I came to talk to Mr. Philips.”

“The Janitor? He’s been asking if we’ve heard from you. Oh man, you missed it this week! The cafeteria was closed for two full days while they had to bring in someone special to disinfect it. I’m talking full on hazmat suits and everything! They’re saying like 20 different kids threw up. It was everywhere!”

“Including Vicks.” Katie threw in.

“You would have too if you had been standing behind her! She threw up water on you, she shat on me!”

My face turned white listening to them argue over who got the worse deal. I covered my face in embarrassment and moaned.

“Here, you really don’t look too good.” Katie handed me a water bottle from her backpack. I thanked her and took a drink. “Oh and here.” She handed me a little silver bottle and I eagerly accepted it. I squeezed it into my water bottle, shook it, and took a deep, long drink.

“I thought you didn’t like this flavor.” I asked, looking at the now blue half- empty Aquafina bottle.

“I don’t. That’s yours from last week.”

“Eliza? Are you okay? Eliza? ELIZA!”

I was unconscious before my head even hit the pavement.

*021*2020-09-20 12:48

I dreamed I was with James, but we were both teenagers. We held hands on the beach as we sat in the sand, watching the waves crash on the shore. There was a strange beeping noise that didn’t fit with the scenery, but neither of us seemed to care. He wrapped one of his arms around me and pulled me closer. I rested my head on his shoulder and neither of us spoke as we watched the setting sun together. And then Debbie was there pulling him away from me.

“Why did you do it, Eliza? Were you looking for attention?” She yelled at me as she yanked him away. His hand slipped out of mine and I found myself on my back on the pavement with Debbie standing over me. “Did you make yourself sick to get your parents back?” she taunted.

I tried to yell, but no words would come. My throat felt like it had something lodged in it. Now Debbe was replaced by the school nurse. “Her claims had no merit! Eliza? What did you take? I need to tell the police what you took!”

“Why did you make yourself sick?”

“Did your parents not give you enough attention?”

“Did you take a pill or a tablet?”

“Were you scared to tell me you got in trouble at school?”

The voices continued to taunt me. I thrashed at them with my arms, but they never made contact. I tried to yell, but no sound would come out. The beeping was getting louder and louder. I was panicking now.

“Eliza!”

“Eliza?”

“Eliza?”

The room slowly began to come into focus. There was a large white stucco ceiling above me. My head throbbed as I winced at the bright fluorescent lighting. What was going on? Where was I? I could hear a steady beeping coming from somewhere to my right.

I tried to turn my head, but found I couldn’t. Something was strapped to my head to keep it in place. I tried to swallow, but found there was something in my throat. My heart rate increased as I felt a mask over my face. It was hard and plastic, connected to a tube that went into my mouth. The beeping grew louder and faster as my heart rate increased. Warning chimes began sounding. I tried to move, but found I was connected to several tubes and an I.v.

“Eliza, calm down honey, it’s going to be okay.” My eyes grew wide with fright. A woman I didn’t know was standing over me. What was going on? Why did I hurt so bad? Where was I? What happened?

“Shh, shh, it’s okay. You need to calm down.” The strange lady said. How could I calm down?

I pointed frantically to my mouth.

“I know, I know. It must be very uncomfortable, but just bear with it. You’re. hooked up to a ventilator right now.” My eyes grew wide. “You’re in the hospital. I want you to blink once for yes, and twice for no. Can you do that for me?”

Blink.

“Very good, I’m going to ask you a few questions. Do you know why you’re here?”

Blink. Blink.

“You were brought in two weeks ago after ingesting Ethylene Glycol. Do you remember?”

Blink. Blink.

“Do you know what Ethylene Glycol is?”

Blink. Blink.

“It’s a chemical used in antifreeze. Do you have any idea how that got in your system?”

Blink. Blink.

I closed my eyes and tried to remember, but everything was a haze. The pain in my side was preventing me from thinking straight. I pointed to my mid section in hopes she would fill me in. I was dizzy and groggy. I put my arm down after a few seconds. I couldn’t see her anymore above me. I soon fell back to sleep.

I opened my eyes when I heard my name. My eyes filled with tears. It was my dad. I reached for him and he held my hand in his. I knew it had been a long time since I had seen him, but I couldn’t remember why.

“How are you feeling?” He asked. He brushed my hair out of my face. I reached up and no longer felt the mask over my face. I took a deep breath. My throat was raw, but the pipe was no longer there.

“Sore.” I croaked out. “What happened?” I could see his eyes fill with tears.

“We almost lost you.”

“What?”

“You went into kidney failure.” I felt my side and winced. I could feel bandages underneath my blanket. “It’s a good thing you and your mom are the same blood type. It’s probably what saved your life.”

“She gave me her blood?” I asked, still feeling woozy. I could feel myself slipping back into unconsciousness.

“No honey, she gave you one of her kidneys.”

The third time I woke up, my head was clearer than before. I wondered how long I had been asleep. I could now recall the events leading up to this. I looked around the room to find my mom sitting up in a chair reading.

“Mom.”

She looked up and smiled at me. I wondered for a brief moment if I had dreamed that conversation with my dad until I saw her grimace as she slowly got up. I ran my hand along my side, feeling the bandages there.

“Don’t you ever do that to me again! You hear me!?” Her eyes were filled with tears and so were mine.

“My pants! Where are my pants! The note!”

“The police took it as evidence.” She scooted the chair inch by inch until it was as close to my bed as possible. “I’m so confused. What happened while we were gone?”

“Why didn’t you ever call me when I was sick?” I demanded. Her face fell.

“We called almost every day, but Debbie said you wouldn’t talk to us. We didn’t even know you were sick until we got a phone call saying you were in the hospital.”

I shook my head. It had all been lies from the start.

“She poisoned me, mom. She kept me sick the whole time and told me you never called.” I was crying now. “I started getting sick the first night there.”

“Oh, Eliza.” I could see the pain in her eyes. “I didn’t know. They said you drank antifreeze on purpose.”

“No!” I nearly shouted, regretting it at once. “I’d never do this to myself.”

####

I was biting my nails, twirling my hair, bouncing my legs, and doing anything I could to expend this bottomless pit of nervous energy I had. I had been dreading this day all week. It was Lily’s turn to testify today. There were two other witnesses before her. Chastity Reynolds was up first. I almost hated her as much as I hated Debbie.

I watched as Chastity was sworn in and took her seat. She was the defense's witness so they started out.

“How long have you known Debrah Matif?”

“About 15 years.”

“Where do you know her from?”

“Church?”

“And would you consider yourself well acquainted with Debrah?”

“Yes.”

“How would you describe the defendant?”

“She is the most caring, selfless person on the planet.”

She gushed on and on about Debbie and how she could do no wrong. Listening to her was making me sick to my stomach. She organized bake sales to feed the homeless, car washes for youth group mission trips, and was always willing to lend a hand to those in need. By the end of it, I was feeling rather unnerved.

It didn’t get interesting until it was the prosecution's turn to cross examine her.

“Mrs. Reynolds, would you mind telling the court what you do for a living?”

“I’m a school nurse.”

“At what school?”

“Woodcrest Jr. High.”

“Isn’t that the same school Eliza went to when she fell ill?”

“Umm, yes, I think so.”

“Did you ever treat Eliza? To the best of your knowledge did she ever come to you looking for maybe something for a headache, or just to lie down.”

“I don’t recall.”

“I have here the sign in records that show Eliza checking in two times. The first time on October the 7th at 7:38 Am, and the second time on October 7th at 1:57 pm.”

“Yes, I remember now. She came in with a note from her guardian explaining why she had been out of school.”

“Do you recall the contents of that note by any chance?”

“Not really no.”

Mr. Montgomery picked up a piece of paper off the bench and held it up. He approached Chastity and held it up. “Do you recognize this? This is a copy of the letter found in your office.”

“Yes, I recognize it.”

“Can you tell me who wrote it?”

“Debra Martiff.”

“Would you mind reading the letter out loud for us?”

Chastity,

This is my neighbors daughter who is currently under my care. She has been exhibiting some strange symptoms. I am unsure if the cause is physical or psychological. I have taken her to the clinic, and they are unsure if her illness is natural or the result of self harming behavior. She is on medication for the injury she sustained. She is still exhibiting odd attention seeking behavior, such as inventing stories and pants wetting. I believe she comes from a neglectful home. In the meantime I am just following her lead and trying to give her the attention she is obviously craving. I have packed a few pull-on diapers in her backpack in case she tries anything. Also please do not worry if she tells you anything that would raise alarms. If you have any questions please call me as her parents are out of the country and cannot be reached at this time.

Debrah Martnif

“That’s a pretty odd letter to be sending the school nurse.” Mr. Montgomery said. “What did you do after reading the letter?”

“I wrote her a hall pass so she could use the restroom when needed since there was still the possibility her symptoms were legitimate.”

“Did she open up to you about anything? Did she maybe share any concerns with you?”

“I don’t recall.”

“Did she maybe ask for your advice? Or express a concern for her well being?”

“She might have. I don’t recall.”

“We’ll come back to that. So later that day, why did Eliza return to your office?”

“To rest instead of participating in physical education.”

“Did you feel she was ditching classes, or did she appear to be in legitimate distress?”

“She appeared to be in distress.”

“What happened?”

“I took her temperature. I noticed she looked very pale, and when she got up she stumbled and fell. She then proceeded to have a urinary accident, as the note said she might.”

“Did you feel her fall and accident were just for show?”

“No, she seemed visibly upset, shaken and appeared unwell.”

I cringed at the memory. I wanted to bury my head and hide as she retold the story of how I had had an accident on the floor. I felt a large arm wrap around my shoulder.

“If this is too much for you, you can always go for a walk outside.” My dad whispered to me. I shook my head and continued listening.

“Was there another time you witnessed Eliza in legitimate distress?”

“Yes.”

“Please tell me what happened.”

“Mr. Phillips, the school janitor, came running in and told me a student was outside getting violently ill. I followed him and found Eliza on the ground getting sick. I proceeded to call her guardian to see what she wanted us to do.”

“I have several witnesses claiming they heard Eliza telling them her guardian was poisoning her and that you said, and I quote, ‘The police have already investigated and the claims have been found to have no merit.’”

“I don’t recall saying that.”

“We have three eye witnesses, which leads me to believe you have heard Eliza make these claims before.”

The lawyers argued back and forth for a bit and the judge had to break it up as he chastised both of them. He then gave Mr. Montgomery the go ahead to proceed.

“So I’ll ask you again about the morning of October 7th. Did Eliza confide in you that she felt she was in danger?”

I leaned forward. I could see Chastity sweating from where I was as I inwardly praised Mr. Montgomery. It was nice not to be the one who’s testimony they were trying to rip to shreds.

There was a long pause before Chastity answered. “She asked me if ‘hypothetically’ if she thought someone was hurting her, what should she do.”

“And what did you say?”

“That she should tell someone.”

“What did she tell you?”

“That she thought her guardian was poisoning herself and the guardians son.”

“Now answer me this. Are you or are you not a mandated reporter of suspected child abuse as a school nurse.”

“I am.”

“And did you report this allegation?”

“I felt that there was no suspected child abuse.”

“But you just admitted Eliza said she thought she was being abused? How is that not enough to warrant suspicion? And what about the eyewitnesses account of you stating that the police had already been informed? Did you or did you not file a report?”

Chastity didn’t reply.

Mr. Montgomery stormed to the opposite end of the courtroom, picked up another piece of paper and slammed it down in front of Chastity. The judge gave him another warning and he apologized before returning to the task at hand. “Do you recognize these messages between you and the defendant that were pulled from her Facebook account?”

“No, I do not.”

“Are you sure, because this date stamp here says they were sent less than 30 minutes after Eliza confided in you. So not only did you fail to report suspected child abuse, but you purposefully and knowlingly went behind a childs back and told their abuser they were making accusations against them.”

“Um, well, the letter had said…”

“It gets even better! Because just two weeks later, while you are seeing for yourself that this child is critically ill, you lie about making a report in order to discredit the victims statement as the victim is lying in a puddle of her own vomit just feet away from you! Then to rub salt in the wound you once again deny the victim's plea for help and instead of calling an ambulance, you call the abuser. You let a child almost die in order to protect your friend!”

Chastity was left speechless.

“The prosecution has no more questions, your honor.”

As angry as I was at her, I couldn’t deny that I hadn’t been the only victim of Debbie’s manipulation.

I watched as another character witness came and went. I didn’t know him, and his statement made little impact on the case compared to the bombshell Mr. Montgomery just dropped. I was on the edge of my seat now. It was time for the moment that had my stomach twisted into knots. Lily’s testimony.

She came out the back when she was called wearing a little yellow dress looking like the angel I knew she wasn’t. I bit down on my lip and bounced my knee.

“Please don’t say anything dumb.” I whispered.

“It’ll be okay.” My dad said.

“What’s your name, honey?” the judge asked.

“Lily Thompson.”

“How old are you, Lily?”

“Seven.”

“Do you remember your time staying with Debrah Martnif?”

“Yes.”

“Now, Lily, do you understand the difference between the truth and a lie?”

“Yes.”

“If I told you my hair was purple, would that be a truth or a lie?”

Lilly giggled. “A lie.”

“What about if I told you my robe was black? Is that a truth or a lie.”

“Truth.”

“Very good. Counselor you may proceed.”

Mr. Reynolds approached Lily as I curled my hands into fists.

“Hi, there, Lily,” he said. His posture was much more relaxed than it had been just moments ago. “How would you describe your old neighbor, Mrs. Martnif?”

“Fun!” Lily said with a smile on her face. This was already going about as well as I expected it to.

“What did you do while you were there?”

“Umm, jumped on the trampoline, and watched tv, and we made cookies together. Oh and we went swimming.”

“Sounds like a good time.”

“Yeah!”

“Now did Mrs. Martnif ever threaten you in any way?”

“No, oh wait, yes.”

“How so?”

“She said I couldn’t jump on the trampoline if I had an accident.”

I pinched the bridge of my nose as the courtroom laughed.

“Did she ever hit you?”

“We had a pillow war with the living room couch cushions. She hit me with pillows. That was fun.”

“Did she hurt you?”

“No.”

“Did you ever get sick while you were there?”

“No.”

“Did you ever feel unsafe in any way?”

“No, she had pool floaties, so ever though I couldn’t swim, I wasn’t scared.”

“Well, that’s good to know.” He said with a laugh. “Now I’m going to show you a picture of something and I want you to tell me if you’ve ever seen it before. Do you recognize this?”

A picture of the Mio bottle flashed on the screen.

“Yes.”

“Can you tell me who it belonged to?”

“My sister, Eliza. They were fighting over it.”

“Who was fighting over it?”

“Debbie and my sister. Debbie took it away from her. I didn’t think that was very nice though.”

“Why not?”

“Because Eliza only had a little bit. Debbie had an entire bottle of it under the sink. ”

The defense asked a few more questions before thanking her. My dad and I exchanged a nervous glance.

When Mr. Montgomery began the cross examination he was practically singing.

“Lily, when you said Debbie had a whole bottle of Mio under her sink. Were you referring to this?” Another picture appeared on the screen, this time of the bottle of antifreeze police had recovered from the house.

“Yeah, that.”

“What made you think this was Mio?”

“Debbie called it Get Well Juice. She would mix it in water, put it in a shot holder and give it to James so he would get better. Since my sister was sick, I wanted her to have some Get Well Juice too.”

“And how did Eliza get the Get Well Juice?”

“Well, I told Debbie she should give some to Eliza since she was sick, but she said she had already given her some on the first day with her water. One night my sister was in a bad mood, so I wanted to cheer her up.”

I could feel my stomach begin to rise to my throat as I listened.

“So I got a chair, climbed up on the counter and got the little bottle of it down. I thought if I gave it back to her it would cheer her up.”

“Go on.”

“I noticed there wasn’t much left, so I refilled it for her from the big bottle and put it in her lunch pail where she’d find it.”

I felt my heart crash as I leaned against my dad. It was my sister? My sister was the one all along?

####

Lily was crying in my mother's arms in the lobby when I returned from the bathroom. When she saw me she hid her face.

“It’s okay, It’s okay baby, you didn’t know.” My mom said. It looked like they had explained the situation to her. I knew I should feel happy. She just revealed a key piece of evidence. She was the witness we needed to win this case. She saw Debbie poison James and me with Antifreeze. She had also been the reason I had almost died. I knew it wasn’t her fault, but I was too numb to feel anything. I was so confused.

I took a few steps away, but stopped when I felt Lily collide into me. “I’m sorry, Eliza.”

“Hey, it’s okay.” I said, patting her head. “You did really good up there. You were just a toddler and Debbie tricked you too.”

“I just wanted you to feel better!”

I squatted down to her eye level and gave her a proper hug. “You know, Lily, if you hadn’t done that, Debbie would have for sure gotten away with everything. You might have almost killed me, but you also in a way saved me, and maybe any other future kids she might have come across. But if you could promise to refrain from putting anything else you find under the sink in my drinks, I’d really appreciate it.”

It had only taken the jury two days to come back with a verdict. I sat on the edge of the couch as we all waited with held breath as we watched the live stream from home.

“Related to the charge of felony child neglect resulting in great bodily harm. We the people of the jury find the defendant Debrah Martniff guilty. Relating to the charges of three counts of felony first degree murder. We the people of the jury find the defendant Debrah Martniff guilty.”

The house erupted into cheers. I don’t even remember standing up, but I was on my feet exchanging jubilant hugs with my family. We danced around the living room until I could no longer breathe.

“I’m so proud of you.” My mom said grabbing my face and squishing it against her palms. “I know that must have been so hard to go through. I wasn’t sure if my mom had still been harboring doubts about whether or not I had done this to myself, but now I had the peace of mind of knowing she knew the truth.

“I wish James was alive to see this.” I said solemnly.

“I know, honey, but James was very sick for a long time. There was nothing you could have done. The doctor said there was no way to reverse the damage that had already been done to him.”

“I know.” I said. I didn’t know why I had expected him to get completely better as soon as he was away from Debbie. At least I knew his last months were some of his best. He had even told me so on one of the countless trips to his hospital room, where we watched anime and cartoons together until the nurses kicked me out for the day.

“Mr. Montgomery called earlier.” my dad said, snapping my head out of the bittersweet memories.

“Oh.” I said. “What’s up?”

“He said be prepared to get a nice big check in the mail soon. The school district wants to settle out of court for failure to report child abuse. Depending on how much it is, we're thinking of opening a college fund for you.”

“I know what I’m not going to study if I go to college. Law.” My days of being in a courtroom were done.

The End
