Ambiguous Short - Deep into the Woods

Author: Slater

*000*2015-07-28 20:12

I am going to start an experimental group of short stories to try and help keep my writing skills and creativity up since I'm not doing any writing with my projects in a while.

= INTRO - How this works

"Ambiguous Shorts" is going to be a series of usually unrelated short stories in which I write out the details of events, take requests and suggestions for the next story, but ultimately leave out certain details about the characters. This I figured would allow the readers to fill in the blanks with their own ideas without having to conform to concrete information. For example: hair color, age, height, weight, breast size, etc. would all never be mentioned and usually shouldn't matter.

The only thing that would be set is gender (sometimes). Most of the situations should be broad enough in topic to cover multiple preferences.

So these stories will be "original fiction" (meaning not fan fiction). Here's the first I thought of.

== DEEP INTO THE WOODS ==

"Maybe she'd like to come? Hey! We're going to a really cool place! Wanna come?"

Mallory was the youngest. She was the newest. She wanted to be "in". But such a psychological social requirement that required following the crowd of the natives. She was expressive and curious, and recently moved cities. She was wearing light-blue bell bottoms. Not big over-sized 70's kind, a more modern taste style with slick but cute pink-faded flares. The shape of her jeans around her waist was form-fitting and a bit tight. Why? For the boys? For the fashion? Both?

Mallory was from further south and so the move across several states to a colder clim meant she was awkwardly dressed with a long sleeve white shirt and a small denim overcoat. The other girls were in shorts and sandals while Mallory had sneakers and long thin grey socks.

This group of girls, three in total, were accompanied by 2 attractive boys. The guys had promised the group to lead them to a special spot deep into the woods. They met up in the late afternoon behind the apartments Mallory lived at. And Mallory was honestly on her way home from a trip to the basketball court up the street for the bathroom. So she already had to go for some time when the invitation was struck.

What do I do? Mallory thought. I have to go, and I should know better than to wander off out there, but they actually invited me! I can't pass this up. I'll look like a little kid if I tell them to wait for me.

While she was pondering if she should lie about wanting to grab her phone first (which she already had), they were already headed in that direction.

"Hey! Wait up! Sure, I'll come!"

Mallory bound over the parking lot and made her way to a broken part of the fence they used as access. It shouldn't be far, and sure, she could hold it for awhile. Not like she was desperate or anything anyway.

They walked down a steep, leaf-coated hill and were talking and laughing. Mallory felt a little sheepish that she wasn't in on the conversation or jokes and so continued on in silence as she hugged herself from a cool wind. She hadn't had the chance to meet any guys yet either, so this was a good opportunity. She listened intently to see if any of the accompanying girls were girlfriends, picking up on cues from body language.

One of the boys burped up loudly and as the other laughed at him the girls did too, one of the blondes pushing him on the shoulder away in playful disgust. But this only encouraged him as he sucked in his chest and tried to go louder.

Mallory decided that wasn't attractive in the least, but she did admire the sudden, random outburst. Through the interaction she learned that the two were siblings, clearly evident by their matching hair color and a few facial features. But she couldn't wait any longer. "How long have you known each other?" She pressed for answers as much to satisfy her own curiosity as much as to distract her from her bladder.

Mallory noticed as the rest of them did that the bustling sound of the street traffic dwindled in the distance to inaudible as they were swallowed up by the forestry. Any hope of turning back was lost now--there was no way she would be able to get back.

They walked on for a playfully slow twenty minutes and still were not at the destination. And everyone was enjoying the time it took to get there. Like a road trip, the travelling was half the fun. The other boy, Jacob, was not in any relationship and seemed more attentive to her. While his friend didn't seem interested at all in girls, Jacob might have. But she felt disadvantaged: the other named McCoy, his sister knew Jacob for well over two years at least.

Another ten minutes and one of the other girls finally asked the question. "How far are we going? Are we just walking in circles?"

Everyone thought that was funny, but Mallory had to fake a laugh. To her it was serious. If they were already nearly thirty minutes out, there was at least thirty minutes back. Maybe they were taking a long shortcut to some mall or shopping area that would have a bathroom?

They emerged into some sort of clearing overseeing a trickling, muddy creek. And the place of interest was immediately apparent. An old shack, a trailer home, a shed and a sagging barn surrounded by cars. There was junk everywhere--a hoarders paradise.

"We found an upper level," McCoy said as he was the first to enter.

"Maybe we shouldn't enter," Jacob's sister said rubbing her arms when she realized there was a poor-conditioned fence and barbed wire surrounding the area.

"We've been here lots of times," Jacob assured as he ran down. "There's a lot of cool stuff out here!"

The other two girls were giggling as they raced for the barn. Mallory and Jacob's sister looked at each other. Mallory was in fidgeting mode, stepping her feet close together pretending to be cold, rubbing her thighs together slightly but shrugged and went in after them.

"Come on!" One of the girls said as she was trying to push the barn's door open. The two boys helped and the rickety wood creaked and unwillingly shook to the side, allowing the light to pool in, bathing the mound of miscellaneous collections. Toys. Clothes. Cages. Books. Memorabilia. Trinkets. Magazines. Gadgets. Weapons. Furniture. Tools. Accessories of all kinds.

"Whoa!" they all gasped. Even Mallory, who didn't care for collections was interested in history and hobbies and admitted that even a painful bladder in the end was certainly worth the trip. They began to dig through.

"Hey! I've got an idea," Jacob announced. "Let's see who can find the oldest thing in here!"

Like the others, Mallory went straight away, bending down though trying to lock her legs together, to excavate through the piles. "Here!" She said exclaiming holding up an old car horn.

"Nah," Jacob said with the wave of a hand. The casual castaway gesture caused Mallory to swell with determination and she tossed the horn aside and began to diligently pick through, walking over things she knew were more modern than others.

Of course there was no way for any of them to currently verify how old anything was, or even what everything was they touched. But that didn't stop them from trying. And whenever one of them found a treasure that was of great interest or age, it further inspired the others to try all the harder, including Mallory.

But time dragged on, and she was beginning to feel the need for more than a fidget. It was getting hard to bend down, the tightness of her jeans around her waist pressing on her bladder. So she eventually just unbuttoned the top and continued. Mallory recalled that while at the basketball court she had brought a large water bottle with her to drink and all of it was long gone before she started the trek into the forest. This barring the fact she hadn't actually peed since before lunch--a good four and half hours ago.

Mallory knew it was impossible to get them started on heading back now without a good legitimate reason, and telling them because she had to pee just seemed too childish. Claiming that she was hungry (which was a bit true) would only cause for casual delay since that wasn't very important of a matter but she tried anyway.

"Hey you guys. I'm getting kinda hungry."

"Oh, great, me too!" Jacob exclaimed as he jumped off a set of stairs.

"Yeah, I could use a snack or something," one of the other girls agreed.

Mallory sighed with relief.

"Ah, cool," McCoy slung off the small leather bag from his shoulders as he winked at Mallory, "because I brought these!" And he pulled out a few sandwiches, squeeze-pouch drinks and crisp bars.

The group nearly jumped on him in excitement. He prided himself. "Yeah, I told my Mom we were all going out and she suggested I bring this stuff. Cool or what?"

Mallory sank and gingerly walked over and took a bar and sat down to eat. An arm holding out a squeeze-pouch drink eased up over her shoulder in front of her. She looked up and saw McCoy grinning. "Here. You can get thirsty eating that stuff."

She mumbled a thanks and as she ate the candy protein bar realized he was right. After she finished it Mallory's throat couldn't help it and after a dry cough she obeyed her body's need and drank the whole thing in as few gulps as possible in hopes to just get it over with.

The group continued their scavenger hunt but eventually died off the competition as they were just looking at neat things. Mallory realized the others had actually planned on doing this and had all likely gone to the bathroom just prior to this.

"I'm going to go look at some of the stuff outside," she announced quietly. She made her way out of the barn and began walking in a zigzag pattern, trying to wander away from the barn. Mallory hoped she could sneak off and perform a quick and private pee just outside. She noticed McCoy look out from the barn and so she ducked behind a car. If I pee right here, right now, fast enough, I can be done with it. She got on her knees and began to unzip her bell bottoms.

They were stuck.

She cursed and flitted as she jerked at them. But after a short bit of struggling a loud clang and she shot up a glance with a startle. Psst.

Luckily she didn't actually manage to start peeing because McCoy, who was now looking over her shoulder, would be watching her do so, but she paid for it with a little pee spasm.

McCoy stood there awkwardly for a second. "Oh there you are. Did you find anything?"

Mallory wondered if he was just being polite or if he was really ignorant of the situation. She looked out in front of her. "Oh yeah, this old sign," she lied. "I was wondering if I could pick it up or not." Mallory appeared distracted but noticed he was staring at her. She couldn't figure out why but wasn't sure if she should blush in embarrassment, laugh with giddy attraction or feel somewhat creeped out.

But they both seemed to pretend to be interested in the old sign when Mallory noticed again he kept looking at her almost strangely. She smiled. "What?"

"Oh, sorry, it's just--I think you're pretty."

Mallory blushed as she kicked a right leg behind her and began wobbling it around behind her. "Thank you." She nervously began stretching the hem of the long sleeves to her thin white shirt and upon looking down just only then noticed that the bluish designs and outline on her bra were noticeable. She gasped with laughter and pulled back, covering up her chest with her elbows. Was that what he was looking at the whole time? Perhaps getting warmed up out here in these long clothes was making her sweat a bit.

They talked as they walked along the edges of the junkyard when Mallory grew intensely desperate. She was breathing rapidly, hissing every now and then and was unable to stand still, holding her hands down and slightly tucked between her thighs.

McCoy leaned over. "Are you OK?"

Mallory bit her lip and scrunched her eyebrows. "No, I actually have to go to the bathroom." It was painfully embarrassing but also painfully true.

McCoy grinned. "Have you ever wet yourself before?"

"Do what?"

He gazed off in the distance hands in his pockets. "You heard me."

Mallory crossed her legs and rubbed her thighs. "Once when I was really little."

"Do you think you'll make it? It's at least thirty minutes back you know."

Mallory hissed as she turned back. "Oh, I hope so."

"What would your folks think if you got back home having wet your pants?"

"I have no idea, but it would be soooo embarrassing." Why so much interest in me peeing?

"Well, if you don't think you could make it, the best thing to do is," he shrugged and flapped his arms out, "enjoy it. My family isn't going to be home all day so if you pee your pants, you can come to my home and get washed there. I mean, pee is actually sterile, meaning, there's no germs or anything in it so all you would have to do is just get a bunch of water..." He paused and pointed over at the creek. "Over there. There's some water. We can say we went over there and you slipped and fell. Come on!"

Mallory was stunned. She didn't know what to do, and her thoughts couldn't keep up with the information. She stumbled as she dumbly followed him into the creek-like ravine. And as she got in, she realized the gentle sound of the running, trickling water was making her feel worse.

"Uhhhhmm..." she was really rubbing her legs now and marching in place, and less timid about jamming a hand in her crotch. "I don't know, I don't really want to pee in my pants..."

"Come on," McCoy said with a wink. "You can risk having an accident on the way back if you like, but I don't think they'll be ready to leave for another hour or so."

"An... hour...?"

"Yeah, doesn't look like you'll make it. So you're basically going to pee in your pants anyway. You might as well just relax and do it. It will feel better too I bet."

Mallory bit her lip. "I don't know..."

"Well," he sat on a rock, "if you change your mind."

She turned around. "Couldn't I just... go... in the creek? You know, without... you watching... me?"

McCoy shrugged. "With your stuck zipper?"

Mallory blushed. Oh yeah.

McCoy stood up and walked over to her. "I'll make you a deal. If I help you unzip your zipper, you pee in front of me."

Mallory tilted her head back ajar and made a face.

"Well then," he slapped his thighs, "You can go ahead and pee in your pants then."

As Mallory stood there, turning in a circle, she grabbed her zipper and began fighting and fiddling with it when another spasm spit more pee into her ice blue panties. She crossed her legs and bent over and tried unzipping all the harder but it was really stuck. The prospect of her peeing with her clothes on like a baby was becoming a reality she was beginning to face. She realized by now that he was right. She wasn't getting any less desperate.

She threw her arms in frustration and marched in circles, grabbing a hold of her crotch trying to figure out what to do. She finally put her fingers to her face and with a gulp and a nod she gave in. "Ok. Help me, I don't want to hold it anymore."

McCoy stood from his rock and bent down. "Ok, but you're going to have to stand still for me to do this. And keep your legs apart."

She winced at the demand but obeyed, doing her best to stand still for him as he struggled to get a good grip. Mallory was trembling and fidgeting all the more, desperate to not have an early release.

"Wow," he said with a huff, "that's really stuck!" He pulled up his fingers and shook them. "Ouch." He shrugged with open hands.

"Do you... do you want me to wet my pants?" Mallory asked.

"Maybe."

"Ewu! Gross! Why?"

McCoy kicked the ground. "I think pee makes a girl who is pretty become beautiful. I don't know what it is, I just like it."

She had locked her legs together and folded them over her right hand on the crotch of her bell bottoms. She was shivering badly, lips quivering at her impending doom. Everything seemed hopeless, she wanted to cry. "i don't know... I don't know what to do."

McCoy raised an eyebrow and then walked up to hug her, rubbing her back and feeling the bra strap. "I know its hard. And maybe it shouldn't happen. But you can either fight it and have a miserable time peeing your pants and everyone knows, or you can make lemonade out of the lemons life gives you."

She smiled. It was kind of funny to her. But still she couldn't do it.

"No, I just want to go back home."

McCoy turned around. "Sure. Go ahead. Good luck though, hope you remember how to get back."

She started after him but Mallory felt another tinge in her ice blue panties and paused, halfway done climbing up over the rocks. Her left knee was resting on a patch of moss-covered rock with her right ready to stand her up but she felt that, in that awkward position, if she moved pee would start coming out uncontrollably.

"McCoy!"

He peered out over the ravine. "Yeah?"

"I'm stuck. If I move, I might pee myself. I have to go so bad!"

McCoy climbed down beside her and began rubbing her back. "Just do it. If you make yourself do it, trust me, it won't feel so bad."

Mallory slowly inched her arms away from the rising rock to a lower one, almost on all fours. While trembling and shaking, she wiggled her twitching hand down and held onto the faintly wet crotch of her tight bell bottoms.

McCoy looked at her bent-over position. "If you stay like that, you might pee all over your shirt." He began, without permission, to lift up the bottom of her shirt up her back. "Unless you want pee all over your pants and your shirt. You know?"

Her lips were quivering as her body shook like a nervous rattlesnake's tail. He grabbed her trembling left arm and gently pried it away from her crotch up on the rocky ground in front of her and peeled her shirt back. Tears were trying to well up in her eyes, cheeks flushed hot with red. He pulled her shirt back past her bra line, getting a clear sight of it against the skin of her back. He kept pulling it till it was hanging over her elbows.

Still shaking violently, Mallory eased her arms willingly and grabbed her shirt. She couldn't believe it. There was this boy she had a slight crush on, looking at her in her bra while she was shaking in front of him bent over because she was fixing to pee in her pants.

Mallory pulled a hand up to her face, flexed every muscle in her body... and willfully shoved a hot steaming stream of pee into her clothes. With a slight uttered cough she forced more than released. Her breathing slowed, her heart pounded hard. She lowered her head and with her hair raggedly hanging over her she looked down to watch.

She felt the sensation first, the heavy stream hissing out of her crotch at a high velocity, practically ignoring her ice blue panties and filling up in the crotch of her light-colored denim of her bell bottoms. It swelled and held suspended around the front of her waist, her stuck golden zipper becoming wet. She felt it wash and seep around her bum sticking up and out, dark tendrils shooting out from the origin like a clawed fiend reaching out from his cage and peering out as the darkness became heavy. It then faltered as the claws of darkness fell and the whole image forming around the seam of her bum wept downwards.

It was only several seconds that an onrushing torrent like a fresh young waterfall pushing aside boulders as it made out along her pants, shattering the pee to the dusty rocks below and sharing the warmth that pooled between her knees. Pee was streaming out from the rounded tip of her button on her tight-formed waist, gushing out from her crotch and down along her pants, it was falling everywhere. But it didn't stop there.

The edge of her ice blue pantie line rimming her waist also got very wet, and with a slight bit of horror Mallory felt it, the claws reaching out to her tummy and teasing her belly button. It came out more as she forced it hard a second time to hurry the flow to finish. But this only caused those warm tickling claws to extend even further. She gave up and bend down, resting her forehead on the rock, eyes closed. She allowed the bits of pee snaking down her stomach to finally just start pouring as a flood down around her stomach and start wetting her white and bluish-teal bra.

She peed and peed forever, rivers forming all over her body it seemed, her knees were very wet from the weeing between them as the rock gathered up the puddles from the low places and gave way to puddles. These puddles were making their way into the baggy pinkish hems of her bell bottoms, getting even her shins wet. As they grew and saturated the surface of the rock and her hems, tapping and splashing with the pee from around her zipper to create a lake that was now making thin waterfalls of its own down the sides of the rocks beneath her.

And the worst sensation was feeling it pooling in her bra and getting it wet, all because she was in such a miserable spot. McCoy gratefully drank in every detail.

When Mallory was finally finishing, everything about her was soaked. Pee had run down all the way along her ribs, got her bra cupped with dampness, and her jeans were so drenched in pee they were glistening as she was still releasing the last bits of her bladder's contents out. Her heavy breathing gave way to squealing, squeaking moans of a mouse.

But perhaps the weirdest sensation of it all was McCoy who was rubbing her back while she was still peeing her last.

"Are you done?"

She was still, stiff, and sniveling. Mallory didn't know what to think. She continued wheezing her squeaking breaths, feeling the unusual dampness all over her body and was quite relieved.

"Feel better now I bet. You'll fit right in."

She slowly propped her arms on the rock and was content to just moan and bury her face in her folded arms. But McCoy stood her up to get a full view of her wetness up-and-down. He led her to the creek and got her to lay down on her side. Using his hands he cupped the water from the creek and poured it down all over her pants, stomach and chest. He even put his hands with one trip of water right up against her bra and let it soak through.

"The rest of us are interested in pee games like that," McCoy said at last. "On the Internet they call it 'watersports'. There's a place, a forum even of people, called omorashi where they talk about it all the time!"

"R-r-really?" Mallory asked looked up at him with a cutely innocent face.

"Yeah. To us, Jacob and the gang, we sort of find this thing fun. Of course, the girls usually wet but we do it too."

"Y-y-you mean... you guys... pee your pants for fun?"

McCoy laughed. "Yeah. The first is always the hardest, but after awhile, you start to see how fun it is. Come on..." he grinned wide as he put his face close to hers, "you have to admit, it felt good didn't it?"

Mallory spun her mind around her thoughts and sat up, feeling her over-soaked bra and looking at her pants. "Yeah, it kind of did."

*005*2015-07-31 12:55

Ok based on requests, I'll continue with Mallory and friends at an amusement/water park.

*008*2015-08-08 05:32

Just quick update, I'm working on this story, but I'm also juggling some art too.

