Sleep over - an interactive story

Author: peepants1300

*000*2014-11-01 18:54

You are at a sleep over with your friends. You really have to pee, and there is a bathroom around the corner. You know your friends like to see you hold it and would try to stop you if you told them that you had to go. You also know that they have a tickle contest planned later. What do you do?

A) RUN for the bathroom

B) tell your friends that you have to pee

C) wait and pee your pants during the tickle contest

D) give up and just pee your pants then

*002*2014-11-01 19:00

That was quick. Im going to wait for at least one more vote, but if they dont hurry, ill just go with your vote.

*003*2014-11-01 19:35

"Um..." you nervously look up and squirm. Your three friends look at you. "I... need to pee. May i go and use your bathroom?" One of your friends chuckles. "Hmm." He looks to give in deep thought. " How bout it, guys? Should we?" You cross your fingers, dying for a piss. Dying to grab yourself. The answer is a resounding no. " In fact," Lisa says, " let's move up the time for the tickle contest." She smiles and you try to run, but your friends rush at you and pin you down. They begin to tickle you. What a mess you are in! What to do?

A) try to hold it

B) fight

C) pee yourself

*005*2014-11-01 20:26

(Sorry. Been busy.)

"Stop, guys!" You squirm and try to get away. "Stop!" Randy tickles your feet. "Naw, man. I dont want to." Your eyes begin to tear up. "I'm serious! Stop! You're going to make me pee myself!" He laughed. "That's kinda the point." Tears running down your face, you shout for them to stop, all the time uncontrollably laughing.

A) pee yourself

B) keep resisting

*007*2014-11-01 21:08

Ok. :)

*008*2014-11-01 21:58

Lisa gets on top of you, and tickles your armpits. You leak a little more. "Stop. I'm not kidding. I'm gonna pee myself!" You try to push her off, but Randy and Jake grab your arms and hold them down. Lisa stops tickling and looks at you. "Please dont." You beg, panting. She smiles, edging her hands under your shirt to your bare armpits. Your eyes widen. "N-No. Please. If you dont stop..." your voice trails off. Your legs are crossed and she is sitting on the end of your stomach. She begins to tickle you and you burst out laughing. Randy gives Jake the arm he was holding and goes to your feet, pulling your socks off. You can feel the warm liquid seeping through your pants and making a puddle at your butt. Lisa, unaware, does not stop tickling you. Not until she feels wet on her butt. "Oh my gosh!" She cries. "I'm so sorry. We were just playing around." What do you say/do?

(You guys choose the suggestions this time.)

*009*2014-11-02 15:04

Im waiting...

This is my time for this. Catch me because tomorrow i probably won't be here.

*012*2014-11-02 18:11

Lol. Yea. Running out of time. And thts kinda creepy antifairy.

*014*2014-11-03 23:09

Definitely going with vexer!

*015*2014-11-03 23:32

Lisa stares at you blankly. You realize she has her legs crossed "casually". She looks down and bites her lip. Randy doesnt notice what you saw and pokes her in the stomach, laughing. She doubles over and his smiles disappears. Her hand shoot between her legs. She raced around the corner to the bathroom. She desperately tried to turn the knob, but it wouldn't budge. Now doing a dance in front of the door, she began to cry. " It's the only bathroom in the house! Its locked!" You were very confused. " How is it that you have to pee so badly all of a sudden?" She squirmed. "I don't know. I just have to find somewhere to pee and FAST."

A) help open the door

B) find a bowl, cup, or trash bin

C) watch her pee herself

*018*2014-11-04 00:38

She moans, dancing. "Someone do something! Im gonna pee myself!" Randy thinks she's kidding. "Yeah, right. Nice try." He chuckles and tears roll down her face. "Im not kid-" her statement is cut short by a gasp. She tries to run away and hide herself, but her shoe is stuck in a broken peice of the floor. As she stands there, sobbing, you can see the golden liquid ease down her white jeans. Her legs are crossed but they didnt stop the flow. Neither did they stop the pee from completely covering her jeans in a new color. "One down. Two to go. Come on boys. I know you have to go." You smile.

A) tie them up and force them to drink and watch waterfalls until they piss themselves

B) tie them up and push on their bladders.

*020*2014-11-04 02:59

Their eyes widen and when Lisa goes to change into dry clothes, you overtake Jake and tie him up. You find a gallon bottle, fill it with water, and tape it to his mouth, forcing him to drink. Then you grab a heavy, cumbersome book and place it on his bladder. "Be back when i find Randy." Tears welling up in his eyes, he yells at you. "Hmmm mhhh hmm mhhhh!" You runt to find Randy, but only find the front door wide open.

