Nicole and Ann

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2013-07-17 05:31

Nicole is coming over today, I think as I turn off my alarm. That's all it took to make me smile, despite my drowsy state. I got up and attended to my morning routine. Coffee, shower, makeup, clothes, some cute panties to look nice for Nicole because she is after all the love of my life. I tell her everything, she supports me in everything and I reciprocate.

I picture her long black hair brushing over my shoulder while leaning in for a kiss and I shiver. Just a few more hours and we'll be having the most fun one could imagine. I mixed some of her favorite frozen juice and cut up some lemons for garnish. I feel a familiar twinge in my bladder as I run water into the pitcher. I hadn't taken my usual morning bathroom interlude on purpose, and now I was feeling the fun already begin, but it was nothing worrying. I can handle much more.

I looked for some sweet movies to pass some time, starting to squirm a little, so I placed a hand between my legs to relieve some of the pressure. Just a little while and she'll be here, I have to hold it. I put a romantic comedy in the DVD player and got it ready for later, after the “festivities.”

Nicole told me a couple weeks ago about her fetish for desperation and I was all but wetting myself immediately in support. I was always curious myself anyway, so having her bring it up first just gave us a new thing to bond over. We had tried a few things for each other before discovering what we truly enjoy, so today, her birthday, I want to give her a special treat. I started yesterday by covering my mattress with a protective cover and washing all of my laundry so I would have the right cute panties to wear. Black cotton with lace frill on the top. All the better for wetting in, or rather, through.

I hear the doorbell ring, startling me a little, causing me to spurt warm pee into my panties. Nicole is here! I think, excitedly. I prance to answer the door in my little black dress, cropped hair in a fauxhawk. The expression on her face is priceless. One of surprise and love as I lung at her for a hug. I normally am fairly distant in the morning, but this morning is special.

She enters my apartment and I immediately lead her to the kitchen to get her some lemonade. I twitch slightly as I pour her and myself a glass, then add some lemon. She smiles and accepts her drink with grace, as usual. I say, “happy birthday, love,” and smile deviously” She reciprocates with a sly wink and downs her lemonade, then asking for more. “Oh my, you must be thirsty, dear” I say, fetching her more lemonade, squirming even more this time, nearly dropping her drink. She smiles sweetly at me, saying “are you okay, darling,” acting oblivious to my little pee dance.

After drinking three glasses of lemonade, she was done, so I led her to the bedroom, ready to commence in some wet fun. She like when I just wet in front of her, so I dragged her into the bathroom as fast as I could because DAMN, I needed to pee! She got all giddy and said “Really, for me? I get to watch?” and smiled. I put my hand between my legs and jumped up and down for a bit, almost wetting myself, feeling my panties dampen with spurt after spurt of warm pee. “Yes, yes, yes, now get comfy, dear, I don't know if I can hold any longer,” I said quickly. She took a seat on the closed toilet.

I hopped in the shower stall, removing my restraining hands from my private area so I would not slip, and I felt some pee escape as I hopped over the edge of the tub. Nicole giggle sweetly, placing a hand gingerly on my thigh, and her other hand on hers. She let her hand drop and I curled into another pee dance, hopping from one foot to another with my hands between my thighs. I felt warm pee trying to escape my panties, finally reaching my hands, so I removed them, lifted my dress around my waist, and slightly parted my legs.

I felt hot pee run down both legs, gushing out of my naughty bits. Nicole came closer, placing her hand back on my thigh, letting it creep nearer and nearer to my panties. I let her feel the hot pee leave my body, and put my hand over hers so I could feel it too. She breathed heavily, as did I. She began to rub me outside of my panties, I crossed my legs and let out a gasp. I had an orgasm right then and there.

Once I calmed down from mine, I saw Nicole's hand creep closer to her own bits and rub, exciting me more. Once I finished my wetting I rinsed the cooling pee of my legs and changed my panties. I said to Nicole, “Don't get too excited yet, next is your turn.”

She got up from her seat and immediately bent over in desperation. Good, good, now she needs to pee as well. Now we can have some more fun. She recovered, pulling her hand from between her legs, revealing a small damp patch on her jeans. I said, “well we'll just have to remove those, now wont we,” grinning wildly. She smiled deviously and agreed. She pulled off her pants, leaving her in only a tank top and panties similar to mine.

I laid her down on the bed, straddling her between my now clean legs, rubbing my warm body against hers. She panted a while, moving her hands up and down my body, tenderly touching my breasts each pass. The, suddenly, she squirmed and I toppled over onto the bed. She must not have had her morning interlude either because her hands shot in between her legs and she assumed the fetal position. I laid flat and beckoned her to join me. Instead she recovered from her bought with a large damp spot and crawled over to me, then straddled me. Her naughty bits were warm and damp.

She rocked her hips in a rhythmic motion leaving me panting. I caressed her body as she had mine and then a look of slight shock, and utter relief plastered on her face. I felt hot pee rushing over my stomach and privates. I stopped caressing her body a moment to revel in the amount of pee that was in her tiny frame. I placed my hand underneath her strong stream and rubbed through her panties. She breathed very heavily and rocked her hips at my touch, moaning in ecstasy. When she was done wetting and moaning, she toppled over next to me, panting, and I smiled at her. We lay there for a while before getting in the shower together to clean up.

