Girl`s School - Page 6

*113*2018-11-28 16:13

Soooo... hi. I'm the one who gave you six chapters and then disappeared for nearly 3 years. I apologise for that. My meds were kicking my ass and prevented me from writing or doing any of the creative stuff I like. But I'm off them now, and I'm writing again, and I've finished chapter seven. So, if anyone is still reading, or if any new readers are interested, here it is. Hopefully, the wait was worth it. Warnings still apply, with additional note of a nightmare including imaginary messing. This will probably be the last mention of that in the story. 

CHAPTER SEVEN 

He stood over her, his eyes dark and his smile terrible. The mere look of him made her want to flee, but she stood rooted to the spot, unable to run, as he advanced on her. When he spoke, it was as though an invisible force compelled her to do as he said. She was powerless, a puppet to his will. 

‘Touch yourself,’ he said. She wanted to argue, to ask why he would ask her to do that when he always said it was wrong, but she couldn’t get the words out. Instead her hand moved of its own accord, in between her legs. 

It didn’t feel good. It hurt, and she screamed out in agony. 

‘This is what the devil is hiding from you,’ he said. ‘This is what it truly feels like. Now we have to purge the devil, through your bowels and your bladder. Go!’ 

It happened all at once. There was nothing she could do to stop it, her body acting of its own accord as she began to void both her bladder and her bowels. Urine and faecal matter slid and dripped down her legs and onto the floor. She tried to hold it back, tried to make it stop, but she couldn’t. It just kept coming, pouring out of her, and it was so much more of it than she thought could ever fit inside her. 

‘Stop!’ she whimpered. ‘Make it stop, please!’ 

‘Not until the devil has left you, child! Not until you are clean!’ 

Agnes sat up in bed, her heart racing and her cheeks wet with tears. She sobbed pitifully. Then she covered her mouth with her hand and ran for the bathroom, feeling sick. She just made it to the toilet, dropping to her knees and vomiting up everything she had eaten for supper. She sobbed between her retching. Her eyes stung. 

And then Maddie was there, brushing her hair away from her face, hand resting on her back. 

‘Shh, it’s okay. It’s okay, baby girl. I’m here, beautiful, I’m here.’ 

When it was over, Agnes sank down to the floor, utterly exhausted. Maddie flushed the toilet, dipped a towel in cold water and mopped her sweaty brow. She found her toothbrush and helped her clean the taste of bile from her mouth. Agnes noticed that the door was closed; Maddie must have closed it when she came in. 

‘Come on, sweetie. Get up.’ Maddie helped her gently to her feet. 

Before Agnes could stop herself she had thrown her arms around Maddie’s shoulders and was sobbing into her curls. 

‘Hey . . . It’s okay, baby. You’re okay.’ Maddie stroked her hair. ‘Did you have a nightmare?’ 

Agnes nodded against her shoulder. ‘It was horrible,’ she whispered. ‘He . . . He made me . . .’ She shuddered and couldn’t finish. 

‘It’s okay,’ said Maddie again. ‘It was just a dream, baby doll. He’s not here. As long as you’re here with me, he can’t hurt you, darling. I promise. You’re safe.’ 

Agnes pulled back, looking up into Maddie’s green eyes. Maddie touched her cheek gently, wiping away her tears, and smiled. Agnes licked her lips, her eyes flitting to Maddie’s mouth. Her smile looked so kind, so inviting, and her hand felt so warm and soft on Agnes’s cheek. Agnes leaned forward, but stopped herself just short of touching her lips to Maddie’s, hesitating. 

‘It’s okay,’ Maddie breathed. ‘You can if you want.’ 

Agnes wanted to. She wanted to more than she had ever wanted anything. And so she did, closing the distance and placing a soft kiss on Maddie’s waiting lips. 

Maddie’s eyes slid shut, and she parted her lips slightly, pulling Agnes closer. Agnes tested the waters, moving her lips tentatively. Maddie’s mouth was soft and her breath warm, and Agnes moaned softly, deepening the kiss. Maddie sighed against her lips. 

This was only Agnes’s third kiss. The first had been with Wayne. There had never been anything between them, they’d just done it because neither of them had done it before and they wanted to know what it was like. The second had been with Theo, who had kind of maybe been her boyfriend but definitely wasn’t anymore, and had landed her here. This kiss was nothing like either of those. This meant something. 

When they pulled apart, Maddie smiled softly and stroked Agnes’s cheek. ‘You have no idea,’ she whispered, ‘of how long I’ve wanted to kiss you.’ She tucked a strand of Agnes’s hair behind her ear. ‘You are so beautiful.’ 

‘So are you,’ Agnes murmured. She slid her arms around Maddie’s waist and hugged her close. Maddie’s arms enveloped her in return, and they stood like that for a while. 

‘I guess we’re both well and truly damned now,’ Agnes said after a while. 

‘Oh, big time,’ Maddie agreed. ‘Ain’t no coming back from lesbianism.’ 

They pulled apart slightly and looked at each other, and then they both burst into laughter. 

‘Shh,’ said Agnes between giggles. ‘You’ll wake the others!’ 

‘I’ll shut up when you do,’ Maddie told her. 

‘Fine.’ Agnes placed a hand on each of Maddie’s cheeks and pressed their lips together again. They both promptly fell silent. This kiss felt less hesitant than the last, though it was still fairly chaste. Which Agnes supposed was kind of funny, considering they had already masturbated together. 

As they pulled apart once more, Maddie pressed her forehead to Agnes’s and sighed. ‘We’d best get back to bed, baby girl.’ 

Agnes nodded and placed another peck on Maddie’s lips. Then she hesitated. ‘Hey . . . You think any of the others would tell on us if I climbed into bed with you?’ 

‘This bunch?’ Maddie smiled. ‘I doubt they’d tell on us if they saw us kissing, even. Best not take any chances, of course, but if anyone asks we can just say you had a bad dream. It’s the truth.’ She took a step back and took Agnes’s hand in her own. ‘Come on.’ 

They headed back into the dorm room. The others seemed fast asleep, though as they passed her bed, Laura rolled over, blinking slowly. 

‘You okay, Agnes?’ she whispered sleepily. 

‘Yeah. Bad dream,’ Agnes replied. 

‘Go back to sleep,’ Maddie prompted, and Laura obeyed. 

They both crawled into Maddie’s bed, and Maddie put her arms around Agnes, holding her tightly. ‘See? Everything’s all right. You’re safe, sweetie.’ 

Agnes snuggled up to her, burying her face in her bosom, and was fast asleep before she had time to respond. 

————— 

Bliss could not last forever. Agnes knew that, but it still felt like a blow the day Maddie’s period finished and they had to part. They’d been sharing a bed for the past two nights now. Agnes had never felt so safe and content. 

This would be the end of that. Soon Agnes too would be going back to the real world, and in the real world Agnes and Maddie could not share a bed, even if they had been in the same dormitory. After everything that had happened, they’d be lucky if they were even allowed to spend time in the same room by themselves. Agnes dreaded leaving. Dreaded having to face Mr. Portman. After she had made the mistake of going to his office while menstruating, she was sure he would step up the punishments, though exactly how that would be possible, she couldn’t imagine. 

A day after Maddie had left, Agnes’s period stopped too, and she was let back out into the general population. Mary-Louise was waiting for her outside the fifth house. 

‘I’m escorting you to Mr. Portman,’ she said stiffly. Agnes nodded, and followed. 

Halfway there, Mary-Louise halted in front of her. Agnes nearly crashed into her. Her Big Sister turned around, her eyes dark with barely controlled rage. ‘How could you be so stupid?’ she hissed. ‘Going to Mr. Portman while you were dirty like that!’ 

‘How was I supposed to know I wasn’t meant to do that? You never told me!’ Agnes shot back. ‘Why do you care anyway, I thought you liked seeing me punished.’ 

‘You think you’re the only one who gets punished when you screw up like that?’ said Mary-Louise angrily. ‘I’m supposed to be responsible for you.’ 

It dawned on Agnes, then. Just like Ellie had been punished for failing to keep an eye on Maddie, so Mary-Louise was punished for failing to inform Agnes of what’s what. She almost felt sorry for her. Almost. 

‘Then you have no one to blame but yourself, do you?’ she said. The words were barely out of her mouth before Mary-Louise raised her hand and slapped her across the face. 

‘Don’t you dare speak to me that way, you harlot!’ 

Her choice of words would have made Agnes laugh, but Mary-Louise looked so angry and wounded, and for all that she deserved it, Agnes couldn’t laugh at that. 

They walked the rest of the way in silence, and the closer they got to Mr. Portman’s office, the more Agnes felt sick to her stomach. She wanted to turn around, run away, just get out. But she knew there was nowhere to go. 

Mary-Louise knocked curtly on the door to Mr. Portman’s office. 

‘Enter,’ said his calm, cool voice. Mary-Louise opened the door. 

‘Agnes is here.’ 

Mr. Portman looked up from his desk and smiled. ‘Thank you, Mary-Louise. That will be all.’ 

Agnes stepped across the threshold. She realised she was shaking. 

‘Agnes.’ Mr. Portman’s smile was ever present. ‘Glad to have you back among the pure. I understand that you had not been informed of how you ought to keep your distance from me while under the effects of the curse of Eve.’ 

Agnes opened her mouth, closed it, swallowed, tried again. ‘No, sir. I was unaware.’ 

He nodded thoughtfully. ‘Still, you should have known better. You ought to have realised why you were confined, away from the others and from me. Thanks to you, this room was tainted. It had to be cleansed. I take this very seriously, as I am sure you understand. If not for the devil inside you, perhaps you would have been able to realise that.’ 

Agnes stared at the floor. Her fists were clenched in the fabric of her dress. Mr. Portman stood up. 

‘You will not be attending any classes today,’ he said softly. ‘Instead, you will be here, receiving your punishment. Is that clear?’ 

She nodded. ‘Yes, sir.’ 

‘All right, then. Let’s begin. Take off your dress, please.’ 

He started with the spanking, his belt against her bare bottom and back. A dozen lashes or so, it was hard to keep count. Then he gave her water and had her stand in the same spot as before. Every fifteen minutes, he got up to give her more water. 

She held it for as long as she could, she really did, but in the end she couldn’t hold it any longer, and she wet herself again. He didn’t make her clean it up, but simply gave her more water. This time, by the time she lost control of her bladder she was sobbing. 

‘Please,’ she begged through her tears. ‘Please, no more!’ 

‘I am sorry, Agnes,’ said Mr. Portman. ‘Truly I am. But I am doing this for you. Because God wants that demon out of you. He wants you to be happy and free. Free from sin.’ He stroked her cheek gently, and she had to close her eyes and grit her teeth so as not to flinch away from that touch. ‘We have to cleanse your wicked soul, child. That is why we are here.’ 

He poured another glass of water and gave it to her. She drank. 

Her legs ached from standing still. Her underwear was cold and wet and heavy. Mr. Portman was unrelenting. At lunch, he had food brought to his office. Mary-Louise carried it in. She didn’t spare Agnes a second glance. He ate. Agnes did not. She only stood, drinking the water he gave her, and when she couldn’t hold it anymore, peeing herself. At some point around two in the afternoon, she stopped trying to hold it, and just let it happen. She was no longer crying. There was just the occasional dry sob. 

At around three in the afternoon, after Agnes had wet herself for the sixth time that day, Mr. Portman looked at the floor at Agnes’s feet. She was standing in a large puddle, some of the urine having dried between each wetting. He stood up, fetched a mop and bucket from the bathroom. ‘Clean that up,’ he said simply. 

She did as she was told. Even if she had wanted to protest, she couldn’t bring herself to speak. While she was on her knees, scrubbing her own pee off the floor with a rag, she began to cry again, tears rolling silently down her cheeks and dripping onto the floor. 

‘Get up,’ said Mr. Portman when the floor was clean. She did. ‘Take off your panties. You can put them in this bag.’ He handed her a plastic bag, and she did as she was told. Then he told her to put her hands on his desk and bend over. ‘Now, this time I want you to count.’ 

The belt struck home and Agnes cried out. ‘One!’ It stung on her already sore bottom, even if it had been a few hours since the first spanking. Again. ‘Two!’ she sobbed. Again. ‘Ow! Three!’ 

Mr. Portman said nothing. He stood there, slapping his belt against her butt, impassive, while she counted. At least until, ’Fifteen! Oh God, please stop!’ 

‘Do not take the Lord’s name in vain!’ he said, and the next lash was particularly hard and painful. She gasped for breath. 

‘Six . . . Sixteen!’ she sobbed. ‘Please . . . Please stop!’ 

But he did not relent. 

‘Seventeen! No . . . P-please—Eighteen! N-nineteen . . . Ow! Twenty!’ 

Silence. Agnes hardly dared to draw breath. Her body ached, and she couldn’t seem to stop crying. 

‘Stand up straight,’ said Mr. Portman. He gently tugged at her shoulder to turn her around, and handed her her dress. ‘Here, put this on. You can go shower, and then go to bed if you wish. You will come back here tomorrow afternoon at the usual time. Dismissed.’ 

*115*2018-11-28 21:12

{{ 4 hours ago, Melificentfan said: 

It's great to see you back that was a excellent chapter 

}}

Thank you! Glad you liked it. It's nice to be back. I mean, I've been lurking a little bit... Mostly in the gallery. Had to get the occasional fix. 

*117*2018-11-28 22:12

{{ 2 minutes ago, Quackduck said: 

I’ve been looking for this story for so long!! I read it when the third part was first published while I was still a lurker and I haven’t been able to find it since. Really glad to see you’re writing again 

}}

Thank you! I'm so happy you like my story! 

*119*2018-11-29 11:41

{{ 4 hours ago, SaQra said: 

I'm so glad I found this, because as many others have said this story is riveting not just from an omorashi standpoint, but in terms of compelling plot and content! I aspire to write as well as you @ThornWild
! 

}}

Thank you! That's so sweet of you! Glad you like the story. 

*121*2018-11-29 18:54

{{ 12 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said: 

Great story! 

Dark, but very interesting and it feels very believable. 

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you like it. 

*123*2018-11-29 20:10

{{ 57 minutes ago, Night Rain said: 

Will we get to see Anges wet herself without being punished for it? 

}}

Honestly? No idea. My plan for this story is very vague. 
