Pokemon Omorashi Short - Page 8

Author: Alexxx

*178*2016-08-25 23:24

Oh my gosh! You guys are the most patient people on the planet; thank you for waiting! I couldn't ask for better fans! X3 "3!

Previously…

Our heroes have been trapped in a dangerous tomb, sacred to the mysterious Unknown, and to mythical Pokemon not yet encountered. Wishing to weaken them further, these creatures banished our companions into different parts of this underground labyrinth, in a mysterious manner similar to Mew-Two, long before.

Recalling her previous escapades, Wiggly tetters dangerously close to losing control on the hallowed ground, with Nova and Josh not far behind.

### Sandy ---

"I’m not sure!"

Nova shifted uncomfortably, balling his hands by his hips. The glow of the cavern flickered from the faint light of his tale, illuminating the haunting stalagmites around us.

None of the structures grew from the ceiling, however. Crumbled rock and fractured stone told the only tale we needed about what happened to the once grand stalactites that held fast to the ceiling, all those years ago.

I swallowed.

"I only a-ask," Nova gulped, swishing his tale before us to provide a meager light, "Because, before, Josh always said to stick to the left. But, I don’t know if that still holds between teleportation."

"I don’t think-"

"And three dimensional space." He added.

I growled. "I doubt it matters; if we’re lost, we’re lost. Better to move in one direction quickly then to stay and die."

"B-but we can’t mark the walls! We’ll have no points of reference, or-"

I was going to strangle him. Two minutes, and he was already reciting every single thing that could ever possibly go wrong, and the best practices of every piece of minutia that he had ever read, seen, or studied. All the while I looked him over him just kept talking, scaring himself more and more with each passing word.

I fancied the idea of slapping him like in the movies, but I felt as if that would likely lead to the opposite of the desired effect. Plus, Josh would be pissed.

"-And we’ll never escape alive!" he finished, nearly in a panic.

"You are literally a dragon." I said, grinding my teeth. "What do you have to be afraid of? You’ve fought legends before, defeated the strongest trainers alive. Why are you so freaking scared?" Nova went silent, staring into the floor as I pressed on, jabbing my finger into his chest. "I’m serious! Whatever is out there is either dead or sleeping, or just Unknown, one of the weakest Pokemon in existence. You have nothing to fear. No reason to be terrified."

Nova turned to the side. "It still feels real to me."

"Then that’s your problem."

I was mad. No, I was pissed. What right did he have, a dragon, to be more afraid then a lost, defenseless girl without a light source? Static I could understand; I loved his spunk if perhaps not his headstrong nature. Mew would have been fine; I could get past his arrogance and see the picture behind it.

But Nova?

I walked ahead, heedless of the tiny snivels behind me. God. I remember pushing my Pokemon to the breaking point – Wiggly included – training them to be at their best. Never accepting failure, from their teammates, or from within. I have no idea how Josh had the temperance to stand his whiny insecurities for this long, but I would be damned before I would bend for his little act.

"Why aren’t you in the front?" I demanded, squinting through darkness in an attempt to gain my footing. Nova stumbled ahead shakily, once again bathing the rock walls with a hint of light. I almost commanded him to actually help – make his tail glow brighter, or use some flame attack for actual use – but I bit my tongue and continued.

We walked in silence for some time, with his occasional hiccupping sob as the only thing to break the crunch of gravel underfoot.

"…Do you hate me?" He whispered, staring into the cavern with teary eyes.

Yes.

I shook my head, banishing the thought. "No, I don’t hate you. You just…frustrate me."

"W-why? What am I doing wrong?"

I took a deep breath, somewhat quelling my anger. "We’re just different, Nova. When I was young, I was alone. If I had hesitated, or doubted myself, I wouldn’t be here today. I would’ve been digested long ago by the creatures you can destroy with a breath."

Nova stopped. I realized we had reached the high of this incline, which was blockaded with massive boulders and jagged rocks.

"Do you…envy me?"

"No!" I scoffed.

Nova wiped his eyes, and gave me a careful gaze. I frowned, staring at the boulders, and digested the question.

"Perhaps." I faltered. "I’ve always felt weak, like this. I love being human – don’t get me wrong – but having your power to back you up, your fire, the ability to soar…"

Nova gave a sad smile, and prodded a pebble with his foot. "I’d give anything to have your confidence."

Maybe that was it then.

Maybe none of us were complete.

"I can smash these rocks, but I’m worried it’ll just trigger another rockslide." Nova said with a frown. "Luckily, with this incline, I can just glide us back down to our original location pretty quick, and we can just choose a different path. If, you know, you’re alright with that."

"Sure." I nodded, standing behind him. He knelt to the floor, and I awkwardly waddled onto his back, trying to use his wings as leverage. He shifted – nearly knocking me off – then repositioned himself back on all fours, giving a flustered giggle.

"Have you done this before?" I chuckled, attempting to gain some sort of balance before we took off.

"Yes…ish? Skarr always felt, um, concerned when I suggested the idea of flying with Josh-"

"Can’t imagine why." I grinned.

"Well, at the time, it was more of a them activity, you know? And, I suppose, I didn’t want to…take that away."

"That’s thoughtful of you."

Nova smiled. It felt good to see it, as if a small weight was lifted.

"Hey, Nova," I swallowed. "I’m…sorry for making you cry."

"Sorry for frustrating you." He smirked, wagging his fire-tipped tail behind him. "Ready?"

I nodded, and we were off instantly, jolting my poor bladder hard as we took to the air. My groin rather quickly reminded me of the two-liter I had polished off earlier with Wiggly, and I clenched my thighs around Nova, awkwardly hoping he wouldn’t notice.

What is it about soda that doesn’t give you any warning?

If he did notice, he was polite enough not to respond. His own desperation seemingly forgotten – likely more mental than physical – as we glided down the slope.

What would’ve been a dangerous uphill glide made a rather smooth decent, and at my prodding, we continued downward, into the earth. The cavern floor eventually smoothed out and shrunk, and after a moment, Nova landed, furling his wings.

Around us, different white crystals danced around the shadows cast by Nova’s flame. Nova swallowed, staring down a crevasse in the cavern’s floor, and into a pool of water below.

His eyes traced the water to its source – a small spring – and with it, a different path far deeper into the cavern. Nova’s paw traced it’s way past his stomach and onto his groin, lightly squeezing himself before resuming its place at his side. He blushed when he saw that I had noticed, then flushed more vibrantly as his hand returned.

"I…really have to go."

"Tell me about it." I swallowed.

"D-do you mind if I hold myself? I know it’s childish, but-"

"I won’t tell if you won’t." I swallowed, rubbing the front of my jeans. My bladder was already shooting warning pulses down my urethra, and I swallowed, wondering if it would be better to simply let go into the stream below, and deal with whatever repercussions may come, or to hold it, and hope to make it out without angering whatever monstrosity lurked below.

"Ready?" Nova asked, offering his hand in assistance in traversing the crevasse.

I accepted, and journeyed deeper into the hollowed earth.

### Josh---

[They are but objects, Josh. Trinkets and baubles; nothing more.]

[I had everything, Mew!] I shrieked.

It was true. Sleeping bags, potions, food rations, multiple water bottles, changes of clothes, every rational thing a trainer could need, and many, many completely superfluous items as well.

And now, it was gone. My precious backpack.

The ghost of the weight still lingered on my back, a haunting negative energy. No Pokeballs, no revives, no full restores.

Mew hovered by my side, coiling his tail around my wrist. [Items, Josh. Such things can be recovered.]

I clutched tuffs of my hair as I scrambled, desperately looking for my pack. [How are we going to catch any ancient without Pokeballs, Mew!?]

[Your friend Ethan found shoes to be an effective deterrent.] Mew smirked.

[I’m serious!]

Mew gave a musical laugh, then instantly went ridged, pink fur standing ridged. I turned, following his stare to a stagnant pool of water a few yards away.

Mew floated above the offending liquid, giving small chirps above. [This isn’t right. This isn’t normal.]

[What’s gotten into you, Mew?]

[Refraction!] He barked, continuing his small, echoing chirps. [Liquid refracts sound. Always at an angle, and always both absorbing and reflecting some of the original sound.]

[And this does it differently?]

[This reflects nothing.] Mew shivered, shrinking away from the offending liquid.

I walked closer, and spoke near the watery black. Sure enough, though I could hear my own voice, the cavernous echo was strongly reduced.

[So, is it deeper than normal? Is it different than regular water?]

[It’s different than regular matter.]

I reached for my rope, instantly feeling wrenching loss. My pack…!

“Whatever.” I grimaced, removing my jacket, and coiling it around. I did the same with my shirt, knotting them in a poor excuse for actual equipment, then started with my belt.

[Why Josh!] Mew blushed, placing an overexerted paw over his mouth.

[Can you psychic this together or something?] I growled, face flushing as I struggled with my jeans.

[Not without a pre-existing adhesive.]

[Can you…then…transform into me, and use my/your clothes to help?]

[Transformations such as those would utilize what you refer to as clothes as my fur.]

I blinked, shivering slightly in my boxers. [So…is it possible?]

[As possible as removing your own skin.]

[…Nevermind.] I grimaced, lowering my makeshift clothing rope into the puddle.

I felt no resistance as it entered the pool; no splash, or ripples against the clean, featureless black. After a moment I removed the rope, only to find that the clothes had lost all their color.

I touched it, smearing the gray across my fingers.

[Fascinating.] Mew murmured, staring at the colorless clothing, and then my now grayish hand.

It was cold, almost like ice, and had the consistency a heavy gas, trailing down my hand. There was a hint of something in the way it moved; the lethargy of a memory forgotten, or the reflection of a darkened mirror.

I stared at it fascinated in the way it crept up my arm, staining me in the grey. I could taste sorrow in the way it moved; a longing, and an incomprehensible distance as more crept of from the false pool.

I could feel Mew grabbing me, screaming something as he attempted to wrench me away from the influence, but I didn’t remember a struggle. I merely remembered feeling at peace, returning to a home that wasn’t, and at last, finding the missing piece to myself that I never realized I lost.

Lucidity.

I gasped for air in a world of grey. I stood on a world only a few meters across, shaped like a wide swirl of solid, yet shifting matter.

Mew’s pink coat shone like a beacon in tis colorless world, his eyes wide and tearful. [Josh! JOSH!]

[Where are we?]

[We don’t have long; mortals weren’t meant to survive here. Try to hold on, and don’t focus on any details. They aren’t…defined, here.]

[Are we in a different world?]

[The first world.] Mew shivered. [Our world is beautiful, a sun less than ninety-two million miles away, and a moon that allows the movement of the seas without explosive title waves. A planet that allows life to flourish yet struggle, and a place where water rains from the sky.

[Such a place was difficult to craft. You can’t make a place like that on your first try, no. It took…iterations.]

I walked, ignoring the discolored rocks, and the fact that the path materialized before us, as if we weren’t floating on a rock in a void of grayish haze.

A black haze eclipsed the sky. Mew went ridged, shifting from pink to black, and held me close. The black mist floated lazily by, and after a moment, resumed its traditional black.

Mew shifted back to pink. [The Creation is still imperfect. You won’t find Pokemon here; only one would choose to stay in a place such as this. This is his afterlife. His heaven and prison, where he chooses to rest and rebel against the better worlds. The Renegade.]

I swallowed, reaching for my Pokeballs, only to once again realize my failing. I grimaced. Why even have a belt if I kept my Pokeballs in the side pouch?

Wait, how was I clothed?

I swallowed the question in favor of another. [How do we leave?]

[There are places where this realm kisses our own. Leaks and disruptions, though I could probably blast a whole through a mirror, or a stationary pool of water.]

The black returned, and Mew once again turned gray. It lingered, longer this time, eclipsing the sky in the blackish mist.

A chill raced down my core, and I twinged, recalling my rather full bladder. I swallowed, my need increasing with my fear as the charcoal smoke hovered in the sky.

The more I stared, the more I could almost make out its features. It was all grey, but there was gold in it as well, like stripes and necklaces adorning a once lost love. The red of wounds earned in battle, but also from within, jutting out from heartbreak and guilt. And black. The doom and death of black.

[Josh!] Mew hissed, pulling me from my mind. The mist had left, and my world slowly faded back to some semblance of normality. [He is growing suspicious. The world does not normally form like this unless expected. Come on; we must hurry.]

[What is it?] I whispered, still transfixed in with a feeling of loss I had never experienced.

[Giratina.]

### Nova ---

Something was following us.

With one of my paws clutching my groin, I bounced silently against one of the cave walls. Sandy peered down the cave, squinting into the darkness.

Sandy whispered.

[But you saw it, right?]

[Yes I saw it!] Sandy hissed. [Now come on; we need to keep moving in order to get out of here.]

[But it could be right over there!]

[Or it could be behind us!] Sandy huffed.

I covered my crotch, dancing in place as Sandy moved forward. I could tell she needed it bad too – she crossed her legs as she walked, always pressing her thighs together, with her hands balled at her sides.

I’m still not sure what I saw. It looked like a human, but also like a ghost. Transparent, with claws for hands and holes where the eyes should be.

And black. All black.

I tucked my tail though my legs and waddled forward, holding my meager, flickering fire. It also kind of helped put pressure against my pelvis, but also a bit on my bladder.

[Oh my gosh,] I murmured, doubling over again and pressing a hand against myself.

Sandy took a shaky breath, squirming slightly. [No kidding.]

She snuck a hand beneath her jeans and gave herself a quick squeeze, then unbuttoned her pants, yet left them zipped. [You don’t have anything on you by chance?]

I looked inside Josh’s bag helplessly. Everything was packed super tight, and he never let anyone else use it. I felt awkward for even having it, except that it was moved here with us, instead of him.

I tried to look inside without moving much around, to little avail. [What are we even looking for?]

Sandy snatched my bag, quickly riffling through until she found a slightly crumpled 6-ounce water bottle. [Perfect!]

[S-Sandy! You’ll spill, and you’ll get us killed!]

She already had her pants unzipped, wedging the bottle into herself. [Look, it’s this, or my pants, and I can, you know, aim. Kind of.]

[You’re a girl!] I shrieked. [It’ll go everywhere and then we’ll both die!]

She wedged the bottle in her pants, cringing as the plastic pushed into her bladder. [If it spills a little, it’ll just get on my pants and dry. Better?]

[NO! Because if it spills a lot then we’ll die!]

[I’m going to spill a lot regardless!]

[Then…I don’t know!] I blushed, flustered at the entire situation. [Maybe we could…find one with a wider lid? That one is way too small-]

Just then, I heard the sound of liquid pattering against plastic. Sandy squirmed with bliss as she released, giving a shaky sigh into the cavern air. I could hear the bottle fill, and with it, the crotch of Sandy’s jeans slowly began to darken.

[Sandy!]

[Whoops!] Sandy gulped, repositioning the water bottle. [Oh my god, it’s nearly full already. Don’t you have anything bigger? Like a bucket?]

[If I did we would’ve used it by now!] I whined, holding myself tighter. Seeing her pee in front of me made the need so much worse, as if I was practically standing next to a toilet myself. [Stop, before you spill!]

[Trying…!] Sandy winced, though I could still hear the torrent of pee filling the water bottle to the brim.

[Sandy!]

She grimaced, and her thighs quivered, and the pee stream dripped to a stop. She carefully slipped the bottle out of her pants, and slipped a cap on the nearly-overflowing container.

I was nearly crying with the effort of holding in my own pee, but after a moment, the wave of desperation died down somewhat, and I was able to focus.

She had done a number on her jeans; the entire crotch was dark nearly to her knees, both on the front and the back. Yet, none had fallen to the floor, and most had gotten in the bottle.

[See? I told you I had it.] She blushed, and admixture of humiliation and confidence.

[Did that help?]

[…Not really.] She winced.

A dark shadow darted past, and I instantly recognized it as the black figure from before. A hiss of urine struck the inside of my tail, and I quickly clamped my paw against myself to prevent more from leaking to the floor. I whined as I felt my bladder howl in protest, and I looked around, preparing myself for a fight.

It was nowhere to be seen, and in its place, an odd, featureless black hole nearly the size of a man.

I turned to Sandy, but she was gone.

Taken.

I swallowed as a tremble shook my entire core. Inside the crevasse, no doubt.

I leaked just a little bit, then raced inside.

### Wiggly ---

I was at my limit.

No, I was far past my limit. Whatever limit I thought had previously existed, whatever capacity I thought I had was shattered. I knew I had no time – minutes, seconds – before I burst all over the cavern floor. My eyes watered as I took one more step, jolting my poor bladder just one step further. I was completely dry, and I knew as soon as I let go just a little bit, I wouldn’t be able to stop.

“Just go, babe.” Static pushed. “There’s no one here. Nothing’s going to get you; you’ll be fine.”

“I can’t just go, Static! I’m not an outside Pokemon! I can’t just do something like that!”

Static motioned me over to a fallen stalactite, and leaned against the formation. “Come here.”

I shakily obeyed, not allowing my paw to leave my groin. It was stuck in a permanent clench around myself, corking my pee-hole as I made my way towards the stalactite.

“Here, lean against it like this.” He offered.

I swallowed, resting at an angle my back against the formation with my feet still barely supporting my weight. It felt nice having the weight somewhat off my bladder, but the pressure was still unimaginable.

“Now what?” I whined, holding myself with both paws.

“Just pee.”

“I can’t pee – haven’t you been paying attention!?” I snapped, stomping my foot. “I can’t go outside, I’m not wild! I have to have a toilet or something!”

“Then just pretend you’re at a toilet! A…weird one, where you have to lean sideways to use it, or something.”’

“I can’t just pretend-” Another wave doubled me over, and I could feel my pee just on the edge of my urethra, ready to gush a torrent of liquid.

“Here, just try. Close your eyes, and focus on my voice.” Static offered, placing his paws on my own, and gently removing them from my groin. “And stop holding yourself. There. You made it up that elevator, but you still really really have to go, right?”

I murmured an agreement, still squirming.

“Then, you’re dashing to Sandy’s room! She’s opened the door, and you’re in…”

“Static! J-just rush to the end!” I begged.

“You rush through the Livingroom to the kitchen, through her bedroom and to the bathroom…”

“Static…!”

“Rush in, close the door behind you, open the lid, and…!”

I felt a stream release itself in apprehension, followed instantly by the pent up gush I had been holding for so long. My eyes were shut, but I could practically hear the splash of the toilet water beneath me. This was okay. I could just, for a moment, enjoy the blissful flood pouring out of me. I had made it, despite me still standing up, and not actually hearing the pee hit the water. Actually, I didn’t hear my pee at all. I opened one eye, and noticed my thighs were still smashed together, and I was just freely pissing all over my fur, down to my bottom paws.

I also saw Static, speechless, sporting a massive crimson blush across his muzzle.

“Oh my god I’m peeing on myself. I can’t, a-ah, I can’t stop it!”

Static watched as it continued pouring out of me, drenching my thighs and puddling on the cave floor. It lasted nearly a minute before it tapered off, and I sagged against the rock, exhausted.

“I know this is crazy inappropriate,” Static gulped. “But I am super hard right now.”

“Noted.” I growled, impervious to my boyfriend’s weird kink.

[Who pollutes my sacred ground?] A voice boomed from beyond the hall. It was unmistakably Ancient, with a ferocity unmatched by any mortal Pokemon.

Static leapt in front, shielding me. I rolled my eyes – I was higher level – but I suppose it was more of a protection thing than a macho thing, and I relented.

The thing’s shadow crossed the wall, more than thirty feet wide and twenty feet tall, illuminated only by the strange glowing blue sigils against the walls. A being of smoke and bone, it emerged with a roar…

To reveal it was slight shorter than static.

I blinked. Was this the Ancient? This tiny little grey and gold little caterpillar?

The tiny Ancient squeaked.

“Bring it on, shrimp!” Static grinned, electrifying his fists and smashing them together in a sea of sparks.

I'd say that the next chapter will be done in two weeks or less, but I'm pretty sure I have the estimation accuracy of a drunken, one-handed archer. Sorry! X3

*183*2016-08-28 16:16

{{11 hours ago, guest said:

(I know I'm being an asshole, but the letter pokémon is spelled unown. No 'k'. Sorry.)

}}

Pfff, no they're not, everyone knows that. Here's the Bulbapedia article siting

###

...wait.

WAIT.

$$

###

Also, sorry about all the italics. That was a rich-text error on my behalf, and by the time I realized it I couldn't edit it away X3.

$$

$

*192*2017-01-28 04:30

Sorry for the lack of updates -- life's kicking my ass. Have an apology Buneary!

$$

