Megan and Sarah, Emotional Rollercoaster - Page 2

Author: orango

*026*2013-07-04 18:17

Thanks to everyone that commented, I really appreciate the positive vibes! Part 4 is underway and I'm aiming to post in about another week or so. Hopefully you think it's worth the wait!

*029*2013-07-14 13:25

Chapter 4

Sarah pulled the car into a free parking space and turned off the ignition, a sudden hush flooding in as the engine died. Megan was no longer sat in the passenger seat, but rather crouched down in the foot well, audible gasps emanating from her as she desperately tried to hold the wee inside her tortured body. Maintaining a constant motion she bounced in place, all the while massaging and clutching at the urine’s only escape route.

“We’re here sweetheart” Sarah said.

Megan was so focussed she hadn’t even noticed the car had stopped. “Oh, thank God! You’ll let me wee now, right?”

Sarah got out of the car, walked round and opened Megan’s passenger side door before saying “Well, we’ll see how long the queue is”.

Megan wasn’t feeling reassured. “I don’t think I’ll make it, if there’s a line I’ll wet myself, I just know it!” A scarcely audible sob slipped out as she finished the sentence.

Sarah crouched down to Megan’s level and gave her a hug, forcing Megan to a stop mid bounce. “You’ll be OK, I’ll help you.” Sarah felt her squirming in her arms and smiled to herself. Feeling her face flush with excitement, Sarah silently congratulated herself. It had been an eventful journey, and Megan’s bladder had filled up much quicker than she had planned, but none of that mattered now. They had arrived, and she had to help her hold on for just a little while longer.

As Megan climbed hesitantly from the car, she felt another sharp pang of tenderness shoot from her bladder and spread through her abdomen. A stinging ache followed by an altogether more pleasurable feeling descended into her womanhood, entirely blurring the pleasure pain threshold. Once out, knowing she couldn’t hold herself in public, she hesitantly released the vice like grip from between her legs, relying instead on her exhausted muscles and sheer determination to hold back the pressurised blast of hot pee that was threatening to explode from her.

As both girls walked slowly hand in hand towards the entrance to the theme park, Megan was unable to stand straight, instead walking with a noticeable bend at the waist. Having been so distracted by the needs of her body, she noticed for the first time the noise and general hubbub produced by the excited crowd just beyond the fence. She felt anxious, the thought of the crowd instilling a sense of mild panic in her highly sensitive and desperate condition. As they approached the ticket booth, they joined the end of a short queue as Sarah began to rummage through her bag for a method of payment.

Performing a blatant pee dance, Megan brought one leg up and crossed her toned legs, crushing her pee hole with such force she felt a momentary orgasmic contraction pulse through her clit and shoot deep into her body. She felt so confused; her bladder tired and aching from holding such a colossal volume of liquid, but excited and aroused at the same time. Making it even more thrilling was knowing Sarah was watching her, getting off on her desperate struggle. But she couldn’t wet herself, not in front of so many people. She had to hold on, gritting her teeth as she continued battling against the overwhelming urge to release.

With the seconds feeling like hours, they finally approached the front of the line. As Sarah handed a credit card to the cashier, Megan was at the end of her tether. Scanning the signs just beyond the gate for any hint to the location of the toilet, she finally saw it. Just 50 feet away she spied her salvation, and as if having her prayers answered, there was no one else waiting to use it. Instinctively plunging a hand back between her thighs, she was met with glares and astonishment from those around her, but she didn’t care. Her heart began to race as she remembered the feeling of ecstasy a long hard wee brought about, and in the heat of the moment she felt her knickers dampen as a squirt burst free and dribbled from between her lips. She felt the wetness on her fingers as it seeped through her underwear and into the fabric of her leggings. Please not now, just stay in for a few more seconds!

Sarah quickly snatched Megan’s hand from between her legs and held it firm, giving it a few reassuring squeezes as the female cashier processed the card. Megan was in deep trouble, clenching her thighs together to reapply some pressure, sticking her bum out behind her as she wriggled and danced on the spot.

“The bathroom is just over there, honey” said the cashier, flashing Megan a sympathetic smile as the gate opened in front of them.

“Thank you” Sarah responded, returning the smile with one she hoped looked sincere. Megan said nothing, but followed dutifully as Sarah led her through the turnstile.

Megan couldn’t prise her eyes from the door that promised an end to her agony, and subconsciously tried to take the lead and get Sarah to follow. Holding her ground however, Sarah squeezed her hand tighter, giving a gentle reminder of who was in charge. With pleading eyes, Megan met Sarah’s gaze, her brain a jumbled assortment of different feelings and emotions. She had to wee, she wanted to come, she felt on the verge of an unmitigated accident, but she relented to Sarah’s will totally.

“Just one ride, then I’ll let you go in there, I promise”

Studying a map of the park, they took a short walk towards the first attraction, Megan hobbling in an attempt to keep her legs as together as possible. Her knickers were feeling cool and moist as she felt the fabric begin to bunch up between her labia. As they arrived at the Tunnel of Love both girls were pleased to find the attraction without a queue, but the joyful feeling quickly faded when Megan heard the sound of running water. She shivered, partly in horror at the sound, and partly because it had made her trickle again, a burst of heat re-warming the cotton covering her tender vagina. This particular attraction was proving to be less than popular with the other punters, but it was perfect for what Sarah had in mind. Pushing through the barrier, Sarah stepped cautiously into the small boat, extending her hand towards Megan to help her board.

Frozen in fear, Megan stood on the side with legs crossed, all the while bending over, desperately trying to make more room for her distended bladder inside her ordinarily flat tummy. The sound of trickling water was agony, and in response she shuddered violently. Her pee was on the verge of gushing out as her bladder pushed and struggled to void, but she clenched her muscles harder than ever. With the next leak threatening to be a complete deluge, she began to feel light headed from the strain. Realising the sooner this ride was over the sooner she could empty her bladder, she got control of herself and accepted Sarah’s hand, stepping into the boat and taking a seat next to her girlfriend. It felt great to be sitting, but if she sat still for even a second it would all be over. With Megan squirming and wriggling, the boat lurched forward as they were gently propelled into the slow moving water, disappearing from view as they entered the darkened tunnel.

It took several long moments for their eyes to adjust to the dim light. As the noise and commotion of the park receded behind them, it was replaced with a gentle harp solo that seemed to be all around them, only just audible above the ceaseless trickle of water. A dim red hue filled the tunnel as they drifted further in, visibility dropping to just a few yards around. The boat bobbed slightly in time to Megan’s jiggling legs, but continued its descent along the gentle currents of the stream.

“I’m not going to make it” Megan suddenly announced, knowing she was seconds away from springing a forceful leak into the crotch of her frilly knickers. She closed her eyes and caressed her navel, anxiously trying to soothe her angry raging bladder.

Instead of the usual reassuring phrases from Sarah, something quite different occurred. Suddenly feeling hot breath on her cheek, she instinctively pulled away and felt goose bumps rise on her skin. Megan was so excited, and being so close to wetting herself was heightening her anticipation to a nearly intolerable level. Sarah leaned in closer, knowing there was no escape from the tiny boat, and kissed her gently on the neck. Tenderly licking and caressing at her soft skin, breathing in the heady aroma of her perfume, Sarah whispered in her ear “I love you”.

Slipping from her seat, Sarah knelt down in front of Megan, pushing her legs apart and drawing herself up close. Embracing her tenderly but firmly, Sarah continued her loving caress of Megan’s neck with her mouth, tasting her supple skin and savouring the sweet flavour. Very slowly, Sarah was in no rush, she moved around to the other side, feeling Megan’s chest heaving as she breathed deeply and erratically. She felt Megan stop still and shudder for a second before resuming her constant writhing, and knew that if a spurt of pee hadn’t just escaped, it had been a very close thing. With one hand in her hair and the other cupped around her cheek, they each leaned closer before becoming locked together by a series of needy passionate kisses.

Stroking and caressing each other’s tongues, Megan felt like her whole body was on fire, every nerve broadcasting a succession of pleasure and pain signals that intertwined and merged into one mind blowing sensation. On the brink of weeing hard and fast, and already feeling on the brink of orgasm, she yearned for Sarah’s touch as she responded passionately and desperately to her kiss. She tried to squeeze her legs together, but with Sarah in the way her efforts were futile. She couldn’t even tell any more if the warm wetness between her legs was pee or arousal juice, but for the moment she didn’t care. All she could focus on was Sarah, and the feelings of exquisite torture she was enduring.

Sarah was the first to break away from the kiss, and allowed her hands to wander and begin exploring Megan’s squirming body. Moving her head down, all the while licking and tasting her exposed flesh, she found Megan’s erect nipples standing proud and firm through her t-shirt. Hearing Megan gasp as she ran her hands over them, she quickly broke away and hoisted Megan’s shirt up just enough to expose her thin bra. Coaxing out her right breast, she enclosed her mouth around her nipple, feeling it rigid under her tongue.

As she began to fervently massage and suckle with her mouth, Megan writhed with even greater ferocity, bucking and shuddering as she lusted for more. Megan’s stricken body was in controlled ecstasy, responding in exactly the way Sarah knew it would. With a hand now on her leg, she moved it slowly upwards towards what was now the centre of Megan’s universe, stroking and fondling her inner thigh on its journey along. Feeling Megan slide down the seat to meet her hand, it came to rest snugly against the wet glistening fabric between her legs.

Releasing Megan’s breast Sarah inched further downwards, lingering around her navel and feeling the solid bulge of her bladder beneath her tongue. She was mesmerised by its size, entranced by the way the area bulged to accommodate the liquid. She heard her gasp again as the slightest touch sent jolts of aching ecstasy shooting through her overwrought body. From here, Sarah could smell the unmistakable scent of fresh urine, and she pushed her fingers harder against Megan’s vagina to help her hold. She didn’t want her to burst, not yet, the experience was proving to be far too much fun to simply allow her the relief she craved.

Sarah waited a long while before going any further, instead choosing to enjoy watching Megan struggle and squirm against her hand. The heady scent of Megan’s wet womanhood was making her head swoon, and she had an insatiable craving to be touched herself. She kissed her abdomen with the lightest of pressure, not wanting to prompt another leak, before finally deciding she could resist the temptation no more. Her mouth travelled downwards, pausing at the top of Megan’s leggings as she began to edge them down. Sarah had begun to tremble herself, her extreme excitement causing a rush of adrenaline to course through her system. Megan breathed quicker, audible pants resounding through the tunnel. She was desperate on so many levels, praying Sarah would give her what she needed before she blacked out from desperation and yearning.

Sarah edged them down, leaving her knickers in place for the moment. She revelled in the spectacle when she saw they had become translucent, Megan’s engorged lips clinging to the wet cotton. The fabric followed every contour of her flawless squirming pussy, showing every curve and bump of the haven beneath. Sarah ran a trembling finger up the length of her covered lips, relishing the slimy wet texture saturating the material. Just inches from her face she started to edge them down, further and further until Megan was revealed in all her sensual glory.

She stared in elation as Megan’s saturated vagina took on a life of its own, contracting and twitching in a valiant struggle to keep from peeing. A long string of love juice still connected her knickers to her lips, growing thinner as she edged them further down her thighs, before finally breaking and springing back against her pale skin. Megan was ready, in absolute dire need of release. Desperately needing to feel Sarah’s tongue inside her, she begged for her touch, moaning and pleading between heavy breaths.

As Sarah’s heightened senses focussed on the most intimate region of Megan’s strikingly gorgeous body, she knew that moments like this were what she lived for. She watched as Megan squirmed, her fanny just a few centimetres from the end of her nose, pulsating and trembling, fighting to hold in more pee than she’d ever had to hold before. Her extreme arousal was on full display, her lips and clitoris a deep pink and shimmering as the juices from her drooling pussy covered and drenched the entire area. As Sarah moved in even closer, her nose almost touching the silky folds of her inner lips, the sweet intoxicating scent of arousal invaded her nostrils.

Megan was lost in a world she didn’t understand, but knew she never wanted to find her way back. Arching her spine she desperately tried to make contact with Sarah’s tongue, but even the vague feeling of her hot breath on her clitoris was enough to drive her insane. She could feel herself on the edge, one lingering caress in the right place enough to send her past the point of no return. She needed to orgasm, but didn’t want this feeling to ever end. In the absence of a proper touch, her pussy was threatening to start gushing a powerful hissing spurt, her holding muscles on the brink of failure.

She strained, clenching every muscle as tightly as possible, franticly holding back her wee but unable to squeeze in the places she so desperately needed to. Without help, without some form of external pressure, she was going to burst. The wave was building, and wriggling alone wasn’t satiating the overwhelming sensation growing inside her. Please, I’m begging you, touch me and help me hold it. Gripping down hard on the seat, her finger tips turned white from the force she was exerting. At the peak of the pressure, she felt herself begin to involuntarily lose control.

Sarah gawked as Megan’s vagina squeezed and contracted before her lips were forced to part. Several small beads of aromatic pee jetted from her urethra and dribbled down the length of her sex, until finally they dripped from her body and fell to the floor. Squirming and shuddering, she knew Megan was in the final throws of desperation, unable to hold back without the pressure some strategically placed fingers would provide. As she watched the droplets fall, she heard and felt what happened next before she saw it. A longer 2 second squirt erupted from between the folds of Megan’s engorged flesh, hissing loudly before splashing her in the mouth like a pressure hose. As quickly as it blasted out, it stopped, Megan’s weary sphincter contracting again around the base of her distended bladder. Sarah licked and tasted the sweet liquid from her face as it dripped from her chin.

Meanwhile, in a small surveillance office several hundred yards away, a burly security guard stared wide eyed and unblinking at one of the many monitors in front of him. Situations like this weren’t uncommon for this particular attraction, but never before had he seen anything quite like this. He pondered for a long moment, thinking it was a shame to interrupt them. He came to a decision and reached for his radio, promptly issuing a code yellow for the Tunnel of Love.

*034*2013-07-23 17:59

For those of you following the story, the next and final instalment won't be too much longer.

Also, thank you to everyone who took the time to comment, it really means a lot!

*037*2013-07-29 21:13

OK, due to some complaints regarding separate threads, I'm going to post chapter 5 here. I really thought this would be the final chapter, but it turns out Megan can hold on for another whole week at least! Thanks to FrostyJr2 for persuading me to post here today, I think it was right to split it up and save the final chapter for one more week!

Chapter 5

As Megan wriggled and writhed like a squirmy little worm, both desperate for a wee and desperate for Sarah’s touch, their small boat came to an abrupt halt. Sarah fell backwards as it did, which finally allowed Megan to draw her legs together. She instinctively began to squeeze the tops of her thighs against one another, grinding her legs up and down in the process. Grabbing her naked vagina, she clutched and squeezed at her wee hole, feeling closer than ever to having her internal dam burst completely. Her bladder throbbed and ached as she yearned for release, and her mind could think of nothing but peeing, combined with an insatiable desire to orgasm.

As Sarah righted herself, she was suddenly anxious and looked around for any sign as to what might be happening. Quickly beckoning Megan to get dressed again, she squinted into the darkness and strained her ears. Reluctantly, in a fuzzy desperation induced daze, Megan pulled her knickers and leggings up together in one swift motion with her trembling hands. The cold fabric once again clung to her swollen dripping vulva, but this time it felt different. No longer was it a stark reminder that she couldn’t pee, because very soon she knew it would be surging from her regardless. She pictured it in her mind’s eye, almost feeling the overwhelming sense of relief, but caught herself before she got too carried away and the fantasy became reality. The fact was, if a toilet wasn’t forthcoming, she would begin spraying wee into her knickers within a matter of minutes.

Suddenly, Sarah caught a glimpse of a small dot of light waving back and forth on the horizon. Puzzled at first, the penny finally dropped as she identified it as someone running towards them with a flashlight. A feeling of unease formed in her mind. Had they been seen? She wasn’t prepared to stick around and find out. The boat had stopped close enough to the edge that she could easily jump and clear the water, but she seriously doubted whether Megan could in her current state. Still, they had to try. One brush with the law today was enough; if they were caught a second time they almost certainly wouldn’t be so lucky.

Placing a hand on Megan’s shoulder, she pointed in the direction of the light before whispering “We’ve got to get out of here, I think we’ve been caught.”

Megan, in a desperate mess both psychologically and physically, could only nod in agreement. Her erratic breathing caught in her throat, an involuntary moan leaving her lips. The light was getting larger and was accompanied now by distant but heavy footsteps. They had to move quickly if they were to slip away without being seen. In one swift motion, Sarah ran and propelled herself from the side of the boat, landing cleanly and gracefully on the narrow walkway at the edge. Unable to utilise the muscles in her abdomen without crushing her bladder, Megan stood awkwardly from the seat whilst maintaining the grip between her legs. As she balanced herself against the rocking of the boat, Sarah whispered for her to hurry in an urgent tone. She knew it was now or never.

The footsteps were growing louder, and the beam of light was nearly upon them. Now holding her bulging belly with one hand, Megan shuffled to the edge of the boat and held her breath. Feeling her pulse race and her bladder throb in unison, she placed one foot on the side and pushed off with as much strength as she could gather from her trembling muscles. As she flew through the air, time seeming to slow as she reached out for Sarah’s hand. Feeling her bladder bounce and warp cruelly inside her body, she braced herself for the landing. Just about clearing the water’s edge, she landed but stumbled into Sarah’s waiting arms.

At the moment of impact, she felt a surge of heat inside her knickers as she spurted forcefully, but this time she was only just able to clamp off the flow. She was still feeling herself dribbling a little as Sarah began to pull her quickly along the narrow walkway. On the brink of losing it, she hurried as fast as her desperation would allow, all the while hunched over. Her free hand was back between her legs, pushing up on her urethra, desperately pawing at the tiny hole to stop the trickle. Her pelvic floor muscles clenched with all her strength and willpower, she got herself back under control for a few moments more.

With the beam of light hot on their heels, the girls turned quickly into a side door and up through an emergency exit, the door clattering loudly behind them as it slammed shut. Emerging moments later into the dazzling sunlight, they were both momentarily blinded and stood squinting as their eyes adjusted. Megan squirmed and shuddered, double crossing her legs and bobbing up and down. Seeing just enough, Sarah pushed on, all the while dragging a helpless desperate Megan behind her. Sarah glanced behind and saw a tall security guard emerge from the exit, seconds before losing themselves in the crowd. Pushing their way through, Megan could only pray she didn’t burst right here, right now. Trying to look natural but failing spectacularly, Megan followed dutifully behind her lover, on the edge of control, and still on the brink of the most powerful orgasm of her life.

The crowd was a blur, but Megan allowed herself to be guided as she shut her eyes and placed every ounce of trust in Sarah. Hands coupled tightly, they whirled through and out the other side into a comparatively open space. Glancing around, Sarah couldn’t see the guard, but knew they couldn’t rest yet. Slowing to a quick walk, she looked over Megan with a compassionate yet aroused eye. She watched for a moment as Megan struggled and squirmed, desperately trying not to look too obvious in public, but screaming all the signs of a girl who was about to wet herself. Sarah looked at the large park signs they had just arrived at, and came up with the perfect hiding place. She smiled to herself because she knew it would push Megan to her absolute limit, but with a helping hand she knew Megan could hold on just a little longer.

Leaning in close, Sarah nuzzled Megan’s ear before whispering, “Not long now sweetheart, just a few more minutes.”

Megan was certain she couldn’t wait another few seconds, let alone minutes, but she was resolved to at least try. Before even having the chance to reply, she felt Sarah give her hand another reassuring squeeze before she was led onwards, now at a more leisurely pace. After a brief but agonising walk, they turned a corner before Megan saw something that sent a shiver down her spine. Her bladder twinged and she doubled over, the sight of the women’s toilets almost too much for her body to take. With no time to lose, she stumbled on, desperately trying not to squirt any more than she already had. Her bladder was on fire, her clitoris tingled and throbbed, and her swollen lips strained against the fabric of her damp underwear.

As both girls hurried through the bathroom door, it swung open and crashed loudly against the wall. Megan couldn’t believe this was finally it, an end to her excruciating torture. There was no one else around, but several of the cubicle doors were locked. Large red engaged signs tormented her vision, while the gentle hiss of other women peeing assaulted her hearing. She felt her pussy dribble again in anticipation of her forthcoming wee, but just a tiny amount. As it trickled through her desperate pink lips, she shivered before it ceased again. Still trailing behind Sarah, they finally found a free stall and rushed in together, locking the door behind them. Beside herself with desperation, Megan swiftly began to press and rub at her womanhood, the saturated fabric transferring pee and moistening her fingers. She motioned towards the toilet, greedily taking in the sight with wide eyes, but Sarah blocked her path.

“We’re only hiding here for a minute or two, just until we know security has given up looking for us” Sarah whispered sternly. Megan’s expression changed from joy to despair in a single heartbeat. “This is the one place they can’t find us, but you’ll be OK for another few minutes, I’ll help you hold on a little longer.”

Without a pause Sarah moved in as close as possible to Megan, but didn’t touch. With Megan panting quickly, Sarah felt her hot breath on her cheek. Overwhelmed by the torturous feelings of desperation, Megan’s legs began to wobble and she reached out to Sarah for support. Sarah held her firmly, but she allowed her hands to wander. Remembering where she had left off in the Tunnel of Love, her hands meandered down to Megan’s waistband, then gently down inside her leggings. Very gently feeling the warm material of her knickers, the wetness was immediately obvious, and Sarah beamed a wide satisfied grin.

“Well, it looks like you’ve peed a little already,” Sarah scolded, trying to keep the joy from her voice.

Megan looked at the ground, but said nothing. She was trembling again, riding a wave of desperation and on the verge of squirting hot pee from her overwrought body. She felt her muscles begin to quiver and falter. At the same moment, Sarah pushed up firmly on her lover’s pussy, working the thin fabric of Megan’s knickers up between the folds of her lips, giving her the support she so desperately needed. Narrowly preventing another high pressure jet of urine from escaping, Megan shuddered again, squeezing Sarah’s hand tightly between the tops of her thighs and bending forward at the waist.

"Oh God, squeeze me harder,” Megan pleaded, her voice echoing around the public bathroom.

Sarah wriggled her hand inside Megan’s panties, allowing her access to the silky soft folds of flesh beneath the saturated material. Simultaneously with her free hand, she began to unbutton her own shorts and edge backwards towards the toilet. Megan gasped in shock as Sarah forced her to separate her legs a little. She felt her labia being teased and manipulated as Sarah slid her fingers between them, working them gently from top to bottom and back again, but being careful not to touch her hard throbbing clitoris. At least not yet.

Pulling her shorts down the length of her toned legs, Sarah sat heavily onto the toilet, her own naked pussy dribbling clear juices of arousal. Feeling for the slippery hole of Megan’s vagina, she softly circled it with her fingertips, teasing and playing a little before gently sinking her middle finger up into Megan’s hot writhing body. Feeling no resistance as it glided in, she penetrated as far as her digit would reach. Impulsively, Megan began to grind herself down onto Sarah’s hand, wriggling and squirming, desperate to feel the caress of her special spot in the way only Sarah knew how.

The inner walls of Megan’s vagina hugged and squeezed around Sarah’s finger, contracting and pulsating as she desperately tried to stop herself from wetting hard into Sarah’s hand. As her palm pressed up against Megan’s outer lips, Sarah’s exploratory finger began massaging the front wall of Megan’s inner sanctum. Rubbing and caressing the soft silky lining, Sarah brushed her finger instinctively and expertly over Megan’s g-spot. With legs almost buckling under her, Megan held on to Sarah’s shoulders for support and moaned quietly in blissful ecstasy.

The sound of hissing and splashing interrupted Megan’s divine feelings of aching pleasure, and she opened her eyes in horror to see Sarah weeing forcefully into the toilet. Sarah had been desperate too, but had hidden it well, and it was a relief to finally let go. Megan stared with tears in her eyes, her bladder at its limit, stinging and throbbing inside her petite frame. She was transfixed by the sight and sound of the urine as it squirted forcefully from her lover, gushing and splashing relentlessly into the porcelain. Sarah leaned back slightly to allow a better view, but Megan couldn’t take it, and her muscles involuntarily faltered.

Sarah felt Megan’s pussy pulsate quickly around her finger as her muscles put up a last valiant effort before relaxing totally. Megan had lost control of them, lost control of her bladder … but nothing came squirting out like she expected and so desperately needed. Instead, although her sphincter had relaxed, her pee was being held back by the force of Sarah’s fingers. She wriggled, desperately trying to allow it to flow, and succeeded for just a second. Her urethra opened, a heavy spray of urine jetting powerfully into Sarah’s hand. Droplets of urine ricocheted all over, spraying Sarah before the flow was clamped off again.

The brief jet hadn’t help Megan at all and she continued to fight against the pressure being applied to her womanly folds, but to no avail. With her body and mind swimming against a tidal wave of pee, she had to release, and she was so close to orgasm, but both were being held at arm’s length. With Sarah still probing deeply, all she needed was a brief touch to her clitoris, and she would explode in an entirely different way. Sarah held Megan’s pussy firmly and tightly, feeling the urine trickle down her arm before dripping to the floor at her elbow.

Suddenly and violently, there was a rapping on the cubicle door. Megan jumped and spun her head round, a look of disbelief and dismay descending over her face.

(To be continued)

*042*2013-08-02 20:45

{{: 

YAY !!!

Congrats on the merge; now everything is all neat, tidy and all in one place, easy to find !

We love that, don't we ?

}}

It looks better doesn't it? Everyone's happy!

Thanks to everyone for your wonderful comments, they spur me on to get the next and final (definitely final this time) instalment finished!

*047*2013-08-05 12:32

I'm so happy to see that people are thinking about what the future may hold for these 2 girls! Without giving anything away, we'll have to wait and see! But I'll try not to keep you waiting too long (unlike Megan)! I'll post the final chapter of this current story by the weekend, schedule willing! Thanks again everyone, your comments really do mean the world!

*049*2013-08-05 13:37

{{: 

As much as I would like to see how it all ends, it will be a bit sad when it's all over. The fun will be all done. I'm hoping to see more stories about Megan and Sarah in the future.

}}

Hi Anubis, thanks for reading! I've already got some ideas for the next story, so there will definitely be another in the near future. As long as people keep reading and enjoying them, I'll keep writing them! I need to try and think of a way to make the next one a little different ... but not too different!

