The Porcelain Frog (interactive story) - Page 2

Author: ExplosiveTurtlez

*029*2014-04-21 23:54

{{: 

Sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep

}}

{{: 

Damn it Fairy... I have a feeling this is going to become another Ice Cream deal...

I agree with you though. Sleep sounds good, even if it is in a bathroom.

}}

{{: 

I liked how kicking the door didn't work...it amused me.

Never anything wrong with a little sleep, no matter when or where, so I suppose that'd be the best thing to do...after all cleaning up is boring.

}}

Nothing is really happening at the moment, and you doubt any customers are coming anytime soon... so you could go with just one last nap... open up a stall or something... but first...

{{: 

I'd say clean up using the flush system conveniently installed behind the counter. It is a bathroom-restaurant after all so it's got to have a flush, right?

}}

You're a bit paranoid that you'll stumble across another "forgotten flush" or something. It doesn't really bother you, though most of the time your "normal" you is out, so a floater in the bowl makes you jump every now and again. One time, someone menstruated in one of the toilets and forgot to flush. It nearly gave you a heart attack when there was a toilet full of blood. For three whole days you thought that stall was haunted!

You take a peek behind the order counter and see a small button labeled "emergency flush." You were never really sure why you needed something like that, but you press the button anyways. In an instant, you hear a simultaneous orchestra of flushing. Toilets, urinals, everything is flushing... it then goes quiet. You're glad that nothing bad happened this time. The last time you pressed that button... well... let's just say that you had to stay overtime on cleanup.

Now that you got that out of your system, it's time to get some rest. You walk up to a random stall...

Each stall is equipped with a door, and on that door is a slot to let the food in, and at the same time keep privacy for the customers, though the customers may allow the waiter, or waitress in if they desire. You walk inside the stall.

On the inside are two toilets facing each other, and in between them, is a circular surface made of the same material as the stall walls on the floor which, at the push of a button (located next to a seat), can be raised up to act as a table. This is helpful if two customers come in and want to... "display to each other a little watershow," and don't have to deal with a table blocking the good part.

You randomly select one of the two toilets, instinctively drop you pants and underwear, take a seat, and close your eyes...

You are in the middle of your nap, when suddenly, there is a knocking at the door. You're curious who it could be. A customer, perhaps? Hopefully not, as none of the employees are yet to arrive. You quickly put your pants back on and rush to the door.

You open the door to see a little girl. She seems to be fidgeting quite a bit, and she has one arm tucked in between her thighs. She's a cute lil' munckin, but you wonder what she's doing all by herself, and in an alleyway no less... but anyways, this little "dance" she's making, it's pretty obvious what that means.

"Can I help you?" you ask the child...

"H-Helloh sur," she speaks shyly, "can I pleeze yooz duh potty? I WEEALLY need tuh goh peepee..."

(MAJORITY VOTE SELECTION)

- Let her yooz duh potty?

- Make her pay you (you prick)?

- Tell her to "fuck off," and shut the door on her (you heartless bastard)?

- Other?

*037*2014-04-27 02:54

Option 1: II

Option 2: II

Option 3:

Option 4: II

(... no tie breaker huh? Oh, how am I gonna get this to work in combination? -_-')

{{: 

So many things that need to be done but I'm going to stay quiet.

I say let her yooz duh potty and since I'm not yet sure how vindictive you can be I'm not going to suggest watching (as much as I want to).

In light of the newly found "other" option, I must suggest we pull her in, shut the door, THEN say she's not allowed.

}}

{{: 

Im feeling evil, so this.

}}

You start to grin a little...

"Alright kiddo," you speak in a friendly tone as you step to the side, "you can come in."

She quickly rushes in with her hands between her legs.

You were gonna explain that anything was basically a toilet, but she already seemed to know that somehow. Just when she walked towards one of the stalls, you quickly step in front of her.

"Sorry girl," you speak to the child, "can't let you use those..."

The girl seems shocked. "Wha?! w-w-w-why not? I gotta go naow!"

{{: 

Make her pay.

}}

{{: 

I say we make her pay. something good might come out of it (maybe she wont have any money ^^)

}}

"Well I ain't just gonna let you go in for free now, can I... *I'd be fired ya know!" you tell the girl.

(*: outright lie... you let people in to pee all the time! Hell, even your boss does it!)

The girl starts to tremble even more now... "Bu-but PWEASE mistur, I gotta go peepee! she says.

"Okay fine... I'll let you in..." you speak, "...for 10 bucks."

"BUD I DOUN' HAVE ANEE MUNEE!" She yells.

"Can't you get your parents?" You ask

"Y-... ... ...no" the girl spoke embarrassed.

"Well that's just a damn shame ain't it?" you say, not budging an inch from the door, "Oh- and by the way... you're gonna clean up your own mess."

The girl starts to trickle a bit. She puts her hands over her eyes and starts crying. She hasn't wet herself yet... but she seems just about ready too.

{{: 

Let her yooz duh potty is what I vote for

}}

{{: 

Let her use it. I would be evil and say to make her pay like all the other customers but I doubt she has any money on her.

}}

You put your hand on her hair and give off a grin.

"Oh come on now... you know I'm just joking." You speak as you step to the side and see the girl's face dry up.

"*sniff*, weally? Tankyu." She quickly cheers up and scurries into the bathroom stall... however... she doesn't go all the way in. She stays in place for a moment and then looks back at you.

"I kant go potty alone..." she says blushing.

"Why not?" you ask.

"Is too scawy," the girl responds.

... well... this suddenly just became awkward...

(MAJORITY VOTE SELECTION... for real this time... I hope)

- Go in the stall with the girl?

- Tell her you'll stay next to the door?

- Tell her to overcome her fear?

- Other?

*046*2014-05-03 18:43

Option 1: IIII

Option 2: I

Option 3: III

Option 4:

{{: 

You devious bastard. So much internal conflict... I have to say go in with her. As great as the draw is to prevent her from going, the draw to watch is even greater.

}}

{{: 

I say to go in with her :P obviously the better option

}}

{{: 

This is a kid, right? It'd totally be creepy to watch her. I say go in (since that seems to be the majority vote atm anyway), but turn your back to her you perv!

}}

{{: 

Well, to be straight-thinking here, it is both creepy and can be easily misunderstood to go in with her, just think about if the boss walks in on you watching a little girl take a piss...sounds a bit bad doesn't it

On the other hand, as much as I want to make her have an accident and prevent her from getting in, I'm not evil enough, she's a little girl, can't have her suffer...so I must go with the option that you go in with her, as long as you turn the other way (Although nothing says you can't find a way to have a little peek, maybe hoping to see a little pee stain in her underwear)

}}

You take a deep breath and swallow your pride...

"Ok kid, I'll go in... I guess," you tell the child a bit embarrassed.

The girl smiles at you and continues back in the stall. She takes off her underwear and jumps onto the seat. You turn your head to give her privacy, but as you were turning you caught a small glimpse of an even smaller stain on her underwear.

The girl then releases... as you face the wall, you hear the loud torrent of pee hitting the water and a high-pitched sigh of relief. It gives you that... "feeling"... not a sexual feeling though... after all, it's coming from a little girl, and you're not a pedophile (or at least... I hope not)... but it gives you that other feeling. Kinda like... hmmm... It's like when you're looking up stuff on your computer and you come across that one picture of a little kitten so adorable that you just swell up inside... that was the feeling you were feeling.

"Mistur?" the girl asks still peeing, "why r u lookin at duh wall like dat? Is dere somting cool on it?"

("This girl has no idea, does she?" you think in your head.)

Eventually, the sound of pee dies down. The girl takes a piece of toilet paper and thoroughly cleans herself.

"You done?" you ask.

"Yes mistur," she responds in a cheerful manner.

You let the girl out of the building. Before she walks away, she smiles at you and says "Tankyou."

You can't help but feel happy inside.

+70 kindness gained

Anyways, now that that is out of the way, you go back to the stall and continue your nap...

A few minutes pass as you slowly awaken from your nap...

For some reason, you can just barely make out someone's voice.

"Hey... you up yet?"

You open your eyes to see a woman in front of you. You quickly jump out of the seat in fright.

"Geez man, a bit jumpy this morning?" The woman asks.

The woman in front of you is Megan Kaufer.

Height: 5'3, weight: 126 lbs, red eyes, and short white hair (yup... she's albino). For quite some time, she has worked along side with you. You and her have gotten very well acquainted with each other, even to the point of discovering that you two "aren't so different when it comes to... certain interests." *nudge nudge*

You stand back up and pull up you pants.

"Well you're sure as hell late," you tell Megan.

"Sorry but well... ya know... traffic," she replies.

"Do you know where everyone else is?" you ask.

"Probably the same thing," she replies again.

Megan looks around for a moment, then looks back at you... this time, with a rather naughty expression...

"You know... ... ...there's no one here except you and me... wanna have a bit of fun?

"W-w-what kind of fun?" you ask nervously.

"Oh you know... the fun both you and I like," Megan says, "and please respond quickly... I'm not sure how much longer I can... contain this fun..."

- Have "fun" with Megan?

- Refuse Megan's offer?

