Results of the story writing competition

Author: Flush

*000*2011-12-27 21:25

Ladies and gentlemen, I'm really really sorry that it took so long, but FINALLY the results of the story writing competition can be published!

Four excellent stories - I had expected to get a few "twenty lines" stories, but on the contrary; every story was detailed and well-written. Judging was harder than I thought; seperating the sheep from the goats is easier than seperating sheep from other sheep after all. Finally the results are out, and the winner is...

ONCE IN A BLUE MOON by MEOWTH

Congratulations!

Below are the points given by the judges: Ranpalan, Silvery S Slash and me. Also I've wrote a small piece of comment about each story. I want to thank the judges but most of all I want to tell the contestants how much I admire their hard work. I can't thank them enough for entering the competition, the submissions were supreme. Kid_Omo, Meowth, Foxlover, Ishigreensa; my deepest respect. You guys did a great job and I'm sorry that the judging took so long. Your work was way better than ours. But enough talking; here are the results!

The wrestling match

By Kid_Omo

* Spelling & Grammar: 2 - 1 - 3

* Style: 3 - 2 - 3

* Characters: 3 - 2 - 4

* Arousal: 3 - 3 - 4

* Plot: 7 - 4 - 8

That makes a total of 52 points and a third place for Kid_Omo! Nice!

Personal comment: A story with an extensive plot behind it, long but just not too long to lose focus. I've never been to a wrestling match before so I don't know how the atmosphere is there - but the girls in the story are hardcore fans, it seems. No problem about that, we love full-bladdered girls, don't we? I really loved the plot of this.

Once In a Blue Moon

By Meowth

* Spelling & Grammar: 5 - 4 - 4

* Style: 5 - 5 - 5

* Characters: 4 - 4 - 4

* Arousal: 4 - 3 - 4

* Plot: 9 - 8 - 6

74 points for the winner of this competition - simply awesome; the maximum score was 90. Congratulations!

Personal comment: My personal favourite - by a small margin. Simply the best written story when it comes to the style of the writing; colourful visual words are flowing trough the piece like a small mountain river. Unfortunatly the plot is a bit "thin" though, in my opinion. The story is following the scenario very well, that's ok, but while the build-up of the desperation is extensive, the "supreme moment" was quite short. A choice of the artist, no doubt.

Oktoberfest

By Foxlover

* Spelling & Grammar: 2 - 4 - 3

* Style: 2 - 4 - 3

* Characters: 2 - 4 - 4

* Arousal: 4 - 3 - 5

* Plot: 5 - 7 - 6

A well deserved second place; 58 points for this story.

Personal comment: The most arousing story of all. The setting (the Oktoberfest rockfest) and the wide sensual description of the characters sucked me into the story immediately. It was a bit hard to follow what happened to each of the characters though - at the other hand, the "hasty" writing style matched the fast uncontrolled consecutive events perfectly. The lesbian twister game in between was a wtf-moment for me, maybe a bit too much, but hey it's fiction.

The Senior Sk

(ip Day)

By Ishigreensa

Disqualified

Personal comment: Very, very long story, maybe a bit too long for the scope of this competition. At the other hand - long stories are my favourite. This piece was very intriguing; very interesting characters - a bit hard to follow all of them though. Unfortunately the story was posted on the forum before the closing date of the competition, against the rules. The judging panel decided to disqualify the story, because of the broken rule but also because

The story was so long. I'm sorry.

My advice: read it anyway. The bus scene was one of the best scenes I've read in a while and the story is very descriptive; the writer has an eye for details.

