Got desperate?

Author: nakasette

*000*2014-11-29 06:25

I'm bad at titles... and tags... but whatever here's a story.

I had just gotten home from a 12 hour black Friday shift and I was dead tired. There had been so much to do I didn't even have time to finish my lunch. Whenever I'm in full on "work mode" I don't really think about anything else like eating or... going to the bathroom. Anyway, I opened the fridge and found a couple of 12oz bottles of milk and grabbed a few cookies off the counter and headed into my room to relax at my computer and play some league or something. I threw off my work clothes and got into a pair of gym shorts and tee shirt and sat down to load up a game.

About 20 minutes into a match I had downed both bottles of milk without even thinking about it. I wasn't really desperate at all up to that point, my mind had apparently shut off the whole "bladder is full go empty it" message I'd usually get, because all of a sudden a dull ache that was worsening by the second made itself very apparent. I looked at the match timer, 27:50, I figured another ten minutes and we'd be out and I could go let it out.

Time crept by slowly and the match was at a stalemate, neither side giving an inch, it was starting to become a serious problem at the 35 minute mark. I was actually quite surprised at how fast I'd skipped to absolutely desperate to pee from seemingly fine, this was when i noticed the 2 empty bottles in front of me.

"Wow, I thought juice made you need a pee, I didn't realize milk was just as bad." I thought to myself.

The timer showed 45 minutes when I had to take a hand away from the keyboard and hold myself to keep from losing it all over the floor, but just then someone appeared behind me and I had to pull away from myself, literally, to flash away. At this point my mind was consumed wholly with thoughts of relief, but I also didn't want to throw this match for my teammates.

Seconds ticked by, feeling like hours, as the clock hit the 58 minute mark. I had been pretty cautious up to this point, but the pain in my stomach had made it impossible to concentrate. Suddenly, the opposing teams Akali pounced on me and pretty much melted me before I could even react. I sat back in the chair and looked at the death timer, 78 seconds, then my eye wandered down to an empty milk bottle in front of me.

"Go ahead, use it, no one is looking. You have been holding it in for soooo looong, it'll feel awesome to just let it go." A little voice taunted inside my head.

I looked back at the timer, 70 seconds, I figured now was as good a time as any. I grabbed the bottle in my left hand, slid forward in the seat and pulled the left leg of my shorts back until my dick was accessible. I gently moved the mouth of the bottle into a position where the end of my dick was just inside and relaxed. Instantly, I was gushing like a fire hose and the rapid sound of water hitting plastic turned into water on water and filled the room. I sighed as I felt myself emptying, albeit slowly, and it occurred to me just how full I really was. I tried to think back to when i had last used the bathroom that day, and except for this morning, I couldn't think of one instance in which I had a spare moment to pee. Then a new problem surfaced, the bottle grew heavier and heavier and I was still at full flow.

I began to panic as the level of the pee grew closer and closer to the top, it was then I realized my problem, I had drank a large coke from wendys, 2 bottles of gatorade AND the 2 bottles of milk, and they were all trying to void themselves at once. I clenched down and with great difficulty managed to stop the flow as it reached the brim, I set the full bottle down, grabbed the second and positioned just like the other and resumed peeing. No sooner had I started going again when I heard the re-spawn noise.

I looked up at the screen and then back down at my still wetting dick, reluctantly I again stemmed the flow, and set back to the game. I still needed to go somewhat, at the very least I had let off enough pressure to focus back on the game, and with a final push we ran straight down the middle and finally won the game at the 65 minute marker. I jumped up and rushed down the hall to the bathroom to finish peeing. Finally, I was empty, I breathed a sigh of relief, went back to my room and grabbed the bottles to empty, and sat down at my laptop to write this story.

That's all, and the moral of the story is... uh, kind of lost my train of thought, what was it... Oh yeah.

I. HATE. BLACK FRIDAY.

That's all I'm really trying to say here.

