Lockdown at Northwest High

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-08-26 21:41

News of the armed robbery at the bank spread quickly. Everyone at the bank was okay, albeit poorer; but the robbers were still at large, and they were armed.

The Police Chief called the Principle of the Hich School: "Lock 'em down, Charlie; don't let anyone in or out, until we nab these guys. In less than a minute, all students were out of the halls and in class somewhere, and all doors were locked. The precious students were safe; no armed robber would hurt them.

The afternoon wore on, with the robbers still at large, and the school still locked down. Here and there a student began to fidget, as nature began to assert its urgency down in the adolescent bladder. Hands were raised; requests were made and denied. No one was going anywhere -- not even to the bathroom -- not even if her panties were already damp.

Such was Kaylie's condition, trapped in the Chemistry Lab. Kaylie was headed for the girl's room, when the intercom came on, ordering everyone into the nearest classroom. Kaylie pushed through the nearest door -- the Chem. Lab -- not without regret that the lockdown had come five minutes later. Pressure was building down below.

Hour followed hour. Groups of students coelesced here and there, talking about the robbery, the lockdown, the injustice of the whole system, and the urge to pee. Kaylie wasn't at all sure that talking about being desperate to pee did anything to relieve desperation; but since the desperate can think only of their desperation -- and Kaylie was desperate -- she might as well join the discussion of the common misery.

"I'm going to pee my pants any minute," moaned Kaylie, holding his crotch and squeezing her legs together. "Ooooo."

"You girls are lucky," returned Lloyd. "You have to wear navy skirts. You can just pull your skirt out from under you, and pee your panties."

"Kaylie's been there and done that," piped up Emily. In fifth grade she used to sit back on the swing at recess and pee right through her panties on the ground." Kaylie's face turned bright red and she buried her face in her hands.

"Damn!" declared Lloyd, discustedly; I always miss the good stuff. You wouldn't do it again, would you, Kaylie?" Kaylie said nothing. "Well, I can always hope," concluded Lloyd; the day is long.

Little did Lloyd realize that the crotch of Kaylie's panties was already damp. Twice already she had squirted pee into the waiting cloth. Wetness made her that much more desperate. She could only hold so long."

Conversation lagged, as everyone focussed on his or her bladder. Then emily looked up and declared, "I smell pee. Somebody has already peed their pants a little." She glanced accusingly from Kaylie to Lloyd. "Spread your legs. Lloyd; let me see your crotch. I bet it's wet."

"I can't spread my legs, and I'm not wet," claimed Lloyd, defensively. "It's one of you girls."

"It's not me," said Emily, emphatically. "Kaylie, fess up. You've peed your panties, haven't you?"

"The accusation provoked another squirt of pee." Kaylie could no longer deny reality. Silently she shook her head in the affirmative.

"I knew it!" crowed Emily; "Kaylie's peed her panties. Several near-by students turned their heads and looked at Kaylee. No one laughed or teased, however; Kaylie was not the only one with damp underpants.

"Look," put in Mr. Rosecrest, the Chemistry Sister; "I know some of you are desperate to use the bathroom. I can't let you out of the room to go; sorry. Anyone who wants to go in the waste basket is welcome to do so. Let's everyone turn their shairs the other way."

A scraping of chairs was punctuated by low moans and one four-letter word. "That does it for me," declared Tony, standing carefully and waddlign toward the waste basket with both hands between his legs. A zipper unzipper and almost immediately the metallic roar of a hard stream of male urine striking the side of a metal trash can filled the room.

"Damn," murmured Lloyd; " couldn't you pee a little louder?" Then, "O no." Lloyd squeezed his hands between his legs until his whole body shook with the strain. Then he relaxed, just a little; but a little dark stain had appeared in the crotch of his tan trousers.

"Attaboy, Lloyd," taunted Emily; "the big boy pees his pants." Lloyd just hung his head.

Fearfully, Kaylie scooted her chair closer to lloyd. All movement was dangerous. "Just go in the trash can," said Laylie; "We won't look."

"I can't Kaylie," returned Lloyd almost in tears, "I'm bladder-shy. I can't go with anyone in the room -- not even within hearing."

"Give it a try," encouraged Kaylie; it's your only hope.

Lloyd felt his wet crotch; Kaylie was right. One way or another, Lloyd was only minutes from peeing -- either in the trash can or in his pants. "I will, if you go first," said Lloyd.

"I can't pull my panties down and pee in a trash can," objected Kaylie; "I'm a girl."

"Sure you can." Now Lloyd was the encourager. Just pee through your panties; they're already wet, and your skirt will hide everything."

Of course Lloyd was right, on all counts. Trembling slightly, Kaylie stood and tip-toed to the trash can. She spread her skirt around the can and sat down. A tell-tale hiss mdeasured the better part of a minute before subsiding. "Way to go, girl," said Lloyd to himself. But now it was his turn.

As Kaylie rose from the trash can, Lloyd stood at his desk. Kaylie smiled weakly. Lloyd tried, unsiccessfully to smile back. He stepped up to the trash can, unzipped and pulled out. He tried to relax; nothing. He strained until he was trembling with effort; no go.

"Hey, old boy, pee or get away from the trash can," piped up a male voice from across the room. "Some of the rest of us need the facilities."

With one last strain, Lloyd pulled in and zipped up. That's when nature took over. In the privacy of his pants, Lloyd peed; he couldn't help it. He'd strained too hard; he had to let go. He just couldn't in public.

Pee ran out of Lloyd's left pant leg, filled his shoe and puddled on the floor. "Geeze Louise, lloyd; "can't you hit something as big as a trash can?" That male voice again; but no one snickered.

Lloyd sat down and put his head in his hands. Kaylie reached out a comforting arm. "It's okay, Lloyd; my panties are just as wet as your trousers," soothed Kaylie.

Lloyd looked up. "Great!" he replied to Kaylie; "Then let me borrow your nice dry skirt."

The ludicrous image hung between them. Kaylie and Lloyd both laughed. "At least it wasn't number two," suggested Lloyd. Kaylie giggled.

