Bursting after the restaurant (male and female desp)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-04-27 16:14

A couple of weeks ago I went out for a meal with some friends at an Indian restaurant. The food was pretty spicy so I ended up drinking a glass of water, about 2 glasses of lemonade and 2 or 3 glasses of coke. About 2 hours later, after the meal was finished, we all walked back to one guy’s apartment for drinks, about 30 minutes walk away. As we left the restaurant I felt a fair urge to piss, it had been around 3 hours since I had last relieved myself and my bladder was filling rapidly from all the liquids I had drank at the restaurant. I didn’t want to keep everybody waiting though, so I told myself I’d just have to wait until we got to the apartment.

On the walk back the group split up, and I ended up walking with a cute girl I’d met earlier on in the evening named Ellie, with two other girls slightly ahead of us and everyone else dawdling pretty far back behind us. As we walked in the cold evening air I could feel my bladder getting fuller and fuller, and after only 10 minutes of walking I was beginning to get desperate. The conversation I was having with Ellie was helping to keep my mind of it but I was definitely bursting for a piss, and I wished I’d taken the chance to pee before we left the restaurant. I was sitting opposite Ellie at the restaurant and I couldn’t help but notice that she hadn’t left the table for the whole evening, and drank pretty much the same amount I had. She must have needed to pee about as badly as I did, yet she wasn’t showing any signs of being desperate. I noticed she was wearing really tight jeans, which surely must have been putting some pressure on her bladder, making her even more uncomfortable.

A little while later we were getting closer to the guy’s apartment, and by now we were pretty far ahead of everyone else, with the two girls quite far ahead of us. I was really frantic now, my bladder throbbing with every step I took, squeezed by my belt, and I was having difficulty disguising just how badly I wanted to piss. I was way too shy to tell Ellie how desperate I was, even though it was likely that she was bursting too. I realised that we’d have to wait outside the apartment for the rest of the group to catch up with us, which meant somehow standing still without it being obvious that my bladder was about to explode.

I put the thought out of my mind, and tried to concentrate on our conversation, my mind increasingly distracted by my fierce need to piss. I had my hands in my pockets, and I tried to discreetly move them towards my cock to help me hold on, but it looked way too obvious. I noticed Ellie was beginning to look a little distracted as well, and I might have imagined it, but I’m sure I saw her biting her lip occasionally.

As we got to the street the guy’s place was at, we had to cross a busy road. As we waited for the cars to stop, I couldn’t help but cross my legs and squeeze my cock through my pockets for the briefest moment, biting my lip. I glanced at Ellie but luckily, she didn’t seem to notice, or if she did, pretended not to. She was standing with her legs tightly crossed, watching the cars intently as if willing them to stop. I was sure of it now, she was dying to pee, just as I was, and I wondered how long we were gonna have to wait for the rest of the group to come and let us into the apartment. I was still too shy to mention how desperate I was… if I’d have known her better, then I might have done, but as we’d only met a few hours earlier, it just didn’t seem appropriate. And besides, she hadn’t mentioned about needing to pee, so why should I?

The cars finally stopped and we crossed, and I was grateful for the chance to walk again which helped me hide my urgent need to relieve myself. I could see the 2 girl ahead of us were now all the way down the street and were waiting outside the apartment building. I looked back and couldn’t see the rest of the group, and I bit my lip as I realised that we could be waiting for them for ages. The street was pretty dark, with plenty of shadowy areas and trees, and I longed to run behind one, pull out of cock and relieve myself noisily against it, sighing in relief, and if I was alone, I probably would have done. But I wasn’t, and no matter how frantic I was to empty my bursting bladder, I couldn’t embarrass myself like that in front of a cute girl I’d only just met.

After a few more minutes of walking we finally reached the apartment building, saying hi to the 2 girls who were already there and making small talk until the rest of the group arrived. I began to shift my weight from foot to foot, trying not to fidget and squirm around too much, telling myself that I only had a few more minutes to wait before I could finally piss. It was torture, forcing myself to act calm and chat to the girls like nothing was bothering me, while trying to hold back the ocean of piss inside my throbbing bladder. I noticed Ellie was definitely quieter than she had been before, and was again standing with her legs tightly crossed. I saw her bob up and down on the spot a couple of times, and she noticed me looking.

‘Ooh, I wish they’d hurry up’ she said quietly, uncrossing her legs before quickly recrossing them the other way. ‘Yeah me too’ I said, walking out into the street to see how far away everyone was. Thankfully, I could see them in the distance, and while I was stood with my back to the girls I gave my cock a quick squeeze through my pockets, biting my lip in desperation. I stood like that for a few seconds, squeezing myself tightly, before walking back to the apartment. ‘They’re only, like, a couple of minutes away ‘I said, and Ellie nodded, biting her lip for a second before smiling at me, but I could see the desperation in her eyes.

Finally, the rest of the group caught up to us and we were let inside the building. I had only one thing on my mind as we walked up the stairs to the guy’s apartment… to get to a toilet and finally relieve my rock hard bladder. I stood next to Ellie as we waited to get into the apartment, slightly behind everyone else, waiting eagerly to get inside and piss, bouncing from foot to foot as discreetly as I could. Ellie was standing with her hands on her lips, legs crossed tightly. She bounced on the spot a couple of times and sighed impatiently. ‘You ok?’ I said innocently, knowing full well why she was so eager to get inside.

She nodded and bit her lip, smiling sheepishly.

‘Yeah, I just really need a wee’ she said quietly, bobbing up and down a couple of times on the balls of her feet. I grinned and bit my lip. ‘Yeah same here, that whole walk home I was bursting, I drank way too much at the restaurant.’ She laughed quietly. ‘Tell me about it, when we were waiting outside just now I was that desperate I could hardly stand still. I’m going first though.’ She gently pushed past me and stood in front of me, blocking me from getting past, grinning at me over her shoulder. By now, the apartment door was open and everyone was going inside. I tried gently pushing past Ellie to get in front of her, but she grabbed the waistband of my jeans and pulled me back. ‘You’ll just have to wait’ she said, flashing me a cute smile.

When we finally got inside most people were making their way to the living room and or the kitchen, but I followed Ellie down the hallway. ‘Ohh God where’s the toilet?’ she whispered frantically, and as we turned the corner we spotted one of the girls we were chatting to earlier waiting outside a closed door, with another girl leaning against the wall with her legs crossed. ‘Oh are you waiting for the loo?’ Ellie asked, and both girls nodded. As we joined the queue, Ellie turned around and looked at me, biting her lip. I knew what she was thinking of course… just how long were we going to have to queue for? She crossed her legs and folded her arms, and I leaned back against the wall with my legs crossed and my hands in my pockets, forcing myself to hold onto my piss for just a few more minutes.

We waited in awkward silence, occasionally exchanging desperate glances, the pressure we were both feeling from our bladders evident in our tense expressions and fidgety movements. After a minute or so, the door opened and the other girl we’d been chatting with outside the apartment came out, a big grin on her face. ‘Oooh the relief!’ she said laughing, and her friend laughed too as she quickly hurried into the bathroom and closed the door. Now there was only one more girl in front of Ellie and me, who was now standing up, her legs wrapped around each other tightly, resting her hand on the wall. She looked pretty desperate, and I was sure I hadn’t seen her get up to use the toilet at all during the meal.

After another minute or so of waiting, Ellie turned to me and mouthed ‘Oh my God’, biting her lip and closing her eyes for a second, bouncing on the spot. I nodded and mouthed ‘I know’, tugging my belt away from my bladder. She whispered something, but it was so quiet that I couldn’t hear her so I moved closer, and she leaned up and whispered into my ear. ‘I think I’m gonna wee myself if they don’t hurry up’. She started to blush and bit her lip again, bobbing up and down a few times. I already had a hard-on which I was struggling to hide, but after hearing those words and seeing her squirm around in desperation, I felt like I was about to come right there next to her.

Just then, the door opened and the girl inside walked out looking relieved. The girl in front of us rushed inside and shut the door, leaving just me and Ellie outside in the corridor, frantic for a pee. ‘Oh Goddddd’ she moaned under her breath, jiggling from foot to foot with her hands on her belt. I reached across and tickled her sides playfully, and she gasped and pulled away. ‘Ohhh no please don’t, you’re gonna make me wee myself.’

‘I bet she’s gonna be in there for ages.’ I teased, and Ellie moaned quietly, bending over for a few seconds with her hands between her legs, before straightening up and undoing the belt of her snugly fitting jeans. She saw me looking, but she just bit her lip and said ‘I don’t care anymore, its pressing on my bladder.’ As she opened her belt and began to undo the top of her jeans, I noticed just how much her bladder was bulging. She was really bursting! She made a little ‘ooh’ sound under her breath, before gently rubbing a hand across her bladder, crossing her legs tightly once more.

‘Oh cmon cmon cmon hurry up before I wee on the floor’ she said quietly, staring at the toilet door longingly. ‘Told you she was gonna be ages’ I said, taking the opportunity to squeeze my desperate, aching cock while Ellie’s attention was elsewhere. She laughed and said ‘Oh shut up, you’re the one whose going to be waiting outside desperate while I’m having a nice long wee and washing my hands and checking my hair in the mirror and stuff. I might just take my time to make you wait longer.’ She grinned at me and I bit my lip. ‘Noooo…. Ok ok, I’m sorry!’ I said. She just laughed and turned her attention back to the toilet door, and I took the opportunity to undo my belt and give my cock a nice long squeeze, biting my lip. Despite all my teasing, I was beyond frantic and really, really didn’t want to have to wait any longer than I absolutely had to.

Finally, the girl in the toilet came out and Ellie rushed in, bent over slightly with her hands already on her jeans ready to tug them down, slamming the door behind her. Now I was alone in the corridor, so I could dance around and squeeze my dick. I leaned back against the toilet door with both hands in my jeans, my legs crossed, desperately wishing Ellie would be out soon. After about a minute, I thought I heard the toilet flush. ‘Oh god fucking hurry up’ I muttered under my breath, bending over with my hands wrapped tightly around my dick. After another 2 minutes of desperately waiting to get in and piss, I turned around and banged on the door. After a few seconds it opened, with Ellie standing in the way, hands resting either side of the door. ‘God, you’re so impatient’ she said grinning .

‘I told you I’d take my time’. I tried to push past her into the toilet but she pushed me back gently. She glanced down and saw belt hanging loose with the top of my jeans open. She laughed and began to tickle my sides. ‘Aw does someone need the toilet?’ she asked sweetly, grinning up at me as she dragged her nails lightly against my skin. I squirmed and tried to get past her, but she stood her ground. ‘Ohhh no don’t! Just let me past!’ I said laughing, trying to hold on to my piss, get away from her fingers and get past her into the toilet at the same time. Finally she relented and stepped aside, letting me hurry past her into the toilet.

I turned around and pushed her out the door lightly, but she wouldn’t move. ‘I’m good here thanks’ she said, grinning at me. I was too desperate to care, so I shrugged and hurried over to the toilet bowl, ready to whip out my throbbing dick and let loose. ‘Ohhh ok you’re just gonna start weeing in front of me, ok I’m gone’ she said laughing, and hurried out, closing the door behind her. I had my cock in my hand before the door was even closed, and I gasped in relief as I began to piss a powerful stream of gushing urine into the bowl. I pissed and pissed, my rock hard bladder finally emptying after holding in so much piss for what felt like so long. When I finally finished, I sighed in blissful relief.

