I Wet Myself at Work - Stuck on the phone in a call centre

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-02-13 08:07

I've just finished writing 'I Wet Myself at Work' and wanted to share it with you! Here's the first two chapters and I'd be happy to hear your opinions. The rest of the book is here $$.

In these chapters, Emily works in a call centre, on the edge of losing her job. If she hangs up on another caller or gets out of her cubicle before five, she'll be fired. Dying to pee, she notices her filing cabinet and wonders if she can get away with going in there without anyone noticing. Enjoy the story! In the second half of the book Emily gets in the lift with her boss who hits the emergency stop and reveals in the most shocking way that she has been lusting after Emily. The lights go out and Emily's face is clamped into her bosses naked crotch...

Chapter 1 – Full Bladder At Work

As I hung up, the voice still ringing in my ears. I took a deep breath, knowing Brian would appear above my cubicle any moment.

“Emily, how’s it going?” he asked, head peering over with that horrible smile fixed on his face. As ever, he didn’t wait for me to reply. “I know it’s hard to remember but you can’t hang up on people just because they shout at you. If you do it again I’m going to have to let you go so if you could work that little bit harder, that’d be fantastic.” He took a sip from his coffee cup and turned away to harass one of the other employees.

I’ll tell you what I wanted to do. I wanted to take off my headset and grab Brian, bend him over and shove the fucking thing up his arse before storming out to the cheers of my erstwhile colleagues. I’d only been here a week, working in a call centre that seemed to force you to leave your personality at the door on your way in. To think, I’d actually been excited when I got the job.

I counted down from five. Whenever Brian appeared, Mary was sure to follow within five seconds. Four, three, two…

“Emily, Brian asked me to have a word,” she lied, arms folding as she stood with legs manfully apart. Her technique was different but it all amounted to the same thing. “You mustn’t hang up on people. I’m afraid it’s a red mark on your chart for today. Another one and we might have to let you go.” She winced as if it hurt her to say that whilst I fantasised about removing the headset from Brian’s arse to shove up hers instead but out loud I just nodded and agreed. Don’t judge me, I needed the money.

Mary walked away to be replaced by Mark, the big boss from upstairs. Looked like I was getting the full works today. “Hi Emily,” he began as ever in his faux friendly voice. “I’ve been hearing a few sad things about you and that’s such a shame. I do love having you here.”

His hand descended to my shoulder, patting it as he spoke as if I was a recalcitrant child in need of simple guidance. “Three red marks in two days is such a shame. Such a shame. And I thought you were starting to fit in here too.” He sighed, running his hand through his thinning hair. “I’ll be keeping an eye on you for the rest of the day just to check you’re on the right track. No leaving your booth okay? No more breaks to sit on the toilet and play candy crush. Oh yes, Mary told me. You stay there until 5 and we’ll start fresh again tomorrow. Everyone deserves another chance don’t they?”

He walked off as the light on my console lit up again. Another call. I pressed the button and readied myself. A furious voice at the other end of the phone started with the word ‘fuck’ and it went downhill from there. I thought I might be able to calm him down but halfway through his rant, he seemed to realise I was a woman and began trying to flirt with me, as if I had any control over the size of his phone bill this month. I ran over his account on the screen, it was filled with calls to x-rated phonelines. Maybe that was why his breath was getting more ragged as he talked to me.

My finger hovered over the disconnect button but I had a vision of the three stooges appearing to fire me in triplicate and I sat back in my chair, closing my eyes as the voice at the other end continued droning on.

Another call followed this one, as it always did. There never seemed an end to the disgruntled mass of humanity that wanted to complain to me. If it wasn’t for the three months of rent arrears I wouldn’t even be in the job. Another few weeks and I’d be paid enough to square my bills. Then I could look for the posts I wanted, get out of this shitty city and try somewhere new maybe.

I felt a painful sensation inside my body and realised I needed to pee. I glanced round and rolled my eyes at the sight. Brain, Mary and Mark were all watching me from the end of the room. They could only see my head but they’d immediately know if I got up. Could I hold it in until five? I wasn’t sure. I’d been for a cheeky drink with Sarah and Jan during lunch and I could almost feel it trickling down to my stomach as each minute passed.

I spun my chair back to the computer. Three red lights flashed on the console. Having to keep people on hold only made them angrier when they finally got through but what choice did I have?

“Hello, Emily speaking, your customer helper for today. How may I assist you?”

“Suck my fucking cock you whore,” the voice at the other end said casually.

Without thinking my hand hit disconnect and I swore inwardly as Brian seemed to materialise over the partition to my cubicle.

“Emily, how are you doing?”

“I know,” I interrupted. “I didn’t mean to hang up but it was an obscene phone call.”

“I know it’s hard to remember,” he continued, almost verbatim to our last conversation. “But you can’t hang up on the customers.”

I sighed as he droned on before he finally walked away. In the five seconds it took Mary to appear, my desire to pee grew just that little bit stronger.

Mary looked sad, even carrying the awful chart of green stars and red dots that marked the progress of each employee. It was as if we were still toddlers. I hated the damn thing but it was actually written into our contracts that five dots meant termination of employment.

As she talked, she stuck a red dot next to my name. She walked away at last to be replaced by Mark, looking even sadder than before. He talked for nearly ten minutes, all the time more lights flashing up on my console. You could sum up his speech in one sentence. One more red dot and I was out the door.

Chapter 2 – Could I Pee In The Filing Cabinet?

Fantastic, I hate my job that I’m about to lose and I really need to pee. I can’t even see outside, surrounded as I was by three flimsy partitions and a solid magnolia wall of nothing behind me. I hit the next call button as the pain in my bladder grew stronger.

The minutes passed by and I thought I might make it. Then I seemed to suddenly become overwhelmingly desperate in moments. I wasn’t sure why my body was doing to me but it seemed determined to ruin my life. I sat on one of my hands, lifting and lowering my legs quickly as I swivelled round on my tiny office chair.

I glanced up but my three bosses were still there. In the next booth I could hear Malcolm’s dirge like conversation. He had the right idea, be duller than the customer and they always hung up first. Maybe I should try that.

It was when I looked down that I saw the filing cabinet. The drawers had been empty for a week, someone was supposed to take it away but as with everything in this company, nobody had got round to it yet. An idea flashed into my mind. If I couldn’t get away to use the toilet, could I maybe go in there?

I dismissed the idea as madness but as I became increasingly desperate, I came back to it again and again. From where I was, nobody could see anything but my head and the air conditioning hum would cover up any noises I made. It began to seem like a sensible idea in my desperate state. Could I do it without the three stooges noticing? Or should I just say fuck it and get up and go. I thought of the landlord hammering on my door, my possessions being thrown into the street. That image kept me in my booth. My desire to pee was now more urgent than ever. My toes were tapping up and down as I talked on my headset, my legs were rubbing against each other on my seat and I could hear my tights shushing together, causing a ladder to appear at my left knee, caused by the incessant friction.

Another five minutes went by but it felt like hours. I was starting to sweat, the panic making my body more nervous, which made the desire to urinate even stronger. My bladder felt dangerously full and I dug a finger into the edge of my skirt, stretching it away from my body, trying to gain a little relief for at least a moment or two.

I took an earful of abuse from one more caller before the most wonderful thing happened.

“Emily, your customer helper here. How can I assist you?”

“I’m not sure. Could you tell me how to deal with a prank caller?”

The voice on the other end of the line was soft and gentle and I think I knew them.

“Can I take a few details for security. Your full name please.”

“Kitty Jones.”

Kitty. A lovely name. I almost sighed, picturing the woman at the other end of the line. After such screaming and swearing her call was a wonderful change. I listened to her talking as I wriggled my bottom on and off the chair, my hand edging up my skirt to press between my legs, holding in the pee that was crying to come out. I was in pain, it couldn’t be healthy to be this desperate.

With a little kick of my foot, the chair rolled over to the filing cabinet. I used my spare hand to pull open the top drawer. There was nothing inside of course but would I make too much noise? I realised I had no choice but to find out.

I lifted my bottom off the seat again but this time I pulled the skirt backwards to my waist so my panties were pressed onto the seat. I dug my hand into my tights and began to slowly lower them, trying to keep my head still so nobody would suspect what was happening. I got them down to my knees and was able to wriggle my legs to lower them further until they lay in a pool on the floor beside my kicked off shoes. I took a last look at Brian, deep in conversation with Mark and oblivious to me it seemed. I hooked a finger into my panties and edged off the seat just enough to tug them down. They joined my tights on the floor and I sat back on the seat just in time as Mary appeared above the cubicle wall.

“I’m popping upstairs for five minutes so I’m leaving the chart here to remind you,” she whispered as I continued to talk to Kitty. She didn’t notice my panties on the floor luckily and I sighed with relief as she walked away. I was nervous as I hadn’t heard her approach but my bladder was beyond the point of no return now. I had to pee and quickly before anyone else came over.

I shuffled to the side of the seat and then off the chair, keeping my knees bent so it looked to anyone watching as if I was still sat down like a professional employee. Pointing my bottom towards the filing cabinet, I lowered myself so my buttocks were inside the drawer. Resting my weight on the metal edge, I checked nobody else was nearby.

I thought I was safe so I pushed with the muscles inside me and the first few splatters of pee escaped me. It felt kind of naughty doing this and a shudder of excitement ran through me. I was on the phone to somebody whilst wetting and I was surrounded by people who had no idea what I was doing.

The flow began to strengthen and turned into a waterfall. From this angle I couldn’t direct the stream well and some of it hit my thighs as it fell, instantly warming them. I continued my conversation as my bladder began to deflate. Below me I could hear the hiss of my urine gushing out of me and I found myself more relaxed than I’d ever been.

“I’m back,” a voice said. I jumped with shock and turned my head to see Mary staring at me. “What the hell are you…” Her voice died away as she realised what was happening, her mouth falling open.

Hope you liked this. I'm still offering a free book to anyone who leaves a review of my stories on amazon if you're interested. Visit my website for more details.

Lots of love

Luna

