Wet Not Want Not [The Cleveland Show]

Author: maddjunkie

*000*2014-04-29 18:18

I don't watch a lot of Cleveland Show so this was a little harder for me to do but it was still fun and I hope you guys enjoy

###

Finishing off another one of Rallo’s juice pouches, Donna set the empty container atop the dryer and went back to loading the washing machine. Colors first, since there was more of them, all haphazardly tossed into the washer. This was probably her third load of the day and between checking up on her son and doing the laundry, Donna was starting to get tired. She hadn’t even had time to take a break, only pausing for short periods to eat some snacks and drink juice.

“Rallo!” Flaring her nostrils, Donna screeched out her son’s name from inside the kitchen. She waited a few minutes for him to peek his head into the room, a grin on his face as though he could charm his way out of this. Pointing at a small puddle of liquid pooled on one of the kitchen chairs, Donna let out a huff,

“What the hell is this, Rallo?”

“Well that, mother, would be piss.”

“Don’t you sass me! I mean why is there pee on the chair? You know you’re supposed to tell me when you need to go.” Frustrated, Donna grabbed a hand towel from off the top of her laundry basket and began to mop up the puddle.

“Well Roberta gave me a juice every time I asked.”

“Oooooh that girl. Don’t she know you’ll go through thirty damn pairs of underwear if you drink every time you want…” The mother muttered under her breath, trailing off as she finished soaking up the urine. Standing up straight, Donna winced as she felt a small pressure in her stomach. It’d been a while since she last peed but at the moment she had more important things to do. Storming her way upstairs, the buxom mother forced open her daughter’s bedroom door.

Roberta jumped at the sudden noise, sitting up in her bed to question her mother. She had barely opened her mouth before Donna started scolding her, “Roberta! What have I told you about giving so much juice to Rallo!” Shrugging her shoulders, Roberta fully intended on laying back down and listening to music when her mother grabbed her wrist and yanked her up.

“Oh no, come on, you’re gonna help me do this laundry,” Pulling her behind her, Donna kept her grip firm. The sudden jerking made Roberta aware of how much liquid she’d drunken through the day, her stomach sloshing uncomfortably.

“Dang mama can’t I go to the bathroom first?”

“You can go after this is done.” Huffing to herself, she trailed behind her mother in silence. There was nothing to say once her mama was set on something.

Shifting from side to side, Roberta continued to place clothes in the washing machine. How was she so desperate so fast? Glancing over to her mother, she rolled her eyes. Donna seemed to have to pee just as bad, when she thought Roberta wasn’t looking she had one hand between her legs while she pulled clothes out of the dryer. More than once the sound of both ladies sucking air through their teeth permeated the room along with the shifting of legs and soft groans. Roberta placed a hand on her exposed stomach, feeling the way it bulged out more than usual. God it felt like she was about to pee right there! Hurrying with the last few dirty clothes, the young woman quickly shut the washing machine and fiddled with the settings. Turning it on, she quickly darted back up the stairs, not even bothering to say bye to her mother. Her legs twisted around themselves as she stumbled towards the bathroom, her body practically screaming at her to let go.

It took Donna another several minutes to finish fishing out the clothes in the dryer to put them in the bin. Her stomach felt like a rock and she couldn’t stop rubbing her fingers against her crotch. Wiping the sweat from her brow, Donna finally decided she couldn’t wait anymore. Keeping her hand between her thighs, she carefully shuffled her way out of the laundry room towards the bathroom. Getting up the stairs was awful and more than once her body betrayed her, leaking pee for a few seconds and making her thin panties damp.

Her stomach nearly dropped when she noticed the door was closed. Clenching her teeth, she jiggled the door handle to no avail. Locked! Roberta must have beat her to it. Keeping one hand between her legs and swaying her wide hips from side to side, the older woman tried desperately to figure out what to do. Biting her full lower lip, an idea struck Donna. Squeezing her thick thighs one more time, she hurriedly made her way to the master bedroom. Carefully locking the door behind her, she shuffled to the closet, groaning as she looked around for that one item. Her eyes caught sight of shiny plastic and she felt bladder throb at the thought of release. Crossing her legs one over the other, Donna used both hands to reach the top shelf for the bright white and blue potty. They’d used it to potty train Rallo and she was suddenly very grateful she’d kept it.

Placing it on the closet floor, Donna pressed her hands against her crotch as her bladder tensed and forced several spurts of urine out. Once she got control of herself, she quickly pulled down her sweatpants; almost as soon as she squatted over the small potty her body gave in, pee spraying out rapidly. The stream was thick, hitting the plastic potty loudly and while the mother was embarrassed and felt her cheeks grow warm, she couldn’t deny the relief she was feeling.

Unlike her mother, however, Roberta was having trouble. Although she had gotten into the bathroom first, as she pulled down her zipper, it got caught. Her pants, tight enough to show off her firm ass, clung to her so tightly she wasn’t able to just pull them over her hips. Squirming in front of the toilet, Roberta struggled to get her jeans unzipped. With her thighs pressed together, she groaned and whined while tugging on the stuck zip. Despite how tense she was, more and more pee was beginning to leak out of her, dampening her panties further and trailing down the insides of her pants legs and staining the denim a darker blue.

“N-no!” Gasping, the dark skinned girl tried and failed to stem the steady flow of pee. Finally giving in, she turned around and sat herself on the toilet with her pants still up. Her muscles gave way and pee gushed through the material, warming her bottom as pee spread through the rest of her jeans. “Ugh!! This is all your fault!” Her voice was strained from exhaustion but at least she could finally relax. As her stream trickled down to nothing, she stood from the toilet and inspected the damage. Looking in the mirror, the entire back of her jeans were wet with piss, the insides of the legs were darkened, and even in the front there was a wet patch on her crotch. Ugh, Federline was never allowed to find out about this…

