A Wet Future

Author: krayzeeguy

*000*2013-04-21 21:44

I've been lurking around here for a while, and recently noticed that more active measures have been taken to try and make lurkers become assets to the community, so to start off, I've written the first post of a fiction story I hope piques some interest as well as other things. Writing is something I've passionately been doing for halfway to a decade now, so feel free to leave commentary, all discussion (and desires) are appreciated and welcomed. I've left a .doc for anyone who wants to keep this around if it dies out.

A Wet Future ~Rushed Traffic~

"I hate this stupid thing!" A young woman's voice spat from her bedroom, the sound of plastic hitting a wooden floor soon followed, "It never wakes me up when I tell it to!"

The door to her room was opened by her mother, "Excuses, young lady," she said to the upset brunette, "Now get yourself up and out the door before the next Mag-Train goes without you. I refuse to give home to a daughter who can't manage the start of her career, honestly."

"Yes mother," she sighed, lifting her cozy sheets off her light body, her undersuit stuck tightly to her form, its hexagonal pattern across every curve, its pure white sheen shown in the gentle sunlight, it was snug against her rear as she got up, she pulled it back down and rushed to her closet where she had set her formal wear for her second day on the job. She turned to run to the bathroom to get herself ready when her mother stopped her.

"Jessica Hiten, you have five minutes to get from here to the station before the last train goes that will arrive before you are late. Just run through the Refresher and get out that door."

Jessica groaned and rushed to put things on, her nipples still slightly erect from her admittedly wonderful sleep, she put on her shirt, long skirt, blazer, and grabbed her favorite ring from the hall dresser before running through the Refresher. Like a zap of electricity, her body tensed just for an instant as the Refresher woke her up, sprayed her with a generic purpose deodorizer, and recharged her undersuit in no time, the undersuit quickly tightening her chest and hiding her protruding points as a bra would.

"Good Morning Jessica," a metallic, feminine voice echoed in her head, R0M-23 was her designated suit AI, and it was either hit or miss with how Jessica got along with it. Jessica grabbed her briefcase and put on her shoes she left at the front door after last night's work and bolted outside, the solid stone maintained as always, the nanobot sprays every week made sure things were up to code.

"Not now Rom," she replied, "I woke up late again." The sound of her heels clacked against the concrete, the large Mag-Station sign flashed a couple blocks ahead of her.

"This would not be a problem, if you would just remember to refresh me before bed, I would wake you up on time."

"Well maybe next time you can schedule a reminder for me to do so before you go to sleep mode then." Jessica retorted, her rush halted by a red pedestrian light.

"I do," Rom quietly stated as it combed her daily bio evaluation of Jessica, "Jessica, how late did you wake up?"

"You woke up a couple minutes after I did, and here we are." Jessica replied back mentally, her arms flopped at her sides as she paced the crosswalk point. Albeit flying vehicles were created, many people still opted for land travel for their own comfort and personal fears.

"I'm detecting increased stress levels from your sacral nerves. Is something the matter?"

"No, I just wanted to use the bathroom before I left because of the late night project I was finishing for the presentation today. I drank way too much coffee last night..." The admitted awareness of her bladder caused her to gently tighten her legs together, "But I'm fine, I'll be on the Mag-Train and then up the elevator and on my floor in no time once I clock in."

"Acceptable." Rom replied, as the crosswalk allowed for her to continue, she sped to the station among others of the late crowd, in the large scheme of things it were best described as ants filing themselves into their own little holes.

The large majestic lightshow of a sign flashed red, indicating the train would be leaving in less than a minute. Jessica clacked her heels against the concrete through the terminal doors and up the stairs, she nearly tripped, but Rom stimulated her arm to catch the railguard at the center. "You do need to be more careful." It reminded.

"Care is for those who wake up on time, Rom." Jessica sighed as she got herself up back to a stand and ran to the train. Which closed merely seconds after she went in.

"Ten seconds to launch, please find a comfortable spot to sit or a place to stand and brace for launch." The terminal announcer said, the generic male voice for any train anywhere.

Jessica looked around as she held her briefcase with one hand, every seat was taken, but it could be worse, she could have missed this. She grabbed one of the rails and held tight.

With a loud and deep resonating boom, the train launched to a fifty mile start in no time, Jessica's small need however, was mildly magnified with the sudden shift in direction, and her legs tightened again, this time more visibly, but not many people could stand during a launch and not need to brace.

"Two stops to Nuevo Grace." The announcer said, Nuevo Grace was her stop, the final stop on this speeding bullet.

Again, from a solid 50-60 miles per hour to zero in less than half a second, the train stopped and Jessica braced once more. The shuffle of feet commenced as people got on and off, and all secretly rushed for the chairs that Jessica wanted. But her with late becoming a recurring theme, got none.

"Ten seconds to launch..." Jessica dulled the voice out of her head with her own thoughts of how the presentation today was going to go, and how for such an early start she is enjoying the limelight on how her idea might help amplify the company's projections for this quarter. Maybe--

The train launched again and Jessica more visibly buckled this time, her bladder was filling still from her digestive system speeding back up to full steam again, there was apparently still coffee in there and she didn't like it.

"One stop to Nuevo Grace."

Once more unto the closed breach, as the contents of her bladder pressed against her walls at the stop of the train again.

"Jessica, are you sure you will be alright? The stress is now at both your sacral and lumbar sections.--"

"Yes Rom, I'll be fine." Jessica interrupted, as a seat cleared from the commotion that she could actually grab. She placed her small rectangular briefcase on her lap and held it in preparation for the next launch to her station.

"Jessica?"

"Yes Rom?"

"I'm detecting other stimuli as well--"

"Initiate Privacy Mode." Jessica interrupted mentally again, and Rom's voice silenced. She looked down at herself for a bit, she couldn't see her bulge, but she could feel it, she pressed her briefcase against herself as she held it tightly for the launch.

This was going to be a long day.

~=~=~=~=~=

I didn't want to give everything away in the first part, my favorite thing to do is write suspense in my fiction, but we'll see how suspenseful things get.

A Wet Future 1.doc

*003*2013-04-22 01:52

Today's a slow day, so before things get crazy this week for me I figured I'd give the next section, .doc included as before I hope this will make up for anything if I drop off the radar this week.

A Wet Future ~Meeting Anticipation~

Jessica tapped her finger on the top of her briefcase as she waited for her elevator. Big time companies eventually couldn't get new offices without the obnoxious integration of new buildings into their network. So they just built up what they already had, making skyscrapers into atmoscrapers, catchy and tall in one go.

Because of how tall these atmoscrapers were, they changed the elevators so that the down designated elevator and up designated elevator alternated with one another, and fortunately for Jessica she caught the up elevator just in time, she did not want to stand much longer with her bladder in its current state. Several other people joined the elevator with her on the first floor, other lategoers she assumed. To her dismay, every single person who came in had to do something on a different floor, and with her office being on floor 147, this could take a while.

She sighed, her mind not distracted enough from her issues by the faint repetitive elevator music, the twinge in her bladder not going away, "End Privacy Mode," she grudgingly thought, and then continued, "Listen, Rom, can you find me something to keep my mind busy?"

"Yes, Jessica," Rom replied, "But my sensors are really picking up you should stop your attempts and perhaps get off on an earlier floor? I can link to the map database here and direct you to the closest facility."

The elevator door opened and closed as people got off, not too many getting on, the conversation with her AI at least was something rather than reality where her bladder burned for release soon.

"No, no I'll make it, just please, music, something, news..." Her mind trailed as she looked around to grab herself while no one paid any attention to her.

"...Understood." Rom replied, turning Jessica's internal transmitter to a newstation.

"--And with that another planet has fallen, the Sysys really show no sign of regression back to their dormant state. 'You know it's a damn shame that our government's lackeys can't find out what causes these things to tick, yes they're purely mechanical in nature, but there has to be something we can do...'" And lo, Jessica thought.

"The world was much more exciting out there and here I am, holding a small briefcases while wars and discoveries are to be fought and found..." She looked up, still fifty floors to go, at least seven stops if hopefully no one else presses a button.

The news paused with a brief thematic interlude, "This is IUN bringing the latest report in from the disaster on planet GH1214b: 'Yes, Marta here, in the background I have one of the hundreds of holes caused by this strange unknown substance that crashed on the planet today," Jessica's legs tightened slightly, she heard the sounds of running water in the background, "This water delivery planet, meant for using water to terraform normally inhospitable planets, has been practically shut down from the amount of damage the plant has received. We tune in now with a factory worker at the scene." The sounds of rushing water got louder as the worker talked, to the point where Jessica could only hear the free flow blast of water crisp and clear.

A small spurt, "R-rom, off now, turn it off!" Jessica thought to herself, feeling liquid dribble down her leg, the fabric of her undersuit did not absorb anything at all.

"Jessica?"

Her undersuit spasmed at her pubic area slightly, it detected she wanted to go now, but her continued pee holding caused the material to not know if it should open a hole or not. Jessica managed to control herself.

The door opened, and Jessica burst out the door ahead of others, attempting to walk as quick and straight as possible, "Rom, bathroom, now." She ordered.

"Yes right, it should be down to the right at the end of this corridor, you can't miss it."

Jessica continued her adamant walk down the hallway, knowing full well that if she stopped or changed anything she wasn't sure if she could maintain her posture.

That was until a door opened up in front of her path, revealing her boss Chris, she panicked in her mind, but her fear for her own job and respect for the young forward thinker caused her body to freeze up, against her bladder's will which just desired to let go as soon as possible.

Chris noticed her, "Oh, hey Jessica! I was just about to go upstairs to get you myself, got the e-mail then?"

"N-no," Jessica stammered before calming her voice, "I got off here to print off some deliverables for the next project since the toner on my floor is out again." A smooth lie, but usually it's true, her floor was not too kept.

"I keep telling Will to keep some around for some of us office workers to just put in ourselves... Oh well. Well listen, an investor apparently is here who is interested in your current projections, so I moved the meeting to now since he has a flight relatively soon off this planet. You're prepared right now right?"

Jessica's mind screamed no, but her mouth said, "Yes." And she nodded, her bladder knocking at the door as she went into the meeting room, an older face there to greet her.

"Ah, hello," the older woman said, at least in her seventies, "My you're young for the business aren't you? I can't say I'm surprised though, I was a go-getter at your age, too."

Her smile was genuine, and her temperament kind, Jessica wished she could have met this woman in a better predicament, "Why start later?" She jested, the friendly atmosphere helping to keep her bladder at bay. Her mind hoped that another desperation wave would not hit her again as she opened her small briefcase, in it, a tablet that already hooked up to the main projector. She scanned her thumb on it, and proceeded into her presentation.

"As you can see," Jessica pointed to her graph, "The finance documents show that we're clearly in the gray, and while that's the case for a lot of Fortune Five-Thousand companies, let me show you how this is different for us." She turned her body partially to the screen, the bending and stretching of her legs felt good as it alleviated her rising need, "These numbers here not only forecast that we will stay in the gray, but," She pulled up other documents to hover in the slide, "If we follow this strategy," she turned around to gently pace again, "that I have outlined, our numbers will increase exponentially in this upcoming quarter."

She leaned onto the podium to gather her audience's response, and for reasons more apparent to us.

"That's unheard of! Your math must be flawed." One of the other higher-ups said, "There's no way the market has given way to us that easily!"

"The market has, and we must take it, there are at least five galaxies that are open ground for our product, if we don't jump on this, our competitors will." Jessica replied, wishing there was a way to sneakily grab her crotch at a podium, but there wasn't, she paused, this meeting would be going on too long if she didn't word things carefully, "I can give you full confidential documentation, whatever trade secrets we have redacted of course, just so you can have your own number crunchers do the math. But this is solid, and this will take us to the top." By now she had pressed her groin against the wall of the podium on her end, anything to not raise suspicion, she felt the mild humidity between her legs from her spurt, and... She felt something more honeyed too, but she snapped out of those thoughts when the older woman brought up a point.

"If your math is so sound, prove it here and now." She smirked, she was curious as to how this young lady did it.

Jessica withheld a sigh, "Well said," she said aloud, completely contrary to what she thought.

The numbers on her board were not the only numbers on the rise in Rom's databanks.

*007*2013-04-22 22:32

I'm procrastinating my assignment today, so you guys get another lucky treat. I also want to apologize, I did not realize that quick responses could not attach files, and I can't edit my previous posts yet, so part 2 will be included in part 3.

A Wet Future ~Breaching Point~

The meeting grew to the point where Jessica had said her piece and everyone talked with one another, she took this opportunity to squeeze herself behind the podium to relieve the heavy desperation she was in right now. The meeting had lasted no less than thirty minutes and those were more lifetimes than she anticipated to have waited to pee.

"Alright Ms. Hiten," one of the higher-up voices ended on, "You have our interest, we'll take copies of your documents and see to it that this strategy gets through."

Jessica beamed, her pride on her face clean of her inner turmoil, "Thank you sir, I'll be sure to continuously update the documents as new information comes through, she bent to bow and unexpectedly another small squirt came out between her legs, her undersuit spasmed between opening and closing again as quickly she bent back up, her legs twisted tightly together behind the podium. She barely could keep a straight face.

"Well then," the old woman said, "This was an exciting meeting and I do look forward to investing in this company, you have a wonderful workforce." She got up and her eyes were locked on Jessica and Jessica knew the intent, a proper handshake and congratulations before setting off.

"Rom..." Jessica begged, "I'm not sure if I can move without breaking soon..." Her own inner thoughts were twisted with her lustful wishes.

"I'll give what aid I can." Rom said, the undersuit tightened to apply and relieve pressure where needed, Jessica felt the new wave of desperation fade out, but the burning need continued as her undersuit felt mildly slick against her,

Jessica came to attention again as she shut her briefcase and held it at waist-level in front of her, in hopes that if there were a wet spot (God willing otherwise) it would be concealed, the position her arms were in helped her to also guide her undersuit where pressure was most needed, Rom was very attentive.

"I do my best." Jessica said, shaking the older woman's hand.

"That shows indeed, now then." She looked to her business compatriots, "Let's get to the space elevator gentlemen." She gathered her things and left with her peers, the group headed out to the Inter-Spatial Travel Point located North of the city. It was a long trip if it weren't for the immaculate infrastructure of the city.

Chris clapped, "Bravo," he couldn't believe how well that went off, that was one of the biggest investors to ever walk into this building, "I can't believe you managed to do it." Before Jessica could react, he wrapped his arms around her and hugged her, a bit unprofessional, but his pride in his gambit of a girl-for-hire was too strong.

Unfortunately, Jessica's bladder wasn't as strong for the sudden onset of full pressure, Rom did not anticipate the hug and too much pressure hit a sensitive point on Jessica, a longer much more powerful spurt came out, Jessica's eyes widened as she shook slightly, one arm around Chris she patted him on the back to distract him from her sudden movements. A couple spurts more and she managed to stop the flow, there had to be a wet spot now, she could feel it on her skirt. She kept the briefcase where it was.

"I-it's nothing," Jessica quickly put off, "If you'll excuse me though, I need to prepare for my next meeting."

Chris nodded and waved her off happily and unaware as she quickly dashed out of the room, a very obvious wet spot now on the front of her tan skirt.

"Ohgodohgodohgod..." Jessica thought to herself, buckling her knees and clutching her swollen bladder the moment she got out of sight down the hall, the bathroom door was right in front of her, she just had to go in and finally feel sweet relief.

The gentle blue flooring where she stood turned a solid crimson red, Jessica knew immediately what that meant and sobbed quietly, this section of the floor is about to be swept and all personnel needed to clear out for the next ten to fifteen minutes.

These were moments Jessica couldn't afford, she tried to open the bathroom door, but since no one was inside it had already locked.

"Nooooo...." Jessica desperately moaned to herself as her legs buckled again, this time, both her hands were tightly on her crotch, her briefcase dangled between them.

Rom piped in, "Jessica, if you hurry, there is an elevator about to hit this floor, if get to the elevator hall in time, you can catch it to another floor."

"I can barely move Rom..." Jessica replied, "It's so close to bursting out..." There was still that lingering thought in Jessica that wanted this, her undersuit by this point had been keeping a small hole open for her to pee as her legs bounced together.

Rom sealed the hole again, "I'm doing what I can." Rom stated, "You can make it if I expend some of my internal battery to stimulate your nerves. Be aware though that I might not have enough battery to lead you to the bathroom on another floor."

"Okay..." Jessica said, mustering what she could to stand like a lady again.

A quick jolt from her spine and Jessica felt a reaffirming of her legs and bladder, the shock was stronger than she expected as it tingled everything around her waist, she let out a small moan before stifling herself, someone see her any minute and that would spell trouble. She quickly shuffled down the hall, her briefcase still in front of her drying crotch as she turned the corner and pressed the elevator button, Rom was right, the up elevator opened and was thankfully empty.

She stepped in and quickly pressed a floor, any floor above this one, she could feel her bladder reawakening and the ocean within her conjuring its turmoil once more.

"Are you there Rom...?" She thought to herself.

"Yes... What do you need...?"

"I'm ah..." She clutched her groin again, the dam becoming loose, "On floor 98, where's the bathroom?"

"It's..." Rom's voice was quiet in her mind, she could feel the modifications Rom made to her suit beginning to loosen, her relief hole opened once more from the lack of manual override.

"Rom don't do this to me..." Jessica desperately said to herself in a whisper, the door to the floor opened and she sped out, her hands clamped to her crotch without her realizing it.

"Left..." Faded into her mind as she darted left, this was a storage floor so fortunately the only workers were in closed offices from the products they had to deliver to other floors.

Rom's modification to Jessica's upper body became undone as well, this desperate experience has had her nipples very erect, and were almost clearly pointed through her shirt under her blazer, they bounced with less restraint as Jessica attempted to not attract attention to herself. Her heels clacked with every move.

"No, no!" She mentally yelled to herself, her legs tight together, the bathroom was ahead of her. She saw it, her goal, ahead of her, she got herself to a stand again and forced to get her knees to unbuckle.

Spurts were starting to come out once more, her skirt became more decorated with coffee from yesterday. She opened the door, leaving an apparent golden trail behind her, dropped her briefcase to open a stall.

It was occcupied. She closed her eyes tightly as she couldn't contain the flow any more, and she fell to her knees, the sounds of her pee splashed onto her skirt and pooled on the tiled floor.

###

And that's the story of Jessica. I'm a fan of writing magical fantasy and dystopic future sci-fi, so expect to see one or the other in my future submissions! As always comments are appreciated and desired!

A Wet Future 3.doc

*011*2013-04-23 14:39

{{: 

Wow, excellent writing! I really love this story being in a future world. I am wondering what Jessica's next steps are...?

}}

We'll see if she gets another spotlight here in the fiction section, but for now I've been contemplating another story that I hope attracts as much attention as this one does. These short stories (albeit scandalous) are great warm ups to make sure I don't get rusty.

*014*2013-04-29 08:11

Yeah, the ending was rather fast, but I enjoy letting some tail ends of the story go to the imagination.

Also, as said before. I am considering a sequel.

