Visitor (Interactive)

Author: Sunflower

*000*2014-06-19 22:40

Welcome to:

A (poorly) illustrated interactive adventure game! I've thought about doing something like this for a while, and it seems like interactive stories are becoming more and more of a thing here, and with Summer here, I decided to just go ahead and do it!

You all know how these work. As the plot moves along, you'll be presented with a series of choices, and the decisions you make affect how things turn out. Where this story ultimately goes is totally up to you! But of course, whatever path you choose, desperation/wetting will always rear its head.

* * * * *

It's warm out today, and the sky is clearer and bluer than it's been in a while. You're happy to have the week off. Another day cooped up in that dark, poorly-ventilated, god-awful office and you might have just jumped out the window and pancaked on 97th Street.

You stroll down shady, tree-lined 45th Avenue, flanked by fancy boutiques selling fine furniture, fruity flatware, blouses and bikinis in the latest fashion, and a hundred other things you could never afford on an accountant's salary. Not that you're too interested in any of that stuff anyway, but it's fun to window shop.

With a slow, relaxed gait, you make your way south along 45th, down to Miltonberg Central Park. One last pedestrian crossing, and you're not in the city anymore; you're on an island of foliage and open fields in a choppy concrete sea, eight blocks long and five blocks wide, that none of the numbered streets can penetrate. It's a beautiful morning, and you're surprised how few people are around. Usually, the park would be busy this time of day, whatever the weather was like. Then, you remember there's a lot going on today: a match at the stadium, a parade down Center Street. . . And most of the park's wealthier visitors are probably out of town this time of the year.

Lovely! You don't mind how empty the place is. Frankly, the quieter, the better.

You find a bench and sit down to rest for a minute. You haven't given much thought to what you're going to do here. Will you just walk around or what?

There are a few things you've got with you. You decide to make a little inventory:

You have:

- 1 Bottle of Water -1 Flashlight -1 Wallet ($45.00 and a Debit Card)

- 1 Hard Candy -1 Stick of Gum (Sardine Paste/Mango)

- 1 Cell Phone -1 Pen -1 Lucky Key

- 1 Fleece Blanket

Not much you can do with any of this really. It occurs to you that you should have brought a book or a magazine. And why do you even have a flashlight? Maybe you could just lay the blanket down somewhere and take a nap. You haven't been getting enough sleep lately.

As you're about to get up, something catches your eye, something shiny, like a little fleck of glitter in the sky.

"An airplane?" you say to yourself, but you quickly discount this possibility. The thing zigzags around, zipping along one way, coming to a sudden stop, and darting off in some other direction, as though it were looking for something.

Before you know it, it's coming your way, and it doesn't look like it's going to stop.

Naturally, you're a little afraid, but your curiosity overcomes your self-preservation instincts, and you stand firm as the thing draws closer.

It was only a silver fleck from a distance, but now you can see a ring of red lights, and a dome glowing a faint yellow, and you can make out a shape -- some sort of raised disk. . .

"A flying saucer. . ."

The strange craft halts abruptly about a hundred feet above a fountain. For a moment, it stays there, spinning and hovering, as if deciding on what it wants to do next. Then, with a smooth, easy motion, the saucer descends as it glides over to a nearby plaza. Not wanting to lose sight of it, you give chase. Luckily, it isn't moving very fast, and you can keep up with it easily.

At last settling on a landing spot, the craft sprouts three silver legs as it gently touches down on the stones of the plaza. A slit appears on the thing's shiny, seamless exterior, widening until it's just large enough for a person to pass through. A ramp emerges, seemingly from nowhere, and offers a path between the entryway and the ground.

You try to peek into the craft, but it's too dark inside to see anything from where you are. All you can see in the doorway is an ominous green glow.

Wait! Did something move in there?

You thought it might have just been a trick of the eye. But when you start to hear a quiet, melodic "tap, tap, tap," you're sure you weren't mistaken.

Suddenly, a loud, piercing tone emanates from the vessel, assaulting your ears and almost causing you to black out. Thankfully, you manage to remain conscious as the sound tapers off. As a pigeon plummets from the sky, smacking headfirst into the craft's hull, you realize not everyone might have been so lucky. You wonder if it's dead.

Momentarily diverting your attention from the offending UFO, you notice in the distance that none all the cars on the adjacent streets have stopped. . . You wonder if the drivers. . .

The rhythmic "tap, tap, tap" snaps your focus right back on finding out who, or what, might be responsible for what has just happened. Heart racing, still trembling from the aftereffects of the tone, you take a few hesitant steps forward.

Something's there.

Standing in the doorway of the craft, now illuminated by the Sun but wreathed from behind by the craft's green glow, is:

A) a buxom alien babe

B) a handsome alien hunk

C) a cute and cuddly critter

D) an ineffectual invader

E) all of the above

F) none of the above (Please specify, preferably using alliteration ____ )

EDIT: If you are selecting one of the main options, please give some details about what you want them to look like. For instance, if you select C, say if you want the critter fuzzy or pink or something like that. Thank you!

*008*2014-06-21 04:59

You can't move a muscle. You're not sure if it's fear or something else, but your body isn't listening to your brain anymore. All you can do is watch as the being comes forward, one long, slow step at a time. It moves soundlessly, gazing at you intently with its big, green eyes, a look of determination written across its face.

In spite of your fear, you're can't help but notice how remarkably human it looks. You might almost think it was a person in movie makeup, if not for the fact that it just emerged from a flying saucer. For a moment, you consider the possibility that this is all just some elaborate prank. Maybe the "UFO" is just a spray-painted cardboard prop. Maybe the "alien" is just a person in a costume. Maybe it's one of those candid-camera shows. Maybe you're on TV right now! Maybe the dead pigeon was dropped from a helicopter. . .

You notice the thing's long, thin, scaly tail; it flicks and wiggles and curls like a cat's, sounding a bit like a rattle snake all the while. No way that tail is fake. It couldn't be animatronic. The UFO couldn't be cardboard. And making a tone as loud and ear-splitting as the one you just heard in a public space has to be illegal.

What is going on?

The thing now stands about twenty feet (six meters) in front of you. For the first time, you notice it has something in its hand.

It's got a gun.

At least, you assume it's a gun. You're not actually too sure. If it's a weapon of any kind, it's not like any you've seen before in real life. You try to calm yourself. It could just be a Day the Earth Stood Still deal. A visitor from another world surely wouldn't kill the first person it sees, would it?

Would it?

For a moment, it seems to be fixed in place, looking over you -- appraising you. Then, with a slow, drawn-out motion, it turns around, looking back at you with the same determined expression and gesturing for you to follow it. (Or is it gesturing you to go away? Or is that a rude gesture in its culture?) You decide to do what you think it's probably telling you to do.

As it ascends the ramp and enters its craft, you hesitate. Is it okay for you to just board a flying saucer like this? When the thing turns around and gestures to you again, you feel reassured, but you're still a little nervous as you pass through the formerly non-existent doorway.

The moment you're in, you hear a whoosh as the opening closes behind you. Before you have a chance to assess your surroundings, you find yourself enveloped in a column of pulsating red rings that obscure your view with their bright light. As you try to figure out what's happening, you hear a flat, feminine voice.

"How do you feel?"

Without thinking, you stammer out, "G-good."

You can make out the thing's shape between the rings. As far as you can tell, it's face couldn't be more than a foot from your own.

"You shouldn't be standing right now. The frequencies you just heard were supposed to render all vertebrates in a certain radius unconscious. You were so close, yet you seem perfectly fine."

Inwardly, you breath a sigh of relief. No one's dead, at least if your captor is to be believed.

". . . You looked a little worried just now. Please, don't be. I'm not going to hurt you. In fact, it's lucky for me that you stayed conscious. There are a few things I might need your help with."

Help? This creature's just knocked out everyone in the city for all you know, and it needs your help with something?

Before moving on to the most obvious question, you decide to ask about something more immediately pressing.

"What are these rings around me?"

"They're a sort of translator. They download a language from one being and upload it to another. I'm learning English as we speak. . . Unfortunately, this machine can only be used for languages. It's against regulations to download any other form of knowledge. If I could, I wouldn't need you to help me."

You nod, finally deciding to ask:

"And, what do you need my help with? What are you here for?"

The alien is silent for a moment, but, with what sounds to you like a hesitant voice, it at last tells you that it's here for:

A) exploration ("No one's visited the Earth before. I was sent by my superiors to check it out.")

B) vacation ("I've got some time off, and the Earth looked like it might be a fun place to go.")

C) a rescue mission ("One of my comrades crash landed on Earth long ago. I'm here to find her.")

D) conquest ("Earth is a mineral-rich planet and humans are delicious and nutritious.")

E) the LOLZ ("U TAUHT I CAM HR 4 REZUN??")

F) none of the above (Please specify ___ )

*019*2014-07-08 05:24

Visitor: Part 3

"I won't give you the details of my mission now, but I will say that what is need is your familiarity with this star system. See, I came into this region of space blind. This is uncharted territory. . . I wasn't supposed to make first contact with the locals, but. . . You won't tell anyone on your home planet about this, will you?"

Before you have a chance to reply, she continues: "Not that anyone would believe you anyway, unless. . . How credulous is your species?"

Once again, she leaves you no time to answer. "Well, we should be going now. The sensors say she isn't here."

"Who isn't here, and where are we going?"

"I'll explain in a minute."

Her form disappears from your line of sight. A moment later, the red rings around you are gone, and you can finally get a good look at the craft's interior. It's not as cold and utilitarian as you'd expected. There are even bundles of vines hanging down from the upper levels -- remarkably Earthly, you think to yourself. They look like some exotic plant you might see in your city's botanical gardens.

There's something a little off about them though. You don't feel any draft in here, but you could swear the vines are gently swaying, as if in an air current.

You turn and focus your attention on the alien, now sitting with her back to you in a plush-looking purple swivel chair. You see what looks like a map of the solar system on the main screen.

Curious, you walk towards the command console, keeping your eyes on the plant all the while. It doesn't look like it's moving anymore. . . Maybe it was just your imagination.

What beautiful flowers! you think. Bright red, each with three thick, closely packed petals. For the first time since coming on board, you feel at ease. Then, one flower in particular catches your eye, and for a disconcerting reason.

It's grinning at you.

Craggly, porcelain teeth seem to glow in the ship's diffuse light. No denying it now -- this isn't a normal plant. As the smiling flower drifts toward you, clattering its teeth menacingly, more and more join it, revealing their dentition to show just how happy they are to see you.

"No! Qupiti!" the alien shouts, turning her head and casting the thing a stern look, "No humanoids!"

The vines slump down, quivering in shame.

"He must be hungry. I don't think he'd like human meat though."

Almost getting eaten alive by a semi-sentient, carnivorous plant makes you think of your cat. Will she be alright while you're gone? . . .

Without a sound, the alien swings around in her chair to face you. "Now, first off, we'll be checking out the planet you call Mars."

She snaps her fingers, and with a soft ka-chunk! you hear the craft's propulsion system starting up. As its gentle hum grows louder, your intuition tells you you're already travelling very fast, though you didn't feel any acceleration.

You hear an irregular whirring behind you. Fearing the vines, you make a quick glance over your shoulder. A glowing, amber-colored cylinder is rising out of the craft's center light. Waving her hand, the alien invites you to have a seat.

Hesitantly, you set your bottom down on the thing; it has an almost gel-like consistency.

Seated across from one another, you and the alien pass a few moments in silence. She's gazing at you intently, finally having time to take in your appearance, an opportunity you share. It really is amazing how human she looks. . .

You notice her body swaying slightly, and her eyelids fluttering. Is she tired? Sick? Or is that just what she does while thinking? All of a sudden, her eyes snap wide open, her posture straightens, and she gives you a little smile.

"It'll be a couple hours till we reach Mars. In the meantime, let me tell you what I'm here about.

"You don't need to know all the details, but I'm what you might call a 'peacekeeper,' or 'police officer,' or 'cop' . . . Your language has many words that approximate what I am, but none of them are really exact." She grins, concluding with a hint of pride in her voice, "I capture the bad guys, basically.

"There's someone I'm after, someone I've been after for a long time. . . She used to be a colleague of mine, actually. For years, we used to travel together in this very ship. We were a team, you might say. . . But something happened. An incident. . . She did something unforgivable in our society. She was put away, but she escaped into open space. The Central Justice Computer ordered me of all people to go after her and bring her back. . . which I guess makes sense. I knew her better than anybody. . .

"So, that's why I'm here. The latest intelligence suggests that she's hiding out in this star system. I don't know what planet she's on. Honestly, I don't even know if she's still in the area. But, I have to be thorough in my search to make sure."

You have a few questions you'd like answered. First off:

"What did she do?"

This is the first time you've seen the alien look annoyed. "I won't tell you now," she says curtly, "All you need to know is that she broke one of our laws and that she must be punished for it."

Unsatisfied, but not wanting to press further, you ask, "How much of the solar system have you gone over so far?"

She shakes her head. "Not much. I've visited all the lifeless bodies -- Mercury, Pluto, some of the moons. . . Places like those are usually where outlaws hide -- "

Lifeless bodies?

" -- Failing to find her in any of those places, I checked Earth. She always liked blue, watery planets. . . But, looking at your level of civilization, I doubt she would hide there. Your people are sophisticated enough to detect the technology she'd need to survive in the Earth's environment, and detection is the last thing she wants."

". . . So. . ." you stammer, ". . . You said something about visiting 'all the lifeless bodies' . . . And now we're going to Mars."

The alien looks at you quizically. ". . . Yes."

"So. . . Mars has life?"

For what feels like a long time, the alien just sits there, staring at you blankly.

". . . Your species isn't aware of life on the other planets in its system? Have you ever even been to another planet?"

You shake your head. It's too late for you to lie now.

With a slow, deliberate motion, the alien stands up. ". . . It was a mistake bringing you on board. I should have known you wouldn't be able to help me. I've violated protocol for nothing. . . I'm sorry I have to do this, but it's the only option."

Shit.

She means it this time, doesn't she? Yes, you can see it in her eyes. No pity. No remorse. No remotely relatable human emotion. All she is is a cold-blooded killer.

All of a sudden, she starts laughing, more than you think is appropriate for someone who's just threatened to take your life.

Setting her weapon down on the console and flopping back down onto the swivel chair, she chuckles, "Did you think I was really going to hurt you? You humans need to evolve a sense of humor! Of course I wouldn't kill you. At worst, I'd just drop you back down on Earth. But I think I'd like to keep you around anyway, even if you don't know your own solar system. You might still be useful to me somehow. . . And I think I'd like the company."

She smiles warmly at you. You're struck by her sudden change from businesslike to friendly. Maybe her species is just like that, or maybe pointing a gun at you "broke the ice" in her mind. Whatever the case may be, you're happy you can tag along; you'll be the first human being to ever visit other planets, and planets with alien life on them no less. Still, you wish everything hadn't happened so suddenly. Some more time to prepare would have been nice. . .

A question suddenly springs to mind: "Do you have a name?"

Keeping her big, green eyes fixed on you, she replies, "Yes, I have a name. Would you like me to tell you what it is?"

You nod.

"In my society, an individual is identified by their tribe name and their number. The number is a sort of serial ID. It has information about your job, your social status. . . My tribe name is A'i, and my number is 02659336."

You nod again. "Would you mind if I just call you A'i?"

"That's fine. There are no other A'is in a twenty light-year radius from here." A'i shifts a little in her seat. "You asked me if I had a name, so you must have one yourself, right? . . . What are you called?"

You tell A'i your name. She grimaces.

"That's hard to pronounce. Can I just call you Human?"

You shrug. "Sure."

A'i clasps her hands together and smiles. "I think we'll get along well, Human!"

You certainly hope so. . .

The two of you sit together for a while talking. You tell her about Earth, about the plants and animals, about the cities and countries. She explains the workings of her craft, though you can't follow most of her explanations:

". . . But that's just for interplanetary travel. If we need to go between stars, we use the supraspace compression drive. Basically, if you think of space as as a sort of spongy material and energy as the water absorbed in it, then if you squeeze the spongey stuff hard enough. . ."

You can't help but notice how tired she seems. She keeps nodding off mid-sentence. Is she getting bored by her own lecture?

Eventually, she finishes explaining her craft's propulsion systems and asks you to tell her more about your cat. Happy to oblige, you begin a story about how Boxxy earned her name by showing great skill and determination climbing into cardboard boxes as a kitten. A'i is silent, only giving a drowsy nod every once in a while to show you that she's listening.

". . . So, it seemed pretty clear what I should name her at that point," you conclude. No reply.

It seems A'i feel asleep during your story. She looks so peaceful. . .

After a moment's thought, you decide to:

A) try to wake her up

B) explore the ship

C) attempt to pilot the ship (If so, where?)

D) take her gun

E) cuddle up to her (you creep)

F) use an item (Inventory below)

G) all/some of the above

H) none of the above (Please specify ___ )

Inventory

Thank you for your patience! I'll generally try to update weekly from now on. The last couple weeks have just gone by surprisingly fast! I think I have a general idea of where the story's going now, so the writing should go faster.

EDIT: Just noticed a typo I'd missed!


