Sisterhood of Blood - Page 8

Author: frostyjr2

*177*2013-09-16 04:15

Another weekend over and done with, another episode of SoB posted, and past 8K views here. YAY !

Thanks to all who took the time to read the latest chapter, and to orango and wettingman, special thanks...

I really do appreciate you both always taking the time to leave a comment, it means the world to me.

I do owe you all an apology, however... despite all of my careful proofreading and editing, an error slipped by me.

The events in this latest chapter actually took place in 1996, and are simultaneous with those of Pt. 16

FOR THE DEAD TRAVEL FAST, although they are told from the other side this time, hence the title

THROUGH THE LOOKING GLASS for this one.

But all of you smart cookies already knew that, didn't you ?

*180*2013-09-18 13:03

{{: 

Cool story love it frostyjr2!

}}

Thanks for taking the time to check it out, and to leave me a comment !

*181*2013-09-20 12:40

HAPPY FRIDAY ! It's the most wonderful day of the week for me, since i get to share another chapter of my little vampire story with you all. i really hope you enjoy this one; if you do, please take the time to write a line or two. i'd love to hear from you, so please don't be shy...

Unlike my characters, i don't bite ! (well, not usually anyhow)

In any case, here, for your entertainment, the latest installment of SoB...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 20)

FACEOFF

Porte de Vanves, Paris 1996

(soundtrack: Stolen Moments, performed by Lee Ritenour)

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glEmMjnr9oM

Still wearing the same clothes she had peed in, Vicky collapsed onto the dirty mattress on the floor of her room. She was totally drained by both her holding effort and the emotions she had experienced during the train trip back to Paris, but a spark of hope now burned brightly in her heart.

Her brother and sister had finally found her!

For a while, she feared that they had given up the search for her, abandoning all expectation of ever seeing their faces again. She tried to get used to the notion that Judith and Kris were her only family now; as cruel and sadistic as they were, that was a hard pill to swallow and the thought of spending eternity like this was just too grim to contemplate. She had thought about killing herself many times over since she had been turned, but two things had always stopped her.

First, her 'sisters' kept a close watch on her and made sure she lacked the means, and secondly… she was already undead.

Can a vampire actually commit suicide, she wondered?

She had attempted it, once. She had stolen into the kitchen when no one was looking and quickly ingested a huge amount of garlic powder.

The only result of that had been a severely upset stomach for a couple of days, and every time she burped, she had emitted a miasmic cloud of garlic breath as Kris laughed, mocking her misery.

What came out of the other end was even worse… but she preferred not to think about that.

Instead, she thought about sweet Erica, and what Erica had made her feel at the Petit Bal.

Pleasure, yes, certainly… but even Kris could make her feel that.

No, it was something more; she had felt loved for the first time in a long while.

And that feeling continued even now.

This bond they now shared was like a conduit into Erica’s pure heart, like a warm ray of sunshine casting a glow over her whole body and brightening the darkness that had surrounded her ever since she had been taken and turned.

She could feel that sensation of warmth and light even now, and for some strange reason the feeling seemed to be growing stronger.

“We’re here, Vicky!” The thought just popped into her head.

“We’re here, and we’re not leaving without you.”

It was Erica’s voice echoing in her mind again.

Suddenly, there she was in the room, kneeling down next to her. Erica had teleported there, and that wonderful sensation of glowing warmth was so strong now, a part of Erica’s unmistakable presence. She pressed a finger to Vicky’s lips.

“Shhhh… don’t say anything,” she softly whispered.

“Don’t make a sound. We’re getting you out of here tonight!”

Vicky sat up, smiling for the first time in a very long time.

Kris and Judith were sitting together on the living room couch watching a vampire movie on TV and laughing at the ever so ridiculous nature of it when suddenly there was a commotion at the front gate. Kris jumped up to check the video monitor showing the courtyard, and saw a dark clothed figure dropping down from the top of the wall, followed closely by a second, larger one.

Who would dare to invade their lair so boldly, she briefly wondered?

Well, whoever they might be, they were going to live just long enough to regret their rash decision, that much was certain as far as she was concerned.

She teleported out to the courtyard and stood blocking the gate behind the foolhardy duo.

There would be no easy retreat for them now, Kris knew.

What she didn’t know was who she was dealing with; these two were no ordinary vandals or home invaders.

These were the Kushkin twins; they were angry, and they were on a mission.

When Peter heard that unforgettable rustling sound behind him, he knew that their plan was working to perfection.

“Divide and conquer,” Hannah had said.

Now at least one of the evil duo was there in the courtyard to challenge his twin sister Petra and himself. He smiled grimly as he spun around quickly and brought his MP7 to bear, pulling the trigger and unleashing a rapid burst of gunfire straight into the belly of the vampire who stood there looking shocked at the speed and violence of his response before her body was knocked back by the force of the bullets slamming into her.

Normally the element of surprise was hers as her victims were transfixed with terror once they realized exactly what kind of creature she was. This time, she had been shot on sight.

Effing hunters! Oh, crap… she thought. This might not be as easy as I expected it to be.

Just as she thought that, Petra unleashed another hellish hailstorm of bullets from her MP5 on the other side, hitting her legs and shattering both of her kneecaps. In burning agony from her crippling wounds, Kris fell hard to the cobblestones and lay there briefly before teleporting out of sight.

“One down, one to go!” Petra said, gleefully.

When Judith heard the sound of gunfire in the courtyard, she knew things were getting just a little out of hand for Kris.

She would have headed outside to help, but right at that instant a tall, leather-clad figure had appeared directly in front of her in the living room, accompanied by the soft rustling sound of a teleporting vampire.

Judith recognized her immediately; it was the same woman who had won the auction at the Petit Bal, although she had quite a different aspect to her appearance now.

Where before she had looked fashionable and decadent, now the olive-skinned woman was all business, and that business was going to be lethal indeed.

In her gloved hands, she held a long, sharp sword, and she had a look in her dark brown eyes that said she wouldn’t hesitate to use it.

As she approached, Judith exclaimed, “You! What do you want here?”

“I am here to claim Victoria,” Hannah said, softly.

“She was yours for a night,” Judith snarled, baring her fangs.

“But she is mine for all eternity.”

Just then, Kris teleported into the living room, lying in a fetal position on the floor and sobbing loudly from the pain of her bullet-riddled stomach and bloody, shattered knees. Adding insult to injury, she lost control of her bladder and started wetting herself, soaking her tight blue jeans as she lay there, helpless.

”I think not,” Hannah replied as she grabbed her by the frills of her white linen blouse and raised her sword to Judith’s throat.

“The two of you have mistreated and tortured that poor girl quite enough. I would be justified in destroying you right now for the things you have done to her, but I propose a simple deal instead: you let us take Victoria, and we let the both of you alone in return.“

Judith glanced quickly down at Kris, realizing that the small girl would be of no assistance in any ensuing combat. Even taking into account her regenerative ability, it would be a while before the little redhead could walk again, much less fight.

With that soft rustling sound, Cool appeared suddenly in the living room, teleporting from the squalid upstairs bedroom.

“Are we done here?” she asked, taking in the situation rapidly.

“Your decision, quickly now!” Hannah said harshly, the razor-sharp blade of her sword pressing slightly into Judith’s throat and causing a little trickle of blood to run down and stain her white blouse.

“Take the little bitch,” Judith spat. “I’m bored with her anyway.”

Without Kris to help, two vamps at full strength confronting her, and the obviously capable and heavily armed duo outside, there was no sense in trying to battle at the moment.

“Good call,” Hannah said.

Lowering her sword, she turned to Cool.

“Go get Vicky; we’re leaving. As for you, you should tend to your girlfriend now,” she said to Judith, releasing her grip on the evil vampire’s blouse and gesturing over towards where Kris lay on the floor writhing in pain in a pool of her own urine, bleeding profusely from her stomach and both of her legs and swearing like a sailor.

Then the two of them disappeared, Cool headed upstairs to bring Vicky out safely and Hannah to the courtyard where the twins were waiting anxiously.

“Well, how did it go in there?” Peter asked.

“I made her an offer she couldn’t refuse,” Hannah said, laughing softly as she sheathed her katana. “By the way, nice job out here, you two.”

The twins smiled as both of them said, “Thanks!” almost in unison.

Cool and Victoria were already waiting outside the front gate as Hannah and the twins came out, having teleported there straight from the locked upstairs bedroom.

“VICKY!” Peter shouted, showing an exuberance he rarely displayed. As he rushed to his little sister’s side, sweeping her up into a tight hug in his arms, Petra glanced over at Cool, who was trembling a bit and looking unusually pale, even for her.

“You OK?” she asked softly.

“Too much teleporting in a short time is tough on the nervous system,” Cool replied, still shaking visibly.

“I’ll be fine… it was worth it. We got our sister back.”

<to be continued> \/###\/

*184*2013-09-23 05:44

Over 8500 views here now... thanks to all of you for each and every one !

And thanks again for those kind comments, orango and wettingman.

*187*2013-09-26 14:01

{{: 

I haven't been on this site much recently, so I missed some chapters, but I liked the last three. 19 was a hot chapter and I liked seeing how one of the evil vampires got to suffer for the things she had done in the most recent chapter. I just hope that Kris and Judith don't plan on revenge later on down the road, but knowing the kind of vamps they are, it wouldn't surprise me if they did just that, with the intentions of getting Vicky back again.

I also wanted to see Judith get her head chopped off, but it's a good thing that it didn't happen. I would hate to have found out what would happen to Hannah if she had killed Judith and taken in Judith's evil.

}}

Thanks so much for following the story, and for taking the time to say something nice about it !

And keep up the good work with THIEVES ! :)

{{: 

I love having a chapter update every week from you my dear frostyjr. I love the story line you have gotten started here. I cannot believe your imagination. I would love to keep your stories all in my head and to have a file on my computer and ipad to read this story of yours over and over until I have memorized it.

Lunx

}}

OMHG, you have no idea how much these kind words mean to me...

I have been a bit out of sorts lately for a number of reasons, and was debating having SoB go on hiatus for a bit.

Knowing that at least a few of you are out there who really care about these characters and what happens to them is going to help motivate me to continue.

So, folks, please keep reading, and post a comment when you can. OK ?

And to all of you who have been so kind as to post comments to let me know how you feel, THANK YOU EVER SO MUCH !

Your humble writer, frosty

*188*2013-09-27 13:59

Well, my dearest little omo vamps, and fans thereof, it's that time again.

Without preamble (or at least, without too much rambling), i give you the latest chapter in this tale...

And i do hope that you will enjoy it.

Please feel free to comment, as always.

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 21)

DEATH LETTER (Cool and River)

Present day Manhattan

(sound track: Death Letter, performed by the White Stripes)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1fM2qhG8mA4?feature=oembed"

I couldn’t keep my eyes off of her.

I couldn’t keep my hands off of her either; I was like a little girl with a new doll on Xmas morning.

My sweet River… she was beautiful, she was desperate, and she was all mine.

The last time I had turned a girl was over 20 years ago, and eventually we had gone our separate ways. We still kept in touch, because we were sisters and always would be, but she had a family of her own now too. Her own little ones took precedence for her, and that was as it should be.

Vampire families weren’t really too different from human ones, except for the timeframe. I was a rarity in that I had chosen to stay with Hannah all this time instead of going off on my own.

But then again, we weren't just sisters, we were also in love.

Of course, humans would find it a little odd that one of my sisters could also be my mother or my daughter, and my lover too... but that was just the way things were in our world; nothing strange there as far as we were concerned.

River was still getting used to her new existence and the powers that came with it: her new strength and speed, her regenerative ability and, most intriguing to her, the short distance teleporting. I had explained how we were able to shift though space, but the further we traveled the harder it was to come back intact at the end of the journey, and that it always took a toll on both our energy and our nervous system.

Still, she was fascinated by the idea, and she practiced teleporting every chance she could, working on it until she was exhausted physically and mentally, and then she would collapse wearily into my loving arms.

Both Hannah and I loved our newest little sister dearly.

She was so cute, and so sweet in nature, and still a pure soul.

We were doing our utmost to preserve that in her, having lost that purity over time ourselves despite our best efforts. She wasn’t allowed to hunt, but was fed on blood packs only.

As for the omo part, we supplied her with an ample amount of our ‘blue’ to keep her happy, and she would gleefully hold for as long as she could and then wet herself on demand for us, so we were happy too.

“Erica, this is so cool!” she would exclaim joyously as she’d disappear and then materialize across the room from me, and I just laughed.

First off, because I loved seeing her happy, and secondly, it was funny to hear both my name and my nickname in the same sentence.

River always called me Erica; I guess she felt weird using the other one. Hannah always called me Cool in private, only using Erica if we were in a more formal setting.

I really didn’t care what either of them called me, as long as they both loved me.

A rose by any other name, as the Bard of Avon said.…

Of course, both relationships were a bit different.

Hannah was my mother and my sister and my lover, while River was my sister and my lover, but also my little one, just as I was Hannah’s. In the end, all that really mattered was we were all family, though. And as family, we would exist, love, and even fight as one.

That was a good thing because, although we didn’t know it, at that very moment a storm was brewing that would engulf us all. It had its roots in our past, Hannah’s and mine; the seeds of discontent and hatred sown long ago finally having germinated and now come into full perverse and evil flower.

River loved music as much as Hannah and I did, and was totally in love with the Tesla sound system. She had put on the White Stripes, doing a version of an old blues tune. Personally, I preferred the Son House version, but I could see the appeal of this one.

Like us, it was a combination of old and new elements melding seamlessly together.

For once, I didn't even mind the drums...

Although she was already wriggling like a cute little worm in time to the music playing on the stereo and clearly desperate to pee, I sent River down to collect the mail.

Of course, rather than take the slow, creaky elevator that had been the scene of her ‘little accident’ the night we had first met, she teleported down to the lobby and then back upstairs, only having taken a brief moment to unlock the box, grab what was inside, and lock it again. In her hand she held an assortment of items, which she dropped rather carelessly onto the dresser in the entryway.

Little River was getting so much better at holding now, but she had forgotten what I told her about teleporting putting stress on your body. My sympathetic link could feel the urge to pee getting much stronger within her now, although she tried to act nonchalant.

Still, her tightly crossed legs gave her away, and I smiled to myself, knowing what was coming very soon.

"Anything interesting?" I asked, pretending I hadn't noticed the state she was in.

“Nothing different from the usual, just bills, blurbs and notices,“ she said, flipping her shiny dark brown hair away from her pretty face as she played along.

Of course, she already knew that I knew just how badly she needed to pee, but part of the game was holding on for as long as we could before one of us wet, even though River always lost.

I don't think she minded losing. After our first night with her she had become a total convert to the omorashi lifestyle, and being a submissive omo vampire suited her to a tee.

“Oh, wait, what’s this?” she said as she picked out one unusual looking piece of mail.

In amongst the scattered pile of junk mail and bills was a small parchment-colored envelope, with neat, stylized red ink lettering on it, addressed to Hannah.

As River held it up casually, I looked at it, and felt a sense of dread.

Although I had never seen one before, I knew exactly what it was, and suddenly I forgot all about our little omo game.

A clan challenge… OMHG...

A clan challenge was different from a one-on-one challenge, or a hunt.

The rules of engagement were quite clear.

Before one clan could battle with another, a challenge notice had to be sent; it was a formal declaration of war, as it were. The challenged clan could not refuse the challenge, but was given the right to choose the place, the time, and the weapons, if any, which would be used in the fight. The challengers, on the other hand, merely had to provide the number of their members who would fight, and a means to respond to the challenge.

This way, combatants from both clans would always be equal in number, if not in skill and strength.

It was what passed for fair among us.

If your clan was weaker, then you deserved to be enslaved or eliminated, that was basically the idea. Those rules went back to a different time and set of values, and usually disputes between clans were settled without resorting to a challenge nowadays.

Somebody was going old school on us without the benefit of a chance to resolve whatever the issue was peacefully. It wasn’t a good sign.

“Hannah!”

I fairly screamed her name. I was upset, knowing what lay ahead and River could already sense my fear, although she had no idea what caused it yet.

As an enforcer, Hannah was always combat ready and fully effective.

On the other hand, I had never fought in anger. I had asked Hannah to show me a few basic fighting skills, and she had been glad to oblige. She enjoyed tossing me around like a rag doll as she taught me to fall correctly, then taking advantage of my regenerative ability while she would demonstrate various effective ways to incapacitate an opponent.

Of course, after she crippled me temporarily, she would always be so sweet, nursing me back to health. Then she’d start in on me again.

It was a hard school, but I learned well.

As a result, I had a little bit of skill and training, but River had only recently been turned, and so she was still working on the most basic of vampire abilities.

We hadn’t allowed her to hunt, so her aptitude for taking and causing damage was a complete unknown to us.

You don’t usually come out and ask your lover, “By the way, how deadly are you?” even if you are a dark creature of the night. That’s a little too weird, even for us. And I hadn’t turned River in order to have another fighter in the clan.

She was just too sweet, and I wanted her to stay that way.

Now it looked as if we weren’t going to have a choice.

She was our sister, and she was going to have to fight.

Hannah came in from the back room where she had been meditating quietly.

“What’s the matter, Cool?” she asked calmly.

She could tell by my agitation that something was wrong, but Hannah would always manage to stay calm and centered while she worked the problem, whatever form it might take.

“This!” I held up the envelope so that she could see it.

“Hmmm, someone sent us a clan challenge, eh? I guess I’d better open it now, then,” she said, smiling.

How can you be so relaxed about this? I thought.

Then I remembered that Hannah was so much older and experienced than I was.

She had been through all of this before, and had survived.

<to be continued> \/###\/

*194*2013-10-01 11:50

I am so happy to see so many comments on this latest chapter of my little vamp story.

TY, TY, TY to each and every one of you that took the time to do so, and of course, thanks also to all who are reading along... i will continue to do my best to keep you entertained, thrilled, and surprised. Keep posting those comments, my friends !

On an unrelated note, i have this other thread,

%https://omorashi.org/topic/12689-my-guitar/

Where i post pics of guitars i made.

I'd love it if any other guitar players would post pics of their guitars there too, it could be like a registry/gallery then. i know at least a couple of you play, and there are probably lots more out there... so would you share your 'axes' with us ?

TIA !

Frosty

*195*2013-10-04 12:15

My dearest friends, fans and fiends, i wasn't even sure i'd be able to post anything this morning, but these characters seem to have taken on an existence of their own, and they demand their due, whether in pleasure or in pain.

So, somehow, it's Friday AM, and here is the latest chapter of the story....

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 22)

FAMILY TIES

Brentwood, Essex County, UK 1997

(sound track: Almost Blue, by Chet Baker)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/z4PKzz81m5c?feature=oembed"

The cancer was growing within her, spreading through her body like wildfire raging through a dry woodland forest.

The doctors had given her only months to live.

“Sorry, but there is nothing we can do.”

‘Incurable’, ‘too advanced for treatment’, ‘little to no hope of remission’…

By now, she had heard all the different versions of the same thing time after time.

No matter how many specialists she had consulted, the end result was still the same: a death sentence.

How unfair was it, after all the time lost in that institution, to be finally free and then to have her present happiness snatched away from her in this manner?

It wasn’t even her incessant smoking catching up to her, she thought.

Liver cancer; then it had spread… oh, the irony of it.

Now she had to tell Peter, and Vicky.

###

Petra pulled her dark blue BMW Z3 into the driveway at the Kushkin family estate.

She could see Peter and Vicky were already there, her twin brother’s black M5 parked next to her little sister’s silver M3.

There was a third car in the driveway also, an unfamiliar one. It was a brand new alpine white Z3, with its more powerful all-aluminum straight six motor producing almost 190 horsepower. Hers was the older 1.9 litre four cylinder version.

Nice car, she thought to herself as she pulled in alongside it. Hmm, I wonder who it belongs to?

She got out of her car, then dropped and stepped on the cigarette which had burned down almost to the filter before pulling out a pack of Gitanes from the inside pocket of her fitted leather jacket. She tapped the end of the pack against the fender of her car, then removed another cigarette from the pack and placed it between her pretty lips, lit it with her Bic lighter, and inhaled deeply.

What difference could it possibly make now?, she thought, smiling bitterly. I might as well enjoy myself...

Steeling herself for a major emotional maelstrom, she slowly walked up the steps to the house and pushed open the door.

As Petra moved past the foyer and into the large living room, she saw her two siblings, but she was surprised to see that there were three other people there as well.

Vicky ran to greet her, embracing her warmly before she spoke.

“You remember Hannah and Cool, I’m sure, and this is their sister, Kat.”

Petra said, “Not that I'm not pleased to see you girls again, or to meet you, Kat... but I thought this was going to be a family meeting.”

“We are family; we have been ever since Cool turned Vicky, remember?” Hannah replied.

Cool added, “When she told us what was happening with you, we all had to come over here immediately.”

“Ahh, so you've heard, then?" Petra said, a wan look on her face.

"I appreciate your concern, but there’s really nothing to be done, or so they tell me. I’m to pray for a miracle, I suppose.”

Cool smiled at her remark, glancing over at Hannah before speaking in a low voice.

“Miracles can happen, you know. And they come in many different forms…. Sometimes, even a curse can turn out to be a kind of miracle.”

Vicky nodded, and as if in response to her cue, Kat suddenly seized Peter from behind, while Cool firmly grasped his twin sister, immobilizing her.

As she laid Petra down tenderly onto her back, lowering her head into Vicky's lap, Cool spoke to her now, her voice soft and hypnotic.

“You know that you desire this more than anything; give in now, and become one of us. It is your destiny to become our sister; you know this in your heart and always have, ever since we first met.”

As Cool said those words, Petra felt herself relaxing, realizing the truth of it as Hannah began to feed her the blood and 'blue' cocktail mixture from a large glass she held up to her soft lips. Petra drank deeply of the liquid in the glass, feeling her body consumed by a cool fire as it began changing her, her damaged cells rapidly regenerating, chasing the cancer from her as she became something new and different. Something no longer quite of this world...

Peter cried “NO!”, but he was powerless to resist. The small vampire holding him was far too strong, and there was no way for him to escape her grip no matter how hard he struggled.

Kat bared her fangs and sank them deep into Peter’s neck.

The sensation was almost sexual to him, the pain mingled with a sweet pleasure that was totally irresistible. In just an instant he was captivated, and he gave himself over to the feeling completely, falling under Kat’s spell as she continued to drain the blood from him.

When she finally stopped, he was weak, but blissful.

To die like this wouldn’t be a bad way to go, he thought.

Then Kat sliced at her wrist, and held the cut to his mouth.

Unable to help himself, he began to suck at it, taking her blood into his mouth and swallowing it, gulping it down before Kat eventually pulled her wrist away, saying, “That’s quite enough, my boy.”

It had felt wonderful to her to mingle her essence with his, and now, they were joined forever.

Vicky cradled Petra’s head in her lap, stroking her soft, sweet-smelling hair and gazing into her older sister’s dark brown eyes as Cool held her close and Hannah continued to feed her the blue liquid cocktail that would not ever let her die.

“You both never gave up on me, and saved me more than once, most recently getting me away from Judith and Kris." Victoria smiled. "Now it’s my turn to repay you… We discussed this, and we refuse to let either of you die so needlessly, so senselessly.”

“This is our gift to the both of you… health, and eternal life. Please forgive us; we do this out of our love for you,” As Vicky said this, Hannah smiled sadly.

She of all people knew their ‘gift’ was at best a mixed blessing, but for Petra at least, it was her only hope. And it was too tragic to condemn Peter to grow old alone, without either of his sisters.

In time, the twins would accept what had happened to them, just as they all had had to.

In time…

###

NYC, present day

Hannah opened the envelope containing the challenge with a single swipe of a razor sharp fingernail, and spilled its contents out onto the living room coffee table as River and I sat on either side of her.

What was inside was a rather old fashioned calling card with an address in Porte de Vanves, and a playing card: the 7 of Spades.

OMHG, Judith and Kris were challenging us after all this time?

They must have finally found enough allies to take us on, I thought to myself, and they must be pretty strong ones.

I wondered who the other five were that they had gotten to join them. Well, it didn’t make too much difference anyhow.

We now had to come up with seven fighters to match their number, and there were only three of us there at the moment.

Luckily, as the challenged clan, we could specify the time, the place, and the weapons. If I knew Hannah, she’d want this over and done with as soon as possible, and she’d choose blades.

It was going to be a nasty battle, and before it was over, heads would roll.

<to be continued> \/###\/

Over 9K views,; my most sincere thanks to all of you who are following along, you make it all worthwhile !

