Jason and Mr. Granger, Part Two

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2012-08-22 00:58

Mr. Granger has given Jason another chance, another interview, something Jason still couldn’t believe as he arrived at Louise’s, an upscale Italian “ristorante”, where the prices weren’t even listed on the menu. Jason arrived a full half hour early, and didn’t see Mr. Granger anywhere. Jason went up to the bar and asked the bartender about the men’s room (Jason had no intentions of wetting all over himself again). When he returns to the bar, Mr. Granger was there, and they shook hands again. The owner’s wife herself led them to a table in a quiet area, and three busboys officiated at the filling of two water glasses.

“We wish to consult the sommelier,” Mr. Granger said, and the busboys ran off to get him. He arrived with a tray of wines.

“I would like to recommend this 1890s vintage red,” the sommelier poured a couple sips into two glasses.

Mr. Granger looked at Jason, and Jason, fortunately, had taken a wine-tasting tour with an ex-girlfriend last summer, and knew how to taste the wine properly, bubbling it in his cheek. He didn’t know good from bad, but he could tell it was potent. He hoped Mr. Granger wouldn’t make him decide.

Luckily, Mr. Granger, after tasting the wine himself, smiled and told the sommelier it was perfect while Jason pretended to be engrossed in the menu. The sommelier poured their glasses and left the bottle.

“Might I recommend the spinach and goat cheese ravioli with the house salad?” Mr. Granger said to Jason.

“That sounds good,” Jason said. In reality, he was so nervous again he doubted he’d be able to eat much. Nor was he partial to Italian food, especially things he couldn’t pronounce. Ravioli seemed like a safe bet.

The waitress came, and Mr. Granger ordered for both of them. When she left, Mr. Granger took a sip of wine, so Jason did, too. He decided to match Mr. Granger, do what he did. Imitation was the best form of flattery after all.

Mr. Granger offered Jason an expensive cigarette. Jason figured he should take it, and Mr. Granger lit it with a fancy, diamond monogrammed lighter. He lit one of his own, and got down to business.

“As I’ve said, I am very impressed with your credentials, Mr. Bates. Chase gave you an excellent reference, all but said they were missing you deeply and wanted you to return. Your personal references were just as good. Your old neighbor, Mrs. Cisne, I believe it was…”

Jason nodded. “Yes, Mrs. Cisne. She lives across the street from my parents.”

Mr. Granger smiled. “I know. She went on and on about you, the nice young man who shoveled her walkways, mowed her lawn, and helped her carry in her groceries.”

Jason almost blushed with embarrassment, and began to wonder if Mr. Granger had called his old Scout leader too, Jason had been an eagle scout.

“I would like to offer you a position with The Company.”

Jason nearly fainted from relief. “Thank you, Sir.” He managed to say, as a silly, happy smile spread on his face.

Mr. Granger poured them each another glass of wine, and lifted his. “To Jason Bates, welcome to The Company. May you be successful and prosperous.”

Jason smiled, and clinked glasses with his new boss.

Over food and more wine, Mr. Granger outlined the job info, and Jason thought he’d died and gone to heaven. $80,000 a year to start. Health, dental, life, tons of fringe benefits, bonuses, his own office.

During this, Jason felt the wine hit his bladder. He knew he shouldn’t excuse himself, and the meal was over, a mere two fingers of wine left in the bottle, so he waited.

“Do you have time to come back to the office?” Mr. Granger asked.

Jason said yes.

Mr. Granger had walked over, The Company was only a few blocks from Louise’s, so Jason walked over with him. He was suddenly ashamed of his car, a newer Chevy Tahoe. It was nice, but he was sure Mr. Granger had a nicer ride. Jason was handling the walk just fine, his bladder wasn’t really full, it was just burning with the wine. He knew it was going to burn when he finally went, he didn’t know why, but wine always made his pee feel a little like fire. Mr. Granger walked quickly, confidently, and Jason matched him step for step. His father had taught him that success in the workplace started with emulating a respected boss or co-worker. Upon arriving at The Company, Jason could see that Mr. Granger was both respected and well-liked around The Company. Jason was introduced to a few people, and everyone was very warm and welcoming. Mr. Granger gave him a small tour, which ended in what would be Jason’s office.

Jason was pleased with his office. It wasn’t as large as Mr. Granger’s, of course, but it was still really nice, with a sleek mahogany desk, leather desk chair, and windows! No cubicle. Mr. Granger encouraged him to try it out, and excused himself. Jason realized Mr. Granger hadn’t shown him where the bathroom was. He got up from his chair and tried the one other door in his new office. It was a closet. When Jason turned back around, Mr. Granger was there with a tray, a bottle of expensive scotch, and two glasses filled with ice. Jason almost groaned.

“Come, Jason. Join me in another drink. I really think you’re going to like it here.”

Jason managed to smile, and take the glass. “I think so too. Everyone seems really kind.” His bladder cramped, and he tried not to wince.

“Well, let’s drink to The Company this time.”

“Hear, hear,” Jason said, and clinked glasses with Mr. Granger for the second time that afternoon.

Half an hour and two scotches on the rocks later, Mr. Granger finally cut him loose, realizing he was nearly late for a golf outing. He told Jason to come in at nine on Monday, and walked Jason out, which meant he couldn’t ask the receptionist where the men’s room was. He would have to show up for work on Monday, still not knowing! Jason REALLY had to pee now! He began a very quick walk, he would have to see if Louise’s would let him use the bathroom, again. How embarrassing. But, Jason was panicking, he was hoping to even get to Louise’s. A block and a half away, Jason had to stop walking, and do a public crotch-grab! He flushed red with embarrassment, knowing someone had to have seen. He realized he wasn’t going to make it to Louise’s. He would be lucky if he even made it another ten steps without wetting himself.

He moved in quick, careful steps to his car, not caring who saw him looking desperate at this point. He felt his pee leaking out and wet warmth spread in his boxers…fuck he couldn’t hold it! As he unlocked his car, his bladder exploded and pee ran everywhere, down his legs, soaking his pants, his socks, and making puddles in his best pair of dress shoes. Jason, his face beet-red, simply stood there and let it happen, there wasn’t really anything he could do about it. He looked down and saw the darker pavement beneath him, a splashy puddle, and a small stream running down towards the gutter. He looked in despair at what he’d done to yet another nice suit that needed dry cleaning. Then, he heard a horn beep. Oh, no, I’ve been seen wetting my pants, Jason thought. He looked up anyway. It was Mr. Granger. He smiled and waved, and Jason smiled and waved back. Obviously, he was safe, his new boss hadn’t noticed the accident.

Very carefully, Jason got his beach blanket out of the back of his Tahoe and folded it on his seat. Shamed, but employed, he went home, eager to start his new career with The Company.

