Nightwing

Author: Nimbus

*000*2015-07-06 07:01

One of my rare dabbles into male omorashi. Evidently today is fellow writer Harley Quinn's birthday and since I enjoy her work I thought I could try my hand at another male omorashi story in her honor. Key word is try of course. Without further ado,

I am a mortal among gods… or titans actually. I have limits they don’t. Sometimes reaching these limits can be embarrassing. For example: potty failure in a combat scenario. Well, at the moment it’s actually just a potty emergency but I know the end results.

I don’t even know if Cyborg has a human bladder or some sort of robotic reservoir system. Meanwhile Raven is the daughter of a demon and Donna is Amazonian. Actually I am kind of surprised Kid Flash doesn’t have more of an issue with his bladder given his metabolism. No, instead I am the only one in desperate need of a bathroom. The team leader reduced to a barely house trained child. I couldn’t let them know. I had to fight on.

The last time I was even close to being this desperate was when Donna had asked me to help her start up the Teen Titans. It was three years ago, only a couple of months after I debuted as Nightwing. I had struck out alone, away from Bruce’s condescension, to protect the streets of Blüdhaven.

Donna pointed out I was only trying to prove myself capable to Bruce. I may have lashed out at her for that comment…

“This whole Nightwing vanity project is just some sort of show for Bruce’s benefit, Dick. Taking on the streets of Blüdhaven, going toe to toe with any supervillain who rears there ugly head in your vicinity, it’s ridiculous.” The ever beautiful Donna Troy hovered in the air before me, bearing a one piece suit that looked as if it had been sewn from the night sky.

“This isn’t about proving anything to Bruce. This is about separating from him. I’m not Batman, and I never will be. I have to go my own way and he couldn’t understand that. I thought you of all people would understand what it’s like trying to measure up to someone else.” I didn’t have time for her lecture. I knew it was dirty tactics to bring up her living in Wonder Woman’s shadow but I needed to end the debate and fast.

I had been on patrol the entire night and eventually my bladder caught up to me. Not too long afterwards, so did Wondergirl. I had been preparing to return to my apartment when she floated down before me and brought up the prospect of co-starting a team of teenage super heroes. I quickly shot her down. Now I needed to quickly end this argument.

“This might not be about proving yourself to Bruce, but it definitely isn’t about going your own way. This isn’t like you, Dick. You are distancing yourself from everyone: the bat family, the League, even your friends. You are isolating yourself and becoming exactly like Batman.”

“You clearly don’t understand anything about me.” I snapped. I couldn’t muster any witty repartee. It was all I could do not to squirm on the spot. I allowed myself to tap my foot up to that point, in the hope she would only think I was being impatient.

I turned my back to her. “I’m leaving now.” I said simply.

Before I could take a single step her lasso tugged tightly against my body. The mystical rope pressed against my lower abdomen and, consequently, my bladder. I gasped and barely kept from doubling over.

“Listen to me.” She demanded.

Typically her lasso of persuasion had no effect on me. I say typically, because in that moment of desperation I lacked the will to resist. I never admitted it of course; instead I told her it was a moment of clarity or some sort of guilt ridden obligation. I turned to face her and managed to stay still for a moment. She released her hold of me.

“Dick, you aren’t a loner. You never have been. I get how you are feeling, and I understand that not every effect of being raised by the Batman will be a good one. But you aren’t this thing you are trying to be. You are a team player. You are levelheaded and free spirted at the same time somehow. Don’t be Batman. Be Nightwing, but make sure that it’s the Nightwing you really want to be.”

I hung my head lightly. “I guess you do have a point.” I had inconspicuously begun to shift my weight from foot to foot.

“Yes, I do. I think the Teen Titans will be good for you. Together we can lead a group of teenage heroes to protect the world our way. Not anyone else’s. Trust me, it will be great.” And I did trust her. I agreed to her offer and when she briefly turned around I disappeared from sight and went off to find a restroom. Bruce did teach me a few good tricks after all.

Unfortunately I can’t disappear while trading blows with Slade… and of course the need to pee is much worse than that night. At least I have the added advantage of movement. I hop from foot to foot as I use one escrima stick to block Deathstroke’s sword and the other to attempt for a strike.

Of course Deathstroke evades the attack. “You are unusually silent, Nightwing. Why is that?”

“Oh sorry, I forgot to clue you in. I’m kind of doing an impression of what your unconscious body will sound like in just a few moments.” I grit my teeth as my bladder spasms. It’s everything I have not to lose control. I might be constantly moving but my attacks are clumsier.

When Deathstroke begins to cut through my defenses I realize I am actively squirming. My bladder spasms again and I hunch over, barely blocking another blow.

“What has you so pathetic?” Slade sneers.

I realize that I will lose if I let my bladder control me. I… I relent to nature’s call. The effect isn’t immediate but soon I began to feel my lap grow warm. Golden rivulets cascade down my legs and soak my skintight outfit. My uniform is black, so the wetness isn’t immediately visible but my legs begin to glisten and steam in the cold winter air. It doesn’t take long before a puddle spreads beneath my feet.

“What are you doing?” Slade demands in disbelief.

The shock of what he witnesses is enough of an opening for me to strike. Hot pee still pours down my legs as I strike his wrist with an electrically charged escrima. He drops the sword immediately and in a flurry of strike I have him beaten down.

There seems to be a trail of urine droplets behind me. They lead from my first puddle to my new one as I stand above an unconscious Slade. “I think my impression was pretty spot on.” I smirk. I didn’t realize how much pee I had held but now with my uniform saturated I didn’t see any reason to restrain myself.

I release every last drop of pee from my bladder. I almost revel in the relief as streams of liquid gold rush down my legs and pool around my feet. The puddle even spreads to Slade’s body.

“Well that is certainly some tactic.” Raven dead pans as my team catches up with me.

I blush and fumble for an explanation.

“Hey, if it’s effective it’s not a bad strategy.” Cyborg laughs.

*002*2015-07-06 13:28

{{: 

Thank you! This was fantastic and I really appreciate the thought! It was also pretty unique as far as all the superhero related omo I've ever read, so that was a plus.

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you enjoyed it!

*004*2019-01-29 09:39

{{On 1/27/2019 at 2:06 PM, HaruhiSuzumiya said:

This is why NO ONE does Cyborg omorashi fanfics, and it sucks because CYBORG IS MY HUSBANDO

}}

Funny that you mention that because SPOILERS FOR YOUNG JUSTICE SEASON 3 I super duper forgot how to use the spoiler tag function so I'm just going to add a little fluff text so the spoiler isn't super in plain sight right after the spoiler warning. But anyways cyborg is in season 3 and noticeably less robotic from the waist down. So ya know, maybe one day. I do really like the character and this is just a little more fluff text for people whose eyes, like mine, skip to the bottom of text. I think think this is a good place to end it.

