Secret pages of Batgirl's diary

Author: Ducklett00

*000*2015-04-13 12:07

It has been so long since I wrote anything. It's hard to write when depression eats all your strength and makes it hard to come up with idea of story. Situation is not helped by the fact that you are one step away from suicide. But enough of that, I finally found a energy spike and this is what I managed to write. In case of grammar mistakes, I hope you understand what I am trying to mean...Time to put on the costume and cape.

I am vengeance! I am the night! I am...BATGIRL?!

###

Barbara Gordon poured hot water in a cup and put tea bag in it. She walked to living room, sat down to couch and took short sip from cup. She enjoyed the taste of tea for a few seconds before she put cup to table next to little red book. Barbara picked up book and opened it, it was her diary. Barbara took pen from the table, it has been few days since she wrote anything. Barbara paged through diary and found empty page, she was about to start writing but then she stopped. What was the last thing she had wrote? She turned one page backward and read, then it all came back to her mind. Events that she wanted to forget...

Chapter 1

It was quiet night and Batgirl had parked Batmobile to the alley. She was sitting in it drinking some coffee, Alfred always made sure there was fresh coffee in glove box. Batgirl had just finished her cup when there was static noise from radio that had adjusted to police channel.

"Ongoing robbery in Robinson Park, all nearby units to scene as soon as possible"

Batgirl turned on Batmobile and drove off the alley, she was two blocks away from the Park. When she arrived to Park there was no police cars, she was first on the scene. Batgirl parked Batmobile behind bushes and walked to Park while staying in shadows. It didn't take long to find suspect and the victim. Suspect was wearing black jeans and black hoodie, he had hood on so Batgirl didn't see his face. Victim was short female, about 20 years old. She had short red hair, black t-shirt and black skinthight shorts. Criminal was keeping girl in chokehold from behind and waved knife in front of her eyes.

"Give me your money bitch!"

"I don't have any money with me, please don't hurt me!"

Batgirl sneaked around them and approached from behind. She grapped batarang from her belt and threw it towards criminal, it hit the hand holding the knife. Knife fell to shadows, criminal startled and let go off girl.

"Take cover!" Batgirl said to girl.

"Hey you ain't Bat" criminal noticed.

Batgirl walked to light so criminal could see her properly. Black suit, red hair, short cape blue from outside and yellow from inside. Yellow gloves, belt and boots.

"Well hello..."

"Forget it punk" Batgirl answered.

With few quick steps she reached criminal and punched him to face before he even had time to react. Criminal staggered few steps backward and Batgirl continued her attack, she kicked him into chin and he dropped to ground unconscious. Batgirl pushed man with her leg just to make sure he was unconscious.

"All right you're safe now"

Girl had been hiding behind big rock.

"Oh thank you, thank you" girl walked to Batgirl and hugged her.

"Are you injured?" Batgirl asked.

"No I'm not, I...I am alright"

Batgirl now noticed dark patch on girl's crotch, it was barely noticeable but it was big. Girl's sneakers were also little wet and her legs were wet. Apparently girl had peed herself in fear. Batgirl decided it was better to ignore it and crouched next to criminal, she removed hood. Batgirl had never seen him before but he looked like a petty criminal.

"You know this guy?" Batgirl asked.

"No, I have never seen him before" girl answered.

Batgirl stood up and something caught her attention, Bat-Signal on the sky. At the same time she heard police sirens and soon after that she saw police cars stopping at the Park edge.

"Police are here, you'll be safe. I have to go"

"Wait! thanks!"

As she ran towards Batmobile, police had reached girl.

"Who beat the bad guy?" it was Bullock.

"Batgirl" girl answered.

"It's always the freakin Bats" Bullock mumbled.

Batgirl jumped in Batmobile and drove off from Park, she floored accelerator pedal. As she was driving something caught her attention, rapidly increasing pressure on her bladder. It had to be the coffee she had earlier, coffee didn't stay in her system very long. Her bladder was pretty big but coffee made her feel the pressure very soon and she wouldn't be able to hold it for long. She decided to answer to Bat-Signal first and then take a quick bathroom break.

It took her five minute to reach G.C.P.D Headquarters but the pressure on her bladder made time seem longer. She parked Batmobile to the alley behind G.C.P.D. She jumped out, squirmed a little and used grapple gun to get to the roof. Her father James Gordon was standing next to Bat-Signal, his back was turned towards her. He was wearing long brown coat so Batgirl didn't see much but she knew that he always dressed same. Light brown pants, white shirt and black tie.

"Commissioner"

Gordon turned around, he looked tired.

"I was waiting for Batman" he said.

"He's not in the city at the moment" Batgirl answered.

"Take a look at this photograph. It was taken by security camera about hour ago in Gotham Museum"

Gordon gave Batgirl a large photograph and she looked at it. It was taken in main hall of Museum, there was slim figure in the middle of the photo. Grey bodysuit, yellow belt, black boots and long black gloves. Mask's ears shaped as cat ears, there was no doubt who it was.

"Catwoman" Batgirl said.

"I thought so too but the crime method isn't hers"

"What do you mean?"

"Every glass around items were shattered, she had plenty of time to cut the glasses but she just smashed them"

"Maybe she changed method" Batgirl said.

"Maybe, anyway she took many valuable items. We set perimeter around Gotham City, she isn't leaving without getting caught"

"I see what I can do" Batgirl said and gave photo back to Gordon.

"Thanks"

Batgirl walked to edge and jumped. She slowed fall with her cape and landed in Batmobile's driver seat. Pressure on her bladder was testing her limits and the rough landing made it even worse. Nevertheless she ignored it and pushed few buttons on dashboard.

"Batmobile to Batwing"

"Batwing here, go ahead Batgirl" Batman answered.

"It looks like Catwoman stole multiple valuable items from Gotham Museum. I might need help to track her down"

"We are still tracking down Riddler with Robin, it appears that he is in France"

"What about Nightwing?"

"He is in China, visiting his friend"

"Looks like I have to find her myself"

"Be careful, Selina is unpredictable"

Suddenly red light started to blink on dashboard and address appeared on the monitor.

"Maybe I find her sooner than I thought, burglar alarm in Old Gotham's jewelry store just activated" Batgirl said.

"Be careful" Batman said again.

"Roger that, Batgirl out" she terminated connection.

Batgirl turned on the Batmobile but then she hesitated. If she take a quick bathroom break, then maybe she would still be able to catch Catwoman. It was big maybe and she knew Bruce wouldn't be happy about it if she let burglar to get away just because she couldn't hold it. Maybe she would be able to hold it for a little longer. It was also big maybe but she made her decision, she drove off from alley.

No matter how fast she drove the time seemed to last forever before she reached her destination. For the last few minutes she bounced up and down while holding her left hand between her legs. Batgirl drove to front of the jewelry store and jumped out. She crossed her legs and bent her knees, put her hands between legs and squirmed. Her bladder muscles was at their limits, all she could think about was bathroom. Maybe if she would relax her muscles for at least a second. Her muscles were too tensed, she needed to relax. And she relaxed. Tense on her bladder muscles disappeared and her condition eased. But when she felt a few drops leaking into her costume she tensed her muscles. She had only relaxed for a second and almost ended up wetting herself. Now that she had leaked a little it was even harder to hold it.

"This wasn't good idea" she said to herself.

Batgirl squirmed, bounced up and pressed her hands between her legs. Eventually she managed to control her urge and was able to walk. She walked to store, there was big hole cut to glass. Batgirl jumped through hole and looked around. Store was pretty big compared to other stores in the neighborhood. In front of every wall was counters and at the back was cash register. At every counter was same circle shaped hole cut to glass and every jewelry was taken. Someone was moving behind cash register, it was Catwoman. She had bag attached to her belt, full of jewelry.

"One robbery in the night wasn't enough?" Batgirl asked.

"When did you came here? what are you talking about?" Catwoman answered.

"You broke in to the Gotham Museum over hour ago and now this"

"I haven't been near Gotham Museum tonight!"

"You were caught by security camera" Batgirl walked to middle of the store.

"Then someone framed me, person in security camera is impostor"

"One way or another you're coming with me to the police station"

They stared each others for few second and then Catwoman turned around and went through backdoor. Batgirl jumped over counter and followed her.

Alley seemed empty at first glance but then Batgirl noticed Catwoman climbing on the wall. Batgirl grabbed grapple gun from her belt and used it to get to the roof of the building Catwoman was climbing. As Catwoman reached to roof Batgirl landed in front of her.

"Don't make this too hard on yourself Selina"

"Step aside little girl"

"Give up Catwoman!"

"I will hurt you if I have to" Catwoman said and revealed claws from her gloves.

Batgirl dodged Catwoman's claws and punched, she missed as Catwoman leaped further away. Batgirl chased Catwoman and they shared kicks and punches but never landed a single blow since they dodged them. Catwoman tried to scratch her again but Batgirl stopped it by hitting Catwoman to chest with palm. Because of this Batgirl's defence was open for a brief second and it was enough for Catwoman, she managed to land a kick on Batgirl's bladder. It felt like her bladder muscles teared, Batgirl couldn't control her bladder anymore and floodgate was open. It started with short gushes and then it turned into waterfall.

Hot urine soaked her panties and costume pants in less than half a second. It poured down her legs to boots, gushed out from her pants from her crotch, from her knees, almost from every part of her legs. Pee formed a puddle underneath her boots. Batgirl could only stood there mortified, she felt relieved but at the same time she felt humiliated. After a while that felt like eternity, peeing stopped. Batgirl's legs trembled and she fell down to sit on her own puddle of urine. Few gushes spurted out but then it stopped, it had to stop. In middle of humiliation and disbelieve Batgirl was able to thought one thing, her bladder had been fuller than she thought. Catwoman had been standing silently in front of Batgirl, her mouth was open due of disbelief. She just stood there silently, trying to understand what she had just witnessed.

"I'll be damned, that was unexpected" Catwoman said after long silent moment.

Batgirl opened her mouth, she tried to say something but didn't manage to make any sound. Her spirit was broken, she didn't care if Catwoman get away, she could only sit there mortified. Catwoman finally stopped staring at Batgirl and walked to ladder.

"See you later kid" Catwoman said and descended from roof.

Batgirl just stared at the distance without really seeing anything, there was battle going on in her head. She wanted to cry but she knew it wasn't appropriate for Batgirl, she wanted to yell her humiliation away but she knew it wouldn't go away. She wanted to hide but there was no place to hide. After a long time Batgirl snapped back to reality. She stood up, her legs still trembling and her crotch still burning. Batgirl took deep breath and examined damage. Luckily it was hard to see from black but at close range it was easy to see everything. There was few little dry spots but otherwise her pants were soaked and she felt the wetness clearly, no matter how hard she tried to belive that she imagined it all. Batgirl returned to Batmobile, every step she took made her want to cry even more. Batmobile's roof slid open and she jumped to driver seat, she closed roof and was about to start the engine when she saw brown package on other seat. There was a note on it and Batgirl read it.

I thought you might need these.

Catwoman

Batgirl didn't know what she meant by that, Batgirl ripped package open. Another package rolled over from inside and Batgirl turned it around. Her heart skipped a beat, it was package of pull-up style diapers. Did Catwoman think this as a joke? joke or not, it wasn't funny. Batgirl turned on the engine and drove off, she have to make a stop on her apartment before going back to Batcave.

Batgirl parked Batmobile to the alley few building away from her apartment. Hesitantly she took a diaper package to her apartment. Fortunetly she had spare costume in her closet behind fake wall. Batgirl threw diaper package to closet and walked to bathroom. She undressed her pants and put them into washing machine, her purple lace panties were totally soaked. She took them off and put them into washing machine as well. Batgirl walked to bathtub and used shower to clean her lower part. She cleaned herself pretty long before she stepped out from bathtub and dried herself with towel.

Before she would put pants on, she sat down to toilet. She sat there multiple minutes making sure her bladder was completely empty. As she dressed up, Batgirl put black lace panties under her pants. Maybe she should stay this night at Wayne Manor, she didn't want to talk about what had happened today but she didn't want to be alone. Before jumping out from the window, something in her mind made her look at the closet where diaper package was. She shook her head and jumped to the night.

TO BE CONTINUED

Well here was Chapter 1. I am open for ideas while I'm writing, so if you have ideas what you want to see in story, let me know. I hope you liked first Chapter, I wrote it while I was sleepy :D

As always, let me know how my writing was. Too long, too short, too boring and so on...We need superheroes like you.

End of my babbling, for a while...

*003*2015-04-13 23:43

{{:

The first chapter was great! But why did you never use the word "the" ?

}}

It has been long time since I wrote anything in English so my grammar is little bit rusty. I was pretty sleepy when I wrote this and it also affected my grammar. Also my antidepressant was changed few days ago and I feel funny. In the end what can I say as my defence: I forgot. I hope that the story was still pretty readable despite of these mistakes. So my apologies :(

{{:

Nice to see stuff with more DC characters, though I'm not really into the whole diaper thing. I can ignore it in favor of the fact that her wetting was triggered by a hit to the bladder. I loooove stuff like that.

}}

I couldn't resist including diapers into the story :D Though I haven't decided that do I leave it to that as minor point, a little joke from Catwoman or do I include it in to the story more deeply.

*006*2015-05-17 04:05

Sorry it took so long to write this part, lack of inspiration :S I hope this is decent. I certainly try to improve next time.

Chapter 2

When she arrived to the scene it was already too late. Everything in the store was stolen, there was nothing left. It was fifth jewelry store robbery in two days. Batgirl walked behind counters, there was pieces of broken glass on the floor. There wasn't really anything that she could use as a clue. Batgirl walked around the store and looked around, she spotted security camera on the ceiling at the back of the store. Her only chance to identify who committed robbery was to watch security tapes. She walked to the backroom, there was hardly any room to move. Most of the space was taken by cardboard boxes and security system. Batgirl was about to start watching tapes when she heard police sirens, shortly four police officers ran inside. One of them was Gordon and other was Bullock. Bullock was wearing his daily outfit, white shirt, red tie, blue coat and fedora.

"Batman?" Gordon asked.

"No, it's me" Batgirl answered and walked to store side.

"Hey shrimp, you're parking illegally" Bullock said.

"Drop it Bullock! why don't you go buy donuts or something" Gordon snarled.

Bullock put toothpick between his teeths and walked out mumbling something about arrogant vigilantes and oversized bats.

"Any idea who did this?" Gordon asked.

"No, I was just about to start watching security tapes"

Gordon followed Batgirl to the backroom, Batgirl turned on the monitor and rewound the tape.

"There" Gordon said pointing at the monitor.

There was no doubt, it was Catwoman who was robbing the store.

"Why she need gavel?" Gordon asked.

"When I encountered her two days ago, she said that she wasn't responsible for Gotham Museum robbery. She alleged that there is impostor"

"You mean there is two Catwoman!?" Gordon said.

"Maybe, or maybe she try to fool us"

"Why haven't you caught her yet?" Bullock had returned, he was eating donuts.

"I haven't found her yet" Batgirl answered.

"I hate to say this, Where is the Bat? he could find her in no time" Bullock said.

"Goddammit Bullock! Batgirl is capable of finding her" Gordon snarled.

Batgirl decided it was best to leave. Her father and Bullock started to argue. She left the store without anyone noticing.

"She should let the police handle this...hey! where did she go?"

"Goddammit Bullock!"

Batgirl jumped into Batmobile, she started the engine and drove off.

Batgirl pushed few buttons on dashboard.

"Alfred, are you there?"

"Yes Miss Gordon, how can I help?" Alfred answered.

"Is there any jewelry stores that haven't been robbed yet?"

"Just a moment"

Batgirl turned right at the next intersection, at the same time red light blinked on dashboard and address appeared to the monitor.

"There is two jewelry store that haven't been robbed yet" Alfred said.

"Could you keep an eye on them, alarm just activated in gambling den at Old Gotham"

"Certainly"

"Batgirl out" she terminated the connection.

Gambling den at the Old Gotham was pretty small and there probably didn't have much money but still some were interested at it. There was three cars parked outside. Batgirl didn't want to alarm anyone inside, so she parked Batmobile little further and approached on foot. When she reached the front door, there was loud noises from inside. She peeked inside, she counted six thugs trashing place and stealing money.

"Hurry it up boys, cops could be here any minute"

Seventh person appeared from the shadows. Dressed in two colored suit, black on the left side and white on the right. Left side of his face was horribly disfigured, it always gave her creeps when she looked at him. Two-Face walked to middle of the room while flipping his coin.

"Relax, they are probably too busy trying to solve those jewelry robberies" one of the thugs said.

"Maybe but there is always the freaking Bat. Put the money in the car" Two-Face cursed.

"What do you want to do with this place?"

Two-Face flipped his coin.

"Burn it down" he answered.

Four thugs started pouring gasoline all over the place while rest of them put money in the bags. Batgirl stayed outside, it would be suicide to take them head-on. Her best chance was to take those two when they walked outside to bring the money to the car and then the rest of them. When the two of them walked out, Batgirl stunned them before they even realised what hit them.

"What was that noise! you two check it" Two-Face said.

Two thugs dropped gasoline canisters and pulled their pistols from inside pocket. As soon as they walked outside, she punched them from shadows and they dropped unconscious. Batgirl walked inside.

"Batgirl!" Two-Face snarled.

Two remaining thugs startled and reached for their pistols but Batgirl threw two batarangs at them and pistols flew into shadows. She jumped towards them and landed kick to thug's chest. She bounced off by kicking thug again, she somersaulted in the air, landed behind other thug and kicked him into the back. She had always wanted to do that. Both thugs stood up and charged towards her. Both of them were little clumsy so it was easy for her to dodge their attacks. She kicked another into stomach and hit another in the face. This time they stayed down. Batgirl suddenly noticed the heat and she looked around, while she had been fighting, Two-Face had started the fire. Flames were spreading fast. Two-Face stood in middle of the room and he was aiming Tommy Gun at her.

"Die!" Two-Face yelled and fired.

Batgirl ran and throw oneself behind counter. Bullets came through wooden counter, it was only a matter of time before she gets hit. Batgirl had this one little problem. Everytime when she is under fire, she gets sudden urge to go to the bathroom. At the moment her bladder was filling up rapidly and the pressure was growing. Suddenly shooting stopped.

"Piece of junk" Two-Face cursed.

Batgirl peeked, Two-Face was hitting gun and trying to load it. It must have jammed, now was her chance. Batgirl threw batarang and gun flew from his hands. Batgirl jumped over the counter, ready to take down Two-Face. She walked towards him, at the same time large part of the ceiling collapsed. Batgirl was hit by the falling construction material, her legs were stucked under them. Situation was not helped by the fact that when she fell, little pee gushed in her pants. Material was burning, she'll burn to death in few minutes. Debris was too big to move, she grabbed grapple gun from her belt. Her intention was to use it to get away but someone kicked it from her hand, Two-Face. He had his Tommy Gun and he was aiming at her.

"This time I make sure that you stay down" he pulled trigger, nothing happened.

"You lousy piece of junk!" Two-Face tried to load the gun but it was jammed.

"Come on boss! let's get out of here, this place is coming down"

Those thugs inside had regain consciousness and they were standing at the door, Two-Face ran to them.

"Let's go!"

"What about them?"

"Leave them!" Two-Face turned around to look at Batgirl.

"Burn to death!" and he left.

Temperature was growing fast and whole room was filling up with black smoke. Batgirl coughed, it was hard to breath. Batgirl started to panic, her bladder was screaming for relieve. She should have taken a spare grapple gun with her, why was she so stupid? Then she heard it, the sound of approaching sirens.

"Hurry up" Batgirl whispered.

Heat was getting unbearable and she was about to pee herself. She heard running steps.

"You two cuff those four, Bullock you with me" it was Gordon.

"Batgirl?!" Gordon yelled at the door.

"I'm here!" Batgirl yelled.

Gordon hunched and walked to her, Bullock followed him.

"Are you okay?" Gordon asked.

"I can't move, my legs are under this debris"

"Bullock! help me lift this"

Bullock and Gordon lifted the debris, they only managed to lift it little but it was enough for Batgirl to get her legs from under it.

"Let's get out of here!" Bullock yelled and coughed.

Gordon helped Batgirl on her feets and supported her when they ran outside. As soon as they were outside, firefighters hosed water to the building.

"What happened?" Gordon asked.

"Two-Face" Batgirl answered.

Batgirl moved uneasily, she had to pee really badly.

"Do you need medical attention?" Gordon asked.

"N..no, I..I'm fine" she felt embarrassed.

"I have to go" she continued.

Without waiting answer, she ran off. She ran to the alley where she had parked the Batmobile. She walked behind Batmobile, she had to pee or she would have accident again. But before she managed to lower her pants, there was muffled beep from her belt. Someone was trying to contact her but she didn't have receiver with her. She cursed, jumped inside Batmobile and pushed button on the dashboard.

"Go ahead" Batgirl said.

"Catwoman just went inside jewelry store, two blocks from your position. I'll send the address" Alfred said.

"Thanks Alfred" Batgirl said.

She terminated the connection, she was on the verge of wetting herself but this might be her only chance to arrest Catwoman. Address appeared on the monitor, Batgirl sighed, started the engine and drove off.

It took her barely a minute to reach her destination, at this jewelry store had old alarm system and it was ringing loudly. Batgirl parked Batmobile in front of the store but before she jumped out, she took a spare grapple gun from glove box. Window was shattered, Batgirl jumped in and looked around. Store was huge and looked like high-class, why didn't it have those silent alarms, noise was deafening. Batgirl walked towards the end of the store, she didn't saw anyone, was she too late? Then suddenly she got heavy blow on back of the skull. She fell on the floor, her sight spun wildly. Someone turned her around, it was Catwoman. She had gavel on her right hand. She looked at Batgirl for a brief moment, then she ran towards front door. Batgirl tried to stand up but she felt too dizzy.

"Stop!" Batgirl yelled.

And Catwoman stopped, she took few steps backward and Batgirl had to shook her head. Another Catwoman had just walked in.

"Let's see who is this imposter" said Catwoman who had walked in.

She jumped towards the other Catwoman and they started fighting. Batgirl shook her head again, that can't be right. Her sight started to clarify but she still saw two Catwoman, so it had to be true. Batgirl stood up, she was still little dizzy. She grabbed bola from her belt but she didn't know which one was the real Catwoman. Catwomans shared kicks and punches almost identically then other of them was knocked on her back, Batgirl threw bola to the legs of Catwoman who was on her back. Immediately other Catwoman ran outside.

"Great job kid, you let the imposter get away" Catwoman said.

"Oh damn, well she didn't get the loot" Batgirl said and walked to release Catwoman.

"This might be our only chance to identify that creep" Catwoman said.

"Let's go" she continued and ran outside.

Batgirl followed her outside, blue van drove off in a hurry.

"Get in the car" Batgirl said and jumped in the Batmobile.

Catwoman jumped in and Batgirl hit the accelerator.

Their speed was multiple times beyond speed limits. Luckily it was getting late and there wasn't many cars on the move. Batgirl still didn't want to drive at full speed in Old Gotham, the streets were narrow and homeless peoples could be at any intersection. Van bumped into fire hydrants, mail boxes and street lights but didn't slow down.

"She is loony" Catwoman said when van almost hit a man.

Batgirl didn't answer, all this tension made her even more desperate. She was biting her lip and wiggling her legs. They turned sharply to the left and then her continence gave up. She let out muffled sound as she felt her bottom getting warmer. In few second her bottom and seat was soaking wet, hot urine smarted her crotch and buttocks. As the pressure in her bladder descend, her embarrassment ascend. She felt herself blushing. Catwoman hadn't noticed anything yet but it was only a matter of time before she notice something. In spite of all Batgirl felt the relieve, torture against her bladder was over. Soon she started to panic, because she was still peeing and there seemed to be no end to it. Urine flowed down her legs into boots and legroom. They had driven several blocks before she stopped peeing, she knew without looking that the damage was huge. Van turned right at the end of the road.

"Gotham's old warehouses?" Catwoman said little surprised.

"No one has used those facilities in years" Batgirl said.

Van was parked in front of the oldest looking warehouse. Batgirl parked Batmobile next to Van.

"Come on, let's go" Catwoman said and jumped out from Batmobile.

Batgirl didn't move.

"What are you waiti...oh" Catwoman noticed wetness in Batgirl's pants.

"Let's go" Batgirl said and jumped out.

With every step she took, she felt how wet her pants were. There wasn't many dry spots. Catwoman followed her with strange look on her face, Batgirl didn't know was it sympathy or ridicule.

"We better go through skylight" Batgirl said.

"Yeah, you're probably right" Catwoman answered.

Batgirl grabbed grapple gun from her belt, Catwoman wrapped her arms around Batgirl's waist. Batgirl used grapple gun to lift them to the roof.

TO BE CONTINUED

*011*2015-06-16 21:27

Well that took longer than I thought. Maybe I shouldn't ponder million things at the same time and focus on one thing at the time. So many ideas, difficult to put them into words. Anyway, I hope you find this worth of waiting.

Chapter 3

Catwoman cut hole to window while Batgirl tied rope end to air vent. They descended into warehouse. Lights weren't on so they didn't see anything.

"Do you have flashlight?" Catwoman asked.

"No" Batgirl answered.

Suddenly bright light turned on, it dazzled them and they raised hands to cover their eyes. Lunatic laugh echoed around them, it sounded like it came from every direction.

"I know that laugh" Catwoman said.

"Joker!"

Lights turned on and they were able to look around. Bright light seemed to come from a huge spotlight. Around them was tall empty shelves and wooden crates.

"Well look what wind blew in, a cat and the brat" Joker came forth.

Garish green hair, white skin and lips stretched into permanently stained red grin, Joker was wearing purple suit. He turned off the spotlight and jumped on top of the crate. Six thugs suddenly surrounded them blocking their escape.

"Wait a minute something is missing...Where is the Bat?" Joker said.

"If you are here, that means the imposter Catwoman is Harley" Batgirl said.

"Well done, you figured it out without Batman. Harley come here" Joker laughed.

"Yes Mr. J."

Harley came forth by doing cartwheels and she stopped next to Joker. She was still wearing Catwoman outfit but she had taken the mask off. Her face was bleached white, black mask around her eyes and jester headpiece on her head.

"A brilliant plan if I may say so. We take the goods and Catwoman takes the blame" Joker said.

"Except someone forgot to use correct robbery method!" he yelled to Harley.

"Gee boss, I thought you would be happy if I do them quickly" Harley said.

"What is the point of doing plans if you don't follow them!?"

Harley raised her shoulders. Joker shook his head.

"Anyway, boys we have cat and the bat to sk..." Joker suddenly looked confused.

"Is it possible to skin a bat?" he asked from Harley

"I don't know Mr. J." Harley answered.

"Well, we just have to find out" Joker laughed.

Thugs started approaching, Catwoman revealed her claws and Batgirl took fighting stance. Every thug had Joker mask on their face and same clown costume, they were all big and muscular but Batgirl knew that they had more muscle than brain. Batgirl jumped towards one of them and kicked him in the face, as she had guessed the other two stood confused. She kicked other thug to the leg and he fell down, third one tried to catch her but she punched him to the abdomen and he dropped. Batgirl looked around, Catwoman had also beaten thugs.

"Why they always get confused when someone else does the first move?" Joker asked himself.

"Harley where do you find these goons?"

"Give up Joker" Batgirl said.

"Give up? the party has just begun" Joker laughed.

Batgirl looked behind, thugs were conscious and approaching them.

"They don't know when to give up" Catwoman said.

Batgirl grabbed bolas from her belt and threw toward thugs, two was caught by bolas and they hit their heads together and fell down.

"Honestly, do I have to do everything myself?" Joker asked.

Catwoman jumped and kicked thug to the head, while still in the air she kicked other thug with the same leg. Thugs just shook their heads and approached her again. Batgirl wasn't any luckier. She jumped and bounced higher from thug's shoulders, other thug grabbed her from leg and hit her to the crate. Crate shattered and Batgirl was buried by pieces of wood.

"Well that hurt" Batgirl thought.

She stood up, thug was ready to punch her. Batgirl hunched, punched thug to abdomen and kicked him into face. This time he stayed down. Catwoman had beaten two thugs and she rushed next to Batgirl. Remaining thug approached them arms spread. Batgirl and Catwoman took a step forward and punched him to the face, they leaped backward. Thug stood, Batgirl and Catwoman glanced one another.

"Ow" he said and fell on his back.

"Whoops, time to go" Joker said.

Batgirl and Catwoman turned around. Joker and Harley was running towards backdoor. Batgirl grabbed grapple gun from her belt and used it to swing herself over the Joker and Harley, she landed before them. Immediately Batgirl kicked Joker in the face. Joker fell on his back and rolled on the floor keeping hands on his face.

"Not in the face" Joker whimpered.

Harley had picked up a baseball bat from somewhere and she was running towards Batgirl, she raised the baseball bat when suddenly whip swirled around her hand and she was pulled backward.

You're mine, you little jerk" Catwoman said.

"Oh gee" Harley groaned.

Joker stood up, he had insane grin on his face and pocket-knife in his hand.

"Let's put a smile on that face"

Batgirl shivered, Joker's twisted mind had always frightened her. Anyhow she couldn't let the fear take over, she took batarang from her belt and threw it. It hit Joker to the hand and pocket-knife fell to the floor and slid to the shadows. Joker snarled in rage and punched, he missed and Batgirl hit him. It didn't seem to have any effect, Joker just laughed and his smile widened. Joker tried to punch again, Batgirl dodged and kicked Joker to the abdomen with her knee. He fell on his knees still laughing.

"Give up Joker!" Batgirl said.

"Why don't you smell a flower" Joker said.

He put his right hand inside breast pocket and green liquid flew from the flower which was on left side of his chest. Batgirl crouched, she knew that the liquid was some sort of acid. She barely managed to dodge the acid and Joker used this distraction, he stood up and lunged towards Batgirl and brought her down on her back. Batgirl was unable to do anything, Joker was sitting on her. His knees were on top of her arms.

"Come on, just a quick sniff"

Fear rushed through her body and short spurt of pee gushed in her pants. Joker started laughing again and then suddenly something hit him on the back of the skull. He stood up and staggered all over the place.

"Jingle bells, Batman smells..." and while still laughing, he fell on his back.

Batgirl stood up, shaking from fear. She walked to Joker, he was unconscious and he still had wide smile on his face. Batgirl looked around, Harley was laying on the floor few steps away and she too was unconscious. On the floor near Batgirl was broken baseball bat, apparently Catwoman had saved her.

"Catwoman?"

There was no answer.

"Great, she's gone" Batgirl muttered.

There was distant sound of police sirens, someone had called the police. Batgirl grabbed grapple gun and used it to get to the roof. She didn't want to be there when the police arrives, especially since her pants were wet from urine. She jumped down from the roof and landed to the driver's seat, she had already forgotten that she had accident in the car and the seat was still wet.

"Oh how I clean this mess?"

But there was no time to think. She started the engine, reversed and drove off.

She had hoped that the Batcave would be empty but when she parked the Batmobile, Alfred was walking towards her. White hair on sides and back of his head, bald spot in the middle of his head and black mustache. He was wearing his usual black suit with black bowtie. Even though it was already small hours, he didn't seem tired at all.

"Alfred I thought you would be sleeping by now" she jumped out from Batmobile.

"I monitored your arrival to the jewelry store and saw another Catwoman entering the store right after you"

"Yeah it was Selina"

"I presume it was Miss Kyle who was with you in the Batmobile when you left the store"

"Yes, it appeared that the imposter Catwoman was Harley"

"I hacked security cameras all over the Gotham and finally found you going to the Gotham's old warehouses, so I called the police"

"Good job Alfred"

"Pardon me Miss Gordon, is there something wrong?"

Batgirl had moved uneasily through whole conversation.

"I uh...I spilled coffee on the seat" she answered.

"Not to worry, I clean it up" Alfred said.

"No no no, I clean it myself"

But Alfred was already fetching cleaning supplies. Batgirl walked quickly to storage where they kept equipments, their costumes and that sort of things. There was also a shower. She undress, took a quick shower and put her normal clothes on. Black tanktop and grey miniskirt. She took her wet costume and red panties with her, Alfred was cleaning the Batmobile so she was able to sneak to the stairs that led to Wayne Manor without him noticing.

On the next day Barbara decided to do some shopping. Luckily she kept spare clothes in Wayne Manor so she didn't have to be without panties. It was past midday and she had been shopping all morning.

"Where to next, Miss Gordon?" Alfred asked from driver seat.

"Hmm let's go to the Gotham Shopping Center"

Back seat was already full of shopping bags and so was trunk.

"Right away Miss Gordon"

Traffic was moving slowly.

"Alfred do you have today's newspaper with you?"

"Yes I have it right here" he handed over the newspaper.

"Thanks"

There wasn't any interesting news on the paper, by the time she finished reading it they stopped outside Gotham Shopping Center.

"I won't be too long Alfred" Barbara said while getting out from the car.

"No need to hurry Miss Gordon"

Barbara laughed while shutting the door, she kept wondering how Alfred could be so calm even though this had to be thirteenth store today. Alfred drove off for searching a better parking place. Barbara walked inside the Shopping Center and looked around, she didn't know where to go first. After thinking she decided to go to the clothing store. There was nice looking little store on her left so she went there. She had browsed about ten minute, when she started to feel a slight pressure on her bladder. Ever since her first accident during her fight with Catwoman, she hasn't been so sure about her continence. Barbara looked around, there was bathroom at the back of the store. She managed to take few steps towards bathroom when she heard gunshots and screaming. Barbara hid herself behind clothing stand. She carefully peeked what was going on. Six man had entered Shopping Center, they were all wearing black hoodies, black pants and submachine gun.

Everyone of them entered one shop and ordered cashier to put the money in the bag. What a perfect timing, Barbara didn't have her costume in the car. Customers were laying on the floor on their stomach. As soon as the cashier managed to get the money in the bag, thug grabbed it and before leaving he turned around and fired short bursts around the store. Few bursts missed Barbara by couple inches. She managed not to scream but she lost her bladder control. 

Unpleasantly familiar feeling spread in her panties when urine gushed out. Panties became warm and wet, hot urine poured down her legs and strong stream gushed from the middle. Luckily she was on her knees behind the clothing stand so no one saw anything. Urine hit carpet loudly and created huge dark patch beneath her. It just kept coming, there was no end to it. Finally after a moment what felt like eternity, it stopped. Barbara didn't move, she felt the mix of relief and humiliation. She didn't know what to do, be relieved or burst into tears.

"Hands up!" someone shouted.

Barbara peeked, police had entered the building. Thug dropped the submachine gun and raised his hands, he kneeled and police cuffed him. His partners were also cuffed and police escorted them out. Remaining police officers helped customers and Barbara's heart jumped in her throat when a man walked into building, it was her father. Barbara examined her skirt, there didn't seem to be any wet spots but she could clearly see pee on her legs. She took a shirt from nearby basket and wiped her legs with it. She stood up, made sure no one saw her coming from there and walked towards her father.

"Dad!"

"Barbara! are you okay?" Gordon asked.

"Yes"

"What are you doing here?"

"I was shopping"

"Thank god you are okay"

Barbara gave her father a hug and then looked him more carefully. He looked overwrought.

"What's wrong?" Barbara asked.

"Nothing you should be concerned, someone robbed lots of chemicals this morning around 4 a.m. and I heard about it ten minutes ago"

"Oh ok, well take care"

Gordon muttered something but Barbara didn't really listened. She rushed outside and went to search Alfred. She found him in the parking lot behind the building.

"Is everything alright? I heard gunshots"

"Yes Alfred, let's go back to Wayne Manor"

Alfred opened door for Barbara and walked to driver's side of the car and sat on driver's seat. He started the engine and drove off.

"Someone robbed lots of chemicals this morning, anyone come to your mind?"

"Are we talking about Jonathan Crane AKA the Scarecrow?"

"Yes but I thought he was supposed to be in Arkham"

"Perhaps there has been mass breakout. I recall that the Joker, Two-Face and Harley were also supposed to be in Arkham"

"I suppose it ought to be in the news, on the other hand dad heard about chemical robbery about ten minutes ago"

"Perhaps we should contact Master Wayne and ask what he thinks about all of this"

"I can handle this on my own but I contact him as soon as we reach the Batcave"

"And when I get dry panties" she thought.

Barbara squirmed uneasily. She didn't felt comfortable with her wet panties but somewhere deep in her mind, she kinda started to like it.

"Well...What do you think?" Batgirl asked.

It was nightfall and she sat in the Batmobile, driving through Old Gotham. She had been trying to contact Batwing whole day but not until now she got response.

"Maybe they just don't want to cause panic" Batman answered.

"But they should tell at least to my father, he hasn't warned me about lunatics and he always does that when there is breakout"

"It does sound weird, you better be on your guard. There might be something big going on"

"I can handle this"

"Let's not take any unnecessary risks, we won't be able to come back to Gotham just yet. We almost caught Riddler today but he got away. What about Nightwing?"

"Next flight to Gotham is day after tomorrow" Alfred answered. He had been listening their conversation.

"Looks like you are on your own, be careful. Batman out"

"Young lady may I suggest that you come back and wait for Nightwing"

"Can't do it Alfred" Batgirl answered.

Red light blinked on the dashboard and address appeared on the monitor.

"There is something going on at Dixon Dock" she continued.

"Please be careful" Alfred said.

"I will, Batgirl out"

She terminated the connection and accelerated.

There seemed to be nothing at the first look but then Batgirl noticed black van in front of the warehouse. She parked next to it and opened Batmobile's roof. She grabbed grapple gun from her belt and used it to get to the roof. She walked to skylight and looked inside, it was too dark to see anything. Batgirl opened the skylight and drop herself to the platform which was right under the skylight. Before her eyes adjusted to darkness, she got hit to the back of the skull. She fell on her knees before lost conscious.

She regained conscious little by little, someone was talking near her but her brains refused to understand anything. She couldn't see anything and it was hard to breath, she assumed that there was bag on her head.

"Look what we caught boss, however it ain't Bat" man voice said.

"It doesn't matter, important thing is that our trap worked" other voice answered.

Batgirl knew that sound, it was Scarecrow. She started to struggle, her hands were tied behind her back and she was sitting on the chair.

"Ah she is awake. This is the perfect time to test my new fear gas on her" Scarecrow said.

There was a moment of silence and then few footsteps, there was odd sound and Batgirl breathe gas. Gas irritate her lungs and she started to cough. Then it started, her heart rate escalated, she started to sweat and it was even harder to breath. Fear rushed through her body starting from the heart. Her brains started to act confusingly. Her fear continued to rise until it was unbearable, she started to scream. Then she lost her bladder control. Burning hot urine gushed in her pants soaking them immediately, it was like a waterfall.

She didn't even try to regain control of her bladder, it was too much. Urine poured down her legs into her boots and to the floor, she could hear it splashing. It felt like she was sitting on extremely hot water, urine poured down to floor from every side of the chair. She felt it as clear as her heart beats. While still peeing, she felt odd feeling around her abdomen. Her brains handled information slowly and by the time she understood the feeling, she had finished peeing. She understood what had happened but couldn't believe it, she had totally lost control of her bowel. She felt feces miserable clearly in her pants.

"Well I think this proves more than perfectly that the fear gas works, even better than I anticipated" Scarecrow said.

Laughter could be heard around her, there was at least three other persons. Bag was removed and Batgirl was able to look around. Everything looked blurred at first, her eyes adjusted slowly. And there he was standing right in front of her, The Scarecrow. Long sleeved red shirt, brown pants, hat and mask. Batgirl saw him normal first and then all the sudden he looked like a something from worst nightmare, a hideous being. Batgirl screamed again, her vision changed back to normal and then again hideous. It was like there was filter in her eyes that turned on and off randomly. She wanted to pee herself again, to mitigate the fear but her bladder was empty. Fear brought tears to her eyes and she screamed, screamed louder than ever before in her life.

TO BE CONTINUED

As usual I am open for ideas, if you want something special let me know. I try to write next part faster, I don't give a specific time because then it would be race against time. Be patient. I aim for perfection, so I edit my writings many times. Hopefully my spelling has improved, I'm starting to get a hang of this again. And if someone is having hard time to figure what characters looks like, I base them as they looks in: Batman The Animated Series. Well Batgirl's look is from: Batman (The New Batman Adventures) I think this was everything what I had in mind.

*015*2015-07-20 01:22

I had to edit the chapter quite many times because I wasn't satisfied with it. I hope that the result was worth of waiting.

Chapter 4

"Will someone shut her up, I can't take this anymore!?" thug yelled.

"We got what we wanted, let's get out of here" Scarecrow answered.

"What about her?" thug asked.

Batgirl had stopped screaming but she was still hallucinating.

"No one will find her from here, by the time someone finds her it will be too late. Her mind can't handle that much fear" Scarecrow said.

Thugs laughed as they walked away from her, Scarecrow was still standing in front of her.

"I wish I could see Batman's face when he finds you, or what is left of you" and he walked away laughing.

It can't end like this. She can't let Scarecrow win, but she was too scared to do anything.

"Dad I'm sorry" she thought.

Then she realized something, her downfall would be too much for her dad and if he finds out that she was working with Batman...dad would never forgive Batman. It would be the end of everything, all the work would be for nothing. Her father would hunt down Batman even if it takes years.

"I will not...I can't let that happen" Batgirl thought.

Her heart rate started to slow down, it was easier to breath, she was able to think.

"I can't..." she whispered.

Fear turned into anger, she squeezed hands into fists.

"I can't let you win!" Batgirl yelled and kicked floor, she fell on back and chair shattered.

"What?" Scarecrow turned around.

Batgirl stood up, she grabbed three batarang from her belt with both hands and tossed them towards thugs. Thugs had drew guns from their inside pocket. Batarangs hit their hands and guns flew away.

"Impossible, you should be afraid!" Scarecrow said.

"When there's a will, there's a way" Batgirl said.

Thugs ran towards her, she grabbed bolas from her belt and threw them towards thugs. Bolas tied them up and they fell on the floor.

"This can't be happening" Scarecrow walked backward.

Batgirl dashed towards Scarecrow, grabbed him from chest and lifted him against wall.

"You're going back to Arkham" Batgirl said.

"I can't believe this"

"Admit it Scarecrow, your..." Batgirl suddenly felt strange.

Her heart rate escalated, it was hard to breathe. Scarecrow looked normal, then he changed into hideous being. Batgirl let go of Scarecrow and backed away, she started to panic, she was afraid.

"Well this is unexpected" Scarecrow said.

Batgirl stumbled and fell on her back, everything looked frightening. Scarecrow walked to thugs and freed them from bolas.

"What happened?" thug asked.

"Apparently my fear gas works after all"

"It appears that sometimes the victim is normal and then all the sudden the fear gas take over and victim is in terror" Scarecrow laughed.

"Let's get out of here before she recovers again"

"I can't wait to use this on Batman" Scarecrow said.

They ran away. Batgirl backed away until her back hit the wall, her hallucinations were even worse than before.

"I can't let him get away" Batgirl thought.

With her remaining strength, she grabbed grapple gun from her belt and used it to get to the platform. She walked towards skylight, stumbled few times along the way but finally reached it. As she lifted herself to the roof, she felt her heart rate slowing down, her hallucinations disappeared. Batgirl heard engine sound and she ran to the edge of the roof. Van reversed and drove off. Batgirl jumped off the roof, slowed fall with her cape and landed next to Batmobile. She was about to jump in the Batmobile when she felt dizziness, she started to hallucinate again and then she lost consciousness.

Batgirl opened her eyes, first thing she saw was bright light. She raised her hand to cover her eyes, after a moment her eyes adjusted. She looked around, she was in someone's apartment. Sofa where she was lying was in the middle of the apartment, there was another sofa near her and coffee table between them. Batgirl rose to sitting position, her legs were covered with blanket. Something wasn't quite right but she couldn't figure out what, apartment looked familiar. She stood up, blanket fell to the floor and then she realized what was wrong. She didn't have pants on or her utility belt, she was completely naked from waist down.

"You're awake" female voice said.

Batgirl quickly grabbed blanket from the floor and covered her crotch.

"Relax, it's just you and me"

Female appeared from the shadows. It was Selina Kyle. Blonde hair, green eyes and dressed in bathrobe.

"Selina?!"

"Don't look so surprised" Selina said.

"But why are you h...?"

"Don't get me wrong, I only helped you since you helped me with imposter. Consider us even. I couldn't figure out how to start Batmobile so it's still at the Dixon Dock"

"How did you know where I was?"

"I was uh...investigating something near Dixon Dock and then I heard you screaming"

"That Scarecrow's new gas must be quite a stuff, judging how loud you screamed and you know..." Selina continued.

"Where's my pants?" Batgirl asked.

"I washed them, they are in the dryer right now. I think we can both agree that they needed cleaning" Selina answered smirk on her face.

Batgirl didn't answer, she was embarrassed.

"I gave you a way to prevent accidents like this"

"What" Batgirl was confused.

"In this kind of work you can't go to bathroom whenever you want, so you bring bathroom with you"

"What?" Batgirl asked again.

Selina shook her head, undressed her bathrobe and dropped it to the floor. Batgirl couldn't believe her eyes. Selina was almost completely naked, she was only wearing pink panties. But when Batgirl looked closer, she noticed that those weren't panties. It was a pull-up diaper and it was obviously wet. Batgirl turned her head, looked in the other direction and felt herself blushing.

"What's the matter, never seen naked woman before?" Selina walked towards her, she wasn't even trying to cover herself.

Selina stopped right in front of Batgirl. Batgirl looked at Selina's green eyes, her heart was beating rapidly, was it because of the fear gas or something else?

"You know, you got gorgeous butt" Selina whispered.

"What?!" Batgirl was puzzled.

Selina touched Batgirl's buttock gently with her fingers. It was like Batgirl received a electric shock and her grip on the blanket failed and it fell on the floor. Selina crouched to pick up the blanket, she kept the eye contact with Batgirl. Batgirl noticed something, was there a slight bulge on Selina's bottom? Selina picked up the blanket and rose up slowly, she gently touched Batgirl's leg with her hand and raised her hand towards Batgirl's crotch. Just before Selina's hand was at Batgirl's crotch, Batgirl snapped out of it and she pushed Selina's hand away and took few steps back.

"You are trying to seduce me for some reason, aren't you?!"

"I'll be damned" Selina was looking at Batgirl's feet.

Batgirl looked down and suddenly she felt a tingly feeling on her leg, a short stream of urine was running down her leg to the carpet.

"What would Batman said, if he knew that Batgirl is just a little girl who can't control her bladder or bowel?"

"What do you want?!" Batgirl tried not to cry.

"Nothing much, don't take me to the police station and let me keep all the goodies I took from jewelry stores"

"You know I can't do that!"

"A small price for your dignity"

There wasn't really any dignity left in her, she had lost it all in front of Scarecrow.

"Fine" Batgirl said.

"You see, that wasn't so hard"

Selina turned around and walked to the bathrobe. Now Batgirl could see that there was definitely a bulge on Selina's bottom. Selina picked up the bathrobe and put it on.

"Your pants should be dry by now" Selina walked to the bathroom.

She returned with red panties and black pants, she tossed them to Batgirl. Batgirl put them on quickly.

"Oh and your utility belt too" Selina tossed belt to Batgirl.

Batgirl put the utility belt on, walked to balcony and jumped from it, hoping that she wouldn't have anymore accidents in front of Selina Kyle or Catwoman.

Barbara was startled awake, she was sweating and breathing rapidly. After she had left Selina's apartment, she went back to Dixon Dock to fetch Batmobile and returned to Batcave. After that she went straight to bed and fell asleep almost immediately. This was third time she was startled awake that night. Barbara looked at the clock on the nightstand, it was 5:30 in the morning. Barbara closed her eyes. She can't withstand another day like this, she have to manufacture antidote for Scarecrow's fear gas or hunt him down and make him give it. She swore to herself that even if she have to crush every bone in his body, she would force him to give the antidote. Barbara suddenly sat up, something was very wrong. She knew the answer but she had to see it to believe, she threw quilt to the floor and let out muffled moan. There was huge dark patch on the bedsheet and it was still warm, Barbara's panties were soaking wet.

"Oh no!" Barbara cried out.

She couldn't believe it, it was unreal. She was 10 years old when she last time wet the bed.

"No, no, no!"

What could she do? she couldn't just remove the bedsheet and take it to laundry basket, Alfred would notice it right away next time he do laundry. Her only change is to wait till morning when Alfred brings breakfast to bed and lie that she spilled her coffee to the bedsheet. Barbara picked up the quilt from the floor and went back to bed. Barbara's eyes were wet from tears, she moved her right hand in her panties and started fingering herself. Something in her mind made her do it after every time she had wet the bed, and she continued it until she fell asleep.

Her plan worked and Alfred didn't suspect anything when she took bedsheet to the laundry basket after breakfast. After quick shower Barbara went straight to Batcave and started working on the antidote. She was on the verge of nervous breakdown and all the time she felt like she was about to pee herself. Just to make sure she doesn't have anymore accident, she visited bathroom every half an hour. Sometimes even it was almost too frightening.

"Miss Gordon, you have been sitting on that computer nearly 7 hours. Should you take a break for awhile?" Alfred asked.

"I've been trying to do the antidote for Scarecrow's fear gas but I don't know how, I wish Bruce was here" Barbara answered.

"Then the only option left is to find Scarecrow" Alfred said.

"How can I track him? I'm too scared to do anything" Barbara wanted to cry.

"When there's a will, there's a way" Alfred answered.

Barbara stood up. Alfred was right, she couldn't let Scarecrow win.

"I can do this" Barbara said to herself.

She walked to storage, undressed her clothes leaving underwear on and put on the Batgirl's costume.

"Do you require anything special?" Alfred asked.

Batgirl walked to Batmobile and jumped in.

"Try to separate fear gas compounds from my blood sample, by pinpointing their manufacture place we can find Scarecrow"

"Will do, Miss"

Batgirl started the Batmobile and drove off. As she drove in a tunnel, she could almost hear Scarecrow's laugh in her ears. It made her angrier and that mitigated her fear.

"Just you wait Scarecrow, you're going down" Batgirl muttered.

When she drove off from the tunnel that led to the Batcave she felt her heart rate escalating, she started to hallucinate. Fear gas was kicking in again.

"No! not now!"

She stopped the Batmobile, it felt like her brains were about to explode. Her fear continued to rise until she started to scream and then it stopped as quickly as it had begun.

"I've had enough" Batgirl gasped.

She floored the pedal, even more determined to take down Scarecrow.

She had passed Old Gotham when radio started beeping. Batgirl switched on the connection.

"Go ahead Alfred"

"Miss, I managed to separate two different compound from your blood sample. One is a common compound that is manufactured throughout the Gotham but the other one is quite rare and can be only found in..."

"Ace Chemical?!"

"Yes, I continue to separate other compounds from you blood sample and diagnose them"

"No need for that, I'm sure that Scarecrow is in Ace Chemical"

"Be careful, it could be a trap"

"They always are, Batgirl out" she terminated the connection.

"You better be ready Crane" Batgirl said.

Batgirl parked Batmobile behind the Ace Chemical near the loading platform. She jumped out, fell on her knees and threw up. Her condition had gotten worse, she was shaking and every muscle in her body was aching. She had to find the antidote or the fear gas would consume her. Batgirl grabbed grapple gun from her belt, stood up and used grapple gun to get to the office over the loading platform. She struggled to get through window and slumped on the floor.

"I can't give up now" she thought.

Office was small, there was only metal desk and small file cabinet. Luckily room was empty. Batgirl stood up and walked to the door, she opened the door slightly. She had definitely come in the right place, Scarecrow was standing outside the office and was looking down over the railing. Batgirl opened the door entirely and dashed to Scarecrow, turned him around and lifted him in the air.

"The antidote!" Batgirl said.

"How did you...?"

Two thug was approaching them from left and right. Batgirl tossed Scarecrow to the office. Thugs punched at the same time, Batgirl dodged punches by crouching and they hit each others. Batgirl kicked thug to the groin, grabbed him from the chest and tossed him towards other thug. Thugs collided and they lost consciousness. There was loud noises coming from down below, Batgirl looked down and saw at least seven thug making their way to the ladders.

"Fear gas should have consumed your mind by now" Scarecrow said.

Batgirl walked to Scarecrow as he tried to get up. She grabbed him from his chest and threw him against the railing.

"Give me the antidote!"

"You don't have guts to do it" Scarecrow laughed.

Batgirl took few fast steps and kicked Scarecrow to the chest. He spun over the railing and fell.

"You're insane!" Scarecrow yelled.

Batgirl took couple smoke pellets from her belt and tossed them near Scarecrow to create smokescreen. Batgirl jumped down from the platform and landed next to Scarecrow who was trying to stand up. She grabbed Scarecrow, yanked him up and pushed him against huge chemical vat.

"Batman isn't here to stop me so I can do anything to you. Give me the antidote Crane!"

"You don't have guts to do it" Scarecrow said again.

Batgirl hit him in the face and kicked him on the stomach with knee.

"The antidote!" Batgirl yelled.

Scarecrow laughed. Few gunshots were fired by thugs but they couldn't see through smokescreen so the bullets hit the wall. Batgirl grabbed Scarecrow from right arm, turned around and tossed him over her shoulder to the floor. She put her foot on his chest and twisted his wrist.

"Last warning Crane!"

"You have rules to follow" Scarecrow laughed.

Batgirl looked him a moment, then she twisted his wrist more until there was loud crackle sound and Scarecrow yelled in pain. She had broken his wrist.

"Give me the antidote!"

"Fine, here take it" Scarecrow gave syringe to her.

Batgirl let go of his hand and took the syringe.

"Inject it into your bloodstream" Scarecrow said.

Batgirl raised her sleeve and injected herself with syringe. Injection worked instantly, she felt her condition getting better. Batgirl lowered her sleeve, Scarecrow suddenly started to laugh. Batgirl kicked him in the face.

"Batgirl! that's enough"

Batgirl turned around, it was her father who was speaking. He had arrived in the Ace Chemical with strike team. Batgirl grabbed grapple gun from her belt and used it to get to the roof.

Batgirl closed skylight and watched as her father and strike team arrested Scarecrow and his thugs. Alfred must have called the police. She closed her eyes, she was finally freed from those horrible seizures. She suddenly became aware that her pants were wet, she had peed herself without noticing it. She knew it wasn't because of fear gas, it was because she was afraid of what she had done. She had been ready to crush every bones in his body, she had been ready to cross the line. Batgirl walked to the edge. While walking she became aware of other thing, a large bulge on her bottom. She didn't know when that had appeared, was it when she arrived to the Ace Chemical or was it when she threatened Scarecrow, at this moment she didn't really care.

It has been 24 hour since her last seizure, Batgirl was sure now that the antidote had really worked. She hadn't been so sure that morning when she woke up and felt strong urge to go to the bathroom even though her bladder wasn't nearly as full as it felt like. She thought that her bladder muscles were still weak because of the kick she received on her bladder during her fight with Catwoman.

"Ordering some new toys?" Alfred asked.

They were in Batcave, Batgirl was examining list of equipments on the Batcomputer.

"This is the complete list of medical- and laboratory equipments stolen in last three days" Batgirl answered.

"Who would steal medical- and laboratory equipments? Rupert Thorne? perhaps our wobbling friend The Penguin?"

"I don't think it is Thorne or The Penguin, it might be just a group of thugs looking for a quick money" Batgirl said.

"How so?"

"These equipments are very expensive and they were stolen in multiple places all over Gotham"

"There is cargo ship coming in Gotham tonight and according to inventory there is some expensive equipment in that ship" Batgirl continued.

"And these thugs might be interested in those equipments?" Alfred said.

"That's right and I'll be waiting for them" Batgirl stood up.

She walked to the Batboat, jumped in and turned on the engine.

"Still no word from Nightwing?" Batgirl asked.

"In my opinion his flight should have landed about an hour ago" Alfred answered.

"Try to call him, I might need some help"

"Will do, Miss"

TO BE CONTINUED

*017*2015-08-14 01:01

Chapter 5

There was no sign of cargo ship at the Dixon Dock or at Port Adams, so she headed for open sea. According to schedule it should be arrived already. She had bad feeling about it so she put Batboat on full throttle. Radio started beeping and Batgirl switched on the connection.

"Go ahead"

"Miss, there is no answer from Nightwing" Alfred said.

"Keep trying"

Suddenly she saw something on the horizon, the cargo ship.

"Alfred I located the cargo ship, I'll send you the coordinates" she pushed few buttons.

"You're miles away from Gotham" Alfred answered.

"Either ship has engine failure or it is under attack"

"Be careful, still no answer from Nightwing"

"I will, Batgirl out" she terminated the connection.

There was medium sized boat next to cargo ship near the rear of the ship, she parked Batboat behind it. Cockpit slid open and she stood up, grabbed grapple gun from her belt and used it to get on board. There was no sign of anyone on her side of the ship. She heard noises from the front of the ship. Batgirl walked towards noises as quiet as she could. Cargo hold was open, Batgirl approached it and peeked inside. Ship's crew was in there, they were on their knees hands behind their heads. Batgirl saw few thugs moving some crates, they looked petty criminals. She jumped down to cargo hold and hid herself behind crates.

"Load them into the boat" male voice said.

Batgirl couldn't see who was talking but it was definitely the ringleader. Thugs grabbed crates and walked to stairs that led to the deck. There was five of them. Then the ringleader walked forward and Batgirl could see him. Vacuum tight cryogenic suit, transparent dome helmet, laser-powered handheld freeze gun.

"Victor Fries? what is he doing in here?" Batgirl thought.

"There's no way you can sell those equipments on the street" one of the crew member said, he looked like a captain.

"I have no intention of selling them" Mr. Freeze said.

"What are you going to do with them? those are state-of-the-art equipments"

"My intentions are not your concern" Mr. Freeze raised freeze gun and pointed it to the captain.

Batgirl grabbed batarang from her belt and was about to throw it when Mr. Freeze suddenly lowered the gun.

"I have no time for this, consider yourself lucky" and he walked to the stairs.

Batgirl waited until Mr. Freeze had left the cargo hold and stood up. She suddenly realised how badly she needed to go to the bathroom.

"Great, why I have to pee right now?!" Batgirl thought.

She put her hands between her legs, squirmed and bit her lips. Pressure in her bladder was growing fast, too fast.

"I need to go to the bathroom" Batgirl gasped, she couldn't help it. Words just came out from her mouth.

"Who's there?" captain asked.

Batgirl bounced few times and then walked normally to the light.

"Batgirl!"

"Shh! I free you guys soon" her bladder muscles ached.

Batgirl walked to the stairs and ascended them, every step she took was torture to her bladder. Deck looked clear, there was no one. She managed to take few steps when suddenly a beam was shot to her legs. Her ankles was trapped in the block of ice, she couldn't move.

"So I was right, I heard them saying your name" Mr. Freeze emerged from the shadows, he had been behind one of the crates.

Mr. Freeze raised his gun and Batgirl did what came into her mind first, she peed in her pants. Despite of what she was doing, she felt herself relieved. Warm urine tingled down her legs. Coldness ascended from the ice block, her legs were freezing and the warm feeling was more than welcome. Luckily this time urine ran down her legs inside costume and didn't spurted out. Wetness in her pants could be only seen from close range. Suddenly something hit Mr. Freeze's hand and his gun dropped.

Batgirl and Mr. Freeze looked up, something was gliding towards them. Black costume, black hair and black visor, Nightwing had arrived. He somersaulted in the air and landed on Mr. Freeze kicking him to the chest with both legs. That didn't really have any effect, Mr. Freeze staggered few steps backward. Nightwing landed on the deck and he continued his attack. He twirled and kicked Mr. Freeze at the same time. Mr. Freeze blocked the kick and grabbed Nightwing from the throat, he lifted him in the air with one hand.

"Nightwing!" Batgirl yelled.

"I have no intention to fight you two right now" Mr. Freeze said and hurled Nightwing to the deck.

Nightwing coughed and stood up while holding his throat, Mr Freeze picked up his gun.

"Freeze let us help you, Wayne Enterprises is willing to help with your condition" Nightwing said.

"That doesn't matter right now, nothing matters now, except my Nora!" Mr. Freeze fired his freeze gun towards Nightwing.

Nightwing dodged the beam, Mr. Freeze aimed at Nightwing again but didn't fire his gun.

"So that's why you are stealing medical equipments!?"

"I'll do anything for my Nora! and you will not stop me" Mr. Freeze fired gun, Nightwing dodged.

After Mr. Freeze fired gun, he turned around and walked away.

"Victor!" Nightwing yelled but Mr. Freeze didn't look back.

"Are you okay?" Batgirl asked.

"Yeah, I got little careless when I saw that Freeze was about to put you in ice" Nightwing answered.

"Could you get me out of this ice, my feets are freezing"

"Yeah sure" Nightwing answered.

He looked around and picked crowbat from nearby crate, then he used it to brake most of the ice block so Batgirl could free her legs. Chills ran through her body but she could still feel the warm feeling between her legs.

"Did Alfred gave you the coordinates?" Batgirl asked.

"I was following a lead, word on the street was that someone is stealing medical equipments and that there is cargo ship coming to Gotham tonight"

"Ship's crew is still tied in cargo hold" Batgirl said.

"I'll free them" Nightwing ran to cargo hold and jumped down.

Batgirl looked around, made sure no one was watching before she started examining her pants. Most of the pee had ran down her legs in back of her pants, there wasn't really any wet spots on the front. After a while Nightwing ran to deck, at the same time there was sound of starting engine. Batgirl and Nightwing ran to the edge of the ship, the boat what had been parked at the rear of the ship was speeding away.

"Hurry up, maybe we can still catch him. Where is the Batboat?" Nightwing said.

"At the rear of the ship" Batgirl answered.

They ran toward the rear, Batgirl was slower because her feets were still numb.

"Oh damn" Nightwing said.

"What?"

"He sank your boat"

Batgirl looked over the railing, Batboat was slowly sinking.

"Oh great, Bruce is gonna be happy"

"Luckily I brought my jet ski, we have to get you to the Batcave" Nightwing pressed button on his glove.

Soon jet ski was coming towards their location from the front of the ship. Batgirl and Nightwing jumped down to jet ski.

Hot chemical bath really did the trick, it felt comfortable. Not too hot or cold, just right. It slowly raised her body temperature to heal frostbites. When they had arrived to the cave, Nightwing had carried Batgirl to chemical bath. Luckily he was so worried about her that he didn't notice that her pants were wet. After this no one would, since she didn't even had time to take her costume off before Nightwing tossed her into the bath.

"How are you feeling Barbara?" Nightwing asked, he had taken off his mask.

"Wonderful, you should try this too" Batgirl answered.

"I think I pass" Nightwing said.

Nightwing walked to Batcomputer and sat down. Alfred descended the stairs with tray, there was two teacup on it. He walked to Nightwing and gave him the first cup.

"Thanks Alfred"

Nightwing started doing something with the Batcomputer, Alfred walked to Batgirl and gave her the cup.

"Thank you Alfred" she took sip from the cup.

"Something on your mind?" she asked looking at Nightwing.

"Victor was even more determined than before, maybe he has found cure for Nora's condition or her condition has gone worse"

"Maybe"

"But in my opinion there is some equipments that he doesn't need, why to steal them?"

Batgirl stood up and got off from the bath, Alfred put blanket around her. She felt great, good as new.

"What does that mean?" Batgirl walked to Nightwing.

"Maybe someone have Nora and that someone is blackmailing Victor to steal certain equipments"

"But who?" Batgirl said.

"Thorne, maybe The Penguin. I try to find some leads, you get some rest" Nightwing stood up.

He walked to Batmobile and put his mask on, he stood there for a few seconds then he walked to Batcycle.

"I borrow this" Nightwing said and turned on the engine.

"I do hope that Master Dick doesn't do anything foolish" Alfred said when Nightwing drove off

"I hope so too" Batgirl said.

It felt like she had only fell asleep when Alfred woke her up.

"I'm sorry to bother you Miss Gordon but it is emergency"

Barbara sat up, she suddenly didn't feel sleepy at all.

"What's wrong?!"

"It's Master Dick, his emergency signal just activated. He is in trouble"

Barbara reached for her clothes but they weren't there.

"Where's my clothes?"

"I thought that you don't need them anymore tonight, so I put them in the washing machine" Alfred apologized.

"Never mind" Barbara said and got up from the bed.

She was only wearing ultramarine bras and panties. She saw Alfred blushing a little when she hastened past him but that was nothing compared to how much she was blushing. Barbara tried to cover herself with her arms while running to Batcave's entrance which was in the library, maybe it wasn't such a good idea to run to entrance while being half naked. She descended to the cave and felt chill running through her body.

"I never realised how cold it is down here"

Alfred had arrived to the cave when she was putting her costume on. Batgirl talked to Alfred while walking to Batmobile.

"Where is the signal coming from?"

"It's coming from GothCorp" Alfred answered.

Batgirl jumped in the Batmobile, turned on the engine and drove off.

From the outside everything seemed to be alright. Batgirl parked Batmobile to the nearest alley, Batcycle was also there. Batgirl jumped out and looked up, there was open ventilation duct. Nightwing must have gone in from there. Batgirl reached for the grapple gun and used it to get to the ventilation duct. There wasn't really any room in the duct, she had to crawl in there. She wasn't really a fan of places like this.

"Great, now I have to pee" Batgirl cursed.

Duct was like a maze, there was turns and shafts. When Batgirl turned into one of the many ways she noticed something, it was getting colder. She knew that she was making way too much noise while crawling but she didn't want to pee herself in a duct. Finally she saw the end of the duct. Batgirl crawled out from the duct and looked around. Everything was covered with ice but it looked like a laboratory.

"Damn it's cold in here" she shivered from coldness.

"Batgirl! over here!" male voice said.

Batgirl walked towards the voice and found him from behind the corner, Nightwing. He was tied to wall from his hands with ice.

"You know, you made a lot of noise when you came here" Nightwing said.

"I know, how did you get caught?"

"I thought that maybe I could find some lead from here and I found Victor"

Batgirl grabbed batarang from her belt and break the ice with it, so Nightwing could get free.

"Where is Victor?" Batgirl asked.

"I gave you one chance to leave me alone, I won't give another" cold male voice said.

Batgirl turned around, Mr. Freeze was standing few step away from them and he was aiming his gun at them. And he pulled the trigger, beam was coming towards Batgirl.

"No!" Nightwing pushed Batgirl aside.

She fell on the floor and slid to the corner, she looked at Nightwing and her heart skipped a beat.

"Nightwing!" she screamed, Nightwing was frozen solid.

"Remarkable yet futile" Mr. Freeze said and aimed at Batgirl.

Batgirl didn't know what to do, reasoning with him was useless and at that range she wouldn't be fast enough to throw batarang. Suddenly she saw steam and it was coming from close by. She looked down, steam was coming from her crotch. She was peeing herself in fear and hot urine evaporated slowly in the coldness. Soon she sat in puddle of urine that evaporated slowly. It was so cold in the laboratory that she didn't even feel the warmness.

"Perhaps you are not as strong minded as Batman thinks" Mr. Freeze said and lowered his gun.

"You have few minutes to save your partner. Can you be so cold blooded that you leave your partner just to get me?"

Mr. Freeze turned around and walked away. Batgirl stood up and hurried to Nightwing, she took batarang from belt and started hitting the ice.

"Come on Dick, you can do it"

Ice started to crack and Nightwing was able to use his own strength to break the ice.

"S...so c...co...cold" Nightwing said.

"It's your time to get hot chemical bath" Batgirl said.

When they arrived to the Batcave, Alfred rushed towards them. Batgirl had informed him about Nightwing's condition and asked him to make initializations. Alfred helped Nightwing out of the car and towards chemical bath.

"I still have to do one thing, can you handle this Alfred?"

"Yes Miss Gordon"

Batgirl activated turntable to turn Batmobile around and drove off. She indeed had one thing to do, she had to change into her spare costume in her apartment since she already made a mess in her other costume. She kept two costumes in her apartment and two in the cave.

She parked Batmobile to the alley near her apartment and used grapple gun to get to the roof of nearby building. She ran across the roof and jumped to the other building's roof. She had to cross that roof to get to her apartment, it was on the other side of that building.

"You still haven't changed your way of working" female voice said.

Batgirl looked left, Catwoman was leaning against funnel.

"What are you talking about?" Batgirl asked.

"I can see it from your eyes, you have wet your pants again haven't you" Catwoman walked towards Batgirl.

Batgirl didn't know what to say, she was mortified. Catwoman revolved around Batgirl and suddenly grabbed her from crotch. Batgirl startled and her bladder control failed again. Luckily her bladder had filled only little but it was enough to soak Catwoman's glove.

"I was right and looks like someone is losing her continence" Catwoman said looking at her glove.

"What are you doing here? what do you want?" Batgirl asked, it was all she could say.

"I was just hanging around when I saw you coming" Catwoman answered.

Catwoman lightly touched Batgirl's cheek and walked past her.

"Well what do we have here?" Catwoman said.

Batgirl didn't need to ask what Catwoman meant because she felt it, apparently bladder control wasn't the only thing she had lost.

"See you later kid" Catwoman said, ran to edge of the roof and jumped down.

Batgirl stood there mortified for a while then looked around, made sure there wasn't anyone else and walked to the edge. She descended in to her apartment. She quickly took a shower and put dirty clothes in the washing machine. When she was putting on her spare costume, her glance wandered around diaper pack which was still there. Maybe she should try them. Catwoman was right, she was losing her continence.

"No! I won't do it" Batgirl said to herself.

She walked to the window and jumped out. For some reason it felt like she had just left something, something that she should have taken with her.

On the next morning Barbara went to Batcave after breakfast. Dick was already there sitting on Batcomputer and examined lists of stolen equipments.

"Found something?" Barbara asked.

"I separated those equipments that Fries need from those he doesn't need" Dick said.

"And?"

"And I can't figure out who would need that kind of equipments or for what purpose" he continued.

"The Penguin?" Barbara asked.

"No, he is in Blackgate"

"Well that leaves Thorne"

"But why would Thorne blackmail Fries?"

"I don't know, let's go ask him"

"Let's hope he doesn't want to sleep long" Dick said smirk on his face.

Thorne's penthouse was heavily guarded but they managed to sneak past the guards without alerting them. Rupert Thorne was sitting behind desk in his office. He had white hair and he was dressed in black suit. Batgirl and Nightwing were on the roof of the penthouse and were looking through skylight. There wasn't any guards in the office, Thorne was reading some papers. There wasn't any way to open skylight so they had to crash through the window.

"What the...!?" Thorne stood up when they crashed through window.

Nightwing jumped over the desk and lifted Thorne against the wall.

"Take it easy Thorne, we just want to talk" Nightwing said.

"Can't you people just use the door? how hard can it be?" Thorne asked.

"Shut up, are you blackmailing Victor Fries?" Nightwing asked.

"Fries?! what would I want from him?" Thorne answered.

"He has been stealing medical equipments and there is equipments that he doesn't need" Batgirl said.

"I don't need medical equipments" Thorne said.

"Well do you know who does?" Nightwing hit Thorne against the wall.

Suddenly there was loud noises from outside the office, it sounded like there was fighting going on. Door shattered and Mr. Freeze walked in, he looked around and grabbed Batgirl from throat. He lifted Batgirl in the air and pointed his freezin gun at Thorne.

"Where is my Nora?"

"Let her go" Nightwing said.

"This doesn't concern you" Mr. Freeze answered.

Batgirl struggled, she couldn't breathe.

"Let her go! you are choking her!" Nightwing said and let go off Thorne to get his hands free.

"Where is Nora!?" Mr. Freeze asked again.

"I don't have your wife" Thorne answered.

"Liar!" Mr. Freeze hurled Batgirl towards balcony door.

Batgirl flew straight through it and landed on the balcony.

"Batgirl!"

Nightwing rushed to Batgirl and helped her up.

"Where is Nora!?" Mr. Freeze walked to Thorne.

"I told you, I don't have your wife!"

"Who has my wife!?"

"I don't know"

Mr. Freeze lifted Thorne in the air and tossed him against the wall.

"Fries stop it, he doesn't know" Nightwing said.

Mr. Freeze aimed at Nightwing and fired. Batgirl and Nightwing jumped out of the beam's way. Four thugs ran into the office.

"Fries! look out!" Nightwing shouted.

But it was too late, thugs fired their tommy guns at Mr. Freeze. Bullets ricocheted from Mr. Freeze's suit but few bullets hit his helmet. His helmet cracked and finally shattered. Steam was rising from helmet and Mr. Freeze fell on his knees and finally on his stomach. Batgirl threw batarangs towards thugs and their guns flew away. Nightwing dashed to them and knocked them out before they could do anything.

"Nora" Mr. Freeze crawled on the floor.

They stood on the street and watched as police officers pushed Mr. Freeze toward ambulance. He was placed in the specially designed capsule. After the shooting Nightwing had called the police.

"Fries, we will find your wife" Nightwing said.

Mr. Freeze nodded briefly and then he was put in the ambulance.

"So Fries was behind those medical equipment robberies" Gordon said.

"Yes but he did it because he was blackmailed, he did it for Nora" Batgirl answered.

"But if it wasn't Thorne, then who has his wife?" Gordon asked.

"We'll find out who has" Nightwing answered.

And after that he and Batgirl ran to Batmobile and drove off.

TO BE CONTINUED

*020*2015-08-14 11:32

{{:

Awesome! It seems there was a messing scene in there with Catwoman but it wasn't really that clear. Is that what happened?

}}

Yes, that's what happened, maybe I should have describe it better.

*022*2015-09-09 22:00

Well that took longer than I thought.

Chapter 6

It was nightfall and they were chasing armoured truck which was stolen from the Bank Of Gotham. They had been on normal patrol when they by coincidence noticed that there was something wrong going on in the bank. Someone opened the backdoor of the truck and shot towards them with tommy gun. Bullets ricocheted off from Batmobile's armour.

"They never learn" Batgirl said little amused.

She was sitting on passenger seat and Nightwing was behind wheel.

"Repetition is the mother of learning" Nightwing said.

Armoured truck turned left on next intersection but had too much speed and crashed in the store. Nightwing stopped Batmobile and jumped out.

"Do you want them or should I take them?" Batgirl asked and jumped out.

Two thugs jumped out from the truck, they both had tommy gun.

"We both take them" Nightwing said.

Thugs started shooting at them, Batgirl ran to right while Nightwing ran to left. Batgirl grabbed batarang from belt and threw it towards thug who was closest. Batarang hit thug to hand and gun flew away, Batgirl dashed towards him. Nightwing had done same thing with other thug and was now fighting with him. Batgirl jumped and kicked thug to chest, thug staggered backward and Batgirl continued her attack. She punched him to the face and kicked to the leg. Thug fell on his back and backed away, he picked up pipe from the floor and stood up. Batgirl walked closer, thug slogged with pipe and Batgirl dodged. She grabbed from the pipe with her right hand and hit thug with left hand. He let go of pipe and staggered backward, Batgirl threw pipe away.

"No, no no no no no no no. Not again" thug said.

Batgirl approached thug, thug looked around and then hit his head against the truck. He fell on the floor unconscious.

"Well that's one way to do it" Batgirl said.

Behind her something crashed against the wall, Batgirl turned around. Thug was lying against the wall upside down, Nightwing walked to thug and made sure that he was unconscious.

"Having fun?" Batgirl asked.

"Extremely" Nightwing answered smiling.

Nightwing removed thug's mask.

"Hey I know this fellow, he is Two-Face's henchman" Nightwing said.

Batgirl walked closer and looked at thug, she also recognized him. He was one of the thugs who had been in the gambling den. Batgirl walked to other thug and removed his mask. He was also familiar, he had been in the gambling den also. There was suddenly noises coming from the other side of the truck.

"Driver" Batgirl said.

Nightwing was already running towards the noise. Batgirl followed him by walking, when she had gone around the truck Nightwing was holding thug against the wall. Nightwing removed thug's mask, he had also been in the gambling den.

"Where is Two-Face?" Nightwing asked.

"I can't tell you that, he'll kill me if I tell" thug answered.

"Then get ready for the pain, I have all night" Nightwing said.

Batgirl walked outside while Nightwing was beating thug and asking where is Two-Face. Batgirl leaned herself against the wall, because of the shooting she started to feel strong urge to go to the bathroom. Situation was not helped by the fact that her bladder muscles had not healed completely yet, in fact in her opinion her continence was getting weaker. Side effect of Scarecrow's fear gas, or was it something else? Batgirl shook her head, tried to clear her thoughts. Something caught her attention, Bat-signal on the sky.

"Nightwing! we have to go. Bat-signal is on the sky" Batgirl said.

"I was done anyway, he ain't talking" Nightwing answered.

Batgirl looked inside the store, Nightwing threw thug to the floor, he was unconscious.

"Maybe you overdid a little" Batgirl notifyed.

"When you have worked with Batman as long as I have, you notice that there is no such thing as 'overdoing' when it comes to interrogation" Nightwing said.

Nightwing and Batgirl walked to Batmobile, at the same time two police car arrived to the scene. Police officers waved at them and went inside the store.

"Commissioner" Nightwing said.

Gordon startled and turned around, Batgirl and Nightwing emerged from the shadows.

"Someday you will cause me a heart attack" Gordon said.

"What's going on?" Nightwing asked.

Gordon suddenly looked serious.

"I just heard about half an hour ago. Last week there was mass breakout from Arkham" Gordon said.

Batgirl glanced at Nightwing and he glanced back.

"Bullock is at the Arkham trying to find out how many escaped. Luckily you have apprehended Joker, Harley, Scarecrow and Fries. And we know that Two-Face is still at large" Gordon explained.

"You alright?" Nightwing asked.

"Just frustrated that Arkham's administrator didn't announced this earlier. Also breakout was executed by someone outside and we have no idea who did it"

Gordon answered.

There was no answer and Gordon looked around, he was alone.

"Next time I bring nailgun and nail their feets to the ground" Gordon muttered.

Batgirl and Nightwing landed next to Batmobile which was parked in the alley and they jumped in.

"Maybe we can find some clues from the scene" Nightwing said while turning on the engine.

"I think I'll skip this" Batgirl said.

Nightwing looked at Batgirl.

"Are you alright?" Nightwing asked.

"Yeah! I'm just tired, that's all" Batgirl answered.

That was a lie, actually she was on the verge of wetting herself.

"Okay I take you back to cave and I go to Arkham to investigate"

"Actually take me to my apartment"

There was no way she could hold it until they reach the cave.

"All right" Nightwing said.

Batgirl climbed through window and rushed towards the bathroom, she was at her limit. She stumbled to the bathroom floor and started peeing in her pants. She quickly stood up, yanked her pants down while still peeing and sat down to toilet. Unfortunately most of the urine had escaped to her pants and to the bathroom floor, so she had to sit on the toilet for a very brief moment. Batgirl undress her clothes and put them in the washing machine, cleaned herself and the floor with towel. Barbara turned on the washing machine, in the morning she would have clean costume. Barbara went to the bedroom and walked to the drawer. She put on pink tank top and was reaching for panties when she halted.

Without thinking she walked to the closet and opened it, she also opened the fake wall in the closet. She picked up the package, walked to the bed and sat down. She rotated the package in her hands, her heart was beating rapidly. Barbara ripped the package open and picked diaper from it. She put the package on the nightstand and looked at diaper more closely. It was identical to Selina's diaper, pull-up and pink. Barbara stood up and put on the diaper. It felt like she was wearing normal panties, only difference was that diaper gave secure feeling. Barbara lay down to bed and fell asleep immediately.

Barbara woke up, it was still dark. Barbara looked at the illuminated clock on the nightstand, it was 7 in the morning. She had seen strange dream, in the dream she had put on a diaper before she went to bed. She suddenly noticed the diaper package on the nightstand, does that mean she had really put on a diaper. Barbara kicked off the quilt and there it was, she really had put on the diaper. But why it felt so strange? Deep down in her mind she knew the answer but she refused to accept it. She touched her crotch with her hand, diaper was definitely wet. It was still extremely warm, apparently she woke up after she had peed. Barbara felt mixed emotions. She was happy that she didn't soak the bed but she was unhappy about what had happened. Despite of that she moved her hand down in the diaper and started fingering herself. Soon she fell asleep.

Barbara startled awake, phone was ringing. Barbara stood up, walked to the phone and picked up the handset.

"Hello?" She said sleepily.

"Barbara! It's Dick, did I woke you up?"

"Actually yeah, what time is it?"

"It's almost midday" Dick answered.

"I was about to wake up anyway. So what's up?" Barbara said.

"I did my investigations in Arkham, apparently someone detonated a hole to the wall and caused some distraction so Arkham inmates could escape"

"Did you find out how many escaped?"

"Yes, every single one of them"

"What?!" Barbara couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"Arkham is empty, only prisoners in there are those which you have apprehended"

"What Arkham's administrator said about the situation?" Barbara asked.

"Apparently same one who helped inmates to escape also intimidated administrator not to tell about it before week has passed"

"So we haven't identified who did it?"

"No" Dick answered and sighed.

"So what now?" Barbara asked.

Barbara hoped that they would soon end their telephone conversation because she had just realised how badly she needed to pee. She refused to pee in the diaper, she didn't want to do it.

"I honestly don't know, we need to collect more information. I try to dig up something"

"I come to Wayne Manor at nightfall" Barbara said.

"Alright, Alfred will pick you up at 8 p.m." Dick answered and hung up the phone.

Barbara put down the handset and rushed to the bathroom, few short spurts escaped in the diaper. She pull down the diaper, sat on the toilet and let out a sigh of relief. Barbara took off the diaper while emptying her bladder and threw it in the trashcan, she hoped that it was the last time she put on the diaper.

Rest of the day Barbara did research on her computer and examined criminal records. She tried to figure out who would need medical equipments and who helped Arkham inmates to escape, was it all done by same person? Barbara was taking notes when popup appeared on the screen, there was address on it. She glanced it, burglar alarm on jewelry store had activated just a few blocks away from her apartment. Barbara quickly walked to the closet, undress her outer clothes and put on the Batgirl's costume. She walked to the window and was about to jump out when she halted, part of her brains told her that something important was missing and she knew what it was. Batgirl walked to the bed and took off her pants and panties. She took diaper from diaper package, put it on and thought that did she really wanted to do it. Despite of that she put pants on, walked to the window and jumped out.

It didn't take long to reach the scene. Batgirl looked down to store from building's roof on the other side of the street. There was big hole cut to the front door of the store and it was easy for Batgirl to figure out who was robbing it. Why it had to be Selina, she could just walk away and let Selina rob the store but she couldn't let that happen and she couldn't avoid Selina for the rest of her life. Batgirl sighed, jumped down and walked to the store. Catwoman was loading jewelries in the bag and wasn't paying attention to the surroundings.

"You're coming with me to the police station" Batgirl said.

Catwoman raised her gaze and smirked.

"Looks like somebody finally grew a backbone" Catwoman jumped over the counter.

"Cut the jokes Catwoman"

Catwoman tilted her head a little to the side and looked Batgirl in the eyes.

"Something is different, you sound confident and your appearance is different" Catwoman walked closer.

Batgirl suddenly got a bad feeling, Catwoman couldn't know it or could she?

"You finally decided to try those diapers I gave to you" Catwoman stated.

Batgirl turned her head, she felt herself blushing.

"Well I'd like to chit-chat but I still have work to do" Catwoman walked past Batgirl.

Batgirl grabbed Catwoman from the arm.

"One way or another you're coming with me" Batgirl said.

"Do you really want to fight me again?" Catwoman asked.

Batgirl kicked Catwoman to the legs but Catwoman jumped backwards.

"Just don't pee yourself this time" Catwoman joked.

Batgirl had enough, Catwoman had pushed it too far. Batgirl dashed towards Catwoman and kicked. Catwoman dodged it, gave a laugh and smirked while Batgirl continued her attack. Catwoman kept on dodging Batgirl's punches and kicks with smirk on her face. Finally Batgirl managed to land a kick to Catwoman's rib, Catwoman staggered and Batgirl hit Catwoman with an uppercut. Catwoman fell on her back, she wiped corner of the mouth with back of the hand and she suddenly looked angry.

"That does it, I'm done being nice to you" Catwoman stood up.

Catwoman attacked and Batgirl was ready, she blocked Catwoman's hits and hit back. They shared kicks and punches but neither of them managed to land a hit. Catwoman took whip from her belt and swung it towards Batgirl's legs, Batgirl jumped backward and threw batarang. Batarang hit Catwoman's hand and she dropped the whip. Catwoman dashed towards Batgirl and shoved her against the wall. Before Batgirl managed to recover, Catwoman kicked her to the abdomen with knee. Batgirl coughed and bend a little, Catwoman kicked again with her knee but this time to Batgirl's bladder. Batgirl felt sharp pain in her bladder muscles and soon diaper was getting wet and warm.

"Not again" Batgirl thought as she fell on all fours.

Catwoman walked to whip, picked it up and put it on her belt. She glanced Batgirl and Batgirl glanced back, her eyes were watery from pain and humiliation.

"I can see that you lost your will to fight. Until next time, see you later kid" Catwoman said and walked away.

Batgirl couldn't move, she was broken and beaten but most of all she was waiting that she stops peeing.

Catwoman's words were echoing in her ears: "Just don't pee yourself this time." Batgirl had never been so unsure about her continence than now, her bladder was aching and it felt like she had to pee all the time. After returning to her apartment she had taken a quick shower before Alfred came to pick her up. This time she had put on a diaper without hesitation and was actually glad that Catwoman had given them to her. But at the same time she was angry because Catwoman was the reason she had to wear them. On their way to Wayne Manor, Alfred told that Dick had went to investigate something two hours ago and Alfred hadn't heard about him since then. Barbara had went straight to Batcave, put on a costume and drove off. She was now driving around Old Gotham. Batgirl pushed buttons on the dashboard.

"Alfred, have you located Batcycle's tracking signal?" Batgirl asked.

"No Miss, tracking device might be malfunctioning" Alfred answered.

"Well, keep trying" Batgirl said.

"Will do, Miss"

Batgirl terminated the connection and at the same time she saw something on the corner of her eye. She quickly stepped on the brake and stopped Batmobile. Someone had just opened manhole and was climbing through it, Batgirl had stopped just in time not to drive over. Batgirl jumped out, figure stood up and Batgirl was able to recognize who it was.

"Nightwing! Alfred has been so wor..." Batgirl fell silent.

Nightwing's costume was ripped from multiple places and he was full of cuts and bruises, he was holding his left shoulder.

"What happened?!" Batgirl hurried to support Nightwing.

"Croc attacked me" Nightwing answered.

"Killer Croc!?" Batgirl helped Nightwing to the passenger seat.

She jumped in the Batmobile and hit the accelerator.

"I was on my way to Blackgate when alarm in gambling den went off, so I went there to see if it was Two-Face" Nightwing explained.

"Why you wanted to go to the Blackgate?" Batgirl glanced Nightwing.

"I wanted to ask few questions from Penguin, anyhow I went to gambling den and then Croc attacked me from the shadows"

"Then why you were in sewers? And where is Batcycle?" Batgirl asked.

"Croc destroyed Batcycle and I chased him to the sewers, that's where he beat me up pretty badly. I barely managed to escape"

Alfred was rushing towards them when they arrived to the cave. Batgirl had informed that Nightwing was seriously injured when Nightwing had lost consciousness on their way to the cave.

"Good heavens! What happened?" Alfred helped Batgirl to carry Nightwing to sickbed.

"Croc attacked him, be careful I think his left shoulder is dislocated"

Alfred began to examine Nightwing's wounds and Batgirl walked to Batcomputer, sat down and removed her mask.

"So it's up to me to protect Gotham" Batgirl said.

"Maybe we should wait for Master Wayne's return, I apologise but I think you can't handle Killer Croc on your own" Alfred suggested.

"No need for apologize. Maybe it would be best to wait but I can't leave Gotham unprotected"

Nightwing groaned quietly, he was regaining consciousness. Batgirl stood up and Alfred leaned closer.

"Master Dick, how are you feeling?" Alfred asked.

"I've been better" Nightwing answered.

"What happened?" Nightwing sat up.

"You lost consciousness soon after I had picked you up" Batgirl answered.

"To think of what could have happened if you hadn't found me" Nightwing said.

Suddenly Batcomputer started beeping and popup appeared on the monitor.

"Police unit just reported to other units that they saw Killer Croc near Amusement Mile" Batgirl looked at monitor.

More information appeared and Batgirl gasped.

"What?" Nightwing asked and tried to stand up but Alfred stopped him.

"My dad is going to the Amusement Mile, I have to go to help him!" Batgirl put her mask on and ran to Batmobile.

"Wait, I'm coming with you" Nightwing tried to stand up but Alfred stopped him again.

"You're not going anywhere" Alfred said.

"Sorry Dick, you're in no shape to help" Batgirl jumped in the Batmobile.

She used turntable to turn Batmobile around and drove off.

Multiple police units were outside Amusement Mile and Gordon was giving orders to them. Batgirl parked Batmobile further away, it would be better if she finds Killer Croc first. She used grapple gun to get over the fence. Batgirl looked around, there was plenty of places where Croc could be hiding. She had to start from somewhere, so she walked forward while looking around. Every booth what she checked looked empty, she arrived on the open space and stopped to think. There was some noises coming from behind her, she turned around and saw metal rack flying towards her. Batgirl didn't had time to dodge it and it hit her very hard, Batgirl flew in the booth and was stuck under the rack.

"Gotcha!"

Figure with lumpy gray skin, blue pants, razor-sharp teeth and claws approached her. Killer Croc laughed when Batgirl tried to break free, rack was heavy and she couldn't move it. Strange feeling spread in her lower abdomen and then without any warning the feeling disappeared and she felt a bulge on her bottom. Oh heck, why she had to lose the control of her bowel now? Batgirl tried to move the rack again but without success, she was in trouble. Batgirl became distressed, however diaper gave her secure feeling and she was able to keep her fear in control, able to control her bladder.

TO BE CONTINUED

