Secret pages of Batgirl's diary

Author: Ducklett00

*017*2015-08-14 01:01

Chapter 5

There was no sign of cargo ship at the Dixon Dock or at Port Adams, so she headed for open sea. According to schedule it should be arrived already. She had bad feeling about it so she put Batboat on full throttle. Radio started beeping and Batgirl switched on the connection.

"Go ahead"

"Miss, there is no answer from Nightwing" Alfred said.

"Keep trying"

Suddenly she saw something on the horizon, the cargo ship.

"Alfred I located the cargo ship, I'll send you the coordinates" she pushed few buttons.

"You're miles away from Gotham" Alfred answered.

"Either ship has engine failure or it is under attack"

"Be careful, still no answer from Nightwing"

"I will, Batgirl out" she terminated the connection.

There was medium sized boat next to cargo ship near the rear of the ship, she parked Batboat behind it. Cockpit slid open and she stood up, grabbed grapple gun from her belt and used it to get on board. There was no sign of anyone on her side of the ship. She heard noises from the front of the ship. Batgirl walked towards noises as quiet as she could. Cargo hold was open, Batgirl approached it and peeked inside. Ship's crew was in there, they were on their knees hands behind their heads. Batgirl saw few thugs moving some crates, they looked petty criminals. She jumped down to cargo hold and hid herself behind crates.

"Load them into the boat" male voice said.

Batgirl couldn't see who was talking but it was definitely the ringleader. Thugs grabbed crates and walked to stairs that led to the deck. There was five of them. Then the ringleader walked forward and Batgirl could see him. Vacuum tight cryogenic suit, transparent dome helmet, laser-powered handheld freeze gun.

"Victor Fries? what is he doing in here?" Batgirl thought.

"There's no way you can sell those equipments on the street" one of the crew member said, he looked like a captain.

"I have no intention of selling them" Mr. Freeze said.

"What are you going to do with them? those are state-of-the-art equipments"

"My intentions are not your concern" Mr. Freeze raised freeze gun and pointed it to the captain.

Batgirl grabbed batarang from her belt and was about to throw it when Mr. Freeze suddenly lowered the gun.

"I have no time for this, consider yourself lucky" and he walked to the stairs.

Batgirl waited until Mr. Freeze had left the cargo hold and stood up. She suddenly realised how badly she needed to go to the bathroom.

"Great, why I have to pee right now?!" Batgirl thought.

She put her hands between her legs, squirmed and bit her lips. Pressure in her bladder was growing fast, too fast.

"I need to go to the bathroom" Batgirl gasped, she couldn't help it. Words just came out from her mouth.

"Who's there?" captain asked.

Batgirl bounced few times and then walked normally to the light.

"Batgirl!"

"Shh! I free you guys soon" her bladder muscles ached.

Batgirl walked to the stairs and ascended them, every step she took was torture to her bladder. Deck looked clear, there was no one. She managed to take few steps when suddenly a beam was shot to her legs. Her ankles was trapped in the block of ice, she couldn't move.

"So I was right, I heard them saying your name" Mr. Freeze emerged from the shadows, he had been behind one of the crates.

Mr. Freeze raised his gun and Batgirl did what came into her mind first, she peed in her pants. Despite of what she was doing, she felt herself relieved. Warm urine tingled down her legs. Coldness ascended from the ice block, her legs were freezing and the warm feeling was more than welcome. Luckily this time urine ran down her legs inside costume and didn't spurted out. Wetness in her pants could be only seen from close range. Suddenly something hit Mr. Freeze's hand and his gun dropped.

Batgirl and Mr. Freeze looked up, something was gliding towards them. Black costume, black hair and black visor, Nightwing had arrived. He somersaulted in the air and landed on Mr. Freeze kicking him to the chest with both legs. That didn't really have any effect, Mr. Freeze staggered few steps backward. Nightwing landed on the deck and he continued his attack. He twirled and kicked Mr. Freeze at the same time. Mr. Freeze blocked the kick and grabbed Nightwing from the throat, he lifted him in the air with one hand.

"Nightwing!" Batgirl yelled.

"I have no intention to fight you two right now" Mr. Freeze said and hurled Nightwing to the deck.

Nightwing coughed and stood up while holding his throat, Mr Freeze picked up his gun.

"Freeze let us help you, Wayne Enterprises is willing to help with your condition" Nightwing said.

"That doesn't matter right now, nothing matters now, except my Nora!" Mr. Freeze fired his freeze gun towards Nightwing.

Nightwing dodged the beam, Mr. Freeze aimed at Nightwing again but didn't fire his gun.

"So that's why you are stealing medical equipments!?"

"I'll do anything for my Nora! and you will not stop me" Mr. Freeze fired gun, Nightwing dodged.

After Mr. Freeze fired gun, he turned around and walked away.

"Victor!" Nightwing yelled but Mr. Freeze didn't look back.

"Are you okay?" Batgirl asked.

"Yeah, I got little careless when I saw that Freeze was about to put you in ice" Nightwing answered.

"Could you get me out of this ice, my feets are freezing"

"Yeah sure" Nightwing answered.

He looked around and picked crowbat from nearby crate, then he used it to brake most of the ice block so Batgirl could free her legs. Chills ran through her body but she could still feel the warm feeling between her legs.

"Did Alfred gave you the coordinates?" Batgirl asked.

"I was following a lead, word on the street was that someone is stealing medical equipments and that there is cargo ship coming to Gotham tonight"

"Ship's crew is still tied in cargo hold" Batgirl said.

"I'll free them" Nightwing ran to cargo hold and jumped down.

Batgirl looked around, made sure no one was watching before she started examining her pants. Most of the pee had ran down her legs in back of her pants, there wasn't really any wet spots on the front. After a while Nightwing ran to deck, at the same time there was sound of starting engine. Batgirl and Nightwing ran to the edge of the ship, the boat what had been parked at the rear of the ship was speeding away.

"Hurry up, maybe we can still catch him. Where is the Batboat?" Nightwing said.

"At the rear of the ship" Batgirl answered.

They ran toward the rear, Batgirl was slower because her feets were still numb.

"Oh damn" Nightwing said.

"What?"

"He sank your boat"

Batgirl looked over the railing, Batboat was slowly sinking.

"Oh great, Bruce is gonna be happy"

"Luckily I brought my jet ski, we have to get you to the Batcave" Nightwing pressed button on his glove.

Soon jet ski was coming towards their location from the front of the ship. Batgirl and Nightwing jumped down to jet ski.

Hot chemical bath really did the trick, it felt comfortable. Not too hot or cold, just right. It slowly raised her body temperature to heal frostbites. When they had arrived to the cave, Nightwing had carried Batgirl to chemical bath. Luckily he was so worried about her that he didn't notice that her pants were wet. After this no one would, since she didn't even had time to take her costume off before Nightwing tossed her into the bath.

"How are you feeling Barbara?" Nightwing asked, he had taken off his mask.

"Wonderful, you should try this too" Batgirl answered.

"I think I pass" Nightwing said.

Nightwing walked to Batcomputer and sat down. Alfred descended the stairs with tray, there was two teacup on it. He walked to Nightwing and gave him the first cup.

"Thanks Alfred"

Nightwing started doing something with the Batcomputer, Alfred walked to Batgirl and gave her the cup.

"Thank you Alfred" she took sip from the cup.

"Something on your mind?" she asked looking at Nightwing.

"Victor was even more determined than before, maybe he has found cure for Nora's condition or her condition has gone worse"

"Maybe"

"But in my opinion there is some equipments that he doesn't need, why to steal them?"

Batgirl stood up and got off from the bath, Alfred put blanket around her. She felt great, good as new.

"What does that mean?" Batgirl walked to Nightwing.

"Maybe someone have Nora and that someone is blackmailing Victor to steal certain equipments"

"But who?" Batgirl said.

"Thorne, maybe The Penguin. I try to find some leads, you get some rest" Nightwing stood up.

He walked to Batmobile and put his mask on, he stood there for a few seconds then he walked to Batcycle.

"I borrow this" Nightwing said and turned on the engine.

"I do hope that Master Dick doesn't do anything foolish" Alfred said when Nightwing drove off

"I hope so too" Batgirl said.

It felt like she had only fell asleep when Alfred woke her up.

"I'm sorry to bother you Miss Gordon but it is emergency"

Barbara sat up, she suddenly didn't feel sleepy at all.

"What's wrong?!"

"It's Master Dick, his emergency signal just activated. He is in trouble"

Barbara reached for her clothes but they weren't there.

"Where's my clothes?"

"I thought that you don't need them anymore tonight, so I put them in the washing machine" Alfred apologized.

"Never mind" Barbara said and got up from the bed.

She was only wearing ultramarine bras and panties. She saw Alfred blushing a little when she hastened past him but that was nothing compared to how much she was blushing. Barbara tried to cover herself with her arms while running to Batcave's entrance which was in the library, maybe it wasn't such a good idea to run to entrance while being half naked. She descended to the cave and felt chill running through her body.

"I never realised how cold it is down here"

Alfred had arrived to the cave when she was putting her costume on. Batgirl talked to Alfred while walking to Batmobile.

"Where is the signal coming from?"

"It's coming from GothCorp" Alfred answered.

Batgirl jumped in the Batmobile, turned on the engine and drove off.

From the outside everything seemed to be alright. Batgirl parked Batmobile to the nearest alley, Batcycle was also there. Batgirl jumped out and looked up, there was open ventilation duct. Nightwing must have gone in from there. Batgirl reached for the grapple gun and used it to get to the ventilation duct. There wasn't really any room in the duct, she had to crawl in there. She wasn't really a fan of places like this.

"Great, now I have to pee" Batgirl cursed.

Duct was like a maze, there was turns and shafts. When Batgirl turned into one of the many ways she noticed something, it was getting colder. She knew that she was making way too much noise while crawling but she didn't want to pee herself in a duct. Finally she saw the end of the duct. Batgirl crawled out from the duct and looked around. Everything was covered with ice but it looked like a laboratory.

"Damn it's cold in here" she shivered from coldness.

"Batgirl! over here!" male voice said.

Batgirl walked towards the voice and found him from behind the corner, Nightwing. He was tied to wall from his hands with ice.

"You know, you made a lot of noise when you came here" Nightwing said.

"I know, how did you get caught?"

"I thought that maybe I could find some lead from here and I found Victor"

Batgirl grabbed batarang from her belt and break the ice with it, so Nightwing could get free.

"Where is Victor?" Batgirl asked.

"I gave you one chance to leave me alone, I won't give another" cold male voice said.

Batgirl turned around, Mr. Freeze was standing few step away from them and he was aiming his gun at them. And he pulled the trigger, beam was coming towards Batgirl.

"No!" Nightwing pushed Batgirl aside.

She fell on the floor and slid to the corner, she looked at Nightwing and her heart skipped a beat.

"Nightwing!" she screamed, Nightwing was frozen solid.

"Remarkable yet futile" Mr. Freeze said and aimed at Batgirl.

Batgirl didn't know what to do, reasoning with him was useless and at that range she wouldn't be fast enough to throw batarang. Suddenly she saw steam and it was coming from close by. She looked down, steam was coming from her crotch. She was peeing herself in fear and hot urine evaporated slowly in the coldness. Soon she sat in puddle of urine that evaporated slowly. It was so cold in the laboratory that she didn't even feel the warmness.

"Perhaps you are not as strong minded as Batman thinks" Mr. Freeze said and lowered his gun.

"You have few minutes to save your partner. Can you be so cold blooded that you leave your partner just to get me?"

Mr. Freeze turned around and walked away. Batgirl stood up and hurried to Nightwing, she took batarang from belt and started hitting the ice.

"Come on Dick, you can do it"

Ice started to crack and Nightwing was able to use his own strength to break the ice.

"S...so c...co...cold" Nightwing said.

"It's your time to get hot chemical bath" Batgirl said.

When they arrived to the Batcave, Alfred rushed towards them. Batgirl had informed him about Nightwing's condition and asked him to make initializations. Alfred helped Nightwing out of the car and towards chemical bath.

"I still have to do one thing, can you handle this Alfred?"

"Yes Miss Gordon"

Batgirl activated turntable to turn Batmobile around and drove off. She indeed had one thing to do, she had to change into her spare costume in her apartment since she already made a mess in her other costume. She kept two costumes in her apartment and two in the cave.

She parked Batmobile to the alley near her apartment and used grapple gun to get to the roof of nearby building. She ran across the roof and jumped to the other building's roof. She had to cross that roof to get to her apartment, it was on the other side of that building.

"You still haven't changed your way of working" female voice said.

Batgirl looked left, Catwoman was leaning against funnel.

"What are you talking about?" Batgirl asked.

"I can see it from your eyes, you have wet your pants again haven't you" Catwoman walked towards Batgirl.

Batgirl didn't know what to say, she was mortified. Catwoman revolved around Batgirl and suddenly grabbed her from crotch. Batgirl startled and her bladder control failed again. Luckily her bladder had filled only little but it was enough to soak Catwoman's glove.

"I was right and looks like someone is losing her continence" Catwoman said looking at her glove.

"What are you doing here? what do you want?" Batgirl asked, it was all she could say.

"I was just hanging around when I saw you coming" Catwoman answered.

Catwoman lightly touched Batgirl's cheek and walked past her.

"Well what do we have here?" Catwoman said.

Batgirl didn't need to ask what Catwoman meant because she felt it, apparently bladder control wasn't the only thing she had lost.

"See you later kid" Catwoman said, ran to edge of the roof and jumped down.

Batgirl stood there mortified for a while then looked around, made sure there wasn't anyone else and walked to the edge. She descended in to her apartment. She quickly took a shower and put dirty clothes in the washing machine. When she was putting on her spare costume, her glance wandered around diaper pack which was still there. Maybe she should try them. Catwoman was right, she was losing her continence.

"No! I won't do it" Batgirl said to herself.

She walked to the window and jumped out. For some reason it felt like she had just left something, something that she should have taken with her.

On the next morning Barbara went to Batcave after breakfast. Dick was already there sitting on Batcomputer and examined lists of stolen equipments.

"Found something?" Barbara asked.

"I separated those equipments that Fries need from those he doesn't need" Dick said.

"And?"

"And I can't figure out who would need that kind of equipments or for what purpose" he continued.

"The Penguin?" Barbara asked.

"No, he is in Blackgate"

"Well that leaves Thorne"

"But why would Thorne blackmail Fries?"

"I don't know, let's go ask him"

"Let's hope he doesn't want to sleep long" Dick said smirk on his face.

Thorne's penthouse was heavily guarded but they managed to sneak past the guards without alerting them. Rupert Thorne was sitting behind desk in his office. He had white hair and he was dressed in black suit. Batgirl and Nightwing were on the roof of the penthouse and were looking through skylight. There wasn't any guards in the office, Thorne was reading some papers. There wasn't any way to open skylight so they had to crash through the window.

"What the...!?" Thorne stood up when they crashed through window.

Nightwing jumped over the desk and lifted Thorne against the wall.

"Take it easy Thorne, we just want to talk" Nightwing said.

"Can't you people just use the door? how hard can it be?" Thorne asked.

"Shut up, are you blackmailing Victor Fries?" Nightwing asked.

"Fries?! what would I want from him?" Thorne answered.

"He has been stealing medical equipments and there is equipments that he doesn't need" Batgirl said.

"I don't need medical equipments" Thorne said.

"Well do you know who does?" Nightwing hit Thorne against the wall.

Suddenly there was loud noises from outside the office, it sounded like there was fighting going on. Door shattered and Mr. Freeze walked in, he looked around and grabbed Batgirl from throat. He lifted Batgirl in the air and pointed his freezin gun at Thorne.

"Where is my Nora?"

"Let her go" Nightwing said.

"This doesn't concern you" Mr. Freeze answered.

Batgirl struggled, she couldn't breathe.

"Let her go! you are choking her!" Nightwing said and let go off Thorne to get his hands free.

"Where is Nora!?" Mr. Freeze asked again.

"I don't have your wife" Thorne answered.

"Liar!" Mr. Freeze hurled Batgirl towards balcony door.

Batgirl flew straight through it and landed on the balcony.

"Batgirl!"

Nightwing rushed to Batgirl and helped her up.

"Where is Nora!?" Mr. Freeze walked to Thorne.

"I told you, I don't have your wife!"

"Who has my wife!?"

"I don't know"

Mr. Freeze lifted Thorne in the air and tossed him against the wall.

"Fries stop it, he doesn't know" Nightwing said.

Mr. Freeze aimed at Nightwing and fired. Batgirl and Nightwing jumped out of the beam's way. Four thugs ran into the office.

"Fries! look out!" Nightwing shouted.

But it was too late, thugs fired their tommy guns at Mr. Freeze. Bullets ricocheted from Mr. Freeze's suit but few bullets hit his helmet. His helmet cracked and finally shattered. Steam was rising from helmet and Mr. Freeze fell on his knees and finally on his stomach. Batgirl threw batarangs towards thugs and their guns flew away. Nightwing dashed to them and knocked them out before they could do anything.

"Nora" Mr. Freeze crawled on the floor.

They stood on the street and watched as police officers pushed Mr. Freeze toward ambulance. He was placed in the specially designed capsule. After the shooting Nightwing had called the police.

"Fries, we will find your wife" Nightwing said.

Mr. Freeze nodded briefly and then he was put in the ambulance.

"So Fries was behind those medical equipment robberies" Gordon said.

"Yes but he did it because he was blackmailed, he did it for Nora" Batgirl answered.

"But if it wasn't Thorne, then who has his wife?" Gordon asked.

"We'll find out who has" Nightwing answered.

And after that he and Batgirl ran to Batmobile and drove off.

TO BE CONTINUED

*020*2015-08-14 11:32

{{:

Awesome! It seems there was a messing scene in there with Catwoman but it wasn't really that clear. Is that what happened?

}}

Yes, that's what happened, maybe I should have describe it better.

*022*2015-09-09 22:00

Well that took longer than I thought.

Chapter 6

It was nightfall and they were chasing armoured truck which was stolen from the Bank Of Gotham. They had been on normal patrol when they by coincidence noticed that there was something wrong going on in the bank. Someone opened the backdoor of the truck and shot towards them with tommy gun. Bullets ricocheted off from Batmobile's armour.

"They never learn" Batgirl said little amused.

She was sitting on passenger seat and Nightwing was behind wheel.

"Repetition is the mother of learning" Nightwing said.

Armoured truck turned left on next intersection but had too much speed and crashed in the store. Nightwing stopped Batmobile and jumped out.

"Do you want them or should I take them?" Batgirl asked and jumped out.

Two thugs jumped out from the truck, they both had tommy gun.

"We both take them" Nightwing said.

Thugs started shooting at them, Batgirl ran to right while Nightwing ran to left. Batgirl grabbed batarang from belt and threw it towards thug who was closest. Batarang hit thug to hand and gun flew away, Batgirl dashed towards him. Nightwing had done same thing with other thug and was now fighting with him. Batgirl jumped and kicked thug to chest, thug staggered backward and Batgirl continued her attack. She punched him to the face and kicked to the leg. Thug fell on his back and backed away, he picked up pipe from the floor and stood up. Batgirl walked closer, thug slogged with pipe and Batgirl dodged. She grabbed from the pipe with her right hand and hit thug with left hand. He let go of pipe and staggered backward, Batgirl threw pipe away.

"No, no no no no no no no. Not again" thug said.

Batgirl approached thug, thug looked around and then hit his head against the truck. He fell on the floor unconscious.

"Well that's one way to do it" Batgirl said.

Behind her something crashed against the wall, Batgirl turned around. Thug was lying against the wall upside down, Nightwing walked to thug and made sure that he was unconscious.

"Having fun?" Batgirl asked.

"Extremely" Nightwing answered smiling.

Nightwing removed thug's mask.

"Hey I know this fellow, he is Two-Face's henchman" Nightwing said.

Batgirl walked closer and looked at thug, she also recognized him. He was one of the thugs who had been in the gambling den. Batgirl walked to other thug and removed his mask. He was also familiar, he had been in the gambling den also. There was suddenly noises coming from the other side of the truck.

"Driver" Batgirl said.

Nightwing was already running towards the noise. Batgirl followed him by walking, when she had gone around the truck Nightwing was holding thug against the wall. Nightwing removed thug's mask, he had also been in the gambling den.

"Where is Two-Face?" Nightwing asked.

"I can't tell you that, he'll kill me if I tell" thug answered.

"Then get ready for the pain, I have all night" Nightwing said.

Batgirl walked outside while Nightwing was beating thug and asking where is Two-Face. Batgirl leaned herself against the wall, because of the shooting she started to feel strong urge to go to the bathroom. Situation was not helped by the fact that her bladder muscles had not healed completely yet, in fact in her opinion her continence was getting weaker. Side effect of Scarecrow's fear gas, or was it something else? Batgirl shook her head, tried to clear her thoughts. Something caught her attention, Bat-signal on the sky.

"Nightwing! we have to go. Bat-signal is on the sky" Batgirl said.

"I was done anyway, he ain't talking" Nightwing answered.

Batgirl looked inside the store, Nightwing threw thug to the floor, he was unconscious.

"Maybe you overdid a little" Batgirl notifyed.

"When you have worked with Batman as long as I have, you notice that there is no such thing as 'overdoing' when it comes to interrogation" Nightwing said.

Nightwing and Batgirl walked to Batmobile, at the same time two police car arrived to the scene. Police officers waved at them and went inside the store.

"Commissioner" Nightwing said.

Gordon startled and turned around, Batgirl and Nightwing emerged from the shadows.

"Someday you will cause me a heart attack" Gordon said.

"What's going on?" Nightwing asked.

Gordon suddenly looked serious.

"I just heard about half an hour ago. Last week there was mass breakout from Arkham" Gordon said.

Batgirl glanced at Nightwing and he glanced back.

"Bullock is at the Arkham trying to find out how many escaped. Luckily you have apprehended Joker, Harley, Scarecrow and Fries. And we know that Two-Face is still at large" Gordon explained.

"You alright?" Nightwing asked.

"Just frustrated that Arkham's administrator didn't announced this earlier. Also breakout was executed by someone outside and we have no idea who did it"

Gordon answered.

There was no answer and Gordon looked around, he was alone.

"Next time I bring nailgun and nail their feets to the ground" Gordon muttered.

Batgirl and Nightwing landed next to Batmobile which was parked in the alley and they jumped in.

"Maybe we can find some clues from the scene" Nightwing said while turning on the engine.

"I think I'll skip this" Batgirl said.

Nightwing looked at Batgirl.

"Are you alright?" Nightwing asked.

"Yeah! I'm just tired, that's all" Batgirl answered.

That was a lie, actually she was on the verge of wetting herself.

"Okay I take you back to cave and I go to Arkham to investigate"

"Actually take me to my apartment"

There was no way she could hold it until they reach the cave.

"All right" Nightwing said.

Batgirl climbed through window and rushed towards the bathroom, she was at her limit. She stumbled to the bathroom floor and started peeing in her pants. She quickly stood up, yanked her pants down while still peeing and sat down to toilet. Unfortunately most of the urine had escaped to her pants and to the bathroom floor, so she had to sit on the toilet for a very brief moment. Batgirl undress her clothes and put them in the washing machine, cleaned herself and the floor with towel. Barbara turned on the washing machine, in the morning she would have clean costume. Barbara went to the bedroom and walked to the drawer. She put on pink tank top and was reaching for panties when she halted.

Without thinking she walked to the closet and opened it, she also opened the fake wall in the closet. She picked up the package, walked to the bed and sat down. She rotated the package in her hands, her heart was beating rapidly. Barbara ripped the package open and picked diaper from it. She put the package on the nightstand and looked at diaper more closely. It was identical to Selina's diaper, pull-up and pink. Barbara stood up and put on the diaper. It felt like she was wearing normal panties, only difference was that diaper gave secure feeling. Barbara lay down to bed and fell asleep immediately.

Barbara woke up, it was still dark. Barbara looked at the illuminated clock on the nightstand, it was 7 in the morning. She had seen strange dream, in the dream she had put on a diaper before she went to bed. She suddenly noticed the diaper package on the nightstand, does that mean she had really put on a diaper. Barbara kicked off the quilt and there it was, she really had put on the diaper. But why it felt so strange? Deep down in her mind she knew the answer but she refused to accept it. She touched her crotch with her hand, diaper was definitely wet. It was still extremely warm, apparently she woke up after she had peed. Barbara felt mixed emotions. She was happy that she didn't soak the bed but she was unhappy about what had happened. Despite of that she moved her hand down in the diaper and started fingering herself. Soon she fell asleep.

Barbara startled awake, phone was ringing. Barbara stood up, walked to the phone and picked up the handset.

"Hello?" She said sleepily.

"Barbara! It's Dick, did I woke you up?"

"Actually yeah, what time is it?"

"It's almost midday" Dick answered.

"I was about to wake up anyway. So what's up?" Barbara said.

"I did my investigations in Arkham, apparently someone detonated a hole to the wall and caused some distraction so Arkham inmates could escape"

"Did you find out how many escaped?"

"Yes, every single one of them"

"What?!" Barbara couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"Arkham is empty, only prisoners in there are those which you have apprehended"

"What Arkham's administrator said about the situation?" Barbara asked.

"Apparently same one who helped inmates to escape also intimidated administrator not to tell about it before week has passed"

"So we haven't identified who did it?"

"No" Dick answered and sighed.

"So what now?" Barbara asked.

Barbara hoped that they would soon end their telephone conversation because she had just realised how badly she needed to pee. She refused to pee in the diaper, she didn't want to do it.

"I honestly don't know, we need to collect more information. I try to dig up something"

"I come to Wayne Manor at nightfall" Barbara said.

"Alright, Alfred will pick you up at 8 p.m." Dick answered and hung up the phone.

Barbara put down the handset and rushed to the bathroom, few short spurts escaped in the diaper. She pull down the diaper, sat on the toilet and let out a sigh of relief. Barbara took off the diaper while emptying her bladder and threw it in the trashcan, she hoped that it was the last time she put on the diaper.

Rest of the day Barbara did research on her computer and examined criminal records. She tried to figure out who would need medical equipments and who helped Arkham inmates to escape, was it all done by same person? Barbara was taking notes when popup appeared on the screen, there was address on it. She glanced it, burglar alarm on jewelry store had activated just a few blocks away from her apartment. Barbara quickly walked to the closet, undress her outer clothes and put on the Batgirl's costume. She walked to the window and was about to jump out when she halted, part of her brains told her that something important was missing and she knew what it was. Batgirl walked to the bed and took off her pants and panties. She took diaper from diaper package, put it on and thought that did she really wanted to do it. Despite of that she put pants on, walked to the window and jumped out.

It didn't take long to reach the scene. Batgirl looked down to store from building's roof on the other side of the street. There was big hole cut to the front door of the store and it was easy for Batgirl to figure out who was robbing it. Why it had to be Selina, she could just walk away and let Selina rob the store but she couldn't let that happen and she couldn't avoid Selina for the rest of her life. Batgirl sighed, jumped down and walked to the store. Catwoman was loading jewelries in the bag and wasn't paying attention to the surroundings.

"You're coming with me to the police station" Batgirl said.

Catwoman raised her gaze and smirked.

"Looks like somebody finally grew a backbone" Catwoman jumped over the counter.

"Cut the jokes Catwoman"

Catwoman tilted her head a little to the side and looked Batgirl in the eyes.

"Something is different, you sound confident and your appearance is different" Catwoman walked closer.

Batgirl suddenly got a bad feeling, Catwoman couldn't know it or could she?

"You finally decided to try those diapers I gave to you" Catwoman stated.

Batgirl turned her head, she felt herself blushing.

"Well I'd like to chit-chat but I still have work to do" Catwoman walked past Batgirl.

Batgirl grabbed Catwoman from the arm.

"One way or another you're coming with me" Batgirl said.

"Do you really want to fight me again?" Catwoman asked.

Batgirl kicked Catwoman to the legs but Catwoman jumped backwards.

"Just don't pee yourself this time" Catwoman joked.

Batgirl had enough, Catwoman had pushed it too far. Batgirl dashed towards Catwoman and kicked. Catwoman dodged it, gave a laugh and smirked while Batgirl continued her attack. Catwoman kept on dodging Batgirl's punches and kicks with smirk on her face. Finally Batgirl managed to land a kick to Catwoman's rib, Catwoman staggered and Batgirl hit Catwoman with an uppercut. Catwoman fell on her back, she wiped corner of the mouth with back of the hand and she suddenly looked angry.

"That does it, I'm done being nice to you" Catwoman stood up.

Catwoman attacked and Batgirl was ready, she blocked Catwoman's hits and hit back. They shared kicks and punches but neither of them managed to land a hit. Catwoman took whip from her belt and swung it towards Batgirl's legs, Batgirl jumped backward and threw batarang. Batarang hit Catwoman's hand and she dropped the whip. Catwoman dashed towards Batgirl and shoved her against the wall. Before Batgirl managed to recover, Catwoman kicked her to the abdomen with knee. Batgirl coughed and bend a little, Catwoman kicked again with her knee but this time to Batgirl's bladder. Batgirl felt sharp pain in her bladder muscles and soon diaper was getting wet and warm.

"Not again" Batgirl thought as she fell on all fours.

Catwoman walked to whip, picked it up and put it on her belt. She glanced Batgirl and Batgirl glanced back, her eyes were watery from pain and humiliation.

"I can see that you lost your will to fight. Until next time, see you later kid" Catwoman said and walked away.

Batgirl couldn't move, she was broken and beaten but most of all she was waiting that she stops peeing.

Catwoman's words were echoing in her ears: "Just don't pee yourself this time." Batgirl had never been so unsure about her continence than now, her bladder was aching and it felt like she had to pee all the time. After returning to her apartment she had taken a quick shower before Alfred came to pick her up. This time she had put on a diaper without hesitation and was actually glad that Catwoman had given them to her. But at the same time she was angry because Catwoman was the reason she had to wear them. On their way to Wayne Manor, Alfred told that Dick had went to investigate something two hours ago and Alfred hadn't heard about him since then. Barbara had went straight to Batcave, put on a costume and drove off. She was now driving around Old Gotham. Batgirl pushed buttons on the dashboard.

"Alfred, have you located Batcycle's tracking signal?" Batgirl asked.

"No Miss, tracking device might be malfunctioning" Alfred answered.

"Well, keep trying" Batgirl said.

"Will do, Miss"

Batgirl terminated the connection and at the same time she saw something on the corner of her eye. She quickly stepped on the brake and stopped Batmobile. Someone had just opened manhole and was climbing through it, Batgirl had stopped just in time not to drive over. Batgirl jumped out, figure stood up and Batgirl was able to recognize who it was.

"Nightwing! Alfred has been so wor..." Batgirl fell silent.

Nightwing's costume was ripped from multiple places and he was full of cuts and bruises, he was holding his left shoulder.

"What happened?!" Batgirl hurried to support Nightwing.

"Croc attacked me" Nightwing answered.

"Killer Croc!?" Batgirl helped Nightwing to the passenger seat.

She jumped in the Batmobile and hit the accelerator.

"I was on my way to Blackgate when alarm in gambling den went off, so I went there to see if it was Two-Face" Nightwing explained.

"Why you wanted to go to the Blackgate?" Batgirl glanced Nightwing.

"I wanted to ask few questions from Penguin, anyhow I went to gambling den and then Croc attacked me from the shadows"

"Then why you were in sewers? And where is Batcycle?" Batgirl asked.

"Croc destroyed Batcycle and I chased him to the sewers, that's where he beat me up pretty badly. I barely managed to escape"

Alfred was rushing towards them when they arrived to the cave. Batgirl had informed that Nightwing was seriously injured when Nightwing had lost consciousness on their way to the cave.

"Good heavens! What happened?" Alfred helped Batgirl to carry Nightwing to sickbed.

"Croc attacked him, be careful I think his left shoulder is dislocated"

Alfred began to examine Nightwing's wounds and Batgirl walked to Batcomputer, sat down and removed her mask.

"So it's up to me to protect Gotham" Batgirl said.

"Maybe we should wait for Master Wayne's return, I apologise but I think you can't handle Killer Croc on your own" Alfred suggested.

"No need for apologize. Maybe it would be best to wait but I can't leave Gotham unprotected"

Nightwing groaned quietly, he was regaining consciousness. Batgirl stood up and Alfred leaned closer.

"Master Dick, how are you feeling?" Alfred asked.

"I've been better" Nightwing answered.

"What happened?" Nightwing sat up.

"You lost consciousness soon after I had picked you up" Batgirl answered.

"To think of what could have happened if you hadn't found me" Nightwing said.

Suddenly Batcomputer started beeping and popup appeared on the monitor.

"Police unit just reported to other units that they saw Killer Croc near Amusement Mile" Batgirl looked at monitor.

More information appeared and Batgirl gasped.

"What?" Nightwing asked and tried to stand up but Alfred stopped him.

"My dad is going to the Amusement Mile, I have to go to help him!" Batgirl put her mask on and ran to Batmobile.

"Wait, I'm coming with you" Nightwing tried to stand up but Alfred stopped him again.

"You're not going anywhere" Alfred said.

"Sorry Dick, you're in no shape to help" Batgirl jumped in the Batmobile.

She used turntable to turn Batmobile around and drove off.

Multiple police units were outside Amusement Mile and Gordon was giving orders to them. Batgirl parked Batmobile further away, it would be better if she finds Killer Croc first. She used grapple gun to get over the fence. Batgirl looked around, there was plenty of places where Croc could be hiding. She had to start from somewhere, so she walked forward while looking around. Every booth what she checked looked empty, she arrived on the open space and stopped to think. There was some noises coming from behind her, she turned around and saw metal rack flying towards her. Batgirl didn't had time to dodge it and it hit her very hard, Batgirl flew in the booth and was stuck under the rack.

"Gotcha!"

Figure with lumpy gray skin, blue pants, razor-sharp teeth and claws approached her. Killer Croc laughed when Batgirl tried to break free, rack was heavy and she couldn't move it. Strange feeling spread in her lower abdomen and then without any warning the feeling disappeared and she felt a bulge on her bottom. Oh heck, why she had to lose the control of her bowel now? Batgirl tried to move the rack again but without success, she was in trouble. Batgirl became distressed, however diaper gave her secure feeling and she was able to keep her fear in control, able to control her bladder.

TO BE CONTINUED

