The Dawnbringer's misadventures

Author: Linkx

*016*2014-11-27 10:29

As promised here is the next tale, an interesting look into the past where Clawdette and Sephoira first met, years before the Dawnbringers were formed ALSO as a bonus the character art of my wonderful little Sephoira and an alternate version with a little extra protection done by the masterful Livinginfinite.

A Chance Meeting

Sephoira, Clawdette

None of the other Dawnbringers know this and I’d hazard a guess even Jehanne with her elaborate intelligence network doesn’t know Clawdette and I had met before. It’s not an event I particularly enjoy recalling but I ended up working for her for a brief stint of time. I was in the northern territories and rumors were the protection network of the area was based in Sheaholm which wasn’t too far from my current location. I was hungry for a good fight and had heard of a fencer serving as one of the ranking members of the protection force. At the time I didn’t know who the commander was only that she stood in full plate mail and had fiery red hair like mine. She wasn’t my target or so I thought so I didn’t concentrate my efforts on her.

I lazily made my way to Sheaholm over the next couple of days and found myself in a typical quaint seaside town. It was a fairly sizable city. People from all the surrounding villages flocked to the place to stay under the personal protection of the woman who wielded a greatsword with the strength of an ettin the rumors said. I paid little attention to the mutterings of townsfolk who were easily impressed by nominal feats of strength. I was strong and I would show them true strength when I fought Linderris.

Arriving in the late afternoon I stopped by the inn renting a room to leave my equipment in. Once I procured a glass of wine I made my down a sheer path to the bottom of the seaside cliffs. The sand beneath my feet was a glorious feeling as I sipped my wine enjoying what was the making of a spectacular sunset. I relaxed sitting in the sand listening to the waves lapping at the shore. I was addicted to violence but that didn’t mean I didn’t enjoy taking a break from everything; away from the fear, away from succumbing to the pressure to feel that humiliatingly familiar warmth rushing down my legs as I lost control yet again.

It was then I saw her for the first time. I didn’t realize it was her until much later. Off in the distance further down the beach there was a woman walking slowly with an older gentlemen. She wore a fairly conservative blue dress and her wild red hair luffed gently in the wind. It was longer than my own and I blushed as I found myself trying to get a better look at the woman’s shapely figure.

My sexual proclivities were something I rarely ever considered. I had bedded plenty of men before and even on occasion a woman or two but never had I felt any strong feelings for any of them, nothing like this anyway. It was a girlish sort of innocence I felt as I watched the woman. I was intrigued even from a distance and wanted nothing more than to go ask her name. When I saw the two hug it dawned on me the elderly man must be her father and I was overcome with anger and pangs of jealousy direly missing my own long abandoned family. I felt on the verge of tears I had become so frustrated and I retreated up the path back to my room where I turned in early for once.

Despite my getting to bed at a reasonable hour I found myself sleeping in quite late until I was finally nagged awake by a sharp need to take my morning piss. I breathed a sigh of relief as the sheets were mercifully dry. In all honesty I hadn’t been doing that well in regards to keeping my sheets dry at that time. Nearly every other night I was waking up in a sodden puddle of my own water. So, it was quite a relief to wake up dry although had I slept any longer I would run the risk of not being so dry. Pulling myself out of bed I took care of my morning business trudging downstairs with a yawn to get a bite to eat. I knew from asking around the previous day I could find Linderris across the street as he stopped there nearly every day for lunch with his patrol troop; today was no different.

I strode carefully across the cobbled street swaying my hips with captivating flair as I walked. I could see the soldier’s eyes all on me as I arrived behind them. One hand rested on my hip and the other on the hilt of my sword as I took a subtle pose slightly thrusting out my chest to make sure I had their attention. I knew I was an attractive woman and would often use it to my advantage. Men were so easy to manipulate and I could tell their stares I wouldn’t have any problem with this little group. “Linderris?” I asked. He was a lanky man, wearing light armor with a saber strapped to his hip. He looked up as his friends nudged him teasingly. He wasn’t as lecherous as his men. But still he had a look that was a mix of wanting to bed me and wanting to punish me for pretending to be a soldier with a sword strapped to my hip.

With his acknowledgment of my presence I came flat out issuing my challenge with a grin. It was hardly what any of the soldiers were expecting. At first he was hesitant but the ribbing of his comrades and his male pride soon coerced him into accepting. He stood and slowly followed me into the middle of the street stretching as he drew his sword. I drew my blade confident I wasn’t going to have to strain myself fighting him. We watched each other meticulously analyzing our opponent for any sort of opening or weakness. Shop-keeps from the various boutiques peered through the window at us and children slowly began to congregate as we started to circle each other raising our swords.

The familiar exhilaration of battle rushed through me as he finally lashed out. He lunged thrusting his blade at me which I parried easily deflecting the blow. I carried the momentum through and slashed at his chest which he narrowly managed to avoid. I didn’t bother pressing my offense too hard as I let the soldier spend all his energy futily attacking me. A crowd had started to gather around us as we clashed steel. To the crowd is seemed like neither of us had the upper hand as I was hardly attacking. I could tell though he was getting more and more frustrated with each passing moment as I continually evaded his attacks. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed a heavily armored figure moving through the crowd watching our every move. Wild red hair spilled out from underneath her helmet and I was puzzled. It couldn’t have been the woman from the beach yesterday.

My sudden lack of attention caught up with me as I was unprepared for his next move. His movements had grown increasingly random with his frustration and he delivered a wild overhand strike. I twirled to the side barely managing to avoid the slash, a few strands of my hair were not so lucky. The crowd let out a hushed “ohhhhh” as his blade sailed harmlessly past me as his swing followed through. I channeled the momentum from my spin into a hard right hook punching him in the side of the head. Some would have objected to the corps-à-corps style hit but he should have left himself so blatantly open. He staggered to the side nearly losing his footing. I took advantage of his dazed state and led with a compound attack feinting first to throw off his guard before lashing out knocking his sabre from his hand before pressing my longsword against the leather armor encasing his chest.

“I believe this duel is mine.” I said with a wide grin. He cursed stammering trying to convince me to double or nothing. I just shook my head before I realized my underwear was quite damp. I cursed inwardly at my own feminine weakness not even remembering at which point I had leaked. I wanted to be done with this fool, I had his money and now it was time to retire with a glass of wine and a hot bath.

My plans were not to be though . A voice as sultry as it was calloused called out from the crowd as the mysterious armored figured made her way to where Linderris and I stood. She barked at him to get back to his post with an authoritative command. He scrambled to his feet awkwardly saluting red faced at his loss as he mumbled “yes Clawdette.” The hair certainly looked the same from the woman whom i had spied upon the beach but there was no way to tell with her form completely enclosed within the solid suit of armor.

Turning her visage to me she issued her challenge. A person wielding a greatsword challenging a duelist. I couldn't help but scoff confidently and demanded double the fee. She agreed upon the 500 gold pieces should I best her in combat. Clawdette raised her visor altering the conditions should she win. She didn't want any gold but for me to work for her protection network for a months time. I smiled confident and shook her armored hand. She just smiled gently at me a told me where to find her in one hours time at the training grounds.

My eyes glittered with greed as I made my way back to the inn to have a quick drink before leaving to the training grounds. I greeted the inn's tavern boisterously spending some of the gold I had just collected buying everyone a round of drinks grinning at the thought of an easy 500 gold. Clinking down the goblet I boasted bragging to the room about getting to best the mighty Clawdette. I think most of the patrons just stared at me curious if I could really overpower the one who hand single handedly defeated an ettin that threatened their entire village. They would soon have their answer as I arrived at the training grounds seeing a ready Clawdette waiting for me.

As I stepped into the arena-esque fighting area I felt magic envelope me. I looked around bewildered by the spell as Clawdette just chuckled. “Don't worry, it's just a bit of protection so there's no permanent damage. Can't really pull my punches with this thing like you duelists.” she said with a grin as she hoisted her greatsword out letting the tip rest on the ground. I just huffed at her blowing stray strands of red hair out of my face. I drew my sword and she lifted her massive blade adopting a ready stance. I charged at her counting on my speed advantage as I delivered a quick slash at her midsection.

She was faster than I thought, possibly one of the fastest I've ever seen wearing plate mail as she deflected the blow harmlessly with the broad side of her sword. While I was recovering from the parry she riposted swinging the large blade. I quickly raised my sword to block placing my free hand against the flat of my blade to brace for the blow. The strike had so much power it shoved me back nearly knocking me off my feet. I just stared at her for a moment realizing the staggering blow did more than just break my guard. Wetness bloomed in my underwear redampening my panties a drip of urine falling to the ground from beneath my skirt. She just grinned seeing the surprised expression on my face.

I knew I couldn't let her hit me, with strength like that I'd be lucky if she didn't just knock me out in a single blow. I smothered the gnawing feeling of having underestimated my opponent and launched into a brutal flurry of thrusts and slashes. The heavily armored knight was on the defensive doing her best to evade and block my much more agile long sword. I couldn't see through her visage but I imagined she was having a hard time keeping up. Her defense was impeccable though and I was starting to feel fatigued as I worked my assault pushing her all around the ring. I finally managed to create an openening. I feinted low and she moved her sword in an effort to parry the blow but I changed my strike thrusting high at her chest putting my last reserves of strength into the blow.

I heard a silent word fall from her lips “block”. That was the moment I learned of Clawdette's eldrich knight prowess. One that my manuevers could never outmatch. My sword stopped as the tip clashed against an invisible field. The shock run through my body reverberating from my arm painfully sending me staggering back. I winced my bladder let loose a gush of urine as sparkling points of urine rolled down both of my legs making their way past my drenched underwear. I nearly dropped my sword and I could have sworn I saw her grin as she glanced down spying the liquid running down my legs. My position was slumped and I was visibly exhausted. She said nothing about my little leak however and just began her assault. I scrambled to mount a defense but blocking the first strike was so painful I couldn't keep hold of my sword and it flew from my hand.

Another long jet or urine made its way to freedom glistening down my thighs this time dampening my skirt. I yelped fumbling in the air as my sword flew far out of reach. She didn't pause however soon I found myself narrowly dodging her attacks trying to find my voice to forfeit. She chased me around the ring almost like a cat playing with a mouse. I tried to make my way towards my sword but she knew my plan and everytime I would get close she would lash out sending my in another direction.

I lost my footing and tumbled to the dusty ground. The force of hitting the ground combined with the pressure of the impending loss was too much for bladder and as I hit the ground I burst. The wine I had consumed earlier rushed to freedom puddling underneath my as I stared up completely terrified of the monstorous armored woman who seemed unrelenting. She walked up to my noticing the puddle forming under me soaking the fabric of my skirt. She raised her sword high and I stared up in horror watching the blade make its final descent.

I cried out in fear feebly holding my hands out as the blade stopped resting in the palms of my hand. The sound of my body's ultimate betrayal echoed in the fighting grounds; the disgusting wet noise of a woman fouling herself in the most infantile of ways. Feces filled my underwear and sitting on the ground as I was it spilled out the sides staining my skirt. I coul only whimper as she sheathed her weapon and offered me her hand. I was expecting a flurry of taunts at the very least to be berate for having the control of a child but she said nothing of it. She pulled me to my feet retrieving my sword for me with another cantrip.

The walk back was a blur as she escorted me. I walked bow legged in an attempt to avoid squishing the foul load any further. The stench that followed me was certainly proof enough even without the telltale damp stains on my skirt of who had lost. Clawdette went so far as to escort me all the way to my room. Opening the door I stumbled in still in a daze, it had happened again... She opened the visor of her helmet and spoke with a gentle tone. “I expect you at the batracks tomorrow at sun up.”

*018*2014-12-17 02:14

No update quite yet but the next story is quite a doozy featuring Livinginfinite's character Jehanne and a few others! I also have a great piece from Goldenstorm immortalizing Sephoira and Clawdette's duel.

Spoilered for messyness :X

{{:

}}

*021*2015-01-02 20:50

{{:

I absolutely love these, so descriptive but ive read your stories on Nyou so I shouldnt be suprised

}}

Thank you thank you x.x I would post more on Nyou but copying text to upload is suuuuuuch a bear on that site you have to reformat so much stuff it is an absolute ordeal.

*022*2015-01-30 03:07

Fans of fearfully flooded uhh.... some word for pants starting with a F. Another chapter of the misadventures is nigh. I have had a hell of a time writing this one and in the end I wasn't super happy with it but I'm glad it's done enough I can move on to another chapter.

Captured

Clawdette, Sephoira, Jehanne, Alexandria, Jeska

Having worked together for quite a while The Dawnbringer's had uncovered many plots and plans successfully thwarting many a scheme. Tensions mounted between the group and Mara had opted to take Lyssa and leave Sephoira and Clawdette to command their own unit. It was hard to blame her as Sephoira could be rather insufferable sometimes despite her own predisposition towards having an accident. Clawdette couldn't find herself leaving the other redhead for reasons she couldn't realize herself. Jehanne in the meantime recruited two more talented individuals for the force. Alexandria the famed spymaster from the Altean highlands and Jeska the monk with fists as fast as lightning.

Things were not going particularly well at the moment Jehanne had not been seen in the past week when she had been expected to return two nights previous. The room was filled with apprehension as the impromptu meeting Clawdette had called got underway. Sephoira and the various other Dawnbringers sat around the meeting table all of them looking rather pensive as Clawdette spoke. “As you all know... Jehanne was due back two nights ago and we've yet to receive any sort of communication from her. Until today...” she said sounding rather foreboding as she retrieved a letter and read it aloud.

“Dawnbringers, we have something of yours.” she finished reading the short message and the others looked on as if expecting her to read more. “It ends there, no signature no other information except for a map ending right after the Ankaran border...” The group collectively took on a look of fearful worry. The idea that Jehanne had been captured was simply outlandish. Someone as strong as she... the rest of the women never imagined overpowering the half orc even possible. She was stronger than Clawdette who consistently put the rest of the members to shame in feats of strength.

“Where was she going?”

“Who could have done this?”

“How is that even possible?” the questions immediately erupted from the other members as they all spoke over one another without the half orc to keep order. “Quiet!” Clawdette hissed glaring at them all. “Here's what is going to happen. Sephoira, Jeska, Alexandria and I are going to find her. Her last trip was a diplomatic mission to Ankara to discuss the possibility of working for King Lazarus. “I'm hesitant to accuse the king of foul play but anything is possible until we know the facts. Gather your gear you three. We move out as soon as possible, Jehanne could be in trouble.” Sephoira, Jeska and Alexandria nodded simultaneously in understanding as they went to prepare for the impromptu trip. As they left Clawdette turned to the remaining members explaining why she wanted them to stay at the keep.

Shortly the four warriors reconvened outside the gate. Clawdette arrived last hearing the three discuss in hushed tones if the capture of Jehanne was really possible. The trio grew quiet when Clawdette approached and silently they began their ride. Each of the warriors rode lost in their thoughts imagining what situation could have possibly befallen Jehanne. None of them had ever seen the powerful half-orc falter in battle while even Clawdette slipped up sometimes needing to stop and prestidigitate herself clean after an accident

The four warriors made good time keeping a steady pace as they rode silently pressing their horses on further. The only noise was the rhythmic tromping of horse’s hooves as they stomped against the ground taking them father along towards their destination. With the shadows growing long and light growing dim Clawdette slowed her horse signaling to the others it was time to make camp. Each quickly tied off their own horse and pulled off their equipment they would need for the night. Each of the warriors methodically set out their bedroll and took a few moments to relax and stretch out from the long day's ride. “Don't get too comfortable.” Clawdette's voice rang out as she dumped an armful of logs in the middle of their impromptu campground.

“We're close to the Ankaran border and Jehanne could have disappeared anywhere around here. We need to stay vigilant.” she said taking on an almost scolding tone as she gave Sephoira who was in the process of mouthing her words mockingly a particularly harsh look. Holding her hand out a second later a flame erupted igniting the logs Clawdette had laid out. The four women brought out some of the rations they had packed and began eating. They sat in a circle around the now roaring fire and still little was said. Swallowing a mouthful of dried meat the monk lowered her hood exposing her platinum hair which seemed to shimmer in the firelight. Her emerald eyes glittered and her soft features stood in contrast to the sharper harder beauty of the other warriors.

“Come on guys, it's not so bad. We'll find Jehanne tomorrow and make whoever took her pay!” She spoke trying to uplift the spirits of the rather glum party. “and we get to spend the night out in the gorgeous Nev forest!” she said simultaneously gesturing up at some of the impossibly tall trees. “We could be stuck in some stuffy city in a lousy inn.” Sephoira rolled her eyes holding her hands up to the fire. “I like those lousy inns, they have wine.” the duelist groused still trying to warm her hands in the chill night air. “Like you need any more wine...” Alexandria told the red head with a taunting grin.

“It dulls your sword and wets your sheets and out here there's no place to wash your bedroll.” the blond teased. Sephoira glared at the spymaster not happy about being teased. “You want to bring THAT up hm? How about when I saw you trying to hide your fetidly stained shorts in the wash area the previous week!? It must be hard to sneak undetected when they can smell your foul stench from when you shit yourself!” Sephoira fired back Alexandria blushing deeply now. Jeska sighed turning to Clawdette staring at her pleadingly.

“Don't even start with me Seph...” The blond was about to retort until Clawdette interrupted them both with a resounding “Shut up BOTH of you! I swear... So what, it happens; often for both of you in fact one of you will probably wet the bed tonight! It's nothing you should be mocking each other about we're on the same team for mercy's sake.” she scolded them both doling harsh looks to both Sephoira and Alexandria. “Until tomorrow morning I don't want to hear another word from either of you unless you address me first. Jeska feel free to talk both their ears off and clock them if they start bickering.” she said with a grin standing up. “But...” Sephoira began to protest but was quickly shut down with a harsh look from the other red head.

“You three get some rest or do whatever, I don't particularly care. I'll take first watch. I’ll wake Sephoira in a few hours when it's her turn”. With a quick stretch she strode idly into the forest wanting to get away from the egos for some time to her own. The monk did have a point, the forest was rather spectacular even under the moonlight its impressiveness was visible.

Sephoira and Alexandria glared at each other from their positions seated on opposite sides of the fire. Jeska just looked nervously between the two half expecting them to leap at each other and start strangling one another. “An interesting fact about the Nev fore...” the chipper monk began before the redhead and blond rudely cut her off nearly in unison announcing “I'm going to bed...” Both warriors turned away from each other and settled into their bedroll. Jeska was left awake by herself and sighed seeing the two women.

It wasn't any secret that Sephoira was considered one of the hardest to work with in The Dawnbringers. For whatever reason she worked well with Clawdette who seemed to have saint-like patience when it came to dealing with her endless taunts. It was the reason Mara and Lyssa weren't accompanying the pair. The rumors about what finally pushed Mara too far were varied. Their last mission together found the original group hunting a vampire lord who had been terrorizing the Illean countryside. Of course they had prevailed but during the final battle Mara in the throes of terror disarmed of her sword and shield lost control of both her bladder and bowels.

Her plate-mail showed little if anything but the burnished steel greaves glistened with wetness and a foul odor surrounded the noblewoman. Sephoira had made it out mercifully only spilling her water. The worst part about the ordeal for Mara was she had thrown herself in the way of the vampires devastating magic to protect Sephoira when she soiled herself. Of course the duelist would hear none of it and the ridicule was far from pleasant. After that Mara approached Jehanne and demanded to be reassigned with new companions until Sephoira leanred some “humility and maturity.” Clawdette also gave Sephoira a harsh talking to which could almost be considered an ultimatum; show some respect towards her companions or else.

With her rations finished Jeska yawned stretching but not quite wanting to sleep yet. She crossed her legs and got comfortable clearing her mind to meditate. Eventually she fell asleep with the others the occasional rustle in the trees accompanying the chirping of the crickets as a midnight nature lullaby.

The trio slept blissfully unaware of the goings on in the forest around them as Clawdette's watch passed yet she remained absent. Eventually Clawdette returned a far different sight than she had left. Her heavy plate-mail gone, her greatsword gone and her arms bound tightly behind her back at her wrists. Her face was twisted with impotent rage as three shadowy figures escorted her roughly. One of the men held a rather large dagger firmly against her throat. She wore only her hide underclothes which bore the large wet discoloration as evidence of her defeat.

“S...Sephoira wake up...” she called out quietly her voice wavering slightly. Sephoira's eyes shot open as she heard Clawdette's voice. She could instantly tell something was wrong from the tone in her voice. She sprung to her feet and no sooner had she she stood up another shadowy figure collided with her tackling the duelist to the ground. Two more men leaped onto Alexandria and Jeska as they were roused by Sephoira's sudden shriek.

The ensuing struggle was a short one. Sephoira struggled and squirming but she was pinned stomach against the ground and without her sword in hand there was little she could do to escape. Alexandria faired a bit better. Forgoing her longsword a small dagger sprung to her hand from inside her sleeve which she drove into the man's armored side. He recoiled grunting in pain but doubled down his efforts grappling the woman and pinning her in a similar fashion Sephoira had been pinned in. Jeska specializing in unarmed combat slipped from his grasp easily and with blinding speed attacked her assailant. He swung a high hook which she lithely dodged delivering two jabs at his chest in rapid succession before knocking him to the ground with a spinning high kick to the side of his head. She grinned getting ready to finish off the downed rogue when a gruff voice rang out.

“Stop fighting or piss won't be the only liquid little Clawdette here is covered in.” he barked pressing the blade against her throat. Jeska froze seeing Clawdette restrained and dropped her fists to her side. The man whom she had knocked down quickly recovered. A sudden crack and she saw stars as his fist struck the side of her face. She stumbled grimacing in pain as her world spun from the cheap shot. Worst of all she could feel a wetness, a warm wetness at the crux of her legs dampening her underwear. She couldn’t tell how much she’d dribbled but looking down she sighed in relief as it didn’t show through her fighting garb. Jeska found herself quickly restrained heavy ropes lashing her wrists together.

The three were rather subdued but Sephoira was ever the spitfire. She cursed loudly and struggled against her captors grasp as the six men escorted them through the forest. “You cowardly pigs wouldn’t last a fucking second in a fair fight! I would murder the six of you if I had my sword! You sniveling worthless sacks of Altean sheep shit!” she shouted nearly at the top of her lungs shattering the silence of the night. “Sephoira… save your breath.” Clawdette said quietly. The hotheaded duelist ignored the words of her friend and opened her mouth again to speak more profanity fueled protests but felt the frigid steel of a blade pressing against her throat. Her voice caught in her throat and what was supposed to be a scathing remark about their feeble manhood turned into a mewling gasp of terror.

“She’s right, you’ll shut your mouth unless you want to lose it.” The ruffian hissed icily in her ear still holding the blade firmly against her throat. Her eyes wide she nodded slowly as her bladder released in fright. The warm liquid rushed down her legs discoloring her hide pants flowing steadily into her boots. The fresh forest air was assaulted by the warm acrid scent of her urine as she peed unbidden into her pants. The hot liquid steamed in the cold night air and all eyes were on her as her cheeks lit up in embarrassment. The only sound that could be heard above the trickling noise was the snickers from the men and Alexandria who felt vindicated for Sephoira’s earlier teasing. Clawdette just rolled her eyes and shivered in the chill night air. Shortly after Sephoira’s little accident the party began their trek again both red heads now thoroughly soaked.

It didn’t take long for them to reach the camp and what they saw shocked the four captured warriors. A handful of utilitarian tents arranged in the circle. In the center was a roaring fire however it was the sight next to the fire that caught there eyes. There she was, the powerful half-orc wearing a mask of impotent rage on her face. Her wrists were bound to the stakes planted firmly in the ground. On her knees with her legs splayed apart her thighs were lashed to the stakes as well keeping her in an awkwardly helpless position that even her great strength couldn't free her from. Jehanne scowled seeing her warriors bound and marched into camp undoubtedly to suffer the same treatment she had found herself under the hands of these ruffians.

A slight blush graced her cheeks under her scowl and the more perceptive of the four women could see why. She'd obviously been bound for a while. Her knees were raw from kneeling for so long and her body looked bruised and exhausted. The ground under her was slightly discolored the soil of the forest rather damp with her urine. The skimpy black fighting briefs she wore that normally showed off her powerful thighs still bore a slight wet blotch. She'd obviously wet herself some time ago but hide cloth of her brief's hadn't quite dried yet. Worse though was the sagging rear filled with her own excrement a foul stench hanging over the Dawnbringer commander.

The day previous... “You foul scum I'll break every last one of you!” she snarled glaring at the group of masked men. She suspected they had followed her since she had left the Ankaran capital after her fruitless talks with the boy king Lazarus. He saw fit to turn the Dawnbringers into his own tool for political subterfuge and covert operations. She would never have her organization work for such motives and had promptly left after finishing her glass of wine. The group of men encircled the half-orc who stood with her hands bound behind her back and growled threateningly at them. It had happened near the border, she couldn't quite remember. She had been feeling lousy since leaving the city and that is when she was ambushed.

The group of five emerged from the forest with three swords drawn and two bows trained on her position. She stared wide eyed before drawing her elaborate longsword with her poison dulled reflexes. No sooner than she raised her blade an arrow struck the side knocking it free of her hands as the three with swords surrounded her shoving the tips of their blades in her face. She held her hands out and trembled her eyes filled with fear as growing warmth pooled in her brief. She was peeing. The protective pad she discretely wore tucked in her brief could only cope with so much liquid before leaking.

A small trickle escaped and dampened her black brief which fortunately showed little. She knew however if she lost control again she would not be so fortunate as she could feel the saturated material squishing wetly between her legs. With a grin they bound their prize and escorted her back to their camp. Her ambush had only been two days prior but it felt like ages past as the men watched her. By now she knew what they intended. Each day it had been the same, she would be released but handicapped somehow and the seven would wrestle or spar with her; and each day it ended the same. 

Jehanne sprawled out on the ground her piss soaking the dusty ground beneath her once again saturating her skimpy fighting briefs with the acrid liquid. The second day they had discovered her secret protection had been mortifying. They had fought three on one with her arms restrained ended up a rather short one sided brawl. Pinned to the ground Jehanne could only squirm futily as pee could not be absorbed by her saturated protection and drenched her briefs dripping to the ground beneath her. A wayward hand glanced between her legs feeling the faint bulk of the sodden pad.

“What is that orc? What are you wearing?” a gravelly voice asked as they released her from their hold. Her face burned with embarrassment and she did her best to keep cool. “It is nothing but my briefs…” she said quietly averting her gaze. “You lying incontinent bitch!” one of the men growled slapping her across the face. The raven haired woman recoiled and swallowed her pride speaking in a subdued tone. A rough hand slid along her stomach slipping under the waistband of her brief retrieving the sponge-like item. “It…. It is an incontinence pad to provide me a bit of assurance in high stress scenarios…” she explained using the most mature terms she could possibly muster. The men laughed raucously and the man tossed the sodden device away while he spoke. “Oh Jehanne, if you needed your diaper changed you should have asked.” He taunted drawing another round of laughter from the men.

The next day she knew would be different; worse even than the previous. Her solid waste was aching to be relieved but her foul captives would never let her go. The beatings and bruises she could take but the shame of soiling herself that thoroughly made her shudder. The fighting began with a surprise haymaker that nearly knocked her on her ass. Her bowels grumbled in protest at the sudden movement when the others moved in and assaulted her. One of the men was careless and attempted to grope her still damp with urine crotch. He was knocked out cold with a swift headbutt which only seemed to empower the half-orc.

“What, my arms tied behind my back not enough for you cowards!” she taunted before taking another blow across the jaw. Spitting blood she stood slumped over panting heavily staring at the four conscious men. The remaining men sharpened their gaze not responding to her barbs. One of the men tired of her cocky attitude and loosed a throwing knife sinking it into the bark of a tree merely inches from her head. The cocky rebelliousness attitude fled from her face replaced by a wide eyed look of girlish terror. In her fright she was overcome by feeble incontinence and her overly full bowels could not be controlled. The half-orc shuddered as spurred by fear her release was sudden and noisy. Her face twisted from an expression of fear into one of self-disgust as she felt her proudly worn fighting briefs expand to accommodate her waste. Lacking elasticity her lower garb could only balloon out so much before every crevice was filled and her shit was forced out of the cuffs.

Her accident was met with uproarious laughter as they stopped their physical assault and began a verbal one. She said nothing but looked on the verge of tears as she blushed profusely. “Did the big bad orc have an accident?”

“The king was right, we should have put her back in diapers.”

“Come now Jehanne is it just you or do all your little pretend heroines shit themselves?” the taunts seemed endless as they brought her back to camp. She still said nothing when she was forced on her knees as she had been each day and lashed to the twin posts to ensure she could not escape. A grim realization flashed through her mind and she realized they were not going to allow the half-orc to clean herself. She grimaced in disgust kneeling still with a load in her briefs but mustered up the most intimidating glare she could manage and refused to beg.

Jehanne was relieved to see they had come but infuriated that four of her best had already been captured. The group of four was divided and brought on either side of Jehanne where they were forced to sit back to back as their captors began binding them. The four wrinkled their nose as the smell coming from Jehanne but out of respect for their commander kept their mouth shut that is except for Sephoira. “Come on Jehanne I th…” the redhead spoke before being cut off by the raven haired captive.“Sephoira if you continue with that statement I will make you regret it.” She said coldly. Jeska shuddered at the ominous promise. Despite her situation Jehanne still had an air of foreboding around her. Sephoira was never one to let an idle threat pass without and smartass response. “I am already regretting it Jehanne your foul stench turning my stomach!” she quipped with a grin.

They were sat back to back legs out in front. As if they could sense their animosity the group bound Sephoira and Alexandria together rather than with Clawdette or Jeska. Their ankles were bound with a small lash of rope similarly their wrists were bound in front of them. Their arms however were bound to their partner’s arms which forced them to sit up straight in an awkward restrained position. Clawdette and Jeska accepted their imprisonment with quiet contemplation considering how best to escape whereas the other two fumed at having to be bound to one another. The rescue attempt was off to a less than stellar start and the mood for the remainder of the night was icy at best. The men slowly returned to sleep leaving two out at a time on watch for the remainder of the night.

No sooner than they had fallen asleep it felt like the sun was peeking above the horizon. The golden glow of dawn roused the men from their sleep eager to get an early start with the four new comers. “Rise and shine my little Dawnbringers.” One of them said as the four were splashed with chilled water from a nearby stream. The yelps and sputters of surprise rang out through the still of the morning as the four awoke with an unpleasant shock. “Eat, drink, we wouldn’t want you lot getting sickly on us now.” The man they presumed in charge spoke as he walked around tossing a chunk of bread and some dried meat in each of their lap. Another man tossed a canteen next to each of them with a heavy thud. The four slowly obeyed nibbling quietly on the simple sustenance.

“Now we don’t expect you to be anything like our prized cow here but we’re going to be putting you through a bit of tests before we take you back to the king. He’s not expecting you lot for another few days so we’ve got plenty of time for games and activities!” he said using innocent euphemisms to gloss over his sinister intent. “The last one to finish their canteen will be the first to play.” He said with a malevolent grin. Three out of the four fighters began drinking hastily; the fourth, Clawdette refused to play their little games.

“Well it seems we have a volunteer.” He said wrly, seeing Clawdette’s defiance. He snapped his fingers pointing at Clawdette and three of the men cut her away from Jeska and make her stand leaving her wrists and ankles bound. The eldritch knight just glared at her aggressors and blinked in surprise as she felt a rope forced inside her mouth effectively gagging her. “Don’t think you can rely on your little penchant for spells Clawdette.” He said with a smirk before loosening the binds on her ankles to allow her a limited form of mobility bringing her to an open area within the camp. She had been secretly counting on their ignorance of her limited arcane abilities to give her an edge.

“Just because you refused to drink doesn’t mean the last to finish won’t join you.” He said with a grin pointing at Sephoira. The other men cut her free and brought up the second redhead to join Clawdette. The both gave each other a nervous look Clawdette’s expression one of confidence while Sephoira felt much less useful without her sword. Two of the underlings approached the red headed duo eager to abuse the two restrained warrior women. Chewing on the rope Clawdette managed to work it loose enough to vocalize a spell as the pair approached her and a nervously squirming Sephoira.

“Electrify!” She spoke as arcane current rippled through her body lightning bolts arcing from her fingertips devastating one of the men slamming him back as his partner narrowly avoided the blast. “Can’t you tie a tight knot!” the leader shouted as he was moving in position to handle his henchmen’s incompetence. Clawdette had already prepared another barrage of lightning letting loose a gout of the seering bolts at the man who managed to avoid the brunt of the blow. Sephoira watched wide eyed as Clawdette did her best to rain destruction on the camp when she yelped feeling a rough hand wrap around her waist pulling her close as a blade was pressed to her throat. She whimpered once again finding herself with a dagger to her throat. “Stop with the magic unless you’d like to see Sephoira lose her head that is.”

Sephoira squirmed in his grasp until she felt the blade leave a hairline slit on her neck and she gulped spilling her morning water repeating the scene from the night previous. The liquid dripped from her pants as what urine had accumulated in her bladder during the remainder of the night found its way to freedom dampening her pants a creeping wet stain running down her legs.

Clawdette froze seeing Sephoira trapped in such a position and held her hands up signaling surrender. One man swooped in behind her tightening the gag as the remaining men surrounded her. Angry at losing one of their own they all began punching and kicking at the defenseless warrior. The leader kept a firm grip over Sephoira and slowly slid his hand up towards her chest. “and because of your little outburst I think Sephoira will have the pleasure of spending the night in my tent with me.” He bluffed as Lazarus gave them strict orders they were to be untouched in that regard but the threat pierced both red heads to the core.

She did the best she could to defend herself but the blows seemed endless and the threat of Sephoira’s punishment chilled her. Magicless and restrained a fresh wetness blossomed in her hide trousers the still vaguely damp material once again soaked with her urine. Liquid trailed down her long legs puddling on the ground beneath her as all eyes were glued on the fighter. Retreating from the beaten fighter the men once again laughed mockingly as the red head felt the sodden material of her pants clinging to her legs “Is this the best your little children can do Jehanne? Spray piss everywhere at the sight of a blade.” The lead man asked with a mocking tone eliciting a deep blush from every women there. “Get her back with the others and bring me the spymaster!” he barked as a pair of rough hands dragged Clawdette forward back to her place next to Jehanne. Sephoira was dragged back to her position as Alexandria was given the honor of participating next.

Another man raised Alexandria and dragged the nervous woman to her leader. The blond couldn’t ignore the uneasy feeling in her guts as she was brought face to face with the lead captor. She trembled slightly averting her gaze unsure of what they had in store for her. With a smirk he lowered his mask exposing his face as he reached out gripping her jaw firmly. He slowly turned her head forcing her to look him in the eyes. “You know who I am Alexandria and I know like a child you have been sticking your hand where it doesn’t belong taking what you please from who you please.” She stared wide eyed as she recognized as the King Lazarus’s spy-master general; the chief intelligence officer of Ankara.

“Consider today the beginning of your reformation.” He proclaimed loudly to everyone. “While you lot have raised swords against our plots and plans little Alexandria and her network of rogues has consistently taken what does not belong to them and for that she will be punished.” The man announced as if he was talking to his daughter. Dragging her over he sat on an exposed tree stump and pulled her down over his knees. The first thwap rang out echoing through the trees deriving a surprised yelp from the recipient of the crude punishment. His muscular hand came down again on her pert posterior again and again as they formed a rhythmic slapping. It didn’t take long before she was writhing against him trying to squirm free to lessen the blows. “S…stop please!” she begged as he mercilessly struck her quivering bottom.

Ignoring her sudden cry for peace he continued raining blows on her reddened skin. It started as a small spurt of wetness darkening her shorts at the join of her legs. Each blow caused to rogue to leak a little more the damp splotch on her shorts expanding. Each spurt and dribble slowly increased until her body gave out and she peed unheeded by her control. He paused hearing the trickling noise as the steady stream dribbled to the grass below them. Running his fingers over the wetness seeping through her pants he laughed. “Oh Alexandria, you really are just a child. It must be very difficult to steal secrets when there is a trail of piss always leading back to you!” he mocked.

Unexpectedly bringing his hand down again pain shot through her body and in a panic she felt her bowels churn into action. Grunting unconsciously her body tensed before pushing a foul load of poop into her underclothes. Her tough cloth shorts slowly bulged out under his hand as she lost control for a second time. The foul mess slowly discolored the seat as vulgar scent began to fill the air around her. “Uhg, you shit yourself! Get back to your spot!” he spat in disgust. “Can’t any of you take your punishment without soiling yourselves!” he shouted as the men and even Sephoira laughed at her predicament. The rogue began sniffling her eyes watering in shame as she felt the man deliver one final swat flattening the mound against her shapely cheeks. Dragging Alexandria to her feet he forced her over to where she had sat making her sit in her own filth.

It was Jeska’s turn and the monk looked stoic as ever as her rope bonds were replaced with weighted cuffs. Her posture slumped under the additional weight as she stood in the field where two of her comrades had already humiliated themselves. She strengthened her resolve ready for whatever they planned to throw at her. “Come on Jeska, your fighting is supposedly peerless, a little bit of weight won’t slow you down will it?” he asked with a grin knowing full well it wasn’t just a little weight. He took a fighting stance and she could barely manage the same sweating with exertion already from the weights. The first blow came; a quick jab to her chest which she struggled to block in time. Given an equal fight she would already have him pinned in an armbar.

This was no equal fight though and the monk slowly stepped away from her aggressor as he lashed out again this time with a wide hook. She ducked finding it easier to move her body rather than fight against the weights and counter attacked with a slow punch. He dodged her strike as well with minimal effort. This went on for a while the man slowly managing a blow past her defenses here and there. Soon Jeska was looking much worse for wear and was on the verge of defeat in her own arena. Her breath was ragged and heavy as she sucked in air. Spitting her salivia mingled with blood as she narrowed her gaze on the man. The fight still burned in her eyes but it was flickering on the verge of being extinguished. The blow came in multiple parts a hook she managed to block clumsily; a jab that grazed her cheek followed by an uppercut of which she caught the full brunt of the blow.

The lithe monk was knocked off her feet from the force of the blow her whole world spinning as she landed on her back sprawled out. A thin stream of liquid dampened her pants as she saw stars. What started as a small gush of pee quickly intensified soaking into her light colored fighting clothes leaving them nearly translucent as the stream arced form her body splattering on the grass. He smirked as her natural incontinence showed and he pulled a knife from his belt not satisfied with just her liquid release.

In the haze of the concussive blow she saw the glint of the blade. Her bowels convulsed in fear but she clenched herself shut and managed to keep herself in control as she watched him approach. Mustering all her strength she spun her hips and whipped her foot up kicking the dagger from his hand sending it flying at Jehanne. The half-orc let out a cry of surprise as the knife whizzed through the ropes holding one of her arms down and if one was paying particularly close attention could see the dribbles of urine dripping to the ground from her dampened brief.

He leapt upon the monk wrapping his hands around her throat not particularly keen on being struck. “Make sure that knife didn’t hurt anyone!” he barked at his men as he smirked while Jeska futily struck at him gasping for breath. Jehanne felt the resistance of her bindings slacken as the knife tore away some of the rope weakening the intricate lattice work. As one man approached her she burst from her bonds exploding with fury. A cacophony of snapping rope overcame the peaceful morning as she rose and clobbered the man. “Get her restrained you fools!” he shouted as he stared down at the monk below him.

“You’re going to pay for that once we have her under control!” he hissed threateningly. Her vision was dimming, she could feel her apendages going numb from lack of oxygen and then his threat rung in her ears. She was powerless to stop herself from going. A wet crackly noise sounded as the seat of her dampened fighting pants slowly expanded bearing an obvious brown bulge under the translucent fabric as more of the sludge flowed past her numb sphincter. As the foul stench enveloped the two he removed his hands and looked over in time to see his men floundering to get control of the enraged half-orc.

The first to approach her as she had exploded from her binds lay twitching on the ground as her fist caved in his face. Clawdette sprung into action; despite her wrists and ankles being bound she threw her weight at one of the men taking them both to the ground. Her wild red hair floating in the air she brought her forehead down on his knocking him out leaving only two more for Jehanne to deal with as Sepoira took a cue from Clawdette and tackled another man pummeling him with her fists. Standing in front of the two men still partially restrained Jehanne let out a primal battle cry grabbing one of the stakes and smashing it over the head of the first to approach her sending him straight to the ground in a shower of splintered wood.

The second stared at her hesitantly before approaching with his sword drawn. Spinning around his thrust she wrapped the ropes around his neck tightly and jerked back with all her strength ripping him off his feet sending him to the ground. She retrieved the knife Jeska had used to free her once she saw the one in charge had fled and finished cutting herself free. She wasted no time cutting Clawdette’s crude bonds before handing her the knife motioning to Sephoira and Alexandria as she ran over to Jeska.

The monk lay barely conscious on the ground not responding to Jehanne’s gentle touch as she shook her to consciousness. “Come on Jeska, you did a good job there but we have to get moving.” The monk’s emerald eyes burst open and she gasped in air ignoring the foul smell from both herself and Jehanne. She nodded getting to her feet stumbling along with Jehanne’s help. Jehanne wasted no time pointing at Alexandria and Sephoira. “You two retrieve their horses. Clawdette can you remove the weights from Jeska?” The eldritch knight with her wrists free and mouth unbound nodded and with a simple knock spell the heavy bracelets sprung open and fell to the ground with a leaden thud. As soon as the weights were lifted she pulled Clawdette into a tight hug before the other two approached leading on three horses. “The others ran off... you're lucky we could grab these three.” Sephoira said with a shrug.

“Ok, you four are sharing.” Jehanne said as she climbed up lowering herself gingerly on the saddle grimacing and the clammy mess in her briefs squished against her backside. Jeska nodded slowly at Alexandria and the two messy fighters climbed aboard one horse leaving the two damp redheads to get on the last horse. “We have to move quickly there's no telling when he may return. Get back to the keep, now!” Jehanne gave the order as she took off riding hard followed by Jeska and Alexandria with Sephoira and Clawdette bringing up the rear.

Sephoira wrapped her arms around Clawdette and dozed off to the rythmic pounding of the horse hooves leading them home. Clawdette squirmed and grimaced as they rode. She could feel her own need building. Her close call left her bowels feeling very full and with no time to stop and visit a tree she could only shut her eyes and bear it. A few more hours into the ride and she could hold it no longer. The pounding hooves drummed her insides. She let out an airy fart hoping that Sephoira stayed asleep. Fortunately the duelist stayed asleep pressed against the warrior and she finally started to lose the battle with her bursting bowels. Subtly lifting her rear off the saddle her tired muscles gave in and after a heavy step the warm contents of her bowels rushed to freedom spoiling her underclothes filling the seat of her pants. Over the remained of the ride home there were fortunately no more incidents.

The group finally arrived back at the keep the five warriors dismounted and stood around sheepishly the scent of shit hanging around them heavily. Sephoira couldn't help but snicker seeing Clawdette had soiled herself on the ride home. She could barely believe she was the only one who had escaped the whole debacle without messing her pants as the others had. Jeska's fighting clothes were utterly ruined the white fabric stained a sickly brown around the seat and down her thighs. Alexandria and Jehanne were in a similar situation with streaks of brown having escaped the cuffs of their respective shorts and briefs.

“Thank you all... and I think it goes to say there will be no speaking of this.” Jehanne said giving them all a sharp look her gaze lingering on Sephoira. “Yeah...” Sephoira muttered “won't speak of how you all soiled yourselves like toddlers...” she spoke just loud enough for the others to hear. In no mood for the duelist's mouth the half-orc grit her teeth and clenched her fist delivering a straight punch right in the woman's forehead. Sephoira barely saw it coming but it was too late.

The half-orc's fist crashed right into her and in a flash she was sprawled out unconscious defecating in her pants as she hit the ground to the snickers of the other women. “Leave her out here... when she comes to hopefully she'll have learned her lesson.” Jehanne spoke with a sneer as the four walked awkwardly into the keep eagerly looking forward to cleaning up. Clawdette couldn't help but pause and shake her head at the sprawled out messy redhead. With a sigh she hefted her body over her shoulder and carried her to her room before going to clean herself up like the others.
