Hunted (A Jurassic World fanfic)

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2015-09-29 00:00

So since my Agents of Shield one did okay I decided to do another existing property with a setting not many do and that's Jurassic World or basically the Jurassic Park universe in general. Also apologies for any inconsistencies with the film as I haven't seen it in awhile. Enjoy.

Plot: While trying to find her nephews with Owen on the island, Claire has to pee. Far away from the park centre with no toilet in sight she's going to have to go by other means while trying to avoid a loose Indominus Rex.

It had been what felt like hours since Claire began her trek through the island with Owen Grady being covered in grime and muck amongst other things while looking for her nephews Zach and Gray. Needless to say the feelings she felt were of guilt and frustration. She was no mom not even a sitter. Everytime someone asked her why she didn't want kids she responded with it was because of her job and they wouldn't want a mom who wasn't there for them. She was sparing them the heartbreak even if it pained her to deny that and any attempt she could have made to be good with kids had been blown now that she lost Zach and Gray. Had she known something like this was going to happen she would have never agreed to this with her sister. Suddenly the feeling of walking caught up to Claire as well as something else that had been building for awhile now. She had to pee.

"Damn it." Claire whispered realising her need

"Something wrong?" Owen asked noticing Claire having stopped and bended over holding her knees noticing them bang together

"Look can we just stop for a minute?" Claire asked

"Stop? Your kids are in danger we gotta keep going" Owen said

"Technically they aren't my kids" Claire said correcting him

"Look whatever come on. You don't want to be dino chow do you?" Owen asked slightly annoyed

"No but go scout up ahead see if you can find any clues I'll join you in a few minutes. Just please Mr. Grady" Claire asked forcing a smile trying to hide her need

"Fine. But the minute you hear even the slightest stomp hide and call me." Owen said walking further ahead up the area.

Looking to see if he was out of earshot Claire scampered to a nearby bush. They were far away from the park centre with no toilet in sight. She was going to have to go here and she wasn't going to let Owen know that. Annoyed at what she had been reduced to Claire pulled down her pants and panties and squatted as she sighed in relief her stream splattering through the bush and onto the ground. Noticing that it had kept going she realised her need was more than she thought. She had drank a lot earlier in order to keep herself hydrated to prepare herself for the long day.

Meanwhile a familiar sound made itself known as the Indominus Rex had snuck up on Claire's location probably having caught her scent of pee. Hearing this Claire had to resist screaming as she tried to make herself hurry up.

"Oh crap. Come on hurry up." Claire whispered.

Hearing it come closer Claire had to stop her pee from flowing as she squeezed her leg muscles together and stood up pulling her pants and panties up as she ran off down route Owen went as she had to resist crossing her legs and hopped a few times in desperation. Stopping she suddenly felt something and heard a noise. She was wetting herself. Her need was becoming more harder to keep in and if she was going to get out of this without a big accident she was going to have to finish now whether the Indominus Rex was there or not. Frantically looking around to see if it was there she dashed to another nearby bush and yanked down her pants and panties and again squatted and moaned in relief as the rest of her pee began gushing out. God that felt good.

Suddenly the Indominus Rex appeared in front of her as she screamed her radio falling out of her and picking up her scream. Meanwhile not to far away Owen being vigilant as ever stopped and placed his hand on what felt like human tracks signifying they had been there.

"Well Claire hope you're rested" Owen said. His radio suddenly screamed so loud it fell from his hand as he picked it up

"Claire?" Owen asked

Her shout was enough to tell him she was in trouble as he ran off back the other way to where he had left her. Claire resisted crying as she looked up in fear and awe at the indominus so close to her. Now all her hard work was coming back to bite her in the ass literally she was going to die with her pants down.

"Goodbye Zach, Gray" Claire whispered feeling remorse at having failed her nephews.

Suddenly she heard a raptor call as she and the Indominus looked to find the source as a bang was heard along with another raptor call as Owen had arrived making the calls as the Indominus avoided the shots and quickly hid itself and ran off as Owen fired into open air and stopped realising it had escaped.

"Damn" Owen said looking over at Claire who still had her pants and panties around her ankles as she blushed in embarrassment

"You know if you had to pee you could have just said so" Owen said

"While I am grateful for you saving me would you please move further away" Claire asked

"Why pee shy?" Owen asked

"Yes but pee shy or not Mr. Grady I'd prefer my co-workers not to see my like this whether its out here or on a toilet" Claire stated

"Right. Just be glad I didn't go with my original plan to challenge it to a dance off in order to distract it away from here." Owen said humorously

Claire smiled as he walked off to another part from the area away from her. Finally after a few more minutes she finished peeing and wiped herself with a leaf another thing she didn't like with Owen having warned her to make sure whatever she used wasn't poisonous as she stood up pulling her pants and panties up and walked off to where Owen was.

"So any clues as to where my nephews may or may not be?" Claire asked

"Yep. Come on." Owen said

THE END. Sorry if it isn't long or that good. I encourage other people to try their hand at this setting. Hope it was okay.

