Sisters

Author: h1234

*000*2019-04-16 00:34

Abby grew up in a simple family with her sister Emily. Abby was 16 and Emily was 18, the sisters always were close but also had a rivalry with everything thing they did. Abby seemed to have the upper hand in school and sports. Abby had long brown that went down to here mid back, she was slender and athletic at 5'8''. Emily received the blond hair of the family, Emily was 5'9'' slender like her sister. Emily seemed to always be a little more childish for being 18 years old, compared to here sister who seemed to be the more mature one.

Emily and Abby were both on the varsity volleyball team and Emily was looking to break her sisters personal record for spikes during the game today. Emily and Abby were up early on Saturday exited about the upcoming game to finish of the season. The girls got ready each taking 2 litter bottles of water for the game. Emily drove her sister to the school where there finally game would be played for the season, for Emily this would be here last game of high school as she was graduating in May.

The girls met up with their other teammates and stated chatting and getting hyped about the championship games today. Abby felt her need to pee as she forgotten to go before they left the house. The game was about to start in 10 minutes, she pushed off the need. The coach gathered the young women around to discus the plan Emily was upfront, Abby was told she was serve this around. The game head started, Emily had felt a growing need to pee, but it was not to bad and knew she could make it a few rounds.

Abby served up the first ball, an excellent shot, the other team missed their opportunity. Abby served up a great game, she was successful at helping bringing the team to their first win of 3 matches. During the break Emily and Abby sat together and drank a large portion of their water. Abby was a little fidgety was she squirmed in her seat. Emily took notice, this was a bad habit Abby had and a tall tile sign she was desperate to use the bathroom. Emily stayed silent on the matter, as her need to pee grew but she only crossed her legs sitting.

The second game started and Abby was now upfront at the net. Emily was on the second row back to help support her sister and her teammates. The team was doing well, but Emily could not stop noticing how much her sister was moving around. Abby could not stand still moving her legs back and forth and crossing them while standing still every so often. Seeing Abby do this made Emily's need worse. Emily remembered the last time she had peed her pants, she was 12 and Abby was 10.

They had been out all day at the park and the bathrooms were closed, Abby teased Emily about her need to go as she grabbed herself putting of the bathroom. Emily peed her pants at the park with pee streaming down her pants and her hands as her sister watched her, she was 2 years older and had peed her pants in front of her younger sister. Abby did not let Emily forget that, as she was the older sister, but still not as mature. The second game ended, it was 1 win, 1 loss. Emily ran to the bathroom, but missed her sister, Emily thought Abby would use the bathroom before the next game. As Emily came out of the bathroom she saw her sister was sitting on the side of the chair, one leg tucked on the chair and the other on top. She was grinding the chair between her legs. Emily sat down and Abby stopped.

"Do you have to pee?" asked Emily.

"No!" Abby replied.

Emily pressed her sister on the issue, " I noticed you were squirming and half humping your chair" Emily said, Abby just gave her a look of mind your on business. The only reason Emily know here sister need a desperate pee was she would do those moves and holding herself while playing video games often putting of the the bathroom till she leaked in her panties. Abby went back on the court. Emily was subbed out for this third game.

Abby was in bad shape she was now grabbing herself at every possible moment, dancing around between serves of the ball. Everyone if they noticed would be able to tell she needed the bathroom. The game ended and Abby sat down, Emily asked if she was going to the bathroom and at moment, Abby replied " Yes I have to pee, but I have leaked in my panties, not sure if I can make it. Abby got up and immediately sat back down " oh god! I think i might pee my pants, I can't hold it. It is dribbling out, As Emily was about to tell her to make a run, the dame had burst. Abby, the mature 16 year old started gushing pee on the padded seat.

Her sister could hear the hissing sound of hot yellow peeing coming out of her sister. The other teammates were in shock that this was happening in front of them. Abby was crying saying she could not hold it in anymore. Emily had quickly found a jacket to cover her sister and her shorts. Emily walked Abby to the bathroom, Another team meat had followed with Abby's jeans and had pulled a spare set of panties from her bag. Abby changed out of her still dripping volleyball shorts and panties that you could ring out with yellow pee on the floor. Emily told her sister that she understood how it felt, and reminded her accident at the park.

Abby and Emily drove home with not a word spoken about it and with Abby's clothes that were stinking of pee in the bag seat.

*003*2019-04-16 13:01

First time writing a story on here, excited and forgot to check for spelling and grammar.

Thank you! for the support.

