The Gift - Page 3

Author: PrinceOfThePee

*050*2016-01-13 23:47

{{:

My apologies, I didn't see that! I was referring to the red/blue markers behind the story.

Don't feel the need to change it to suit those of us who like female desperation...There's plenty out there for us. I enjoy this story, stick to what you've created, and don't worry about pandering to people. Your story, your rules. :)

}}

Ooooh. I have no clue how to make those, to be honest. And thanks. :)

*053*2016-01-15 16:52

{{:

You can set that colored "tag" here--

It only allows one choice, however, not multiple like when you add actual tags, as you've already done.

}}

Thank you, Kei. I'll keep that in mind next time I start a new fic on here.

*054*2016-01-17 19:27

TEN

Aiden awoke Monday morning, his phone buzzing and beeping. He picked it up groggily, opening a text message from Daulton.

I'm out front. It read. Yawning, Aiden got out of bed and shuffled to the front door, unlocking and opening it for Daulton.

“Morning.” He mumbled sleepily. Daulton nodded silently. Aiden checked his bladder out of habit. He was holding just under two liters. “Come on.” Aiden stepped back to let him in. Daulton walked inside, and Aiden led him toward the bathroom.

“Ready?” Daulton asked. His voice was quieter than normal, and he seemed to be keeping his head down.

“Ready.” Aiden yawned again and held out his hand. Daulton touched it, and Aiden felt the familiar pressure of an overly full bladder. He stepped into the bathroom, nudged the door closed, and peed, sighing in relief.

Their first couple of transfers had gone disastrously wrong when Aiden had wet himself, unable to hold in Daulton’s and his own urine. So the next few times they had tried having Aiden pee first, then take Daulton's urine and pee again. It worked better, but was more time-consuming. Then they tried doing a slow transfer while Aiden was already peeing (with Daulton standing behind him and touching his shoulder), and that had worked well for a while. But now, Aiden's capacity had grown quite a bit, and if Daulton was holding two liters or less they could transfer all at once, then Aiden would pee.

When he was done, Aiden took a quick shower and brushed his teeth, going back to his room wearing a bathrobe and carrying his pajamas. Daulton was waiting for him as usual, sitting at Aiden’s desk chair and finishing up some homework.

“Did you eat breakfast yet?” Aiden asked, dressing quickly with his back turned.

“No.” Daulton replied.

“Want some Poptarts?” Aiden asked as he pulled on his jacket.

“Sure.” Daulton packed his school stuff into his bag and stood, smiling. Aiden slipped on his shoes and grabbed his backpack.

“We just have strawberry flavored, is that—“ Aiden stopped mid-sentence, noticing that Daulton was sporting a black eye and split lip. Daulton noticed Aiden’s stare and quickly tried to hide his face. “What the hell happened to you?”

“It’s fine, it was just my brother…”

“Your brother did that?” Aiden was shocked.

“Yeah, but its fine.” Daulton said quickly. “Really, when my mom found out she said if he did something like this again she was kicking him out.” Aiden sighed.

“Alright…” Aiden said. “If you’re sure.” He left his room, leading Daulton to the kitchen. They grabbed their breakfast, and left Aiden’s house, meeting Emily on the corner before heading to school.

The day passed as a usual Monday did. Slowly and uneventfully. Aiden had band practice that evening, so at the end of the day, instead of going home and then coming back later for practice, Aiden and Emily decided they’d hang out in the band room. They had gone to the nearby gas station to grab something for their dinner with a large group and were heading back to the band room when Aiden spotted her.

It was a girl Aiden had seen around campus before, tall and slender, with light brown hair that hung to her shoulders. She was wearing a short black skirt and a black tee shirt, with knee high black boots and gray leggings. A black belt rested over her swollen bladder. Aiden stopped, feeling a thrill of excitement go through him.

“Aiden?” Emily was looking back at him, noticing that he had stopped.

“Huh?”

“Are you coming or what?”

“Oh…” Aiden shook himself. “Yeah, I’ll catch up. I just realized I left something in Mr. Miller’s room.” Aiden lied quickly.

“Oh. Okay. See you in a few then!” Emily grinned and waved at him, continuing back to the band room with the group. Aiden, on the other hand, made his way toward the girl quietly, sneaking along at a reasonable distance behind her. She didn’t seem to notice him, which was no wonder. Her bladder was almost at capacity, and she seemed to be doing everything she could to hold it. She was walking with her thighs pressed together, hunched forward a bit. The girl stopped suddenly, burying her hands in her crotch. Panicking, Aiden ducked behind a vending machine, peeking around the corner to keep his eye on the girl.

She was still struggling, squirming in place as her bladder throbbed and pulsed. She froze suddenly, swearing. Aiden was positive she had just leaked. And as Aiden watched, her bladder began to empty in tiny spurts. A wet patch began to grow on the back of her leggings, and began to trickle down her legs. With a sob the girl let go, peeing herself forcefully. Urine cascaded down her leggings, leaving long wet streaks before dripping to the ground. A puddle grew around her boots, pale yellow urine puddling on the pavement.

When her bladder was empty the girl was crying harder, and Aiden hid himself. He realized he was hard within his boxers; he hadn’t witnessed someone else wetting in years. Heart pounding, Aiden hurried back to the band room, keeping the incident as a clear picture in his head. He couldn’t wait to sketch her later.

*058*2016-02-12 01:26

Hey everyone. I know it has been a while since I last updated the story. I ended up scrapping the next chapter and starting over, but I am working on it. However, I have been extremely sick and have only had enough energy for school. I'm starting a new therapy for my illness after this weekend, so I will soon, in theory, have more energy and be able to work on this again. Thank you everyone for your praise and patience. :)

