[Happy Halloween!] Lakshmi and the Terror

Author: Peafowl

*000*2021-11-01 00:14

Happy Halloween everyone! It's spooky time, and I decided to write a story based on my latest pic.

$$

I haven't written a story in a long while, so hope you enjoy!

###

Tick. Tick. Tick.

The clock had never sounded so loud before for Lakshmi when she decided to stay late at school to finish some homework. A few writing assignments, and a math test she was studying for occupied her time as the sun set outside the window. It was almost 20:00, and she and her math teacher were the only people left in the building, her teacher there to help her study as she tried to get ahead on her materials to open her weekend up for way more couch-laying time. Lakshmi's eyes were starting to bag, but she soon found herself on the last problem of her assignment.

"It's looking quite late Lakshmi, you reckon we call it a night?" the teacher turned to her while he packed up his materials in his bag.

"*Yawn* Yeah, I just finished," Lakshmi replied, cleaning up her study station.

"Well I'll see you tomorrow, have a good night," the teacher bid her farewell and went to his car. Lakshmi picked up the last of her notes and walked out of the school towards. She looked at her phone and saw that its battery had died, so she couldn't call her parents to pick her up. Thankfully, her home was only about a twenty minute walk away, and she lived in a relatively small town so walking was easy. She adjusted her backpack and walked into the night, whistling to herself.

Her school was built next to a stream, with a bicycle trail along its side leading straight past her house. She crossed the street, and trotted down the grass embankment towards the low-laying trail. As she bounded down the hill she remembered that she hadn't visited the bathroom in a while, so that became the first thing she would do when she made it home. She had thought about peeing by the stream, as there was nobody around, but she was a stickler to rules, and felt she could hold it until she made it home. On her route, she enjoyed the chirps of crickets. The sound of the creek was calming, though it did occasionally make her wince at her filling bladder.

"Nights here are so nice," she said to herself, "I can hear frogs, crickets, fish, crunching-"

Lakshmi froze at that last thought. "Crunching?" She was approaching an underpass, and she saw something moving in the shadows up ahead. She stepped forward to investigate when she heard the sound more clearly. It was very obviously the sound of crunching and tearing, like a something eating a deer. Her senses heightened, and the hairs on her arms stood up as she stepped back slowly. "Is that a coyote?" she wondered. "O-or a mountain lion?" Lakshmi wasn't going to stay around and find out, so she walked back up the embankment and crossed over the road that the trail cut under. Thankfully there were no cars at this hour, so she crossed quickly and clambered back down to the bike trail, looking behind her to the underpass she just went around.

Nothing.

The sound was gone, and there was no movement anymore. "Guess it ran away," she thought. But she was not prepared for what she was about to see when she turned back forward to her route. Standing on the bike trail was a creature two metres tall, the body of a spider with sharp claws, but a disturbing humanoid face with empty eye-sockets, a blood-curdling mouth, and hair of black fire, like something straight out of an internet creepypasta.

Lakshmi froze in shock, her knees knocking together.

"I-I....wha-..." she stammered, taking a deep swallow as she continued to process what she was looking at. And dangling from its mouth was not a deer, but a person, completely mangled and unrecognizable. Lakshmi took slow steps back, trembling. As stress and fear overtook her, a small spurt of pee escaped into her panties before she squeezed tight. Her stammering devolved into pitiful mumbles and crying. "O-oh God, wh-w-what are you-"

She was interrupted by a loud screech, followed by the creature lunging at her. Lakshmi screamed and ducked, just barely dodging the creature, before she sprinted up the embankment towards the maze of gas stations and convenient stores. The creature jumped up the embankment like it was nothing, and galloped towards her with death in its absent eyes. Lakshmi was not a very athletic person, so she had to duck and weave around cars and garbage cans before she found a convenient store she could hide in. The lights were off, but the door was left open, so she jumped inside to hide. Inside the store were short aisles of cheap beer and cigarettes, and the moon reflecting off the tile floor. Lakshmi panted and tried to catch her breath when she heard a crash from the other side of the building, followed by a low growl and the tapping of spiked feet. She carefully peaked through the aisle and saw the head of the tall creature searching for her, causing her to crouch back down.

"Ohmygodohmygodohmygod...." she muttered to herself, her legs shaking. Another spurt of pee shot into her panties, the faint smell rising from her crotch into the air. After a few seconds, the creature grunted, as if suddenly alert, and started skulking to her location. Lakshmi crawled around the isle, trying to find a place to escape. She had never been so terrified in her life, thinking "T-t-this thing is following my scent!" She crawled towards the back door of the store, which thankfully was also not locked, and she snuck outside while the creature continued to go wherever she just was.

Lakshmi stepped outside and shuddered. "What am I going to do!? I-I-I don't want to be eaten!" By now she had picked up a slight dance, desperate to pee, but that was not her primary concern. She paced back and forth trying to think of some way to knock the monster off her trail. Desperate from fear and a full bladder, she couldn't think straight, and her mind was filling with insane ideas. "Think, think, think Lakshmi!" she said to herself before she stopped and looked down at her clothes. She held the hem of her uniform blouse and let out a nervous sigh. "M-maybe I can make a decoy so the monster can attack it and I can run away..." She had had worse ideas in her life.

Blushing in embarrassment, she stripped off her skirt, blouse, and blazer, and dressed up a pile of trash bags. On the top she stacked a conveniently located jack-o-lantern to look like a head. All while she set up this crazy scheme she shivered and bounced on her legs as she heard sounds coming from inside the store. But just when she finished her ingenious decoy she turned around and saw she had no real escape route. The entire back yard of the store she was in was fenced off, and with nowhere to go she ducked behind a dumpster as the monster finally broke out of the store. Lakshmi peaked around and saw the monster investigate her decoy, not immediately attacking it.

"It's not fooled!" she worried under her breath, desperately hiding behind the dumpster. As the monster investigated the area, Lakshmi got more and more tense, more and more stressed, and more and more terrified. Her throat felt stiff and dry. Her knees were knocking hard enough to almost make a sound. And worst of all, her bladder was on the verge of bursting, contracting from the stressful conditions. She couldn't think of a worse position to be in, hiding behind a dumpster in her bra and damp panties. She held her breath, she held any sneeze she could possibly have, and she used all her mental will to hold her bladder. Her urethra was holding back an ocean, and one leak could alert the monster.

Almost in a taunting manner, the monster lifted up its claw, and sliced the pumpkin clean in two, leaving a grizzly fruity mess on the ground. Lakshmi imagined her head being sliced open like a pumpkin, and shuddered. Her body couldn't handle the stress anymore, and against all her will her urethra eased, and let loose a jet of pee into her underwear. She panicked and grasped her crotch, but fearing she would yell she clamped her mouth shut. Her legs tried to squeeze the stream closed, but a torrent formed as pee overflowed her panties and flowed down her legs, her puddle expanding right towards the monster, catching its attention.

Lakshmi was brought down to incoherently mumbling, tears flowing down her eyes, as the monster slowly climbed over the dumpster and faced her. She had nowhere to run to now.

BANG! BANG!

Two objects struck the monster, causing it to run away. Shivering, she turned to look at the source of the deafening sounds: a shotgun, and a man.

"What the hell are you doing here? And why are you like....that..." the man asked, pointing at Lakshmi's current immodest state.

Still trying to process what happened, and now absolutely mortified that she was in her underwear in front of a man, she ran back and grabbed her clothes to dress back up, apologizing to the man.

"You ok?" the man asked, finally bringing up the issue of Lakshmi's safety.

"Y-yeah...I-I think so," she stumbled, dressing back up and then running out of the store towards home, remaining vigilant all along the way.

