Anna

Author: minimu

*000*2013-02-12 00:15

Anna stood in the shower stall looking at herself in the mirror three feet across the tiny shower room. 20 years old, she thought, what am I doing? Her eyes drifted from her light brown collar-length hair down over the short white T-shirt with her breasts making two peaks since she had taken her bra off earlier for comfort. Below the hem of the T-shirt, her bright yellow panties tight round her belly, and disappearing round and back between her pale thighs. Anna dithered.

Earlier, she'd been on the bus back from a day's tutoring session at the center on the other side of town. Two buses away, and now with the rain leaving long diagonal streaks on the bus windows, a walk up the hill to the campus in the wet. Anna let her mind drift as the bus idled in traffic. She gazed out the window at the strip malls that lined both sides of the wide boulevard. She was tired and looked forward to having a relaxing evening by herself. Not that she didn't like the tutoring job - it was rewarding and gave her some much-needed cash, and could be fitted around her college classes and studies.

The voices from the two people a couple of rows behind and one the other side of the bus intruded on her reverie. A girl, similar to her age, and a guy. The girl was telling her companion about a concert she and friends had been to recently. The girl was explaining that it had been very crowded and hard to move in all other other people there. she went one to eagerly relate to her companion a story that one of her friends had actually wet herself there. Anna started to eavesdrop. Apparently the friend had been desperate to pee for ages and they hadn't been able to find a toilet. By 9 o'clock her discomfort had been obvious to others, and when it got to about 10 o'clock, "she just couldn't wait any longer!". This, the girl excitedly related to her male friend on the bus, and they both chuckled about it.

Anna thought about it. She herself liked the feeling of holding on a while before going to pee, sometimes, when she was alone, to the stage of having to dance around and hold herself, but she had never felt like she would actually wet herself - something she had not done since she was a kid. She couldn't really imagine not being able to hold it as long as she needed to. The conversation went on about how cold it was on the way home from the concert, but it Was coming up to Anna's stop, and she got up and moved over to the exit as the bus was slowing down.

Anna went straight into the cafeteria in the residence hall since it was getting late for serving. she spotted her friends Ellen and Amber, so sat with them and let them do most of the talking. Afterwards, as they put their trays into the rack, Anna said she was off up to her room and would see them tomorrow. Anna's room was on the 6th floor of the residence building, one of a block of 8 rooms off a central stairway. The rooms themselves were tiny, with small windows and utilitarian furniture but they each had an ensuite with toilet and shower, something Anna especially liked, since it gave her complete privacy in contrast to her older sister's college, where showers were shared between several rooms.

She took off her coat, damp from the rain and hung it over the chair by the desk. Her jeans were damp at the front also so she kicked off her sneakers and took the jeans off too, draping them over the desk. That evening, she was going to watch a movie on her computer, one she'd been wanting to see for a while, and finally got the chance to borrow it on DVD. It was good to chill out and relax and the room was warm, so she took her socks off and slouched back on the bed. By the middle of the movie, Anna was quite feeling she needed to go to the bathroom, but didn't want to pause the DVD and get up to go so she just ignored her need. At the end though, as the credits started rolling, she hit the stop button and got off the bed and into the bathroom. The feeling of needing to pee made her remember the story she'd overheard on the bus.

She approached the toilet and turned to sit, hands on the sides of her panties to pull them down, then hesitated. she wondered What it would be like to pee in her panties. She could try just sitting on the toilet and peeing with her panties on, but to be like the girl at the concert that couldn't hold it, she would have to stand up. If she did it standing up in the shower then there would be no mess to clean up and she could just take a shower afterwards. She was alone, in private. She was responsible for doing her own laundry, so why not?

She felt this was a taboo, and was tempted to just give up the thought. But since she was needing to pee quite badly, Anna forced herself to relax and let a tiny dribble go, then involuntarily tensed to hold it back, a lifetime of training kicking in. She immediately felt the dampness, but discovered that the liquid was absorbed by the thin cotton fabric and there were no drips. She tried to relax again and started to let it flow, slowly at first then more. The hot urine pooled around her crotch briefly and lower butt and then she felt it cascading down the backs of her thighs to splatter onto the white plastic shower tray. She watched a yellow puddle form around her feet, before running down the shower drain.

Anna enjoyed the relief of peeing, and liked the feeling of the wet panty fabric hugging her crotch. She squeezed out as much pee as she had in her then looked at herself again in the mirror on the wall across from the shower stall. Where the yellow triangle of her panties curved away underneath her, she could see a darker shade of wetness. She touched her fingertips to the wettest part of her panties and ran her fingers back and forth a few times. Reaching for a towel, she wiped her feet and legs, and stepped out of the shower. Then she sat on the toilet with her knees apart and touched her wet panties again. Then she started to masturbate, slowly rubbing the wet fabric into her pussy.

###

A few days later Anna decided to try it again. She'd gone to have coffee after class, sat talking with her classmates for a while then spent the next two hours in the college library. As she sat in the library, pretending to read a book, she was enjoying getting nice and full, putting off as long as possible the time when she would get up and head back to her room for a long pleasurable pee in the shower stall. When she thought she really couldn't sit still any longer, she got up and took her bag, walking towards the library entrance. Before she got there, she remembered she needed to borrow a book for an assignment due soon. Because there wasn't much time left, Anna didn't want to delay it until another day. She turned and went towards the section of shelving where she knew the book would be.. if it was not already borrowed by someone else.

Anna walked along the aisle between two walls of shelving, towering above her head. Stopping at the right section, she bent her head to the side to look along the spines of the books for the one she wanted. Impatient due to her need to pee, she jiggled around slightly while her eyes scanned the rows of books. "Come on, come on" she thought, as she bent over to see the lowest row. Suddenly she spied the red spine of the book she was after and crouched down to take it from the shelf. Anna turned and walked back to the exit where the checkout machines were.

Walking was more comfortable than trying to stand still when she was badly needing to pee, but there was a line at the machines where she had to wait her turn. Only a few minutes, but of course she had to stand still, which was getting more difficult. At last she was able to walk up to a vacant machine, put her card then book under the scanner, and go. Anna put the book in her bag and walked out of the library exit into the hallway where the elevators were. She could have taken the stairs down to the street level but her bladder was just too full and she didn't want the extra discomfort. There were three others waiting for the elevator, so she had to stand behind them and try to look calm. It was a struggle to stand still now and she wondered if she had left it too long before leaving. She could always go to the restrooms here but it would be waste of effort after building up for so long - she wanted to go back to her room and enjoy it properly.

She anxiously watched the red numbers above the elevator doors show the floors, willing them to come, as she shifted her weight from one foot to the other.

Eventually the elevator arrived and after a moment of panic when she almost thought she would lose control and leak a little bit, the door opened. Anna walked in, glad to be moving again. Thankfully she noticed that the others were going down to the exit floor also. Anna moved to the back corner so they wouldn't notice her discomfort. She badly wanted to cross her legs and jam her hand up to her crotch but of course she couldn't. She tried to look nonchalant and unconcerned. The urge was enormous and she felt her legs trembling. Despite all her efforts, she felt a little pee leak out and she felt the wetness of her panties but hoped her jeans would absorb it.

As the car slowed and lurched to a stop at her floor, she couldn't hold back another dribble, a longer one this time. she felt herself blushing but started to walk out after the others, who walked slowly to the exit door and paid her no attention. Anna wanted to barge past and rush out, back to the safety of her room, but it was really too uncomfortable to walk. She realized that she had to find somewhere right now. She turned and walked back along the hallway to the restrooms, feeling the dampness of her crotch. She looked down at her jeans - she couldn't see anything but maybe at the back? she hoped no-one would see. She dribbled again as she turned into the restrooms and lurched into a stall, banging the door behind her.

She didn't care about locking it, just frantically undoing the button and zipper of her jeans, pushing them out of the way and almost falling back on the toilet seat as she started to pee uncontrollably through her purple panties. She sat there and peed, feeling the pee soak her butt and pour into the toilet below. After she had no more, she carefully looked over the wet areas of her jeans. A patch at the back and some on the waistband but not too bad. All near the top and would be covered by her sweater if she pulled it down a bit more than usual. Her panties were saturated though. There were still a few drips falling off the back but they were made of some synthetic fabric like nylon or polyester and didn't hold as much as cotton did. She tore off some toilet paper and wiped the worst of the residual liquid from her panties.

She stood up and hooked her thumbs under the elastic below her buttocks, pulling her panties away slightly from her skin. She let them back again and brought her hands back in front of her. She noticed the cool wet clingyness of her panties now as the warmth ebbed away. Anna pulled up her jeans over her wet panties and went home, enjoying the feeling and looking forward to touching the wet area over her pussy more once she was in private again. Maybe next time she'd dare to just do it outside.

*001*2013-02-12 02:22

The Party

Anna craned her neck to look back toward the bathroom door. Damn - someone else just went in. she had been wanting to go for a pee for ages, and always the bathroom seemed to be occupied. That was the trouble with student parties, lots of people drinking a lot, and one bathroom. she turned back to the rest of the group she was part of, talking about some TV show she hadn't seen. Well, she'd have to be going soon anyway.

Soon afterwards, a few people started to leave and Anna felt she could get away also. She finished has glass of wine and started to say goodbye to the others. Finally she was able to get through to the kitchen to thank Katie and Susan, whose apartment it was, before escaping out into the cooler air outside. As she walked away from the apartment building towards the campus, she realized she did have a bit of a buzz from the wine and felt somehow contented with it and somehow a tiny bit reckless.

As she crossed Huntley Road and onto the footpath that led towards the residence hall, the only thing intruding on her good feelings was the nagging urge to pee. Normally Anna quite liked that - holding on and then enjoying the feeling of relief later - but tonight she found it a bit of a nuisance since it had been going on too long. With this, an exciting idea came into her head. What if she peed in her panties outside? There were some people quite a way ahead but they were walking in the same direction as she was, so they wouldn't see, and fortunately she was wearing a fairly short dress under her coat. She decided to walk across the grass, away from the path and its dim lighting, over to the hedge where shadows would give her more cover for what she wanted to do. At the hedge, she stepped out of her shoes and bent down to pick them up, then, shoes in hand, started to walk along by the hedge slowly while she scanned around for anyone that would notice.

No-one. Anna paused, bent forwards very slightly and after a second or two, started to dribble pee. The familiar welling up of warmth round her butt and then splashing down her thighs, over her feet and into the grass. She tried to hold her skirt and coat away from her so they wouldn't get wet. The stream got stronger as she relaxed control and then eventually just drips. Her legs grew cold in the breeze but she liked the clammy wetness of her panties as she put her shoes back on and walked back to the path. Her heart almost stopped as she thought she heard a movement on the other side of the hedge, but after standing motionless and listening, decided it was nothing, and walked back to her room.

Anna was nervous about whether it was obvious to anyone what she's done, and as soon as she got into the door and into the light, quickly looked down and felt round the back of her clothes for evidence of wetness. There was a sound outside which made Anna jump - someone coming in! She tried to look nonchalant and turn towards the stairs but half-turned to see who it was. The girl from next door to Ellen. Katherine was her name, Anna thought. Long blond hair and seemed a bit snooty most of the time, like she had plenty of money from her family and didn't have to work for it. Katherine looked at Anna and smiled. Anna turned back and hurried upstairs.

She took off coat and shoes, then pulled the dress over her head and examined it. A little wet at the back but nothing that couldn't be washed at the weekend. Standing in her white satin panties with the lace sides, Anna smiled at her daring, then sat on the floor and began to massage herself through the wet fabric.

Slave for a Day.

Every year the college had a slave auction event for charity, where students would put their names forward as "slaves" for a day and other students would submit sealed bids to "buy" them for that day. All proceeds to charity of course, and amounts of money were fairly small.

Anna, Ellen and Amber had all put their names down after an evening spent drinking white wine and giggling like mad at things they might be asked to do. But Anna had forgotten about the opening of bids in the cafeteria one evening and was late back from tutoring anyway and missed it. Ellen yelled over to her next day as she walked over to her class. "Did you see who bought you?" said Ellen, "it was that Katherine in the room next door to me".

"Why her?" Anna wondered out loud, "she doesn't even know me!".

Anna checked the notice board later and sure enough it was Katherine, and her room number. Next Saturday was "slave day". She'd ask Katherine why she picked Anna. Anna was at the tutoring center only on Saturday morning, so after she got back, she went to Katherine's room on the way up to her own room. Anna planned to just see what Katherine wanted first then come back later if necessary. she actually want to go to the toilet anyway, so that would mean a trip up to her own room.

She knocked on Katherine's door and opened and went in when she heard a muffled "come in, it's open" from inside. Katherine seemed like she was about to go out. "Oh, um, come in," she said. "I almost forgot. Um... I have to go out for a while though.".

"Is there something you want me to do then.. while you're out?" Anna asked hesitantly. It seemed they were both a bit unprepared. Katherine said Anna could do her laundry. There were coins for the machines in a paper cup on the desk and a spare key to her room in there too. Katherine indicated the laundry in a holdall at the foot of the bed then said she'd be back later and left, closing the door behind her.

It all seemed very strange to Anna. Leaving her door key and trusting her to be in her room with her things. And laundry? Anna would never let anyone near her clothes for washing. Anna looked around the room, at Katherine's things lying around, trying not to feel like an intruder. Then she picked the holdall up and put it on the bed. It was unzipped, with clothes threatening to spill out. Anna pickup a sweatshirt from the top so she could put it inside and a pair of black satin panties fell out onto the bed. They were quite fancy, with narrow lace panels at the sides and a little pink bow at the waist. So much prettier than Anna's panties, bought mostly in multi-packs at chain stores. Anna picked them up and liked the slinky feel of the material. She noticed they were quite stained inside, with a hardened area across the gusset.

She put them up to her nose and took a tentative sniff. Smelling Katherine's scent was nice. From Katherine's description, she would be gone a a while. Anna wanted to see what she looked like wearing Katherine's panties so she took off her jeans and her own panties and pulled on the black ones. She felt excited to have that stain against her own body and felt herself get a little moist as she stepped into Katherine's shower room to look at herself in the mirror.

The size suited Anna just fine, and she turned to look at her behind in the mirror as if she was trying on clothes in a store. Then she went to see what other panties were in the holdall. Anna amused herself trying on all the ones she could find, ending with a pink G-string mostly of lace. Then she went back to the black pair she tried on first. Anna had deliberately peed in all her own panties at different times, mostly in private but sometimes outdoors at night, and knew the feel of all of them. Now she couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to pee in Katherine's panties.

She was going to wash them all anwyay, so what harm could it do? And by now she definitely needed to pee. Anna took her socks off and stepped up into the shower tray. Well-practiced now, she began to dribble pee. Out it ran, down her thighs. She had only just started when she heard the key in the lock and froze in terror, her sphincter tightening to stop the pee. There was nowhere to hide. The room was so small that Katherine was into the doorway of the shower room almost immediately. Anna stood there rigid with embarassment as a drip of urine ran down the back of her thigh and onto the plastic shower tray. she felt her face hot with shame and opened her mouth but could only stammer "I..I..was..just..." before realizing she had nothing to say. Katherine looked at her calmly and kicked the sandals from her feet.

Anna watched her as she stepped up into the shower also. "It's OK," said Katherine and kept her gaze on Anna's face. Anna was puzzled for a second then heard water running onto the shower tray. she looked down and saw a yellow stream cascading from the leg of Katherine's orange sports shorts, and a yellow puddle spreading at their feet. I knew you liked it... and so do I. Katherine smiled.

Anna stammered "...so...so... you don't mind?". Katherine said of course she didn't, in fact she was very happy to find Anna like this. "Did you finish it?" she asked. Anna said no, and with the relief at Katherine's reaction, felt she had to let go more than ever now. "Then it's your turn again," said Katherine and Anna started to peee again. Katherine knelt down and crept behind Anna as much as the tiny shower stall would allow. Then she pushed her face up against Anna's butt and let the urine run over her face and into her mouth. When they were both empty, Katherine said, "we are going to have so much fun, you and I."

