Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 8

Author: omobecca

*147*2020-03-03 11:26

New Years Revelations – Part 4

“YOU. DIDN’T!?”

Lula winced her face. Her eyebrows lowered as she smirked.

“You whORE” Rosie exclaimed.

“Shut up” Lula replied, lifting her bottle and finishing the last of the alcohol, She rested the empty bottle on the floor next to her first.

“Did he…?”

“Hmm?”

“You know?” Rosie said, putting her hand in front of her crotch and suggestively raising it. Lula nodded gently.

“Well, that’s how I… knew? He… was”

Rosie edged forwards.

“I couldn’t move in case he woke up. So just had to… wait”

“WhhhHoRE” Rosie murmured. Lula punched Rosie’s knee.

“Nothing happened. It was just… hard… and… warm? On my leg”

“BOnER” Rosie exclaimed again.

“Ssshhhhhhh” Lula panicked. Their parents’ downstairs kept varying in how loud they were shouting.

Lula shifted her weight. She slipped her right foot from under her bottom but stayed crossed legged on the floor. She swayed left and right on each cheek, easing the pressure she was feeling.

“I’m out too” Rosie complained, looking at her two empty bottles.

“I don’t think I’d be allowed to get any more” Lula admitted.

“Maybe coke or something?” she continued.

“That’s boring” Rosie complained once again.

“No way we’d sneak anything back here”

“Can’t you hear? They must be drunk by now”

“I don’t know” Lula replied, shifting her weight still. Rosie nodded towards her.

“You need to go, don’t you?”

Neither of the girls had done anything yet. After the confrontation not an hour ago, a weight seemed to have dropped from both their shoulders and they fell into deep conversation. Lula shook her head awkwardly.

“A bit” Lula admitted.

“Hmm. Same” Rosie stated. Lula peered back at Rosie’s crotch. The darker wet patch she’d made earlier had mostly dried from where she’d been moving around on the floor. If she looked closely she could make out a patch from where the pee had dried but it wasn’t too obvious.

“So what? Are we… are you actually going to do anything?” Lula asked.

“Well, yeah”

“Okay” Lula replied, her enthusiasm for conversation once again dying.

“You still don’t want to? Come on Lule’s, we’ve done the shitty awkward bit. We both know now”

“Yeah. I know” she admitted.

“The taxi? The hostel? The woods? The blow up bed? Come on. I’ve seen you do it so many times and you’ve seen me”

Lula blushed.

“Grr. Fine. I’ma put mine on” Rosie announced. Lula looked up in wonder. Right in front of her, Rosie unzipped her jeans and wriggled out of them. Her white knickers were slightly see-through where she’d peed a bit earlier. Lula forced herself to look away.

“Umm…” Rosie said awkwardly, looking around, “Yeah look away”

Rosie pulled a nappy from her bag and leaped towards Lula’s bedroom door, behind a chest of drawers. She wriggled around once more before Lula heard a slight rustle and Rosie lifting something up to her waist. She bent down again and pulled another thing up towards her waist. Rosie stepped back into view and stood there almost proudly. Her big, pink jumper rested just below her waist but didn’t hide the fact Rosie was wearing the nappy under her white knickers. She smiled and stepped back into her jeans before pulling them up as well. Once zipped up, she lifted her jumper and checked her waist. She patted her backside and pulled th jeans tight.

Huh. It’s not actually that obvious she’s wearing it. Like, I know because… I know. But it’s not actually that thick. Damn. Has she ever done this before when we’ve gone out? I’ve never looked for it so would never have known.

“You can’t really tell” Lula shyly admitted.

“Good, huh?” Rosie rubbed her thighs then sat back down.

“You? Might make you less scared?”

“I’m not… scared”

“Mmmhmmmm”

Lula felt her heart rate increase slightly. God, I want to. I… Fuck it.

Lula slapped her hands on her knees and stood up. Rosie’s gaze was fixed on Lula as she slowly formed a wide smile. Lula clambered over her mattress and shoved her hand underneath, making a rustling noise as she moved her hand around the plastic bags. Lula could hear Rosie eagerly scratching at the denim over her knees.

“Umm, you can look away too?” Lula asked. Rosie nodded and turned around. Stepping back down from her bed, Lula unzipped her own jeans and stepped out. She wiggled out of her light blue knickers and paused. What. No. Should I… Fuck it, you’re stood here almost naked. Do something.

She places each foot through the holes and lifted the nappy up to her waist. She closed her eyes and exhaled deeply as the padding compressed against her crotch. She inhaled sharply. As she started to lift her knickers Rosie began to turn around.

“Done? I heard it…”

Lula flinched as Rosie began to turn. She whipped her underwear up.

“Cute” Rosie joked. Lula’s face went red before she pulled her jeans up. She flinched again and froze as she heard a shout from downstairs. Rosie’s head also flicked over to the door. As Rosie looked away, Lula pulled her jeans up quickly and zipped herself up. She nervously felt around herself trying to see if it was as well hidden as Rosie’s.

“Looks okay” Rosie reassured her, noticing Lula was twisting and pulling at her clothes.

“Really? Is it obvious?”

“… Not really”

“You paused” Lula stated.

“Well, I know”

“Hmm”

“It’s fine”

“I don’t know”

“Really, it’s fine” Rosie tried to convince her. Lula winced.

Lula frantically moved across her room, almost stepping over Rosie who leaned out of the way. She dived into her drawers and started shifting clothes out of the way. She pulled out a thick, comfy looking pairs of grey jogging bottoms. She climbed out of her jeans once again and stepped into the joggers, tying the cord at the top to tighten them at her waist. The joggers were considerably looser than her jeans. She sighed in relief. There was no padding or anything visibly obvious that she was wearing a nappy.

“Happy now?” Rosie asked. For a second, Lula almost completely forgot Rosie was there. She was locked on finding something baggier to wear.

“Yeah” she admitted. Lula began to relax and feel less tense about the whole situation. She realised that distractions and feeling tense usually helped her hold; but the come down from that feeling reminded her she needed to pee tenfold. She looked down at Rosie. Rosie raised her eyebrows.

“GIRRLLSS!!!” boomed a voice from downstairs. They both flinched.

“COME HEERREE!!!”

They stared at each other.

“What’s the…” Lula began. Rosie already knew. She checked her phone. It was 11:59.

“Oh shit” Rosie said out loud. Lula’s heart sunk. Oh fuckedy fuckedy fuck fuck. They’ll know. They’ll see it.

“It’s alright” Rosie reassured her, standing up and grabbing her shoulders.

“Come on, can’t be late for twenty twenty!” Rosie was delightfully reassuring as she encouraged her friend.

I don’t have a choice. I HAVE to go downstairs now. I can’t do anything in a literal minute. Hooooohhhh. Breathe. Okay. Just… go. It’ll be okay. Less than a minute. They won’t notice.

“It’s fine!” Rosie reassured her, almost laughing. Lula didn’t actually realise how much the joggers hid any sign of a nappy.

After tens of seconds, but to Lula what felt like minutes, of encouragement, Rosie pulled Lula from her bedroom and down the stairs.

“Take your time!” bellowed Lula’s Dad who grabbed his daughter by the shoulders in an embrace. She giggled nervously.

“There they are!” called out Rosie’s Mum, “Come on!”

The girls walked into the living room to find the live countdown on the TV. The beat of the countdown hit at Lula’s inside as the volume was turned up to fill the room. The London Eye was lit up bright blue. A sea of blue phones were held up by people as they recorded what was about to unfold. Each compartment of the London Eye pulsated with each tick of the countdown. Anticipation filled the room.

“Nearly there, girls!” Lula’s Mum said, handing them both a small glass of Rose wine. She nodded gently and smiled as she handed over Lula’s. She smiled back at her Mother. There seemed to be an understanding between them both about the whole alcohol situation. Either an understanding or she’s just too drunk…

Lula looked round to Rosie who shrugged and smiled.

“That was easy!” Rosie whispered, raising her glass. Lula raised her eyebrows and they both took a swig. The sweetness and crispness tickled Lula’s lips. The flavour was almost overwhelming at first but she quickly realised it wasn’t too strong.

*Five!… four!… three!*

The crowd counting down on the TV rose the excitement in the room. Lula shifted slightly in her seat but held on tight as the moment came closer.

*Two!... one!... BONG cracklecracklecrackle BONG cracklecracklecrackle BONG cracklecracklecrackle*

“HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!” everyone in the room shouted in unison.

The birds eye view of The London Eye showed it lit up in the red, white, and blue of the Union Flag. Fireworks were let off with each bong of Big Ben. Lula’s parents and Rosie’s parents hugged respectively as each bong passed on into the first seconds of the new year. Rosie grabbed Lula’s spare hand tightly and rubbed her thumb over Lula’s own. They smiled at each other.

“Happy new year” Rosie mouthed. Lula returned the gesture.

As the twelfth bong chimed and the music kicked in, both girls found themselves pulled to their feet by their parents and hugged tightly. Almost spilling her wine, Lula fell into her Dad’s chest and arms as he held her close. Despite the embrace, all she could think of was the fact he might accidentally feel what she was wearing down below. Annoyingly, that fear seemed to be quickly overpowering her excitement. Her Dad let go and she shared a moment with her Mum, followed by each of Rosie’s parents as they all shared hugs with each other. Each parent pulled their daughter close and sat them down close to watch the fireworks.

The minutes passed. Each new song played and more amazing fireworks were set off.

Eugh. I wish these would hurry up.

Lula was sat somewhat uncomfortably on the arm of the sofa where she’d ended up sitting with her parents. She was shifting around, feeling the padding of the nappy move against the skin of her backside. She kept looking to Rosie to see if she was experiencing the same problem. It didn’t seem so.

But she’s better ta hiding it… right? Ugghhhh come on.

*Shooullld auld acquaintance be forgot*

Oh no.

*And neeever brought to mind*

All the parents suddenly jumped from their seats, placing their glasses on the closest possible surface. Both Lula and Rosie were once again and pulled upwards as everyone crossed arms and linked hands.

*Shooullld auld acquaintance be forgot, and Auld land syne?*

Everyone swung their arms with the beat of the music, pretending to sing along with the lyrics that honestly, the parents were too tipsy to sing and the girls didn’t actually know the words to.

Lula was finding that standing up straight without the ability to support herself was more difficult that she’d expected. With her Mum on her left and Rosie’s Dad on her right raising and lowering her arms with their different levels of strength, and Lula having no control of the movement of her arms, she suddenly felt quite helpless and began to enjoy herself a bit less.

*Aand surellly I’ll bee miine, And wee’ll tak a cup o’ kiindess yet, Forrr auld land syynnee*

Lula clenched her thighs together and loosened her grip slightly with each hand. She felt the first dribble escape as her upper body was repeatedly jolted about without her control.

Fuck. fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck.

She was struggling to force a smile and seem cheerful. Lula was having to forcibly tense her crotch to not release it all in that moment.

As the song finished and switched to a more upbeat style, everyone released hands and began hugging again. Lula felt arms around her again but didn’t know who’s. All she knew was they were rubbing her back. She winced and struggled slightly as the persons arm moved up her back and then down towards her waist.

Noooooooooooooooooooo.

“You okay?” Her Mum asked.

“Y... yeah” she replied, trying not to make it obvious she was catching her breath.

“You sure?” her Mum asked again.

“Just tired” Lula lied.

“Me too” Rosie piped up, pretending to yawn.

“Oh okay, you can both go back upstairs then. You can stay here if you want?”

Lula realised what Rosie was doing.

“No”, she pretended to yawn also, “It’s okay thank you” Lula lied.

“Awww, okay, good night girls, happy new year!” stated Molly.

“Night, Mum!” Rosie replied as she twitched her head to the left, signalling Lula to leave the room with her.

“Thanks” Lula whispered as they clambered up the stairs. She let out a sigh of relief.

Without thinking, or maybe thinking too much, Lula made a bee line straight for the bathroom.

“Where…?” Rosie began as she realised. Lula was making panicked whimpers. Rosie turned and followed Lula.

“No…!” Lula began as she fell past the door. She knew the choice to go normally had passed. She was wearing protection and for that reason was lucky but knew there was no way out of a wetting. She turned and pulled at the waist of her joggers but they stayed put from where she’d tightened them earlier. She scrunched her face and sat down on the toilet, still wearing her joggers. Rosie stood in the doorway, shifing her own weight as she leaded on the doorframe.

A rush of relief fizzed in Lula’s chest as in less than a second the flood of pee left her and began to fill the padding of the nappy. Lula kept her eyes closed as she breathed heavily. She felt the force of her pee not only leave her but compress against her. The warmth spread at her vagina and dribbled underneath her towards her ass. The dribble turned into stream then into a wave. All of her skin covered by the padding began to get damp. The soft sound of absorption turned into a pool as she felt the pee puddle at her backside. She could feel her stream filling up beneath her. The strangest thing though? No sound of pee hitting the toilet water. Lula was adamant it would start leaking. She thought she felt her pee fill up to the sides of the nappy, but it didn’t. As quickly as her pee pooled, it began to sink into the soft material against her. As she finished, her waist felt heavy and damp but the relief was indescribable. She let out a final long breath.

A few seconds of disbelief passed. The muffled sound of the TV and parents downstairs was all that broke the stunned silence. Lula looked up at Rosie with embarrassment and guilt. Rosie was still stood in the doorway, smiling, shaking her right leg.

“Easy, right?” she asked cheerily. Lula’s mouth opened to speak but nothing came out. Rosie shrugged then held her crotch while bobbing up and down. Lula just stared at Rosie, mouth still gawping.

Rosie stood up straight, then leaned forwards slightly to look down at her legs. She took one step into the tiled floor of the bathroom and pointed at her crotch with both forefingers. Nothing.

Rosie’s face relaxed and she laughed slightly. She gently bent her knees and took a deep breath. As far as Lula was concerned, still, nothing was happening. For Rosie though, she could feel the warmth pool beneath her. Her waist felt like jelly as the pee escaped from her at full force. She could feel her crotch get warm and damp as the pee spread and filled the padding. The pool spread to her backside also and started to absorb in the seat of the nappy. Rosie then squeezed her thighs together as she peed. She took a sharp breath as she felt it all squish between her legs. Lula noticed the bulge of the full nappy as Rosie clenched her legs.

Her crotch seemed to remain large and puffed. Lula then saw the dark patch form on the inside of Rosie’s thigh and slowly trickle down to her knee. As Rosie pulled her legs apart, the insides of both her legs were tainted dark blue. Lula noticed that the dark spots glistened slightly. The leak started on the other thigh. Rosie clamped her legs together once again and the face of her crotch shone with pee as it overflowed her nappy. Lula instinctively, but carefully, pushed her thighs together. She flinched and felt herself twinge as she felt the warm padding squish between her own thighs. She felt it all shift and compress between her legs. Lula snapped her head up as she heard a few droplets fall from Rosie’s jeans onto the hard floor.

Rosie made a cute ‘oop’ sound as she realised. Lula crossed her calved as she continued to sit, and she rubbed her hand over the top of her joggers. She clenched her hand over the puffiness of the nappy. The sensation of moving the material against her skin made her breathless. She felt a wave of pins and needles explode from her chest and fall like tickly glitter to her vagina. She shivered. As she pulled her hand away there was the faintest of dark grey spots on her joggers where she’d clenched the outside of the nappy. The slight stain was in the shape of her fingers and palm. Se quickly polled her hand away.

“Mm” Rosie muttered from the other side of the room.

“You’re cleaning that” Lula joked.

“They only really hold one”

“So you…?”

“Downstairs yeah. Slowly. They work better if it’s not all like… in one go”

“Well… mine did?”

“Lucky”

“What now then? What would you do now?” Lula asked.

Rosie shrugged.

“If I were at home I’d stay in bed, hah”

“Yeah not here”

“Hmm, no”

Rosie grabbed a roll of toilet paper and began to wipe her droplets from the floor.

“Budge” she ordered, hovering her hand over the toilet to drop in the paper. Lula pushed herself off the seat and stood there. She twisted her back and looked at her ass. The only evidence of what she’d done was her faint hand print on the front of her joggers. Honestly, you almost couldn’t tell what she was wearing and what she’d done

“You want your bag?” Lula asked.

“Umm, yeah please”

Lula walked, but felt se was waddling, from the bathroom. She picked up Rosie’s bag from her room and took it back to her.

“How was it then?” Rosie asked.

“Nice…” Lula admitted.

“Yeah it was”

“What’re you going to do now?” Rosie asked.

“Dunno. Take it off?”

“Yours didn’t leak though”

“Oh is that how it works? Use it till’ it bursts?”

“If you want to”

“Dunno. I’ll close the door yeah?” Lula asked. Rosie nodded.

Back in side her bedroom, Lula stopped and stood.

She’s right though… could probably use it again. Fuck. It feels… Mmm. What if I… squeeze standing… ohhghh. Mmm.

Lula untied her joggers and pulled them down to her knees. Her knickers had stretched to allow the nappy’s expansion. She grabbed herself and squeezed again. Her body shivered once again. With only a few seconds of consideration, Lula pulled the waterproof sheet from the floor and flung her duvet from her bed. She tore her sheet from the mattress and began to fit the waterproof sheet. Her heart raced as she tried to do it as quickly as possible. She pinged the normal sheet back on and bounced as she slumped down.

Lula was throbbing. The nerves and guilt had vanished. She wasn’t yet sure if she was comfortable with all this and Rosie now knowing but in this moment, alone for now, she felt bubbled in her little dirty world of comfort.

Happy new year to me.

*154*2020-04-09 00:50

Hello people. Hope you’re all staying safe at the moment! I’m so sorry for not posting at all recently. Things have been manic with my life and what’s going on. Honestly, I neglected the story for a while because Lula’s life became less important than my own, my family and my friends. I hope you all understand.

Having said all that, Lula is now in 2020 – finally. I hade an idea how to finish this current storyline but I’ve lost my creative mojo a bit. I’m going to blame the current situation again. If anyone has any ideas of where they’d like to see this story go… side stories, character arcs, new characters etc then please message me. I might not respond but I’ll definitely read the ideas. I still want to continue the story but again, very busy. Won’t say how or why.

Please enjoy. Please stay indoors. xx

New Years Revelations – Part 5

Lula couldn’t get comfortable under her covers. She heard the faint rustling of the mattress protector beneath her sheet. Her heart began to pump harder as she imagined her parents walking in and sitting on her bed. She kept pressing her thighs together to feel the plumpness of the nappy between her legs. She let out a quiet moan.

As Lula pressed her thighs. She felt a slight dampness against the skin of her crotch. Lula arched her back and squeezed the outside of her joggers with a handful of squishy nappy beneath them. Her whole waist seemed to stiffen as pins and needles exploded, filling her body. Lula began to brush her hand over the face of the nappy as her chest tensed and she froze in place. She heard her door open and close.

*THUMP. THUMP. THUMP. THUMP*

Lula’s heart battered her ribcage. She was holding her breath but couldn’t slow her heartbeat.

“Why’s…?”

Lula, guiltily, looked over at Rosie.

“Have you…?”

Lula’s face burned a bright red. She tried to giggle but it came out as a panicked, fast paced breathing.

“Why are you still nervous?” Rosie asked looking concerned.

Again, Lula tried to respond but couldn’t make out any words. Rosie sighed.

Without warning, Rosie dropped her bag on the floor and pulled down her tight, black leggings. She had put on a fresh nappy.

“I brought more. Stop panicking!” Rosie announced as she rubbed her hands through her hair, tying it into a ponytail.

“I’m not PANickING” Lula lied.

“Liar. Question though. Where am I sleeping if you stole the sheet?”

Lula invitingly nodded towards her own bed. The girls would regularly sleep top and tail in each other’s beds during sleepovers when they were younger. Not so much in the last few years though.

“Like old times?” Rosie smiled.

“Suppose”

Lula’s heartbeat had began to calm as she was once again getting more comfortable with her and Rosie’s mutual respect for what was going on. She curled her legs so she wasn’t taking up so much of the bed as Rosie slipped underneath the covers at the end of the bed. Lula felt a tingle as she heard the crinkle of the mattress protector beneath them both as Rosie shifted around.

What if we both get it wet? That’ll be disgusting? She can’t go that much though surely? She’s in a new one. I might… Shit I can’t with her here. She won’t mind though? That’s the whole point of this? Gah, Fuck.

“I should have got the light” Rosie admitted.

“You should have” pestered Lula.

“UggghhhhhhhhH” Rosie sighed as she kicked back out of the bed. Lula had to hold the duvet tight to stop it being kicked away.

Almost as quickly as the bedroom light clicked off, Lula’s phone lit up her side of the room.

“Who’s that?” Rosie asked.

Lula leaned over, feeling the warmth of the backside of her nappy peel away from her skin as she grabbed her phone. She shifted her weight as she laid back onto the damp padding.

Tom: “Happy New Year xxx”

“I… wasn’t expecting that”

“What!?”

“Tom”

“Fuck him” Rosie exclaimed.

“I…”

“Did?”

“What? No, fuck off”

“Jokes Lule’s. What’d he say?”

“Just happy new year with some kisses”

“He think it’s okay to just text with kisses out of the blue?”

“He’s probably with his mates and it’s a joke”

“Not fair on you”

“Well I’ve opened it now so he knows I’ve read it”

“Why’d you open it?”

“Dunno”

“Uggh well just ignore it” Rosie demanded.

A few seconds passed.

“WHY do I hear clicking? WHAT are you saying?”

“Just the same why shouldn’t I?”

“Because!? He messed you about!”

“Yeah, so?”

“SO!? Are you dumb?”

“Rosie I’m laying in bed in a nappy but you’re telling me I shouldn’t reply?”

“No, bitch. Don’t reply. WHY did I just hear the sent whoosh? WHAT are you doing?!”

“Dunno”

“Do you… still… like…?”

“I don’t know. It’s too cheesy to say I was heartbroken so maybe I’m not over him”

Silence fell again.

“You’re judging me”

Rosie scoffed.

“Obviously”

“I hate it when you do that. You’re doing your squinty eyes and stiff lips look I know it”

Rosie took a deep breath and almost growled as she exhaled.

“What did you say?”

“Happy new year” Lula replied.

“What else?”

“A few kisses”

“You’re a fool”

“Mmm”

“Put your phone down and ignore it”

“Yes, Mum”

“Seriously, Lule’s, you’re your own worst enemy”

“Probably” she responded, placing her phone back on the floor and plugging it in. Within seconds the room dimly lit up again.

“IGNORE” Rosie snarled.

Lula picked up the phone again and read the message from the lock screen.

Tom: “New year new chance?”

Lula spluttered as she choked on her own saliva.

“What?” Rosie asked.

Lula felt her belly erupt with butterflies as she felt Rosie’s legs shift under the covers. She was taken back to the night at the hostel in bed with Tom. The innocence. The safety. The embraces. Lula closed her eyes and took a few controlled breaths. Her face began to crease as her lips whimpered. She shut her eyes ever tighter as she felt them flood with tears. She began to sniff loudly.

“Nuh uh” Rosie disagreed and pulled the phone from Lula’s hands, placing it back on the floor.

“I know that sound too well” she admitted and switched her position on the bed to be next to Lula.

“You’re still dumb you know that?” Rosie claimed.

Lula nodded into her pillow as she felt Rosie’s arm cover her shoulders.

Within minutes Lula’s crying began to subside and she began to feel more comfortable. She felt overwhelmed with emotion. She knew it was probably the alcohol reacting with her but wow…

Okay… stop crying. You’re okay. You’re safe. Stop being nervous. Wait… I shouldn’t be here. Do I have any control?

Lula’s thoughts raced as she was coming down from her emotional high but drifting to sleep at the same time.

We’re just… laying. It’s okay.

Lula wiggled her waist and felt Rosie’s body against hers.

Oh… there he is. We’re just lying together. It’s okay.

Lula began to bend her knees as she curled up into the fetal position. She felt her left foot touch Rosie’s leg and her body twitched.

I can’t. He’s not wearing much. Just lay.

In her tired and groggy state, Lula was unwillingly letting her emotions get the better of her. Despite knowing she was safe and protected in her own bed, with her best friend, both aware of each other’s fondness of wetting; Lula was also part dreaming about her times with Tom. Half asleep she was struggling to disconnect the two. In her comforted state she completely relaxed feeling the embrace of another body behind her. In the darkness and quietness of her bedroom, if anyone was actually awake, all they’d hear is a faint stream of warm pee filling a padded fabric; pooling into a sheet and being absorbed underneath.

I can’t…. I c…. Just… Lay…

*161*2020-06-20 03:12

Hi everyone. Firstly I hope you, your friends, and families are all safe and well. I’m sorry I’ve not contributed at all in months. I had members of my family come down with the virus and it has been really difficult.

Hopefully… I can bring Lula into this, let’s be honest, shitty year. Enjoy <3

A Very Wet New Year

Lula took a sharp breath. She exhaled slowly. Something solid brushed against her leg. The gentle nudge was enough to bring her out of her slumber. She forced her head into her pillow and scrunched her eyes. She pointed her toes and stretched her legs down the bed. Lula let out a small groan as she felt the pull in her knees as she stretched. She tried to squeeze her thighs together.

Hmm?

She tried again to squeeze her thighs together.

What? I don’t…

On the second squeeze, Lula felt a squishy obstruction between her legs. A strange soggy sensation seemed to dribble? No… leak. No!... flow around her crotch.

What the…

Lula jolted and instantly opened her eyes. She took a sharp breath forcing her whole chest to expand in a second. She remembered.

Lula felt the solid nudge again against her right leg. Her head shot to the right to see Rosie curled up next to her. She had been moving her leg slightly. Suddenly every one of Lula’s senses went into overdrive. Her legs were almost paralysed but she tensed her butt to feel the wet sensation beneath her. If her ears could prick up they would be, Her eyes scanned her room left to right; left to right. She was trying her hardest to hear for anyone moving around the house. She hadn’t even checked the time but there was enough light leaking from behind her curtains to mean it was easily past 8am. She could hear Rosie gently breathing next to her. She was almost forcing herself to smell pee; as if she wanted there to be a smell but desperately hoped there wasn’t. Luckily there was no obvious pee smell.

Fearfully, laying on her back, Lula slowly slipped her right hand from the top of her chest and down her belly underneath the duvet. As she moved her hand over her joggers she felt the heavy sensation down her legs. Her grey joggers were soaked. She sheet beneath her was saturated. Her heart was pounding so hard against her chest she thought it would wake Rosie up. She placed her hand beneath her legs and squeezed her thighs once again. Her hand became wet as she felt the soggy thickness of her joggers leak thick dampness against her skin. Liquid seeped between her fingers as she put some pressure on the puffiness of the nappy. Upon applying pressure she felt a wave of pins and needles stun her entire body. The wave started at her crotch and pulsed out to her toes and fingers.

Lule gently pulled the top of the duvet off the left side of her body and folded it towards Rosie. Looking down her body she could see her once light grey joggers were now dark grey and creased against her skin. Only the material near her feet were the original colour.

Lula pushed down on the nappy again. This time slightly deeper. She almost spluttered as she choked on her own saliva. A shockwave of static pulsated through her body. She felt a strong tingle beneath the diaper to the extent it felt like she was being tickled. Lula lifted her hand from beneath the covers to try and compose herself.

I can’t do anything with Rosie here. Just no. That’s weird. But FUck. Ugghhhhh.

After a few minutes of getting her breathing back to normal, Lula lifted to duvet covering Rosie. She’d never taken off her pink jumper. She must have been roasting. Ew, she might have been sweating next to me. Sorry, what the fuck? I’m worried about sweat? As expected, Rosie’s jumper had turned a ruby colour from the wetness they’d both caused. It was hard to see how wet her black leggings were but there was an obvious bulge at her crotch. She felt wrong looking at Rosie like this. She put the duvet back where it was.

What do I do now? Do I go clean up? But then Rosie’s still here and my bed’s all soaked. I could wake her up and we both get cleaned up? Hmm. We NEED to clean up before our parents wake up. Showers too. Ohhh and new bedding. That’ll look awkward. Goddamn fuck. Why did I agree to this. There’s no way out of this.

Lula closed her eyes and took a deep breath.

If… IF there’s no way out of this… I might as well… enjoy…it? Make the most of it? I could literally piss as much as I want and it’d make no difference. Fuck it. FUCK. IT.

Taking a few more deep breaths, Lula shifted her weight and brough both hands to her waist. She pushed down on her bladder hoping to have a morning pee ready to go. After a while of applying pressure nothing was happening. She could feel a pee there but it wasn’t coming. How do you actually wet and sleep? How does your body do it when laying down? Ugh.

Still with little success, Lula carefully slid out of the bed. Her joggers clung to her legs and she felt the material pull slightly as she moved her legs. As she slowly stood up next to her bed she felt droplets fall down her legs and onto the floor beneath. Shit. Lula leaped across her floor as daintily as possible, which proved difficult in baggy, soggy joggers. She felt cold pee drip with every movement. She grabbed the pile of worn clothes she’d kicked aside the night before and threw them beside her bed ten proceeded to stand on them. I need to wash all this anyway. At least I won’t get the carpet wet.

Hoping gravity would do half the work for her, Lula kept trying to force out some pee. As she tensed, she rubbed her legs together to feel the cold, wet joggers crease and fold between her legs. She turned and looked back at her bed. The pastel pink sheet had in fact a huge wet spot where she had been laying. The wet spot also went underneath Rosie. She couldn’t tell if she had wet as she slept but assumed they both had. She didn’t know how to feel that they could have been lying in each other’s pee. Whilst she feared the mattress protector might not have worked as well as Rosie claimed, and her mattress could potentially be soaked through, Lula’s head was still set in the moment. She felt the pressure build in her bladder as she felt the morning’s pee slosh inside her. This is it! She kept tensing and holding to get the pee at the point of release, knowing the moment she laid down the feeling might go. She dribbled a few times trying to hold the pee in the correct position.

Quickly, but cautiously, Lula crouched and slipped back onto the bed and pulled the cover over he. She laid there like a log but felt uncomfortable and unnatural. It didn’t feel right. She slowly got back out of the bed and paused to make sure she hadn’t woken Rosie up. She was still dead to the world. Feeling her breathing get erratic, Lula tensed and held again and again to feel the pee ready to go. It needs to feel natural. Just pretend you’re getting into bed normally. It’s already wet. You’re already wet. Just go. So, without thinking too hard about it, Lula laid belly first on her bed.

She felt the front of her vest cling to the cold sheet as she pulled the cover over her back. Still on her front, and facing away from Rosie, Lula raised her right leg to almost a right angle and pulled her pillow down to hug it as she usually would when getting into bed. Even the pillow had gotten wet. Lula felt disgusted at this but there was no turning back from what had already happened. She shifted her weight so that the pillow supported hear breasts and upper chest and she sunk her weight into it’s plumpness. Pretending to fall back to sleep she pushed hard and forced a small wave of pee out. It felt pressured against her crotch as she leaked but warm. She held tightly then pushed then held again until the pee was at the point she could relax and leak freely.

After a few minutes of shifting her weight and tensing her body she felt it. She relaxed her body and felt the wave of release as the pee began to dribble from her. The dribble turned into a leak then into a flood. She could hear the hiss of her pee as it hit the saturated material of the nappy. The warm pee spread over the front of her crotch. She felt it pool slightly around the gooch but as she was laying on her front it didn’t travel so far round to her butt. She knew it’d leak given how full it felt.

It didn’t take long for the pee to flood from the top of the nappy. She felt the pee soak her waistline and her belly button. The new soaking was spreading outwards on the already wet sheet. Lula kept her eyes closed as the pee carried on leaking beneath her. She felt the material of her vest get wet. This was a new feeling as it had been somewhat dry on the front. She even felt the sheet beneath her pillow start to get wet. Lula forced herself to keep her eyes closed and not care. If they were going to get told off for this she might as well go big.

Lula peed for just over a minute. The new warmth felt nice beneath her. She felt disgusted at how wet her body was but that couldn’t be changed now. As the pee died down she felt her vagina tingle and burn. She was so desperate to touch herself but couldn’t with Rosie…

“I think you just peed on me” Rosie murmured.

Lula just laid there stunned and shocked. She pretended to be asleep.

Rosie sighed deeply and shifted her weight.

“You definitely just peed on me” she murmured again.

Silence.

“Lule’s I know you’re awake. You woke me up getting in and out of the bed”

“Sorry” Lula whimpered.

Rosie didn’t respond straight away but instead stretched and slumped her arms on top of the duvet. She appeared a lot calmer than Lula did.

“How… do we clean this all up?” Lula asked quietly.

“Quickly I imagine” Rosie said with little hesitation.

“Like… now?” Lula asked.

“It’s your house. Do you want to do it now? I’m comfy…” Rosie joked.

“I don’t think our parents are awake” Lula assumed. She was trying to remain calm but was still edging to touch herself.

“We have time then” Rosie yawned.

Still facing away from Rosie, Lula felt her friend lift the duvet above her to inspect herself. Movement and rustling suggested Rosie was feeling her leggings and the area around her.

“This is warm” Rosie accused.

“I said sorry” Lula admitted.

“Would you mind if I went too?” Rosie asked.

Lula hesitated to respond straight away.

“Well I’m guessing you have already at some point”

“True” Rosie admitted.

Both girls paused and silence fell once again.

“How do you feel?” Rosie asked.

“What? Are you not…? I feel wet” Lula responded, trying to avoid the fact she felt horny as hell.

“Not yet no. But how do you feeeel” Rosie pushed.

“I…”

“I think I know Lule’s”

“Know what?”

“You either feel horrible and disgusting or really fucking turned on? Or both?”

Lula didn’t respond.

“I assume yes then” Rosie said quietly.

Lula could feel the duvet moving slightly. She turned around to lay on her back again.

“What are you doing?” she exclaimed.

Rosie had her hands beneath the cover and was doing something.

“Touching myself” Rosie admitted.

“Can you not?!”

“I do every time I wake up like this. Don’t you want to as well?”

“S…Sort of” Lula admitted angrily.

“Look Lule’s, I like this okay. It makes me feel super turned on and right now I’m feeling it. We’re never going to speak of this right, to anyone?”

“Obviously fucking not” Lula replied.

WAIT. SHE SAID SHE LIKES IT. THIS. SHE LIKES THIS.

“Okay… in that case would you mind if…” Rosie never finished her sentence. Lula however, felt Rosie’s bare foot brush against her own. Rosie turned on her left side to face Lula.

“What are you doing?” Lula asked.

“You can say no. You really, REALLY can and that’s okay. Or you can just… go with it?”

What the fuck is happening? Despite the confusion, Lula was still desperate to release her pent up angst.

“I don’t…” she whimpered.

“Then tell me stop if you want” Rosie encouraged, edging closer to Lula over the pool and creased sheet beneath them.

Lula turned back to lie on her front. She felt Rosie grab her left hand and pull it towards her. Rosie’s hands were wet as well. Within seconds she felt her hand be pulled further and forced open. Suddenly her left palm was caressing something. Rosie’s hands placed gently on the top of Lula’s hand. Rosie pushed Lula’s hand downwards. Lula could feel a very soggy compression. Rosie’s fingers shifted between her own. A layer of cold pee rinsed between both their fingers as she felt the compression. Lula quickly realised she was feeling the outside of Rosie’s leggings and was also feeling her soaked nappy. They may not have looked it earlier but the material of her leggings were indeed clinging to her legs. Lula didn’t resist. She eventually turned once again so the girls were now facing each other.

As Lula cupped Rosie’s wet crotch, she eventually felt the warmth spread beneath her fingers and spread beneath her legs. A new warm pool spread towards her as Rosie wet. The feeling of her wet leggings reminded her of her own leggings and tights wettings in the past. The tow girls breathed heavily as Rosie continued to soak the bed, her clothes, and Lula even further.

After a few minutes silence filled the room. Both girls were evidently frustrated.

“Right!” Rosie almost snapped. She shifted her weight heavily and leaned over Lula. As she did, Lula felt Rosie’s dead weight against her as her wet body literally slumped over her own. Rosie stepped out of Lula’s bed and onto Lula’s conveniently placed pile of wet clothes on the floor.

“Sorry” Rosie said. Lula just shook her head as if to say ‘whatever’. Rosie began fumbling through her bag and pulled out another folded mattress protector. She unfolded it and laid it out on the floor.

“There, you can stand on this”

“Okay?”

“Look, here’s the plan. IF either of us is seen. IF we’re caught. IF they see… this then it’s my fault okay”

“Sorry what?”

“My parents know I have ‘accidents’ so this was all me okay?”

“What why?”

“Just fuckin’… listen. I wet the bed at home. I ‘accidentally’ wet your bed okay? If it’s okay with you I’m going to go shower first. I feel guilty for wetting your bed and want to go clean myself off”

“Why are you…”

“Because you don’t wet the bed regularly right?”

“Well… no”

“Exactly. I’m covering your ass. Now we both need… space. Right? I’m going to shower. You change the sheet. I have bin bags in here. Put the wet protector in the bag and hide in in my bag okay?”

“Will it have soaked through?” Lula asked almost scared.

“Shouldn’t have. Now… let’s… go?”

“Umm… okay? Thank you”

“It’s okay I got this” said Rosie convincingly.

“Can I… use a towel?” she asked.

“Any. Sure” Lula responded. With that, Rosie waddled out of Lula’s room trying to be as quiet as possible.

Lula was alone on her bed. She waited for a while to hear out for Rosie being caught. She desperately hoped she would not be. Nothing. Has she made it? Damn. I can’t believe she’s covering all of this for me. Knowing she had to clean up quickly though, Lula threw the duvet to the end of the bad and sat up, She was pretty much soaked from head to toe. She stood up, wobbling on the mattress as she did so. Whilst up she could feel droplets and dribbles of pee fall down her legs and onto the sheet below. Almost instinctively she squeezed her breasts and she felt the pee fall from her. The saturated vest top also leaked cold pee onto her skin as she did so. With her left hand on her breast she moved her right hand to her crotch and began rubbing over the joggers.

Lula let out a quiet moan as she felt the padding rub against her crotch. She made a weird exhale snorting sound from her nose and she groaned. She moved her hand from outside the joggers to beneath them. Under her waistband she felt her knickers were completely soaked. They felt soft yet wrinkled and flimsy. She forced her hand beneath the nappy and found her hand in a warm, soft, plump heaven. She gave a few seconds to allow her fingers to squeeze pee from the padding before beginning to touch herself. Standing and wobbling on the mattress wasn’t the ideal way to do this. Lula stopped rubbing and instead put both hands down her joggers and squeezed the diaper. It almost erupted with cold pee. The liquid fell form her, down her legs and onto the mattress with multiple thuds and splatters. Multiple new glistening pee patches surrounded her as the pee leaked from her overflowing nappy.

Lula eventually untied her waistband and let the joggers drop from her. They hit the bed with a wet flop. Her light blue knickers were now shades darker and the thick saggy nappy was stretching the material. As Lula moved her feet a small puddle of pee appeared from the mattress protector. She slumped back down on the mattress and moved her hands around feeling the wetness. She knew some of it was Rosie’s but she didn’t care too much. She rubbed over her knickers a few times before pulling them from her crotch and letting them hang between her calves as she laid back with her knees up. She applied pressure onto the bare nappy. She felt it compress against her body once again and she moaned. She felt ‘fizzy’ as her vagina felt like it was crackling with every slight movement of the smooth inside of the nappy.

Lula soon pulled the nappy from her crotch. It was surprisingly heavy. She felt the inside unstick from her skin. She pulled it up to her knees and let it hand too. Now bare to the world she began to vigorously rub. Her back arched as a surge of what felt like electricity strike her body. Her fingers, heavily wrinkled from moisture, felt great as she felt fresh air against her crotch. With a push of her muscles she lifted her fingers and let out a spurt of pee straight onto her bed. It felt great peeing straight onto something. Wrong; but great. Soon after she hit the spot and lost her breath. Like a bath bomb fizzing she felt an almighty trickle force from her and leak onto the bed too. Lula felt stunned in her position as she felt flushed and shocked.

A few minutes had passed of pure bliss as Lula came down from her orgasmic high. She’d never experienced anything like this before. However, the longer she laid there doing nothing the guiltier she began to feel. Dirtier. Wetter. Colder.

Fu.. Fuck. Fuck man.

Naked from the waist down, Lula slowly got up and knelt on the soaked bed. She picked up the nappy and used the inside of it to wipe down her crotch. She then squeezed it and rinsed the pee out onto the bed. The cold pee splattered at her knees. For some reason seeing the bed get wet was mesmerising. Lula slumped the nappy onto the protector on the floor then rinsed out her soaked blue knickers onto her bed. Again, she glared at the falling pee and seeing it get soaked up. Instead of throwing the knickers down too she lifted the side of her mattress and hid them amongst her other wetting clothes in the faithful plastic bags.

After having used a worn pair of leggings on the pile on the floor to wipe down her legs. She awkwardly took off her wet vest top and dabbed dry her upper body too. She grabbed a fresh pair of burgundy knickers from her drawers and slipped into them. It felt nice to wear something dry even if she was still throbbing. She also put on a new pair of leggings and a loose fitting t-shirt. Despite the new clothes she desperately wanted a shower. She could now smell a pissy aroma in the air and it wasn’t pleasant.

Lula threw all the pillows and the duvet to the other side of the room and nervously pulled back the soaked pastel pink sheet. The girls’ clothes and the sheet itself had literally absorbed most of the pee. The protector was stained and wet but as Lula pilled it back her mattress was completely dry. He was genuinely shocked. Her eyebrows raised and she swept under the protector to check the areas she couldn’t yet see. Completely dry.

Actually amazing.

Lula carefully picked up and scrunched up the protector and pushed it into one of the bin bags Rosie had left.

Damn if I can be careful could I do this more? I’m literally getting away with…

The door creaked open. Lula, wide eyed, stared at the door.

“You okay?” Rosie murmured closing the door behind her.

“Ffffffffuck Rosie knock or something”

“Sorry!”

Lula dropped the bag and put her hands to her chest.

“Where do I put this?” Lula asked, gently kicking her used nappy on the floor.

“Same bag. I’ll take it all home and get rid of it for you. Good thing the sheets are washable!”

“I actually can’t believe it, look” Lula exclaimed, point to her dry mattress.

“I know right” Rosie agreed.

“Look before I sort my bag out do you… want the last couple of nappies I have in there?” Rosie asked.

“Umm…” YESYESYESYESYESYES. “I don’t know…” Lula replied hesitantly.

“Whatever I’ll just leave them for you… and… about earlier…”

“I understand. I think. It’s okay. Just, I don’t think I’m… you know…”

“I shouldn’t have made you… you know touch me while I…”

“Can we just not mention it? Like thanks but no thanks? I don’t want to be awkward with you”

“That’s okay. But we’re on the same page with… all this?” Rosie asked.

“I think so…” Lula admitted.

“Cool… well… go get showered you stink” Rosie chuckled. Lula agreed.

