Roxy - Friend Turned Family

Author: Daredare205

*000*2022-12-17 18:12

This is my first time writing fiction about my personal fantasies. I am writing this story to sort of test the waters, and see if I'm any good at writing stories, coming up with plots, etc...

I'm into humans with animal features (not full body fur), large bladders with ridiculously high capacities, and the rush you feel when completely and utterly desperate to empty your bladder. In real life, I'm a mechanic by hobby and enjoy driving my Audi TT on backroads and circuit tracks. I am mechanically savvy and enjoy driving fast. I also refer to my car as being female... Don't ask me why, I just do lol

WARNING: This story contains abuse. It's used as a backstory for Roxy. This is in no way meant to advertise abuse, claim that it's okay, or any related situation(s).

Inspiration: Ruri's Manners - Jimmy Olsen here on omo.org, Hellsing Ultimate - anime, BNA - anime, Jobless Reincarnation - anime, Fairy Tail - anime, Strike Witches (and Brave Witches) - anime.

With all that out of the way, it's about time to start Part 1 of the story. Note that there's no real omorashi in the first part, it's mostly used for world building and character building.

In the year 2022, many people experience attraction to animalized humans, furries, and sometimes just plain animals. How far one particular group is willing to go in terms of trust, friendship and equality will all be tested one fateful day when they meet Roxy.

Damien is a tall man that lives in the city. He works on his sportscar and loves driving fast. He stands 5'11", often sporting black Dickies cargo jeans, a blue Summit Racing Equipment shirt and a white-on-gray hat with the 3RK logo on the front. He has blue eyes, brown hair parted high and swished over to the right, as well as black plastic glasses with blue accents. His car of choice is a 2004 Audi TT Roadster. The turbo charged, all-wheel-drive convertible capturing his heart after the first test drive. On this particular day, he was driving through a forest. Full of tall, healthy trees with leaves and flowers in full bloom, the forest seemed to wrap around the road perfectly.


He took this opportunity to floor his convertible, quickly accelerating from the speed limit of 45mph to nearly 80mph before shifting up and flooring it again. Caught up in the rush of the moment, he continued accelerating until the wind took his hat right off his head. He came to a crawl and pulled over, walking back and forth over the same section of road many times without any luck finding his hat. Luckily, there was nobody else around and he could do this for quite some time without feeling like he looked out of place. He hadn't seen a single car since leaving the city and turning onto this road.

After about an hour of searching, he was definitely feeling the need to pee. To be fair, he had been feeling it for quite some time. Only now was he no longer able to ignore it completely. Concentration was getting harder, his legs wouldn't sit still, and he kept reaching near his crotch. Finally, he walked behind some trees, pulled his dick out, and let go. His 1800ml bladder capacity meant that when he was full, he released a powerful stream for over a minute straight before finally finishing. The feeling of relief was ecstatic, and was one of many reasons he enjoyed holding himself until the point of total desperation. With his bladder taken care of, he zipped his pants back up and continued his search for his beloved hat.

After another 20 minutes of searching, he saw someone walking in the woods with his hat on. He called out to them, only for them to disappear into the trees. Confused and angry at whoever took his hat, he gave chase. Running as fast as his legs could carry him, he caught several glimpses of the thief. Whoever they were, they were incredibly nimble and had ungodly amounts of stamina. They refused to run in a straight line, rather digging their bare feet into the bases of trees and springing off of the trees with incredible speed. He thought he had to be seeing things from the heat when he caught a glimpse of what looked like a tail darting around behind the hat thief. It was hard to make out, they were just so darn fast.

Finally, they reached the edge of the woods and the thief transitioned to a hunched over sprint on both arms and legs before pulling away with incredible speed. Their back rose and fell, bending aggressively with each gallop. Whoever this was, it was certainly no ordinary person. Damien was out of breath, only fueled by the NEED to get his hat back and to see what exactly he was chasing. As the mysterious figure outran Damien completely, she found herself at a wooden fence. Inside were birds in what looked like large wooden cages, some sort of boar without the big teeth or long hair, and lots of grazing cows. She took this moment to catch her breath and look back, only to find that Damien was still running! His stride was sloppy, his hair no longer neatly swished over across his head, and his shirt was nearly completely covered in sweat.

Taking in the image of determination being projected by her pursuer, the thief sat down in the grass and waited. As Damien closed the distance, he saw the thief was waiting and slowed to a jog while attempting to catch his breath. He only said "Look, I'm sorry if I scared you, I just want my hat back. I won it at a go-karting competition and I wear it everywhere. I'd like it bac-" Before he could say more, he was taken aback by the fact that the thief got up from a sitting position by leaning forward, putting her hands on the ground, and all at once throwing her knees back and springing up. She didn't seem out of breath at all. Her clothes were filthy, not from running away, but from being the only clothes she had. At this moment, Damien realized the thief was a girl with no extra clothes, and nowhere to go.

Damien once again asked for his hat back, and was met with a confused stare. Also noticing her green speckled eyes, Damien motioned to the top of his head and then to hers, before once again asking that his hat be returned. Reaching for his hat, Damien was startled back by the sudden hissing and raising of the thief's tail. It was at this moment that he realized he had been chasing a sort of human animal. Unsure if she spoke English, Damien kneeled to the ground and extended an open hand. This time met by a confused stare from incredibly large pupils. 

He decided to handle this the way he would get something back from his pets. He sat down with his legs criss-crossed, tapped the ground next to him, and smiled. The mysterious girl followed suit, and inched closer to him. Seeing the opportunity, he quickly reached and took his hat back. He was too sweaty to wear it comfortably and instead simply placed it in his lap. As he took the hat, out folded a pair of fluffy ears. They stuck up like satellite dishes. The thief's pupils immediately contracting to tall, thin slivers, and then she flexed her hand and extended claws. Seeing what was happening, Damien quickly laid the hat on the ground in front of him. Once again, the thief donned the hat and hid her ears. Her pupils once again growing to gigantic proportions.

After a moment, Damien decided to try to apologize. He hoped that even if this girl couldn't understand English, she might understand that he didn't mean to hurt her. He said "Sorry for startling you. You can keep the hat. It's okay." To his surprise, she answered "Why would you give me this? Everyone always takes everything from me." Taken aback by this response, Damien explains the homelessness problem in his city. Because they lack the decency that others expect, they're repeatedly taken advantage of, made fun of, and not given any respect. Forced to beg and steal, they don't project a very good image, and people don't try to see that those homeless people are people too. He explained that one of his closest friends used to be homeless. They saw someone drop their wallet while walking away from a street vendor, and instead of stealing it, returned it to the person who dropped it. That person took them in. Said person was Damien, the young man now in front of this animal girl.

She seemed unable to cry, simply shaking and sniffling. Damien motioned for a hug, and after some hesitation, she took the opportunity and accepted his warm embrace. He asked that she come with him. He'd take her home, get her cleaned up, buy her clothes, and get her a proper life. He did feel the need to explain that he's never seen anyone like her before, but decided not to bring it up at the moment. Now only walking, Damien led the way back to his car. Along the way, Damien explained that he was a working man. He spent time away from home doing a job at a hospital. He asked patients what they'd like to eat, brought them their food and set their hospital tables up (picture the adjustable tables that reach over the bed, just big enough for a tray and some small personal items).

He was also responsible for making sure the patients enjoyed the food, and for bringing food, drinks and supplies to the pantry every day. For the first time since they started walking together, the girl broke her silence. She asked what a tray was, why people had to be patient, and what a pantry was. Taking time to explain that a tray was a flat object that you put food and drinks on top of, that 'patients' meant people who were in the hospital and that a pantry was a small room where food and supplies were kept, he noticed the sparkle in this mysterious girls eyes. It was as if she had just realized what he was talking about. They continued their conversation as they continued walking back to the car, with Damien answering her questions and still not bringing up how incredibly odd, or rather unique, she truly was.

Upon reaching the road, Damien looked for his car, but it was out of sight. He pressed the PANIC button on his keys, but nothing happened. He acted as if nothing was wrong, turned to his right, and continued walking down the road. It was a 50/50 change that he was going the right way, until he recognized several trees where their chase had started. It was moments like this where the hyper-awareness afforded to him by his Asperger's syndrome actually proved useful. He gained some pep back in his step, saying it shouldn't be far now. Looking back, his follower didn't seem tired at all. She just looked confused, and... Happy? It was hard to tell with her face in shadow, and he wasn't used to trying to read emotions from people with cat-like eyes (and ears which he couldn't see under her new hat.).

Finally, his car was in view. Still sitting next to the road with the blinkers on and the top down, waiting for her owner to return. Hearing a change in her breathing, Damien looked back to see his follower completely mesmerized by the flashing hazard lights. He explained that she'd need to get in, if he was going to get her home. This was again met with confusion.

"You want me to get inside that machine?" She asked.

Damien explained that it was a car, made to take people from one place to another, and that everyone where he's from has at least one and they use it on a regular basis. It's just how people get around where he's from.

Taking in his answer, she decided it was time to ask him his name, as she had completely forgotten it.

"Damien. My name is Damien. What's your name? You never told me." Said Damien, taking the opportunity to get this girl's name before taking her home.

"Nobody has every spoken to me like this, and I'm not sure I have a name. But I used to have this band around my neck. It said Roxy on it. I eventually tore it off and threw it somewhere. It reminded me of what it meant to be owned. It was the whole reason I've been living in the woods instead of inside the fence you cornered me at." She grew more anxious as she spoke, getting shaky as she mentioned that she used to belong to somebody.

Before she could say anything else, she was met with kind words. "I have two pets, a dog and a cat. They don't stand up or speak like you, but I love them nonetheless. It's not uncommon for people to fall in love with their pets. There are entire communities built around dog lovers and cat lovers. In fact, the two hate each other, always fighting over whether dogs are better than cats or cats better than dogs. Keep in mind, they're not fighting in order to hurt each other, they're fighting to see which one is truly better. So far, they're still fighting and there doesn't seem to be a clear answer yet.

It sounds like you weren't a loved pet, and I intend to change that. First, I need to make it clear that you are NOT my pet. You're my friend. You may look like a cat, run like a cat, have the eyes, ears and tail of a cat, but you can communicate and express your own will. I don't know how your previous owner treated you, but I don't intend to own you. I will treat you the way I treat all my friends. I know this seems weird. I'm weird, and I like helping people. Now let's get going. Travis is going to wonder why I'm not back yet if we don't get going."

Roxy didn't say anything. She had a new sparkle in her eyes. She was so happy, and confused, and just went with what Damien told her to do for now. Without any words said, both Damien and Roxy knew this moment would last forever. Who would've thought that anyone would ever be kind to Roxy like this? And who would've thought that Damien would ever find such a strange and unique creature? Neither one had any answers, they just continued on with the moment that sealed their bond to each other as trusting and loyal friends.

Damien walked to the drivers side of the car, opened the door, sat down, and closed the door. He asked Roxy to do the same thing on the other side. She did. Now inside the machine, she realized that her entire perspective on these car things was wrong. These weren't unstoppable machines that killed animals on the road because that's just what they did. They were a means of transportation. She took a moment to close her eyes and sink into the padded seat as this realization set in. For the first time in her life, happy tears formed. Damien did not interrupt this. A moment later, she opened her eyes, rubbed her tears away, looked over to Damien, and saw that something had a hold of him! Panic! She was so panicked! Was this why these machines killed? Was this machine now in control of Damien? Before she had answers to any of these questions, she shouted out "Look! Something's got a hold of you! Are you okay?! Should I claw through it?!"

This time, it was Roxy who was met with a confused look coming from Damien. He looked down, unbuckled his seatbelt, and took it off. This time, he explained what it was for as he put it on, and said that she needed to wear one as well. This isn't the smoothest car, being low to the ground with a tendency to bounce on uneven roads, therefore it was that much more important that they both wear their seatbelts. It was for their safety.

Relieved that they weren't in any danger, Roxy followed his lead and put her belt on. After helping her get the end of the belt into the buckle, Damien started the car. Again, Roxy became fixated on the strangest things. "I've never seen a machine that purrs before. Usually they just bolt by at incredible speed." It took Damien a moment to realize what she was saying, before realizing that Roxy had become fixated on the sound of the engine idling, believing it to be some sort of mechanical purring. He took this moment to explain that the sound that each car makes changes as it speeds up and slows down. "This car does not purr when it's moving. You'll see. We'll start out slow, and go from there."

Taking his time getting started smoothly and getting back on the road, he looked over to Roxy. She was just so amazed! She was inside one of these machines! It was moving, and it wasn't doing anything else. It wasn't screeching, beeping or swerving. Again, she simply sat there and took in all these new feelings and realizations, only interrupted by Damien saying something. "If I were you, I'd take the hat off and put it on the floor by your feet. You don't want it blowing away, like it blew away from me before you picked it up." In one quick motion, as if feeling this was an immediate command, she took her hat off her head and placed it on the floor. In doing so, this belt thing moved with her as she leaned forward, depositing her hat on the floor. Fascinating. She thought for sure that this belt would try to choke her or something as soon as she tried to move.

On the way home, Damien continued to notice that Roxy was really enjoying herself. She was fascinated by every little thing! He let this go on for a few moments. Once they were about 15 minutes away from the, Damien decided to speak up. "Hey, Roxy. I need to be honest with you. I've never seen someone with ears and a tail like you before. I would imagine that nobody else has either. I don't know how people will react when they see you. I just ask that you focus on me, and on the car if you need to. Stay positive. We'll be home soon."

That being said, nobody really seemed too put off by a cat girl in a convertible. That was, until someone approached Damien and Roxy while they were stopped at an intersection. Roxy froze, she closed her eyes, expecting something, anything to happen. Instead, a voice from outside the car said "Damien, is that you? It's me, Brent! You missed the launch!" He stopped talking, seeing this cat... Person... In the passenger seat. "Damien. Who's this? And where are your ears?" Confused, Damien didn't answer. He just looked forward, saying he had to get going, as the light was green. "Great job!" Said Damien, comforting his new friend. She still seemed tense, and he didn't really know what to do about this.

20 minutes of random conversations, and they were at his driveway. He pulled in, stopped, and turned the car off. Roxy's ears shot up, moving around like satellite dishes, searching for the sound of that mechanical purring. She never found it.

"We're here. This is my house. Hold on just a moment while I help you out." Once Damien helped her out of the car, he got back in, and put the roof up. Again, Roxy was in complete awe. This thing, it was closing, with Damien inside it. But he wasn't afraid, and it seemed like he wanted the machine to do this. Finally, it stopped moving. A solid CLICK was heard before Damien exited the car, stating that he was done and it was time to go inside.

"Before we do, I..." Roxy tensed again as she paused, as if having a hard time saying whatever was on her mind. "... I need to use your lawn. I'll be right back."

"Stop that, Roxy." Damien said with authority in his voice. "We don't do that here. I'll show you to the bathroom."

This didn't click in Roxy's head. She didn't realize this bathroom was where she was supposed to relieve herself. "But I have to go so bad! How long before I can come back outside?!"

"Calm down, Roxy. I'll show you to my bathroom. We do that in the bathroom here." Said Damien, realizing the miscommunication.

He took her hand and led her inside. She seemed stiff. He didn't know if this was from being overwhelmed, nervous, desperate for the toilet, or maybe some combination of all of these things. After a few steps, Roxy stopped. Pulling back at his hand, she exclaimed to Damien "Please! I have to go! Let me go back outside!" The only response she got was Damien saying to follow him, and he continued leading her further into the house. He opened the bathroom door, and found that Roxy was now shaking. Looking over to her, he saw that she was bent forward, fists to her sides, breathing heavy, with desperation in her eyes. She didn't say anything.

"Roxy, it's okay. Here. It's simple!" Said Damien, as he opened the toilet and explained that she'd need to sit on it before she let go. Making sure Roxy understood, he exited the bathroom to give her privacy. He heard a very powerful stream hit the floor. Then it stopped. Then another powerful stream. This repeated several times before he heard a continuous and very powerful stream hitting the water in the bowl. It lasted almost as long as his did when he relieved himself in the woods! How much was she holding?! No wonder she seemed off.

With her pants wet and no idea what to do next, Roxy started crying. It was almost like she was trapped all over again! Damien knocked, and announced he was coming in before opening the door. He found a crying Roxy on the floor. Ears flopped over, tail lying flat against the puddle on the floor and completely soaked, sobbing furiously, she was a wreck.

"Roxy. It's okay. There's no need to cry. I'll start a shower to get you cleaned up. C'mon, cheer up. I have some sweatpants you can wear once you're all clean, and I'm sure some of Travis' shirts will fit you. We've got a way to get you clean, and new clothes. I'll take care of the puddle. Seriously, don't worry about it. Just focus on cheering up."

Damien took a moment to show Roxy how to adjust the water temperature, as well as how to squeeze the soap and shampoo out of the bottles. After instructing Roxy to undress and pull the curtain across the shower, Damien stood outside the bathroom in wait for her to tell him to come back in. He still needed to clean her puddle.

"I... I pulled it across. You can... Come in now." Said a very nervous Roxy in the shower.

"Okay, I'm coming in now. Make sure you keep the curtain closed."

"What? Why would I open it with you right there?!"

"Just making sure."

With that Damien came into the bathroom and began cleaning the floor under her puddle. This was very yellow urine with a strong odor. He couldn't help but wonder if she was properly hydrated or not. And with such a beautiful young lady on the other side of the door, he had to pay attention to hide his labored breathing. He had a humongous hard on.

Luckily, Roxy was so immersed in the shower that she didn't notice his arousing scents. This was completely new to her. The warm water and steam melted all her tension away, cleared her nose and throat, and relaxed her tremendously.

Having finished, she turned the water off.

"Damien, are you still in here?"

"No. I'm outside in the hallway. If you're done, I'm going to start dinner. There's towels hanging on the walls, use those to dry off before you put your clothes on."

"Okay, I will." Roxy was still interpreting the things Damien said as commands. She had to dry off before putting on clothes. It would take time for her to become comfortable around people. That being said, everything that happened today was extremely pleasant, with the exception of her accident of course.

While Roxy was drying off, Damien was downstairs starting two boxes of Hamburger Helper. Stirring the meat and adding just a pinch of his favorite spices, he hoped it would help Roxy to calm down about everything that's happened.

After opening the bathroom door, Roxy's nose was filled with the most interesting of smells. It smelled like cooked meat. Something was different than the pots over fire that her dad used to use. This was more subtle, no smoky smells or anything. Mixed with a separate aroma... A sort of fiery smell, but not like the outdoor fires she was used to. Did Damien use a different kind of fire when he was cooking indoors?

Following her nose, it didn't take Roxy long to find the kitchen where Damien was adding the noodles. That's when she saw it. A calm blue flame, coming out of metal. A very different fire than what she was used to. No wonder it smelled so different. Wait, that it! It was a faint smell similar to those outdoor wells! Is this what those were for? Didn't matter, her mind was on whatever was in the pan.

End of part 1. I'm planning a thorough desperation event in part 2. I tried mixing desperation with the ride home, but the whole desperation in the car theme didn't make much sense, as I intentionally portrayed Roxy as not understanding these car things, and how she was so deeply invested in everything that was happening at the moment. It seemed like it would ruin that if I had her start a conversation about desperation while in the car. Also, I didn't want to have to choreograph a wetting scene outside in the city, and I'm not going to make her wet inside the car.

*001*2022-12-18 00:15

Beginning of part 2. This is a direct continuation from part 1 with no time skip. I believe it's also time to give Roxy a proper description.

Roxy was 29 years old. Tall and skinny, she stood at 6' 3" when her knees and back were straight... Normally she stood with her knees slightly bent, and her back arching slightly to counter her legs not being straight. With her cat-like features, this pose fit her well and is just how she stood. She does not have fur at all. She has long hair running down to her butt. Her hair was a mix of medium and dark oranges along with some light brown patches. Some of her hairs actually changed color along their length. Her eyebrows and lashes were composed of the darker tones of her hair, while her tail was composed of the lighter colors. There was little color variation in her brows and lashes, with her tail following the same pattern. Her green speckled eyes sported upright pupils that grew and shrank in response to a combination of her mood and the brightness of the area around her.

She spouted a short nose with large nostrils, often twitching in response to new smells. She repeatedly did that thing cats do where they breathe in and out quickly in small bursts to take in new smells. Her plump lips did not feature any feline shapes, hiding rather human looking teeth other than being slightly rounded on the sides and a tongue that appeared oddly flat. Her arms and legs appeared slim, but packed incredible strength in their small appearance. The same was true for her bite, trust me, you don't want to be on the receiving end of a bite from Roxy. She did not keep her arms to her chest, unlike many anime feline girls. She walked and jogged upright like a human, with a surprising amount of bounce in her jog. When running or sprinting, she would transition to all fours. Her tail moved in sync with her back, which arched up and sprang straight again as she ran. It was like the spring of her back added to her powerful arms and legs, propelling her at ungodly speeds.

She sported a pair of mid-size breasts, which looked large against her nearly nonexistent stomach. Her lower ribs pushed on her skin, making it painfully obvious that she hadn't been eating well. Her butt was a good size, made entirely of muscle with no visible fat. You see, living in the forest, she did a lot of running on all fours and jumping from tree base to tree base. She would repeatedly burn though whatever food she had managed to find.

Story begins here.

Locked in a staring contest, Roxy couldn't take her eyes off that brilliant little blue flame. Its light was sparkling in her eyes along with the ceiling lights. Damien found himself staring at Roxy, her gaze now shifting to him.

"What's in the... Flat pot?" Roxy asked, her eyes full of curiosity and anticipation, her mouth full of fresh saliva from the smell of fresh food.

"Hamburger Helper. It's one of my favorites. Thought it would be a good choice for your first meal in the city." Replied Damien, realizing just how much Roxy was into this.

Man, a warm meal in a warm house with no rain or anything, it was like a dream come true. For the first time since her escape, her time at the farm had completely left her mind. Focused on the pleasantry unfolding in front of her, she asked if there was anything she could do to help.

"Yeah, why not. There's forks and spoons in this drawer here." Damien opened the silverware drawer, handing Roxy three forks and spoons. He asked her to place them at the ends of the table where the chairs were at. Roxy did exactly this, coming back over to Damien at the stove.

"That smells delic-" Roxy was cut off by a new voice in the room.

A tall, broad man with slightly darker skin couldn't help but ask the obvious with a huge grin on his face. "Damien, who's this?" He thought it was a girlfriend wearing an animal costume.

Roxy's ears moved again, tail twitched, and she turned to face the new man. He was even taller than her! Misinterpreting the question, thinking it was meant to insult the new girl in the house, Roxy's ears fell. She hung her head, and her tail ceased to move. These movements hit Travis like a freight train. This wasn't some girl wearing a costume, she was some sort of human cat. What on earth was going on in this kitchen right now? Travis thought to himself.

"This is Roxy. I found her all alone. No family, no nothing. I'm just giving her a place to stay for the night until we get things figured out."

"Roxy? Cute name. I'm Travis, it's nice to meet you miss!"

Roxy took a moment to take in the figure of this enormous man. At 30 years old, Travis stood at at 6' 5" and was incredibly muscular! He featured a rather square face with green eyes and a partial beard. The man was a fitness nut, having become a manager at a local gym. His broad shoulders held onto long arms packed with muscle. You couldn't see it under his shirt, but he had a rather visible eight-pack. His chest was large and wide, as was his stomach and muscular legs. Everything about this man's figure was turned up to 11.

"Travis? First time I've ever heard that one. It's nice to meet you." That's when it clicked in Roxy's head. Now let's get going. Travis is going to wonder why I'm not back yet if we don't get going. This was the man Damien spoke about, they live together.

Damien broke the silence following the introductions. "Now that that's over, Roxy, would you like to serve dinner?"

"Serve dinner? I don't get it." What on earth was Damien asking her to do? Dinner was already right in front of them. Wait... Maybe those things she placed on the table had something to do with this... Think Roxy... THAT'S IT! People here eat separately! That's got to be it!

Roxy had no idea that both young men were watching her ears and tail do this little dance as she tried to figure out just what Damien had asked of her.

Lost in thought, Roxy jumped as a pasta spoon was placed in her hand. "What do I do with this?" She asked, still kind of confused.

"Scoop up the pasta and put it on those plates on the counter. Try to get the same amount on all three plates." Damien slid the stack of three plates to the side of the skillet while saying this.

Roxy did exactly as she was instructed before placing the used pasta spoon in the skillet. That was the only thing about this whole setup that was the same as what she was used to... You put the spoons back in the pot when you're done. You don't let them touch the ground, else you'll have to wash them.

Damien and Travis came and each grabbed a plate, Roxy looked to Damien and picked up the last plate. Both young men took a chair and set their plate on the table, motioning for Roxy to do the same.

Her eyes moving to the third chair, she placed her plate on the table in front of the chair before sitting down. She took a moment to adjust herself, no position seeming quite right... Butt back against the back of the chair, no, that put pressure on her tail. Forward with her back straight, no, that just wasn't comfortable. Halfway back with her normal arch in her back? Yeah, that seemed about right.

This time, it was both Damien and Travis noticing her being confused and amazed by the simplest things... Like sitting down to the dinner table.

"We usually talk about whatever while we eat. You can just eat, or you can talk too. Either one's fine." Damien said this while noticing that Roxy had began examining the food in front of her, her nose twitching before licking her lips.

Luckily, Damien was watching her... Roxy picked up the plate and looked like she was about to tilt it towards her. In the nick of time, Damien managed to blurt out "Put that back down!"

Roxy put it back down and froze, having no idea what she'd done wrong.

"Watch me." Said Damien, picking up his fork and using it to eat his dinner. Roxy did her best to copy him, attempting multiple different grips on her fork before getting it right. Another disaster averted. Who knows if Roxy had realized just how hot the food in front of her really was? If her plate had slipped, she could've gotten burnt.

Finally getting a bite into her mouth, her ears flipped and tail started going again. It was simply amazing! To think that something like this was normal food for these people. She had to do everything she could to keep them happy, lest they dump her back in the forest. Or at least, that's what she feared. She still wasn't used to not being property. In the woods, she had never really felt free. In her mind, she had simply escaped. It was going to take time to get used to not being someone's property.

Finally getting a conversation going, Travis had a couple questions for Damien and Roxy. "Damien, you said you found her. Where tho? I've never seen anyone like her. It almost looks like she's half cat."

"I know, I thought it was weird at first too. When I first spotted her, she was sprinting on all fours, leaping from the base of one tree to another. I swear she ran faster than Usain Bolt!" Damien continued his explanation of part 1 of the story. Meanwhile...

Roxy took a moment to take this in... Her traits weren't normal? Nobody had ever seen anyone like her before? There went her chances of finding her parents. Man did that thought sink in deep. In fact, she completely stopped eating.

Shaking, Roxy barely managed to get her words out of her mouth. "You've never seen anyone like me before? And what's wrong with how I run?!"

"Oh, there's nothing wrong with it. It surprised me. I've never seen anyone run that way before is all. To be honest, it was amazing to watch! You're just so fast!" Damien replied, trying to cheer Roxy up.

"If you've never seen anything like me before, then you probably don't know anything about where my parents might be... If they're even still around... My dad lived with me in the woods. He was human, my mom was animalized like I am. She left when I was very young, and my dad taught me to hunt and survive on my own. Then one day then hunters came for me. I was dragged to a farm where I was... I was..." The room was spinning! Her dinner was trying to come back up! She just couldn't talk about this yet.

Finally picking her head up, Roxy found herself on the end of concerned looks from both young men. It's a good thing she had already eaten all her dinner, as she had lost the mood to eat anything.

"I can't even picture my mom anymore. I still remember her scent, and I swear I could pick up a whiff of it sometimes, but I could never manage to follow it to her. I've followed scent trails to both ends of the forest, and it always just ends. It's like she just doesn't exist anymore."

Then something popped into Damien's mind. "Hey Travis, you know how Nala can track deer halfway across the city? I wonder if she could help find Roxy's mom and dad."

"Humans can follow scent trails? I thought you guys hunted by foot paths because you couldn't follow scent trails."

"No we can't. Nala is my pet dog. Forgot you haven't met the pets yet haha" Said Damien,

"Well let's give it a shot! I'll see if I can find her scent!" Said Roxy, a new look of hope and determination in her eyes.

"Well, we'd need to introduce you and Nala first, but I don't see why not. Hey Travis, can you get wake Nala up? I think she'd like to meet Roxy here."

"Sure. I'll be back in a minute."

Travis then went upstairs, followed by a slight rustling. Down the stairs came a 65lb hunting dog! A mountain cur! Her white chest and paws complimented her brindle fur and large head as she bolted down the stairs and into the hallway. A four legged missile was headed straight for Roxy!

Instinctively, Roxy stood up, knees and back straight, and drew her claws. Her pupils large, taking in the movements of the dog as it approached her. Her posture representing a predator on the hunt, Roxy braced for this vicious beast to attack! This never happened. Nala stopped just in front of Roxy's feet, panting and wagging her tail before licking Roxy's legs. Feeling so embarrassed about her display, Roxy withdrew her claws and kneeled down to Nala's level. This wasn't a vicious beast! It was an intelligent, gentle creature. Roxy picked up on the scents of kindness and excitement, responding in kind. Her tail pointed upwards, ears stood up, and she began petting the dog. Another bond had been made. Roxy had made three friends in one day! Although one of them was a pet, but we'll still count it of course!

Roxy's nose began twitching again. Another scent! This time it was feline. Down the stairs came a cat with white paws and a dark calico coat. Now this was more Roxy's speed! Sasquatch reached the bottom of the stairs and let out a meow towards the trio in the kitchen, with only Roxy immediately answering. "Mrrrrroooeoow" said Roxy, getting the cat's attention. She came right up to Roxy and started rubbing her scent glands into Roxy's ankles.

Both Roxy and Sasquatch were purring so smoothly. It couldn't have gotten any better, until it did. Roxy gave a "Rrrrreeeeerrrwww", getting an immediate answer from Sasquatch, starting an entire conversation in what could only be described as cat speak. The meowing only lasted a few seconds before the duo transitioned to something between cat noises and baby noises.

Damien and Travis looked on in awe! Roxy looked so happy! Sasquatch too!

"Any idea what they're talking about, Travis?"

"Sorry man, no ideas here either. Probably something about past travels or evening plans, if I had to guess."

Roxy looked up in confusion. "You guys can't understand her?

"Well you managed to misunderstand Nala when she first came in."

"She hadn't said anything! She just came running in, right at me! Wait, then how do you know when she's trying to ask you something?"

"We just have to guess. Usually she just wants to go outside and use the lawn, or she wants more food. Of course, we take her for walks too."

"So you have no idea what Sasquatch is trying to ask you? She's after the fishies in the cans. It's been over a week since she's had any."

"That liar! She had some last night! But whatever, if she's asking for it, then why not." Travis opened a can of wet cat food. Salmon flavor.

Sasquatch went right to it, eating the whole thing in one go.

"Come to think of it, Nala still hasn't said anything. Is she usually this quiet?"

"Yeah. She doesn't really bark much."

"Not barking, hooman brain. I mean gentle whining or other small sounds."

"Oh, yeah she does that from time to time. We usually take her outside or get her more food. I thought I just said this."

"Yeah, you did. So you guys truly can't understand your own pets." A thought came to mind... Did the farmers not understand their animals. Roxy thought they just ignored the animals and tortured them, but perhaps they had no idea what the animals were trying to tell them.

Wait a minute. Roxy was going to have to use three separate languages in this house! Luckily, dog, cat, and English were only three of the many languages Roxy knew. Incidentally, none of those were her best. She actually spoke bear better than anything else. She was forced to learn fast, in order to avoid territory issues. And with how frequently she encountered bears, she only kept learning until she became flawlessly fluent. There were only four families of bear in the forest, but there were still over forty of them!

"So... Are we going to look for my parents?"

"Of course! A promise is a promise!" Answered Damien, still taking in everything that was happening.

Wonder what promise means...Whatever, as long as he's willing to help. "Thank you so much!"

"Naturally, I'll come too. We'll all help out. I often hunt with a rifle, so I can follow tracks pretty well." Replied Travis, having no idea what he'd just said, and what it would mean to Roxy.

Before anyone could do anything about anything, Roxy had leaped over the entire table and tackled Travis! With claws drawn, ears folded down and tears in her eyes, she only had one thing to say. "You... Kill... Them..." With Roxy still in shock of everything that had happened, the room once again began spinning, her breathing became faster and faster until she couldn't breathe at all, and panic was the only thing left in Roxy's mind. Her strength had completely left her, even her claws had retracted without her realizing it. A thud was heard as she fell off of Travis and onto the floor. She wasn't hurt at all, just terribly overwhelmed. So much had happened so quickly that her mind couldn't keep up. It didn't help that she didn't have anything to drink since joining Damien in his car back at the forest, now over three hours ago.

With Roxy out, nobody knew what to do. Travis picked her up, and the duo decided to take her upstairs and lie her down on the bed in the spare room. He brought a tall glass of water for when she woke up.

A discussion began on what to do, with Damien realizing that he'd have a lot of work to do if this was going to work. These outbursts couldn't keep happening. Surely, there was a way to communicate with her without riling her up like that. A few hours later, Roxy still hadn't woken up. The duo made the decision to sleep in the room with Roxy. If she was to wake up still frightened, who knows what she'd try to do. They wanted to be there in case that were to happen.

Both Damien and Travis took a chair and watched over Roxy. The plan was to take shifts, with one keeping an eye on her and the other sleeping, but that quickly fell apart when both men fell asleep. Within an hour, a beautiful scene could be observed in the bedroom. Nala and Sasquatch had curled up on either side of Roxy. Sasquatch began kneading, while Nala fell asleep almost immediately.

When Roxy awoke, she found herself to be in an unfamiliar room on some sort of soft thing. Having been sleeping on her back for several hours, she found herself to be rather stiff. She took a moment to stretch, careful not to wake anyone up. Everyone else was asleep, and she really didn't want to wake them up. The outburst at Travis and what he had said to her had both completely disappeared from her mind. She drank the entire glass of water, the first thing she'd had to drink all day, laid back down. This time, she had curled up in a manner much like the average housecat. It just felt more natural to her.

Sasquatch awoke for a brief moment, syncing her purring with Roxy's before falling back asleep. It only took a few minutes for Roxy to fall back asleep. This time, it was a peaceful sleep. She dreamed of lights on poles, people walking on concrete paths, and conversations with animals at the park she'd passed in the car to Damien's house.

Eight peaceful hours passed before Roxy awoke, the last one to do so. She slightly uncurled, her legs and tail stretching to full extension as she let out a brief and quiet reeooow. As she stretched. she noticed a new and urgent sensation. She needed to get outside, FAST! Her bladder was dangerously full, at risk of bursting all over this soft cushion she had found herself on. Without even realizing it, she had placed her hand onto her crotch and applied great pressure to keep the boiling flood inside her.

"Thank God you're okay! I was so worried!" Travis said from the chair at the corner of the room.

"I'm not okay at all! Help me quick, where's the bathroom?! I'm gonna pee my pants!"

"Uhh, it's down the hall to the right. C'mon, follow me."

Roxy attempted to stand up, her bladder protesting harshly. A fierce spasm had caused a hot jet to escape into her panties, luckily not enough to show on the pajamas Damien had lent her. She stiffened her entire body, her legs shaking and knees locked together. She had no idea if she could do this. It was so much to hold back!

With small, slow steps, she approached Travis who took her hand and led her out the door and down the hall. Again, she froze, yanking her hand away from Travis and shoving it in her crotch to stop the flow! A baseball sized wet spot had formed on her pants! Her breathing heavy, tears in her eyes, she continued her journey to the bathroom. It was in vein. Another hot jet escaped her! The warm dampness ran down to her inner thighs as she doubled over, then crouched down on the floor. She simply couldn't do it!

"Just hold it a moment longer, I'll get a cup!" Shouted Travis, running to the bathroom and grabbing one of the cleaning basins. Roughly 1 foot around and 6 inches deep, it should suffice. At the very least, it was better than nothing.

When he returned to Roxy, she was positively beside herself! Still kneeling just off the floor, her powerful arms were pushing her hands into her crotch so hard that her pussy had turned completely white! Her legs shook furiously, and her breathing sounded very labored! She had lost another spurt while Travis was getting the basin, and a few drops had made it to the floor.

"Here, go in this! Hurry up, before you really have an accident!"

Roxy's pupils grew humongous, she reached out and grabbed the basin, losing another boiling spurt as she had only one hand on her crotch. She positioned the basin under her pussy, and tried her best to get her pajamas down, aside, anything! It wasn't working at all! She couldn't get them to move while she was kneeled down!

"Quick! Help me stand up! I can't get these pants down like this!"

"What?! You sure you want me to see you taking your pants off?!"

"DOESN'T MATTER, HURRY!"

With that, Travis extended an arm and pulled Roxy upright. This was it, her final chance! She slipped a hand under her panties to contain the boiling flood and got a grip of the waistband with her other hand. Before she could even attempt to lower her PJs, another spurt escaped! She again doubled over, unable to completely stop it! Reduced to a dribble, she again attempted to lower the PJs. The entire time, her legs shook furiously! She was so close to losing it! She started to lower her PJs when another spurt escaped with enormous gusto! She couldn't stop it! She shoved both hands into her crotch with all her strength! No good, her boiling pee shot out of the gaps between her fingers!

She crouched down over the basin, trying her best to line up the stream coming through the PJs with the basin under her. She only managed to get about half of it in there.

The tension left her body, and an ecstatic feeling of relief came over her. Without even realizing Travis was still there, she let out a moan of pure pleasure, while her face showed nothing but embarrassment.

This time it was Travis who helped her get cleaned up and showered.

Once Roxy could no longer pick up a fresh scent of Travis and didn't hear him outside the bathroom door, she began masturbating furiously in the shower! Her pussy and face positively glowing red hot with passion! She had never felt this good before! She was positively on fire! After a few moments, she couldn't stop it anymore! She came and came and came! Several loud moans filled with ecstasy escaped her quivering lips! It didn't matter if anyone heard her, she couldn't stop herself!

End of part 2.
