Stomach-ache

Author: Kayley

*000*2012-08-27 22:31

Stomach-ache

It was a Friday, I could finally rest a bit the weekend. The last lesson after lunch would be Potions with Professor Snape in the dungeons, probably the most hated class but at least it was the last one.

Breakfast today I just had a piece of dry toast and a glass of water, I had a bit of a stomach ache when I woke up and didn’t want to aggravate it any more than need be. Hermione and Ron noticed I wasn’t really myself but made sure I kept drinking so I didn’t dehydrate, Professor Lupin tried to keep me at break to find out what was wrong but I really needed the bathroom so I just told him that, he was reluctant to let me go but my stomach was hurting and I needed to go. When I finally got to the toilet and went about what I had to do. I should have gone to the infirmary right away but I felt a little embarrassed about having to see Madam Pomfrey about diarrhoea and it wasn’t so bad so I just went about life as normal and used the bathroom every chance I got so I never had an accident but at one point I thought I might have.

By the time lunch was here my stomach was hurting more and I didn’t want to have anything to eat really so I just had some dry crackers and some more water.

“Harry, are you alright?”

Hermione looked concerned and she was eyeing me carefully, I replied with

“I‘m fine, just a bit of an upset tummy that‘s all, it‘s nothing”

Hearing that she looked more concerned and I didn’t want to sit through a lecture

“Actually I‘m going to head to the bathroom before Potions, I‘ll see you there”

I left the great hall pretty quickly as I did really need to go but the downside, I ran straight into Snape, that was all I needed.

“AND, where do we think we are going so fast Potter?”

This was all I needed, I had to go and I had to go now, I wasn’t going to try and lie, I was just going to say it, I was bouncing on me feet where I did really have to go so bad as well

“I need to use the bathroom Professor!”

It was indeed evident that I needed to go

“Very well just don‘t be late to my class”

I took off as fast as I could up the stairs to the second floor, they were the closest but I still didn’t quite make it and I ended up using a few cleaning charms, I noticed by now that the pain had elevated and the diarrhoea had also got worse and I was starting to feel sick now but there was just 1 class left, I could get through that and then go to bed early.

Potions was a practical today and Ron let me pair with Hermione as they could both see that I was not myself in the slightest. By the time we had got to step 3 on the instructions the pain was getting hard to hide and I could feel another bathroom trip coming up but Snape never aloud students to be excused from class unless it was to go to the infirmary, that is exactly where I thought I should be heading, this wasn’t just a normal stomach ache any more, something else was wrong. All Hermione, Ron and Snape were watching me now, I could feel the sweat on my forehead and the pain was sure to be showing on my face by now, I hesitantly raised my hand, surprisingly Professor Snape got up from his desk and walked slowly to the back of the class, I had lowered my hand by now to hold my stomach, it was really hurting and I felt like I was going to be sick any minuet. Professor Snape comes up behind me, low in voice

“What is wrong, Mr. Potter?”

No one else apart from Hermione, Ron and sadly Malfoy heard what was being said

“I feel sick Professor”

I say just as quietly, there is none of his normal malice in his voice as he replies

“I think it‘s a little bit more than that, are you in pain at all?”

I’m not sure the word pain covered what I was feeling anymore now

“Yes, sir, my tummy sir.”

The only way I was getting my words out was through gritted teeth, I felt so sick now and that bathroom visit was becoming more urgent

“Wait here a moment.”

His voice was still soft, as he walked into his office, he instructed the class to start packing up, I was unaware at that time that Madam Pomfrey was on a compulsory course at St. Mungo’s for 2 weeks starting yesterday leaving Professor Snape in charge of the infirmary once again. He swiftly moved from his office and dismissed the class but Draco tried loitering a bit until Snape snapped at him

“What it is Draco?”

The blondes face was a picture, he looked like he had just been slapped

“I was going to ask if I could use your bathroom before I had to go please, sir?”

He sounded kind of desperate an I couldn’t help cry out as the pain surged to a huge burning level in the right side of my stomach making me try not to sick up on my desk. Professor Snape saw I was struggling and conjured a bowl so I could sick up in, I felt a little better after but the bathroom visit would need to be in the next 5 minuets at least. Draco had been let into Snape’s office to use his private bathroom, before quickly exiting the classroom with a mumbled

“Thank you sir.”

I was starting to feel a little light headed and the pain was surging, I could barely breath.

“Harry, where in your tummy is the pain?”

Did he just call me Harry? I move my hand over the section that has the most pain but as soon as he pressed slightly I sicked up again, I know he was just trying to feel the organs inside but my stomach rebelled and it’s contents wanted out, incidentally all over Professor Snape.

“I‘m sorry sir”

I felt I should apologise but I wasn’t sure how he would react, he didn’t seem angry

“It‘s ok Harry, your not the 1st student to have thrown up on me I dare say”

That was a bit of a surprised comment as I never really thought anyone would have the guts to sick up on Professor Snape but being sick myself now, I could see how easily it could happen, I could no longer keep the tears from falling down my face as Professor Snape conjured a stretcher and laid me on it, levitating me to the infirmary. I was settled into a bed all in the space of about 10 minuets and given a pain reliever which only took the edge of so I could once again contain my tears, my bladder as well as my bowel took the next moments to contract and I tried to hurry out of bed to get to the bathroom but once again I ran into Snape

“Harry! Please! stay in bed until I know why you are in so much pain.”

I couldn’t help it the pain in my bowel intensified and my bladder throbbed as I was put back to bed, I don’t know why I just let it happen I still needed to go really bad but felt the edges of my vision start to give into blackness.

The next thing I am aware is an even more intensified pain coming from my bowel and now actual pain in my bladder, I must have fallen asleep. I try to move but quickly realise a sticking charm has been cast to keep me in bed, I could feel tears well up in my eyes again, I couldn’t reach my wand to call for help all I could do was shout but it still took a few minuets for me to be heard by which time I had let a little out of both ends, I couldn’t help it, it hurt so much.

“Harry I need you to rest, the pain is obviously coming from an . . .”

I cut Professor Snape off before I completely lost control of everything

“I NEED to use the bathroom NOW, it‘s an emergency”

The urgency was pure in my voice, surely he wouldn’t make me stay here

“I‘ll get you a bottle, I can’t let you get up yet”

Bloody great but a bottle

“NO, Professor . . . . please I . . I can’t . . . . use just a bottle”

I feel very embarrassed but my pants were already stained by both needs and I could barely hold on, it hurt so much and I couldn’t contain my bowel properly at all anymore, I was slowly leaking onto the bed.

“Very well I shall return with a bedpan as well”

I didn’t really care I just wanted to stop using my pants as a toilet right now. True to his word Professor Snape returned with a bedpan and a bottle. He didn’t comment at the mess of my pants or the bed as he helped me get my pants down which I was grateful for but it was made worse when I accidentally weed on his hand, I couldn’t concentrate on anything other than the pain which was clear on my face.

“Harry, how long have you had diarrhoea?”

I knew this would come but I could feel relief on my bowel as I used the bedpan it wasn’t until Professor Snape also put in

“You can have your wee now Harry just please, try not to get my hand again”

I felt myself flush red when I realised what he ment I was still holding my bladder but I had weed on his hand, I realised I never replied to his question of the diarrhoea

“It started at break today Professor and I‘m sorry about your hand, I didn’t mean to”

“I know Harry that‘s why I didn’t mention it until then, why didn’t you come and see me at break, I was here.”

I didn’t really have an answer for that

“I . . . Uh . . . I thought that Madam Pomfrey was working and by the time I . . Uh . . Finished it was time for the next class”

Well it was true. The curtains were around my bed but I couldn’t help stiffen as the infirmary doors opened,

“It‘s ok, Kayley?”

Footsteps were getting louder

“Yes Professor?”

I relaxed slightly and weed on the his hand again, he didn’t say anything but I still felt like I could die of embarrassment.

“Could you analyse 2 samples for me this afternoon by dinner please?”

I was feeling a little better and I was staring to nearly be finished emptying my bowel, my bottom was actually getting quite sore now.

“I can Professor, could you please excuse me for 10 minuets before I start though?”

She kind of sounded like she had been crying

“I can, your excused, Harry, can I ask, have you ever had an operation?”

Operation? Why was he asking that? That I could remember, no.

“I don’t think so Professor, I think I‘m finished going now”

I sure as hell hoped I was finished, he moves the bottle and caps it, casting a refresh charm on his hands, I blush still embarrassed

“I‘m sorry about your hands Professor”

He just eyed me wearily and lifted his top on the right side as he speaks,

“It‘s not a problem, you‘re sure about no operations, you don’t have a scar like this?”

My bottom was starting to get really quite sore, in reply I just shake my head and lift my top showing no scar unlike he was showing me, scar.

“Ok Harry, that‘s fine, I want you to get some rest now, if you need the bathroom again please call me by pressing this button. I‘ll be back shortly”

I just nod, he had helped me off the bedpan and to lay down after helping me to clean up, he then waved his wand to open the curtains and levitated my . . Uh . . leavings to the office.

Later that evening the pain was increasing again suggesting that the pain reliever was wearing off as was the nausea reducer. I had also used the bedpan and the bottle 3 more times and had 2 accidents 1 of which while I was asleep waking up only when I felt the bed start to get very wet. Blood was taken for testing as were magical scans of my insides to try and find a reason as to why I was so ill, both Snape and Kayley had worked through dinner, Kayley doing most of the analysing while tending other patients so that Snape could concentrate on just me, Winchester was 1 patient and Wood came in shortly after feeling sick.

At about 9:15 both Professor Snape and Kayley came over to my bed and explained what the tests had shown as well as what had to be done, it was appendicitis which had to be treated as soon as possible by surgical removal called an appendectomy which Snape would lead and with permission Kayley would assist, if I refused by the time I could get to St. Mungo’s for treatment my appendix could of burst and I could die. I didn’t know what to feel but I got a sudden shiver down my spine and grabbed the bottle Kayley had put in the holder so I didn’t wee on the bed again. I had to go. I never said anything until I was done and all I could reply with was a shaky sounding

“Ok”

I was then moved to a room in which I would be operated on and even though I had just been I felt the need to wee again but I also needed a poo now as well to make matter’s worse.

“Professor, I need to go again.”

I didn’t want to not say anything and then have another accident while being operated on.

“Kayley could you please fetch another bottle”

Snape looked towards me as if for confirmation that indeed I did need a poo as well, I nodded

“And a bedpan as well please”

Kayley left without a word and came back quickly, she assisted me with my needs, I was shy but I had to go and I could see Professor Snape was busy. After I had finished, granted my bottom was very sore by now and I laid down on my back ready to be put to sleep.

“Right Harry, I will cast a knock out charm so that I can cut you open and remove your appendix, Kayley will be helping with this by mainly keeping an eye that you are stable if at any point through the procedure you need the toilet please think that and she will relieve you magically, you will not feel any pain but you will still feel your bowels and bladder.”

At this I just nod, I want it over with but I hear words coming out of my mouth anyway, I wasn’t sure how

“You went through this sir?”

He looks towards me and then Kayley, replying softly

“I have, so has Kayley so we both know how you feel, you will also need to be in bed for at least a week so you can heal”

I nod again, I don’t feel as nervous now but a slight throbbing in my bladder makes me feel apprehensious, I cant need to go again already but I feel a surge of energy go through me and the throbbing stops, I look to Kayley as she holds her wand over me.

“It happens sometimes, I wet myself twice before I went under and that was with using the bathroom 1st so don‘t worry about anything”

I couldn’t help but smile, I suddenly felt very sleepy and my eyes drifted shut. Professor Snape was right I felt no pain, I could feel my bladder and my bowel, I could also hear and feel a wetness around me that I knew must be blood.

Halfway through I could hear Kayley getting shifty and I was feeling sick, very sick, I couldn’t move, I couldn’t sit up, I was scared, I felt a little tube placed at the side of my mouth and Kayley whispered by my left ear,

“You can be sick now, you wont choke”

I believed her but while I was worrying about that I never realised my bladder had overfilled again and I started weeing the bed as I did sick up and Kayley was concentrating on me not choking so once again I weed on Snape, all down his front this time though, I felt strangely relieved and Kayley said

“Sorry Severus, he never registered he had to, he was just panicking he was going to choke if he was sick.”

I was feeling too tired to care anymore and just let myself drift into a deep sleep.

I could feel myself drift into a lighter sleep and slowly wake up but I kept my eyes closed, I had no idea what time it was and I could no longer hear voices. I hoped that meant it was good, it would mean I was no longer being operated on, thank Merlin. As I lay there trying to make myself fall into a deep sleep again. Before I even have a chance to, I feel the uncomfortable urge to sick up, I breath in and out a few time but it does nothing to reduce the nausea. I knew I was going to sick up. It was just a matter of time, now or later?

“Mr. Potter?”

Professor Snape’s voice, he must know I’m awake, not wanting to make the nausea worse but not wanting to talk either, I slowly open my eyes.

“How are you feeling now Harry?”

He called me Harry again.

“I feel like I‘m going to sick up Professor”

He gave a sympathetic smile and called Kayley.

“That will be normal for a little while but it will subside before tonight so you can get a good night‘s rest”

Tonight? What did that mean it was night when they took me in to get my appendix out. I look slightly to the side and notice it is light out.

“How long have I been unconscious?”

“Just through the night but it did a lot of good, sleep can be the best medicine sometimes, I have no doubt that you probably need to use the facilities now but due to the stitches I cant even let you attempt to walk for at least 2 days from now, you will probably still have diarrhoea for a while but I can give you potions to help.”

I was feeling kind of better, Kayley had made me swallow some pink stuff that tasted a bit like mint, Anti-Nausea draft I assumed. Professor Snape was also right, I did need the bathroom although more for a wee than anything else.

“I do Professor, need the bathroom I mean”

He nodded his head slightly replying

“I‘ll be right back”

By the time he got back I realised I did need a poo as well but it wasn’t as pressing as it had felt yesterday, Kayley left treating other patients until she looked like she would pass out.

“Severus?”

She immediately clamped her hand over her mouth and Professor Snape turned to look at her as he was about to help me, I could wait a little longer but I really need a wee, she didn’t look good though so I stayed quiet while they talked.

“I‘m sorry, I didn’t mean to”

She actually looked horrified, but he calm

“It‘s ok Kayley, what is it? I need to help Harry”

She visible relaxed a bit before replying

“Sorry but I need to take a break, will that be ok or do you need me for something?”

He didn’t reply for a moment but eventually

“I could do with your help here but why do you wish to have a break if you don‘t mind saying?”

Kayley flushed a light pink before replying

“I need to use the bathroom, have a shower and I haven’t actually eaten anything since yesterday lunch Severus.”

I couldn’t wait for another second and hiss

“Sir?”

He looked toward me then replying to Kayley

“If you are not too desperate for the bathroom yourself could you please stay until I have finished helping Harry?”

I was holding myself now and that was the only reason that I hadn’t weed yet. Kayley gave a short nod before heading toward the office. I was now desperate for both and didn’t hang around once the curtains were pulled, this time however I made sure not to wee on Snape again. I finished and felt a lot better, sore but better.

“She called you Severus sir”

It was a statement but I wondered why really

“She did Harry, here students are not students but apprentices and patients, I have been calling you Harry and you didn’t make a comment”

I understood now, Kayley was the apprentice for the hospital wing.

“Does that mean she calls Madam Pomfrey by her given name as well? I did notice that sir but I didn’t really know how to respond to your change in . . Uh . . Attitude”

I felt like I was digging a hole to burry myself in

“She does, my attitude towards my students is very different towards my patients and apprentices as you may well have noticed, is there anything else you would like to know Harry?”

I considered asking a few things but knew time was a little short due to the fact Kayley was waiting on us so she could go

“How long will I have to stay here sir?”

It was actually nice here for once but the other patients would watch me and make me uneasy

“That will depend on your recovery, now I would say about a week and a half but if you show signs of healing faster then it could be shorter, now if there is nothing else Harry I really need to run to the loo myself before I relieve Kayley for the morning as it would be the only chance I may have and using the elimination charm all the time can be dangerous.”

I didn’t realise he had to go too but I should of guessed from his stance and body language

“Yes, Sorry sir”

I said feeling kind of guilty to have kept him

“Nothing to be sorry for Harry, I will check on you again after I have relieved Kayley and if you have more questions, you may ask, you may also call me Severus while you are here”

That answered another of my questions.

“Thank you . . . Severus”

I actually felt a strange sense of comfort while talking to Severus. He had left quickly after banishing the bedpan and bottle and headed straight for the patient toilets not even attempting to reach the staff toilets. He was quick and efficient, then went to relieve Kayley who darted from the hospital wing so fast if you hadn’t known she was there you wouldn’t think anyone else was. I fell asleep quite soon after Severus came to do one last check on me.

I awoke again some few hours later to the midday sun streaming through the window, Kayley was tending to Luke and Oliver was asleep so it was quite quiet. I didn’t like being in bed but I knew if I tried too much too early I would only be stuck in bed longer. I shifted slightly to become slightly more comfortable and I noticed the bed was wet, quite wet actually, I lift the covers slowly praying that it’s not what I think it is, to my horror I was sat in a red liquid, blood. I couldn’t feel any pain and on further inspection I could see myself that there was a stitch missing at the end.

“HELP!”

Despite the fact I knew what was wrong I couldn’t help but panic, both Severus and Kayley rush over to me and see the blood, it didn’t help much that I also felt sick.

“Harry, calm down I need to take a look at your tummy now.”

I calmed but felt sicker by the second, I pull up my top which is not a pretty sight, blood covering nearly most of it

“I‘m going to sick up”

I couldn’t help it there was so much blood, I clamped my hand over my mouth while Kayley fetched a bowl and Severus looked at my stomach.

It barely took 10 minuets to fix but I couldn’t help but feel as if when I moved it would happen again. Over the next 2 days I didn’t move unless absolutely necessary and the diarrhoea stopped thank Merlin. On day 3 I was aloud to get up for short times but I was very nervous and I still couldn’t walk all the way to the toilet and back so I was still using aids there. 7 days later everything had returned to normal and I was released from the infirmary to return to lessons as normal.

