Daniel and Amy - Page 36

Author: Barry

*876*2017-09-01 13:31

Thanks for the support guys and girls. Glad you're still enjoying it. I feel reinvigorated with it lately, and have a few ideas.

Unfortunately I probably won't get another chapter in for a few days. Friday night here, and have a full weekend coming up.

For the record, I've checked the actual timeline, and the kids should've actually gone on holiday last week. I'm going to explain the timeline soon, buts it's an accurate reflection of West Australian school terms and seasons for 2017.

So after camp week, our little heroes might be going on holiday.....

Will get updated ASAP.

*878*2017-09-05 14:40

Chapter 38:

Amy stepped into the girls room, then pivoted straight back around and walked out again. There was a huge commotion going on inside, and it sounded like a couple of the year 9 girls were about to have a fight. She recognised at least one of the screaming voices, and that was enough to convince her that using the bathroom wasn't vitally important right now.

In essence, it wasn't. She had relieved herself before school, at morning recess, and then twice at lunchtime, making sure that she used the toilet after drinking her juice box, and in the two hours since, she had made sure to keep her water bottle usage to a minimum. Her current visit to the bathroom was merely an insurance policy, rather than a necessity. She really didn't need to go, and besides, her diaper was still nearly dry. Certainly not any worse than a bit damp in a small spot, and she was only going to change it because she had noticed at lunchtime, as she was taping herself back up just before the bell, that the top tapes were starting to wear out after being undone, and done up again, so many times. It wasn't often that Amy was able to successfully remain dry for so long. It was doable, but a lot of effort was required. Still, she felt proud.

Also, if she did forgo the bathroom, and hurry a bit, she might just be able to catch up with Nikki before she boarded her bus! She was dying to know if her best friend had wet herself yet! Walking swiftly but silently, she hurried away towards the bus stops.

Unfortunately though, she turned up just in time to see her friends back as she was boarding the bus. Sighing, and slumping her shoulders theatrically in a fine show of dramatic teenage exasperation, she turned instead towards where the parents waited in the pick up zone, and trudged towards her mothers idling car.

"Hey princess, how was school? What's the matter? You look upset," Sonia said, noticing straight away that she was cross about something. It was actually impossible not to notice.

Amy forced a smile, getting out of her frump just as easily as she had fallen into it. "Hi mum. Nothing really. Just tried to catch up with Nik, but I missed her."

Sonia laughed. "What? All day yesterday, all night last night, and all day today, and you still haven't finished gossiping with each other?"

"Shut up mum," Amy replied with a giggle, "just gonna say goodbye."

"Are you ready for the mall?" Sonia asked, putting the car into gear. Amy assured her that she was, and Sonia pulled out into the traffic.

###

Nikki was fortunate to snare a seat on the bus. She held her bag on her lap as she slid into the window seat, then immediately started waving at Amy's retreating back, but Amy never turned around nor noticed. Another girl Nikki only vaguely knew, (Tara? Trisha? TAYLOR!) gave her a shy smile before sitting next to her, and Taylor's friend sat in the seat across the narrow aisle, and they resumed their animated conversation.

This suited Nikki just fine, as she had no interest at all in trying to maintain a polite conversation, or suffer through an uncomfortable silence. She was too focused on what was going on with her own body to be concerned with pretending to be interested in anything else at the moment. She pulled her old cell phone out, and kept it half hidden while she pretended to be playing with it, although she didn't have enough credit on it at the moment to even send a text, let alone log onto the internet. It was purely a read-only device, with nothing to read.

Nikki couldn't ever remember being so desperate before, although she knew of course that she had. The very fact that she hadn't wet herself yet was proof that she had been more desperate before, and quite often, if you actually collated the amount of times she'd pissed her pants accidentally while experimenting with her holding games. Not to mention the deliberate, just-for-fun-because-I-can wettings that she did. It's just those other accident memories don't truly relive the physical discomfort of holding on. Afterwards, you remember it as being easier, especially when the current state of your bladder is swollen and sore.

The bus went over a speed hump, and Nikki hissed in a sharp intake of breath and crossed her trembling legs, squeezing her thighs as tightly together as the thickly padded diaper separating them would allow.

("Oh God! This really isn't going to work.") Nikki came to that sad revelation as the bus rounded a roundabout, making her hold onto the seat in front with one hand, and hold her bag tightly against her lap with the other, and she dare not uncross her legs.

Suddenly, she leaked. Even with her thighs tightly crossed, she felt it oozing out. Nikki squinted her eyes and gritted her teeth, her whole body tensing, and the knuckles on her left hand, the one holding the seat in front, turned white.

"Nikki? It's Nikki, right? Are you okay?" Taylor was looking at her, concerned.

Blushing at having been discovered, Nikki forced a smile, letting go of her death grip on the seat, and sat back, trying to look relaxed, which wasn't easy considering the fact that she was currently wetting herself, and couldn't stop.

"Ah. Yeah," she replied, arching her back tightly as her bladders stream increased in strength, and she started peeing harder, completely without control into her padded underwear, "my back just cramped a bit, that's all."

Taylor looked concerned, and reached for the bag on Nikkis lap. "Ow! You poor thing. Here. Give me your bag while you stretch out."

Nikki clutched the bag even more tightly against her lap, feeling like the pressure being applied there was all that was stopping the warm spreading sensation she felt between her legs and around her bottom from suddenly becoming an uncontrollable flood, one that would easily escape the confines of her swiftly swelling diaper, and start running across the seat and floor towards the overly helpful girl beside her, all the while soaking her dress.

"No no no," Nikki replied, suddenly alarmed. "I'm good! Real good actually. Yep. Good."

As she spoke, she seemed to start peeing even harder, her full day of holding apparently having tired out her bladder muscles at last, and she was helpless to stop it.

"So THIS is what it feels like to wet yourself around the other kids," she mused silently, but managed to force another smile at Taylor, who eyed her weirdly for a second, before shrugging, and turning back to her conversation.

Nikki sighed, opening her legs up a bit, trying to give her urine every chance to get absorbed, hopefully preventing any leaks. She could feel hot wetness running all across her girlhood, and snaking its way down between the junction of both thighs, while the warm spot underneath her buttocks grew warmer, and soggier.

Luck was on her side at least slightly though. Taylor and her friend got off the bus two stops before Nikki did, and there was nobody sitting directly behind her or opposite her by then, so she was able to raise her bottom slightly, and pretend to smooth her dress out, allowing her to check for wetness, which she found.

Thankfully, it was only small. If her touch could be trusted, she had an egg sized wet spot on the back of her dress, but she knew from past experience that the tartan-inspired check pattern wouldn't highlight it at all. She had walked home before a lot wetter than this.

These grownup didees were amazing!

As the bus slowed for her stop, she stood up nervously, half expecting the saturated nappy to fall from her skinny hips with a wet PLOP! right onto the floor. It didn't though, and although it felt very swollen and puffed out between her legs, and a bit saggy under her bum, it actually held up very well.

She was glad that she hadn't undone the tapes since Amy had tightened them for her that morning. She grinned as she remembered standing with her legs spread, while Amy had sat on the bed, and adjusted the tapes one by one until the big nappy had fitted her properly, even cupping the crotch once to hold it firmly in place. That had been nice. Nikki didn't waste any time getting off the bus however, and she kept a waiting hand at the ready to try and grab at her diaper, should it begin to slide down as she walked.

Standing on the side of the road outside the park, Nikki looked around dejectedly. She wasn't sure how to feel. After all, she could now lay claim to having genuinely, accidentally wet herself at school. High school too. She had wet herself a few times accidentally at primary school, but this was her first real high school accident though. That was something to cross off the ol' bucket list at least. But now her diaper was ruined! She had really wanted to use it in bed that night. It was really disappointing in a way to wreck it like that, although she was sure that she'd look back on the experience more fondly later. Such a shame to use her last nappy like that.

Then, she had an idea.

###

"We'll get your jeans first, then do a quick grocery shop," Sonia informed her daughter, choosing to ignore the accompanying eye-roll.

"Buy me a slurpee mummy?" Amy asked with a sly grin, looking out the corner of her eyes at her smiling mother.

"Why is it only ever 'mummy' when you want something?" Sonia asked in mock frustration. "AND I never heard the magic word either......"

"Oh please mother dearest, will you please bestow your meagre kindness on your youngest daughter?" Amy asked, fluttering her eyes over-dramatically, causing Sonia to snort with laughter.

"One of these days sweetie, I'm going to knock that sass out of you, you know?"

"Nah! You love me too much. Mummy." Amy replied, deliberately emphasising the last word with a snicker.

"Do you need to bring your bag?" Sonia asked, which was basically a euphemism for 'Do you need your nappy changed?' Amy was passed being upset by that question years ago, and she simply shook her head, and left her bag in the car.

The slurpee stand was just inside the door. "Just a medium one," Sonia insisted. "Better not drink too much before we try the pants on." Amy nodded, accepting the blue icy treat from the vendor, thanked her mum, then dutifully followed her into the depths of the mall.

Sue found a temporary quiet spot, and pulled her daughter briefly aside. "So do you want to go to the toilet before we shop, or did you actually go before leaving school like I asked you to?" Sonia enquired with a raised eyebrow.

Amy felt herself blanching a bit, and sheepishly lowered her eyes.

"I, uh, didn't go at school mum," she admitted, hurriedly stammering out her story about how the other, bigger kids were fighting in there before Sonia could have a chance to protest.

Her mother shook her head, looking grim. "I'm going to call them tomorrow. If they can't control the bigger kids, they should have a teacher or somebody patrolling after school. It's not fair on the younger ones like you girls, but especially you of all people! Never mind, but you had better go have a wee wee now, before we go shopping, eh?

Amy blushed, as a sudden realisation washed over her. "Oh mum, I can't!" Lowering her voice to a whisper, she explained, "I've gone to the loo like four times today at school. I noticed when I went last time, that my top tapes were only just holding on by then. If I undo 'em again now, I'll never get it done up again. I'll need a new one, and they're in the car....."

"You silly girl!" Sonia hissed. "Why on earth didn't you change the damn thing at lunchtime? When you noticed it?"

"I wasn't going in to change then, MUMMY," Amy hissed back louder, glaring at her mother disdainfully. "I was simply going in to use the toilet, you know? Like a grownup? Because I was still dry! Like I'm supposed to be?" A tear shimmered in the corner of her eye as her whisper grew in intensity. "Then I tried to after school, but couldn't, and I guess because I don't need to go now, I musta forgot about it, and......"

"SHHH!" Sonia hushed, even louder, and they became aware that they were starting to attract a few odd stares. "You're right sweetie. I'm sorry, I just wasn't seeing it from your view. I get it now. Chillax fam..."

Amy suddenly snorted. "MUM! Don't you ever, EVER, say stuff like 'chillax fam!'"

They smiled at each other, and Amy stepped across to give her mother a quick hug.

"Sorry mum,"

"Sorry honey, but quick. What do you want to do? Want to go back and fetch your bag?"

Amy really didn't want to do that.

"Nah. Come on mum, let's just go now, while I'm still dry."

"Wait Ames, what if you went to the toilet, you take your nappy off, and I'll get you some panties to try the jeans on with?"

Amy looked appalled. "No way mum! I'm not gonna walk from the bloody toilets to the shop with no underpants on under my skirt, so you can buy me new panties to wear, and I have to put them on, in the shop, with everyone wonderin' 'zactly why I'm not wearing any? Then I gotta make it through grocery shopping without a diaper on? Just panties? In the bloody shop? Uh-uh. No way." Crossing her arms, she looked cute, but defiant, and her mother grinned.

"Language, miss...." she warned. "But you're right, that was a bloody stupid idea, wasn't it?"

They both laughed, and headed directly towards the jeans shop, trying to get there while Amy was still dry.

###

At least her phone was still good for telling the time. Nikki stood inside the park, slightly off to the side, and tried to surreptitiously grind her thighs together, squelching the wet padding of her special underpants firmly against her private area. It felt so good. Now she was finally standing up, she could feel even more pee inside her that could be expelled. The urgency was gone, and she was far from desperate, but she could still detect a certain heaviness in her bladder, and knew that not only was there still a bit left, her holding muscles felt tired. If that was even possible, she didn't know, but somehow they did.

Originally, upon first entering the park, feeling half elated about experiencing a real school wetting, but at the same time half deflated about spoiling her only good didee, she just decided that she was going to deliberately force her remaining pee from its hiding place into her already fullish diaper, but still walk through the park, regardless of any leaks that may occur. Just trust her diaper, and keep moving, hoping it didn't fail completely, or fall off her skinny hips with its growing weight while she walked.

That's when the idea really struck her properly.

Her only diaper, kids or adults, was now ruined, and who knew when she'd be able to get them again. The idea running around in her head had been simple:

:Use the diaper.

:To the maximum.

:Enjoy it:

:Regardless of the consequences.

While she thought, the slim girl still wearing the primary school outfit of green checked dress, white ankle socks and black t-bar shoes, bounced on the balls of her feet, testing to see if her nappy was likely to fall down. Although it felt thicker and heavier, the waist and legs bands still held well, and it didn't sag or leak. Even squeezing her thighs together tightly only forced a little bit out. Amy's years of diapering herself had obviously paid off.

Nikki grinned as the diaper held firm. The answer was so obvious. To get full use from her last diaper, she would poop in it.

*885*2017-09-07 15:27

Chapter 39:

"The House Of Denim," as it was called, was still doing a brisk business, and although not crowded, it was certainly busy. Sonia and Amy were there because of the sale they had on. Because of her diapers, Amy was usually much more of a skirt-or-dress type of girl, but since she'd been going out with Danny, and he'd complimented her on her old jeans, telling her how pretty she looked, and assuring her that her nappy wasn't noticeable, she had wanted a new pair, and had started asking, sometimes almost begging for them. Of course she eventually wore Sonia down, and her mother had finally agreed when the sale came up. She just wanted a nice, loose fitting, baggy pair, for obvious reasons. Maybe bell bottoms.

She was distracted though. It was sort of annoying really. She still didn't need to pee, but ever since her mother had bought it up, Amy couldn't stop thinking about it. It was strangely worrying, because every day at this time, she either needed to wee, or her nappy was already wet, and even though she hadn't used the toilet after school, neither scenario currently applied. She was almost confident she would get through the fitting while staying dry, which was extremely important, because Sonia wouldn't let her try on pants if her diaper was wet.

"It's just not right, what would happen if you got wee on them?" she had explained, when reminding Amy to either pee or change straight after school.

But so far, so good. She still didn't really need to go. Well, not much. Maybe just a little bit. She hadn't needed to go at all until her damn mother had mentioned it! Since then, she couldn't stop thinking about it, and it was making her think she may soon need to go. Bloody hell mum. Still, there was heaps of time yet, even Amy could hold on for a while longer, but she'd still like to hurry, you know, like just in case?

Of course Sonia had her own ideas about what her daughter should get, and the bickering started. Amy wanted black or dark navy pants, and Sonia suggested some cute bib overalls, with three quarter length legs, in a washed and faded denim.

Amy actually liked them on sight, agreeing with her mother for once, but she had some serious reservations.

"Geez mum, I can't wear that. I mean, it's like nice and all, but lookit the colour! Imagine what a leak would look like in that!"

"God, Amy, you can't just wear baggy black or dresses all your life you know! You're right, anything bad might show, but you don't have to wear them to school or anything, just around the house. It'd be nice to see you wearing something different for a change. Look. I'll still get you your pants, but try these too. If you like them, I'll buy them as a bonus."

Amy didn't need much convincing. She had thought the shortie overalls were really cute when Sonia had pointed them out, and although Amy didn't usually do "cute" when it came to fashion, she had a sneaking suspicion that "Little" Danny might like her in them as well, next time they "played" together. If her mum was willing to buy them, then all the better.

Taking the bibs along with the bell bottoms that she had found, Amy found an empty dressing room. Unlike Nikki, she was wearing the senior school uniform, and her reflection showed her standing there in a white blouse, red tie, grey pleated skirt, white, knee length socks, and black t-bar shoes, looking every inch the Catholic schoolgirl that she indeed was. Although she knew technically what her size was, Amy always insisted on actually trying pants on first, as she was always concerned about whether or not her diaper would be visible. It put a whole new dimension on the old saying, "Does my bum look big in these?"

Amy sat on the little bench, and unbuckled her shoes, taking them off and kicking them underneath. Then, making sure that the curtain was closed properly, she unbuttoned her skirt, stepping out of it and hanging it from a hook. She didn't need to get the new jeans pulled up all the way to discover that they were a size too small.

"Mum, you there?" Amy asked the curtain.

"Yes honey?" a voice replied.

"These're too small. Can you get me the next size up please?" She passed them through the curtain, and Sonia took them from her.

While she waited, she kept looking at her reflection, while keeping one hand holding the hem of her blouse down, covering her bloomers and diaper. Not many kids would like someone opening the curtain and catching them in their underwear, and Amy was particularly cautious. Although she wore blue sports pants, or "bloomers," as the girls called them, her diaper bulge was extremely obvious, and it even poked out around her legs a bit. She noticed her reflection was wiggling its toes, and its socked feet kept jiggling, her body apparently more physically aware of her growing need to pee than what her mind was, even though she kept thinking about it almost constantly. She jumped a bit when a hand holding different jeans suddenly burst through the curtain behind her.

"Here princess, try these," her mother said.

Again Amy stepped into them, this time pulling them up with ease, doing up the zip and button, her shirt held up and out of the way while she pivoted her back towards the mirror and opened the curtain.

"Whatcha think mum?"

Sonia looked critically over Amy's shoulder at her reflection, then nodded. "They're good Ames! Can't see a thing."

"You sure?" Amy asked, unconvinced.

"Bend over for me," Sonia instructed, "stretch 'em out."

Amy did as she was told, bending at the waist low enough to grab at her shins. Sonia nodded again. Although she could tell her daughters bum looked a bit plumper than normal, she couldn't actually see the outline of the diaper at all, and so she gave her approval. "Very pretty. They're good. Now, try the overalls on."

Amy hesitated, hands ready to undo the waist button, but not moving.

"Well?" Sonia asked.

"Ah, well how about a little privacy here mum?"

Amazed, Sonia shook her head, almost in shock. "What? After all the times I see you......" she sighed, "never mind. Just hurry, ok?"

Amy bit back her own retort about how it was all her mothers idea to try the damn overalls on in the first place, and waited for the curtain to fall back before undoing her new jeans.

It was as she was pulling them down, that disaster struck.

Somehow, Amy's jeans snagged onto her bloomers, yanking at them violently, which in turn caught on her diaper. The sudden 'popping' noise was one she'd heard many times before, the sound of a diaper tape ripping away. She stepped out of the jeans that were puddled around her ankles, then lifted her blouse up, looking in dismay at her reflection, suddenly feeling a loss of tension around her tummy. The mirror confirmed her fear. Both top tapes had pulled clear, and her diapers waistband was hanging open over the top of her little shorts.

Amy pulled her shirt back down with a deep sigh, then opened the curtain a bit, sticking her head out through the gap.

"Mum?" Amy let out a questioning peep.

Sonia had wandered off, looking at a rack of specials, but like any mother, it only took a needy sound from her child to garner her attention.

"Yes baby, something wrong?"

"Can you, um, like come in for a sec?" Amy pleaded.

"Thought you wanted some privacy," her mother replied smugly, stepping in and drawing the curtain behind her. "What's up, buttercup?"

Amy pulled the front of her little blue shorts down a bit, showing Sonia what had happened.

"What am I going to do now mum? I can't go walking around like this! The bloody things gonna fall off me, and it'll leak for sure!"

Sonia held up her hand, palm out, to shut her daughter up, and give herself time to think. "Wait here," she said, closing the curtain as Amy pointed out that she couldn't bloody well go anywhere, could she?

Sonia returned a couple of minutes later, and sat herself down on the bench in front of Amy, who was standing awkwardly, one hand holding her diaper up inside her shorts, while her stockinged toes kept curling up across the carpet. The more she tried to stand still, the more she needed to pee. It was steadily getting worse now.

"Safety pins!" Sonia explained, showing Amy her acquisition. "I got them off the girl at the counter, told her your bra strap had just broke! Now, pull your pants down, and let me have a look at your nappy."

Amy blushed, but didn't have much choice. She still needed to try the bibs on, and then go shopping, and the way her urgency was starting to build, apparently the result of her icy drink filtering through to her damaged bladder, had left her recognising the fact that she was likely to be wetting herself very shortly. She desperately needed her diaper to be in a functioning condition should that happen.

"Stand still," Sonia instructed, as her daughters feet kept jiggling.

Amy blushed even deeper. "Please hurry mum. I think I need to pee."

Amy was holding the nappy in place with one hand on the front, the other on the back, trying hard not to flash her private area at her mum, and starting to bounce on her toes a bit. Sonia opened a safety pin, and put the other in her mouth, while she put a hand on Amy's waist, and guided her into the position where she wanted her to stand.

Amy suddenly squealed. Sonia had slipped her index finger into the leg guard, and rubbed it backwards across her bottom, taking the opportunity to check her daughters nappy for wetness.

"Jesus mum! What're you doing," she hissed.

"I thought you were wet," her mother replied without looking up, "but you're not, it's okay."

"Bloody hell mum! I coulda just told you that if you hadda asked!"

Sonia got the first pin in, then patted Amy's bottom to make her turn to the other side.

"Ames, hold your damn shirt up will you? I can't see what I'm doing. There. That's better. Now, open your legs up a bit for me sweetheart. Good."

Amy thought she could just about die when her mother cupped the crotch of her diaper, and pushed it firmly upwards, trying to force the tapes as close together as possible. She remembered how she had done the exact same thing to Nikki that morning, and how they had laughed and giggled about it, but it didn't seem anywhere as amusing now. Standing with her legs parted, and her mother holding her girlhood through the padding, Amy just wanted it to be over before she peed into her mothers hand! Her right foot lifted up, and rubbed nervously against her left calf, dragging her knee high sock down to her ankle.

"There! All done. That'll hold up until we get home," Sonia announced proudly, then without hesitation, she picked up Amy's bloomers and held them open for her to step into, pulling them up snugly over her freshly repaired diaper, then pulling her fallen sock back up into position again, dressing her like a toddler. Amy felt a bit embarrassed by this, but was more grateful for her mothers help than anything.

"Thanks mummy," she said softly. Then added a questioning "Mum?"

"Yes Amy?"

"Do you think I'll be able to, um, like, you know, ah, use it if I have to?"

Sonia had noticed the way Amy had been fidgeting around, and the way her toes kept curling up, and had correctly guessed that she was starting to build up towards a pee, which is why she had checked her for wetness before taping her up as firmly as she could.

"Yes honey, you should be okay, but try and hold on until you've tried the overalls on if you can."

Amy was relieved. She felt a lot better now, safe again, and protected. "I think I can mum, but let's hurry though, just in case."

This time, she didn't make any fuss about her mother staying in the room with her. Let's face it, if your mother checks your nappy by sticking her finger in it, then cups it, tapes you in it, then helps you put your pants and socks on, your modesty soon flies out the window.

She stepped into the overalls, but hitched them up carefully, then with Sonia's help, managed to get the bib straps over her shoulders, and slid the clips together against her ample breasts. Turning to the mirror, she squeaked with delight.

"That's great mum! I mean, it looks a bit stupid with my dumb school shirt and socks, but I like it! Can you, um, you know, like 'see' anything?"

Sonia glanced at her daughters behind. The bibs were even baggier than her new jeans, so her diaper was invisible. Admittedly the faded denim would prove unforgiving if her protection leaked, but you couldn't tell she was wearing it. Also, she thought Amy looked incredibly cute in them, although she would never actually use those words in her presence.

Sonia was quick to reassure her, "Not at all Ames. I really like them. It's nice to see you in something else for a change, instead of just baggy black.

Amy pivoted around in front of the mirror, trying to get a good look at her bottom, and Sonia was quick to notice how Amy's hand somehow randomly started tugging absently at her hip, and her socked feet didn't want to stay still.

"You need to do a wee, don't you?" Sonia whispered to her posing daughter.

"Huh? Ah, yeah, s'pose I do, a little bit? Thought I told you that...."

"I think you need to go more than just a little bit darling. Come on, hurry up and get changed.

Amy nodded sheepishly. Once again, she really hadn't noticed her need until her mummy had pointed it out to her. It was kinda 'barrassing how her mum could tell better than she herself could sometimes. But it was pointless arguing, because her mum had been right, Amy just hadn't noticed, until now.

Now she was aware of it, it seemed worse all of a sudden. It still wasn't urgent, and she was still in control, but at some point soon she would need to pee, it was only a matter of where.

Moving quickly, she unclipped her shoulder straps, and took of the bibs, roughly folding them and passing them to her mother to go with the jeans she wanted. Sonia sat on the bench, placing the folded garment at her side.

"Come here sweetie. If you're going to have an accident, I better double check those safety pins."

Amy agreed that that was a good idea, so she stepped across, and dropped her bloomers to her knees, and hoisted her blouse up to her navel, letting Sonia run an experts appraising eye over her diaper.

It was at that exact moment, that the curtain got pulled slightly back, and the young salesgirl stuck her head through, her jaw dropping at the sight of the teenager, standing in her socked feet, her little shorts around her knees, shirt held up high enough to see her belly button, as well as the jagged scar across her tummy, while her mother pinned her diaper onto her.

Amy screamed.

"OH! I'm sorry! Really! I thought it was empty!" The girl blushed, and yanked the curtain shut, and started stammering away to somebody out of sight. "S-sorry. Th-there's uh, someone in that one. Let's, uh, try this one, o-over here. S-sorry again," she called out loudly, as Amy jumped back, bending forward so quickly that in her haste to pull her blouse down, she almost tripped over her pulled down shorts.

"GET OUT!" Sonia shouted, as the sales girl whimpered another apology.

She jumped to her feet, hugging her little girl in close, and could feel her trembling in her arms. "Shh. Come on Amy, don't have a meltdown on me here, okay? Chillax fam....."

Amy let a sobbing breath escape, but managed a watery smile, "Told you not to say that, mummy," and she let herself relax in her mothers embrace for a second, before sniffing in a huge, snotty sounding nasal inhalation, and straightening up, finally managing to pull her bloomers back up, nearly, but not quite covering her baby pants.

"I am so going to complain," Sonia started, passing Amy a tissue that she'd scavenged from her purse, and the girl blew her nose loudly into it before speaking.

"No mum, please don't. Let's just go, ok? Screw the pants. We were in here a long time, it's no wonder they thought it was empty. Please don't make a scene, just let me get out of here? Please?"

Sonia eyed her daughter, feeling extremely deep empathy for her. She couldn't begin to imagine just how humiliated Amy must be feeling right now. She wanted to somehow make it better for her little girl.

"You go, Ames. It was only that one girl who saw you, so just go. Walk straight out. I'm going to pay for these clothes, you looked too damn pretty in them for me not to buy them! And don't worry, I won't make a scene."

"Promise?"

"Pinky promise?" Sonia replied, and they latched their pinky fingers tightly together, in a tradition that they'd done ever since Amy was a toddler.

Amy put her skirt and shoes back on, grinned nervously at her mother, then quickly pulled the curtain back, bowed her head, and scurried from the store without making eye contact with anyone, her embarrassment only growing as she brushed a tear from her cheek on the way out. Sonia's heart fell. It just wasn't fair for a kid to go through shit like this. It's bad enough Amy being incontinent, without dealing with public humiliation as well. Sonia hoped that she would be able to keep her promise about not making a scene as she almost marched towards the checkout.

As it worked out, the girl responsible for barging in on them saw Sonia coming, and suddenly realised that it was her break time, and she vanished like a puff of smoke into the storeroom. Sonia kept her promise, not saying a word about the incident to the senior lady who served her. After all, what would it accomplish? What was seen couldn't be unseen, and besides, judging by the way that Amy was bobbing up and down as she waited uncomfortably in the mall, Sonia wanted to get her away quickly.

"How bad is it?" Sonia asked Amy, as they started walking.

"Not too bad yet. Thanks for not making a big scene, mum."

"Meh," Sonia replied, feeling a bit disappointed with herself that she hadn't made a scene. "What do you want to do? Go to the toilet first, then go back to the car for your bag, or get your bag first?"

Amy grabbed her mothers arm, halting her progress, looking around anxiously to make sure they were alone, or at least as alone as you can be in a busy mall.

"Can I just do a pre-emptive strike instead please mummy?" Her pale blue but red-rimmed eyes looked almost pleadingly at Sonia.

Sonia huffed. "Why, Ames? It's not necessary. The girls room is just up there."

Amy looked dejected. "Yeah. I know. S'pose I just don't kinda feel like dealing with it now I guess. After that bitch stuck..."

"Amy...." Sonia warned.

"Sorry mum. That girl stuck her head in, I kinda just wanna forget about it now. I mean, I've gone all day dry, no, I know my bed was wet, but since then I mean. I haven't hadda accident like all day, and stuff like this still happens. Don't know why I even bother trying anymore," and she sniffed loudly again.

"But why not go to the toilet?" Sonia persisted, "it's just up there."

"Cause then I won't get my pants back on again properly, and I'll haveta go alllll the way back to the car, get my bag, walk allll the way back in, go back to the bathroom, put a new one on, really mum, I can't be bothered. Just let me pre-empt it, while I can control it.

"All right Amy. It's up to you. You're the one who has to sit in it on the way home. But not here. Let's get into the shop where it's less obvious."

"Thanks mummy," Amy said, sounding relieved, and she kissed Sonia's cheek.

It probably sounded like a strange request, but Sonia understood her daughter better than most. Amy had again been humiliated because of her diapers. It had happened before, and would no doubt happen again. Any pride she might've had with staying dry all day, had been completely dashed by the careless salesgirl. Amy was thinking along the lines of "keeping it dry doesn't count anymore, might as well just use it." Then there was the control factor. Amy always got a feeling of taking control of her own body again when she could be the one to choose when to use her nappy.

Yes, she could also choose to use the toilet, but it was the nappy that was causing her grief at the moment, and choosing to use it probably just felt right to her. There was also a fair bit of regulation teenage laziness involved as well, with another trip to the car needed if she took her diaper off, and that was not only effort, but time. All Amy wanted to do now was go home. Shopping had lost its attractiveness to her, and if peeing in her diaper was going to get her out of there 20 minutes sooner, then she'd rather do that.

It also didn't hurt that she actually liked the feeling of a wet diaper when she got stressed sometimes, which was a little fact that had surprised Sonia when she'd first heard it. Still, she could understand it in a way. It must make her feel more normal sometimes. Not normal by others standards of course, but normal for her. If it was going to make Amy feel better, then it couldn't do any harm. After all, it was only going to be just one more wet diaper in the grand scheme of things.

Grabbing a trolley, mother and daughter started their rounds, with Sonia keeping a close eye on her daughter, trying to pick the moment when she would decide to start wetting herself. Sonia knew from experience that her daughter was quite adept at peeing while she walked, but also would stand still and let go, depending on how much control she felt she had. It was a strange feeling walking around waiting for your child to finish wetting her pants, but something she had gotten used to over the years.

She just hadn't expected it to still be happening when Amy was fourteen.

Amy appeared a bit sullen, and was apparently still sulking a bit. To the casual observer however, that would be all they'd notice. Her ever increasing need to urinate was virtually undetectable to anyone who couldn't read the tell tale signs like Sonia could. The way Amy occasionally tugged at her skirt, or how she sometimes rubbed her thighs together, or bounced on her toes almost impatiently whenever they stopped in the aisle, these were the clues that Sonia could easily read.

As they walked through the toy aisle, heading for the dairy section, something caught the young girls eye, and she paused, before uttering a small shriek of pure delight, grabbing a toy off the shelf and almost running towards Sonia.

"Mum! MUM! Wait! Check this out!"

Sonia paused, turning to see what the fuss was about, and was confused by Amy's sudden change of mood. She was grinning broadly as she ran up, waving a plush toy in the air. "Mum! You gotta see this....."

Taking the offered plushy, which was about a foot tall, Sonia was bemused as to what the fuss was about. Although the toy looked vaguely familiar, she certainly didn't recognise it at all. It was a young boy, perhaps about ten, although it's hard to tell with plushies, and he was dressed in little camouflage shorts and shirt. He had a serious expression on his pudgy face, that was framed by a mop of shaggy brown hair. She turned it over in her hand, trying to find some identifying mark or symbol on it. It did look like somebody....

"It's Danny!" Amy squeaked with delight. "Can't you see? It looks just like a little version of him!"

Sonia chuckled, suddenly seeing the resemblance clearly for the first time.

"Oh yeah? I suppose it kinda does look a bit like him, I guess."

"It's exactly like him!" Amy insisted. "I'm going to buy him," she announced proudly.

"Aren't you getting a bit big for soft toys?" Sonia suggested mildly.

"He's not a toy. It's a little Danny, and that's different," she argued. "I'm gonna buy him!"

"How much?"

Amy checked the price tag. "Fifteen dollars, that's all. Not much."

"Fifteen bucks? That's like nearly a weeks pocket money, young lady."

Amy was stubborn. "Don't care. I'm gonna buy him."

She stuffed the toy under her arm, and followed her mother down the aisle.

"Mummy?"

"Yes honey?"

"Can I borrow fifteen bucks?"

She only just managed to avoid Sonia's swiping hand, as it lunged at her bottom, and they both laughed.

"Fine! I'll buy it for you! But it's coming out of next weeks allowance, deal?"

"Deal!" Amy replied happily, but they both knew that she would still get her full allowance next week as usual.

To Sonia, seeing her little girl start laughing and smiling again was worth it. She might spoil her a bit sometimes, but they only had each other, and it wasn't like she couldn't afford to treat her daughter occasionally.

A few minutes later, Sonia paused at the end of an aisle and looked back. Amy was standing very still, studying the array of spices with apparent interest, oblivious to the world around her.

As Sonia watched, Amy lifted her new toy up to her chest and hugged it, and her feet pivoted ever so slightly, moving her legs a bit further apart. She squinted her eyes a bit, when her free hand, the one not holding the Danny-doll, suddenly lifted up, and she placed her left thumb in her mouth, and started gnawing anxiously at her thumbnail.

Sonia glanced around nervously. Amy had timed it well, and they were currently alone in the aisle.

She only hoped it would stay that way until her child had finished wetting herself.

Oh God. She looked so young and defenceless, standing there in her school uniform, her shirt becoming untucked, one sock hanging down, chewing on her thumb and cuddling her toy while she went potty in her special pants.

When Amy finished, she gingerly squeezed her thighs together, then looked down at the floor for drops, and looked up smiling when she didn't discover any. She looked a lot more happy and relieved, a big smile on her young face as she walked towards her mother, waddling a bit on the first couple of steps.

"I think my bloomers have gotta bit wet," she admitted without emotion, as if she was commenting on the weather

Even though she was fourteen, Sonia thought that she was still a cutie, and was kind of relieved that she was, in effect, sometimes very much still a little girl.

*889*2017-09-08 01:51

You guys can probably tell, but I was in a "cute" sort of mood for this chapter. Hope you liked it.

*890*2017-09-10 14:12

Chapter 40:

WARNING: MESSING CONTENT.

Nikki decided on her plan of attack. She still had at least an hour before her brother was due home, so she didn't need to rush, at least not too much. If she could get home and into the shower within the next 35-40 minutes, she could still take her dirty diaper down to the trash, and be sitting at the table doing her homework when he walked in.

She could easily make herself pee again, that wouldn't be hard at all. Although she had lost at least three quarters of her bladders contents into her nappy, there was still some left, and now she was standing again, the warm heaviness of the diaper around her private bits and between her legs only accentuated her ability to just let go. Her holding muscles were exhausted anyway, so she would more than likely be having another accident eventually if she didn't finish emptying herself on purpose.

The problem, if you could call it that, is she didn't particularly need to do a poo yet. She normally went every day within an hour or so of getting home, so she was sure that she could manage to do it, although she may have to force it a bit.

First things first. She was looking forward to being able to wet herself as she walked through the park. Even though she often did this in her panties, she always made sure to either walk away from everyone and stick to the grass, or use a particular bench that was set down near the barbecue area, but away from the main path. Today, she would tinkle in her special pants while she walked past the mothers watching their progeny play in the playground, and the couples picnicking on the lawns. The boys and girls at the skate ramp wouldn't stop her, nor would the joggers on the paths. Today, she would pee with freedom, and if her didee leaked, then fuck it!

First, she stood off to the side, and waited until she was alone, then she quickly slid both hands under her short school dress, grabbed hold of both sides of her sagging nappy, and gave it a sharp tug up, exposing it for a second to anyone who may have brought watching her. It didn't really budge much, but the hot, wet, swollen crotch squashed itself tightly against her rude bits, and it made her feel kinda squirmy inside.

Nikki started walking slowly, making a pretence of studying her phone, as if it was showing her something to concentrate on. As she headed towards the playground, she consciously relaxed her bladder, and even pushed a bit, relishing the fresh, instant warmth that pooled briefly underneath her sex before being absorbed. Instinct made her stop pushing, and she almost had to concentrate to start the flow again. It takes a bit of practice to comfortably pee while you walk, but Nikki had practiced a lot, and she was soon able to produce a slow but steady trickle that occasionally tickled her upper thighs as she attempted to walk without hobbling, almost succeeding perfectly.

As she peed, her body relaxed even more, and she was soon losing control once more. Her tired, overwhelmed holding muscles apparently giving in, and although her quantity of pent up urine wasn't enough to normally put too much of a strain on her body, because she'd forced it a bit, once the flow started, it couldn't be contained. As she approached the playground, she realised that she was starting to duck-walk a bit, automatically spreading her thighs as she walked, letting her wee splatter almost silently into the front of her swelling nappy, and she had to make an effort to close her legs a bit, which forced a trickle from her padding down her left leg, being safely captured by her white ankle sock before it could drip onto the cement path.

Nikki didn't look down or alter her stride too much, but did allow herself a brief tightening of her legs while she walked, momentarily brushing both her thighs and calves together, wiping the errant pee track into oblivion, hopefully making it invisible. She hit the point of total loss of control just as she reached the playground, and she shivered as her bladder let go entirely, simultaneously flooding and overwhelming her diaper, and feeling fresh trickles on both her legs.

Nikki forced herself to stop, overriding her natural inclination to run away and stand on the grass, as a few drops started falling from beneath her dress, and more dripped from her bony knees, splattering onto the cement between her shoes, while her socks darkened on the inside of her legs. All of the mothers watching their children were seated on benches on the other side of the playground, and only a couple gave Nikki a cursory glance, immediately recognising her as only a young schoolgirl, and therefore not a threat to them or their children.

If they had of been closer of course, they would have seen the pattering drips falling from beneath her dress, and no doubt noticed the small puddle forming between her feet, and seen her grubby white socks becoming see through around her inner ankles, but they weren't, so she got away with it.

Nikki had been forced to halt while she wet herself. Past experiences had taught her that if she tried to walk with pee running down her legs, it would end up messy, and her dress would end up with a wet patch on the front. On more than one occasion, she had walked home from the park either holding her bag awkwardly in front of her lap, or with her jumper tied around her waist to hide her wet bottom. She had stopped, enjoying the feeling of complete helplessness that wetting yourself in public always brings, then allowed herself only a quick appraisal of the wet spot on the ground before hurriedly walking off, her wet thighs grinding deliciously together, almost squeaking with wet friction as she sashayed away.

Nikkis breath was coming in short, hot spurts. Her pulse and heart rate were up, and a fine sheen of sweat covered her forehead and back. A trickle of sweat tickled her spine as it ran down, disappearing into the rear waistband of her heavy diaper. She only glanced back once at the small puddle on the path, the wet squelching she felt between her legs a stark reminder of what had caused it, and while she longed to stay with it, perhaps drag her shoe through it and spread it around a bit, she knew that being caught near it would only be alerting whoever saw it to the fact that she had gone potty in her pants like a little kid.

Moving off the path without looking back, Nikki crossed the grass, heading towards a clump of trees and bushes near the side fence. She often went behind there to smoke, and she figured that if she could smoke there, then she should be able to poop in her diaper there just as easily. Besides, she had one smoke left in her bag, so this was the opportune time to smoke it.

Pausing briefly, and looking back over her shoulder to make sure she wasn't being watched or followed, Nikki stepped around a half fallen tree, and disappeared into the masking confines of the shrubbery, smiling to herself as another drip fell onto the back of her calf as she jumped over a branch. There was just something so naughty and spiritually freeing about doing tinkles in your pants in public!

Squatting down on her haunches, Nikki rummaged through her bag, taking her last cigarette from her pencil case. She had been planning on saving it until later, but, with her last didee now ruined, she figured that she may as well go out with a bang and smoke it as well.

Still hunched over, squatting down out of sight, she held her lighter to the tip, and inhaled the smoke deeply, with the practice of a seasoned smoker, exhaling through her nostrils like a dragon. Making sure that no one could see her, she slid her dress up higher. It was already stretched across her thighs, but she slid it up even higher, exposing her soggy diaper at the front. She took another drag, then lowered her head, looking directly up her dress at the swollen, discoloured nappy she wore underneath.

Holding her cigarette in her left hand, she lowered her right hand between her legs, and watched in awe as she squashed it, simultaneously pushing it firmly against her sex, and squeezing it so tightly that a fresh stream of yellow looking pee ran from her leg guards, making a tiny muddy patch on the soft brown earth between her shoes. She quickly slipped her probing index finger past the leg elastic, and rubbed it across her pee covered slit, feeling a different texture to the moisture that coated her sex.

She bore down on her bowel muscles, groaning silently with intent, as she pushed hard, and was rewarded with a sense of something shifting inside her, and a tiny fart squeaked out, making her giggle. Pushing again, and another jet of pee shot out, and Nikki felt her anus trembling a bit, as something large seemed to position itself inside her.

Nikki took another drag on her cigarette with a shaking hand, and pushed again, watching as a fresh drip of yellow water appeared dangling from her leg guard, and she wiped it with her finger, bringing it up to her nose so as to inhale the acrid, sour smell of long pent up pee.

Urgh. Almost. It was almost crowning now, but it wouldn't break free. Her cigarette was almost finished, and the backs of her thighs and calves were starting to cry out in protest, so she stumbled forward a bit, and fell to her knees, her feet splayed out behind her in a wide V.

Leaning forward, her knees and palms in the soft dirt, she strained again, and although she could feel it about to emerge, it stubbornly refused to budge. She stubbed out her cigarette, and staggered to her feet, sweating and shaking. Her tummy and bottom were hurting a bit, one from the strain, the other from its close-but-still-undelivered cargo.

Nikki didn't like staying in the bushes for too long. If someone had seen her going in, they might eventually come and check on her, and she had no real valid reason to be playing there. If anyone did barge in, the wet dirt and cigarette butt would be incriminating evidence, so she decided to abandon her private playground.

Stepping back into the park proper, she winced uncomfortably, her tummy rumbling in protest. It seemed like now she had started pushing, her body had finally agreed on coming to the party at last, and was now ready to expel some waste. Nikki made a beeline for a wooden bench that had no backrest on it, and was situated off the path, under the shade of a huge gum tree.

Nikki sat on the bench, trying to look casual. She pulled her phone out, and pretended to be deep in thought while apparently reading and texting, but she leaned forward, and scooted her bottom backwards until it hung over the back of the bench. She had made sure that she was not sitting on her dress, and it hung down behind her, while the painted wood was cold on the backs of her thighs.

Now she was sitting as she normally would do on the toilet, she felt her intestines lurch a bit, and her poop, which had been teased and promised with release but so far had that release withheld, surged forward with a fresh determination, and started to slide out.

Nikki had kind of been hoping her yuck might be a bit softer, just maybe exploding out in a quick rush, but it appeared that it was going to come out in a more solid log form, and there was nothing at all she could do about it now except push.

So she did.

Nikki held her breath, gritted her teeth, and pushed, as a bead of sweat ran down her cheek, and her knees started jiggling with the strain. She looked up from her phone to examine her immediate surroundings, praying that nobody would be approaching her, and was relieved to find that was the case.

Hnnnnn! She pushed again, and something that felt large, slimy, and snake-like suddenly emerged from her bottom, and continued growing in size, hitting the already wet padding in the back of her nappy, and forcing its way down and around, seemingly growing to an unbelievable size before she felt something snap, then a very wet and messy feeling fart erupted from her, splattering the back of her diaper with an unimaginable mess.

Nikki realised that she was shaking, and a fine film of sweat was covering her entire body. Her legs felt week, and her hands were trembling. She was breathing as if she'd just been chased for a mile, and her ears were buzzing, as if she could hear her own pulse coursing through her veins.

Looking around, she took in her surroundings. The mothers at the park were gossiping amongst themselves while the little kids played noisily in the playground, while the big kids thrashed their bikes, boards and scooters at the skate ramp. Some people were exercising their dogs, a couple were having a picnic, and across the other side a yoga class was in full swing. The late afternoon autumn sun was still warm, and the slightest of breezes whispered through the tree above, stirring up the faintest of foul odours with it.

"Oh. My. God. I've just shit my pants!" Nikki told herself, shocked. "Not just a little, but a lot. In the fucking park as well! What the absolute fuck was I thinking?"

Her bottom felt very itchy, and she yearned to scratch it, but couldn't. It seemed surreal to be sitting there in a filthy nappy, watching others going about their day without a care in the world.

Naughty, but very exciting.

Her guts suddenly clenched again, and before she knew it was going to happen, she broke wind again, and more yuck spewed out, but this time, she knew it was finally over.

Nikki gathered her bag, then held her dress up at the back, and slid her diapered rear end across the seat, feeling the mess inside get squashed everywhere, including up between her legs and over her vagina. She stood up, and her entire diaper sagged low on her hips, and her legs, bottom and girl parts all felt itchy and slimy as she walked away, hoping that her nappy would contain it all, amazed at how it felt like it was completely coating her around the waist. As she started the short walk back to her apartment block, Nikki was uncomfortably aware of the fact that she could smell herself, which meant others could as well.

Walking in through the gate, her blood froze when she heard her name being called out.

"Hey Nik, wait up!"

Turning slowly, and with dread, she saw her brother Troy jogging towards her.

"Hey bro, what's up?" Nikki said, trying her best to sound casual.

"Got outta class early," he explained with a grin. "Suits me, I'm going to see Cassie later. Hey, aren't you a bit late?"

"I, uh, stopped in the park," she stammered.

A serious look crossed Troy's eyes. "You haven't been smoking again, have you Nikki? I told you last time, I'm gonna tell mum on you if I catch you again!"

"Don't be a friggin' dickhead Troy!" Nikki snapped angrily. "Toldya last time I wasn't gonna do that anymore!"

Troy grabbed her by her skinny forearm, and dragged her a step closer, lowering his face to her shoulder, and inhaling deeply.

Snifffffff...."Why do you smell like...." sniff, "Jesus Nikki! You smell like shit! Are you alright? Have you shit your pants?"

The bottom fell out of Nikkis stomach. If she hadn't already peed, she would've wet herself with fright. The game was up, all over. She felt her face glowing crimson red, and tears sprang unhindered from her big grey eyes. She was so panicked, that she even forgot at first that she was wearing a nappy, which was lucky. She was on the verge of a confess-everything personal meltdown, and was about to admit to everything. It was just luck that she worded things the way she did, and Troy's concern kicked in early enough that he didn't ask many questions.

Nikki nodded her head, at first afraid to speak. Her bottom lip was trembling, tears flowed freely down her face, and a small bubble of snot blossomed beneath her nose. Her hands and knees were filthy, and her clothes which she'd worn for two days straight were covered in spots and stains. She smelt like poop, and looked about nine years old right then.

"I did Troy. I pooed myself in the park....."

Troy loosened his grip on her arm, and gently turned her towards the stairs to their apartment. "Oh Nik-monster. What happened? Are you sick or something?"

Click. It was as simple as that. As soon as Nikki heard her brother switching from suspicion to concern, she knew she was safe. It was only then that she remembered that she was wearing a diaper! Until then, her whole world had revolved around Troy discovering that she'd messed herself, and she had just automatically assumed that he must've somehow known that she'd done it in her diaper on purpose! But no, not only didn't he know about the diaper, (duh) he assumed it was an accident! He appeared to have already forgotten the smell of smoke on her dress, and if she was careful, she could get away with everything....

"Don't think so. I just knelt down to get my phone out of my bag, and I kinda popped off, but I pooed at the same time. It's horrible Troy."

He rubbed her back gently, in a consoling gesture as they approached the stairs, giving her an encouraging smile.

"You did the old shart, did you?"

Although she knew, Nikki wanted to keep him talking, so that she wouldn't have too.

"A shart? What's that?"

Troy laughed softly, trying to cheer her up. "It's when you shit and fart at the same time. Happens to everyone at least once!"

"Has it happened to you?" Nikki asked shyly, hoping to get him talking about himself and not her. For obvious reasons, she paused at the base of the stairs, letting Troy walk in front.

"Happened to me once" he said as he walked up, but she wasn't really listening by then. She was just so relieved that he thought it was just an accident.

"I'm going to have to tell mum, you know?"

"What? Why?" Nikki was bewildered by his sudden statement.

"You might be sick, Nik. Hey! That rhymes! But you might have a stomach bug or something. The old girl will want to take you to the docs." He unlocked the door and led his smelly little sister inside.

"Don't say nothing Troy. It's embarrassing enough that you know. I don't feel sick at all, and I haven't even had the runs or nothing till now, so don't say nothin'"

Troy looked slyly at his sister. "Maybe I won't. If you do something for me first?"

Instantly suspicious, and anxious to shower, Nikki fidgeted around, her bottom and vagina itchy, and poo being constantly smeared across her bottom and legs, making the smell constantly worse.

"What do you want, Troy?"

He lunged towards her, slapping her upper arm hard enough to make her squeal with surprise and mild pain. He'd pulled his swing, but it still stung.

"I want you to stop smoking Nikki! I mean it. Even under the shit smell I can smell it. I toldya before what I'd do if I ever catch you again, and I will, but I'll tell mum first, and my punishment will be mild compared to hers!"

Fresh tears sprang to her eyes, and she glared at him, rubbing her arm furiously, but she couldn't say much. He knew she'd been smoking, but couldn't prove it. He knew she'd had a major potty accident, but thought that's all it was, and he was unaware of the diaper she was wearing. All things considered, a slap on the arm from her concerned big brother was a pretty light penalty.

"Yes Troy," she mumbled.

He grinned, then leaned in and kissed her lightly on the forehead. "Good girl. Listen, I won't tell mum, especially if you promise not to smoke, ok?"

She nodded.

"Now I'm going to lock myself in my room while you do whatever you need to clean up. You're going to need a shower Nik. Take a plastic bag to throw your underpants in, then throw the bag out. If you've got anything on your dress, you'll either have to tell mum, or clean it yourself, dig?"

She nodded again, and waited for him to close his door before she could start.

The clean up was unpleasant to say the least. Because her diaper was so full, she had to empty it out into the toilet first, spilling some on the floor, getting it all over her hands, and all over the toilet seat. After dry wiping as best she could, she flushed the toilet, then opened the door and yelled "TROY! Don't you dare come out of your room, or I'll friggin' kill ya!"

Leaving her dress crumpled up on the toilet floor, miraculously free of poop stains as it was, but wouldn't be if she picked it up, she ran from the toilet to the bathroom wearing just her socks and a singlet, carrying a dirty nappy in a tied up plastic bag, with obvious stains still coating her legs, bare bottom, and exposed private bits. She tried to hold the diaper bag in front of her as she ran. She was able to pull her socks off by standing on them, and she had to wash her hands to get her singlet off unscathed

Stepping gratefully under the shower, she even dry heaved a couple of times, the drying poop on her legs disgusting her.

But as she washed herself, her feelings changed to excitement, and she soaped herself up very well, and quite vigorously as she remembered what it was like to poo herself in the park.

*895*2017-09-11 12:02

Thanks for the support guys and girls.

Although I personally enjoy occasional messing, I find it a lot harder to write about. It's a fine line to tread between giving the established poopers something good, without grossing out those who aren't into it at all.

Anyway, it's done. It probably won't be the last messy chapter either, so be warned. I did say earlier that it wouldn't be a huge part of the story, and it won't, although I feel like I've got to go there occasionally. It's like the poop part is somehow important, at least to Amy and Nikki, so I have to explore it at times.

But to be honest, if you're uncomfortable reading about it, then take some solace in the fact that I find it extremely difficult to write about!

*899*2017-09-12 15:17

{{5 hours ago, alexwbj said:

You established at the beginning that Nikki has a messing side so it is only right that she should give vent to that side once in a while. Personally I am really turned on by that and so I am really grateful to you for letting Nikki shit her pants now and then. I would also like to see a little more of her wetting herself on purpose just for fun and wearing the same stained panties for several days, since that was established as her big thing from the start and it is also very hot. Please show a bit more of Nikki's dirty knickers!! And while I'm asking, I love it when Amy does premptive strikes and would enjoy a few more of those too. Lastly, the Nikki-Amy duo chapters are very nice and I could certainly handle some more of that stuff. Oh yes, and if there was ever a chance of a Nikki-Amy-Dan threesome including some threeway softcore sex.......

}}

Lol. Love the enthusiasm mate! I'll try my best, okay?

Gotta get back to my main man though! I've left Catholic Boy by himself for far too long, and even I'm wondering what he's up too!

&&

