Hold it! Lady

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-08-06 10:59

Gina is 25 now bounce back and forth in her car because of the drinks she had been drinking since morning and today was a hotter day than any other day, so she drank more water than every other day and she didn't have time to go to the bathroom the whole time she worked, causing her to be in this condition slow traffic and Gina's growing demands make Gina feel hopeless, but she doesn't want to pee at her car, so she has to hold it anyway.

The red light of the traffic light slowly counted down for 1 second ........ 2 seconds with the dark spot of Gina's jeans that grew slightly more, she had already leaked. So she tensed her whole body so as not to break the dam inside her for a moment, Gina got a horn from the car behind her to remind Gina to move her car. Gina was furious and immediately stepped on the accelerator, but she leaked a bit more, the dark spots where her jeans began to expand again.

Finally, Gina reached her apartment.She hurried off the engine, took off her seat belt, and went to her apartment, but the problem was that her room was on the 30th floor and the elevator is now under renovation. Her only choice now is to take the stairs to the 30th floor.

Gina walked up step by step and passed the 1st floor ...... 2nd floor…... Until she was on the 15th floor, the dark spot where her jeans were enlarged again, so she again calmed the leak, and she continued to walk up to the stairs

Floor 20 ... Floor 21 ..... She slowly walked slowly as soon as it was added one by one, and now there are still 5 floors to the room where she is and the dark spot where Her jeans were enlarged again, now the size of the dark spot is like a golf ball now, but she continues her way up the stairs.

And finally, Gina was able to reach the 30th floor, but the dark spot where her jeans had expanded, now the size of her palm, she slowly walked to the front of her room, and now her hand had to leave. Her pussy and quickly searched for her room key, but she still couldn't find her room key. She danced to the dark spot of her jeans, slowly expanding again, and the rain began to fall. Gina struggled and still couldn't find the room key. Until finally, Gina was unable to resist the ocean waves in her bladder. The water flowed out of her cunt, and Gina suddenly realized that she couldn't stand more, so she squatting and sacrificing her jeans and pee, pushing her bag away so that she doesn't get wet.

The puddle beneath her feet widened almost to the side of the room, and Gina finally released it all and got up and searched for her room key and easily found it. She unlocked the room keys and locked the door and took off her jeans and panties and put it in the laundry basket and went to the shower.This experience of Gina will never be forgotten even if no one sees it.

*001*2020-08-07 16:25

Lisana, 14 year old, now she squeezing her thighs in class because of the iced tea she drank at lunch.She doesn't like to use the bathroom at school because it's dirty or whatever, but she's holding it back. And always pee at home, but this time it seemed to be a very torturous urination for her because of the class that she is now studying fluids and the teacher who teaches this period is someone who rarely lets anyone go to the bathroom even though that person is about to pee.The school hours were only fifteen minutes long, so Lisana would have to hold her pee for a long time until the end of the class.

Teachers continue to teach about liquids. Lizana, unable to focus on what the teacher taught, sits across the mall and uses her hand to block her cunt so that the ocean waves in her bladder won't spill out, but still some. Slipped from her cunt until Lisa's pink underwear appeared a little darker. After fifteen minutes, the coldness of the air conditioner increased Lisana's bladder, causing Lisa to leak again. The dark spots on Lisana's underwear grew but this class was not over.Lisana still had to hold the pee, but she couldn't get her hands off her cunt, or the waves in her bladder would erupt, and Lisa's efforts passed. Will be wasted

Lisana's class continued, and now, five minutes later, Lisana had to use both of her hands to plug her pussy in order to prevent the dam in her body from breaking, but there were some waves at it. Slipped out of her pussy Lisana's underwear was unable to support the liquid she had slipped out now, until the liquid came out a little onto the chair where she was sitting.

One minute passed ........ Two minutes, the ocean waves almost always spilled out of Lisana's pussy. The puddle between her legs gradually widened until the class was over, the teacher was closing the class, and Lisana's class leader told the class to get up and say goodbye to their teachers Lisana rose cautiously not to humiliate herself, but when she got up, the ocean waves in her bladder flooded inside of her that she couldn't resist the giant ocean waves, and she finally started to relax herself, and a warm liquid poured out from her pink panties.

People in the room were all shocked that Lisana was pissing herself. The warm liquid gushed out of Lisana's pussy incessantly, and one minute, twenty-eight seconds passed ... twenty-nine, and finally the ocean was completely out of Lisana's pussy.

Lisana squatting and covering her face with her hands, if possible, she wanted to duck into the situation, and her friends came in and took Lisana to the school's hospital room to change into a gym clothes. Lisa took her underwear to watch the damage done.The back of the underwear was noticeably wet, and the nurse's teacher took her school uniform, folded it and put it in a plastic bag and gave it to Lisana from then, Lissana returned home before it's time to finish school.

End

*002*2020-08-12 07:20

Mary, 30, woke up early in the morning and looked at the clock.Merry was shocked as soon as she saw the time at seven, she quickly got out of bed and took a shower and woke her daughter to get dressed for school. Mary did not have time to cook for her daughter. Mary gave her children extra money to buy breakfast herself and her daughter rode a motorcycle to school

Mary was relieved that she almost missed her daughter to the school. She went to the house and did her chores because she woke up late, causing her to rush into the housework when she needed it, so Mary drank coffee and started doing housework immediately.Mary started her chores by sweeping the house. Her house was not very wide so it took no time to sweep the house, and the next time she had to wash her clothes. Mary put her laundry in the washing machine, lathered and filled with water, and at that moment, Mary's bladder slightly alerted her that she needed to use the bathroom.

Mary was aware, but she couldn't take the time to go to the bathroom because things might not be on time, trying to keep her bladder calm and prepare to continue rubbing her house. Mary filled the bucket with water, and the sound of the water made her think that her bladder was stimulating more and more.Mary was a little nervous, but was able to get through it without her dark spots on her jeans.Mary was able to mop the house halfway, she rubbed the floor with a cloth, the dirt came out of the cloth full of water, so she had to change the water again.Now that her bladder began to warn her more fiercely, she squeezed her thighs and walked to the tap.Merry poured the dirty water into the bucket and replenished the water. She felt the moisture of her striped panties. She leaked, Mary touched her crotch with her hand it was dry, but she could sense the moisture in her crotch.

Mary closed the tap and hurriedly lifted the water bucket and continued to mop the house.As Mary raised the bucket, part of the water splashed out and hit her shirt. The cold from the water hitting her shirt intensified her bladder. Mary felt a fierce urge to urge her bladder, quickly filling her pussy with one of her hands so that she would not pee.The situation calmed down, Mary took her hands off her cunt and continued mopping the floor.Merry squeezed her thighs and mopped the floor as well, and she finally finished mopping and she went to hang the clothes. She stood in the washing machine for a few more minutes, the washing machine finished, Mary squeezed her thighs and waited for the washing machine to finish.

And her gaze directed towards the bathroom door, Mary began to be unable to resist the urination wave in her, and then she walked to the bathroom door, but then her house bell rang. Mary had to leave the bathroom and go to the door of the house.She opened the door, and behind the door were two female plumbers coming in and telling Mary that “ your husband called and told us that your toilets were clogged, so we will. Come to practice ”

Mary's husband went to work before she woke up today, it was not unusual for her to not know that her home toilets were clogged. Mary had to keep holding the wave and go to the washing machine. Now her washing machine has stopped, she hurriedly picked up the laundry, put it in the basket and went to the balcony of the house.

Mary madly pee dancing and dried her clothes.Her jeans had darkened, but Mary had not finished drying her clothes, so she continued to struggle. The dark spot where Mary's jeans widened slightly, with the same less fabric she would dry, and Marie finally finished drying her clothes, now that the dark spot on her jeans grew to the size of a ping-pong ball, but her bathroom hadn't finished practicing, she decided to go to the park toilets.

Mary put her hand on her pussy, squeezed her thighs, and walked out of the house to the park as quickly as possible. The dark spot on her jeans widened as Mary walked, and she finally reached the park. Mary rushed to the bathroom, where she went to the bathroom, but Mary was shocked because the toilet she wanted was in front of her three other women waiting to use it. Mary lined up, she pee mad again, the dark spots on her jeans grew even more, with the women going to the bathroom one by one. After a while, Mary was now in the front of the row, her hands unable to get her hands off her pussy.Merry shook her ass back and forth and waited until the woman in the bathroom came out.

Finally, someone came out of the bathroom, and Mary rushed to the bathroom, but then she couldn't resist the urinal wave in her, and she loosened herself and a golden fluid came out of her cunt. Her jeans were noticeably darkened, and the pee gathered beneath her feet.Her pee had been out for a very long time, almost two minutes, and Mary's golden liquid had run out of her body.She walked out of the bathroom and hurried to the house as soon as possible.Mary arrived at her house and a plumber was walking out of the house. They finished repairing and one of the two plumbers came to Mary and summed up the expenses she would have to pay. The plumber looked at Mary's wet jeans, blushed a little and walked back. Another plumber Mary walked him to the house and quickly took off her jeans and panties and put it in the washing machine so that her daughter was not seen, and quickly put on the new pants.

Mary decides to go into the toilet flush, while Mary is emptying the bathroom, a loud knock on the bathroom door, Mary opens the bathroom door, sees her daughter violently crossing her legs and runs into the bathroom, but alas, Mary's daughter slipped, the sponge that Mary was washing the bathroom on, her daughter's butt slammed onto the bathroom floor and turned, facing Mary. Mary was about to walk to her daughter, suddenly a golden liquid came out of her daughter's pussy. Her daughter was unable to resist the matter in her body.The golden liquid had come out for long, but not as long as Mary's liquid, and then, Mary's daughter released it all. Mary then helped her daughter get up and take off her white panties and let her go to wash. After a while, she finished washing. She got dressed and went down to Mary. She saw Mary's wet jeans, she realized that Mary was also pissing herself, and she went to Mary and waited until her father came home.

End

