Daniel and Amy - Page 37

Author: Barry

*901*2017-09-14 15:41

I've missed Danny!

Chapter 41:

After lunch, the teachers organised games of dodgeball, which was no mean feat considering the amount of kids that they had to control. It was very raucous, with a lot of yelling and screaming involved, and eventually Scott was the winner of Dans group. The four boys were ignoring the benches, instead choosing to lounge around on the ground afterwards, taking a well earned break, and getting dirty in the process, as boys tend to do quite easily. As they lay back on the grass, Aiden sidled up to them nervously, smiling weakly at everyone, but singling Dan out as the one to talk to.

"Um, h-hi guys," he stammered, pausing to see if he would be told to piss off, as was often the case with the other kids.

"Wassup Shrimp?" Dan asked, but not unkindly, merely calling Aiden by one of his less derogatory nicknames.

"Um, ah, me and some of the others are gonna have a game of hide and seek. Do you fellas wanna play too?"

Matt scoffed. "Hide and seek? Dontcha think we're a bit old for baby stuff like that mate?"

Aiden's face fell. "Suppose, maybe. But we're not 'llowed to like leave the village or nothing, and there's no more stuff organised, so we like figured it might be fun."

He looked around at the four boys lounging in front of him, and again became instantly aware of the size difference between them and himself, and suddenly felt a bit foolish.

"Yeah. You're right guys. I'm sorry, just thought I'd ask. It's like just sumthin' to do to kill a bit of time, that's all," and he started to turn away.

Ali kicked his leg out, making firm contact with Dans leg, and leaving a dirty footprint on his sweats, eliciting a sharp "Ow!" at the same time, causing him to glare at his mate as he rubbed his leg disdainfully.

Ali was grinning excitedly though, not caring in the slightest about Danny's complaining, or his look of disgust.

"Hang on big fella," he said to Matthew. "I reckon it could be fun. We haven't done that shit for years! Whaddya say Dan? Scotty? Come on! It'll be a laugh!"

Dan was pleased that Ali had spoken up. As soon as the small boy had suggested it, the fourteen year olds first reaction was to immediately say yes, it did indeed sound like fun, but Matts reluctance was a sobering reminder that yes, perhaps they were getting too big for kid-stuff like that. At that age, boys can vary between being functional mini-adults one minute, to still being kids again the next, and if you read the situation wrong, as it appeared at first that Aiden might've, it can be a bit embarrassing around your peers. Rubbing his leg, he tried to keep any excitement from creeping into his voice.

"Could be cool," he replied cautiously. "I mean Aids is right. We're on free time now, so we gotta do something, right? I wanna keep playing outside, and it's something to do?"

Ali was grinning broadly. "Dan-the-mans right boys! What about you, Scotty, ya in?"

Scott had a big smile on his face, obviously relishing the idea somewhat. He gave Matt a gentle shove.

"I could be talked. Come on big guy, we used to play all the time when was kids! I mean fuck man! It hasn't really been years since we played at all! I think we fucked around doing it last holidays, didn't we? We ain't that much older now!"

Matt shrugged. "I'm easy. If you guys wanna..."

"What's the rules?" Dan asked.

Aidens eyes lit up. He had been hoping that Dan, whom he liked, might play, but didn't really think the others would. But they seemed like nice kids, and they had never picked on him or been mean towards him like some of the boys were, particularly Robbie. He was pretty sure that Dan wouldn't be mates with a pack of arseholes anyway. Little Aiden was desperate to make some friends in his own grade, and doing something silly like this might bond them together a bit. His high pitched voice rose in volume as he started jabbering with excitement.

"There's about ten of us! If ya get caught, you're 'it,' same as always. Ya can't hide inside anywhere, ya gotta stay outside. You can go behind the buildings, but haveta stay 'round the village. We're not gonna play the chasey one, where you gotta run for home base, so if you get caught, you're in!"

He blurted this out without pause, and had to stop to draw a breath. Dan noticed how Aiden occasionally pulled at the front of his shorts a bit, but he didn't think the smaller boy needed to pee, but was just nervous, and he was right. Dan actually looked at him properly, really noticing him in detail, and once again was amazed that they were almost the same age, and in the same class. The blonde boy was almost a foot shorter than he was, and a good sixteen inches shorter than Matt, and even more for Robbie.

Dan would be willing to bet that apart from the top of his head, the little guy wouldn't have a scrap of hair anywhere else on his body. His legs, arms, and face, were as smooth as a ten year olds, and really, Aiden could easily still pass for that. The way he was jumping around and blabbering with excitement as he unconsciously tugged at his pants at times only exaggerated that fact. Suddenly, Daniel felt very protective towards his (apparently) new friend, and didn't want to just casually dismiss him like so many of his classmates always did.

"Fuck it! I reckon it sounds like fun. If you guys wanna...."

All eyes turned to Scott. As the unspoken leader, he would have the final say, and the others would follow his decision.

"Fuck it," he blurted out with a grin, jumping effortlessly to his feet.

"Yessssss!" Aiden hissed under his breath, giving a small air-pump with his fist. Apart from wetting the bed, camp was pretty cool this year. He even had other kids to play with, for a change.

It didn't take long for the boys to forget that they were now supposed to be big kids. Soon, there were boys running everywhere, shouting and giggling while they tried to hide. They were having so much fun, that other boys soon joined in as well, and one of the biggest games of hide and seek in the camps history was underway.

Being that there was so many participants, it went for a long time, but the changeovers between being "in" were short. There was only so many places that thirty-something kids could hide within the rules, and there was a lot of sneaking around and changing spots taking place.

It goes without saying that Danny had the time of his life playing soldiers in his head as he ran and hid.

Now as exciting as a good game of hide and seek can be, unfortunately mere words fail to capture the true spirit, plus it really is quite boring to write about, but suffice to say everyone had fun.

The only thing of interest to us, is a particular incident that happened to Daniel.

It was late in the game, and he found himself hiding back in the exact same spot behind the partition outside the store, where he'd hidden from Robbie hours before.

Squatting low on his haunches behind the old freezer, Danny looked down, and saw the faint remains of his earlier pee puddle, partly hidden in the shadows, without a breeze to dry it out. He shivered as he remembered re-wetting his already soaked shorts while he listened to Matt distract the bigger kid. He certainly considered that even though Matt thought them even, Danny still felt indebted to him.

But the sight of the puddle also had another effect. It was a strong reminder that he hadn't peed since he'd managed to squeeze out a tiny bit more in the shower after he'd finished "washing himself."

Doing the math, he worked out that had been over four hours ago, and he'd drank two juice boxes at lunch, and had probably drained his water bottle twice. Straight away, he started to worry, and concentrated hard on getting a full and frank assessment of his need to pee. After all, quite a few of the "normal boys" had already disappeared into the bushes for a quick wee-wee during breaks in the game, so going now definitely wouldn't be looked upon as suspicious. He had almost made up his mind to do the same. After all, he had envied the other boys doing it earlier, and had been looking forward to having the rare opportunity of an outside piss with his friends, when he'd ended up wetting himself before taking the chance. Surprisingly enough, his need to go was only mild, so mild that he hadn't even noticed it until concentrating on it, and his bladder would definitely still be in first gear. Well, perhaps second gear now that he had become aware of it.

That settled it! Next changeover, he would disappear into the bushes and avail himself of the pleasures of a normal, outdoor wee. After all, he could sneak off to the side a bit, where nobody could see him, and he wasn't even wearing a tape-up! Yeah! He could easily pull his sweats and boxers down at the front, and his pull up, which was underneath his snap-crotch onesie, would..........

"FUCK IT!" Dan mentally screamed silently to himself. His fucking onesie! There was no way he could manage a sneaky wee whilst wearing that!

His fucking mother! She had been so insistent that he bring it, that he.......

Dan sighed. Deep down, he knew it really wasn't her fault. It was just becoming a bit of a habit lately to blame her for everything, and he realised that he was being unfair.

Besides, he missed her.

Apart from his weekend with Amy, (which certainly didn't count!) or with his Aunts or Uncles, he hadn't ever been "alone" for so long before, without a family, even Amy's family, to "look after" him. A strong wave of homesickness washed over the young teen, and just for a moment, he really, really, missed his mum.

But a slight, but sudden twinge from his bladder soon snapped him back to his current situation.

He had a mild urge to pee. Mild, but already slightly building, especially now he had stopped running around and was aware of it, and it would only get worse. He couldn't possibly pee in the bushes with any guarantee of discretion, so the only other option was to stop playing with his friends, and go back to his cabin to use the bathroom.

Pre-Emptive Strike.

The expression raced across his brain in an instant.

He was wearing a grownup nappy, and even though it was a pull up, they were bloody good. Especially since his little-kid sized bladder didn't hold as much as a grownups anyway. Plus, he had his onesie on with its thicker, slightly padded crotch, and a pair of cotton boxers and his silky black track pants on! Even if he did unexpectedly leak a bit, not only would it only be minor, but it wouldn't show up on his pants at all!

Even in the split second that these thoughts raced through his mind, he automatically thought of Amy at the same time, the trick she had shown him conjuring an image in his brain, and suddenly he was missing her just as much as he missed his mother.

Doing a pre-emptive strike was not only safe, it would mean he could stay out and keep playing with his mates, without having to take an annoying toilet break. Also, a little voice kept suggesting that he might feel a bit closer to the women in his life that he missed so much, if he did a little pee in his nappy, just like he did when he was around them.

It was barely even a coherent thought, but even as partially formed as what it was, it was enough, and acted like a trigger.

Squatting down still, and starting to feel a cramp building, Dans knees were spread wide, and that position had steadily been aiding his growing desperation. Now, as soon as he decided that he would do the pre-emptive strike, his bladder instantly let go, almost scaring him by it's basically unannounced voiding.

Almost without warning, a strong, but fortunately controllable waterfall sprang from his thankfully flaccid pecker, coating his sparse patch of pubes and running over his hairless balls, pudding slightly and briefly in the thickly padded crotch that cupped them, causing him to shiver as the warmth slowly crept up the front and back of his diaper, his squatted stance helping his hot wee get more evenly distributed around his groin and bottom, than how it usually did if he wet whilst standing upright.

He didn't pee for long, and he was able to assert enough control as to not flood himself, and the creeping, swelling padding, with its squishy heat pressed tightly against his genitals, courtesy of his form fitting snap crotch onesie, momentarily enraptured him, and he closed his eyes and exhaled softly as the weight from his bladder gradually transferred itself from his body and into his sleep pants.

Danny got caught by Sam not long after, and had his turn at being "in," counting to fifty and then running around chasing the other boys, laughing happily, but enjoying the secret sensation that his wet nappy rubbing against his boyhood as he ran was giving him.

A bit later, after the game had finished, and everyone else had headed into the mess hall to beg for some juice boxes, Danny snuck back to his room for a quick diaper change. He discovered that he had leaked a bit from his leg guards as he squatted, and his crotch strap had gotten wet, but was almost dry by then, although lightly stained. His boxers were lightly stained as well, although completely dry, and his trackies appeared to have escaped unscathed. He was more concerned with being suddenly interrupted by the unexpected return of his friends, than of having a big wee stain on his crotch flap, so he shut himself in the bathroom, removed his pants and soggy diaper, had a quick wipe with his baby wipes, then just pulled a fresh one on, and snapped his stained onesie back together again, then put his pants back on.

After washing his hands and grubby face, flinching as the soap hit the fresh scratches on both, he sat on his bunk to put his shoes back on again, glancing at his phone as he did so.

4:25pm.

He wondered what the women in his life were all doing right then?

Walking out the door, his thoughts started turning to food instead.

However, if he had have known, that at that precise moment, his mother was laying happily in the shower, a green vibrator still buzzing away near the drain beside her, while Amy was wetting her pants in a supermarket, cuddling her Danny doll and chewing on her thumb, and Nikki was admitting to her brother that she'd gone poop in her pants, he might have been thinking of other things than what's for dinner.

*906*2017-09-15 23:21

{{18 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Just looked at the stats on the fiction and fan fiction homepage: 131.771 views and 903 replies to this story. Surely this must be a record?

904 replies after I've posted this one! LOL

}}

I had a look, and this story has the most replies of all time, and is currently sixth for most views. Top of the list for views is over 252k! It's slowly catching up though.

Without being immodest, I'm a little bit proud of that!

*910*2017-09-19 14:56

Chapter 42:

After dinner, it was the fire pits and movie options again. Tonight was a Harry Potter movie, but the boys had already watched them to death over the years, so decided to hang around the fire instead. After all, fire is fun to play with.

The four friends were lounging around, toasting marshmallows, when Matt suddenly jumped up, and took after Robbie, who was walking past. The two biggest boys bumped fists, then walked away from the group to chat, before walking back to Robbie's cabin.

"What's the big-unit up too?" Ali pondered aloud, but Danny and Scott could only shrug. The mystery deepened when they came back out, clasped hands in a definite bro-shake, and Matt hurried back to their cabin, appearing to be holding something underneath his jumper.

"What're you up to Matty?" Scott asked, when their friend returned, but Matt only grinned.

"Surprise for later," was all he'd say.

They hung around the fire pits for awhile, occasionally wandering around to talk to the other kids, but tonight it seemed like the two days of activities were finally starting to put a dent in their adolescent energy levels. Everyone was having fun, but no one was really doing much. A happy, relaxed lethargy had descended over the whole camp. By 9:30, a lot of boys were already starting to make their way back to their cabins without being asked, and our heroes soon followed suit. Matt and Ali were going to shower before bed, giving Scotty and Dan more time and privacy in the bathroom the next day.

By 10:10, they had showered, and Scott had already disappeared into the bathroom as well, looking a bit more plump around his backside when he returned in his baggy grey sweat pants. Dans pull up was still dry, but he wasn't going to change into his last tape up until the last possible moment. He really preferred to sleep in the bigger nappy at camp, and if he wet himself before going to bed, he'd have to rely on a pull up instead. Ideally, he'd stay dry tonight, and be able to keep his tape up on for the bus trip home, which would be better for any potential accidents or pre-emptive strikes, but he realised that that was probably unlikely to happen. He took the opportunity to pee in the toilet though, as soon as Scott had finished.

"Game of Uno?" Ali suggested, and the boys dragged their sleeping bags and pillows onto the floor to sit on while they played.

"Still got those smokes?" Ali asked Matt as he started shuffling.

"Yeah mate," Matthew replied with a grin. "Eight left, two each. I wanna smoke 'em tonight too. Can't risk taking them home again. Knowing my mum, she'll prolly decide to like take my bag off me and empty it out herself or something."

The other three boys nodded sagely, agreeing that it would be a typical mum-thing that would probably happen to all of them. They all complained loudly to each other about their mums doing stuff like that, but deep down, they all missed their parents a lot by now, especially their mothers.

Scott again broached the earlier topic of his friends association with the bully. "So what were you doing with Robbie earlier?"

Matt grinned. "Shit! I nearly forgot! I had a smoke with Robbie earlier, and he's in the same boat with carrying contraband around with him. He brung something extra to camp this year, but none of the guys in his cabin would touch it, so he offered it to me!"

Scott's face fell, and his mood darkened noticeably. "Ah fuck Matty. You're not going to tell us you bought fucking drugs off Robbie, are ya? You know I'm not interested in that shit!"

Matts grin only widened. "Nah man, not drugs, but I did get.....this!"

Reaching into the sleeping bag that was draped across his lap as he sat cross-legged on the floor, the boy pulled out a medium sized bottle of an opaque brown liquid, and he held it up like a trophy.

A look of understanding passed over both Dan and Scotty's faces. They had recognised the bottle immediately, and in that split second glance at each other, their young eyes wide with wonder, a nervous look of excitement, and fear was exchanged. Only Ali looked a bit confused.

"What's that, big guy?"

"Bourbon!" Matt whispered, although still loud with excitement. "Real whisky-type shit! Robbie nicked it from his dad's cupboard, but the other kids wouldn't touch it, and threatened to dob him in if he drank it, and he don't wanna try sneaking it back in, so he sold it to me!"

"How much?" Dan whispered, glancing nervously towards the door, almost expecting a SWAT team to kick it in at any second. Feeling his bladder twitch, he was grateful that he had only just peed, as he thought he would've wet himself if he hadn't. Even then, he thought that a dribble might've escaped.....

"Thirty bucks," Matt said proudly.

"Fucks sake Matt! Put the fuckin' thing away! Teachers are due for the bed check soon," Scott said in a loud hiss.

Before Matt could do that though, Ali leaned forward suddenly and snatched it out of his hands. "Hang on guys! I've never seen real whisky before."

"It's not whisky, it's bourbon," Matt patiently explained to the darker skinned boy.

"What's the difference?" Ali asked with wide eyed innocence.

Matt thought about it. "Dunno really, but my dadd..*coughs,*sorry, my old man always says there is one."

The other boys were so excited, they didn't notice Matt letting the word 'daddy' almost slip out. They were now almost petrified of being caught in possession of such a major, prohibited item, but the realisation that they could probably drink at least some of it was spectacularly awesome!

Ali's eyes were like saucers, as he reverently passed the bottle back to his friend, his mouth slightly opened in awe.

"H-have you guys ever like, tried it?" Ali whispered, taking his turn to throw a scared glance towards the door.

The other three boys exchanged quizzical glances at each other, waiting for someone else to talk first.

"Not reallllly," Dan whispered. "My dad has it sometimes, this 'zact same one with the turkey on it, but he won't let me have one. I'm 'lowed to have a beer with him when he first gets back from his swing, and mum sometimes let's me have a bit of her wine, but I'm not s'posed to have this. I did sneak a sip outta dad's glass one night though. He puts Coke in it."

Ali was enthralled. "Wow! What was it like, Dan?"

Dan looked a bit shy and guilty. "Honestly? I didn't like it. Had a nasty chemical-ly sorta taste."

Ali turned expectantly to the other two.

"What about youse? You guys ever tried it?"

"I have," Matt admitted. "My big brother lets me have a drink out of some of his cans occasionally, you know, like take a sip of his? Then the bastard always threatens to tell mum, but he never does." Matt sighed wistfully as he finished, letting his thoughts momentarily drift away towards his family.

"My old man doesn't drink it," Scott told them. "But he has rum sometimes, and he lets me have a sip if mums not around. He also lets me have a glass of beer every now and then."

Danny looked inquiringly at Ali. "What about you mate? What have you ever drank?"

Ali looked sheepishly at them. "I've never ever had a drink of anything, not even beer. My parents are from India, and although they're Catholic, they kinda have a lot of like Hindu ideas as well. Not ever drinking alcohol is one of them. At least they eat meat," he added.

All eyes turned automatically towards Scott, who in turn looked at Matt.

"Whaddya gonna do with it Matt? Are you thinking we should drink it tonight?"

Matt held his gaze calmly. "Yeah mate. Think about it! It's our last night at camp, and after the bed check in the next half hour, we've got all night! We can have a couple of smokes in the shower, then drink at least some of it! Come on man! It'll be rad!"

He turned to Ali, looking for support. "Ali wants to try it, don'tcha Ali? And Dan? Dan-the-mans gonna be in, aren'tcha Danny?"

This time, it was Dan and Ali, sensing Scott's reluctance, who exchanged guilty glances. Matt was keen, and the other three boys were all secretly tempted as well, but they knew that they really shouldn't do it. Nobody wanted to be the first one to say yes, and while they might've had vague thoughts about hopefully someone else being the voice of reason, stopping it before it got out of hand, they weren't going to say so themselves.

Scott was shaking his head slowly.

"Geez Matt. Thirty bucks? Fuckin' Robbie saw you coming, big fella. Ripped you right off. Ya probably should go get your money back."

Matt however, was defiant. "He didn't rip me Scotty. I know it's cheaper in the shop, but I can't buy it from a fucking shop, can I? 'Sides, me dad gave me a hunjy ($100)to bring to camp, so I don't like owe him or nuthin'.

"I'd, uh, I'd like to try a bit Scotty," Ali stated softly.

"Me too," Dan added quickly, before he could spew forth the 'NO' that he knew he really should say. But he did want to try it.

"Got no Coke or ice," Scott pointed out.

"Don't need 'em," Matt countered. "We'll just like do little straight shots, you know, little ones like on TV."

Scott sighed, slumping his shoulders a bit, but still sounding calm, almost politely inquisitive with his questions. Like the others, he wanted to do it, knew they shouldn't, but couldn't bring himself to be the one to say it. He figured that if he argued reasonably, and they convinced him, then it was meant to be.

"And what are we going to do while we're getting plastered, gentlemen? Are we going to just sit around in a circle in the dark, swigging straight bourbon, get pissed, make a big noise, playing with our dicks, and getting into big trouble?"

"You're exaggerating Scotty," Matt replied, just as calmly. "It's not a big bottle. There's four of us. We're prolly only gonna get a few swigs each. We're not gonna get real pissed on that," and he waved the bottle disdainfully.

"TRUTH OR DARE!" Ali blurted out. "We could play truth or dare! You know, like you haveta take a shot, or do something for your dare, or if you wanna skip doing truth or something!?"

"Aw cool," Dan muttered, impressed.

"Wicked idea mate," Matt agreed.

Three pairs of eyes looked expectantly at Scott.

He grinned. "We must be fucking mad," he muttered, holding up his palms to receive a raucous series of high fives.

"We gotta be super quiet though boys," he warned them gravely. "If we do get loud, and start fucking about, we'll get busted sure as shit. We all gotta keep a lid on it, okay?"

"10:20, lights out in ten," Ali informed them, looking at his phone which was little more than a glorified clock at that minute.

They packed the unused cards away, made their beds, and discovered that the lid from Scott's drink flask was a good size for a shot glass.

The lights went out soon after, and again, as a repeat of the previous night, Matt and Ali climbed into their respective top bunks, while Scott and Dan, the bed-wetting-bottom-bunkers, took up positions near the windows to watch out for the bed checks. Just like last night, a sudden flash of torchlight had the kids giggling under their breath as their socked feet pounded almost silently over the floor as they dove into their own beds.

Waiting now for twenty minutes after bed check, and they could start their party!

*912*2017-09-19 22:08

{{6 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

What a excellent chapter I can't wait to read what they will do after the grownups come check up on them

}}

Thanks Bella! I'm excited for this.

*915*2017-09-20 12:17

Got a question for the regular readers.

Ive just re-read the last few chapters again, and I like the dialogue between the boys.

But I'm reading it as I'm thinking it, in Australian English. I automatically write it like we speak it, complete with home made abbreviations.

To me, and remembering my childhood, it reads exactly like how we used to speak.

But I also just realised how it was probably a bit jarring, or hard to decipher for non-Australians.

Thoughts?

*921*2017-09-21 14:14

Chapter 43:

The boys waited anxiously for the bed check. Apparently the teachers were doing it in a different order that night, no doubt trying to throw the kids off their game, and try to catch some out. The boys laid in bed for nearly twenty minutes, whispering and giggling as quietly as they could, until at last they heard the porch step creaking as Father Brandon tried to sneak up to the door. He opened it quietly, but didn't shine his torch in, as the ambient light from the open bathroom door provided enough illumination for him to clearly see the four bodies snuggled up in their sleeping bags. He smiled to himself as he shut the door gently behind him. The priest had no doubt that if he was to find any children misbehaving, they certainly wouldn't be the ones from this cabin.

For Daniel in particular, it was a slightly nervous wait. As soon as he was safely in bed, he stuck an inquiring hand inside his pull up, unsure as to whether or not he had suffered a nerve-induced trickle earlier, but although his nappy was nice and warm, his fingers were only mushing themselves into dry padding. That was a relief for sure, but ever since then, he kept thinking about perhaps needing to pee again, although he'd only gone to the toilet less than an hour earlier. The urge had really intensified while him and Scott had been on lookout duty, and by the time he had dived giggling into his bed, it had become a very noticeable feeling. He had almost gotten up to use the bathroom immediately, but had been expecting the bed check to happen a lot sooner, and had wanted to be in bed "asleep" when it happened, so he ended up laying there uncomfortably for the next twenty minutes, onesie unclipped for access, and his hand down the front of his diaper, gently squeezing his pecker.

When the priest had opened the door, Dan was gritting his teeth, legs crossed and dick in hand, sweating slightly as he tried hard not to wiggle around, but not pee his pants at the same time. He forced himself to remain stationary for another two minutes after the door had closed, then he almost leapt from his bed and ran into the toilet, not caring at all that the other boys could see his desperation. He'd rather be seen desperate, but still dry and making it, rather than have his mates know that he'd wet himself yet again.

Hurrying into the nearest stall, and wishing it had a door on it, he almost ripped his pants and boxers in his haste to get them down, then used his left hand to hold his dry, but darkly stained crotch flap up, while his right hand managed to point his boyhood at the bowl only a second before his stream started flowing.

Surprisingly, given his urgency, he didn't actually pee very much at all, and he had a wry smile as he shook the drops off only seconds later, realising that it was only his nerves that had been making him need to go so badly.

Matthew was propped up on his elbow waiting for his friend to return.

"Are you alright Danny? Did you get there in time?" He sounded concerned.

Dan gave an embarrassed chuckle as he flung himself bonelessly back onto his bunk.

"Yeah mate. Just. It was that obvious, huh? I didn't even go a lot. Must've been like nerves or something."

"I know exactly what you mean mate," Ali informed him, as two brown feet appeared from the bunk above him, and the boy jumped lithely from the top bunk, and hurried into the toilet himself.

"Fuck it. I gotta go too," Matt admitted, and he jumped down from his perch as well, nearly landing on Scott who had decided that he suddenly needed to as well. All four boys giggled quietly as the rest of them took turns at emptying their bladders.

After everybody had peed, Ali and Dan sat beside each other on Danny's bed, while the other two sat on Scotts.

"Well? You going first big fella?" Scott asked nervously, his voice cracking a bit as he spoke.

Matt poured himself a reasonable shot, using a line on the flask lid as a unit of measurement. All the eyes were on him as he took a steadying breath.

"Here goes," he said, and he raised the lid with a trembling hand, wincing at the smell coming out of it, then closed his eyes, put it to his lips, and threw his head quickly back, throwing the fiery liquid straight into the back of his throat, and swallowing it with a severe squint.

"Oh man," he whispered hoarsely, uttering a small, slightly breathless cough. "That fucking burns!"

Scott took the lid from Matts shaking hand, and refilled it, passing it to Ali.

"You're next mate. It's time to pop that alcohol cherry of yours!"

The slightly built Indian boy took it with a anxious grin, looking a lot more excited than nervous. He had been waiting a long time to try alcohol, and was so excited, he could feel his dick going hard inside his pants. He took a second to pull Dans sleeping bag over his lap, trying to look nonchalant as he did so. Apart from taking a quick sniff, and hurriedly pulling his nose away, Ali took the shot with almost no preamble. In anticipation, he winced even harder than Matthew had, but apart from a little gasp, he looked up at his friends in surprise.

"Hey! That's actually not too bad boys! I mean, it like burns a bit and shit, but I don't mind it!"

Scott took the lid, refilling it, and passing it to Dan.

"What about you?" Dan asked, looking to delay his shot for a little bit longer.

"I'll go last," Scott informed him. "I wanna see if you girls like pass out or puke or something first."

Steeling himself, Dan swigged it back, just like his friends had, but he choked a bit, erupting into a slight coughing fit, that had the other three laughing and shushing him at the same time, while he held his middle finger up at them as he tried to get his breath back. "Fuck me! That's strong," he admitted with a slightly embarrassed grin.

Scott went last, but apart from a slight grimace, he downed it like a pro with no complaints, again earning the admiration of his friends. Sometimes it just seemed like Scott could do just about anything, except keep his sheets dry of course.

He busied himself pouring the next round, and the others automatically let him do it. Matt went first again, this time managing it with less trouble now he knew what to expect.

"What made you think of playing Truth or Dare?" Dan asked Ali, hoping that they were still going to play, and trying to gently remind the others.

Ali drank his shot before replying, doing it with ease that time, and not even coughing or squinting.

"Man! I like that!" He announced. "It was the way we were all talking about drinking and shit earlier I s'pose. You know, like how we were all admitting what we'd done, or hadn't done. I kinda figured it might give us an excuse or something, and we could like trade some secrets and stuff," then he burped as Dans next drink was prepared.

This time, Danny didn't choke, and he agreed with Ali that the second one went down better than the first. Scotty completed round two with his customary ease, and the boys got ready to play, vaguely aware of a slight light-headedness settling over them. But it was nice. They were relaxing a lot more, and the feelings of naughtiness were almost as intoxicating as the bourbon.

"Darers go first," Scott solemnly advised Ali. "Truth, or Dare?"

"Truth," Ali replied with a nervous grin.

"Okay. Who do you have a crush on?"

"Ah man! Start me off badly, why dontcha?" Ali said bashfully, but Scott only hurried him along without any sympathy.

"Come on guys, you already know this," Ali protested.

"Dan doesn't," Scott reminded him with a grin. "Tell Danny-boy who you're hot for!"

Ali's skin tone wasn't conducive to blushing, but he still nearly made it.

"Miss Perkins," he said with a sigh, causing Dan to almost shriek with laughter.

"The assistant librarian? No way! She's way old, must be nearly thirty!"

"So?" Ali replied with a grin. "She's still a hottie. I reckon she just needs a bit of brown lovin' from a younger guy...."

Danny and his friends had to use their pillows to muffle their outbursts of laughter, and Dan actually had tears on his face when he was finally able to get control of himself again. 'Brown lovin'' was somehow funnier than it should've been.

"Okay, my turn," Ali said with a grin once his friends had themselves under control again. "Matt! Truth or dare?"

Matt replied "Dare," straight away.

"I dare ya to do the floppy dance," Ali said with a huge grin.

"Fuck off," Matt responded. "Give me a drink instead," and Scott started pouring.

Dan was intrigued. "What the fucks the floppy dance, fellas?"

Matt knocked back his third shot, while Scott explained.

"When we were little kids, our pairs would sometimes make us have showers together. I don't know how old we were, maybe seven?" He looked at Ali, who nodded in agreement.

"Anyway, if the grownups weren't around, we'd do the floppy dance, and we'd jump up and down while we were naked, and make our dicks flop around. I know it prolly sounds a bit gay, but we were only like little kids, and we thought it was hilarious!"

Matt passed the lid back to Scott, burping a bit as the fiery liquid traced a path to his gullet.

"Danny. Truth or dare?"

Suddenly scared of being asked for a floppy dance, Danny instantly blurted out "Truth," and Matt eyed him carefully.

"How far have you gone with Amy?" Matt asked, his cheeks flushed with bourbon. "What's the most that you've done with her?"

Dan paled. The temptation to start bragging to his mates about his girlfriend was always a constant one, but something he'd always managed to avoid. He found himself almost anxious to tell them stuff occasionally, but didn't want to betray Amy's confidence whatsoever. There was no way that he would ever tell the guys about their "little side," or ever say anything about her diapers or wetting problems, but the alcohol had already loosened his tongue a bit, and he made a split second decision that it probably wouldn't hurt to tell them some stuff about what they had done. It would only help his street cred after all. But he needed a boost first.

"Ah shit, man! A gennleman doesn't tell stuff like that," he explained with a slight slur on the biggest word. Then he paused before continuing. "It's a good thing I'm not a gentleman I guess," and the boys gave him a cheer, Ali even slapping him on the back for good measure.

"Fuck it though guys. If I tell youse some stuff, you gotta promise never to tell her I told you....."

"Way to go Dan!"

"Course not mate!"

"We won't say fuck all!"

Dan sighed. He REALLY did want to tell them some stuff, not in the least because it would make him look more cool and grown up, but he didn't want to betray his girlfriends trust either.

"Better give me another drink first. Build my courage up a bit."

Scott hurriedly poured another shot, rushing a bit, and accidentally filling it a bit past the line. He momentarily considered trying to pour some back into the bottle, but couldn't be bothered making the effort. Dan took the lid, and skolled it back without any problems. It seemed like the more they drank, the easier it became.

"Well, Amy and me fool around sometimes. She's given me a handjob before, and we've like hadda shower together and shit. We kiss a lot, and I've touched her tits."

"No way dude!"

"Fuck off!"

"Bullshit!"

Dan was adamant though. "No bullshit guys. We've both like made each other cum before, and we've like seen each other naked and stuff."

Scott was in awe. "Aw man! Really? What's that like? I keep hoping that me and Nik might do that too one day." He poured himself another shot, which he drank as soon as he finished talking.

Dan appeared to ponder the question before answering.

"It's good Scott. Like too good to fuck up over a stupid game, ya know?"

Even though they were tipsy, the boys all understood what Dan was implying, and they didn't question him any further on it. But regardless, Dans social standing had just jumped a few points, and everyone there realised it.

Three drinks in, and so far, so good.

