Desperate turbulence

Author: DespMely

*000*2016-10-03 17:22

Hello all!

I have written a new story about desperation and lines.

Since i have recently working as a FA again (some times), I thought i could write a story inspired by that work - maybe even a series of stories about desperation on planes:)

As always, comments, critizism and suggestions always welcome.

Enjoy!

„Stupid new system.“ Emily grumbled as she passed the lavatories on the way back from getting another pillow for one of the passengers in her sector. With a longing look to the toilet doors she sat down in her own seat next to her co-worker Susanne and crossed her legs, wincing slightly at the pressure on her bladder from the tight uniform skirt as the plane shook through some more turbulence. They had been in heavy weather for close to an hour now and she hoped it would not last much longer, as the passengers were getting increasingly frustrated. And she had to pee. Badly.

Usually turbulence would be welcome as it freed up the lavatories for the flight attendants to take care of their needs without inconveniencing the passengers, but the airline had apparently decided this was too dangerous or, Emily thought darkly, they simply wanted to make them suffer. Now the lavatories automatically locked when the fasten seatbelt signs were on which, incidentally, meant none of them had been able to take the customary pre-take off pee. Glancing over at the older flight attendant, she could easily guess Susanne was feeling the pressure too by now as she crossed and uncrossed her legs periodically, staring at the toilet doors longingly.

“Do you think it´ll be much longer?” she asked quietly, hoping she didn´t sound too nervous. She was still quite new on this crew and hadn´t yet developed the kind of intimate relationship that came after many days spent working together.

“I shouldn´t think so” the other woman replied, forcing a smile as she turned, glancing at Emily´s crossed legs. “Feeling it too, huh? I´d sure like to find whoever had this bright idea, I have to pee like a racehorse!”.

Emily blushed at the rough language, she was usually quite shy about needing the bathroom. “Yeah me too I hope I can go soon.” She admitted after a moment´s hesitation.

“Don´t count on it, there´s gonna be a quite a rush when the turbulence is finally over.”

She grimaced at the statement, knowing it was true. After this long of enforced sitting, at least a few passengers would take the earliest opportunity to relieve themselves. She just hoped it wasn´t too many.

“Mom I need the loo.” Claire grimaced, both hands on her lap as she looked desperately at her mother. Only she was in no position to help, not being in control of the seat belt sign. “I´m sorry you´ll have to wait” she replied, smiling in return. “I´m sure we´ll be able to go soon honey.”

Rolling her eyes, Claire sighed. She really, really had to go after too much soda. That always happened to her on flights, with free drinks and her mom not saying anything about it being unhealthy unlike at home. Who could know she wouldn´t be able to use the restrooms for that long? Wiggling in her seat and trying to press her legs together as much as possible in the tight space, she sighed again, staring at the seat belt sign and wishing it off. She should have gone when she first started to have to go. But she always waited until it was urgent, so she didn´t have to go too often. Stupid, really, in hindsight, since there was nothing much else to do on a plane.

Shivering, she slid one hand between her legs and squeezed as a wave of pressure overcame her bladder. “I REALLY gotta go” she mumbled, blushing. “Do you think they´ll let me go if I ask?”

Her mother turned to her with an exasperated look. “You know you should be too old for this….if you want to ask, ask. I´m not bailing you out of these situations anymore young lady.”

Blushing, Claire wiggled a bit more in silence, stung by her mothers´ words. She was almost certain she was right, too – she was 16, not 6 – but she really HAD go to badly. With a silent groan, she stabbed a finger up to the call button, watching her mother roll her eyes.

“I´ll get it” Emily said immediately as she saw the flashing call sign, glad for the opportunity to walk and move a bit to distract her bladder and her mind from the ocean of pee inside her. If the skirt weren´t that tight! She slowly made her way down the aisle almost to the back of the plane, smiling at the seated passengers and repeating “I´m sure it will be turned off soon, it´s nothing to worry about” over and over as people asked her.

Reaching the red-faced teenager sitting next to a clearly embarrassed mother, she didn´t even need to look at the hand she had wedged between her legs to guess the problem. “Can I help you miss?” she asked pleasantly, fighting the urge to cross her legs and dance around as she stood still.

“Uhm, yeah, I´m really sorry but….I have to pee real bad can you let me use the toilet?” Claire muttered, embarrassed now too. “It´s an emergency” she added in a rush, looking at Emily pleadingly. The flight attendant smiled sadly. “I´m sorry miss but the toilets are automatically locked when the seatbelt sign is on. There is nothing I can do, you´ll have to wait I´m afraid. I´m sure it will be any minute now.” She tried to give a reassuring smile, shifting weight as her own bladder screamed out for relief.

“Oh…thanks.” Claire said dejectedly, squirming in her seat as Emily left, walking back up the aisle. As she passed the toilets again she had to press her legs together sharply, as if the mere proximity of a toilet triggered her bladder to release. Sitting down again and crossing her legs instantly, she thought of the poor girl. She´d have a hard time beating any others that needed the lavatories in front.

A loud gasp from Susanne broke her out of her thoughts and she looked over to see the woman hunched over rubbing her legs together furiously, meeting her eyes. “You know....only one of us will be able to beat the rush….” She said silently, getting herself under control with obvious difficulty.

It took a moment for Emily to understand, glancing at the 2 toilets so tantalizingly close. As she did, she stared at Susanne in horror. Of course…while they could easily reach the toilets before any of the passengers could, it was clear that they couldn´t both go at the same time and leave the passengers unattended. It was a small plane and they were the only flight crew, so one would have to wait for the other to finish – and probably be stuck in a queue by then.

“I´m not sure I can wait….” She started, letting a bit of her desperation show in her eyes, hoping the other woman wouldn´t pull rank on her.

“Me neither honey,” Susanne replied with a sign “in fact, I am definitely bursting. I think the only fair way would be to flip a coin…”

Emily just looked at her for a few seconds, horrified. She had to pee now! What if she lost? Breathing slowly, she got herself under control. It was obviously the only choice since Susanne obviously was in dire straits herself. “Fine” she said with a brave smile, “let´s do it…before they turn off the sign and we both have to wait!”

Susanne smiled back, getting out a coin. “Heads or tails?” she asked, squirming in her seat and re-crossing her legs in the tight skirt. “Heads” Emily replied, fidgeting heavily with anticipation herself, unable to keep still as she watched the other woman flip the coin and catch it on the back of her hand. She held her breath until she saw that she had lost, almost moaning in despair. “Just promise you´ll hurry…” she managed, trying to look composed.”

“I will honey, i´ll be as quick as I can” Susanne replied, obviously relieved at the outcome.

“I don´t know if I can hold much longer!” Claire muttered under her breath, wiggling and squirming as much as the small airplane seat allowed her hand still between her legs. Her mother had studiously ignored her since she´d begged the flight attendant, but now she turned towards her with something like pity.

“You´ll be fine Claire. Just keep moving your legs, that always helps. And maybe open those jeans..they look tight and must press on your bladder. I know I always like holding myself under my pants when…” she suddenly turned red and stopped, smiling guiltily, leaving Claire surprised. Her mother, holding herself? She´d never even seen her squirm for a pee. Clearly there must be something of her past she didn´t know.

Eagerly taking the advice and opening the button and zipper of her skinny jeans, she sighed at the partial relief this brought to her swollen bladder. Glancing over, she slowly reached her hand into them and pressed on her pussy over the red lace panties she wore, but her mother had gone back to reading and wasn´t paying any attention.

A little calmer now, she tapped one knee against the other. Clearly, mom knew a thing or too she could still learn. Apparently, how to hold your pee was one of them.

When the pilots voice came on the loudspeakers Emily almost jumped up, but forced herself to stay calm. They hat sat quietly, each shifting and squirming as they waited, for this moment.

“Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to apologize for the prolonged turbulence. We have now passed through it and it will be safe to move about the cabin.”

“Finally…” she started to say, turning to Susanne, but the other flight attendant was already on her way into the closer stall, slamming and locking it behind her. “Hurry up” she silently begged, undoing her seatbelt as she watched the cabin. It looked a bit like chaos with people getting up in almost every row, and a young businessman was first into the second stall, hurrying to undo his pants as he entered.

Right behind him was a middle-aged lady who groaned as she saw both stalls taken and started a queue that was growing quickly as people reached the front from their seats. Emily stared in horror as person after person got in line, some immediately fidgeting and squirming. She stared at Susanne´s stall, wishing her to come out so she could get in line before it got too long for her poor bladder.

“Oh….hurry let me out!” Claire gasped immediately as the sign turned off. As she got up and waited for her mother to rise too, she could already see many others getting up “Hurry I can´t wait for all of them!” she groaned, pressing past her mother and hobbling up the aisle as fast as she could.

“Good luck!” her mother chuckled as she left, immediately passed by a boy her age racing past her. “Oh nonono!” she muttered, looking ahead to see the queue stretching farther and farther back until she reached it behind the boy. She stopped and crossed her legs tightly, gasping and squirming, hoping it wouldn’t take too long for her to get into the lavatory she so desperately needed.

“Finally!” Emily said as Susanna emerged from her stall, smiling happily and holding the door for the lady hobbling in quickly. “Go ahead honey I hope you make it” she told her and left Emily to press past the waiting passengers to join the back of the line. She´d counted 16 people by the time she reached the end of the line and joined behind the desperate girl from before, squirming uncontrollably. Almost a quarter of the passengers were in line! She just hoped it would be quick.

In front of her, Claire was pee dancing quite openly, her hand still stuck inside her open jeans as she held herself tightly, the extreme urgency overcoming any embarrassment. Emily winced as she saw the girl shudder and clamp her legs together, sticking out her bum and showing off a generous amount of her panties as the jeans slid down a little. Clearly she was not the only one bursting to go!

Part of her wishes for pants she could open, or a belt she could undo to relieve at least some of the pressure on her bladder. But if she undid the skirt, it would just fall to the floor, leaving her in pantyhose and black panties. She shuddered as the contemplated the choice between that or wetting herself and broke into a pee dance as well, unable to keep her composed, cross-legged stance. Glancing around, she saw several passengers, especially men, watch her and she blushed brightly. But she couldn´t hold still, not without losing control.

Looking ahead, she could see a young boy replacing them man and his mother take a smaller girl into the other. “Hurry honey mommy has to go too!” she could be heard saying in the stall. As she ran her eyes over the row of fidgeting people and took a few steps forward as the line moved, Claire suddenly hunched over again, her bum rubbing against Emily´s leg for a moment.

“Oh, I´m so sorry” she muttered, turning, her eyes going wide as she say the flight attendant pee dance behind her with a pained expression.

“No worries miss” Emily forced a smile, squirming furiously and rubbing her legs together with a red face as she fought for control of her bladder after the small leak the unexpected contact had caused her to release.

“I didn´t know you had to go too….” Claire muttered, staring at the woman´s bouncing legs, her own dance almost a mirror image.

“Yeah, I´m sorry I have to do this but I really cannot wait” Emily said, finding it curiously freeing to talk about her need with somebody in the same position. “I just hope I can make it….are you going to be ok?” she added with a quick glance at Claire´s wiggling bum as they moved a spot as the boy was replaced by a older woman.

“I….I hope so but I really, really have to pee” Claire admitted, smiling despite her situation.

“I can see that” Emily said looking right at the young girls open jeans and hand inside them, making Claire flush in embarrassment. Emily noticed and quickly leaned closer and continued “Mind you I would be doing the same if I wasn’t stuck in this stupid tight skirt!”

Claire relaxed a bit as she heard this and gripped her pussy tighter. Anything would be less embarrassing than wetting herself, and she´d never see any of the people around her again anyway she thought as she noticed a teenage boy sitting nearby stare at her with mouth open. She stared him down, enjoying watching him turn red and rapidly look away, although she saw him glance at her over and over. Let him have his fun, she thought, she´d settle for a pee.

Emily sighed as the toilets opened and a couple raced in, the girl of the pair hiking her skirt up before she was in to underline the urgency of her need. “For god’s sake hurry” she thought, willing the queue to move faster, but there were still 8 people ahead of her, almost all of them unable to stand still as they waited their turn. She smiled briefly as a middle-aged lady 4th in line yelled out her thought out loud, her call of “For god’s sake hurry UP!” bringing several supportive gasps from the others around her.

A couple minutes brought her two spots closer as a pair of college-age girls took their turns, the one in the closer stall peeing so forcefully that the sound of her stream caused another leak to soak into Emily´s panties. “Oh dear” she gasped and fought the urge to hold herself like the girl ahead of her, knowing that if she did so, it might stain if pressed against her wet panties.

Ahead of her, Claire also heard the girl peeing forcefully and she panicked slightly as she felt her panties absorb a long spurt of pee despite holding herself. The feel of her suddenly wet panties almost made her remove her hand but she gritted her teeth and pressed two fingers into her pussy as best as possible through her panties as she lifted one leg and pressed it against the other, barely keeping her balance and managing to stop the leak. “I can´t wait much longer” she thought, still panicking.

“I´m sorry could I go in front of you? I´m like, literally about to pee my pants” she said to the boy waiting in front of her, forcing a laugh as he turned and, predictably, stared at her crotch. She was willing to let him have it, if it meant she could pee sooner. “I……” he stared, then stopped, staring open-mouthed. “Please? I REALLY gotta go!” Claire begged, putting on her best 'cute innocent girl' voice. “Uh, sure I guess.” He stammered, fidgeting to hide his obvious bulge as a he held his stomach and grimaced. “Thank you so much!” she said and took his spot, blowing him a kiss as she left him staring at her ass.

She was tempted to repeat the feat but one look at the girl now in front of her told her it was useless. She was several years older but was clutching her crotch as much as herself, although through her skirt, and her dancing was, if anything, even more violent as she was constantly shifting her legs and pressing them together before crossing them over and over.

Emily had watched the younger girl beg her way forward with an aroused smile as she found it an odd turn-on. She wasn´t sure what it was – her desperation, the sight of the pee dancing or the girl´s cute begging, but she was turned on. “Still gotta pee like a racehorse though” she thought and grimaced as a man got the near stall and emptied his bladder forcefully. The woman in the other stall had been a while and when she got out an older couple was next.

“Let me go first i´m dying for a poo” the woman whispered forcefully blushing badly. “So am I…go hurry!” the man replied, standing in front of the other stall fidgeting for a moment until he got in as well.

“Oh crap” Emily though as they started their movements, making the desperate girl next in line whimper. “Just three more so close” Emily sighed, glancing at the teen boy in front and contemplating asking for cuts herself.

“This can´t be happening!” Claire through, now panicking completely as she heard both people pooing. She was leaking constantly now and was sure her jeans had a wet spot already, no amount of dancing and holding able to stop the spurts soaking through her fingers. In front of her, the girl was moaning and suddenly started knocking on the right-hand stall. “Hurry please I´m wetting myself oh god please hurry hurry oohhhh hurry!” she sobbed, the other hand still clutching at her crotch and squirming madly.

Claire just stared for a moment before the sight of a trickle of pee running down the girls leg made her own bladder release a big spurt that sprayed over her hand. “Ohhh” she groaned and hobbled to the other stall, knocking as well “Please hurry in there!” she managed, feeling hot pee run down her legs despite pressing against it as hard as she could.

Emily stared wide-eyed at the two girls in front of the toilets. Hearing their frantic begging had almost made her forget her own need, making her nipples hard with instant arousal, until her bladder reminded her violently by pumping a long spurt into her now soaked underwear. She could feel it trickle down her thigh and she gasped, barely stopping it. “Can I go in front too please it´s an emergency!” she said immediately, looking at the boy pleadingly who gave her a one-second glance before staring at the girls in front of him again without answering. “Please? I´m about to wet myself as well” she whispered, leaning forward to him.

Claire had almost given up as she felt the trickle of pee reach her knees when she heard the toilet flush. “Hurry!” she moaned with sudden hope, ready to tug her jeans down…and then freezing in despair as the other stall opened. With a shudder she felt herself lose all control, pee cascading down her legs as she stood rock-still, mind blank.

It was like she could see herself from above, one hand in her crotch with a puddle growing around her feet as her bladder emptied itself into her soaked jeans. The other girl was throwing herself on the toilet, her skirt lifted up with a huge spot on the crotch, pee spraying through her panties as she moaned in relief. As she reached forward to close the door, Claire went back into her body, bladder empty, jeans soaked.

“I….I´m so sorry miss ah….can you let me….oh god please i´m PEEING” Emily groaned at Claire, who was standing between her and the open toilet, the boy staring with one hand on his crotch shuddering. As Claire took an absent-minded step to the side Emily hobbled forward into the stall, hiking up her tight skirt with a curse and closing the door as turned, a forceful stream of pee shooting through her panties and pantyhose as she sat on the toilet with a shudder and a moan. “oh gooooooooooood” she moaned, the relief almost orgasmic. With her bladder slowly relaxing, she was suddenly aware of her arousal, her hard nipples, the embarrassment, the whole situation, the boy in the next stall giving a short grunt followed by several seconds pause and then a stream of pee hitting the toilet “Finally” she heard him groan and smiled as she guessed he had had something else to take care of, shooting a load from all the pee dancing and begging….

Quite without thinking, her hand found her wet clit and, with the final spurts of pee from her exhausted bladder, Emily brought herself to a shuddering orgasm with only a few quick rubs, and she would later realize with consternation that the thing she thought of as she did was of herself begging for the toilet.

