Zoe's Bat Mitzvah

Author: princesstess

*000*2011-05-20 22:06

Zoe's Bat Mitzvah

This story is based on a second-hand sighting and written in the first person

I could believe how badly I needed to go as I gave my sermon on the Haftarah portion in front of the synagogue congregation. I wore a tight sky-blue skirt suit, white blouse, a white satin lace-trimmed slip, white pantyhose, and blue lace-trimmed satin panties with matching bra. The podium couldn't hide me enough so I could grab myself, so I squeezed the edge of the podium for dear life as the ball of pain that was my bladder. I was perspiring and my voice was strained. I'm sure they all thought it was nerves. I had been so busy prior to the service that I hadn't went, big mistake. Still I felt I would make it. Only a few more minutes left in my Bat Mitzvah service. I squeezed my legs as tight as I could.

Those minutes were so hard and the pain in my bursting bladder grew. Finally it was over. I stepped down and headed for the ladies room but was intercepted by my mother.

'Zoe, you need to go to the doorway to greet everybody as they leave.'

'Mum, I really need to use the ladies room' I said as I jiggled.

'You can go afterwards.'

I pushed my right hand into my skirt of my dress. I needed to go so bad! “Mum, I don't think I can hold it much longer'. I felt so on the verge of peeing my panties.

'You're a big girl, I'm sure you can hold it.'

My heart just dropped. I forced a smile as I made my way to the door, just knowing I would pee my panties for sure. Just getting to the door was agony and took forever as I had to shake so many hands.

By the time I got to the door it was all I could do not to start peeing my panties. I was perspiring and lightly trembling. I couldn't believe how bad I had to go. Slowly the people filed pass. I shook their hands and engaged in small talk with a cracking voice.

People noticed my trembling but didn't get why. “There dear, the service is over, you can relax now.”

I looked at how many people were left and panicked. It can't hold it another second. I need to get to the ladies room now!!! I felt the first spurt. Oh no! Oh no! Then another. The warmth spread in my panties as I desperately fought to hold on.

A friend rushed over as I let out a sob with a long spurt that shot down my thigh.

'Oh Zoe, try and hold on.” She turned to another friend as I sobbed and spurted again. “We have to get her to the ladies room.”

Someone pointed ' She's peeing her panties. Look at her skirt.' The last spurt had left a wet track on my skirt.

My two friends started to lead me to the ladies room when I totally flooded. My pee just kept coming, totally soaking though my tight skirt, running don=wn my legs and pooling on the floor. I totally broke down in tears.

I could hear my mother 'I'm so sorry, Zoe. I'm so sorry.”

After I stopped peeing they lead me to the ladies room. I was crying hysterically feeling utterly humiliated as my coming of age became the worse day in my life.

It took forever for my mother, and friends to calm me down and I didn't want to leave the ladies room. Other women and girls came in to comfort me. Everybody was nice but I still felt totally humiliated.

