Sisterhood of Blood - Page 15

Author: frostyjr2

*351*2014-02-20 00:43

{{: 

I had forgotten about Despina and Mokolo. I am once again intrigued as to what will happen here. Thank you for another fine endeavor. It must take considerable effort to keep straight your now huge cast of characters .

Sorry I am 5 days late here but the last week has been so hectic I have not even been on line.

}}

Better late than never, as the saying goes.

Welcome back, and thanks for taking the time to read, and to comment !

*353*2014-02-22 12:46

Dearest friends, fans and fiends, i'm sorry i'm a day late with this week's installment of SoB.

For a while, i wasn't sure i'd have anything ready to post this week, but with the loving encouragement of my dear friend orango, i made it through a bout of depression... if SoB exists, it is truly all thanks to him !

In any case, work is salvation, and as Hannah said a couple of chapters back, "True love conquers all."

And so, on to the story !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 42)

GAME OVER (The Fencer)

US Olympic Training Center, Colorado Springs, CO 2006

(sound track: Asturias, by Isaac Albeniz, performed by John Williams)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wDAHl54V0CU?feature=oembed"

“En garde!”

Through the mesh of her mask, River could see the girl facing her.

She was a bit taller and heavier, and so she had the advantage of reach and weight.

The girl's reddish brown hair was tied in a long braid which moved almost hypnotically in time with her body, her footwork was sure, her sabre blade not much more than a blur in her hands as she fought.

Her opponent was obviously experienced, much more experienced than River had expected. She was fast, and she was tricky, weaving and feinting and making her moves hard to anticipate. Despite River’s best efforts, the girl was scoring point after point. It was almost impossible to defend against her, she was that good.

In all the time River had been fighting, she’d never faced an adversary of this caliber before, but her trainer had simply told her that at this level, you were going up against the very best. If you didn’t belong here yourself, you’d find out about it pretty quickly.

Up until now, she’d never lost a match that mattered, not since she was a little girl and still learning the art of fencing. Her mother had been a fencer before she had gotten sick, and her grandmother before that. It was a family tradition, one that made each of them unique and yet bonded the generations together, this peculiar art of fighting with a sword.

River had had either a pen or a sword in her hand during almost every spare moment ever since she was about 10 years old and had started her fencing lessons. It had been schoolwork or fencing and little else once her natural talent had become clear to her mother and her coach.

“She could be one of the great ones; she’s got the raw ability… only time will tell.”

Now it was all about to culminate in this match.

As a Junior champion, she was attempting to qualify for the national team.

Under her lamé and jacket, River was sweating hard, having fought back against all odds from an eight point deficit to within two points now, but time was running out and she had to remind herself to breathe deeply and stay calm somehow.

Fourteen to twelve; her opponent only had to score once more, or simply fight defensively and let the timer give her the victory.

Some fencers attacked, some defended, and some were specialists in the counterattack. Based on what she’d observed up until now, River doubted that the girl facing her would stop attacking; it just wasn’t her style. But she seemed to be getting just a little bit tired.

Possibly she hadn’t expected the match to go on for the full time limit, and the momentum had definitely swung at least a little bit towards River in this stage of the contest.

Maybe endurance was the one chink in the armor of this adversary who had seemed so invincible at the start.

As her coach always had told her, it’s not over until it’s over.

River’s specialty was the counterattack, which relied just as much on successful defense strategy. If your opponent scored on attack, there would be no point scored on the counter, and in the early stages of the match, that’s exactly what had happened. But River had watched closely, studied how the girl fought, and despite falling behind early, she hadn’t lost focus.

She watched, and she had been able to fight her way back to within two points... but she would have to score three to none in order to win.

As she stood behind her line on the strip, she could feel the sweat dripping down the curve of her spine under her jacket. Unable to see her adversary's eyes through the mesh of her mask, River watched her sword hand, waiting for it to move.

"EN GARDE... ALLEZ!" the referee shouted.

There was a sudden rapid lunge and thrust from the girl facing her. The point of the advancing sabre was blocked by River's quinte parry to deflect the cut away from her head. River was attempting a 'prise de fer' to push the other girl's blade aside which would leave her open to counterattack but her opponent parried her move easily at arm's length and from that short distance, was able to land a quick slashing blow to River's arm.

“Touché!”

The buzzer sounded; the match was over.

River removed her mask, saluted the referee and the judges, and shook her opponent's extended hand. This Becca Ward was quite an amazing fencer, that much was certain. River had tried her hardest, she'd put up a good fight, but had been outscored on points finally. She had been eliminated from contention for the team.

As she removed her protective clothing in the locker room afterwards, River was unable to prevent the bitter tears of her disappointment from flowing freely now, and there was no consolation for her in having done her best. In her mind, she had dedicated this match to the memory of her mother, who had died shortly after she had won her Junior Championship title. As sick as she was, her mother had managed to hang on, desperately clinging to life while her beloved daughter rose through the ranks, and at least she had lived to see that, but not long enough to witness this defeat, River thought.

Part of her knew that her mother and her grandmother would not have been angry or disappointed that she had lost, for she had fought well.

She could almost hear her mother’s voice, trying to comfort her…

“You were good today; she was just a little better.”

“That's just a nice way of saying I wasn’t good enough,” she replied to the voice inside her head now.

She felt as though she’d let her mother down somehow by losing here today.

She was angry and disappointed at what she saw as a failing of her skill, her will and her character, and she vowed to leave the competition side of the art behind, and never fight again.

If she wasn’t fighting, she didn’t need to train anymore either.

So what will I do?, she wondered.

This had been her whole life up until now, and she had no idea what would happen from here on out.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*356*2014-02-22 13:26

{{: 

Of course we know she will have to fight again and for something much more important than a title-life itself.

That was 8 years ago, and she has been working to get back in shape for the clan war, that should be happening soon.

}}

Actually, she'll be fighting for something even more important than life... she'll be fighting for freedom.

They will all be fighting for freedom from eternal slavery for their friends and clan mates Erica and Vicky !

{{: 

True love conquers all ... never a truer phrase was said my friend! And Frosty, you've done it again; it’s exciting, captivating, beautifully written, emotion inducing and thought provoking … an absolutely fine example of your skill and talent! When you finish it, it would be a crime not to publish this wonderful tale! So when the time comes, I hope to see it for sale on Amazon,* and then from there the sky’s the limit! I genuinely believe you’ve got what it takes to make it big, and I just hope you don’t forget your minions when that time comes! Love it, love you, and I can’t wait for next week!

*Other good bookstores are available!!!

}}

Minions ?

I have no minions, only some good friends, and a precious few fans... and a single trusted comrade in arms who spurs me on with his love and his faith... that's you, dear orango !

*359*2014-02-23 23:18

{{: 

One of your saddest ones Frosty its a tearjerker.

}}

It is a rather sad chapter, but adversity can have at least two different results:

- it can break us, yes... but it can also make us stronger and wiser in the end,

- if we can see it as a lesson to be learned, and a chance to grow.

{{: 

Damn, this chapter is really playing with my emotions!

}}

If a writer can make readers think, that's good. But if you can share a character's pain or joy, or even simply care what happens to them, then you are feeling something, and in my mind, that's even better.

TY !

*360*2014-02-28 13:33

Dear friends, fans and fiends, here's the latest chapter of the story, and we're hearing from a couple of characters that haven't gotten much of a chance to speak up until now. Hopefully they'll keep you amused... one way or another...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 43)

NO EXIT (Janet and Diana)

Cannes, present day

(sound track: Resistance, by Muse)

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/TPE9uSFFxrI?feature=oembed"

The two slave vampire girls were back up in their room after the latest training session, feeling quite exhausted and desperate since their evil sisters hadn’t allowed them to pee in order to keep them ready for tonight’s show.

Yes, even though they were preparing for the upcoming battle with that rival clan across the ocean, they were still obliged to perform their show… not only did Judith and Kris need the blood money that they earned from their slaves to keep the four of them fed, but the emo vamps also needed those strong emotions that the show evoked in the audience in order to thrive.

Janet and Diana were squirming in place and working hard to hold in the amount of liquid they had been forced to consume. By now they were both leaking pee fairly steadily into their panties, and they were actually looking forward to show time, because it would mean they would finally get a chance to fully relieve the almost overwhelming pressure which had been building up all day in their poor overburdened bladders at last.

“So, what are we gonna do about this battle, J.?” Diana asked, with her hand gently cradling the bulge above her tight low-rise jeans.

“We’re probably going to get our butts kicked, that’s what!” Janet replied. “First off, we suck… you totally can’t fight with a sword, and really, I’m not too much better! If we even try, we’re just totally going to get ourselves killed, although I guess we don’t really need to worry about that too much,” she said with a laugh. “After all, we’re both already dead… well, at least technically speaking, anyhow.”

“I prefer the term ‘undead’, really… “ Diana said, trying her best to mimic Judith’s strange accent. Although she failed miserably to capture it, Janet still giggled at the attempt, which caused her to let loose another uncontrollable leak down below.

“C’mon, Di, don’t make me laugh now!” Janet gasped. “I’m gonna totally pee myself, and you know what that bitch Kris will do to us if we’re not totally full at show time!”

She doubled over and jammed her hand down between her legs under her short denim miniskirt to apply pressure on her urethra through her white cotton panties now, feeling the dampness of them as she did.

"OMG, I'm not sure i'm gonna make it..."

"You have to, J., YOU JUST HAVE TO !" Diana's voice was rising along with her panic at the thought that poor Janet might lose control before it was allowed during their show. "You know what'll happen otherwise!"

She squirmed and wriggled with the ever growing discomfort of her urgent need to pee now. The thought of Janet being in such a bad way was actually making her own desperation even more intense now. Where the hell was Kris? Surely it had to be close to time to get going on their way to Le Petit Bal...

Diana had been so thoroughly conditioned now, she actually welcomed the sight of her tormentor's face. Whenever she saw Kris, it meant she was going to get to pee some time soon, at least.

Although first, there would be their walk of shame through the night-time streets of Cannes... it was kind of like when the circus came to town in the olden days, a way to give the potential audience a little free taste so they'd come and pay for the ticket to see the show. The two slave girls would be paraded around in front of hungry vampires, desperate and leaking all the while, trying not to pee their panties the whole time. Then there would be the arrival at Le Petit Bal, a rapid yet thorough shibari bondage session at Kris' hands, then some sort of prolonged bladder torment in front of the assembled audience of paying customers before they'd finally be allowed release.

By now, they were both used to the routine, and quite resigned to their fate.

“Oh, for starters, she’ll just pump us full of water again the other way…and then afterwards…” Janet said unhappily, before the other girl interrupted her.

“STOP!! I don’t even wanna think about it…” Diana wasn’t kidding either.

Just the mere thought of a Kris punishment session filled her with dread, and she almost wet herself with fear again now just remembering what Kris had done to her the last time she'd peed without permission. She gasped softly as she felt a little spurt escape before she was able to bear down and halt the flow. Now a tiny wet spot had formed on the crotch of her jeans... omg... this is bad, she thought.

“Well, dead or alive, or undead… or whatever… we need to come up with a plan, or we won’t be around anymore after this fight!” Janet said. “Somehow I get the impression that those two don’t give a flying f*ck whether we make it through this or not.”

“But we can’t fight, or we’ll lose. Then what?” Diana crossed her legs tightly, then double-crossed them, afraid that just once wouldn't be enough to hold back the inevitable flood of pee that was so ready to come out now.

“Kind of a dilemma, Di,” Janet mused, still squirming awkwardly with her hand jammed down between her legs. “If we fight, we lose… and if we manage to help them win and survive somehow, they’ll have gotten what they wanted all along: possession of those other two vamp girls.” Janet smiled grimly, and then went on.

“I’m guessing they won’t need us at all at that point… so they’ll just either sell us on or destroy us, and we lose that way too.”

“So what are we gonna do then, J.?”

Diana had tears in her eyes now; it was unclear whether they were from her dire assessment of their seemingly hopeless situation or the effort of holding back from wetting herself, or possibly a combination of the two.

“Don’t worry, Di… I’ll think of something, I swear.” Janet said, and smiled at her friend. She'd always been the smart one.

Suddenly that familiar and hateful voice rang out from downstairs.

“OK, you little panty wetter bitches, you’d better both be full to bursting and ready to pee, because… yes, kiddies... you know what time it is now... "

With an evil cackle,"It’s SHOWTIME!”, Kris declared gleefully as she appeared in the middle of their room with lengths of red and black nylon rope at the ready in her left hand.

She smiled that evil grin of hers now and raised her right hand while Diana looked on in terror. As soon as Kris snapped her fingers, both girls began to wet themselves uncontrollably now, helpless to prevent their bodies from obeying their conditioning.

Diana started to sob as she felt herself releasing what felt like an ocean of clear and fragrant urine into her jeans, bending over as they finally became soaked with her hot pee and it dripped over her bare feet onto the floor. Meanwhile, Janet was down on her hands and knees, her wee squirting out in a strong stream and wetting her cotton panties and her thighs under her denim mini, her blushing face averted. Her puddle on the floor joined with Diana's now as Kris looked on, laughing at the two of them and enjoying every second of their humiliation and distress.

"Uh-oh, poor little girls just couldn't hold it in anymore, eh? Tsk, tsk... well, looks like it's time for a bit of a refill, doesn't it?" the little red headed vampire said with that evil smile on her pretty lips again.

"I'd better go get the catheters..."

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*365*2014-03-07 13:46

Friday, Friday, gotta post a chapter on Friday... so, another little trip back in time, and although this week's installment is short in length, it is an important piece of the puzzle that is SoB. And once more, our circle of friends is entwined with some famous characters...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 44)

INFORMATION PLEASE (The Secretary)

London, England 1996

(sound track: Autumn Leaves, by Hank Garland)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/TL_G9Y_buks?feature=oembed"

The telephone sitting on the old oak desk rang just once.

The older woman sitting behind the desk answered it promptly, just as she’d been trained to, just as she had for many years. She gave a mild start of surprise when the security code was entered, however.

0013 was inactive, and had been for a very long time…

Only a few veterans like herself would even recognize that code now. It hadn’t been used since she was a young woman first starting out as a secretary with the company, back in the 1960s.

“Peter Kushkin! What a pleasant surprise! We haven’t heard from you since you left the company; what have you been doing all this time?”

“Oh, this and that, keeping busy… it’s a long story.”

“You haven’t been freelancing now, have you, you naughty boy? Well, you’ll have to stop by the office and take me to lunch one of these days and tell me all about it,” the woman said with a dry laugh. “So, what can I do for you, my dear Peter? I’m guessing this isn’t a social call.”

“Still the same Moneypenny… “ Peter said with an answering chuckle. “I need some information on a woman named Judith von Sas, last known residence rue Rabelais, Paris.”

“Hold on, I’ll check the database now… hmmm, access to that file appears to be restricted for some reason.”

“Surely that won’t be a problem; not for a woman of your talents, Moneypenny,” Peter said.

“Flatterer,” the woman said, but nonetheless she couldn't help smiling at the compliment from a former field agent, and one of the very best at that. In time, he might have even surpassed their most renowned man, 007.

“Just give me a minute, and I’ll see what I can do.”

Even as she spoke, the woman was pulling up the relevant file with a few deft keystrokes and clicks of her mouse, and what she saw there made her blanch with fear.

“Peter, what in heaven's name have you gotten yourself mixed up in? Do you have any idea who or what this woman is?”

“Oh, I have some idea, alright; we’ve already met once... and heaven's got nothing to do with it. Go on, tell me what you've got.”

“Judith von Sas, born in Romania, August 6th, either 1841 or 1845 depending on which source you choose to believe, to a wealthy aristocratic German family with large land holdings in Romania. Speaks fluent Hungarian, Romanian, Turk, German, French and English. She used the name 'Florence' during the time she was married to Samuel Baker, the famous explorer and big game hunter. Allegedly died on 11th of March 1916 at the estate she had shared with her husband in Sandford Orleigh, Devon aged 74. Supposedly buried in the Baker family vault at Grimley, near Worcester, although her name was never recorded officially. Now it gets really interesting though...

"She reappeared in Paris shortly after the end of the first World War, using the name Judith von Szasz, which was later Anglicized to von Sas. Contemporary photographs show a woman who is apparently in her late 20s… and quite lovely, I might add.”

Miss Moneypenny felt a brief twinge of jealousy as she looked at the pictures in the woman’s file. There was virtually no difference in photographs taken almost 100 years ago and the last ones from the 1980s, apart from the clothes she was wearing, which were always quite fashionable.

Bloody vampires, she thought, and then laughed to herself at her turn of phrase.

“She's presently in Cannes." Moneypenny paused briefly, then continued.

"Peter... the annotation is DNA/NOTW… Do Not Approach/Not Of This World.”

No wonder the file had been restricted.

"I've no other choice... she's got Vicky," Peter replied tersely.

"I need a big favour, Moneypenny. I'm going to need some equipment in France, and fast."

"Send me your list, Peter. It will all be there waiting for you when you arrive."

"Moneypenny, you're a gem."

"A rare gem, and don't you ever forget it!" the woman retorted with a smile.

It was almost like old times again.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

(apologies to Ian Fleming)

*369*2014-03-07 21:38

{{: 

I've only read a couple of chapters of this story and am wondering are there any other chapters. That have Janet and Diana as the main characters or feature them in some way?

}}

Only a couple of chapters ???

Try SoB Pt. 25, DOLLS IN THE PLAYHOUSE... the two of them are featured in that chapter also.

{{: 

Wow, I'm loving the extra dimension and air of mystery Peter has evolved in this one! From past events I’ve come to expect the unexpected, but it’s another totally surprising turn of events even for me! Its unpredictability is one of the many things, in fact, that makes SoB so amazing; that along with some of the finest writing, storytelling, and literary craftsmanship I’ve ever seen! Amazing work my friend, and yet again you’ve left me smiling wide and contemplating the future of the tale with excitement and enthusiasm! Thank you for another exquisite chapter Frosty! Love it, love it, love you! <3

}}

Peter is a very cool fellow, and has been right from the start.

*371*2014-03-07 21:43

{{: 

I found myself captivated by the music video before I began reading the story. Usually I just let the music run in the background, but today I watched and listened to it in its entirety first.

}}

That is a really great video, and i love the fact that it had you hooked. Keep following along, there's still more to come !

{{: 

I must say you're really good when it comes to picking music to accompany the chapters, the songs manage to fit the mood perfectly.

}}

TYVM, i do try to match the tracks to the feeling and pacing of each chapter, and i love being able to include soundtracks, it makes things that much more 'cinematic'...

So glad you are enjoying them !

{{: 

Thanks for the heads up... any plans to have them both in another chapter?

}}

Oh, they'll be back...

*374*2014-03-15 12:24

Apologies for the slight delay in posting this latest chapter...

One of the main characters in this one is kind of difficult, and i had to wait for just the right moment to ask certain questions in order to get the facts right.

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 45)

IN THE MARKET FOR LOVE (Judith and Samuel)

Vidin, Bulgaria (Ottoman Empire) 1859

(sound track: I’m A Slave 4 U, performed by Britney Spears)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Mzybwwf2HoQ?feature=oembed"

Judith is rescued from the slave market by Samuel Baker.

She stood out in the marketplace because of her pale skin and her blonde hair.

So different from the other girls on offer, despite being clothed in the same rather revealing outfit of green translucent harem pants through which a glimpse of purple knickers could be seen, and a tiny metallic brassiere made from brass formed into overlapping round plates which barely managed to contain her shapely bosom.

As the two men looked on, the girl was squirming in place, obviously quite desperate. Samuel found it to be no less attractive a feature than her physical attributes. She was of medium height, with a bit of what the French would call ‘rondeur’ to her, neither skinny nor fat, but obviously female and nubile in the curve of her breasts and hip bones and bottom.

Her facial features made her appear a classic beauty, at least by the standards of the early 1800s, which is what he tended to prefer in women. Old fashioned, his friends called him, but he did not care in the slightest.

“How much for that one?” Samuel asked the merchant.

“You have good taste, Effendi, and a keen eye for quality,” the swarthy Armenian in the tasseled fez said, almost as if he were talking about a horse or a carpet. “Apologies; she is already sold, and destined for the Ottoman Pasha of Vidin. Selected by him personally, I might add.”

He exposed a set of strangely sharp yellow teeth as he smiled.

“What did he pay? Whatever it was, I’ll be glad to offer you more.”

“The only reason you have seen her is that they are due to come for her later today. I brought her to the market so that they might fetch her more easily. But I repeat, she is most definitely not for sale; it would not be worth my life, should you offer me even ten times the considerable sum the Pasha has paid me for her.”

“Come on Samuel, you heard the man… she’s not for sale,” his friend said, tugging at his arm.

As the two men rounded the corner, Samuel said, “I want her… I must have her. There is something quite irresistible about her.”

“Are you sure, Sam?” Maharajah Duleep Singh asked.

“I have never been more sure of anything in my entire life, my friend. That is the girl I shall spend the rest of my life with, or I shall surely abandon living.”

“Then I suppose we had better come up with a plan to rescue her, or she shall be in the Pasha’s harem by nightfall, my friend.”

###

The two adventurers had decided that the best time to rescue the girl would be after the Pasha’s men had taken possession of her and were bringing her back to his harem. The slave market was too crowded for a rapid escape, and once inside the Pasha’s harem she would certainly be well guarded.

At the outskirts of the market, they waited patiently on horseback for the carriage transporting the slave girl to pass, then followed at a distance behind it for a while until they came to the spot they had chosen, a narrow passage where they would be out of sight for a brief moment. Before the carriage could enter it, Samuel’s friend spurred on his powerful charger, riding ahead. When the carriage was fully engaged in the passage, he turned his mount rapidly to block their path while Samuel came up from behind. The two of them now trained their rifles on the three men who were accompanying the girl, two inside the carriage and one at the reins.

“We mean you no harm; we are only here for her,” Samuel said. “We will trade gold for her, enough for you to make a new life elsewhere.”

The man at the reins of the carriage tied them off and quickly jumped to the ground. He bared his teeth, exposing sharp fangs as he did.

“A new life… these two may be tempted by your offer, but such a thing is not possible for me. That is exactly why my master sent me along on this errand,” he said. Suddenly he lunged towards Sam, long clawlike fingernails extending from his outstretched hands as he did.

“Sweet Krishna, he is a vampire! You must shoot for the heart, Sam!” his friend exclaimed.

Without hesitation, Sam did as he was told. His keen hunter’s reflexes served him well, as always, and he shot fast and true.

As the rifle bullet struck the man in mid-air, he dropped to the ground with an eerie wail of pain and rolled rapidly back and forth there a few times in extreme agony, then turned to dust before their eyes.

The two remaining men held up their hands in surrender.

“You may take the girl,” one of the two robed men said. “We have no desire to die here this day.”

The Mararajah kept his rifle aimed at the men while Sam put up his gun and rummaged in his saddlebag for a moment before finding what he was looking for.

“A deal is a deal,” Samuel said as he tossed a small but heavy leather sack to one of the men, who caught it in his eager hands. He opened it and looked inside before smiling broadly at his companion.

“She is yours,” he said to the bearded man on horseback before him. “For that price, you may have the carriage, too… it would be better if it were not found too quickly.”

He laughed before turning to his friend and said, “Come, we must disappear now, before the Pasha has word of this.”

As they faded into the rapidly descending darkness of the night, the second man turned and called back over his shoulder.

“Good luck with her; she is as much a demon as that other!”

Maharajah Duleep Singh quickly tied their horses to the back of the carriage, then pulled himself up into the driver's seat to take the reins while Samuel opened the door and stepped up to take a seat across from the girl now.

"To the ferry now, and quickly, my friend!" Samuel fairly shouted. It had all gone as planned so far, but they were nowhere near out of danger yet.

"HYAAAH!" Duleep Singh cried as he slapped the horses' backs lightly with the reins. The well-trained beasts responded instantly, taking off at a rapid gallop, the sound of their hooves striking the road a mirror to the pounding of Samuel's heart as the flow of adrenaline slowly drained from his system.

He looked over towards the beautiful girl on the blood red plush velvet seat across from him and smiled now.

At this speed, they would be at the ferry in no time at all, and from there across the Danube to Calafat. In no time at all, they would be in Romania, and then... what?

He hadn't thought that far ahead. All Samuel knew was that they would be together now, and until death do us part, he thought.

Speaking as softly and gently as he could, he now addressed her directly.

“What is your name, girl? Oh, right; you probably can't understand a word I'm saying, can you?” He repeated the question in French, and then in Romanian.

“Flooey…. Florenz is my name,” she stammered, her face still tilted down towards the floor of the carriage. She had been trained never to look her master in the eye, and far as she knew, this strange bearded man was now her master.

“Look at me when I speak to you, my dear, don’t be afraid. You are no longer a slave.” He cupped her chin gently and tilted her face upwards, and their eyes met for the first time.

She has lovely eyes... the kind a man could get lost in forever, he thought.

Samuel continued, now speaking not really to her but more to himself.

“I think that we had better lay low for a bit in any case. Maybe an expedition to Africa would be in order. We’ll be harder to find If we are on safari, in case the Pasha decides to come after you."

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

