Summer with Snape - Page 25

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*601*2013-09-24 23:15

Yes, I am finally get back into the swing of things kinda. Life took a swing at me, and I nearly told it to fuck off....but I didnt...so here I am..enjoy this. I finished it just now.

Chapter 97

Ron and Sirius had been right, because the minute they had flown back to Prince Manor, Severus had been angry when he had found out what Harry had suffered. It had taken the man the better part of the next day and the day after to assure the child that it was alright, and that his Professor just hadn’t known. The sad part was Severus wasn’t sure if Harry would be comfortable enough to do it again, so he just hoped for the best. And he promised himself that he would talk to the wolf as soon as they returned to school.

There was only a week left of their Christmas Holiday and Harry was currently playing with all of his new toys, while Severus was downstairs working on his grading. The little boy had long since finished his own winter work, which is why he was playing and not like Ron stuck at home until he completed it. He sighed, he was getting bit bored playing by himself but he didn’t want to disturb his father in one of his silly games. Gesturing to Paddy who had been laying out on the floor Harry grabbed his wellies and put them on.

He made his way downstairs, careful not to slip and headed to the backdoor. He passed his dad's study on the way, but the man didn’t even notice him. He didn't want to disturb the man as Snape could be a real grouch if Harry was being too loud. He simply put on his coat and zipped up and headed outside. He gasped as he looked around, he had forgotten that just last night, a fresh snow had fallen and the backyard looked beautiful. He hesitated at the door wondering if he should tell his father he was going outside before shaking his head. He was in his appropriate winter wear. Giggling he hurried outside making sure to close the door behind Paddy.

Harry took off in the backyard, having a blast as he played with his dog. He made snow angels, and snowmen and the like. The little spent a few hours playing in the sun before he started to get bored. He laughed as he entertained himself by spinning around in circle to get himself dizzy. Paddy had long since retired to sit on the back porch watching him. He had never felt more great, he had a home and nothing else could ruin this.

As he fell into the snow he laughed again, and noticed that his kite from the summer was still in the tree. He frowned, his daddy had told him that he had gotten it down, but he could see it clear as day. Standing up, he hurried towards the tree. He could see the snow on it, but the little boy didn’t stop to think that their would ice on the branches. He didn’t care, all he wanted was the kite. It had memories attached to it, and he wanted to bring it to his room. So Harry started climbing, his rubber soles on his boots, allowing a bit of leverage on the tree for him to hang on. He stilled for a moment when he heard a warning growl from Paddy.

“Hush Paddy, I'll be fine, I know what I'm doing,” he told him quieting the dog as he looked up and focused on his task.

The little boy climbed up, he was no stranger to heights or risks, and he didn’t think of much of what he was doing. He soon reached the top where kite was. He stretched out and with a triumphant grin he freed the kite. He pulled it close to him, not trusting the fact that if he let it go, it would fall to the ground. He didn’t want it to get stuck again. With the kite under his arm he started to climb back down. He looked back the porch, only to notice that Paddy was laying down, but standing stiffly there as he stared at him. He smiled, and moved to wave at the dog that he was fine, when it all started to go wrong from there.

As soon as he waved, his balance started to waver, and the kite slipped. And acting completely on instinct Harry reached for it. The kite fell, and so did Harry, with a loud scream.

“Ahhh!” Harry screamed fearfully as he started falling from the tree, he could hear Paddy's loud barks, as he grabbed air. He managed to take hold of a branch, but it was in vain as his fingers were so cold, having taken off his gloves when he started climbing the little boy just couldnt hold on and he fell.

“Daddy!” He shrieked, closing his eyes, not wanting to see it when he met the ground. He gasped out as he hit the snow covered ground with a thud, the impact taking his breath away.

In his office, Severus stilled as he heard his son's scream, and at first he had thought the child was kidding until, he heard this terrified yell of Daddy and then like a bag had fallen. The constant barking of the dog, did nothing to quell his fears, and he took off out of his office, and outside where he heard the scream.

“Harry!” He yelled as he ran over to the base of the tree to find his son sprawled out underneath it.

Severus could see his legs twisted in an awkward angle, so he knew immediately that they were broken. What scared him to his core was that Harry didn’t speak. He was afraid to move the child and he didn’t want to use magic, afraid to make it worse. Those were the worse five second's of life, until he heard Harry take a deep breath before he bust out into tears.

“I fell, and it hurts! And Daddy my leg! My legs!” Harry screamed out hysterically.

Severus winced, his wand already out as he ran a diagnostic scan over Harry to learn what he already knew. He summoned a pain potion, along with a numbing one. He didn’t want his son in any type of pain. They wouldn't cure his broken legs however, no he needed a bone mending potion, and after restocking the infirmary he had neglected to restock his own stores with it. He had no idea he would regret it so fast.

“Drink this for Daddy, I'm going to make you feel better,” he promised as he lifted up his son's neck and pressed the vial to his lips.

Harry continued to cry but he managed to drink both potions, and the effects were instantaneous. He gulped them down tearfully, but noticed the pain had edged away. He looked up at his daddy and sniffled sadly.

“I'm sorry,” Harry told him miserably and wondering if he was in trouble.

“You've nothing to be sorry for, let me just get you inside,” Severus told him quietly.

He would get the whole story but for now he was focusing solely on his son's injuries. He gently picked up the boy, only just noticing how Paddy didn’t bark at him, then thinking back that the dog had long since stopped. He didn’t dwell on it too much as he took his child into the sitting room where the Christmas tree was still set up. They would take it down, just after New Years.

“What's wrong with my legs? Why can't I move them?” Harry hiccuped out.

“They're broken child, but I'm going to fix them. The reason you cannot move them, is because you are numbed from the waist down,” he explained to him.

“Is it permanent?” Harry asked horrified.

“Of course it's not, just until I give you the bone mending potion that I need to make,” Severus told him.

“Oh,” Harry said, still a bit wary but trusting his father.

“It's also important that if you feel at any time that you need to use the toilet, call me as soon as you feel it. You wont be able to walk to it, and I daresay you will need more then a bit of help going as well,” Severus warned him.

“Okay, I will,” Harry told him as settled onto the couch.

“Did you want anything before I go into my lab?” Severus asked.

“Could I have some of my Christmas toys?” Harry asked shyly.

Severus smiled and summoned the items and set them within range of his son. “Now I will be back to check on you, but it's going to take 3 hours to make it. I want it potent, so their will be no lasting effects on you,”

Harry didn’t fully understand all his father was saying but he nodded that he did, grinned as the man kissed his hair before he disappeared out the room. He turned to look at Paddy who had laid down just under him next to the couch.

“Sorry I didn’t listen to you,” Harry told him softly.

Sirius only barked mournfully, the small boy would never know how much it hurt the man to watch his godson fall. How close he had been close to revealing himself, but had only just held off. He would never know how guilty he felt, but Remus was right. If he revealed himself too soon, he would lose Harry forever and he himself would be given the kiss before he could blink.

Meanwhile in the lab Severus was cursing himself, he should had been watching the child, instead of getting caught up in his paperwork. He was only glad that nothing else had been broken. This was easy, and one he finished this potion, Harry would be right as rain. He occluded the feeling of inadequacy away in favor if gathering the ingredients.

He didn’t want Harry to wait anymore time then he had too. There was no room in his mind for a ruin potion, and wasted ingredients. He wished for a moment that Tigger wasn’t at Hogwarts doing something for Albus. As then he wouldn't feel like he was neglecting his child. Shaking the thoughts away he focused completely on chopping up the roots.

Harry was entertaining himself, telling stories to Paddy about how he loved it here, and how much Snape had changed his life. He knew the dog was interested in hearing it as his ears perked every time he took a breath to speak. He moved from the story telling to play with his toys. It was about 2 hours later when he reached to grab the coloring book from the floor, when Harry first felt it, the first sign that he was on his way to be in trouble if he didn’t say something now.

His bladder was definitely more then a little full. He frowned, figuring in his shock and fear he hadn't noticed it when his dad had asked him about it earlier, but now he was truly aware and he didn’t like it. He dropped the book to the ground and sat up the best he could, and turned his eyes to to empty doorway expectant.

“Dad! I need help!” He called out, before quieting. He frowned wondering if his father heard him. He knew the lab had wards, and for the first time he had to wonder if their were wards that prevented noises. It wouldn't do for the man to be startled when he was working on a particularly volatile potion. Harry wiggled on the couch the best he could as he stared at Paddy for a moment.

“I dont think Dad can hear me, but maybe if I call Tigger. He can get Dad for me,” Harry said in a sudden moment of clarity. “Tigger!”

Harry frowned at the space in front of his, stayed empty. He looked around in confusion before calling the house elf again a few more times. He sighed sadly as he tried to ignore the hurt feeling that was creeping in his chest. Now what was he supposed to do? He knew as his bladder pulsed that he didn’t have a lot of time, and he figured if he could just make it out into the hallway then his daddy could hear him right? He hoped so as he wasn’t sure how else he could get to the toilet.

The little boy took a breath before shrugging off the blanket his daddy had put over him in favor of using his arms and slowing getting off the sofa. He was greatful that Paddy had the sense to mood. Harry made a small oof sound as he collided with the ground his stomach, getting the brunt of it to his displeasure. He could see Paddy looking at him in confusion.

“I need the toilet, and no one's answering me,” Harry whined out.

Not really expecting an answer, but the dog at least lost the confused expression. He started to do a small crawl the best he could, but the little boy was quickly tiring. The potions had properties that usually helped ones body rest hence the sluggishness. He ended up in the middle of the floor with his head on the carpet, trying his hardest to catch his breath. He needed to make it, or he was going to wet himself. He swore softly, that would have earned him a soap washing if his father was here, but he needed to lash out at the unfairness of it all. He struggle to pull himself up to his knees, sniffling as he did so. He couldnt feel his legs, so there was no pain there. But it was discomfort at the fact that he was rendered useless.

Trying one last go, he managed to stand up on his legs, only to fall forward with a thud on the carpet floor. He groaned out miserably and from pain and shock that went straight to his bladder. He couldn't do this, he had to go now. The little boy was besides himself as he struggled not to cry and lose his bladder control.

“Dad help! Please Snape help me!” He screamed out, knowing using both titles usually called the man in here. He didn’t really notice that Paddy took off out the room at that scream. He could care less at the moment, he had to pee! He groaned as his bladder spasmed as he tried to pull himself across the carpet some more, before he felt a warm gush, and he gasped as he was barely able to stop it.

He choked on a sob. “Dad help me please! Please Daddy I need you!” He yelled out, before he turned his face into the carpet as his bladder involuntarily released. He was powerless to stop it, and the sobbing little boy didn’t even try. Through his tearful cries, he starts becoming aware of the frantic barking and scratching one what he presumed was a door.

Severus was currently in the process of waiting for the potion to cool, and then bottling it so he could take it out to Harry. He smiled a rare smile, it was perfect and his son would be good as new if not better after he drank this. His smile, quickly turned into a frown as he heard the frantic scratching and barking the moment he took the potion off the flame. His eyes, widen as he knew there was only one reason why the dog would even come to him..Harry!

He hurried out the door, the dog growling at him slightly as he rushed back into the sitting room. Before he could reach the doorway, he heard the gut-wrenching sobs coming from within it, and his heart dropped. Had the potion's wore off and his son had been in terrible pain and couldn't get to him? How stupid could he be? He rushed into the room, only to see his son on the floor.

“Harry, child what happened?” He asked, as he knelt down on the side of him. He frowned and looked down as the knee of his trouser touched wetness.

“You didn’t come! And I called for you like you said!” Harry screamed out miserably through his tears as he kept his head buried in the carpet. He could smell the acrid scent of his accident and it made him so angry. Knowing that this accident, wasn’t his fault.

“Oh child,” Severus said regretfully as he touched the carpet and smelled the offending liquid and then heard his child's answer. “I am so sorry, I didn’t hear you,”

“Right, you ignored me,” Harry sniffled out sadly.

“I didn’t Harry, my wards. I thought I had lowered them but I guess, I was so worried about your fall that I didn’t realize it. My child,” Severus stated regretfully.

Harry could hear the regret in the man's tone, but he wasn’t yet ready to forgive at the moment. He was still wet and sad and angry.

Severus sighed but he didn’t blame his child, he simply picked him up and carried him up the stairs, and got his washed and dressed in some clean clothes. He set the child on his bed as he summoned the potion that would end this mess.

“Can you drink this for Daddy?” He asked softly. The child had yet to speak to him since his apology, and Severus couldn't really blame it, but it did hurt his heart.

Harry took the potion silently watching as the man stood up. He didn’t want Snape to leave but at the same time, he couldn't stand the thought of the man being next to him right now. He simply said nothing and let the man walk out of his room, before turning his head into his pillow.

Severus walked out of the room silently, still angry with himself rightly so, how in the hell could he forget to take down the wards. How could he just ignore Harry like that? He knows even as Harry said nothing that his bladder once more has suffered a setback because of that episode. Snape shakes his head mournfully hoping that the rest of the winter break wasn’t ruined before of his one careless mistake.

*603*2013-09-25 17:26

{{: 

Amazing. Just simply amazing. I loved it. I am so glad you came back.

}}

So am I, I really missed writing this story!

*608*2013-10-15 10:58

So uh, I got a bit carried away with this chapter, but it had to set the tone for the rest of the story. The rest of the chapters might be this long as I'm really trying to end it at 101 chapters. It will have a bunch of one shots, I think but at the moment, I'm focusing on finishing the story. I do not abandon my stories.

Chapter 98

The rest of the winter break had been a bit too much tension for Harry and Severus. The Potion Master knew that he was at fault, and it hurt his heart to have his child look at him like that. He had tried hard to remain patient, and it seemed to be working thankfully, even if it was slow going. He didn’t know how he would handle it if Harry continue to ignore him. The man looked up from his papers, noting for the first time that he wasn’t alone anymore. He could see Harry on the couch, coloring in one of his activity book. And he could only hope that this was the end of the punishment for both of them. After all they return to school tomorrow morning.

“We return to the school tomorrow. Are you eager to get back to your friends?” Severus asked conversationally.

Harry nodded silently. “I wanna see Mione,” he replied softly. He was feeling a bit out of sorts the past few days. He had been ducking his father's attempts at apologies and comforts, and the little boy was miserable. But he wanted Snape to understand something, but not at the expense of himself.

“I'm sure she's anxious to see both you and Mr. Weaseley,” Severus replied soothingly.

“Yeah, I hope so,” Harry said seriously before startling as the floo started to ring. He looked at his father fearfully but the man only calmly stood up.

“Severus it's me Lucius, would it be alright if I came through?” The Aristocrat's voice resounded through the fireplace.

The man in question suddenly turned sharply to look at Harry who had taken on a terrified expression as he was not in the disguise of Emery Prince . “Go to your room Harry, and take the potion next to the bed,” he told him in a hushed tone. He knew that Harry would definitely be unable to stay away to see what the blonde man was doing here, and he would be safer if he was in his 'Emery' persona.

“Okay,” the little boy replied quickly before running out the room and back upstairs.

He was very curious to know why Mr. Malfoy was doing here, not to mention the little boy had taken a bit of fondness for the man. He actually liked the man and his family, at least when he wasn’t Harry Potter. He drank the contents of the vial in one gulp and waited for it to take effect.

Severus strode over to the fireplace and unlocked it for his friend to come through. He was very glad that he had sent Harry upstairs when he saw that the man wasn’t alone. He had brought Draco with him, though he noted the time at 7:00pm and knew that they probably wouldn't be staying that long.

“Sorry to just barge in like this Severus, but Narcissa insisted that I floo you tonight,” Lucius said apologetically as he took a seat. He could see from the chair that he was sitting a child's coloring book and a cluster of crayons, so he knew that Emery wasn’t yet gone.

“That's alright Lucius,” Severus told him as he took a seat across from him and called his house elf for tea.

“Where is Emery?” Draco asked finally when it became apparent that the men were about to have a talk. He didn’t want to hear what they had to say, and he wanted to see what kinds of things the boy got for Christmas.

“Upstairs, knowing him he should be coming back down,” Severus replied, his lips quirking into a smirk as the sound of feet was soon heard coming down the steps. And a few moment's later the boy burst back into the study, his eyes big.

“Uncle Lucius!” Harry yelled out childishly as he ran to the man who quickly got out of the chair and picked him up and spun him around to the surprise of both Draco and Severus.

“Well hello there Emery. I thought I wouldn't get a chance to see you before you left,” Lucius told the small boy and he tickled his sides.

Harry giggled as he hugged the man tightly. This is what he would miss most when 'Emery' went away. He and his father hadn't talked about it yet, but he knew that the disguise wouldn't last forever. He knew that he couldn't always hide. He would miss the fact that Lucius Malfoy treated him like he wished his own Uncle had; but he would enjoy it until it was over.

“Uncle Lucius?” Draco asked with a frown as he contemplated that. This was a first for him, and the Professor.

“Well you call my Dad, Uncle Severus. It's the same isn't it?” Harry said with a pout.

“Yes it's the same little one, Draco was merely curious,” Lucius said smoothly once he saw the pout. He did however give his son a stern look, now was not the time to start fights.

“Oh, okay,” Harry said with a sigh as turned to steady himself by putting his arm around the man's shoulder.

“So where were we Lucius? What brings you and Draco here tonight? I would have thought that you would have been preparing him to go back to Hogwarts tomorrow,” Severus said as they retook their seats.

“We have, but as I said Narcissa wasn’t sure when Emery went back with his other relatives,” the blonde stated carefully. “And she wanted me to see if he would be around the 9th of January or so,” he said seeing the man's eyes narrowing.

“What's happening on the 9th?” Harry blurted out before his father could speak.

“Uncle Severus's birthday, he doesn't like to celebrate it. But mother wants to take him out to dinner, and you as well. So I hope you're going to be there, otherwise I'll have no one to talk too,” Draco told him as the men seemed to be silently conversing above their heads.

“Oh, Daddy am I still going to be here?” Harry asked softly, as Lucius set him down. He didn’t need to know that the two blondes in the room were openly staring at him. They had known he was Severus's son for a while, but they had never heard him address the man, so casually.

“Why wouldn't you be? Father says that with your mum gone, Uncle Severus is your only remaining guardian,” Draco drawled out

Severus sighed as he gave Harry a look, his dark eyes calculating and trying to think this through. By their story, he was supposed to have gotten rid of Emery, but he now realized the flaw in their plans. Why had he he said that the child's mum had died, where else would he go? How were they going to get through this, he could see when the eyes soon shifted to him and he forced his face blank.

“We will have to see, I do not know if that will be possible as I work at Hogwarts. I've had that job for years, and with your sudden appearance, I don't want to put that in jeopardy,” Severus replied slowly.

Harry hung his head silently, knowing now was not the time to have this conversation. The hand of the blonde's aristocrat on his shoulder suddenly felt heavy. Guess this was the end of then, he simply wasn’t allowed to have a father AND and Uncle figure who cared for him. His father didn't even want to see if they could find away around it. He blinked back the sudden tears as he wrenched himself from the blonde man. He moved to grab his coloring book and all of his crayons. Better make sure that it looks like once he's gone he won't be returning.

Severus didn’t need to make eye contact to see the inner turmoil in the child's eyes plain as day. He sighed as he turned to his tea, as the boy suddenly ran out of the room.

“Emery!” Draco called out giving his own father a look before soon following after the small boy.

Lucius had been quiet during the whole conversation as it wasn’t his business. But now that the boys were gone, he turned his eyes to his friend to let him have it and know how utterly ridiculous he was being.

Draco meanwhile had caught up with Harry who was shoving the crayons and crayons in a drawer, sniffling slightly. He didn’t turn around when he heard his door open, knowing that it was Draco. What did it matter? After tomorrow, Emery would cease to exist anymore and Draco Malfoy would go back to hating who he really was; Harry Potter. He had never had a cousin who he enjoyed being around, and once he got one he didn’t want to let him go.

“I guess this is goodbye then,” Harry said softly.

“No it's not Emery don't think like that. Father will get Uncle Severus to see reason.” Draco said confidently.

Harry shrugged as if he didn’t care, besides prolonging it only made it harder on him in the long run. He glanced at the clock to see it at 8:30, and he knew they both had school tomorrow. And he himself was a right grouch if he didn’t get his recommended sleep.

“If you say so Draco,” he mumbled out as he walked over to his bed and pulled his pajamas from under his pillow and proceeded to get dressed. He didn’t care that Draco was in there, after all they were both boys anyway.

“I know so Emery,” he replied seriously.

Harry had to smile at that, he could hear the over protectiveness in the the boy's tone. Was this what having an older brother was like?

“What's that?” Draco asked quietly, his eyes narrowing as he looked at the younger boy.

Harry stilled from where he had been pulling on his t-shirt. “What's what?”

“The scar, on your arm,” Draco replied slowly as he pointed too it.

Harry grimaced as he recognized the scar, from where the basilisk’s fang had gotten him. The bloody bite, still gave him nightmares. “Snake bite,” he replied honestly.

“Oh must have been a hell of a snake,” Draco said with a horrified tone. “That looked liked it hurt alot,”

“It did, but it was a couple years ago,” Harry said with a nonchalant shrug before he finished putting on his shirt. He ran over to his dresser drawer and slyly wrapped his nighttime underwear in his pajama bottoms before giving his guest a shy look.

Draco was nodding thoughtfully, wondering what type of snake bit the child when he noticed the look he was now getting. “What?”

“I...I'm going to go to the toilet, to get dressed and stuff. Is that okay?” Harry said politely.

“Yeah that's fine. It's your house Emery, you don't have to ask me, but I thank you anyway,” Draco told him as he took a seat on the bed.

Harry nodded, smiling shyly at the boy before he ran out the room and to the bathroom to get dressed for bed.

###

The next day found Severus and Harry flooing back to Hogwarts. Harry didn’t want to take the train back, and risk the possibly of running into Draco. He didn’t honestly think he could handle fighting the boy. Draco had shown another side to himself when he was Emery, and he hated that they had to go back to fighting. He didn’t dwell on it, the same way that he had countered his father whenever he tried to bring up never being Emery Prince ever again. He didn’t want to talk about it, or deal with it.

The first day back passed by without any problems, and Harry was happy to see that Ron caught Hermione up on everything that they had done over break together. He mostly stayed silent to himself, especially at Dinner when the Headmaster had announced if anyone was currently missing a dog. Paddy was his, and he couldn't even fathom if someone turned out to claim the dog. His rest that night wasn’t restful, and he spent the whole night tossing and turning, having nightmares of Paddy being taken away from him forever and he just couldn't handle it. The little boy woke up the next morning, in a foul mood.

Add to the fact that they had double potions with the Slytherins and the young Gryffindor was being a right git. He trudged down to the dungeon classroom with his classmates and friends and they took their seat. He could see the lines on his father's face once he appeared in the man's classroom to know that he hadn't sleep well either. After sitting next to Ron for about 2 minutes, he found himself sighing along with the rest of the class as they were assigned partners, and of course who would he be with; Draco Malfoy.

Harry frowned but he slowly made his way to the other side of the room, knowing that Draco would never get up. He took a seat with a loud exaggerated sigh, wincing as he saw the look his father shot at him. He straightened up before turning his gaze to look at the Slytherin.

“Malfoy,” Harry said quietly, but without his usual venom. So much had changed between them, but the sad part of it was that Draco didn’t even know.

“Potter,” Draco muttered as he got up to grab the ingredients for the potion they would be making. It was a simple burn paste, so Draco had no worries not that he would anyway, but at least Potter couldn't mess anything up.

Harry eyes flicked to Snape, the man was currently walking around the classroom, checking on his classmates. Harry knew the potion they were making and he set the cauldron over the flame while the Slytherin started to prepare them.

“It says to dice them Malfoy, not slice them,” Harry muttered after a moment while he watched the blonde work.

“Oh yeah, you think you can do better Potter. I'll have you know that I do know what I'm doing,” Draco replied haughtily, very much aware that he had messed up. He knew once he reread it that he had gotten the cutting wrong.

“I will, here hand me the knife,” Harry replied confidently.

He wanted to show Draco a bit of his skills, he couldn't understand just what it was in him that made him want to make the other boy proud. He shook his head, he wasn’t making any sense. Harry looked at the root and and quickly shoved up the sleeves on his robes and got to work. He was so into his work, he didn’t hear the soft gasp of the Slytherin boy next to him, when his arm revealed the same scar that he had just seen on Emery only a day ago.

Draco's eyes flicked to Snape, and back to Harry for a moment before shaking his head in denial, this couldn't be could it? As he watched the boy work, he noticed how similar the mannerisms were to Emery. How had he not seen? And how could Snape do this to him? The blonde boy was strangely silent the rest of the lesson, trying to figure this out. His first thought was to owl his father, but something was holding him back. He had seen the way the man had held Emery, he didn’t know what to do, but common sense was telling him to shut up and leave it be. He sighed, and stayed in a contemplated mood, the rest of the period, with Harry none the wiser.

(1 Week Later)

Draco pulled on the dress shirt, that his mother had forced him to wear. Never mind that she wasn’t even at school with him. He would be seeing her in a couple hours and he didn’t want to bring her ire down on him if he chose to wear something else. He sighed, dreading this dinner. How could he go and pretend to be friendly with a kid that he knew was Potter? But he also knew that if he did anything to the boy, that Snape would kill him. And he had no desire to experience any embarrassment any time soon. The Slytherin sighed before he headed downstairs to wait in the common room for Snape to get him.

Severus was making sure that Harry had drank his potion. He hadn't had a chance to really sit down and talk to the boy about what they were going to do about Emery, but now was not the time. He looked at the child, who he noticed was giving him shy smile.

“Are you ready for us to go get Draco?” Severus asked him.

“Yeah,” Harry replied softly, though inwardly, he just wished the whole night was over. He hadn't been that oblivious. He had seen the other boy giving him looks this past week when he thought he wasn’t watching. And he was currently creeped out, he didn’t like being watched. He said nothing of how he was feeling and simply reached for his father.

“Emery, don't you think you're getting a bit old for this?” Severus sighed as he picked the child up.

Harry shook his head stubbornly, as he buried his head in his father's shoulder. “I just wanna be close to you,” he whispered out.

“What's got you so out of sorts?” Severus asked softly, but he only got a shrug for his troubles.

Severus said nothing else as he flooed with Harry to the Slytherin Common room to get Draco. He stepped out of the fireplace and after nodding to the child, they left. They were going to go to the edge of the Hogwart's boundary line before port keying out of there to the restaurant. Severus made sure that both boy's were holding the sock as they disappeared with a small pop.

They landed in front of the restaurant, and looked around for a moment trying to get a feel of their surroundings. It was a muggle restaurant but no one was around them, not to mention this was an expensive place so he had to wonder where everyone was. They didn’t have to wait for long when Lucius suddenly appeared.

“There you are, Narcissa is waiting for us inside,” Lucius told them, ruffling Harry's hair on the way as he led them inside.

“Where is everyone?” Severus asked curiously.

“We rented the place out for the night, more or less,” Lucius answered smoothly.

“I see,” he replied slowly. “Do not tell me you went all out for my birthday? You know I won't like that,” Severus warned him.

“Of course not, I did no such thing. Narcissa however, had no such qualms,” Lucius replied honestly, smiling when he heard his friend groan.

“It wont be so bad daddy,” Harry whispered in the man's ear. “We'll get to eat birthday cake,” he said happily.

“You would only be concerned about that,” Severus said dryly as they all headed into the restaurant.

Harry was soon set on his feet, and made to walk with Draco towards their table. He looked around the place in awe, as this was an extremely fancy place. And he knew that his Aunt Petunia would kill to be able to eat here. He giggled as he pictured that, earning him a funny look from the Slytherin. He figured, he'd better speak to the boy, which he was feeling good about as he missed talking with Draco.

“Hi Draco,” Harry said shyly, but his tone warm and inviting. He had forgotten just how young his voice sounded when he was in his Emery persona.

Draco stared at the small boy, unable to believe what he was seeing. If this was truly Potter(which he knew now) then why was the boy being so nice to him. He could hear it in his tone, and his smile was not at all fine. “Hello Emery, how have you been?”

“Good,” Harry replied cheerfully. That was all he needed to get over the initial shyness. After all Draco(as far as he knew) had no reason to suspect him. Harry continued to talk to the Slytherin even as they took their seat at the table.

Lucius was grinning at the interaction between the two children, and he wished that Emery was the same age as Draco once more. It would be great for the Malfoy heir to have one friend and cousin who liked him for him and not his name. He sighed, but there was nothing he could do for it.

“So little one, what have you been up too? Did you go to Hogwarts with Severus?” Lucius asked conversationally when the child had taken a breath in speaking.

Harry eye's widened as he turned to look at his father. They hadn't discussed this, and he had to refrain from automatically speaking that he was at Hogwarts. He had been, but Emery wasn’t, he forced a frown on his face and looked down at the table.

“No sir, I haven't gone to Hogwarts,” Harry replied softly.

“Then where have you been staying?” Narcissa piped in, a frown gracing her elegant face.

“In Hogsmeade, I have a flat there. Dad got it for me,” Harry replied, thinking that he was being smart but the gasps he got from both Lucius and Narcissa told him otherwise.

“Severus what were you thinking? He's 10 year old, we could have taken him in, if you truly despise having a child around you so much!” Narcissa said angrily.

Severus gritted his teeth, his infamous Snape glare, turning into the direction of his son, who nearly fell off his chair from how bad he had flinched. He toned it down, when he realized that Harry was shaking. “Sorry Emery, I forgot,” he murmured softly.

Draco was looking from each of them, his eyes narrowed but he wasn’t about to disrupt this conversation. He was never more then grateful then when their server appeared to take their orders.

Harry looked up suddenly, he didn’t know what to order and he looked to his dad for assistant. The man was currently in a staring contest of sorts with his Uncle Lucius and he sighed before turning to Draco. “What do I order to eat?”

“Whatever sounds good to you,” Draco replied simply.

“Well, what are you ordering?” Harry asked slyly.

Draco gave him a look that showed him he wasn’t fooled. “Filet Mignon, and mashed potatoes with sauteed squash,” he replied in a serious tone.

Harry's mouth dropped opened, he didn’t know what that was and he didn’t want it. He frowned, this wasn’t good, even if the mashed potatoes bit sounded good. “I want mashed potatoes too Daddy,” he told the man.

“Get something more then that, you need a meat and a vegetable,” Severus told him.

“Can I have baked chicken and broccoli?” Harry asked softly.

“Yes you can,” Narcissa replied as they ordered. “Now pick something to drink honey, and your done,” she told him.

Harry's eyes flicked to his watch and shook his head. It was only 6:30pm, but by the time they got the food it would be about 7pm. And his dad had been speaking about limiting his drinking after 7, and he didn’t think he would be allowed anything. “I'm not thirsty,” he mumbled.

“We're not starting tonight Emery, so you may have whatever you like,” Severus interjected before the other adults could question him.

Harry nodded happily, and ordered a fizzy cola drink with a grin, before turning back to Draco. As their waitress came back with their drinks, he immediately went for it, and gave her a grin when she laid down a coloring mat for him. “Thank you,” was the cheerful reply before the little boy went silent as he started coloring.

Draco frowned, as he silently observed the behavior of the other boy. He could see now, how he never saw Potter in Emery. They truly were two different people, even though they were one in the same. He noticed how happy the little boy looked and he sighed, knowing that he couldn't put this off anymore. He needed to talk to Emery now, but he wasn’t sure how to get the boy up without drawing suspicion. He didn’t stop to think that the answer would come to him soon.

As soon as the food came, all was forgotten as papers were moved aside and conversation was halted as everyone started to eat. Harry was grinning happily at his choice as he silently tucked in. The food was great and the soda was even better. He was still excited to see what the cake would look like. Harry was only halfway through his dinner when he felt the first jolt in his lower stomach, and his eyes immediately flicked over to his father who seemed to be in conversation with the elder Malfoy's again.

He knew already to have an accident in his dress trousers were out of the question but he also knew it would be rude to interrupt. Harry tried to ignore the urge, but like always once the child acknowledged it he couldn't ignore it and he was soon wiggling around in his chair. He turned to look at Draco, only to find the boy staring at him strangely, and he opened his mouth but the Slytherin beat him too it.

“Are you okay Emery?” Draco asked quietly, he was nearly sure he knew what was wrong.

Harry nodded but he bit his lip as he looked around the restaurant again. “I don't see the toilet, do you?” He asked softly.

Draco's suspicions were confirmed and he realized that he could use this to his advantage, and speak with the boy. He only hoped that the child wouldn't freak out. “Me either, but they have one here. Father would never dine in a place that didn’t have it,” he promised the boy.

“But I need to go though, and my dad is still talking with yours,” Harry said worriedly.

Draco sighed, this side of the boy he could remember seeing as Potter. When he had made the boy pee himself that horrible day. He would have regret until he was sure the child forgave him. He sighed before turning to look at the adults, he owed the boy this much.

“Excuse me Father, but I have an urgent question,” Draco stated formally. And like he knew it all eyes suddenly turned to him, or in his Professor's case, they went straight to Emery.

“What is it Dragon?” Lucius asked, wondering just why his son's tone was so formal. They were in the company of family and there was no need.

“Do you know where the toilets are?” Draco asked, a small frown gracing his face.

“I believe they are in the back of the restaurant,” Lucius replied slowly before turning around so he could signal their waiter. He turned to look at Severus only to find the man staring at Emery silently. “What is it?” He asked the man softly.

“Emery, is you who need's the toilet?” He asked his squirming child.

Harry nodded jerkily as he rocked in his chair. “I do, can I go?” He asked urgently.

“Of course you can. Lucius, if you'll excuse us,” Severus said as he stood up so he could take his son to the bathrooms.

“No problem,” Lucius replied easily.

Draco stood up as well, that wasn’t the part of the plan. “Wait, I need to go too,” he blurted out, embarrassment flooding his face as everyone turned to look at him.

Lucius sighed, of course Draco needed to go he had asked after all. “Severus, I think that Draco is more then capable of taking Emery to the bathroom alone,” he said in a quiet tone that told the former spy that he needed to discuss something serious with the man and was taking advantage of the children not being there.

Severus nodded curtly as he looked down at his son who was jumping up in down in place. “Alright, you can take Emery. But hurry, he's nearing the edge of no return,” he warned his Slytherin.

“Okay Uncle Severus,” Draco told him as he grabbed one of the child's free hand, and followed the waitress to the bathroom.

The Slytherin rushed in when he heard the boy's whine, but something stopped him from letting the boy go right away. He felt the other boy yank at his hand trying to get him to let go but he held on for a moment.

“Draco let me go, I have to wee,” Harry whined out urgently.

“In a moment, I have something important to speak with you about,” Draco rushed out. He was very much aware that the boy's bladder wasn’t as strong as it should be and he didn’t want the child to wet himself. He knew that his mother, his father and Uncle would kill him.

“Can't it wait until after I go?” Harry pleaded out desperately.

“No I'll only take a second,” Draco promised before he turned so he was facing the other boy. “I know your secret, about who you really are,” he whispered out. He watched the boy's face pale and the hand that he was holding started shaking.

“I..I don't know what you're talking about,” Harry whispered out fearfully.

He knew the jig as up, he could see the knowing look in the Slytherin's eyes and it was all he could do not to start bawling right then and there. He sniffled and hung his head and crossed his legs before he gulped.

Draco sighed. “Yes you do, I know you're really Harry Potter, “ he stated bluntly.

Harry's heart dropped, stopped and restarted in overtime. His free hand unconsciously grabbed his crotch as he tried to understand the ramifications of the other boy's words. “Are you going to tell on me?” He asked tearfully.

“No,” Draco replied softly. “I'm just confused, who is Uncle Severus really too you?” He asked curiously.

“My daddy,” Harry said sadly before he suddenly bent over at the waist in his desperation. “Oh I hafta go!” He groaned out loudly.

“Merlin's bloody beard, I forgot!” Draco said in a horrified tone as he quickly pulled the other boy over to the stalls.

“I gotta wee!” Harry whined out frantically.

“I know! I'm sorry, please don't wet yourself. I don't wanna get into trouble,” Draco told him worriedly as he positioned the child in front of the toilet and finally let go of his hand.

Harry didn’t answer as he agitatedly tried to undo his trousers. They were a bit big, so his father had made him wear a belt which is what his main cause of trouble was coming from.

Draco was watching the scene horrified. He knew the consequences and what his father and Uncle would do if the boy wet himself. He would be spanked and punished, and that was embarrassing. Now knowing exactly who the boy was, having his suspicions confirmed and everything he was of course apprehensive about helping the boy. But he also knew if he didn’t that he was screwed.

“Move your hands,” Draco instructed as he moved to stand in front of the boy and hurriedly unbuckled his friend's trousers.

Harry had just pulled the pants down, when his forceful stream released, grateful for the toilet bowl below. He didn’t look at the Slytherin, his head hung down low as he relieved himself.

“Are you going to tell?” Harry managed to choke out.

Draco thought about that before shaking his head. He had a week to process this, and he wasn’t about to let their relationship go because Emery turned out to be Harry Potter. He knew their was a reason why they hid him, he just knew he needed to speak to his Uncle Severus immediately.

“No, I'm not, finish going Emery,” Draco reassured the boy as he moved to get out of the stall.

“Where are you going?” Harry asked worriedly.

“I needed the toilet too remember?” Draco said with a hint of a smile as he disappeared out of the stall.

Harry smiled in return, even as the boy was gone. He had hope in his heart for the first time in in his life, that he might just be able to keep his new relations. Which was good as he didn’t want to lose his Uncle Lucius.

*615*2014-01-13 07:23

{{: 

Whens the next chapter going to be up ? I'm so ready to see how it all ends , not that I want it to end , but I feel like a part of my life has been invested in reading this and I cant wait any longer. - said the lame first time commenter .- I hope you start writing on too afraid to ask some as well , good god i swear I am obsessed with your writing , but you make snape fit this fic so well without - in my option - taking him and making him a whole different person .

And your plot has me running in circles , not that its complex or hard to follow , but that it is so revealing about harrys past and new found freindships between harry and draco - can i say they are freinds now ? -

I wish I was good at writing reviews . this would be much longer in that case, and sound much better, - not like i'm having an orgasm over your writing , because I feel like thats how it sounds now. -

}}

Hey, thats awesome. I'm actually getting back into my writing, I have a lot of free time now. Yay for going abroad! I'm dividing my time between, exploring, writing, and everything. I hope you have an update this week!

{{: 

Perfection! I love the story line and plot. Keep it up. Your a great writer...or typer.

}}

Thanks, you had it write the first time, its writer...I love the fact of keyboards though, writing with pen and paper, gets writers cramp after a while! lol

*618*2014-01-19 18:42

Updated! 1st new Post of the New Year. Alot has been going on, but here it is. This story is winding down..thank goodness too. As much as I love it..it's been 2 years..and it's time to end it.

Chapter 99

The boys returned to the table, Harry was worried out of his mind as he retook his seat. He smiled at his Uncle sadly, knowing that he was probably going to lose the man's love, when this was all over. The little boy bowed his head tearfully and didn’t look up again, not noticing the looks between Severus and Lucius.

“Did something happen in the washroom Draco?” Lucius asked quietly, he had seen the heartbroken expression on Emery's face and he was worried. That hadn't been there before they left.

“No Father,” Draco replied quietly, already knowing what the other boy must be thinking if he had a forlorn expression on his face. He could understand it, because he didnt think he could ever give up Severus.

“Then what's the matter with Emery. What happened?” Severus said his voice low and dangerous as he looked pointedly at Draco.

“I didn’t do anything, we just talked about some stuff,” Draco replied honestly. He didn’t have to tell them exactly what was said however.

“What kind of stuff?” Lucius asked before Severus could get the chance too.

“Like how long he was going to be here for, and if he was going to stay with Uncle Severus forever,” he muttered out.

“And what was his reply?” Severus asked, curiosity peaking his tone.

He knew as well that he and Harry needed to come up with a plan for Emery to go away when the time came. But from the looks of it, it seemed that Harry didn't want the other persona to go away at all. He only had to wonder why for a second, when it was revealed to him in the most horrifying way.

“It was no,” Harry replied quietly, speaking up for the first time since returning back to the table. “I told him that freaks such as myself do not get the benefit of having a house with a loving father AND and Aunt and Uncle who won't beat me but who will love me instead,” he said bringing up all of that inner hurt and causing the three adults and Draco to gasp at his harsh words.

Harry swallowed heavily, as tears welled in his eyes. It was the truth, no one could understand the loss he was currently feeling. Was he not good enough to have more then one caring adult at one time? Why did fate hate him so much?

Lucius had a grim smile on his face, as he turned to look to his good friend. He had never understood the reluctance of why Severus wouldn't just take Emery in. But if the child had endured abuse and it seemed like he had he couldn’t understand what the hell was wrong with Severus. He would take the child in a heartbeat if Emery had of been his, and even if he wasn't. No child needed to feel like that ever.

“Emery little one, you are not a freak. Severus just isn't ready for a child that's all, but know that our house is open to you if you wish to live with us,” Lucius told him gently, offering his home to the child to the surprise of both Draco and Severus.

Harry said nothing, choosing to bury his head into his arms on the table. This is what he meant he would lose all of this, and he hadn't even gotten the chance to really know them. That was all it took for the little boy to burst into tears effectively ending the night for everyone.

It was Narcissa who spoke first when Harry started to cry. Her motherly instincts took over when she turned to see Lucius and Severus in a heated discussion, over no doubt the child. She stood up immediately and made her way over to the small boy, picking him up quite easily in her arms and hugging him to her chest.

“There there Emery, it will be alright in the end I promise you,” she soothed trying to get his tears to stop.

“No it won't, you don't understand,” Harry whispered out harshly as he sobbed sadly into her shoulder.

“Then help me understand honey,” she pleaded to the child softly. It wasn't pureblood decorum to plead to a child, but she needed to know how she could help him.

“You'll hate me forever,” Harry mumbled out softly.

At that small admission, Narcissa moved a bit away from the table, making her way to the small garden that the restaurant had and walked in it with him. “Now tell me, why would I hate you Emery?” She asked seriously.

“I can't tell you, I already told Draco and I think he hates me now too. I've already lost him, but I can't lose you too,” Harry said as he swallowed a lump in his throat.

Narcissa pulled him back to look at her, and wiped his eyes. “There is nothing that you can tell me that will make me love you any less. I will never change how I feel about you,” she promised sincerely.

Harry took a breath, as that was a far as promises go in his mind. He felt so loved in that moment, and he noticed that Mrs. Malfoy wasn't at frigid as he always thought. Her hugs were just as warm as Mrs. Weaselys were, but they were yet different. Probably because the woman were as different as they come. “Even if I was really Harry Potter?” He whispered out.

“Even if,” Narcissa replied back in the same tone. She could see through the shock that was coursing through her that he spoke the truth but she had to know something else.

“Oh,” Harry replied softly a weight lifted off his shoulder. One was still there as Lucius didnt currently know but to know that he would still have Narcissa was enough in that moment. “Snape is still my daddy though, but it has to stay a secret,” he told her mid yawn.

“I understand much more then you do sweetie, try not to worry so much. We will find a way for you to stay with Severus,” Narcissa promised as she rubbed his back, knowing he wasnt that far off from sleeping.

Harry believed her, and found himself falling asleep quite fast in her arms, to the amusement of the woman.

Narcissa needed to have a talk with Severus sometime this week before they approached Lucius with this information. She walked back to the table, not to surprised to find everything gone and everyone else standing up. “I take it we're done for the night?”

“We are, Lucius and I have not reached an agreement. Oh he fell asleep, I wondered if he tired himself out,” Severus murmured as he reached for his son.

“Yes I can see that happening, when a child finds out that his father who is supposed to love and cherish him would rather he go back to abusive relatives then take the child in,” Lucius said bitingly as he glared at his friend.

“Do not speak of, what which you do not know Lucius,” Severus stated warningly.

“Oh Severus I know quite a lot. And I really thought you were better then this,” Lucius said with disappointment shining in his grey eyes. “Come along Draco, say goodbye to Professor Snape,” he said as he walked out the restaurant.

Draco looked at his professor and gave a small shrug. “Goodbye Professor, see you Friday,” he said as he hurried after his father, leaving his mother and Snape with a sleeping Harry.

“We need to talk as soon as possible Severus,” Narcissa said as she fixed her coat.

“About what Cissa?” Severus asked carefully.

“The child in your arms,” she replied simply before she followed her family out the restaurant, leaving Severus to wonder what the hell was going on.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

The day after that disastrous dinner, Harry was mostly back to himself. He had distanced himself as far away as he could from Draco, and then by association his father. He could not, and would not allow himself to fall into the lull of false security. He couldn't believe his moment of weakness when Narcissa had wormed out the true. He felt happy that she knew, and felt nothing would change but he hoped to Merlin or whoever that she didn't tell Lucius as he couldn't handle it if she did.

The weeks started to blur together, once Harry got it into his mind that it didn't matter. But every time he saw Draco get mail in the Great Hall he was worried that Lucius had somehow found out. He was worrying quite a lot, and was barely aware of the passing weeks. Before he knew it January had past and February was making it's way out. It was the last day of February when Harry felt like everything would be okay. If the woman hadn't said anything in almost two months, then he knew she would keep his secret.

Which that new found sense of relief, Harry allowed himself to calm down. He even started enjoying school again, then again it helped that Sirius Black had stopped looking for him. Currently he was in the library studying with Hermione and Ron. DADA had a project coming up in a few weeks, and they each had to give a solo presentation about a defensive tactic they had chosen, explained what it did, how one could hurt someone else with it, and what were the repercussions if it was used wrong. After all that they then had to demonstrate it to the class against Professor Lupin himself. It was half their passing grade and everyone was really excited and stressed about the whole thing, but they knew the man was fair.

Harry sighed for a moment as he listened to his friend's bicker, as annoying as it was this was nothing new, though he had decided it got worse each year went by. He sighed and opened his book, unsure of why they all had to study together when they were each doing separate things. He wished his had his game boy but it was back in his dorm in his trunk, trying to tune his friend's out he started reading.

Eventually the two Gryffindors settled down, and followed Harry's example, and it was quiet in the library. Then again that had to do with the fact that it was a Saturday and most people preferred not to come here, including Harry and Ron had it not been for the fact that they had a project to do. Back to the situation at hand, Harry was shaking his head as Ron tried to come up with every excuse in the book to get out of the library but Hermione wasn't one to be moved and it didn't work. After chuckling some more Harry finally got into a bit of a groove and got to work.

Because it was a Saturday they were able to work a couple of hours without having to leave for classes, and it was during the 3rd hour when Harry felt it. He knew it was going to happen as they had lunch before they came and thought he didnt need to use the toilet then, he did now. And from the way he could feel it pulsing in his stomach he knew he had to a go a bit badly. Thats what he got for ignoring his body, but on the bright side he was nearly done with his assigment. He nodded to himself and stood up, alerting his two companions.

“Harry where are you going? We agreed that we would work here for 4 hours, it's only been 3,” Hermione said with a frown.

“I know, and I'll be back. I just need a bit of a break,” Harry told her easily.

Hermione shook her head. “I dont believe that, you leave and then Ron will want a bit of a break and then neither of you will come back. And I'll be stuck bringing all of our work back to the Tower,” she said smartly, looking pointedly in Ron's direction. The boy looked like he had thought just that.

“I'll be back Hermione, I promise,” Harry repeated, as he shifted on his feet. Standing up when one had to go was never the smartest thing. He moved to go, when he felt her grab his arm.

“Harry do you want me to get Snape? I don't want too, but you know that if you fail he won't be happy about that. And you dont want to disappoint him do you?” She said trying another tactic to get him to stay. She knew her friends, and she knew they didnt like to study like she did.

“No you dont have to get him. I promise, I'll be back. I just need a break is all,” Harry told her seriously, his need was more then urgent now and he knew his limits and he was reaching it.

“We'll be done in an hour, whatever it is you're trying to do. You can do that then,” she told him firmly.

Harry shook his head, as he retook his seat. He didnt want to fight with her, and he couldnt tell her because she was a girl and he was embarassed. He frowned as he turned to look at Ron.

“It's okay mate, I know how you feel. Just one more hour,” Ron said with a encouraging smile.

“But you dont Ron. I hafta go use the toilet,” Harry whispered desperatly.

At that Admission Ron's eyes snapped up to his and Harry mentally shuddered at the gaze that his friend was now looking at him with. It wasnt disgusting or anything like that, but he had seen that protective gaze in Draco's numerous times. He knew what this meant, he just hoped that Ron wouldnt do anything rash.

Ron stood up, and nudged Harry up. “We're going to the toilet,” he announced as he set his quill on the table.

“No way Ronald, what do you take me for? You both just don't suddenly need to visit the toilet at the same time,” Hermione said as she launched into a tirade.

Ron frowned as he looked at Harry who immediately sat down when he heard Hermione's tone. He shook his head as he looked at his friend before turning back to the girl.

“Shut up for a minute Hermione, you don't know anything. Are you in our bodies? How are you to tell us when we have to pee and when we don’t?” He asked, enjoying the way her face flushed in embarrassment. Well it served her right.

Hermione sniffed as she looked at him. “I just know you guys, and I know you're probably going to go down to the Quidditch pitch,” she retorted.

“You don't know us that well, get up Harry. We're going,” Ron told him seriously, as he noticed the relieved look on his mate's face.

Harry quickly got out his chair and made to follow Ron when he felt the back of his robe get yanked. “What? Hermione what are you doing?”

“Harry don't do this,” she told him seriously as she looked at him knowingly. “We both know you and Ron don't need to go, so stop fooling around and come finish your essay. You're nearly done,”

Harry bit his lip and squirmed as tried to yank his robe free from her, but Hermione was stubborn in her own right and she didnt want to let go. “Stop it, I do hafta go,” he whined.

Hermione frowned before sighing. “Fine, go then. And i'll just tell Snape that you didnt do you work,” she said lightly as she took a seat.

Harry's eyes widen at that, he didnt want to make his dad angry over nothing. But the man did tend to jump to conclusions, regarding him sometimes. He wiggled in place as he looked at Ron worriedly.

Ron for his part was shaking his head, wishing there was someone who was here who could obviously see that Harry needed to go. It was like once they were in the library Hermione was blind to everything but a book. He didnt say anything, but he did however breathe a huge sigh of relief when he saw Professor Lupin walk into the library. The man looked intent on Madame Pince, but turned in their direction and Ron waved him over.

Harry by then was doing a sit down potty dance in his chair, his essay long forgotten, he couldnt concentrate on it long enough to even do it. He couldnt even be still, he didnt see Professor Lupin until the man was in front of them.

“Hey kids, I didnt expect to see you guys here, what are you working on?” Remus asked easily.

Ron was the first to stand up. “Our project for DADA, but Harry needs a break and Hermione won't let him go. She keeps threatening to tell Snape, that he's trying to skive off his work, but he isn't,” he told him bluntly. There was never beating around the bush when it came to Harry and his bladder.

Remus's eyes flicked to Harry who was grimacing and bent over the table in a position he was all to familiar with. He nodded quickly. “If you can assist Harry, that would be great Ron. I need to have a bit of a chat with Hermione,” he told the boy seriously.

Ron nodded, as he nudged Harry up again and grabbed the smaller teen's arm and started rushing out the library. He took a seat and looked at Hermione who was was looking at the scene with wide eyes. Ron shook his head, but it was her own fault and he didn't feel sorry for her. He pulled Harry along, until the the bathroom's just off the library.

“Come on Harry, you can do,” he murmured.

Harry whined, pulling free from Ron and running into the bathroom already pulling up his robes. He stopped as he entered as he saw Draco and Theodore in washing their hands by the sink. He couldn't help it but he swallowed hard and started backing away, and into Ron as he ran in. He knew or he thought he knew that they wouldn't prevent him from going but last time they were in the bathroom spoke otherwise.

“Hey Harry, we were just leaving. You can go,” Theo replied quickly, as he saw the way the other boys robes were already pulled out the way.

Ron was watching them with narrowed eyes, his wand already drawn even if theirs weren't. He didn't understand as neither Slytherin had their wands out but he wasn't taking any chances even in his confusion.

Harry swallowed fearfully, as he took a step forward. He hadn't spoken to Draco since that night when he had confronted him as Emery and told him he knew who he really was. Even though they had class together he strayed away from the blonde boy. He didnt know how to act and currently was trying hard not to pee himself. He was trembling with need, barely able to stop from jumping up and down in his place.

Draco was frowning as he looked at Harry before shaking his head. There was only him and Theo and then Weasely in the bathroom. He couldnt understand why the boy wasnt already going, did he want to piss himself?

“Harry, just go to the toilet!” Draco finally snapped out, when it seemed the boy was trying to turn into a pretzel.

“Don't tell him what to do,” Ron retorted but he was completely agreement with Draco even if he didn't want to admit it.

“Harry, you know we're not going to hurt you. Just go, and oh we're not going to kill each other either,” Theo said calmly trying to be the voice of reason.

Harry whined as he nodded, looking to all the boys before he ran into a stall. His heart was beating fast as he jumped up and down, his robe ending up on the floor as he struggled with his belt buckle. He couldn't hear any sounds in the bathroom, but he knew they were all still there. He just needed some help, he didn't care from who.

“Harry, you need help?” Draco asked finally when it seemed a long minute of silence had passed and nothing had happened in the stall.

“Yeah, my belt is too hard,” Harry replied, his voice hitching in his desperation.

“Okay, Theo is coming to help you. Because Weasely has his wand on me still,” Draco told him calmly.

“Kay, Theo I gotta go really bad,” Harry told the boy urgently, wishing he'd hurry up.

Ron was looking at the scene in confusion as he had assumed Harry would have called for him but he seemed perfectly comfortable with the Slytherin's presence after that first initial fear reaction. He said nothing as Nott ran into the stall that Harry had gone in, and his fear intensified but he didnt think he could help Harry and watch their back from Malfoy so he had to let it. He however breathed a sigh of relief when his friend didnt freak out or anything when the Slytherin went in.

“Why did you wait so long?” Theo chided gently as he bent down and started unfastening the boy's pants.

“Because Mione wouldn't let me an Ron go, she didn't believe us and then she said she would tell Snape on me,” Harry rushed out his hands gripping the sides of his trousers tightly.

Theodore frowned at that as he yanked down the small boy's pants and turned him towards the toilet, breathing out in relief when he heard him pee.

“Good job Harry,” he murmured as he stood up and walked out the stall to see that Draco and Weasely hadnt killed each other yet.

“Since when did you care about Harry?” Ron asked the Slytherin when he saw him again.

“I'm not sure actually,” Theo replied with a shrug as he sauntered out the bathroom.

Ron watched Draco follow suit, his eyes narrowed as he wondered if this was some sort of Slytherin plot. He would have to ask Harry if he knew why Malfoy hadnt cursed him. He didnt understand what was going on, and he didnt like it.

