Wet Note: The Desperate Trainers Saga - Page 2

Author: Toki-chan

*025*2011-05-10 21:09

Thank you for all the conmments thus far! You'll be happy to hear that chapter two is a go for when I get back home *has to go to a meeting* And chapter three will follow soon after.

As for who wets in chapter three; take a guess ;) *Hint: it's a Johto girl~*

*028*2011-05-25 18:22

{{ 

I wouldn't mind seeing either Dawn, Candice or White being a target somewhere down the road.

}}

Hm...I might consider adding one of them in at some point, perhaps for a filler chapter...first I want to finish the next two chapters, which will be here eventually! *has been busy these past few days*

*029*2011-05-29 23:11

Author's note: And finally, after weeks of waiting, chapter two is here! 8D Chapter three is currently in the planning stages and will be written whenever I get around to it.

In the meantime, here's chapter two to keep you entertained!

Note: This is my first attempt at writing female desperation and wetting, so all concrit is welcome!

Warnings: Female desperation and wetting! Hints of yaoi pairings (Flint/Aaron) in there as well, along with hints of Snazzyshipping (Lucian/Cynthia).

Summary: Cynthia, Champion of Sinnoh, deals with the pains of holding, and the embarassment of giving in. All thanks to a little black book and one, devious little psychic.

###

As Will followed his first victim, Cynthia was already approaching her room, intent on finishing some paperwork and research that cluttered her desk. Contrary to what most people would think, Cynthia’s room wasn’t all glitz and glamour; there were bookshelves with their contents stacked so high, that it could rival Lucian’s study; various objects, artefacts, and trinkets were scattered here and there, making the room even more of a mess than it already was, along with various papers and research which littered the floor.

In short: it was an absolute mess.

Cynthia, however, didn’t mind as she took her seat at her desk, immediately pulling a stack of papers towards her as she set to work. After a few minutes of reading, Cynthia soon found herself completely zoned out, focusing on nothing but the papers before her, which gave Will the opportunity he was waiting for.

Perfect~ she’s distracted, he thought to himself, peering into the room with a small smirk before disappearing behind the door. He then took out the notebook, flicking it open to the next blank page. Let’s see if this really works. Taking a moment to think, Will soon took out a pen, taken from Lance’s office since all of his ‘mysteriously’ disappeared, (and before you ask; no he did not use them as projectiles or darts, regardless of the various pens that remained pinned to one of his walls), and wrote down his first victim.

‘Cynthia. After five minutes of researching, she will begin to feel an urge to go. This urge will then increase gradually over the next five minutes, until she decides to go to the bathroom. The bathroom, however, will be occupied and she will be forced to return to her room. There, she will struggle to hold for exactly five minutes, before sinking to the floor in defeat and wetting herself.’

This had better be enough description, Will thought to himself, double checking the rules to see if he followed them correctly. Once he was confident that all was in order, Will tucked the book away and settled in to watch the show.

Sure enough, after exactly five more minutes of researching, Cynthia felt a slight twinge in her bladder. That’s weird. I could’ve sworn I went a few hours ago, Cynthia thought to herself, now puzzled by her slight urge. Deciding to dismiss it and tend to it later, Cynthia turned back to the research at hand, once again becoming absorbed into her work.

This concentration, however, didn’t last long, for the slight urge she felt earlier started to grow rather quickly.

Damnit all! She thought angrily, shifting in her seat in order to lessen the pressure in her abdomen, as well as lessen the urge. After realizing that that plan wouldn’t work, Cynthia took to pressing her thighs together, rubbing them slightly in the hopes that it would work. And it did; for all of five seconds. The pressure, by now, was getting rather uncomfortable, causing the blonde champion to fidget and squirm in her seat, her research all but forgotten due to her now pressing urge.

With an irritated sigh, Cynthia rose from her chair and headed out the door, Will scrambling away and hiding in a nearby closet so as to not get caught by the champion. Managing to somehow keep her clam composure, Cynthia walked down the hall, her slightly slower than normal pace the only sign of discomfort she gave as her bladder continued to fill.

By the time she arrived outside the bathroom door, Cynthia’s bladder was already at its limit and continuing to fill, causing her posture to become rigid and tense, thighs pressed tightly together as she reached up to knock on the door.

Before she could, however, two voices became audible from the other side of the door.

“Don’t put it there, idiot!” Aaron exclaimed as shuffling sounds could be heard from inside.

“But it’s supposed to go there! It’s in the instructions!” Flint retorted, earning a smack from the young bug-type elite. “Ow! What was that for?!”

“You have it upside down! And it’s pressing into me because it’s so big!” Cynthia decided that, while it would be amusing to listen to this all the way through (and have it for blackmail purposes), there were more pressing matters to attend to as her bladder gave a small, but still painful spasm, prompting the champion to either hurry up or she would wet herself. With this in mind, she knocked on the bathroom door.

“What are you doing in there?” she called, now shifting from foot to foot, “you’re tying up the bathroom and some of us need to use it.”

“We’re almost done, so hold your ponyta!” Flint all but growled, intent on finishing whatever it was he was doing. “If Aaron wasn’t so slow-“

“Excuse me?! I’m not the one with the instructions upside down!” Aaron retorted; anger in his tone as the two proceeded to get into yet another lover’s spat.

“Well could you hurry it up? Some of us have to go,” Cynthia told them again, barely managing to suppress a gasp as another spasm wracked her curvy frame.

“You can hold it for five minutes, can’t you?!” Flint replied, now sounding rather pissed off as Aaron continued to rant at him.

Realizing that the two weren’t going to stop for some time, Cynthia turned and headed back to her room, her posture now more rigid than before.

It’s alright; I can hold it for a little longer, she told herself, now more confident as she entered her room. She was a woman in her mid-twenties and, as such, should be able to hold her urine with little to no problem. This theory, however, was soon shot down as a third spasm made itself known; this one sending a small spurt into her panties and prompting the blonde to thrust her hands into her crotch. Now the stage was set for the final act of Will’s plan, the psychic soon leaving the closet and creeping over to the door. Peering into the room, Will watched, in sheer delight, as his plan came into fruitation; Cynthia now squirming about, hands holding onto her womanhood as tight as they could in order to hold her pee. Cynthia, however, was not having as much fun; the pain in her now swollen bladder was at the forefront of her mind, along with the intense sensation to pee. She could feel it at the edge of her womanhood, threatening to spill out at any second.

Damn, damn, damn! She thought angrily, wincing as her bladder let out another spurt of hot pee into her panties. You have to hold on a little while longer!

This, however, would not be possible. As the end of the last five minutes approached, it took everything Cynthia had not to go right then and there. Her hands were now digging into her pee hole, her thighs squishing her hands as she held onto her womanhood tightly. Even this was no longer enough, the spasms and spurts now becoming so frequent that Cynthia could feel her hands becoming wet and her body sinking to the floor. Just a little longer, please..! She thought desperately, now squirming about on the floor as another hot jet of pee escaped; this one longer then the last and the last straw for her now weak and sore bladder.

The small spurt of pee soon turned into a stream, the hot liquid seeping between her fingers as it soaked her panties and cascaded downwards, forming into a small puddle underneath her. Cynthia could only watch as her dark, black pants became saturated in pee, her panties most likely now beyond repair as the torrent of pee continued for another few minutes. When all was said and done, the blonde champion now sat in a puddle of her own pee, having just wet herself like a small child.

“W-why?” she muttered, letting her emotions get to her as tears slowly made their way down her cheeks.

Will, on the other hand, grinned to himself as he stared at the book. “It really does work,” he murmured softly to himself, more devious ideas starting to take root in his mind. He would’ve kept standing there, had he not sensed a familiar presence heading towards him.

Shit! He thought, ducking back into the closet as Lucian turned the corner, the taller sensing something amiss when Will wasn’t in his study like he told the younger to do. His thoughts were soon interrupted by soft sobs coming from the champion’s study. Peering into the room, Lucian’s eyes widened as he saw Cynthia in the middle of the room, on her knees in defeat as a golden puddle lay beneath her.

“Cynthia..?” Lucian asked softly, entering the room as the blonde’s tears increased.

“D-don’t look!” she said, now humiliated beyond words as a strong set of arms wrapped around her in a comforting embrace.

“Ssh; it’s alright,” Lucian murmured, rubbing soothing circles into her back as the champion collapsed against him.

“I-I just wet myself like a child,” she whispered, not fully believing what happened.

“Accidents happen,” he replied, still holding Cynthia comfortingly as he thought the whole event over in his mind. Could this have to do with Will not being in his study? Was this another one of his foolish pranks? Lucian didn’t know. What he did know, however, was that he had to keep a closer eye on his little brother, just in case he was, in fact, connected to this event somehow.

This was made more apparent as he sensed Will teleport away from nearby; no doubt on his way back to Johto to cause god knows what kind of mayhem.

First thing first: tend to Cynthia and her accident.

*032*2011-05-30 00:19

{{ 

He will probably do some stupid things with it and eventually get caught, until then I wait for the next victim

}}

Exactly.

As for victim number three; I already revealed her in past posts in this thread. ;)

*034*2011-05-30 03:08

{{ 

Has he not already not been found out by Lucian?

}}

Lucian only suspects Will's behind it; he doesn't know for sure. XD

*035*2011-06-20 02:25

Status update! I have the beginning planned out for chapter three, but am drawing a blank on how to make Whitney's wetting more, creative, which is why chapter three is progressing at a snail's pace, if you will.

That being said, I am now open to suggestings on how you want the characters to wet. I will give credit to your ideas should I end up using them in some form or another, so come at me with your ideas!

Thank you in advance for this and I apologise for the slow progress. :(

