Prince of Tennis: Morning Desperation

Author: DearPrince

*000*2013-03-14 00:46

The Morning Marathon

Time: Morning/Breakfast

Characters: Ryoma, Nanjiroh, and Ryoga

Warnings: Only Desperation, No wetting, and abrupt ending

When Ryoma woke up, the first thing he realized was that it was the first day of school and, that he was absolutely dying for a pee. His bladder always seemed to be uncomfortably full to bursting in the mornings, and it seemed today was a ‘bursting’ day. Quickly shaking away the sleep, Ryoma threw off the covers and jumped off his bedside. A startling pressure in his lower stomach made him pause, and a wave of desperation shot through him.

He twisted forward, his blue-pajama clad thighs instinctively squeezing together.

Straightening up, Ryoma tried to take another step, but was shocked when a hot jet of pee streamed out. He gasped and jammed his hands between his legs. The pressure was incredible and he found himself squirming like mad to regain control. Once slightly more composed, Ryoma dashed to his bathroom. To his dismay, he found it firmly locked. His older brother was taking a shower inside. The sound of running water only added to Ryoma’s desperation.

Ryoma moaned and crossed his legs tightly. He banged furiously on the door.

“Nii-san, get out, hurry!”

There was no response and Ryoma knew with dread that his brother couldn’t hear him because of the loud shower and air ventilation system. Ryoma breathed deeply and gave his crotch a hard squeeze, before making his way to the bathroom downstairs. His bladder throbbed and begged to release it’s load, but Ryoma refrained. The problem was, the downstairs bathroom had a broken toilet, so the only one that worked was the upstairs one.

Ryoma shuddered and squeezed his crossed legs closer together as he spread the toothpaste on his brush.

As he brushed his teeth, he couldn’t help but march on the spot, pulling his knees abruptly to his chest. He hoped once he was showered and dressed, his brother was out of the bathroom, because Ryoma wasn’t so sure if he could hold it much longer. As if on cue, a wave of desperation washed over his entire body, and he abruptly dropped his toothbrush and dug his knuckles deep into his crotch.

He bit his lip and bounced on the spot for a moment. He had never woken up with such an intense desire to pee before.

After Ryoma gained a fraction of control, he carefully removed his hands, stripped, and stepped into the shower. He gritted his teeth before wearily turning the shower on. The moment the hot water spilled over his porcelain skin, Ryoma’s bladder pulsed and pushed, pee trying to squeeze out. Ryoma moaned and buried his hands in his crotch. This was all Ryoga’s fault. If his brother hadn’t been occupying the only bathroom with a toilet- Ryoma stopped mid-thought and rocked on the heels of his feet, trying to hold back the fluids inside of him.

With the water dripping over his body, it was extremely hard to try not to pee.

Ryoma quickly washed himself, one hand in his crotch, the other taking the soap, shampoo etc. All the while, he couldn’t help but release a small spurt. He moaned and crossed his legs tightly, before reaching over and grabbing his towel. Once he dried himself off, he pulled on his black trousers and fitted his belt. He groaned as his belt squeezed his overfull bladder, and he knocked his knees together, trying to hold back the impending flood.

He didn’t bother to comb his hair as he ran upstairs to go and finally relieve himself.

To his horror, when he burst into the room, the shower was still running. Ryoma squeezed his eyes shut and buried his hands deep in the crotch of his pants. He squirmed, shifting his weight from foot to foot. With slow movements, Ryoma banged on the door.

“Nii-san, nngh…open up!”

No response. Ryoma thrust his hips desperately as a little bit of pee crept out. He was on the very edge; the fluids inside of him brimming to escape.

“Nii-san, I can’t…” Ryoma moaned, “I can’t hold it.”

It was his obvious his attempts were futile, as Ryoga was obviously having a very long, relaxing shower. His older brother liked to shower with music on, so he probably had on his water-proof ear buds, blown up to the max. Ryoma was about to try knocking again when his father’s voice rang loudly in his ears.

“Yo, seishounen, breakfast is ready!”

Ryoma clenched his thighs and resolved to wait a bit longer. He took small steps down the stairwell. His hand hovered about his crotch, aching to cram itself deep inside, but Ryoma was too embarrassed to do so. When he got downstairs, his father was reading his porn magazines as usual. He looked up when his son walked in.

“Mornin’, seishounen,”

“Mornin’,” Ryoma replied in his usual apathetic voice. However, his insides were panicking. He badly wanted to hold himself, but could only cross his legs tightly as he took a seat. His father, still mesmerized in his magazine, merely shoved a large glass of OJ and a slice of toast in his direction. Ryoma’s bladder throbbed in protest as he took a long gulp of his OJ, and he discretely buried a hand between his legs under the table – he was sure his father couldn’t see him under there. He was literally about to burst!

His tight belt pressed hard on his bladder, giving it no room to expand for the OJ. Ryoma bent forward and breathed heavily, trying to hold it all in.

“You alright?” Nanjiroh asked when he saw the tense expression on Ryoma’s face. Startled, Ryoma’s hand shot out of his crotch and he jiggled up and down to regain control without his hands.

“Fine,” Ryoma said, and he bit his lip. He took another chug of his OJ to distract himself, but as he drank it, his bladder pulsed wildly, as if it knew more fluids were soon going to enter. Ryoma moaned loudly, momentarily forgetting his father was there. He plunged both his hands deep in his crotch. A small squirt escaped into his boxers and Ryoma squirmed to stop the rest of the flow that was beckoning to follow.

“Uh…kiddo,” Nanjiroh said awkwardly. He blinked in disbelief for a moment, before smiling sympathetically. “Do you need to pee?”

Just the word ‘pee’ sent a desperate sensation over Ryoma’s body. He closed his eyes and bobbed up and down.

“I - ohhhh,” Ryoma groaned and doubled over. His stomach had stopped sloshing, which meant the OJ was rapidly filling into his overfull bladder, and with his tight belt refusing additional space, Ryoma’s bladder tried to release itself. Ryoma shuddered with agony. Nanjiroh stared at him.

“Buddy, why don’t you just go? Or, as a matter of fact, why didn’t you go this morning when you woke up?”

“Nii-san,” Ryoma said breathlessly, and he abruptly stood up. He immediately crossed his legs tightly, pushing one hand deep into the crotch of his black trousers. He bounced up and down on the balls of his feet. ”Nii-san, in bathroom, taking long shower…”

Nanjiroh couldn’t believe what he was hearing or seeing. His little boy, Echizen Ryoma, who was always calm, was holding himself like a small kid. Nanjiroh chuckled.

“Go check again, he should be out by now.”

Ryoma didn’t need to be told twice. His bladder pushed downwards from the additional pressure and Ryoma pushed his thighs together, awkwardly walking up the stairs. One hand stayed firmly jammed in his crotch, while the other occasionally slipped in on particularly desperate throbs. When he reached his bedroom, his bladder nearly released it’s load since he was so close to the relief he so desperately craved.

Ryoma buckled to his knees and pressed his hands deep into his crotch, trying to hold on for a moment longer.

His brother was still in the shower! Tears filled Ryoma’s large golden eyes, and his entire body trembled from the effort of holding back his pee.

“Nii-san,” he begged through tears, his voice breaking, “Hurry. I can’t – can’t hold it in anymore…”

He banged furiously on the door, and his bladder once again pushed downwards. A spurt forced itself out and Ryoma moaned, squirming on the ground. He had to hold it all back, but it was so hard. Just as Ryoma was going to give up, the bathroom door slowly creaked open. Ryoga popped out, hair wet, smelling freshly of cologne. His mouth dropped open when he saw the sight of his little brother. Ryoma was sitting on the ground with his knees tucked to his chest, both hands crammed in his crotch as he struggled to hold back his pee.

“Help,” Ryoma gasped, “Can’t hold it anymore…”

“Oh…oh, Chibisuke,” Ryoga said, feeling awful. He had never seen his little bro in such a desperate state before, and it was clear the boy was absolutely dying for a pee. Ryoga crouched down and gently lifted Ryoma’s small, shaking frame into his arms. Ryoma squirmed and wriggled in his brother’s arms, trying to hold on for just a second longer. He was full to the brim and he knew his bladder was on the verge of exploding out it’s contents.

Ryoga hurriedly went into the bathroom, and placed his little brother in front of the urinal. Ryoma crossed his legs tightly and squirmed around.

“Belt,” he choked out, and squatted down with his knees pressed together. “My-my belt!”

“Oh – oh, right!” Ryoga quickly bent down to unbuckle Ryoma’s belt. Ryoga could see Ryoma’s bladder protruding at least two inches from his normally slim-flat stomach.‘He must be so full’ Ryoga thought. Ryoma shifted from foot to foot, hands jammed in his crotch deep, squeezing his thighs for all it was worth.

A long stream shot out.

“Hurry,” Ryoma moaned.

Ryoga fumbled for the belt, before he finally managed to unbuckle it. Ryoma ripped down his zipper, and another spurt followed. Ryoma hissed, before he threw his head back, preparing to release.

The End.

