A Sense of Discomfort

Author: Dale Miller

*000*2015-12-01 17:29

Very soon after my last story I have written another one, I guess I just can't stop. This is my first original story, it's from the perspective of a young woman reliving a memory from when she was sixteen. I've only written the first chapter so far and I don't know yet exactly where it's gonna go but I do have a good idea. It's quite a long chapter with a lot of build-up, and there is some strong language and mention of nudity. Hope you enjoy.

Chapter 1: There's Something About Jason

It was six-thirty in the evening and the setting sun was sending a blinding light through my bedroom window. I would have closed the curtains, except my curtains sucked at being curtains and didn't stop any sunlight coming through.

It had been the hottest day of the year and I had spent the entirety of it indoors in my pyjamas watching episode after episode of How I Met Your Mother. It was the summer after I finished my GCSE exams, so I would have been sixteen. I remember being in school that year and being so excited about exams being over, knowing that as soon as summer came I would be free. So far my freedom had involved not leaving the house much. It was quite unlike me, really, but I think that school year really took a lot out of me. It was the first time in a long time that I had nothing to do, and I'd been enjoying it a little too much.

I decided to check Facebook, as I hadn't looked at it all day, and I had a message from my friend Lee. Her name was actually Valerie, which she absolutely hated, so she insisted we all call her Lee. I never knew why. I always suspected she might have been gay, which turned out to be true; she came out two years after this.

I clicked her message and the chat box opened, she had sent the message about an hour ago:

Hey Sian

My sister bought round one of those big inflatable pools today and we tried it out it was amazing. if you can get round tomorrow you can come and try it out if you want. my folks will be at work

I checked the weather forecast and it was meant to be another hot day tomorrow. I decided I would rather spend it outside than in my stuffy little bedroom. Plus I hadn't seen Lee since the last exam we had together. I sent her a reply message:

Yeah alright ill get mum to drop me off on her way to work so ill probs be there about half 11 ish xx

The icon that indicated that she was typing flashed up shortly followed by her reply:

Ok cool see ya tomorrow

As the evening turned to night, the sun finally went down and it started to get cooler. I stayed up quite late that night watching The Hangover for like the third time that summer probably, and then went to bed.

The sun woke me at about eight the next morning. My curtains were closed, but did nothing. I had a couple of hours before I needed to leave so I watched a couple more episodes of HIMYM while eating breakfast, and then had a shower. I changed into a white vest top and yellow shorts with matching white panties and bra underneath. I deliberately put on something that would be easy to change out of once I got there so I could put on my emerald green bikini, which I put into my draw-string bag.

I went to the mirror in order to check my hair. I have dark brown hair and at that time I always tried to get my hair to look the way Mia Sara's did in Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I was told from quite a young age that I looked a lot like her, and as I looked at myself in the mirror that day I really could see the resemblance. I tied by hair up to keep it out of the way for now.

My mum usually left for work at eleven-fifteen, so at ten past I slipped on a pair of flip-flops and went downstairs to wait. My mum was a lunchtime supervisor at my old primary school, thankfully she started there after I had already left. We left the house at the usual time and she dropped me off at Lee's at half past, just as I had told her.

I kissed my mum goodbye as I always did, got out of the car and went to Lee's front door. No sooner had I rang the doorbell than the front door swung open, but it was not Lee who answered the door, it was her younger brother Jason. He was fourteen and I was a little bit creeped out by him. He was a nice kid, really smart too, but there was something about him that made me feel uncomfortable.

First off, it was very obvious that he had a thing for me, he would always make forced jokes to try and make me laugh, and if we were sat in the same room I would always catch him looking at me and he would turn away as soon as I looked back. That was fine, I thought it was cute. What disturbed me was the fact that he was always lingering. Any where I went in their house, he would always make sure I was either within sight or within earshot of him. It made it really awkward every time I was staying over and wanted to shower or something. The only peace I got was when we were sleeping, and even then he would come in Lee's room as soon as he knew we were awake.

He was standing in the doorway smiling uncontrollably and blushing slightly. I smiled back and greeted him in the usual way.

"Hey, J" I said, affectionately stroking his left shoulder with my right hand, I had known him since he was about seven after all. He was very short for his age, and quite chubby. He looked quite a lot like his sister, she was much taller and not so chubby but they had the same blonde hair, same button nose and same freckles.

He moved sideways to let me in and I stepped into their narrow hallway.

"Is sis out the back already?" I asked him.

"No, she's upstairs getting changed" he answered.

"Alright" I said "I'm gonna go and find her."

I slipped off my flip-flops and placed them underneath the stairs. I could feel Jason watching me as I did this, which I was used to. He would always be subtly trying to look at my feet whenever I went barefoot round their house. Once I cottoned on to this I would often tease him with it by stretching my toes out, just for my own amusement. It just occurred to me then that he was about to see me in a bikini and was probably gonna jizz in his fucking pants.

I went upstairs to Lee's room, knocked twice and then entered. She was already in her bikini which was a light blue colour complementing her pale skin.

"Hey!" I said in a sing-song kind of voice as I entered.

"Hiya!" she said in return, as she came towards me with her arms out-stretched "How are you?"

"I'm alright" I said, hugging her tightly "I haven't seen you in ages!"

"I know!" she said "What have you been doing all this time?"

"Nothing, really" I said, letting go of her "Just enjoying the summer. But without actually enjoying the benefits that summer brings."

"Well" Lee said "The pools all ready outside, if you wanna jump straight in."

"Yeah, sure" I said "Just let me change and I'll be right down."

"Alright" she said, before leaving the room and going downstairs.

I wouldn't have dared change in Lee's room, that would have been an absolute goldmine for Jason who I'm sure would have 'accidentally' walked in. I decided to change in the bathroom. I came out of Lee's room and unsurprisingly, met Jason in the hallway. I kindly smiled at him as we passed and he awkwardly smiled back. He went into his room which was conveniently right opposite the bathroom.

I went into the bathroom, closed and locked the door behind me and started to strip off. I examined my naked body in the mirror, knowing that right now Jason was probably imagining exactly what I was seeing in the mirror. He had spent enough time staring at my breasts to know that they were quite big, which to be fair anyone would notice. I had a very skinny waist which, again, he definitely knew as I often wore tight clothing.

I took my bikini out of my bag and put it on, put my clothes into the bag and came out of the bathroom. Jason had left his door slightly ajar, I had expected this. His bedroom was right next to his sister's and luckily for him I needed to put my bag in there. In that time he probably had a chance to get a good look at my body from various angles.

I went downstairs, knowing that Jason would probably wait a couple of minutes before coming down himself. I knew Lee would be waiting in the kitchen as that's where the patio doors were and sure enough, there she was. She was holding a bottle of Rosé wine and two glasses.

"Since my parents aren't here, shall we?" she said, indicating the wine.

"Won't they notice that it's missing?" I asked.

"No" she said, smiling "because it's not their's. My sister brought it over yesterday."

Lee's sister Vicky was five years older than her, and she was Lee's first and most frequent drinking buddy. And the best part was that Lee's parents were completely oblivious to it. I liked Vicky very much.

"Well, alright then" I said, and we went out into the back garden.

The hot sun was beating down hard making the concrete patio unbearable to stand on. I stepped off it onto the grass, and got nearer the inflatable pool to get a better look. It was not as big as I was expecting it be, it was quite shallow but looked like it could probably hold about six people.

Lee placed the bottle and glasses on a table placed next to the pool, before jumping in without hesitation. The force of her jump caused a wave which splashed my arm, I could feel that the water was quite cold.

"Holy shit!" Lee shouted "It's fucking cold. It's amazing."

I stepped in slowly, and the cold water was perfect. As I lowered my body into the water I immediately felt the need to pee. I knew it couldn't have been bad because I would have noticed before, and I wasn't about to get out any time soon.

Lee poured some wine into both glasses and handed one to me.

"Cheers" she said, raising her glass.

"Cheers indeed" I said, as we clinked out glasses together.

Predictably, Jason came down shortly after. We spent the next couple of hours catching up with each other, though on my part there was not much to tell. Jason came and went, he would spend a little while sitting on the patio furniture chatting to us, then disappear for a while, and then come back. I hadn't given too much thought as to what he was doing, I was enjoying myself too much.

However, after a couple of hours sitting in the cold water and after getting two glasses of Rosé inside me, my urge to pee became noticeably bigger. I decided it was time to go.

"Right" I said "I just need to go for a wee."

I put my glass down on the table, and stepped out of the pool onto the grass. Lee had placed a two towels on a garden chair next to the patio doors into the kitchen. I grabbed one and dried myself off a little bit before stepping into the house. I made my way up the stairs and when I reached the landing I saw that Jason's door was wide open. He was sitting in his room watching a video on his computer. We had the usual exchange of smiles before I went into the bathroom.

I closed and locked the door behind me, and immediately I noticed that the sound coming from his room had stopped. He had paused the video. I pulled my bikini bottoms down to my thighs, sat down on the toilet and started to pee. It was quite a gentle tinkle, but I knew Jason was listening carefully. For some reason he found the idea of me peeing quite sexy. I let the last few drops fall before I wiped, and dropped the toilet paper in. I pulled my bottoms back up and flushed the toilet. I then heard sound indicating that he had hit play on the video again.

While washing my hands, I heard Lee calling up the stairs.

"J, can you come down a sec?"

I heard his footsteps outside the door, and he yelled back from the top of the stairs.

"Yeah, what is it?"

"I just want a hand with this morning's washing up" she said "'Cause if mum and dad come home and it's not done we're both in trouble."

I heard him practically jump down the stairs. I'm not sure why, but in this moment I had a sudden desire to look in Jason's room. I suppose I wanted to find out if he was actually as creepy as I thought he was.

I came out of the bathroom and made my way across the landing. Jason's room was exactly as you would expect a teenage boy's room to be. The walls were a dark blue colour with posters and stickers stuck haphazardly all over them. There was a Guitar sitting at the end of the bed, and a cluttered dusk on the far side of the room on which his computer sat. Next to his computer was a small trunk that had two tiny drawers on the front of it. The right hand side one was open slightly. Curious, I opened the drawer and there was nothing but a single USB stick.

Knowing I didn't have long, I put the stick into the USB port of his computer and opened it up on file explorer. What I found was several pictures, most of which were of girls, and it was safe to say there was not much clothing involved. Several of the pictures were of friends of mine, taken from Facebook, but the vast majority of them were of me. There were a couple from my holiday in Turkey the previous summer, and quite a few from various house parties I had been to. It was quite un-nerving to see even though I knew I should have expected something like this. But there were other pictures on here that I was not expecting to see at all.

There were five screenshots of what were recognisably Facebook status updates, and the icons were only small but I could tell from the profile pictures that all them were from me. I was very interested to know what status updates could have been of interest to him, so I opened the first one:

10 minutes into this lesson and I already have to pee really bad

I clicked another:

On my way to Brighton and I desperately need a wee. we either have to stop soon or im gonna have a little accident lol xx

And another:

Im locked out and I have to pee. what do I do? :(

And another:

Teacher wont let me go to the toilet. she wont find it quite so funny when she has to mop up my piss lol xx

And finally, I opened the last one:

Do you ever have to pee so bad that when you finally do its like aaaaaah so good lol

Upon reading these, my first thought was that clearly I needed to stop over-sharing on Facebook. But that thought was immediately drowned out by the sudden disgusting feeling that I felt. Looking at these pictures knowing exactly what Jason did every time he looked at them made me feel sick. I felt dirty. Every time I peed in their house I was giving Jason something else to wank over.

At the same time as I realised this, I realised that even though I only went a few minutes ago, I already had to pee again.

*004*2015-12-03 22:47

Ok, here is Chapter 2. This one was much harder to write than the first because, as Night Rain said, there's so many different ways it could go. I hope the way I have chosen prooves to be interesting.

Chapter 2: All For Him

I had several thoughts going round my head, so many that I stood in Jason's room for several minutes trying to process all of them. I wasn't sure why it was such a big deal, I always knew he had a weird obsession with me, but I never would have thought I had the leading role in his fucking wank-bank. Surely this was the difference between a weird obsession and stalking? But then again, everything here was shared publicly by me in the first place, making it all accessible to him. I'm sure if I were a fourteen year old boy and my older sister had a super hot friend like me then I would wanna pleasure myself to the image of her as well.

I figured I was just gonna have to be careful. But then, what was I meant to do? Hold my pee for the next several hours and then never come here again?

As soon as I realised how long I had been standing there I quickly started to put everything back where I found it. I was just in the process of adjusting the drawer on the trunk so that it was open slightly when I heard Lee calling up the stairs again.

"Sian?"

Lee's door was open, making it easy to make my escape. Acting quickly and quietly I snuck into Lee's room, sat down on her bed, grabbed her photo album from the top shelf of her bookcase and pretended to be looking at it.

"Sian?" she said, as she appeared in the doorway.

"Hey" I said, maintaining my neutral face. Lying was one of my many talents.

"Ah" she said, smiling "Feeling the nostalgia?"

"Yeah" I said "I do kinda miss school in a way. There are several people I'll be happy to never see again though."

"Unless they end up going to college with us" Lee said.

"Oh shit, I hadn't thought of that" I said "Wait. No, they probably won't. They're too thick for college."

"Don't say that yet" Lee said "For all you know we might be too thick for college."

"Who, us?" I said, laughing "Nah!"

I looked down at the random page I had opened the album on, and saw that it contained pictures of a party that Lee and I went to at our friend Shannon's house. I had seen a couple of these pictures just a few minutes ago in Jason's private collection. It was a surreal moment, but I still kept my neutral face.

I looked up at Lee, who was still standing in the doorway dancing on the spot slightly.

"Just wanted to ask" Lee said "Are you wanting to go back in the pool at all?"

"Nah, that's alright" I said "I've had enough for today."

"Cool" she said "Would you mind just coming to help me empty it and deflate it and everything?"

"Yeah, sure" I said.

"Thanks" Lee said "I just need to go for a piss first."

"Wait" I said, instinctively wanting to seize the opportunity "I need to go as well, let me come in with you."

"Shit" she said "You been up here all this time and you've still not been?"

"No, I have" I said "But, well, you know me."

"Yes I do" she said, smiling "You're the fucking piss queen. My mum still hasn't forgiven you for making her stop on the way back from Leicester."

"Yeah?" I said "Well, I really did have to go so it was either that or go all over the car seat, which I'm sure she wouldn't have appreciated."

"Yeah" Lee said "If you wanna come in the toilet with me can you please hurry up cause I'm absolutely fucking dying."

In the short walk from Lee's room to the bathroom I relived the memory of the trip back from Leicester. We had been to the theatre to see a show, her parents took us and Jason was with us as well. I had a coke during the interval and spent the whole second half needing to pee. When it got to the end of the show there was a massive queue for the toilets and we needed to leave because her mum had only paid for three hours parking.

I thought I could hold on, but an hour and a half into the journey I knew I wasn't gonna make it. I asked Lee's mum to stop in the next lay-by, which as it turns out was not all that soon. It was twenty minutes before we spotted one, by which time my bladder was throbbing and my legs were shaking. I couldn't even squeeze my legs together it hurt so much. The car had barely stopped moving before I had opened the door. I lifted my skirt, pulled my tights down and without even bothering to conceal myself from passing traffic I just sat on the edge of the car door and let go.

It was beyond relief. It was the most painful pee I've ever had, and probably the noisiest too. Imagine emptying a mop bucket over a balcony, and that will give you an idea of what it sounded like. Her parents, I could tell, were disgusted, but Lee was just trying not to laugh at me. I never saw what Jason's reaction was, but knowing what I now knew I figured he probably went home and had a bloody good session after that.

I cringed at the memory of it just as I sat down on the edge of the bath. I let Lee pee first as she said she really needed to go. I didn't have to go that bad but listening to her peeing made the urge slightly worse.

After we were done we went back outside to try and put the pool away. Jason, seeing that we were obviously struggling, came to give us a hand. We had such a laugh putting that thing away that I almost forgot about everything I had seen on his computer. He could be charming when he wanted to.

"Right" I said "I'm gonna go get changed into my normal clothes."

"Alright" Lee said "I'll be up to do the same in a minute."

I disappeared off to Lee's room, the door was still open and the photo album was lying on her bed also still open. I flicked to the end of the album and found the pictures from our last day of school. I smiled, remembering how emotional it had been. I then put the book back where I found it, grabbed my bag and headed for the bathroom. I almost collided with Lee in the doorway.

"It's alright" she said "You can get changed in here."

"What if Jason walks in?" I asked.

"He won't" she replied "I just sent him up the shop for some stuff. I deliberately sent him out so you could change. Seeing you naked would make his day, and I don't want him getting too happy."

She shut the door and we started to change in her bedroom.

"So he still hasn't confessed to you that he's crazy about me?" I asked.

"Oh come on" she said "He's the very definition of socially awkward. Plus, if he was gonna talk to someone about that it wouldn't be me. I'm only his sister after all."

At this point I really wanted to talk about what I'd seen on the USB stick, but I didn't want to humiliate Jason like that. Instead, I confessed something else to her.

"You know" I said "I sometimes put stuff on Facebook just to see if he'll like it."

This was true. I hadn't really even thought about it before, but there were several things I did that were mostly for Jason's benefit.

"You're such a fucking tease" Lee said, smiling.

"Yeah, but I'm a loveable tease" I said, smiling back.

In truth, she was right. I had been a bit of a tease, I had been able to make Jason crazy because I knew how to. And thinking about this made me change my perspective on the whole situation. I had learnt something new about him that day, something else that pushed his buttons. And by god, was I gonna tease him with that now too.

*006*2015-12-05 18:40

Time for chapter 3!

Chapter 3: Let the Games Begin

Jason came home about half an hour later, opening and closing the front door loudly making his presence known.

"I'm home Valerie" he shouted up the stairs. Lee's family were the only people who she allowed to use her real name.

"There he is" Lee said "I better go and help the little bugger with the shopping."

"I'll come help" I said.

"There's not that much really" she said.

"He probably wants to see me, it's been, what, like a whole forty minutes?" I said.

"How tragic that he had to wait so long" Lee said, sarcastically.

Both of us, now fully dressed, went down to the kitchen to help put the shopping away. Lee was dressed in a plain black t-shirt and denim shorts, which seemed to be her default outfit these days.

"It's alright, it's done" Jason said when we offered to help "Was only a couple of bits."

He smiled at me, and I knew with this meant. He was trying to impress me with his generosity. This was my queue to give the appropriate response.

"Aww, we would have done it " I said "You went all the way to the shop, did the shopping and walked all the way back."

"No, it's fine" he said "Are you guys having more to drink?"

"Why, do you want some?" Lee said.

"No, I was just gonna make tea" Jason said "Thought you might like some."

He smiled at me again. I knew what he was doing this time. The tea doubled as a friendly gesture and a tool for filling up my bladder, the perfect device for getting me in his good books and possibly getting to see me desperate. I played along.

"I would love one actually" I said, giving him the biggest smile I could muster without making it look fake "Thanks J."

"Valerie?" he said "You want one?"

"Yeah, go on then" she said.

It was bizarre to think that there was this secret game going on between Jason and me, but Lee knew nothing about it and Jason didn't even know that I knew I was playing. As far as Lee was concerned, this tea was just tea. And that's what Jason thought I would think too.

Lee and me moved into the living room and sat down at the dining table, shortly followed by Jason who came out with three cups of tea. The tea itself was actually most welcome.

"Thanks J" I said, taking a sip.

"If you were staying the night and my folks weren't coming home later then I would have suggested we hit the drink again" Lee said "But if they came home and I was drunk I wouldn't be able to hide it from them."

"I wouldn't really want any more anyway" I said "You know what drink does to me."

"I don't think I've ever seen you drunk" Jason said, as if it were another secret desire of his.

"I don't really get that drunk" I said "But it does have an effect on me, like I've had two glasses of Rosé and I've been for a wee twice since then, and I already need to go again."

I sipped my tea again, trying to keep my famous neutral face while I examined Jason's facial reaction to this rather open statement I had just made.

"Oh wow" Lee said "We're on the subject of piss again."

I laughed, Jason seemed keen to get involved in the conversation.

"We were talking earlier about that time we had to stop the car so I could pee" I said to Jason "On the way back from the theatre."

"Oh, yeah" Jason said, I could sense many thoughts going through his head as he said this "How bad did you actually have to go? I was a bit concerned for you, you looked like you were really in pain."

"I was" I said "I had to go so bad. If I hadn't been in your parents car I would have just said fuck it and wet myself, but I since I like you both and don't want your parents to hate me I decided against it."

"Would you have made it, do you think?" Jason said "If we hadn't stopped?"

"I don't know" I said "If I managed to get home without peeing myself then I imagine the pain would have been unbearable. In fact, to be honest, I probably wouldn't have even bothered going in the house I would have just squatted behind the car on the driveway."

I could tell Jason was willing his penis not to get hard while I was telling him all this, yet he didn't want me to stop.

"Is that the worst you've ever had to go?" Jason asked.

"Yeah, definitely" I said "There was a couple of times in school, in lessons and exams and stuff, but I've never been that close to losing it."

"How long had you been holding for?" Lee asked.

"I dunno, like three hours" I said.

"That's not that bad" Lee said "You really had to go that bad after only three hours?"

"You think you could hold for longer?" I asked.

"I've held for way longer than that!" Lee said "In fact, how badly do you need a piss right now?"

"Ish" I said.

"Me too. " Lee said, looking up at the clock on the wall "I make it half past three now. How about we try and make and it make it til my parents get home at seven? Whoever wets first looses and has to give the winner twenty pounds. Deal?"

I looked over at Jason, who was not as skilled as I was at hiding his facial expressions. I had seen this expression on his face many a time, and I knew it only came when he was intensely excited about something.

I admit, I was not keen on the idea of taking part in this, as I was sure to loose and I didn't really fancy getting so desperate that it hurt, but as I looked over at Jason his enthusiasm was actually infectious. It didn't seem like he was even trying to hide his expression. As I enjoyed watching him squirm, I decided to let his eagerness sway me.

"Ok, you're on" I said "But to add to the challenge, we have to finish our tea and then straight after that we've gotta finish the Rosé."

"Done" she said, holding out her hand for me to shake it, which I did.

I couldn't shake the feeling that I had just made a terrible mistake, surely I knew that this could not end well for me? It was common knowledge among my friends, my family and anyone that knew me that I did not have a very big bladder. But I had always made it, not once had any of my desperate episodes ended in me wetting myself, and I suddenly wondered if I was still gonna be able to say that at the end of the night. What I did know was that Lee was now player three in this insane little game that me and Jason had started.

*009*2015-12-05 22:30

{{:

I wonder who will win Lee or Sian,Keep up the good work

}}

Interesting question, you'll just have to wait til next time to find out

*011*2015-12-07 00:25

Time for chapter 4! Thanks so much to everyone that has said nice things about this story, I have enjoyed writing it a lot and have become quite attached to these two characters. I'm thinking I might do more with these two one day ;)

Anyway, enjoy

Chapter 4: My Finest Hour

An hour had passed since we finished the wine and I needed to pee pretty badly. Under normal circumstances I would have probably said I could last another hour at the most, so the fact that I still had over two hours to go made me feel sick. I was made to feel slightly better knowing that Lee seemed to be suffering just as much as I was.

"I may have over-estimated myself a little" she said as she held her legs together and bent down "I may not be so lucky after all."

"We can't back out now" I said.

"Well either of us can back out at any time" she said "but whoever does looses."

"We can do this" I said "We just have to concentrate on something else."

I wasn't sure I would be able to, but it was all I could think of. We decided to put on High School Musical (which is awful, but we both grew up with it and knew all words to all the songs, which helped a lot as it meant we could sing our way through it).

It didn't take our minds off it entirely, but we did manage to get through it. It was a very painful hour and a half and only got worse as it went on. Neither of us could sit still, we took to wondering around the room for most of it trying to find ways to comfort our bursting bladders. But at least it had killed plenty of time and seven o'clock was now just twenty minutes away.

Each minute seemed to last a lifetime, but we felt nearer to our goal than we had done all evening. Jason, I was surprised to find, disappeared just after we put the film on. I mean, I couldn't blame him for not wanting to listen to the musical, but I thought he would have wanted to stick around to see me holding. I'll admit, I was disappointed. I was doing all this for him after all.

18.50

Ten minutes to go, and my stomach gave an excited little jump. Every ten minutes for the past hour and a half I had thought about how I wasn't gonna be able to hold on much longer, how it felt like I was gonna burst any second. I was amazed I had made it this far, it would be criminal to back out now. But then I thought about the sweet sweet relief of sitting on the toilet and releasing this tidal wave that kept threatening to break through. I thought about the sound it would make when it hit the water, and how I would let out an orgasmic sigh when it happened. I had to stop because I very nearly leaked a little bit.

"Oh my god!" Lee shouted, as she was crouched down on the floor. Over the past hour we had both said "Oh my god" and "Fuck" more times than we could count. We kept trying to have conversations, but we couldn't exchange more than a couple of sentences before one of us would moan.

We both kept trying various positions to try and lessen the pain, but we were past that. Nothing we did could make us comfortable at this point.

"So, what happens after seven?" I asked.

"What?" Lee asked back.

"If we both make it to seven, then neither of us wins or loses, right?" I said.

"Ermm" she contemplated it for a second, cupping her hands tightly around her crotch and twisting her body "I hadn't really thought about it. Shit, we've both held this long we both deserve to be winners. How about, once it gets to seven, you go for the toilet, I'll piss in the bath, we call it a draw?"

"Deal" I said, jumping gently from one foot to the other, shaking my hands. For some reason, this seemed to help more than anything else.

18.55

Five minutes to go. Lee moved towards me and dramatically grabbed me by the shoulders.

"We're gonna make it babe" she said, breathlessly "We're gonna make it."

"Don't shake me!" I yelled.

"Sorry" she said, letting go of me.

We spent the last five minutes in silence.

19.00

The time had come. We had done it. Without speaking, we both moved as fast as we could towards the stairs. Jason was about to see me at my most desperate, in his eyes this was to be my finest hour. This was what I thought as we moved up the stairs, but as we approached the top we both noticed that something was wrong. The bathroom door was closed and we could hear that the shower was on.

"Oh shit" Lee said, as she dived for the door and tried to open it. It was locked.

"Oh for fuck sake!" I said.

"Jason!" Lee yelled as she hammered on the door "Let us in you fucking little prick!"

We heard no response from Jason, all we heard was the water from the shower hitting the surface of the bath, and that was not helping our situation one bit. I should have known. Of course Jason would pull something like this, but surely he would come out soon? Surely he would want to be there to witness, or at least listen to, the monster pee that I was about to give birth to.

"Fuck" Lee said "Ok, it'll have to be the back garden and quickly before my parents get home."

As I was in no position to argue, I silently agreed and followed her. We were half way down the stairs when we heard the sound we least wanted to hear; the key was turning in the door. We stopped in horror and looked at each other, almost in tears. The front door opened and Lee's parents walked in.

"We're home" shouted Lee's mum.

"Hey!" Lee shouted back, as she tried to act natural "Jason's in the shower. Sian's here."

"Sian?" her mum said "Which Sian?"

Her mum knew perfectly well which Sian it was. True, Lee and I did know another Sian, but I guessed that her mum was secretly hoping it was not me. It didn't matter, I was in too much pain to be offended.

"Sian Turner-Collins" Lee said.

It was at this point that we appeared at the bottom of the stairs, trying as hard as we could to stand up straight but it was not easy.

"Ah, hello Sian" her mum said "Will you be staying for dinner?"

"Actually" I looked over at Lee hoping she would understand the implications of what I was saying "I was thinking of getting back home now."

"Are you getting picked up?" her mum asked, as I hoped she would.

"I don't know" I said "I can ring my mum and ask."

"It's ok" she said "I can drop you home, it's no trouble. Let me just go and dump and my work bag."

"Ok" I said "Thanks so much Mrs Fuller."

Lee's parents disappeared into the kitchen, leaving Lee and me in the hall.

"Right" I whispered to Lee "Come with me when I get dropped off home, and then we can go in my bathroom. We only have to hold for another fifteen minutes."

"I don't know if I can" Lee said, she had actual tears in her eyes.

"You can" I said "We can."

"Alright I'll come" she said, holding the tears back "You know we both deserve way more than twenty quid for this!"

The journey home was especially painful as Lee's mum was driving and needing to pee had become a touchy subject in these conditions. We had to sit as still as we could, but it was not easy. My neutral face that I was usually so good at maintaining cracked a few times, and Lee's was entirely unconvincing.

We pulled up on my front drive and I gave an internal sigh of relief. Victory was close once again. Lee made some excuse to come inside for a bit and we hobbled our way to the front door (we could no longer run). I unlocked my front door and shouted hi to my mum as we came in, hoping that she wouldn't come out and engage us in conversation.

As we walked past the living room, however, she spotted us and had to come out and say hi. We were minutes away from exploding.

"Oh hey Lee" she said "How are you?"

Lee was no longer capable of hiding anything.

"Hey Mrs Turner-Collins" she said "I'm not staying, I've just come in 'cause we both really need the loo!"

"Ah ok" she said "Well, Sian's father's just gone in there, you'll have to wait a little while."

I felt my heart sink. I could feel Lee's do the same. We had been thwarted yet again. We hobbled up the stairs and sure enough, the bathroom door was closed. We stood outside the door, both of us bent over our bodies, legs pulled close together, holding our crotches tightly. We stayed silent for two minutes, just staring at each other, both of us fully aware of what was about to happen. Then Lee broke the silence.

"Oh!" she moaned, and it was unlike any moan I had heard yet tonight "I'm gonna piss myself and there's nothing I can do to stop it!"

"No!" I said "We can make it."

But even as I said it, I doubted myself. And mere seconds after I said it, I released I was right to doubt. I was peeing myself, and it was coming out faster than I could control.

"Oh, shit!" I said, as the dark patch on my yellow shorts became darker and darker. I knew if it ran down my legs onto the landing carpet I was finished, so I quickly ran to my room. I wouldn't be able to control the flow, so I thought I may as well finish it somewhere private.

I stepped over the threshold of my bedroom and ran into the centre of the room, leaving a trail on the cream carpet behind me. I was shortly followed by Lee, who I was pleased to see was also leaving a trail behind her. I had decided by this point to just accept what was happening and not even try and hold back. I stood there, fully clothed, and just let it all out. My shorts were soaked from front to back and a heavy stream of urine was gushing onto the floor all around me. It felt so good.

Lee was still holding herself, and droplets of urine were dripping from her denim shorts.

"I...I can't stop it" she cried.

"Then don't" I said "Just do it."

She hesitated for a second, breathing heavily. And then finally, she closed her eyes and released her stream onto the carpet as well. We finished off in silence, blissfully ignorant to anything going on outside that room at that time. If we weren't already so close, I would have said it was a bonding moment. Once we knew we were both finished, we smiled at each other.

"I say we still call it a draw" Lee said.

We laughed at the mess we had got ourselves into. Wetting myself was not as humiliating as I thought it would be, anyone else would have been highly embarrassed by the whole thing, but to us it had just been a fun game.

Luckily for Lee, I had a pair of denim shorts she could borrow to go home in, so I lent her them and a clean pair of knickers to change into. My curtains were closed, but were famously see-through. We had both spent so much time in here that it didn't bother us anymore.

"I won't come down and see you off 'cause, well..." I indicated the soggy shorts I was wearing.

"Alright" she said "Thanks for the shorts and uh, it was really fun today. We should do it again soon."

"Yeah, definitely" I said.

"Alright, I'll see you later" she said before running off.

You're probably thinking that I could have just changed my shorts and come downstairs to see her off, but there was still something I wanted to do. I took out my phone, and took a picture of myself making sure the wet shorts were in shot.

I opened up Facebook messenger and saw that Jason Fuller was online. Without hesitation and without second thoughts, I sent him the picture, followed by a message which simply read:

Didnt make it xx

*018*2015-12-16 14:35

{{:

I lurk more than post on here, but I just had to tell you how much I'm loving this story. It just happens to hit exactly what I'm into – and even though it shouldn't make a difference, it's nice to have British references.

Can't wait for the next part! Suspicious that Jason kept such a low profile throughout the holding contest – I wonder if he was up to something...

}}

Thanks so much for this, it means a lot as I'm really pleased with this story. As for the britisih references, I'm glad you like them, I sometimes worry that people outside britain won't get them (for example, I'm not sure how many people outide britain know what a 'quid' is).

{{:

Okay, i have to ask... Are we supposed to view Jason as a positive character or a creepy one? Also, does the protagonist like him or is she just being an ### and teasing him?

}}

I think we are supposed to see Jason the same way Sian sees him. She did view him as creepy, but discovering his secret allowed her to start discovering more about herself, and that changed the way she looked at him. This may possibly be the answer to both of your questions

*019*2015-12-28 11:53

For anyone that is waiting for more of this story, it will come soon. I'm currently working on putting together a timeline of events, as I'm planning on moving the story forward into the present day. Once I'm done with that I will start writing the next chapter, which hopefully will include a character that has been mentioned but not yet seen (stay tuned )

*020*2015-12-30 10:44

Ok then, here it is, Chapter 5!

Chapter 5: A Binding Contract

That summer ended up being a particularly eventful one. The day of the holding contest was a story interesting enough to tell, but what followed turned out to be even more interesting. Jason and I started chatting online a lot more after that, and I even managed to get him to confess his feelings for me, which me and Lee had both been trying to do for years. Of course, I had to make it clear that it couldn't happen, at least not yet. But being the tease that I am, I told him to wait a couple of years and see what happens. I imagine he started counting down the days as soon as I said that, but in truth, he didn't really need to. The next time we saw each other was two weeks later and this is where things between us became different.

Once again, I was sat in my stuffy bedroom one Wednesday afternoon when I got yet another Facebook message from Lee:

Hey Sian

My sister's having her 22nd birthday party this saturday and she wants you to come. she said sam was gonna come and pick me and J up and if you wanna come he can pick you up as well.

I replied:

It's at her house?

Lee replied:

Yeah. parents aren't there so we can drink :D

A party at Vicky's house was sure to be an absolute blast. Vicky always let us get as drunk as we wanted, in fact it was her who taught us how to drink in the first place. Plus, me and Jason together at a party was something that had not happened before (well, except maybe that birthday party I had when I was ten and he was eight). My reply was immediate:

Yeah alright ill see you saturday then xx

Saturday rolled around and I was so excited that I ended up basically telling my parents everything about what was likely to happen. I think they were beyond caring at this point, they'd seen me come home wasted too many times to be surprised any more.

Vicky's boyfriend Sam was coming to pick me up at five so I started getting ready at about three. I never much cared for Sam , but I was willing to put up with him for a car journey at least. It was half an hour before he was due to pick me up and I had attempted to look my best, even though it didn't really matter as I was planning on getting so pissed that I wouldn't care what I looked like.

My outfit of choice included a silver tank-top, a zebra-print skirt and my favourite pair of white heels. I threw my crochet white cardigan on top in case I needed to keep warm. I packed my over-night stuff into the same draw-string bag I used the last time I had gone to see Lee, and went to wait downstairs for them to arrive.

The doorbell rang just after five, and with a very quick goodbye to my folks I went to the door. Sam 's car was half pulled up on the driveway behind my Dad's car and he was still in the vehicle with the engine running. Lee and Jason had both come to the door to fetch me.

"Hello!" I yelled as I hugged Lee and then Jason, who seemed very surprised as I had never hugged him before. He turned a shade of red that I had seen on him countless times. I closed the door behind me as we all walked to the car.

"We" Lee said, with a pause "Are gonna have fun tonight. All of us."

"Val wants me to get drunk at this party" Jason said, rolling his eyes.

"You should!" I said "Have you ever been drunk?"

"No" he said "I've never even had alcohol."

"Well, tonight will be a great place to start" I said.

"Yeah" Lee said "You'll be surrounded by irresponsible adults. Perfect."

Lee got in the front passenger seat of the car and me and Jason sat in the back. Me and Sam exchanged hellos which was about as much conversation as I wished to have with him. I had never seen Jason look so smart as he looked that night, he had a long-sleeved shirt on which was tucked into his trousers and he actually had a belt on for a change. Lee was wearing her usual outfit of black top with denim shorts (they were the denim shorts I leant her). She leaned over from the front seat to look at me.

"Sian" she said.

"Yeah?" I replied.

"Want one?" she asked, holding a bottle of beer.

"Yeah, alright" I said.

She cracked two open and passed one over to me.

"This is my second one already" she said "Vicky left us loads to drink in the car on the way here, she wanted me to try and persuade J to drink some but he refuses, which means sadly we have to try and drink it all."

And it seemed like she really meant it. By the time we arrived at Vicky's, I had finished my second and she was already on her third. Vicky greeted us when we got out of the car. She hugged each of us individually, I always enjoyed getting hugs from Vicky because she always smelled so good. Out of the three Fuller children she was the only one I would describe as being skinny. She was closer to Jason in height, and her hair was a much darker shade of blonde than the other two, but her facial features were more or less the same as her younger siblings.

"Can I get you guys a drink of something?" she asked.

"I've still got this" Lee said, holding up her half-empty bottle of beer "I will have something else in a minute, but first things first, I need a piss."

And with that she disappeared inside the house, stumbling slightly as she went. Actually, I needed to go as well but was willing to hold a bit longer.

"Sian?" Vicky said "Drink of something?"

"You got Red Bull?" I asked.

"Yeah" she said "Vodka and Red Bull?"

"Please" I said.

"And Jason?" she said, raising her eyebrows.

"Do I have to drink?" he asked.

"Oh come on" Vicky said "If you don't drink people will think you're not related to us."

"Alright" he said, rolling his eyes again "I'll have a Vodka and Red Bull as well."

Vicky smiled at him and went inside the house.

"That's my boy" I said.

"I'm only doing this to shut her up" Jason said.

"You'll love it" I said.

A few people were standing around outside the house, none of whom I recognised, I guess they were all Vicky's friends. I had been to this house many times and it never failed to amaze me how big it was. Sam came from a very rich family, which was part of the reason I didn't really like him. Was it partly jealousy? Well, yes. I have no shame in admitting that. I suspect Vicky was mostly with him for the money, she could be quite shallow. But I love Vicky, she's always been like the older sister that I never had.

Jason and me waited about for a bit before finding a bench to sit on next to the front door. There were a few people out here but most people seemed to be inside. A few minutes later, Lee returned with all our drinks. She had finished her beer and was already starting on the wine. She handed us our drinks and came and sat down with us.

"Hey, guess who's here" she said.

"Not Dean?" I asked, even though I already knew the answer. I had a feeling he would be here.

"Yep" she said.

"Wanker" I said "Well, we can just avoid him."

"Well, I was more thinking we could kick the shit out of him" Lee said.

We had good reason to want to kick him. We had both dated him in school, and I sorta started dating him right after he dumped Lee. It nearly destroyed our friendship. Then he cheated on me with our friend Natalie and we re-bonded over our mutual hatred of him.

"No!" Lee said mid-sip, causing her to nearly choke "I've got a better idea. Let's fill the bath up and drown the fucker!"

"Hmmm" I pondered "Somehow I don't think Vicky would be too happy if we murdered her boyfriend's little brother at her house party."

Yes, that was the probably the strangest part of that whole story, Dean was Sam's younger brother. If it had worked out long term between Lee and Dean there would have been some very interesting family reunions.

The party turned out to be quite uncomfortable for Jason and me at first, as we seemed to be the only ones who didn't really know anybody. Lee and Vicky drank together quite a lot so it made sense that she would know most of Vicky's friends. Jason and me spent much of the whole evening sitting on the bench together. He was getting slightly tipsy, I was getting pretty drunk as well, but no one was as bad as Lee who seemed to be way past drunk by about ten o'clock.

She stumbled over to us and stopped, swaying on the spot.

"Bitches!" she shouted "I think...J? Bro? Are you drinking alcohol?"

"Err, yeah" he said "You only just noticed?"

"Err, excuse me" she said "In case you haven't noticed I'm a little bit pissed. But good for you bro, good for you. Anyway I came over for a reason, which I've now forgotten."

"It's alright" I said "I'm gonna go get another drink."

"Drink!" she shouted "That was it. Games. They're gonna play some drinking games. You should come in and play with us. In a non-sexual way."

"Nah" I said "Not really into drinking games, I'll just stick to normal drinking thanks. You want another drink J?"

"Yeah, alright" he said "But I'm only having one more, I feel a bit weird."

I followed Lee into the house and made us some more drinks. Standing in the kitchen I realised I still hadn't peed. I needed to go really badly, but I could hold it for a bit longer.

I returned with drinks and sat down next to Jason again.

"So is there anyone here you know?" I asked him "Apart from the obvious."

"No" he said, taking his drink "Just you guys and obviously Sam and Dean."

"Dean" I said "Arsehole. You know, anyone that comes between me Lee deserves to die. There. I've said it. He deserves to die."

"Too right" Jason said "I mean, he hurt my sister so I'm kinda obligated to hate him anyway. But he hurt you as well. And those are two people you don't wanna mess with!"

"Absolutely" I said "You know in our day, we ruled the world, me and your sis. We ruled the fucking world. Everyone at school respected us, but they feared us. Then a dickhead like Dean comes along and ruins us."

"You know what he is?" Jason says "He's a villain. He's worse than Voldemort, worse than Vader, worse than...help me out here."

"Hitler?"

"Hitler!" he agreed "Dean is worse than Hitler for ever crossing you."

"Exactly" I said "He deserves to be killed."

"Right!"

After that rather alarming conversation we realised how drunk we were, but we kept drinking anyway.

"You'll always be queen to me" he said out of nowhere.

"Aww, J" I said "You're so sweet. Really. You're adorable."

I stroked his arm the way I always did, but my hand lingered for a little bit longer. In his drunken state, he smiled at me. It was a touching moment, that was brought to a sudden halt as I had finished my drink and my bladder was now screaming for relief.

"Ok" I said "I'd love to keep chatting with you but I need a wee really bad. I'll be back in a minute."

I left Jason sitting on his own while I went inside the house. I ran up the stairs holding my legs together. As I approached the bathroom door, I saw Vicky coming out.

"You can't go in there at the minute babe" she said "Lee's throwing up."

"Ah shit" I said, holding myself again "Is there anywhere else I can pee?"

"Just pee outside" she said "That's what everyone else is doing."

I turned on the spot and made my way downstairs again. If I was gonna pee outside, I might as well tell Jason. He'd find out whether I told him or not, I might as well offer him the opportunity to catch the whole show.

"Change of plan" I said, as he looked up at me "Gonna go out back and pee behind the shed. Wanna come and be my look-out?"

"Yeah!" he said, dropping his voice as soon as he realised how excited he sounded "I mean, yeah sure, whatever."

I smiled and grabbed his arm, letting him escort me into the back garden. Much to my surprise and to Jason's delight, a young women about Vicky's age was already behind the shed, standing mid-stream with her legs open and her knickers down.

"Oh!" I said "Sorry. I've come to do the same thing as you."

"Ah, right" she said "I won't be long."

She tried to start a conversation with us while she was peeing, which was basically pointless as Jason was fixated on her stream and I was concentrating on not spilling the contents of my own bladder. Her stream slowed down and then stopped. She pulled her knickers back up and wished us good night as she found her way back to the party.

"Right, you're my look-out remember" I said to Jason, patting him on the shoulder "so no peaking!"

He positioned himself so that he could see who was approaching, but could conveniently also see me in his peripheral vision.

I lifted my skirt right up and pulled my black panties down, exposing my bare backside and genitalia to the chilly night air. The pee felt wonderful as I had needed to go all night. I half watched Jason to see what his reaction was, and half kept my eye on my pee as to make sure I didn't get any on my shoes.

"You done?" Jason asked, clearly noticing that I had stopped.

"Yeah" I said "Just letting the last few drops go."

When I was finally dry, I pulled my knickers back up, and saw Jason admiring the puddle I had left on the concrete.

"Thanks J" I said, grabbing his arm again as we made our way back to our bench "Another drink?"

"Oh, go on then" he said "I'm guessing that what I'm feeling is drunk so..."

And with that I went inside and made us both another Vodka and Red Bull. I'd lost count of how many I had consumed so far that evening. I returned to the bench once more and we continued to get even more drunk.

A little while later, Vicky came out to see with us for the first time. I suddenly felt bad as it was her party and I'd not spent that much time with her or even wished her a happy birthday.

"You two alright?" she asked.

"Yeah" Jason laughed "Drunk."

"I thought as much" she said.

"Happy Birthday by the way" I blurted out.

"Thanks" she said "And thanks for coming it's really nice to see you both."

"Yeah" I said "We should do it more often."

"I think Lee got a bit too excited" she said "She's never had that much to drink before."

"How is she?" I asked.

"Asleep now" she said "I put her to bed."

By this point I was at that drunk stage where the alcohol does the talking for you, which explains what I said next.

"Vix" I said "I'm gonna ask you something weird."

"I'm sure you are" she said.

"Can I kiss your brother?"

There was a pause where all three of us had to process what had just been said.

"What?" Vicky said.

"It's just..." I started to say "He really likes me, and he's been super sweet to me tonight and I just think he deserves it."

"Ermm" she hesitated "Sure, I guess."

That was all the permission I needed. I turned to Jason and put my arms around his shoulders.

"Thanks for tonight, J" I said "You really are a sweet kid."

And what should have been a peck on the lips, quickly turned into an intense make-out session. I sat on his lap as we kissed passionately, Vicky looking on with a mixture of pride and revulsion. I let go of him and our eyes met. Neither of us were quite sure why I had just done that, but somehow it felt like the whole evening had been leading to this moment.

"Oh, wow" I said, as I got down from his lap and sat back down on the bench "I am very drunk."

"I'll say" Jason said "Not that it was bad!"

"You're sweet" I chuckled "But I think I am ready to call this a night. I'm gonna go find Lee and go to bed."

I reached over and kissed him on the cheek. I said goodnight to Vicky and went up to the spare room where Lee was fast asleep on the double bed. I removed my shoes, my cardigan, my top and my skirt and took out my pyjamas with the intention of putting them on. I got as far as removing my bra before I fell down onto the bed with the dizziness. With much effort, I managed to get my pyjama top on. Deciding the bottoms seemed too much like hard work, I crawled into bed next to Lee.

I regretted the kiss slightly, and even in my drunken state I knew I would regret it even more in the morning. But in truth, it wasn't bad. I thought about how Jason would be a great catch for someone when he got older. I then remembered that I had told him I would think about dating him when he was a bit older. Had the kiss we shared been a binding contract, sealing the deal on their potential relationship? Or had it just been me being very drunk and not sure of what I was doing? I fell asleep hoping that I would have a clear answer in the morning.

*023*2016-01-04 17:37

{{:

B) dean saves sian from the expertly synchronized chain of explosions that kill off every member of the fuller family, because hes actually an mi6 sleeper agent in deep cover as a jackass teenager, and we plunge headfirst into a world of intrigue, subterfuge, and cool gadgets, where not only sian's life but also her bladder control is at stake

}}

Wow. You have my full permission to write this story as a spin-off (not sure how I feel about the whole Fuller family dying though...)

