Omo based fiction - Page 2

Author: Rain_Attica

*025*2015-10-07 04:18

{{: 

That's excellent news! I'm really glad you like my art, and I'm certainly looking forward to seeing what you come up with.

Your Satele story has really inspired us. We've even been trying to get an RP going, and trying to get more familiar with the lore of the SWTOR era. Feel free to send me a PM if that kind of stuff interests you.

Which original characters did you have in mind? I've been painting some Satele/Star Wars scenes lately, if the opportunity arises to throw in a cameo I might use one of yours.

}}

Honestly, I could have tried harder with the Satele story. I didn't research her nearly enough. I think once I play KOTOR, I'll have a better idea.

The original characters I had in mind are my twi'lek Mizori Maqis. She's light blue, no patterns or headpieces, frequently seen in a black or grey skirt with imperial decorations seen on it. Sort of like a uniform. My other character, I have yet to introduce. They'll be a major part of the next chapter of the story I'm working on. I hope to get that done sometime tonight.

Roleplaying these sort of things is an interesting concept to me... I may try it, though I might need some easing into it. For now, I'll keep doing my creative fiction. I have a great idea for something that terrifies Satele Shan so much, she soils her pants... I think you might enjoy it.

Again, I'm really honored to be speaking to you. I feel like you're kind of a celebrity around here, considering how widespread and good your artwork is. I have plenty of fiction ideas I would love seen brought to life, though my skill is in the writing, rather than with the paintbrush. It may very well be possible for us to have a beautiful relationship...

*027*2015-10-07 08:16

I'm sorry, I won't be writing for awhile actually, as it turns out. I just broke up with my boyfriend and I'm just too depressed to write. I don't know when I'll be back. sorry

*029*2015-10-10 16:15

The Subjugation of Arcadia Banes

Part II

Her prey awaited her, sleeping still. Caught in that state of empty dreams, the sleep serum would provide only a short, blissful intermission before the real pain began.

The Twi'lek agent Mizori Maqis had taken careful steps to ensure her target could not kill her as she had her previous captors. She was bound, loosely, by fibermesh wires, to a chair with armrests on the woman's ship. Her wrists were clasped by two little, metallic bracelets- useless normally, but in the case of this particular target, they would mean life or death for Mizori Maqis. They were made specially, with corundum powder and cortosis weave, and they inhibited use of the force. Typically used when capturing Jedi for interrogation, they had been re-purposed to sap the power from this Sith woman her master wanted so badly broken. Mizori spent a long time, staring at her- wondering what kind of power this woman could have, that would make her a concern of the great and terrible Darth Infinitus. She reached out cautiously, and ran her fingertips along the woman's curves- feeling her breast. She would be pleasing. She would feel pleasing.

Underneath those elegant and embroidered Sith robes, this mysterious masked woman wore a simple, tight black suit. The suit was rubbery, tight to her skin, and was sealed against the elements- she could survive in space, for a short time, with this on. The engraved metal plate and the feathers adoring her helmet were only decoration, and came off with the rest of her robes. Underneath was a simple black helmet, a spacer's helmet, tinted so nobody could see inside the mask. What did she have to hide? Why did she cover every inch of her body, like a celibate? Was it because she was afraid of something?

Mizori Maqis would know soon.

The woman, whom Mizori knew only as "Mist", would rouse, groaning and rolling her head from side to side. The serum made her groggy. That was to be expected.

Mizori waited, took her time. She wanted her to be fully conscious for this. "Good morning~" she said, in a mocking sing-song voice. "My, you slept for so long," She cooed, reaching out and stroking the woman's cheek, or at least where it would have been, on the outside of her helmet. "Do you know where you are?"

"Mist" did not respond, at least not at first. She took her time- Cipher Thirteen could tell, she was carefully analyzing the situation before she spoke. She would have admired her for that, were it not the case that she was ordered to break and humiliate this woman. <She is scum>, she reminded herself mentally. "I am aboard a starship," The masked woman deduced. "Very good. But not quite correct," Mizori chastised, leaning back on the desk she was sitting on, across from the bound woman. "You are aboard MY starship, but you will not know it as that. You will come to understand, that this place is your cell, your torture chamber, and your home, all in one. You live here now," She commanded, hopping off the desk and getting in close to the woman's face. "You belong here."

This elicited no response, which both irritated and surprised Mizori. Sith are egotistical. They are angry, and self-righteous. She had expected her to struggle, to yell and scream, to demand to be let go, but "Mist" did no such thing. She simply waited calmly, knowing there was nothing to be done. Already she knew her bindings would hold her tight- already she knew the force restraints on her wrist would stop her from fighting back. There was nothing to do, but see what is next. "Are you so scared, you can't even speak?" Mizori taunted, flicking her finger against the face of the mask.

"My master ordered me to break you. I am to get information from you, yes, but that's only business- the part after that is pleasure, and that belongs only to you and me," She said as she slid into "Mist's" lap, looking down at her face. "Before we are done here, you will become my willing slave. You will desire me. You will do anything I command you to, and you will enjoy it. You will become the worm you are, deep down inside, and you will enjoy every minute of it. Now..." She reached her hands back, around the woman's neck, to un-do the tight clasps that held her helmet on, air tight. "Now lets see the face my master believes deserves punishment."

"No- stop-" The woman protested, but her protests came weakly and unconvincingly. Just like when she had spoken before, her voice was a dull monotone, and Mizori realized that she could only speak this way. Something had already broken this woman, so badly, that she could not evoke emotion even when she simply spoke. It was both a blessing and a curse- a broken woman already knew her place, and would break more quickly. But it would require much more punishment... she protested a bit more. "Please, don't. You can't-" But it was too late. A hiss of compressed gas shot out of her mask as Mizori unclipped it, and pulled it off of her head.

The Twi'lek agent pulled the mask off, and dropped it on the durasteel floor of the ship, shocked at what she saw. Two long tails of skin unrolled and fell around "Mist's" shoulders, and she looked up at her with eyes barely tinted with emotion. She was practically expressionless, but the agent could tell, she was angry. Her secret had been revealed, and Mizori could see why she had been keeping it. She laughed, as she reached down and pinched the woman's jaw, forcing her lips to puff out. "Is this a joke?" She asked coyly, tilting her head to the side. "You, you who my master has concerns about, you, a Sith, once a member of the Dark Council, you, so powerful, and you're..."

"An alien?" She asked. Indeed, she was. Her long head tails curled slightly around her shoulders, her head barren and shining under the ship's lights, a dark blue. A

Twi'lek. A woman twi'lek, who belonged in a club, dancing on a pole for credits, and she had once been a dark lord. A Twi'lek, just like Mizori Maqis, blue just like her, only a considerable shade darker, whereas the agent had pale blue skin. Head-tails tattooed with streaking black designs, lips painted purple, like her eyeliner, like the color of her irises. The slightest hint of wrinkles pulled at the corner of her lips and eyes- just barely. She was older, perhaps in her mid thirties. But she was still beautiful, if not youthful like the dominating Mizori Maqis. She cooed and reached her hand down, lewdly groping her breast. Mist turned her head away.

"What's the matter?" Mizori asked mockingly as she touched her, violated her body against her will. "Shouldn't you be used to this? Look at you. You don't belong here, you belong in a brothel. You're a twi'lek. You should be ashamed of yourself, for even thinking that you could be a sith."

"You are a twi'lek as well," the emotionless woman responded, pointing out the obvious. "Yes, I am, but unlike you I know my place," She said, forcing her to look forward by taking ahold of her chin, staring down into her eyes. "I know the sith as my betters, and I serve them faithfully, to the death. You? You are confused. You do not understand the position that was given to you, even from your birth. You are lesser. We are lesser. But those of us who are faithful, we are better than those of us who are not."

"Then you're a slave," Mist responded, looking up at her captor unflinchingly. "You behave as a slave, and are treated as such. Sent on jobs like this, to take out the garbage... you may as well be an ugnaut, working on a junk trawler." Mizori slapped her at that- hard, with the back of her hand. It would leave a mark, and force the dark blue Twi'lek to turn her head to the side. "You don't get to speak to me like that," She said, glaring cruelly down at her. "Not anymore."

Her captive only glared at Mizori, just barely, as if it were an effort on her part to summon up any bit of emotion. The paler twi'lek watched her expression, curiously, expecting some kind of snide comment or response, but when she got none she found herself even more irritated. It was as if this woman, this "Mist" knew the best way to upset her was not to play the game at all. And that's what this was to Cipher Thirteen, only a game... a game she was very good at. "Lets get started," she said as she trotted over to a cabinet, her heels clicking on the durasteel floor. She opened a drawer and out came an interrogation probe. "Do you think that will be enough to make me talk to you?" Mist asked, as if genuinely curious. Mizori flashed an expression of glee back at her. This was her favorite part. "Oh, no, this is just to record the interrogation. I will handle the rest of it myself."

The droid floated over and started to record, while Mizori pulled up another chair and sat across from Mist. "Lets start with the basics. What's your name?" She asked.

"Mist," The woman replied nonchalantly. "Your real name," She said, leaning in close. The darker blue twi'lek was silent. "That won't do at all," Mizori said, clucking her tongue with disapproval as she reached a hand down, took hold of her captive's middle finger-

And snapped it backwards.

The finger came out of it's joint with a sickening popping noise, and Mist screamed, tossing her head back. Mizori looked up and smiled. "Ah- so you can feel pain. I was becoming worried you couldn't feel anything." She took the next finger over into her hand, and forced Mist to look back down at her by gripping her jaw. "Lets try that again. What's your real name?"

Her captive spat in her face. Mizori flinched, at the disgusting spittle of this poor alien pup, who thought she deserved a better place than firmly at the bottom, and she wiped the saliva away with the back of her glove. There went the other finger- another grotesque *CRUNCH* and it was broken. Mist screamed again. "I can do this all night, darling," Mizori cooed as she went to the next finger over, her pinkie finger. "TELL... ME... YOUR... NAME!" And she started to bend the finger backwards, ready to break it at any second, and her captive whined in pain at the sensation.

"A-Arcadia!" She stammered out, breathing heavily. "M-my name is Arcadia Banes." Mizori looked up at her, surprise written upon her face. "Banes?" She asked. "As in... 'The' Arcadia Banes? The first alien in centuries to be given the title of Lord within the Sith Order?" She asked, and Mist- rather, Arcadia- nodded her head. "Yes. That's me."

Mizori cocked her head to the side, studying her captive a little longer. She took a hold of the dislocated fingers, and roughly- painfully- popped them back into place, as a reward for obedience. "You're not supposed to be alive," She said. "My master destroyed you ten years ago."

"Obviously, he failed," the older, darker blue twi'lek retorted. "And I know who sabotaged my coronation, which means that your master is Darth Infinitus. I should have known he would be suspi-" She was silenced by a swift back hand to the face. "Quiet," Mizori commanded her, and she was quiet. "My master does not fail. He must have let you live- though I cannot fathom why..." She stood up and sighed, kicking the chair away with her foot as she started to pace back and forth. Arcadia squirmed a little in her bindings.

"Arcadia... my little Cadie," Mizori said as she went through another drawer, already having a pet name for her newest target of subjugation. "Cadie, do you know what they say, about training an animal to be obedient? 'If at first firm, and afterward affectionate, the beast will obey'." She pulled a long plastic-tipped syringe out of the drawer, with a curved tip, as if designed like an intubator. Arcadia watched her, but otherwise did not speak- she had nothing to say, and would not give this agent the pleasure of hearing her complain.

"That is what you are to me. You're just an animal," She said as she filled the syringe with a water based solution, coming back over to her new pet. "And I am going to break you. My master instructed me, you are to be broken, degraded, made to crawl. Obtaining information from you is only a secondary objective. First, I'm going to torture and interrogate you. Then, I am going to humiliate and degrade you. And after, I'll coddle you... make everything better again. I'll do this every day, until you're just right." She flicked the tip of the syringe to get rid of any air bubbles, and sat her skirt-covered bottom on Arcadia's lap, taking hold of her jaw and forcing her mouth open.

Then, she stuck it down Arcadia's throat, pushing the plunger, forcing whatever was inside down into her stomach, the dark blue twi'lek gagging and struggling the whole while, pulling at her restraints, but they wouldn't even budge. Mizori watched the restraints work and smiled. This woman, she was too reliant upon the force. Without it, she probably got winded walking up a set of stairs. Her weakness would be easy to exploit. "When I'm done with you, you will fear me, you will love me, and your self esteem will be sufficiently curbed. You will need me and want me. I will wrap you fully around my finger, and then, only then, will my master kill you." She finished pumping the fluid into the woman's belly, and slid off her lap to put the needle away, dumping the tip into a biohazard container.

Arcadia gagged and coughed as the tube slid out, bending forward and dry swallowing. She sat back up right, calmed down. "What was that for?" She asked, though she didn't sound outraged, as if it were actually impossible for her to be angry about anything. "You'll see," Her newest interrogator-slash-dominatrix replied, starting to un-do the thick wires that held Arcadia to her chair. Immediately the twi'lek attempted to escape from the room, and Mizori grabbed her wrist and slammed her against the wall. "Don't try anything," she warned as Arcadia grunted and Cipher Thirteen pinned her against the wall with her wrist behind her back.

"You're weaker than me. There are no weapons on this ship. I've even thrown away your lightsaber, you won't need it anymore. You're my slave. Slaves obey, or they are punished." She started to drag her to the opposite wall, where there was a hangar up near the ceiling. Mizori tied her wrists together again, and hung her from the hangar, so the tips of her toes touched the floor, suspended with her arms up above her head, in that tight black body suit of hers. The twi'lek agent studied her figure once more and bit her lip with a sigh. The skin-tight suit brought out all of her curves so nicely... she couldn't help but run her hand over the woman's side, slipping down and groping her bottom, at which Arcadia winced her eyes shut and turned her head away.

Mizori knelt down before her, and carefully unzipped and depressurized her captive's rubbery black boots, pulling each of them off her feet. "Why are you doing that?"

Mist questioned, and Mizori reached up and pinched the inside of her thigh, painfully. "Shut up," She suggested as she tossed the boots aside, pulling up a chair to sit in front of Arcadia, and watch her struggle and squirm.

Arcadia hung there, trying to be as boring as possible to disappoint her captor, staring off with tired, half lidded eyes, considering just taking a nap. The restraints bit into her wrists uncomfortably, and would not allow her to rest, however. Then she felt it- that growing pang, in her stomach. She didn't realize how long it had been. Perhaps it had been nearly a day, here... she was used to dealing with this. Arcadia could feel pain and urges, but that didn't mean she wasn't dulled to them. Then she felt it again- stronger this time, as she grunted and pinched her thighs together. Mizori smiled with delight as she watched her- it was working.

Arcadia trembled a little bit, as she began to feel overwhelming pressure in her bladder. She realized what Mizori had done- forced a diuretic into her stomach. She started to dance and sway on the spot a little bit, biting her lip and bouncing up and down using the tips of her toes that just barely reached the floor. "Is this-" she started to complain. "Is this some kind of torture method? This is absurd!" She spat, finally starting to become irritated. She groaned and bent a little at the waist, wishing she could at least jam her hands between her thighs. The need was getting stronger and stronger with each passing second. She tried to take her mind off of it, but she couldn't- "Ooooooh, unnh, ohhh..." She moaned in desperation as she swayed her knees back and forth, thighs pinched firmly shut together. "Okay, okay!" She said, unable to take it anymore. "I'll give you more information! Just let me down!"

"Why would I do that?" Mizori responded with a devious smile. She was going to make her say it. "Is something wrong?"

Arcadia glanced off to the side, the faintest blush on her cheeks. "You know what's wrong!" She hissed back, her little pee-dance becoming more urgent, knees knocking together and swaying further. "No, I don't know, you'll have to tell me," Mizori teased, and Arcadia groaned, both in frustration and desperation. "I-I... I have to urinate," She admitted eventually. "Oh, you do?" Mizori asked, cocking her head to the side with mock curiousness. "My, we have such an overactive little bladder, don't we?" She asked. She stood up and pushed just a little on the bulge in the black-suited woman's abdomen, and she groaned louder with agony. "Well, lets see. I suppose I can let you down and go potty. But only if you can hold it in, like a big girl... for another five minutes." Mizori set a little egg timer on the desk next to her, and set it for five minutes, sitting back down and leaning forward, her chin in her hands, eyes on Arcadia's groin.

"Five minutes? I-I can't hold it another five minutes!" She complained, looking at the egg clock. "Then wet your pants," the paler blue twi'lek suggested. "Just like a child.

Like a baby. Is baby Cadie going to go potty in her pants?" She mocked, her mouth in a little 'o' of faked concern. "Oh, my, maybe we should put you back in diapers."

"You're sick," her captive spat back at her. She looked back at the clock and dry swallowed. "I can wait five minutes," She said, sure of herself. But Mizori knew it was pointless. The chemical she had given her worked on a very exact timetable, and in her head, the Cipher agent had been keeping track. Within four minutes and thirty seconds, the diuretic would work be fully in her system, and would force her to lose all control of her muscles. She had timed it perfectly- so that she just barely wouldn't make it.

Mist groaned and struggled still, bouncing up and down, crossing and uncrossing her legs, wishing she could at the very least hold her hands between her legs, she wasn't even embarrassed anymore at her obvious desperation. She simply wanted to win- of course, in the back of her calculating mind, she knew that this agent probably wouldn't let her go, even after the five minutes. But she was determined to prove she could last at least that long- just to shove it back in her captor's face. Little games like this, in her mind, it was how she would maintain her sanity, she knew- she just had to keep her mind off the big picture. The fact that she was going to be executed, the fact that the torture would go on for intergalactic standard weeks, if she didn't focus on that, it would be alright. She looked back at the clock- two minutes left. She danced on the spot a little more, and struggled to hold on control.

Slowly the clock ticked down. Mizori glanced back at it as well, now and again, but mostly kept her eyes on the squirming and moaning woman. Time was almost up. She counted down mentally in her head. <Five... four... three...>

Then, it happened. "Oh!" Arcadia said with shock, looking down at herself, going shock still. She had felt the first spurt escape into her plain, cotton panties. Then another. "N-no, no, no, not yet, j-just... nnnh, just a little... longer..." She looked at the clock, and whimpered with defeat. Twenty five seconds left, and she just let go. She wouldn't give Mizori the pleasure of seeing her cry, as she forcefully peed a torrent into her rubbery pants. The pants were so tight around her thighs, that the crotch of her outfit bulged and swelled up like a balloon, full of her urine, as it slowly snaked its way down the back of her thighs, and dripped out through the tight seal of the hems of her leggings, running over her feet and ankles, dripping off her toes into a pool at her feet.

Mizori watched, keeping an eye on the suit. Not a drop escaped through it except at the ankles, where the golden pool was growing bigger and bigger. Arcadia hung her head with shame, and Mizori felt her panties grow damp with arousal. "Uh oh!" She taunted, standing up and coming over to get a closer look. "It looks like someone's having an accident. Guess you aren't ready for big girl pants, after all."

That was when Arcadia realized, that despite how humiliating, how degrading this was... it was actually rather arousing. It felt -so- good to pee, so good to wet herself, that she actually moaned with sexual pleasure. It felt good to be degraded like this. She bit her lip and sighed happily from the relief, as the swollen rubber around her crotch grew smaller and smaller. Her bladder fully emptied, but it took at least a minute for the pee to fully drain out of her tight suit.

"I think you need some punishment," Mizori said, lewdly rubbing her fingers into Arcadia's pussy through her suit. The woman moaned. <Maker, how long has it been since I was touched?> Arcadia thought to herself. Then, Mizori began to spank her. "Ohh!" She squealed as the first smack connected with her butt. "Nnnh!" The next one came, and the next one, and next one, and Mizori smiled and laughed at her the whole time. "Pissy little babies like you need to be spanked," She said as she delivered another smack with her hand. "Or they never learn their lesson."

A short time later, she came off the hook, and was guided gently back to the chair, legs trembling, her panties soaked with piss and full of cum. She sat down in the chair willingly, physically exhausted from the stress of the ordeal. "Now it's time for the reconditioning. You go to sleep, right there, my wet little Cadie," Mizori responded as she pulled a little vial out of her skirt, and opened it underneath Arcadia's nose. It would knock her right out. "I'll make sure to change you and clean everything up, while you're asleep. And when you wake up..." the last thing Arcadia remembered before the blackness came to her was her captor giggling.

"You'll be a whole new woman..."

*032*2015-10-13 15:42

This chapter is dedicated to Livinginfinite. Enjoy~

Oh, also, this particular chapter is VERY graphic and sexual. I'll be putting it in spoilers.

Explicit Content

The Subjugation of Arcadia Banes

Part III

Hours later, Arcadia stirred. Her eyes fluttered open, still feeling groggy from the drugging. She groaned, and held her hand to her forehead.

She felt a softness, all around her. As she fully awakened, she realized she was lying in a bed, tucked in comfortably, the sheets up around her shoulders, her hairless dark blue head resting against thick pillows. She was no longer restrained. She massaged her wrists as she pushed herself upright a little, the sheets falling off her chest and bunching up around her waist. She was wearing something... strange. "What is this?" She asked herself aloud as she swung her legs out from under the covers, sitting on the edge of the bed.

She was wearing a little pink nightie, her ample breasts covered by a lacy, risque bra, attached to which was a thin, see-through silken gown that draped down to her hips, the same shade of light pink. Rather than a pair of panties that would complete the outfit, she had been dressed in a tight fitting pair of silky pink pants. She pulled the waistband of the pants out, and inspected herself- still wearing panties underneath. For a split second she wondered why she would be dressed like this- then she remembered what her captor had done to her before the blackout. The simple memory that she was a prisoner made her shiver. <She's going to make me piss in these pants,> She thought to herself.

She looked to the other end of the room to see her captor- Cipher Thirteen, the twi'lek Mizori Maqis- sitting with her legs crossed in a reclining chair, reading a book. It was a real, actual book- ink printed on pages bound in a thick sleeve. Arcadia was almost jealous. She hadn't held a real book in her hands in years. It was a luxury, in this day and age, where everything written was contained in datapads and holoprojectors. Mizori noticed her, and smiled- not a smile of malice, but of genuine pleasure to see her awake. "Aw. Did my little pet sleep well?" She asked. Mist- rather, Arcadia, fought the urge to curse at her and simply nodded. "Good. You didn't wet the bed, did you? No?" She asked as the other twi'lek shook her head in response. "Good. It's a pain to wash those sheets." She stood up, and noticed Arcadia staring longingly at the paperback book.

"Do you like this?" Mizori asked, lifting the book. "It's a rare sight," Arcadia responded, without bashfulness. Mizori nodded her agreement.

"It cost me a lot, but that doesn't matter to me. I had to have it. I have a collection, on the ship. A little bookshelf. It was necessary. There's nothing here on this ship that connects to the outer galaxy. No holonet, no tele-holo, no communications relay... no way you could ever call for help. The only things I have to entertain myself are these books..." She shut the book suddenly, with only one hand, the clap of the pages smacking together creating dramatic punctuation in her sentence. "These books... and you, that is."

The lighter blue twi'lek gestured to a nearby chair, across from her. "Have a seat," she suggested. Arcadia just stood there. She didn't want to seem so hopelessly obedient. As a result, Mizori glared at her. "SIT," She ordered, and all of a sudden Arcadia sat. She looked around, not understanding what had just happened to her. She sat down automatically. She had no control over the action she took. "What was that?" she asked herself. Her captor smiled, happy to explain.

"That would be due to the conditioning, dear pet," She said as she came over, fondly petting Arcadia's lekku, as if she were an animal and not a person. "What do you think I did to you? You're fully under my control, now. Hypnosis, brain washing, SLV serums... I used them all on you. You're mine," She said, giving Arcadia a little flick on the nose. "I can make you do anything. Vocal cues, physical cues, even certain smells and tastes will force your body to react. And I've programmed you very well... there are so many things I can make you do."

Arcadia stood up, pouting just a little bit. It wasn't a very convincing pout. She was furious, but she couldn't express it, with her emotionless face. "What did you do?" She asked indignantly. "What are you going to make me do?" The light blue woman smirked. She reached out slowly, carefully... her fingers started near the base of Arcadia's ear, and stroked tenderly, sensually, down to her chin. "Something like this, perhaps..."

The dark blue twi'lek prisoner shuddered and moaned, a tremor running through her entire body, from the simple stroke of her cheek. She suddenly felt it wash over her lap. A hot, spreading wetness. She turned her head to look down- but she didn't do that on purpose, it was more of the conditioning. She was forced to watch as urine spread across the lap of her pink silky pants, forced to quietly observe as she uncontrollably wet herself. This time it wasn't out of desperation, it wasn't even because she was forced to. She still had control over her bladder- she was wetting herself on PURPOSE. She -wanted- to pee, and she couldn't explain why. "O-ooh..." She sighed. It felt good. It felt sexually pleasurable.

"U-unnh...." She moaned again, as the wetness pooled just under her pleasantly formed ass cheeks, as dozens of rivulets trickled down the back of her thighs and between her legs. "Nnnnh, h-how..." She murmured as she continued to pee, the rivulets forming together to create a messy wet patch that stretched to her knees, dripping onto the floor between her legs, running over the back of her thighs. "How are you... making me... unnnh, why... w-why does it feel so good..." She arched her back and moaned again. It wasn't the conditioning anymore- it was her own needs that made her reach a hand around and start to rub two fingers into her needy pussy, as she continued to wet herself, the puddle at her feet growing wider and wider. Arcadia felt her knees go weak, and she collapsed back into the chair she had been forced to sit in, sliding her hand into her waistband and shamelessly thrusting two fingers in and out of herself.

Mizori watched and just smiled. It pleased her to see the results of her work. "Good. Keep going," she said. "Fuck yourself," She said.

Those last two words echoed throughout Arcadia's head, and she immediately recognized it as another conditioned command- and she couldn't resist it. She spread her legs as far apart as the chair's arms would allow, writhing and moaning in it, as she shamelessly masturbated in her pissed in pants right in front of her dominatrix. "U-unnnh, mmmnnh, yes... ooooh, it felt good, nnnhh, it felt good, I-I'm... I'm gonna... nnnh, ooooooh, oh, oh, oh, OOOOH!" She squealed with delight and arched her back hard as she brought herself to a wonderful, messy orgasm. With a sigh she collapsed into the chair, panting, exhausted from the pleasure. Mizori reached out and petted her head. "It did feel good, didn't it? Maybe if you're lucky, some day, I'll give you an orgasm myself."

Arcadia felt her heart rate gradually slow as she recovered from her orgasm, taking a deep, shuddering breath. The command had ended, and she was in control of herself again. What little control she still had... she looked down at her lap, at the wet mess she had made of her pants, and blushed. "Could I change?" She asked, and Mizori slapped her. She winced from the pain.

"I'm the one who changes you," Her mistress ordered roughly, a chiding finger right in her face. "You wet yourself. You get to stay in your wet pants. Besides, I hydrated you plenty, while you were out," She teased, straightening herself back upright. "You'll just have to piss again, so piss your pants whenever you need to. I understand," She teased, stroking a single finger along Arcadia's cheek. "You're just a little girl, and you can't help yourself." Arcadia swallowed. As if to test out the theory, she spurted another little stream of pee into her panties, feeling the hot warmth rush over her crotch, and Mizori did nothing about it, droplets falling from her chair into the puddle on the floor.

"Now it's time for you to talk," Mizori commented with a smug, knowing smirk, looking down at her poor subjugated pet sitting in her puddle of urine. She retrieved a pair of cuffs from her bedside drawer, using them to cuff Arcadia down to her chair. The mature, darker blue twi'lek stiffened up. She knew what was coming, it was pain. She remembered how the other woman had broken her fingers last time. By now, this inventive, sadistic woman's personality was becoming clearer and clearer to her- and she knew that pain of a different kind was waiting for her.

Her mistress reached over, and flicked a switch on an object sitting on the edge of her desk. A durasteel plate with vents, mounted onto a plasteel handle. Arcadia looked over at it, knew exactly what was in store for her. Her bladder was already filling again, kidneys working in overdrive from all the fluids and diuretics she had been given- and she began to empty it into her already wet pants. Arcadia gave an involuntary shudder as she felt the hot warmth re-wetting her crotch, pooling around her butt, she could hear waterfalls of urine pouring off her chair into the cooled puddle beneath her. Mizori watched her with a smile. "Are you so afraid?" She taunted her. "Did you just wet yourself in terror?"

Arcadia shook her head. Even if it was true, she wouldn't admit it to Mizori. She wouldn't give her the satisfaction. The paler twi'lek frowned at her. "No matter. You will talk." She bent down just a little, enough to reach down and grip Arcadia's jaw and force her to look at her. "Lets go over what we already know. Your name is Arcadia Banes. You escaped death at the hands of my master ten years ago. My master wants you dead, and wants me to discover what your intentions are. How about this? Why don't you tell me where your base of operations is?" Mizori asked, with her head cocked. "Where is your lab? Where is your secret hiding place, hmm? You've eluded my master for so long, you must have some place where you hide."

Arcadia shook her head. She knew what would come from refusal- it was as if she were actually asking for it. She knew, she would have to learn to tolerate the torture. She had some secrets which simply could not be shared. Mizori shrugged her shoulders. "You won't tell?" She asked. "Than you know what you get." She reached over and took the hot iron... and pressed it into Arcadia's face. Arcadia screamed, struggled against her restraints, writhed and cried and pissed herself at the intense agony of the burning. She gasped, sent into shock as it was taken away, her poor cheek horribly burned. She didn't cry, or beg for mercy. She just sat there, and made herself dead to the world. Mizori burned her again and again. "Talk! Where is it!" She would demand, and if there was no answer, the pain would come again. Again, and again, and again...

Eventually the torturer gave in. "Fine. This isn't working," She said with a sigh as she switched the iron off. She opened her medicine cabinet, taking out an unlabeled jar. She smeared this sort of paste... a soothing, herbal coolant, mixed together with bio-engineered nanobots designed to repair Arcadia's poor, scalded skin. It acted quickly. She wiped it away with a cloth, and after no time at all, there was no physical evidence at all Arcadia had been tortured. Only the emotional scarring. "Why don't you just force me to tell you, with your conditioning?" Arcadia spat at her, bitter about the pain inflicted upon her. Mizori shook her finger back and forth in a 'no no no' sort of gesture. "Because, pet, that's no fun. Now, lets see... I think I know something I can do..." She undid the handcuffs on the chair, and Arcadia was free to stand again.

The twi'lek victim stood and massaged her wrists, glaring at her captor as Mizori turned her back on her to dig through her closet. "Where did I put that..." She murmured to herself. Arcadia snatched up one of the handcuffs. It was crude, and likely would not be effective... but it would do. She crept up behind Mizori, and prepared to slip the cuffs around her neck. But then... "Ah! Here it is." She pulled something out of the closet, and turned around, slipping it onto her face.

Arcadia stumbled backwards and dropped the handcuffs at the very sight of it. It was a mask- but not just any mask. That cylindrical shape, the deep red coloration, that great, gaping hole in the center, where the face should be, a hole which lead only to black nothingness... the mask of Darth Infinitus. The mask of the man who ruined everything for Arcadia Banes. The man who slaughtered her friends and family, the man who destroyed her ship, who cut short her ceremony, the man who had so much crippling power, all she could do as he put the blade to her mother, her sisters, was struggle to get back up, and scream... she tripped backwards further, as the nightmare took shape.

"You're very afraid of this, aren't you?" Mizori asked, but it wasn't her anymore, it was the deep, oppressive voice of this man she was terrified of. "Look at me, Arcadia." The nightmare was becoming real. This was another part of the conditioning her captor had put her through, but in her fear, she couldn't realize it. "No!" She cried out, forced against the wall. She turned and put her palms against it, pushing her body up to it.

She started to cry, overwhelmed from the fear, tears dripping down her cheeks and off her chin. "No, stop, please, make it stop, go away, p-please!" She was dimly aware, in her sobbing, of a sudden weight pushing against the seat of her silky pink pants, dimly aware of the shift in her bowels as more pee dripped down her legs and a squishy, solid mass started to fill her panties, making them sag, making a mound in her pants.

<I-I'm soiling myself> she thought to herself, for just a second, a blush of shame coming across her tear streaked cheeks. Her waste filled in all the cracks, sagging the ass of her pants further, squishing up against her cheeks, underneath them, up toward her waistband, down the back of her thighs, she quivered and sobbed as she uncontrollably pooped her pants. "N-Nar Shadda!" She squealed out. "My base, it's on Nar Shadda! Deep, under the city! Where the foundation pillars are, under the commercial sector! Please, please stop, stop it!" She cried out, knees buckling as she fell onto her own ankles, her poop squishing all up around her ass with an audible -squelch-, while she forcefully pissed spurts into her panties again and again and again.

Mizori finally took off the mask, tossing it away. The clouds of nightmare faded away, but Arcadia still sat there, trembling. "Did... did you shit your pants?" She asked, looking down at her. She reached down and grabbed her under the arm, lifting her to her feet so she could feel the giant mound on her bottom. "You did! Hah! I can't believe it! You actually crapped your pants, and I didn't even make you!" She teased the poor Twi'lek. "Now you aren't just a pissy baby girl, you're a messy pissy baby girl. Look at you. It's obvious that you can't control yourself. From now on, on this ship, you're not allowed to use a bathroom," She taunted her. "You can just shit your pants."

Arcadia just stared off at the wall sullenly. Mizori grew worried. She didn't actually CARE about the other woman's emotional state of being, of course, but she didn't want her mentally broken. She wouldn't be able to answer any further questions in this state of mind. "Hey, hey, stop, it's okay," She weakly attempted to comfort her. "Look! Look, I'll do it too. Watch." The younger twi'lek went over to her desk, bending forward and putting her hands on it, hiking up her skirt to show off her white panties to Arcadia. She screwed her eyes shut, and her panties tented, and took on a brown discoloration. She groaned, her poop slid out of her, and filled her panties. She did it so quickly and easily, she must have done it before. "See? Now I pooped too. You're okay." She waddled over, her panties sagging, taking Arcadia and dragging her off by the hand.

"Come on, we'll shower together, and you can cry all about it. Lets get cleaned up. Tomorrow's a new day, after all... plenty of new ways for me to make you piss and shit all over yourself."

*036*2015-10-15 10:15

Thank you for your positive reviews, I'm glad you liked it. I'm starting to feel a bit better about my breakup, I think I'm ready to start collaborating with you if you were still interested, LI. Next chapter will be plenty of fun, I hope... did you like the fear soiling? Was it up to your expectations? Maaaaybe are you considering illustrating it?

*038*2015-10-16 04:18

{{:

The fear soiling was certainly to my liking! I'm very tempted. Do you think Arcadia would have encountered Satele at some point? Is your avatar a Chiss? Perhaps I should draw her too. I've got a lot of art to do and SWTOR is also eating a lot of my time, so I shouldn't promise anything, but I think I will try to do something at some point.

}}

I'm glad you liked it! As to encountering Satele, certainly not. She's a sith, and if she and Satele met, it would probably be a fight to the death.

You could consider drawing her together with Darth Zhorrid, or Darth Lachris, maybe.

*039*2015-10-16 04:44

Oh, also yes, my avatar is a chiss. A woman named Attica'ezur'tratthu, I roleplay her on the Ebon Hawk server. She usually wears dresses. To quote her, "Why would I ever wear a pair of pants? I wouldn't feel the breeze between my thighs if I did that."

She's on the republic side, just "Attica", no alt codes

*043*2015-10-19 10:55

I'll come over to the west coast RP server and say hello. What are your character's names?

*046*2015-10-20 05:45

Wait a second- West Coast RP server... you... you guys are on Bergeren Colony? You guys realize that server is a walking corpse, right? 40% of the population went to Ebon Hawk to roleplay, and 50% went to Harbinger to do pve and pvp. I actually used to play on BC all the time, I had like 20 toons there, until I left for Ebon Hawk. It's been GREAT at Ebon Hawk. There's always tons of roleplayers, everywhere.

Nontheless, I already have toons over on BC, so, hey, at least I don't have to make new ones.

Linkx, I added your two toons on the character I plan to play over there on the imperial side. Her name is Varalica.


