The Dawnbringer's misadventures - Page 2

Author: Linkx

*026*2015-08-16 22:01

It has been a while but a new chapter has come. I wanted to write something a little sad but with a bit of a happy ending. There's a lot of subtext involved with Sephoira that I don't really think I could capture in such a short story. Sephoira is a very damaged character and no matter how she tries to hide it through money or alcohol its always there gnawing at the back of her mind. A thank you to blooper for letting me use Izzy and Clementine as they will come into play later in her story.

A new family

I knew it was going to be a trying night from the moment the horizon consumed the remaining glimpses of sunlight I could just tell. I’d finally finished my time working for Clawdette and left without even saying goodbye. If I stayed to say goodbye I don’t know if I could have pulled myself away from her… The long red hair the irritatingly cute face. Damnit why was I so entranced by that woman. It hurt inside and like all things that hurt I sought comfort in the bottom of the wine bottle. It was no different today especially since my mind drifted to home as I tore away from Sheaholm and Clawdette. It was a painfully silent ride and all I could think about was my cowardice. I couldn’t even work up the nerve to tell her I thought she was cute. What the hell would she want to do with a weakling like me seemed to be one of the main thoughts echoing through my mind as I pressed onward and away from my troubles.

I guess running away is just how I’d learned to deal with things. Not that it is healthy but then again neither is my drinking. Clawdette, my parents and my growing public humiliation was weighing heavily on my mind as I reigned in my horse stopping in a small town for the night. Hoping there was a barkeep I could shoot the breeze with at the very least over a bottle of wine to clear my head of things. I tied my horse up outside the tavern and slowly walked in. Other than my sword knocking against my thigh and my boots thumping against the creaky wooden floor it was eerily silent. A lone man sat passed out over a table in the back and the barkeep look wholly disinterested as I walked in. A real charming place… well not really but a quick glance at the wine rack behind him showed one of my favorites. It couldn’t be all bad if they had ’27 Shallian red. I took a seat at the bar and the man looked at me holding his hand out and grunted “deposit”.

He must have seen the blank look on my face that said I had no idea what he was talking about. With a condescending sigh and a slight shake of his head he pointed at a well written sign that read “All women must wear protection or place a five gold cleaning deposit to be returned upon departure providing she has not soiled herself.” I mouthed the words in disbelief to myself simultaneously blushing and glaring at the demeaning sign. I protested halfheartedly as my string of recent bouts of incontinence flashed through my mind. “But that’s ridiculous…” I said with a huff already reaching for the gold.

“No sweetheart, what’s ridiculous is you lot showing up in my tavern drinking too much and wetting all over my floor… or worse. So either you give me the gold or you purchase a diaper from me and go put it on.” He said with a faint smirk twisting his lips. I tossed five gold at him gritting my teeth. I didn’t feel like arguing with him and there was no way in hell I was going to wear a diaper. The man clearly didn’t aspire to the philosophy of the customer always being right.

“Confident eh?” he chuckled pocketing the coins before he asked “What will it be then?” he asked in a gruff voice. “The 27 Shallian…” I said as I pointed to the bottle of luxuriously red liquid. He nodded pulling the unopened bottle off the rack and proceeded to uncork the bottle. Retrieving a dingy goblet he placed the glass in front of me before pouring the liquid in. To him I was just a strange redhead outsider. I kept the pain inside masked well enough and when he went to put the bottle away I held my hand over his wrist and spoke. “The bottle…” He just shrugged and set it next to me before turning away going about his business of ignoring his only chance at a decent tip that night. That first glass… it’s like a velvet caress as it goes down your throat that brings along fuzzy warmth you can lose yourself in.

I slowly began to unwind giving into my addiction but every time I looked down into my glass the swirling red liquid just reminded me of her hair. I quickly finished the glass before pouring another and another. By glass four I was feeling comfortably numb my thoughts a mix of disconnected self-introspection and wandering non sequiturs brought on by my growing inebriation. The wine wasn’t helping as much as I’d hoped despite how I savored the taste. My shattered home life was making me sick and I was longing to just hear my parents say they were proud of me. I think I was almost in tears at that point. There was maybe a glass left in the bottle and the room was nearly spinning around me. I tossed enough gold on the bar top to cover the bottle of wine minus my deposit of course and made my way out; I hadn’t pissed on his precious barstool so he could go fuck himself for all I cared.

I didn’t remember walking being so difficult as I stumbled out of the bar wine bottle in hand. It was late out and I needed to find a place to crash as passing out in an alley didn’t sound that appealing. “One foot in front of the other…” I managed to get out of the bar repeating that to myself nearly losing my balance multiple times. Leaning against the door frame I took a deep breath filling my lungs with the cool crisp air of the isolated town. The chill night air sharpened my senses slightly but really it just made me acutely aware of the wine that had gone right through me resulting in a very full bladder. From the alley beside me I heard a surprised shriek and a low growling. The sudden scream was enough to loosen the tenuous hold over my bladder briefly. A sudden surge of warmth filled my panties before I surprisingly managed to stop it and a singular rivulet of pee traced its way down my leg.

As much as I like to deny it sometimes I guess there is good in me. Stumbling forward I managed to stay upright keeping my hand against the wall of the tavern for support. I made it into the mouth of the alley eyes still adjusting to the dimly lit night. I saw something that instantly transported me to my past. A young redhead was backed against the wall, stick in hand. Her aggressor was a rabid snarling wolf intent on making an easy meal of the girl no older than six or seven. “Get back! I said get back!” The kid said almost as if she expected it to get back swinging her stick at the beast. Her misguided exuberance was commendable but I couldn’t just let her get eaten. She reminded me of myself as a kid adventuring through the woods adjacent to our farm pretending any odd branch was my trusty sword.

I shouted at the creature in my drunken state slurring my words slightly “Leave her alone!” I don’t know why I thought it would understand me. It responded to the loud noise however and turned towards me snarling. Its eyes glowed in the moon and dread washed over me as in my current state I was even more prone to such fears. A wash of pee dribbled out from between my legs glistening droplets fell to the ground and my thighs warmed as I lost control again. Somehow I managed to fight through my fear and drunkenness and I looked down at the wine bottle I still clutched. Flipping it around in my hand I hurled it at the wolf scoring a direct hit as it shattered against the beast’s skull. Shards of broken glass cut into its jowls; I now had its full attention.

With a surprised whimper it paused looking at me in irritation. It was dazed for no more than a second before it snarled aloud and lunged at me. I fumbled for my sword but by the time I was about to draw my blade a fur covered wrecking ball of muscle and sinew careened into me knocking me flat on my back. The snarling suddenly above me, the smacking into the ground mixed with a wine fueled bladder only had one outcome. I whimpered as a flood of golden urine escaped me with a noisy hiss that echoed in the alley audible even above the wolves growling. In an instant I was laying in my own golden puddle. It steamed against the cold night and quickly turned lukewarm. The acrid scent stung my nose but I had a snarling wolf above me that was of a more pressing concern.

Its claws scratched at my breastplate as its jaw divulging rows of razor sharp canine’s snapped at my face. I narrowly avoided having my face bitten off jerking my head side to side before I managed to get a hold of its throat keeping its snarling bloody maw away from me. With a grunt of effort I shoved the muscular beast back and in an adrenaline fueled flash my sword was out and the beast run through. The little girl stared in amazement at my actions but all I noticed was the fact that her pants were still bone dry and I had completely, degradingly urinated uncontrollably in fear. She must have thought I was just about the coolest person in the world but I felt miserable. The blissful glee of my inebriation turned sour and I flopped back sitting with my back against the alley wall and started sobbing.

I held my head in my hands feeling the warm drips of sadness running down my cheeks as I held my head in my hands. The little girl assumed I was just distraught about my accident which to be fair was partially accurate but not entirely true. Bless her heart she just walked up to me and placed her hand on my shoulder. I looked up bleary eyed at her and she just smiled at me goofily. “It’s ok miss… don’t cry. I was scared too…” she said trying to reassure me. “Mom says that happens sometimes, you shouldn’t get so sad about it.” She continued acting almost like it had never happened. I sniffled a few times wiping my eyes completely unaware of how silly the scene was. I, a grown woman of at least twice her age in tears because among other reasons I had wet myself being reassured by the child I had rescued.

Her kind words helped a little and I managed to pull myself up sheathing my sword. I grimaced just feeling dirty grime and dust clung to my legs where I had been sitting in my own pee. The tails of my skirt were utterly soaked and I reeked of piss but she didn’t seem to care. “Come on… let’s get you home.” I said still feeling rather drunk. Between the cold air and the adrenaline at least I felt I could walk straight. The young girl nodded and led the way. As we departed the alley she reached up grabbing my hand holding it in her own. I couldn’t help but chuckle as it looked like I was taking my redhead daughter out for a late night stroll. She was enamored with me, a real bundle of energy. Entranced by the idea of adventure I just saw more and more of myself in her as we walked. I told her tales of my past adventures not forgetting to leave out certain more embarrassing details punctuating my stories with the occasional drunken hiccup.

The time flew and shortly we arrived at a nondescript dwelling. I raised my hand to knock on the door but before I could make any noise it swung open. She was a very unique looking woman, long blackish blue hair and a few strange psionic markings on her face; However at this drunken point in my life she was just a stern looking mother rather displeased at her daughter's late night escapades. “Clementine what do you think you're doing out of the house?!” she asked sternly looking down at her red haired daughter seeming to ignore me. I opened my mouth to explain the situation but I was too slow.

She began speaking a mile a minute repeating everything that happened much to my embarrassment including in vivid detail me wetting myself when the wolf tackled me. I blushed and looked down there was really no hiding it and I took a step back ready to go now that I knew she was safe. When she mentioned my accident however the woman turned to me sniffing the air examining my skirt gaining a sympathetic look. She wrinkled her nose getting the scent of the acrid smell of piss and alcohol. “Oh you poor thing come in. You can stay here tonight, it's the least I can do for helping bring my foolish daughter back. I tried to think of some sort of excuse but again I was too slow the alcohol dulling my usually sharp tongue. Her hand wrapped around mine firmly pulling me inside despite my protests.

I was led to the bathroom where she started running a warm bath for me. She was surprisingly strong I hardly knew what was going on before I found myself stripped of my armor and clothes. “W...wait I can do this myself...” I meekly said as she lifted me up with ease and set me in the tub. “Nonsense.” she said with a faint grin as she gathered my urine soaked clothes. I just nodded as I sunk into the warm water letting my tension melt away. She was just so nice to me and caring I couldn't help but submit. I think subconsciously it was the motherly attention I had so long craved since running away from home I allowed her to treat me like that a warm bath certainly did hurt either...

I scrubbed myself clean and just relaxed in the warm water slipping under a few times as the tinge of alcohol started to fade from my system. I was almost thinking straight when I finally pulled myself from the now tepid water of the tub. A towel rested on the counter and with my clothes presumably being cleaned I dried myself off; I wrapped my body inside it hiding my nude figure. I felt refreshed, relaxed and much less on edge than I had earlier. She must have heard me getting out of the bath because no sooner than I wrapped the towel around myself the strange blue haired woman came in without even knocking.

I balked at her forwardness and she seemed to ignore any pretense of consideration and treated me as if I was her daughter. “Now that you're all cleaned up I'll show you to your bed. Oh and by the way you can call me Izzy... what should I call you unless you'd prefer I just keep calling you poor thing.” she said with a chuckle. I blushed and looked at the ground, my usual fiery bluster was replaced by innocent bashfulness and I mumbled a response. “Its um... Sephoira.” I said as she led me out of the room.

“Well Sephoira your clothes were soaked and a bit grimy but they'll be clean by morning. For now you may sleep here.” She said leading me to a spare room with a set of pajamas laid out on the bed for me. “Those should fit you.” she said still with that same warm caring smile. I mumbled my thanks and moved towards the clothes. “You don't need any protection for the bed do you?” she asked meaning well but causing me to blush as I was caught off-guard by the question. “I... well.. no of course not!” I stammered back. She just shrugged and smiled at me. “Just thought I'd ask... your panties are a bit stained. I'll fetch you another pair.” she said with a smile as she left me absolutely mortified. I lowered my towel now in private. The night clothes she left for me were quite nice; fine silks and quality stitching. I heard the door open and whirled around as she entered again. Naturally I tried to cover certain parts of my body as she seemed to pay little attention to my naked state.

“Oh and we'll be having breakfast in the morning. I'm sure you'll want something for that hangover.” she said before departing once more. Her voice was comforting but there was a hint of disappointment like she expected better of me than to drink so much. I still stood awkwardly one hand covering between my legs the other holding the shirt over my chest.

With more than my fair share of embarrassment for the night I was left in peace. The bed looked fantastic and I was exhausted. After pulling my clothes on I collapsed and was unconscious in a matter of minutes. I slept like a rock not even waking when Izzy came into my room to check on me which I would learn of after I woke. When I did wake in the morning it was pleasant enough. The sun was streaming in through the window and I rolled over basking in its warm glow with a faint crinkle. I blinked completely at a loss for the bulk I could feel between my legs and the noise it was making. I rolled over returning to my back and raised the sheets. What I was greeted with was potentially the most embarrassing sight I've ever seen.

My pajama pants were gone instead replaced by a tight fitting diaper. Childish images of warrior princesses and monsters adorned the garment and I was at a loss for words. I stared in disbelief for a few moments before I realized I had other issues. I had managed to avoid wetting the bed... or so I thought and my primary and secondary business needed relieving rather urgently. With a groan I went to pull back the covers when I saw it. A spider the size of a gold piece slowly ambling its way up the sheets towards me. Its beady black eyes, its furry little body. I did my best not to scream but I couldn't stop myself from letting out a mewling cry of panic.

As much as it pains me to admit it Izzy putting me in a diaper probably saved her from having to replace those sheets as a mewling cry wasn't the only thing I let out. My morning business rushed out of me as I filled the childish diaper. I lost control of both my bowels and my bladder and almost instantaneously I was sitting in my own shit surrounded by the warm wet feeling of a soggy diaper. The smell filled the room and even though I was still hiding under the sheet there was really no question about what I had done in my pants... well my diaper. Clementine must have been nearby when I cried out because she burst into the room to find me clutching the sheet in both hands nearly paralyzed in fear smelling heavily of shit.

Clementine blinked in confusion wondering what had me so frightened. I managed to whimper and point at the arachnid that had me so worked up. She stared at it in disbelief before looking up at me and back at the spider. I clearly was loosing the coolness I had gained with her the night before. She came over bringing her fist down with a disgusting crunch as the exoskeleton shattered beneath the girls hand. The sound almost made me throw up. I don't know how she could just touch a spider like that.

"Th...thanks." I said quietly as I started to recover my composure. The young girl just replied with a giggle and a nod which just made me feel more childish. Why was I so scared of those stupid things and a seven year old can handle herself perfectly fine. I thought to myself glumly as I sat up with a wet squish. The look of disgust on my face must have amused her greatly because she started giggling again before calling out. "Mooooooom Sephoira pooped her diaper." she was so nonchalant about it my jaw almost hit the floor as my face turned crimson hearing her utter those words in the same sentence. There was no getting around it though I was wearing a child's diaper and I had vacated my bowels in it. "W...what are you doing!? Don't tell her that! Keep your voice down!" I tried to tell her feeling very much like the younger sister being caught with her full diaper. Clementine however just grinned and stuck her tongue out at me.

A few moment's later Izzy came in wrinkling her nose as she entered. "Oh dear..." she muttered to herself getting a whif of the foul smell coming from my accident. "Clementine go to your room and play for a bit, leave little Sephoira alone. You wouldn't like it if she announced when you had an accident." She blushed but knew better than to argue so off she went shutting the door behind her. Izzy continued walking over sitting on the edge of the bed giving me a motherly smile. "I guess its a good thing I put you in one of those..." she began slowly. "I came in last night and you were soaked, poor thing." she said explaining why I was wearing a diaper.

"You were so exhausted you didn't even wake up when I changed you. I realized I had wet the bed but she had taken care of me while I slept. "So... are you going to tell me what happened here?" she asked curiously as she took the covers from my hand and slowly lowered them exposing my slender legs and sodden diaper. There was really no way out and she had been so nice I couldn't bring myself to lie to her. "I.... I woke up and really needed to go but then I saw a spider on my bed and I... I had an accident...." I said in a rush as my eyes started to water with shame. When I finished with the word accident I started crying again. I was disgusted with myself for more reason than one and I just leaned against her wrapping my arms around the complete stranger of a woman hugging her tightly as I sniffled.

Izzy said nothing as I sobbed and only stroked my hair gently as I got it all out of my system. "There there... accidents happen to big girls too." she said trying to reassure me it was all ok. Eventually I stopped crying and she helped me out of bed telling me to lay on the floor and stay still. I layed next to the bed legs bowed out in an awkward post to avoid squishing the load in my diaper even further. As sick as it all was though I was reveling in her attention. Something about her caring for me just struck a chord. It satisfied my longing to have loving parents again. She quickly returned with a few supplies and approached me.

"Ok, lets get you all cleaned up." She said sounding rather chipper for being about to help her deal with a messy diaper. I gagged at the smell as she opened my diaper ripping open the tapes on each side. I was actually laying down to have my diaper changed. The embarrassment all seemed to run together and I just looked away letting her do what she wanted. She had a damp rag and gently wiped me clean until my bottom was no longer coated in my own effluence. Once she had finished she gave me a faint smile and got up to open a window.

“There, all clean. Now... I got you these but after last night and this morning I'm not so sure I should let you wear them.” She retrieved the replacement pair of panties she had procured for me. I scrambled to my feet naked from the waist down really not wanting to be put in another diaper. “I promise I'll do better” I blurted out as if I was trying to prove something to her. She raised her eyebrow giving me an I don't know look but relented tossing them at me. “Ok Sephoira but you'd better keep those clean.” She said uttering a thinly veiled threat of being put back in diapers should I fail to keep from wetting my pants. “There are some clothes in the closet you can wear. Why don't you get dressed and go play with Clementine until breakfast is ready.” she suggested. “She was so enamored with you last night you should have heard how she spoke of you like I was chopped dragon food because I don't really use a sword.” she chuckled before leaving the room.

I didn't understand why I was so docile. I should have bitten her head off for some of the things she did or said to me but the attention she was giving me. Even if it wasn't all positive I couldn't help trying to soak up as much of it as I could before I went on my way. She made me feel... loved. With a sigh I began rifling through the closet for something to wear. Settling on a plain pair of tight fitting hide pants and a white tanktop I dressed to find they fit surprisingly well. With the room to myself I could now feel the dull throb of a headache.

The hangover wasn't too bad but still certainly not pleasant. I felt a little sick to my stomach as I left my room just glad it wasn't worse. I walked past the kitchen inhaling deeply at the scent of sizzling meats and eggs and Izzy chuckled before pointing to the door. “She went outside, it will be ready soon.” I nodded and she gave me a glass of water teeling me firmly “Drink” which I thankfully consumed. Setting the empty glass down I continued outside but not before giving a longing look back at the food.

The warmth of the sun reinvigorated me and I couldn't help but chuckle seeing the kid swinging an appropriately sized practice sword hacking at a tree. “Good form kid.” I called out chuckling as I picked up another practice sword that rested on the porch Spinning it in my hand I showed her a few strikes and we turned her morning play into a lesson on swordsmanship. She was a natural but I was beginning to expect there was more to these two than I thought. She beamed when I gave her a slight bit of praise and it seemed all my misgivings in front of her were banished from her mind and once again I was the awesome sword fighter.

“So, wanna fight?” she asked with a large grin plastered on her face. I wasn't sure if she was serious but I just chuckled. “Sure you want to do that?” I asked meeting her grin with one of my own. She was all smiles as she lunged at me using a thrust I had just showed her. I parried but didn't take advantage of sending her offguard going easy on her. I would come to regret that later. She poked jabbed and slashed at me performing a variety of moves. Some of her strikes were what I had taught her others an amalgamation of improvised moves. I wasn't taking it too seriously but the girl was good especially considering how young she was. I'm not sure if she could tell I wasn't taking it seriously but she paused for a second catching her breath when her eyes flashed with magic as she waved her hand through the air.

I'm pretty ignorant when it comes to magic but I know when a spell has been cast and she definitely did something. She took off at me like a bolt from a crossbow. I actually had to focus bringing my sword up to defend against her strikes. They carried little power but they came so fast. The haste spell in conjunction with her youthful exuberance even allowed her to get a few strikes through stinging me on the thigh or the arm. I was working up a sweat trying to keep up with her when I parried a clumsy thrust and with a quick riposte smacked her over the head with the flat of the wooden sword. I chuckled when she stumbled back reeling in surprise.

“Still got a long way to go before you can beat me kid. I said with a chuckle as she rubbed her head and glowered at me. Her eyes flashed with magic again determined to show me what she was capable of. She darted at me again leading with a feint and I knew what it was. I readied my blade to block what I thought would be a slash but instead somehow she managed to turn it into a thrust avoiding my defensive blow.

The tip of her wooden sword jabbed against my exposed flesh of my midriff under my tanktop. The instant her sword touched me her spell was unleashed. I had seen similar acts of channeling magic through a weapon on occasion in the past but never would have expected such talents from one so young. A burst of electricity coursed through my body and sent me flying back. I stumbled managing to land on my feet but couldn't keep my footing and fell flat on my back.

Groaning loudly I looked up to see her proudly standing over me, have I mentioned I hate magic recently because I hate magic more than you know. She looked down at me before her eyes darted down my body and then back up. Being knocked against the ground after vigorous exercise really wasn't helping my hangover. I laid in the dust for a second before I heard her calling for Izzy again. It was then I realized, she didn't remind me of myself but Clawdette. The magic... the determination... the continence. Even her red hair matched the hue of Clawdette's better than my own.

“Moooooooom Sephoira peed her pants again.” she announced loudly. “I did?!” I blurted out looking down. Sure enough a sizable wet splotch radiated from between my legs discoloring the hide trousers I was wearing. I hadn't even noticed until she pointed it out but being zapped in the bladder can do that. With a grunt I pulled myself up shaking my head as Izzy approached from the house. With a sigh she easily spotted the wetness on my pants. “Go ahead and clean her up Clementine, its not too bad so prestidigitation will be fine. Then come in and eat you two, the food is ready” She said giving me a critical look for trusting me with panties. Averting my gaze I heard Clementine giggling as she waved her hand over my wet pants and I found myself dry again.

“Come on, lets go eat.” she said tossing her sword aside. I nodded slowly pulling myself to my feet following her back inside rubbing my stomach where I was sure a bruise would form. Izzy just smiled pointing at the table already set with plates for each of us. “I guess somebody had a bit too much fun.” she said with a faint snicker at my dignity's expense. “Its fine though go on and eat up girls.” I just nodded glumly and silently ate. The food was excellent and rather uplifting. “Your clothes and armor are in your room Sephoira.” she said in between mouthfulls of food. “It was a pleasure having you with us, Clementine so rarely has anyone to keep her company.” she said with a warm smile. I nodded and quickly finished my food excusing myself to my room. I was more than ready to leave and in the process of redressing in my own clothes when Izzy came in approaching from behind.

I heard her coming in but didn't turn around when I felt her hand gently rest on my shoulder. “Feel free to come back any time Sephoira.” she said turning me around to face her. She hugged me tightly and I rested my head on her shoulder as I gratefully returned the embrace. “Thank you...” I whispered starting to feel my eyes water again. Eventually she pulled away with a smile and left me to finish putting on my armor. I strapped my sword to my hips and quickly made my way out giving a curt goodbye to Clementine before stepping out of their house and on my way. It wouldn't by the last time I ran into those two.

*028*2015-08-16 22:42

{{: 

Omg that was so good

}}

Whaaaaa thank you! Your comment is much appreciated.

