Diapers Part 1

Author: Pinkglitter16

*000*2013-06-08 05:18

Hey everyone, Pinkglitter16 here! This is my first diaper fanfic so gimme a break. This is about a girl named Wren. Hope you like!

Diapers Part 1!

By:

Pinkglitter16

I ran up to my doorstep and fumbled with my keys. I was 5 minutes late and my mom was strict about my curfew. Also I had to pee so bad! Maybe I drank one too many cokes at the party?

I finally opened the door and crept inside the house. I quietly shut the door and started up for my room.

"Where do you think your going young lady?" I froze and turned around to look at my mom.

"H-Hi mom!" I said nervously.

"Your past your curfew."

"O-Only by five minutes!"

"Five minutes!FIVE MINUTES!" Ugh, here we go again!

"I know, I know! Someone could have taken me in that time! Never happen again!" I started back to my room.

"Come back here young lady!" My mom said in a gentler tone. I walked over to her.

"Yes?"

"I love you and you know that." She kisses my fore-head."Now go straight to bed"

I go and go up to my room and I flop on my bed then take my sweatshirt off.

I fall asleep soon not knowing what would happen tomorrow.

The Dream

I was at school in nothing but my underwear. I had to pee so badly! I placed my hands on my crotch and hoped the feeling would go away. I started walking down the long hallway. Just as I got to the end I saw the ladies room with a Out of order sign on it. A squirt of my pee fell on my hands.

I looked around and saw a door to outside. I went out the door and saw a water fountain with a water jet.

Another squirt off pee escaped and hit my hands. There were trees and bushes everywhere. No one was in sight so I went behind a bush and stood behind it preparing to squat.

I was still holding my crotch but a small gust of wind blew my hair in my face. I took my hands away to push the hair back but bad idea. My bladder gained control and pee burst out soaking my panties yellow and hitting the ground, hard. Pee ran down my legs and the ground soaked it up like a sponge.

A good 20 seconds later I was still peeing at full force. My pee was trickled down my legs making a small wet puddle around me.My pee started thinning out until it came to a complete stop. I was a complete mess.

Bladder empty, yes, but a mess.

Reality

I woke up at 7 in the morning all wet. Not understanding why I looked down at my bed and saw it was completely soaked along with my jeans. I had fully wet the bed!

I heard a knock at the door.

"Honey, I'm coming in!" Uh,Oh. How do I explain this to mom?

"Honey It's 7:30 your singing class start in-" she stopped when she saw me and my bed.

"Oh,Honey what happened?"

"I-I peed the bed mom..." She got this stern look on her face.

"That will not be tolerated in my house. Into my bathroom.NOW."

I had no idea what the heck she was doing but I went to her bathroom anyways.

She told me to take off my jeans and panties. i had no idea why but i did as I was told.

She walked out of her closet holding something. Was that? Oh,no it was! A package of Pampers for teens.

"Now You'll need these to keep you from wetting your panties again." She sat down in between my thighs and put a pair of Pampers on me. I could feel my face reddening.

"Now now darling, you just have to wear these for a week!

School Day

I stepped out of my car wearing a green sundress that came just below the knee and had lots of pink and yellow flowers on it. this was the first day of wearing my diaper in public.

I walked into the schoolyard looking for Bloom. She was my best Friend for LIFE! She's had plenty of accidents before!(I'm gonna make some Fics of bloom. She has red hair and blue eyes)

"Well there you are!" A familiar voice said.

"Bloom!You'll never BELIEVE what happened!" I said hugging her. I told her all about the dream, the wetting, my mom's reaction.

"...And now I have to wear diapers for a week!"

"Don't worry!They'll be more comfortable before you know it! Besides it's not that bad!You don't have to worry about long lines for the bathroom or stuff!" She said soothing me.

"Come on Bloom time for class!" I said feeling some weight on my bladder. We walked into Ms. Ember's classroom. We sat down in our usual seats and class started.

I lasted all through periods 1,2,3&4,lunch,5&6, and 7! My bladder really,really,REALLY hurt now like a water balloon. And Mr. Alfea doesn't give students bathroom passes. We sat down in class and started the lesson.

I tapped my foot quietly under my bladder pressure. It took everything in me not to hold my crotch. A warm, quick stream of pee dripped into my diaper but went away.

I took a deep breath as I fought the urge not to pee. It would be in my diaper anyways so whats the point in holding it? Oh, yeah.To show mom I don't need a diaper.

My dam of pee was about to burst and leak, but I controlled my bladder. Just as long as i didn't get in front of the class i would be fine.

"Ms. Wren would you like to solve this equation?" Aw,Crap. I looked at the problem before getting up.

218 x 311. I could TOTALLY do this! But then I thought of leaking. But I'm wearing a diaper!But i have to show mom! But i have to pee. OH!Decisions, decisions!

"Um,Today please Ms. Wren"

I sighed and shakily got up out of my desk and started to walk toward the board. I glanced around the brightly lit classroom before I continued. My dam cracked and a thin trickle of pee came out before turning into a stream. My diaper was tight and my desk was in the 8th row.

My bladder felt a little relieved. Then I stopped peeing for a bit. i started and was three fourths into the equation when another trickle of pee escaped. i didn't stop or show acknowledgement I just kept doing the equation.

When I got back to my desk my bladder was still quiet full. I sat down and then I lost complete control over my bladder. I started peeing at full force into the diaper. The warm urine kept flowing and flowing and the diaper didn't even leak.

Soon my bladder was empty and my diaper full and i walked home feeling wet and childish.My mom met me at the door.

"Hello dear! Lets go change your diapy then!"

So what do you think? Please comment and tell me where Wren's next place to pee at is!

Will it be: The park,

The Movies,

Or Home?

Please give me your thoughts on this!

*004*2013-06-09 02:59

Hello! Thank you all for your comments.

The Poll:

Home-3

Park-0

Movies-0 So the peeing scene will be at home! BTW, Wren as a sister who is in collage. She always hogs the bathroom for two hours.No one knows why Here is Part 2

Diapers Part 2

It has been 3 days since the Class "Incident." It was Thursday and I had come home from school in an empty diaper.

I opened the door and to my horror my older sister Kiki was sitting in the living room.

"Um,mom what is KIKI doing here?"

"She's staying until Saturday."

"WHAT?!" I saw Kiki smirk at me.

"That's right LITTLE sister." I sighed as i went up to my room.

0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o 15 minutes later....

I was listening to music on my bed when my bladder started hurting. No biggie, so I took my headphones off and took a nap.

The Dream

I was in a forest. I didn't have a diaper on and I was in a bikini. My bladder hurt and a jet of pee escaped and I put my hands on my crotch.

I heard rushing water and grasped my vagina in a death lock. Another jet of hot pee escaped making my hands wet. I turned around to see what that rushing sound was and saw I was in front of a waterfall.

The water seemed to get louder until it seemed like a lady peeing, releasing her golden fluids into the john. Water swirled around me, the sound peeing never stopping.

Reality

I woke with a start, wishing my room wasn't so close to the bathroom. My bladder hurt so bad now! I crossed my legs on my bed hoping the pressure would release soon.

0o0o0o

A good ten minutes later it was obvious i had to pee. My legs were crossed and I was holding my crotch. I already knew Kiki was in the bathroom. She takes a 5 hour bubble bath.No joke.

My bladder aced for relief. i hobbled to the bathroom and feebly knocked.

"Who is it?" Asked a very annoyed Kiki.

"Wren. I really,really,REALLY need to pee. Can I use the bathroom?"

"Uh,let me think....NO!"

"But-"

"No buts! Leave me alone!" I hobbled into my room and sat down on my bed again.

I uncrossed and recrossed my legs. Oh,I had to pee so bad! I wriggled my body to,hopefully,relieve some pressure. A jet of pee escaped into my diaper. I gained control and closed the valve of pee.

I shifted from left to right, hoping that some pressure would be released. Oh,I had to pee! Another jet of pee escaped, and this time I couldn't stop it. The jet of pee quickly got bigger until I was peeing at full force. The front and back of my diaper was turning yellow and was getting heavier. I peed and peed and peed until my bladder was empty and my diaper full.

My diaper felt hot and thick in between my legs and it was soaked. I went downstairs into my mom's bathroom and waited for her to come and change my diaper.

So? What do you think? Makes sense right? Anyway.... POLL TIME?

Where should Wren pee next?

- The Park

- The Movies

- or A Date With a Cute boy?

Please tell me what you think!

*009*2013-06-12 16:59

Hey! I got a lot of comments so I'm doing a twist of the poll.......A date...AT THE MOVIES!!!! Okay I give you part 3!

It was Saturday and I was practically jumping up and down for 2 reason's:

My sister Kiki is going back to collage and Bryce Anderson asked me on a date to the movies! I got ready by getting a jean skirt on that went to my knees, a t-shirt, and sneakers. I gulped down 2 cups of tea and went to the front porch. Bryce soon showed up in his car(He's 16) and walked up, blowing his blonde hair out of his eyes.

"Hey Wren."

"Hey Bryce"

"Ready to do see 'Epic'?"

"Uh,Yeah!" We got in his car and drove to the theater. On the way there my bladder started hurting a bit but I didn't complain. We found a parking space and walked up to the movie theater.

"Two tickets for 'Epic.'" The lady gave us the tickets and we walked in. We found the room and took our seats on the top row. I crossed my legs but tried to look normal. My bladder felt ready to burst now.Oh,I had to pee so bad!!!

Soon the lights dimmed and the previews started. A jet of pee spurted out and I crossed my legs tighter and it stopped. The movie started and Bryce didn't notice my desperation.

I small trickle of pee escaped and I couldn't stop it. The trickle turned into a stream and the stream turned into a waterfall. I was peeing full force and the relief felt so good! the diaper filled and soon the pee stopped as my bladder was empty.

0o0o0o

After the movie Bryce drove me home and walked me up.

"Thanks for the movie Bryce."

"No prob Wren."

I walked into the house and into my mom's bathroom.

So whaddaya think? This is the last part by the way. Hope you like!

*012*2013-06-15 04:45

Okay I got some comments on how Part 3 was too short so this is a re-do of part 3! On a date to the movies.

Diaper Part Three(Final)

"OMG!Bloom I am SO exited! Bryce Anderson asked me on a date to the movies"

"That's great!"

"Oh, but Bloom I have to pee!"

"Why not use the bathroom!"

"Kiki is taking another 5 hour bubble bath." I crossed my legs on my bed trying not to think about pee.

"It's okay hun! You'll be fine!" There was a knock at the door.

"Oh!Bryce is here!Gotta go!"

"Bye!Have fun!"

I hung up the phone and ran downstairs.

"Hi Bryce!" He pushed his shaggy blonde hair out of his eyes.

"Hey Wren!Ready to go?"

"Almost."

I downed two cups of tea before heading out the door. We headed into his car which was a red accord 2012. I hopped in and we drove to the theater. I crossed my legs in the car and I could feel my bladder pulsing under my diaper. But I willed myself not to pee.

We arrived at the theater and I was forcing my self not to hold my crotch. We bought out tickets and found the room the movie was in. We took our seats at the last row and sat down. I crossed my legs again a little harder this time but Bryce didn't notice. A large drop of pee escaped but nothing came out.

The previews soon started and everyone's eyes where up toward the screen. I squirmed a bit to relieve some pressure. Didn't help. A jet of of pee spurted out but I quickly stopped the flow. I squirmed a bit more but no one took notice.

At last the movie started and all was silent. My bladder now felt like a water balloon about to burst any second. I looked at the screen every now and then to see what was going on. A drip of pee escaped on my diaper. Then a small trickle spurted out and this time I couldn't stop it. The trickle soon became a stream and that became a waterfall and I was peeing at full force. The diaper turned yellow and I felt so relieved.

I felt so sticky and warm!Sure I was a mess but I felt so relieved. After the movie I told Bryce I had to go the bathroom.

I went inside a stall and took my urine soaked diaper off and took out a spare diaper from my purse and put it on. A few drips off pee fell but I didn't have to go anymore. I walked out of the bathroom and we went out into his car.

So please tell me it was better than the other part 3!i tried really hard!I did! Please comment!

