Story feedback? Limo Wetting

Author: FrenchieMcPhee

*000*2015-09-16 01:14

Hey guys, I've started writing Om fiction to sell on Amazon and other e-book platforms. I'm really happy with my first story but not feeling it quite so much for this one. Here's an excerpt- I'd love feedback on whether it's good, or if something needs to change...

An hour later, they were still driving. Her bladder was complaining about all the champagne she’d drunk- the cold air had dried her out and she hadn’t anticipated such a long trip. She squirmed, wondering how far they had to go. They’d left the city and were now travelling along a mountain road. She tapped on the glass partition, but the driver ignored her. She had no idea what she’d do if the drive went on for much longer. She crossed her legs and frowned as they hit a bump. Surely they would stop soon, if not at the end of the journey then at a gas station for fuel and a rest break.

Another hour later, her bladder had moved from complaints to dire threats. She’d tried knocking again several times to no avail. The driver seemed blissfully (or deliberately) unaware of her plight. Squirming had progressed to jiggling in her seat, legs crossed. She didn’t try to hide her predicament. Surely if the driver looked back and saw her, he’d stop? She uncrossed her legs to try and find a more comfortable position but had to immediately cross them again as her body spasmed. She pulled her skirt up to her thighs and pressed a hand to her crotch. They definitely helped. She held it there for a full minute as the desperation subsided. Removing it, she relaxed slightly as her body wrested back some control. The drive continued.

The respite didn’t last long. Her hand made the journey to the front of her panties several times more, each time longer than the last, each time pressing a little harder. Her eyes were wet from the strain of holding in it and her body shook. She debated trying to use the now-empty bottle of Evian to urinate in. It had a narrow neck and she wasn’t sure she’d be able to aim in her condition. She squeezed her crossed legs harder together, biting her lip as another wave of spasms hit her. She had to do something. Even if they arrived at the destination in a minute or two, she wouldn’t be able to stand, let alone make it to a bathroom without embarrassing herself.

She tried rocking her pelvis again. It helped, lessening the bursting pressure against her urethra. She tried to distract herself, going over the route they’d taken to try and figure out where they were headed. Her muddled mind made no sense of it. She was in agony. She whimpered and rocked her pelvis desperately in her seat, then pulled up one foot beneath her, pressing a bare heel into her pussy. She bent forward and gasped as a spasm hit, threatening to spill the contents of her bladder all over the leather seats and her expensive dress. This couldn’t be happening. She was in a car worth more than most apartments, about to meet a man who had offered to pay her more money than she could imagine. She was no street hooker but a high end call girl… not a child who couldn’t control her basic bodily functions.

Unfortunately right now it was her bodily functions that had control. She gripped her knee, pulling the foot hard against her. Her clitoris throbbed from the pressure in an odd counterpart to her pain. She bent double, wracked by a cramp in her bladder. A trickle of urine broke through to dampen her panties. She gasped and tightened every muscle in her body to stop the flow. It worked, but she was in dire need and wouldn’t be able to hold up much longer. Her mind raced, trying to come up with a solution that wouldn’t ruin her dress, the car, or her chance at a hefty paycheck at the end of the night. As another spasm rocked her, she thrust her hand into her panties, jamming her foot against it to hold it tight against her pussy.

She could feel the dampness- it wasn’t too bad yet, but she was about to spill an entire litre of Evian and half a bottle of champagne onto the seat. Thinking of the champagne reminded her of the towel. With her other hand she undid the seatbelt and reached over, freezing halfway to clamp down on another jet of hot liquid erupting from her. She grabbed the towel and wadded it up, debating how to get in under herself without letting go. She ran out of time as piss started leaking from her pussy. Tightening her hand to slow down the sudden gush, she slapped the towel in place and leaned forwards onto it, pulling her skirt up and away from the puddle that had formed under her.

Now that she had the towel in place her body refused to cooperate. The embarrassment of her situation, nerves that the driver might be watching and the mere fact that she was about to wet herself in someone else car petrified her aching bladder. Se relaxed a little, determined to only let a small amount of urine out. She gingerly removed her hand, feeling heat soak her clitoris as she did so. That wasn’t so bad. It intensified, slowly spreading to her entire groin. She released some urine, then clenched her muscles and was horrified when liquid continued to gush out of her. The towel was quickly soaked and she skidded off the edge of the seat, holding herself up to piss on the floor of the car. Her dress was up around her waist but her panties were soaked, as was the towel beneath her, a torrent of urine spurting over it from above. Tears fell. She moaned with relief, while feeling humiliated and dirty.

She finally got control of her pelvic muscles, cutting off the flow of urine once her bladder was almost empty. She held herself up as her sodden panties continued to drip on the rubber floor, pattering over the hum of the cars engine. The car slowed, stopped for a moment. Katrina looked up in fright, realising they’d just passed the gates to the estate. Hurriedly she tore her underwear off, wrapped it in the towel and threw both in the box, slamming the lid down. Maybe it wouldn’t be discovered until after she left. She smoothed her skirt down, perching on the edge of the mostly dry seat. The piss on the floor might go unnoticed by the client, if the driver could keep his mouth shut. There was no way he wouldn’t have noticed her plight.

