Kelly's College Pee Adventures (Part 3)

Author: peelove64

*000*2014-12-25 02:50

“I’m going to let you all out a little early today. It’s only syllabus week after all,” the elderly Professor Henway said to the full class of students, who chuckled politely at his use of the derisively colloquial term for the first week of the semester.

Kelly was sitting in the front row, eager to establish herself as a good student. Having came extra early to class, she didn’t get a good look at the rest of her classmates until she stood to leave. Plenty of hot guys dotted the room, some looking as excited as her, others much more apathetic. Even the girls were excessively attractive, although Kelly was completely straight. She could, however, admire another girl’s beauty. Kelly was walking down the hallway when one of the girls from her class ran up beside her.

“Hey, you’re Kelly, right?” The girl was dressed all in black; black shirt, black pants, black shoes, even her long hair and lipstick were black. She had the typical goth attire, without overdoing it. Despite, or perhaps because of her strange sense of fashion, Kelly had thought of her as one of the prettier girls in the class. 

“Oh, yeah, I’m Kelly. Hi.” Kelly cringed at how awkwardly she responded, but the other girl just smiled and brushed it off.

 “Yeah, sorry if I seem like a creeper,” the girl said, “I just noticed you were in both of my classes today and remembered your name from when it was called. I’m a freshman so I was just kinda hoping to get to know people, ya know? I’m Holly, by the way.”

 “Ah, ok, nice to meet you Holly!” Kelly exclaimed, excited to meet someone nice without them urinating on her first. “I’m also a freshman, so I’m in the same boat. I was actually going to go to the dining hall if you’d want to join me.”

 “Yeah definitely! Mind waiting for me to use the bathroom first? I really have to take a leak.” Kelly was a little taken aback at her bluntness. Holly must have noticed and said, “Oh, sorry, my vulgarity usually only comes out when I’ve known somebody for a while. I’m a huge feminist though, and I hate being expected to say shit like ‘Oh I just need to freshen up’ when I really mean I have to piss, ya know?”

 “Oh, yeah, that’s fine,” Kelly responded. “Actually, that’s really cool. I never even thought of it that way. I mean, if you gotta go you gotta go, why censor yourself?”

 “Rock on! I think that’s the bathroom up ahead, I’ll be out in just a minute.” 

“I actually kinda have to pee, uh, take a leak too,” Kelly said, laughing at the unfamiliarity of the phrase. Holly laughed as well and they both entered the bathroom. It was very cramped and run-down; there were only two stalls and the wallpaper and tiles were in bad shape. Kelly entered one stall and Holly the other. She ripped off a few pieces of toilet paper to place on the lid when Holly yelled, “Goddammit, do some girls just not know how to hover?! The lid’s fucking soaked. Oh man, there’s like a huge puddle of piss on the floor. Ugh, I’m standing in it, ew, fuck this!” Holly slammed the stall door closed and walked in front of Kelly’s stall. “I’ll just have to use yours when you’re done.”

 “Yeah, sure.” Kelly responded casually but seized up a little at the idea of someone waiting just inches away for her to finish peeing. She wasn’t particularly pee-shy, but it was a nerve-wracking scenario regardless. A few squirts of urine dribbled out but the bathroom’s high quality acoustics and her natural stage fright caused the rest of her bladder’s contents to remain stationary. 

Holly, astute as she was, figured out what the delay was and said, “Oh I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make you nervous. Just pretend I’m not here. Think of waterfalls or something. And I’m definitely not trying to rush you but I’m kinda bursting!” Kelly almost considered suggesting Kim’s solution but decided she didn’t want anymore accidental pee showers so she just concentrated on getting her own flow going. After about a minute, a thin, quiet, but steady stream escaped. 

“Oh man, I’m so jealous right now,” Holly laughed. “When you’re done don’t even bother flushing, every second counts right now!” 

“Ok, sure thing,” Kelly said, tapering off her stream. She wasn’t completely relieved but it was enough to last her until next she found another toilet. She opened the door and Holly brushed past her, tugged her pants down, and sat on the toilet. An eruption of piss shot into the toilet and she sighed in immense relief, all while Kelly still stood in the stall like a deer in headlights.  “Sorry!” Kelly squealed and stepped out so she could close the door. 

“Nah, don’t apologize, I’m the one that just burst in. It was an emergency though, I’m not normally so rude,” Holly explained as the stream continued at full force. 

“Oh yeah, I figured.” Kelly said. “Sorry I took so long, it sounds like you were really desperate.” 

“You apologize too much! Women are so conditioned to feel guilty about every little thing. But again, don’t sweat it. I was really desperate, I haven’t peed since I was in the shower this morning.” She gave a few final spurts and exited the stall without flushing. 

“Oh, wow, I’m glad someone else is willing to admit they do that,” Kelly laughed. “Fuck yeah, guys say they pee in the shower like it’s not a problem, why shouldn’t we?”

 “Aren’t you going to flush?”

 “The other stall’s covered in piss, I don’t see why we should try to raise the level of sanitation by flushing. Want to go get some food now?” Kelly nodded. She was overjoyed at having met someone so open-minded and friendly. After having had one rather negative social experience already, it was spectacular to finally have the opposite. She looked at Holly as they left the bathroom and felt a twinge of intense admiration. Could she really have connected with someone so shortly after having met them? It was an odd feeling for someone who normally took a long time to warm up to others, especially other girls, but she wasn’t complaining. It seemed like college was already changing her for the best.

*002*2014-12-28 05:06

Glad you liked it! Next chapter's coming soon!

*004*2014-12-29 17:05

Oh I didn't think of that! Thanks for the advice, I'll start doing that

