Samantha

Author: squirting

*000*2012-04-18 01:37

This is my first post ever. Hope you enjoy it:

Samantha was your typical 18 year old Goth. She despised all that was mainstream and popular. She was a true Goth, straight to the core. Out of all her passions she had but one addiction: coffee. She drank it at any moment she could, and she even carried a thermos and a mug if she ever got the chance to drink on the go. Obviously this led to many close calls with bathroom trips.

One of her worst weaknesses was drinking coffee on her breaks at work. She worked at McDonald’s and her boss, Jeff, was two things: always in the store to escape his wife, and a middle aged pervert. Naturally he was attracted to Samantha’s curvy body, long black hair, and brilliant green eyes. He even grew to like watching her squirm around in desperation, which meant he would keep her behind the counter as long as he could. Samantha had developed exceptional holding skills as a result of her addiction, so normally it isn’t a problem. She had a few close calls and maybe a few incidents of leaking, but nothing too serious so far.

One particular night, however, this was not the case. Samantha was running a little late due to oversleeping. She quickly threw on her uniform, cursing the pants for being tighter than her usual Tripp pants. She barely had enough time to pee and grab her thermos before she had to leave. As she arrived at work she breathed a sigh of relief. She made it with 10 minutes to spare. The first half of her shift went on without excitement. On her break she went out to her car and had her usual cigarette and 3 cups of coffee. She thought to herself that she should head to the bathroom before returning to work, but decided she didn’t have to.

“Fuck, four and a half hours left.” she muttered to herself after clocking back in at 7:30 P.M. About an hour and a half later she started to feel a slight urge to pee. She cursed her stupidity for not going earlier. With three and a half hours left she knew it was going to be a bad night. The constant stream of customers helped to keep her mind off of the increasing pressure in her bladder, but by 9 P.M. the flow of customers had all but vanished. There were a few here and there, but Samantha had a lot of free time in between the customers.

“It isn’t too bad, I can make it.” she said to herself. By 11, however, she was beginning to rethink that statement. She wasn’t to the point of holding herself yet, but she definitely couldn’t stand still. Jeff was in the office, watching Samantha on the video camera. Something about watching her squeeze her thighs together, and watching her tight curvy ass wiggle ever so slightly in her snug uniform exhilarated him. Almost inevitably Samantha began to feel desperate. She couldn’t hold still, and whenever she had the chance she would wander off camera into a corner to put her hand in her crotch to help hold back the flood while she pretended to wipe down the side of the shake machine.

“God this sucks, maybe if I do something I won’t think about it.” she said while heading towards the stock room to grab a sleeve of cups. She had just gotten to the rack with the cups when it happened. She felt a spasm in her crotch and a short spurt of pee jetted into her lacy panties. When this happened Samantha let out a short gasp as she dropped a sleeve of medium cups to grab her crotch. After a few moments she was able regain her composure and pick up the sleeve of cups. Almost instantly Jeff was in the small space where the rack stood to assess what had just happened.

“What’s going on here?” he asked when he saw Samantha bending over to pick up the sleeve.

“Nothing, I just dropped some cups.” she replied standing as still as she possibly could. She wasn’t about to give this pervert the show he wanted. After a few awkward moments in which he just stared at her, Jeff finally backed off and went back to his post in the office. As soon as he was gone Samantha grabbed her crotch once more to prevent another spurting incident.

“Okay, 11:45, only 15 minutes left. I can do this.” she said to herself. She managed to hold on without incident for the last 15 minutes. Just before she was about to go to Jeff to get the okay to leave, Samantha saw something that made her heart drop. A bus had just pulled into the parking lot. Jeff definitely noticed too, and took this as an opportunity to finally get Samantha to lose control.

“Can’t I just leave? My shift is over.” Samantha asked Jeff.

“Not with that bus out there. If they all come in there is no way Susie, Alex, and I can handle all those customers along with drive thru.” replied Jeff.

“Fine, can I at least go to the bathroom first?” pleaded Samantha.

“I can’t have you away from the counter if the customers come in. We have to be ready at all times.” was Jeff’s reply. Samantha knew he would say that, but she desperately had to pee. Jeff got an order from the drive thru so much to his displeasure he had to leave Samantha and go to the back. As if by fate, when Jeff was about halfway to the back Samantha felt another spurt of hot pee leak into her panties. Doubled over with both hands in her crotch Samantha watched the door frantically, prepared to stand up straight as soon as the first customer from the bus entered.

“Don’t worry dear, I don’t think they are getting out.” said Susie from the front drive thru window. She had clearly seen Samantha’s desperate state, and was sympathetic towards her.

“God, I hope you’re right.” replied Samantha. What happened next was as if an answer to Samantha’s silent prayers. The bus shifted out of park and began to roll out of the parking lot and back onto the road.

“Just go dear, I’ll take the heat from Jeff.” Susie said to Samantha as soon as the bus was out of sight,

“Thank you so much!.” said Samantha almost yelling. Faster than she had ever before Samantha clocked out and ran to the back to grab her coat. Before she could turn around Jeff was standing right behind her.

“And where do you think you’re going?” he asked.

“The bus drove off and Susie said she could handle the front so I’m leaving.” she replied.

“Fine, just make sure you don’t use the bathroom, it’s been busted all day.” he said with a small sly smile. He was clearly satisfied with himself for getting her hopes up earlier by “forgetting” to mention it to her. Samantha’s heart sank once again. She hadn’t noticed when she arrived because she was running late. Without another word Samantha pushed by Jeff and rushed towards her car, she had no time to lose. Once she got out of the store she started running to her car, losing a few more spurts into her now damp pants and panties. She couldn’t get into her car and start it fast enough. As soon as she did she sped away as quickly as she could.

“Oh my fucking God! I’m not going make it!” she cried. The whole way home she had her thighs squeezed together as tight as she could with one hand down her pants and directly on her tired pussy. She felt a few more spurts escape on the way, but she didn’t care that it was on her bare hand, she just wanted to hold on until she got home. By some miracle Samantha was able to make it to her house and park her car in the driveway without any further leaks. In one fluid motion she threw the door open, jumped out, slammed the door behind her, and made a dash for the door.

“I’m going make it.” Samantha said to herself with a slight sigh of relief. This relief was short lived unfortunately. As she reached the back door, it happened. She felt another spasm in her crotch and she could feel the pee rush towards her already moist pussy. It started out as a few drips, which soon led to a dribble. She could feel the hot pee soaking into her tight uniform pants, and her lacy black panties. The warmth of the pee excited her, and made her clit tingle.

Eventually the dribble turned into a full on gush. Hot pee was running down Samantha’s leg at a fast rate, and she felt the wetness spread to her sexy butt. This feeling was completely foreign to Samantha, it was different, it was exciting, and it turned her on more than anything else had ever before. About a minute after the first drops had escaped she was done, completely empty and standing in a puddle of her own pee. She felt a sensual chill run up her spine as she inspected her now soaked pants. A few minutes later Samantha went inside to take a shower, and wash her soiled clothing. She was ready for a nice relaxing night, and she was especially excited to explore her newly found addiction.

