Peeing on a Plane

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-03-12 21:42

Here's the start of "Peeing on a Plane

###

A girly holiday to Spain starts well, the flight is on time at least as we climb on board. Unluckily I'm seated next to someone I thought I'd never have to see again, the only person who knows about my secret obsession with golden showers and desperation.

As I queue for the toilet, the plane hits turbulence and we're all told to return to our seats. As the plane lurches and rumbles through the air, my bladder is bursting and my old flame seems determined to tease me until I just can't hold it in anymore.

Find out about the rest of the story here $$

Luna

Chapter 1 A Holiday with the Girls

I was so excited about my first holiday abroad. Not only that but my first holiday away from my parents. Just me and the girls and a week of sun, sea and as much drink as we could consume without bursting at the seams.

“Have a nice time won’t you dear?” my mother said as Donna and Kelly climbed out of the back seats by the entrance to the airport. “Remember to be safe and if you must have sex, make sure he wears a condom.”

“Mum!” I shouted, my cheeks turning red as my best friends giggled beside me.

“Well, I don’t want you coming back pregnant, that’s all.”

“I don’t think there’s much chance of that,” Donna said. “Not with her being a-“

“Shut up!” I hissed, whacking her on the shoulder as she looked shocked.

“What did she say?” my mother asked.

“Nothing. Look, we better be going. Don’t want to miss our flight. See you when we get back yeah?”

She threw her arms round me, hugging me for the first time in years. “Take care,” she whispered, a tear rolling down her cheek as she climbed back into the car. How weird, maybe she did care about me after all.

The three of us rolled our bright pink suitcases through the automatic doors into the organised chaos of the airport. It wasn’t normally this busy but there’d been two day of strikes so angry people seemed to fill the place. Some were relieved to be home at last but others were still fighting to get flights out of the country.

We were lucky. When I’d checked the website before we set off, ours was still on schedule. Or at least I thought we were lucky until I bumped into someone I hoped I’d never see again.

“When are you going to tell your mum?” Kelly asked as we looked up at the departures board together.

“How about never,” I replied.

“Why’s it such a big deal?” Donna asked. “Will she flip out or something?”

“Look,” I said, staring at both of them and gripping the handle of my case so tightly my fingers started turning white. “I have no intention of her ever finding out so please stop talking about it.”

I walked away and the two of them had to jog to catch up. At least they were silent, for a while. We made it to the departure lounge and waited on the chairs for our flight to be called. Donna tapped me on the shoulder. “Hey Anna, isn’t that-?”

I twisted round to see the last person I ever wanted to see. She couldn’t be here. She just couldn’t.

“No I don’t think so,” I said, turning back round.

“It is, I’m sure it is. Hey Tanya!”

“No don’t.” But it was too late. The woman looked up and saw us all, smiling as she walked over and sat opposite me.

“Hi Tanya,” Kelly said, nudging me and raising her eyebrows. “What are you doing here?”

“I’ve got a meeting to go to. Actually, several meetings. How about you guys? It must have been what, a year?”

“Year and a half,” I said. If she’d wanted me to, I could probably have told her how many months, weeks, days and hours too. It had taken more than a year just to get over the embarrassment and now it was back. She was back.

“Well now, isn’t this fun,” Donna said. “Come on, tell us what you’ve been up to. We’re bursting to hear all about it aren’t WE?”

Kelly sniggered behind her hand as the speakers above our head burst into life, calling us to the plane at last.

I jumped to my feet. “Well it’s been lovely,” I said, already walking away. “But we’ve got to go. Catch you later Tanya.”

I joined the queue waiting to show boarding passes when I heard Tanya’s voice behind me.

“Well isn’t this a coincidence. We’re on the same flight.”

I forced a smile as I handed over my pass and began the walk to the plane, telling myself I’d be able to relax once I was on board. I found my seat and settled in, turning only when someone came to sit beside me. Kelly and Donna were already behind me and burst out in fits of giggles as Tanya smiled next to me. “Well this is almost like fate isn’t it?” she asked, taking my hand in hers. “I’ve missed you Anna.”

I snatched my hand away. “Don’t do that.” My cheeks turned red as I heard my two friends whispering to each other. I didn’t say another word until we were long in the air and that was only to ask Tanya to move so I could get to the toilet. As I squeezed past her I could have sworn I felt her hand on my bottom but when I looked down she was engrossed in her book. I headed down the aisle and reached the tiny door of the WC only to find it locked and a queue of people in front of me. As I waited, the minutes ticked by and I became increasingly desperate. The door finally opened and I was shocked to see Donna and Kelly come stumbling out, faces red. People muttered their disapproval as the two of them pushed past to return to their seats.

The woman at the front tutted as she walked inside, slamming the door shut. I tried to think of things that might distract me from my growing desperation, my mind being slowly drawn towards thoughts of Tanya, the dark drawer in my mind that I hadn’t opened for a very long time, since the night of the party.

*002*2014-03-20 01:02

Chapter 2 Remembering the Party

It was the alcohol. I’d always blamed the alcohol. Donna and Kelly thought differently but then they’d freely told the world they were both lesbians years ago, whilst I was still working out how to kiss properly. I was at Gary’s sister’s party, not that I’d been invited. We’d sort of gatecrashed via the back door but the boy to girl ratio was such that nobody seemed to mind, most of the boys there staring at us as we weaved through to the drinks table.

I had boy after boy try his seduction techniques on me but I wasn’t interested. They all seemed so immature. Since I’d gone away to college and come home again for the holidays, the town seemed smaller, the problems of my old friends more insignificant.

I sat alone in the one spare armchair and drank. The more I drank, the more fun the party became and before long I was dancing round the living room, bumping into people and ricocheting into the walls. The place was starting to spin when I felt a hand on my waist. I looked up to see a friendly face, not someone I recognised.

“Hi,” I said. “I think I’m a bit dizzy.”

“Let’s get you somewhere quiet,” she said, her voice warm enough to make my insides quiver. I let her guide me upstairs by the hand as people pointed and whispered around us. We climbed over the couples sprawled on the stairs and then she pushed open a bedroom door, flicking the light on and closing it behind us. I still blame the alcohol but I don’t really think that’s true. If I’m totally honest I think it was what I’d wanted for a long time.

“Come and sit down,” she said and I almost collapsed onto the bed, groaning as a wave of nausea hit me. I crawled up to the pillow and the woman pulled the covers over me before slipping in beside me.

“You’re pretty,” I slurred, looking at her blue eyes and her auburn hair as she laid facing me.

“Thank you,” she replied, “so are you.”

I thought of all this as I stood in the queue for the aeroplane bathroom, cringing at the memory. It was the first time I’d allowed myself to remember things accurately. I’d always maintained that she kissed me first, that she took advantage of me when I was too out of it to stop her. But now I was remembering the truth, the reality of what happened that night so long ago.

I was staring at the woman in the bed as she looked back at me, not saying a thing, the only sound was the thumping music reaching us from downstairs. And then out of nowhere I lunged across to her, shoving my tongue straight into her mouth. She pulled away at first, eyes wide as she blinked and then she closed them and pressed forwards, her tongue flicking over mine.

I lost self control then, no longer caring what anyone thought about the thing hidden inside me for so long. I was so happy to be admitting to the world that I liked women, kissing her felt perfect. Slowly she nudged me onto my back and slid on top of me, I could feel the heat of her body through her clothes as she began to explore me, gradually working lower and lower, lifting my tee-shirt to kiss my stomach, pointedly ignoring my breasts to tease me. She tugged at my skirt, lowering it until it was just above my strip of pubic hair. I shivered as her soft lips caressed my skin, kissing every inch as she eased my skirt lower still, taking my panties down with it.

I lifted my bottom from the bed and shoved my skirt downwards, my legs spreading apart as I lay back down. I felt her head against my leg as her hot breath hit my pussy, making me gasp as my heart started racing, my head dizzy with drink and lust. After a delicious pause, her lips continued their journey around my stomach, easing down to the very top of my pussy, her tongue darting out to taste me as I closed my eyes, my arms draped out to the sides.

I was silent as her mouth moved lower down to trace a line along my labia and then her tongue pushed into me and I almost screamed. I’d never known a sensation like it and it was incredible, her tongue swirling round inside me as my hips began to rock on the bed. My clit was throbbing and it was as if she read my mind, her hand beginning to stroke my engorged nub.

I’ve no idea how long we remained like that. It felt like forever, just me and her and a world of sheer pleasure as she seemed capable of licking me all night. I felt my body beginning to tense up, eager for the release of an orgasm as my pussy began to twitch, moisture almost dripping out of me from my arousal.

I still couldn’t make a sound though, the only noise my heavy breathing as this complete stranger kept licking me, her tongue far inside me. My body began to tense up and I knew I was close. A second more and an orgasm ripped through my entire body, more powerful than I’d ever imagined it would be. I bucked and thrashed on the bed as her tongue remained inside me, the contractions of my pussy holding it tightly as I moaned out loud before collapsing back onto the bed, panting and out of breath as she gave my clit a final kiss. She slid back up the bed and smiled at me, her mouth slick with my juices as she kissed me, filling my nose with the scent of my own sweetness.

It was the most amazing sexual experience I’d ever had and if I’d had my way we’d have stayed there together all night long.

“My turn,” she smiled, lying on her back and pulling off her trousers. She sat up for a second and pulled off her top, revealing bare breasts at least twice the size of mine. I was scared then, the sight of her naked body was a line, I knew that. If I went past that line, I’d have to admit to myself that I was a lesbian. Or would I? I thought about how drunk I was, how that meant things weren’t to be feared. And nobody would ever find out. Or so I thought.

{{: 

Nice story i very much enjoyed it :)

}}

Glad you liked it. Here's chapter 2!

