New Marauders - Page 4

Author: Nimbus

*076*2012-06-12 22:48

{{:

I noticed them too. When you&#39;re talking about her matted hair on her back and a few other places.

}}

What about her matted hair?

{{:

Namely it has to do with the Triwizard tournament with no students under the age of 17 being able to enter their name in the Goblet. Also, although it would not be impossible (and it worked quite well in the story) having a 3rd/4th year student with such a strong grasp of Occlumency and Legilimency is quite strange. Oh yeah and an occasional messing now and then would be...quite pleasant indeed ;)

}}

Well I knew about the tri-wizard tournament thing so I kinda decided to manipulate my writing of the world so that the rules changed so that they could enter, but I didn't think it would be that odd that a Ravenclaw would be exceptional at the two magics. Nonetheless thank you very much for your feedback:)

*077*2012-06-13 23:57

Return to Hogwarts!

The next day me and Annalise found ourselves walking down diagon alley. I was dressed in a black mini-skirt and matching tube top, along with tan silk pantyhose and black high heels, while Annalise dressed in denim hot pants, a blue camisole and white flip flops. We decided to head over to the book store to get our school books first off. As we walked into the store I noticed Jess at the far end of the room. She was dressed in a purple jersey with the number 15 on the back and black volley ball pants, long grey socks that reached a couple inches above her knee and had black stripes going up the side, she also wore white tennis shoes. I smiled and led Annalise over to meet her.

"Hey Jess, this is Annalise." I smiled widely.

"Hey." She greeted both of us.

"Hi." Annalise said meekly.

"So you excited for the new school year?" Jess asked.

"I'm more nervous about grindlewald." Annalise replied.

"Well Hogwarts the safest place on earth." Jess said.

"Yet Voldemort infiltrated it."

"Relax, he won't come here."

"For the elder wand he will." Lisa replied as she strolled in. She was dressed in a t-shirt and black shorts that ended three quarters down her thigh and red flats on her feet.

"Harry hid it though." Jess muttered.

"At hogwarts." I replied.

"Oh...." After our depressing conversation we bought our books and all went down to the ice cream parlour and sat mostly in silence for the rest of our time.

I slowly dragged myself through King's Cross. Everything seemed so dark and grim. The air felt cold and eerie, everyone gave everyone second glances out of fear. While only wizards knew about Grindelwald, the muggles still knew that the massacre had occurred. I tugged up my sweat shirt to warm myself up as I just tried to get to platform nine and three quarters. Eventually I made it through the brick wall as I magicked myself into my normal state. Nearly flawless face, luscious black hair, brilliant eyes. My clothes morphed to a purple mini-dress and leather boots.

The atmosphere in the magical platform was every bit as grim as the muggle station, if not more. I frowned and quickly boarded the train and sat amongst my friends and in no time, the train was going.

As the train gained distance from the muggle world I felt more at ease, until it screeched to a halt. It was so sudden Lisa fell out of Hugo's lap and my head slammed back into the wall of the compartment. The doors locked suddenly and suddenly the world seemed to lose all it's heat and happiness. I noticed a soft hiss in the air coming from the walkways outside. I was about to check what the source was when a thick layer of frost blinded me of anything on the other side of the window. I stepped back and took my seat warily. Cody put one arm around me and one around Annalise, Hugo hugged Lisa tightly, keeping him between him and the door.

Suddenly the lock lifted and the door slowly swung open. Adrenaline pumped into my bloodstream, I began to perspire despite the icy air and I fell myself grow broken heartily depressed, and then I saw it.

A dementor floated in front of the doorway. Suddenly I understood why Rachel was so frightened of them. I felt myself tremble in fear as it's single eye drifted across the apartment and I felt myself grow faint. Then just as quick as it came, it was gone. As the train started up and the heat returned we sat in utter silence all the way to Hogwarts.

I was still shivering while I sat in the great hall while everyone had already began eating. I frowned as I picked at my own food. "Welcome to Hogwarts." I muttered to myself glumly.

*079*2012-06-15 19:29

{{:

Hehe, I've just finished reading this series. I predicted the use of diapers since the time the girl whispered to her about the dry-nights :] still pretty kewl. Thanks for making a well-written story

}}

Thank you for your feedback! I'm glad you like it

*080*2012-06-17 05:30

So here we go, something I've been wanting to do for a while now. Sorry the last installment was short, I ran out of time whilst writing it.

I woke up a few days after our arrival at Hogwarts. I smiled as I sat up, the diaper had absorbed all the warm urine and the ravenclaw girls only knew that I stopped wetting the bed. The teasing from last year had mostly stopped and I was once again regaining popularity. I sat up, gathered clothes and head down to the bathroom where I discreetly tossed away my diaper before joining the other girls in the bath, keeping respective distance as the magical bubbles washed filth from my skin. I didn't waste any time as I scrubbed myself clean, especially the groin area, before dashing out and pulling on a new set of clothes.

I dressed in red panties, and a red bra, a black flared mini-skirt, translucent black pantyhose, a violet helter top and navy blue high heels. I scurried out of the bathroom and headed out. I slid my wand between the waist of my skirt and my leg. I smiled softly as I searched for my friends. I winded up running into Hugo as I trudged down the grand stair case.

"Hey." He grinned. "Looking for my cousin?" He asked me.

"Actually, anyone who feels like putting up with me for the day."

"Well you're in luck, Lisa is at Quidditch try outs at the moment."

"Oh right that's today!"

"Yeah, Ravenclaw try-outs are at noon right?"

"Yeah." I muttered as nerves began to fill my belly.

"Well watcha want to do till then?"

"I'm not really sure... up for chess?"

"Sure!" Me and him played chess till it came time for me to try out for the team. I dashed into the team tent, where I went into the girls side and stripped from my clothes and then pulled on my uniform. I wore black jodhpurs, brown boots that went to my upper shin, a blue rode and blue jersey as well as black fingerless gloves. Then I grabbed out my broom and head out to the pitch. I dropped my broom to the ground as the team captain, Cierra Lovegood lectured us before starting with chaser try-outs first. everyone else stayed on the ground as the seven kids took to the skies. Five girls and two boys floated in the air as Cierra sent the quaffle into the air. soon two of the girls and one guy were chosen, then a boy named Leonard Cooper made the position of keeper, Annalise became a beater, joining Cierra on the team. Finally me and two other students tried out for the seeker, a boy and a girl.

I held my hand out above my broom. "up." it flew up into my grasp, within a few quick movements I'm on top of my broomstick and shooting up into the air. I floated amongst the other kids as Cierra let a snitch into the air. Suddenly we became blurs as we shot after the slightest hint of gold. I maneuvered around the pitch at high speeds, dodging the two kids as I shot after the speck of gold in the distance. I quickly out raced them and within a few minutes caught the snitch. I lowered myself to the ground and dismounted from my broom and head over to Cierra. I held out the snitch and she smiled.

"You're on the team kid."

*083*2012-06-19 01:33

{{:

When I first saw the title "New Marauders," I wasn't very interested. Harry potter didn't even come to mind. But I clicked on it, gave it a chance, and I've loved every bit! It's not only well written, but one of the most arousing stories I've read on this site so far;)

}}

Why thank you. I'm glad you gave it a chance and I'm even happier you liked it:)

*084*2012-06-23 04:26

So this chapter will contain a messing scene, hope you don't mind.

I woke up on the day of the first quidditch game with butterflies taking up space in my belly. I frowned at the thought of nerves besting me, so instead I ignored the feeling and grabbed a bundle of clothes before I rushed to the bathroom where I quickly joined in the bath along with several other girls. Soon I exited as I was completely clean, pulled on black panties that contained white polka-dots and had a white bow on the front, a black bra, then a black flared mini skirt, blue socks, purple converse, and a turquoise t-shirt.

A house elf took my old clothes and I left to head for the great hall and have some breakfast. I had to force the eggs and bacon down my throat along with orange juice. After so many bites I found myself sliding the food across the plate with my fork. I frowned to myself as Lisa and Hugo fed each other lamely, and Cody and Lisa flirted with each other.

"Miss me?" Fred whispered into my ear from behind. I smiled and turned around to kiss him.

"Definitely." I said, excited to see him again.

"Sorry I've been so busy with classes and quidditch." He frowned softly.

"It's fine, just glad to see you now." I kissed him again, each kiss sent guilt through my veins. As much as I liked Fred... it was hard being so close to Rachel, who had claimed to love me.

"Well we have the day off, what would you like to do?"

"Not one to take charge, are you?" I teased him.

"shush."

"Then pick for me." I smiled at him.

"Let's go fly till lunch, then we will have a picnic on the quiddith pitch."

"So much quidditch related things just before my first match." I giggled as we left the table.

"You don't want to?"

"No, I do." I smiled as we left to the pitch where we both mounted broom when I realized something. "I need to change into my uniform."

"Why?" He asked simply.

"Because anyone who walks by will be able to see up my skirt." I muttered blushing.

"No one will walk across the pitch. If they do, they will have to answer to me." He smirked as he soared into the sky. I smirked and chased after him. He soared through the sky, playing tag on our brooms, except rather than tapping each other we would plant a kiss on each others lips. Finally lunch came around and we both landed on the field when Djinn appeared before us.

"Hello, masters. I has brought food." He snapped his fingers and a basket appeared. We thanked him and he popped out.

"Let's eat." I said and we both had a platter of sandwiches, cookies and a bag of potato chips before our date ended and we had a long passionate kiss before I had to go meet up with my arriving team and prepare for the match. Djinn cleaned up for us as we left the field.

I slipped off my street clothes and pulled on my uniform and grabbed my broom and entered the field along with my team where we met the Slytherin team. We took to the skies as the game began. First the quaffle was released, as the chasers shot through the sky to chase after the ball two bludgers whipped through the air. Lastly the tiny gold ball shot into the sky and whizzed through the chaos of the game. I shot after the last direction I saw it fly. I weaved my way through the hurtling wizards and witches in search of the snitch.

In the corner of my eye I caught the hint of gold. I made a sharp turn and avoided nearly colliding with a slytherin brute who played beater. I caught sight of the snitch again and raced after it. A beater hurtled towards me frantically. I ducked down and aloud my broom to lose height as the beater's shoe brushed against my ponytail and I shot forward after the snitch. I closed in on it when I noticed Rachel racing towards it directly opposite of me. The Snitch shot up at the last second, causing me and Rachel to nearly collide. My broom crossed over hers and our face hung an inch between each other.

In the moment of peace, when things weren't so frantic, I realized how badly I needed to use the bathroom and how badly my team was using as the announcer gave the new score after Slytherin scored another point.. I gasped and pulled back before hurtling straight up into the sky, searching for the snitch and Rachel followed after me. I crossed my legs more tightly than usually hoping to just end the game. As the snitch leveled out so did I, and slightly behind me, so did Rachel. I was so close to the snitch when A bludger slammed straight into my shoulder. I spun right as I grabbed my shoulder in pain. I cried out as urine began to fill my panties. I stemmed the flow as Rachel just missed the snitch which suddenly dropped.

I hurtled after it, maneuvering to the best of my ability till me and Rachel were neck and neck, with the snitch just out of arms reach. She seemed unfocused though, as was I, since I was desperately trying to not mess my pants. I groaned softly as my lower abdomen throbbed. I grit my teeth, and pushed my broom to the best of its ability, gaining maybe and inch more than I already was. My outstretched hand neared the snitch, I could feel the flutter of the wings against the tip of my middle finger. I tried to stretch further as a spurt escaped into my bladder. I grit my teeth even harder, uncrossed my legs, shimmied up my broom and lunged myself forward and just gabbed the snitch as my broom veered to the ground. I just evaded the earth and landed on the ground with the snitch in hand.

The audience applauded and my team cheered for me as we entered the dressing room. I pulled on my street clothes and rushed from the room when Fred caught me just outside the field. He kissed me, I forged myself to hold on longer and kissed him back. The kiss ran longer than it should have and I felt urine beginning to slip from my urethra. I pulled away. "I... have to go." I muttered as urine soaked my panties and began to slither down my leg. Her was oblivious to the flow though.

"Go where?"

"...Never mind." I muttered to embarrassed to admit that I was about to not only wet myself fully, but also mess myself. He smiled and kissed me again, and my bladder finally gave out entirely. Oddly he didn't notice the hiss as rivulets ran down my legs and into my shoes and the grass below. I pulled back and gasped as I faintly hear a crackle as a solid mass began to push against my panties.

"I have to go!" I pushed him away and ran with urine still running down my legs and finally I couldn't hold my bowels either. Feces completely filled my panties with a rude noise, causing my panties to bulge. I gasped as I felt it begin to fall out my leg holes. My hand flew to my butt, slipping under the skirt to grasp the warm bulge and try to contain it in my underwear as I ambled towards the bathroom. Amazingly I made it there, despite the laughing and mocking of other students around me. I rushed into a stall sat on the seat before pulling off my shoes and socks. Then I carefully slipped of the panties and dropped the feces into the toilet and began to try and wipe scat of my thighs and butt. I directed my wand at my butt and sent a small stream of water at it, cleaning the mess from my body before glancing at my ruined panties. I frowned as I banished it and dashed up to my dormitory. I found myself crying myself to sleep once again.

Please leave feedback, thank you;)

*086*2012-06-23 21:27

{{:

Pretty good, I do like this series, but I don't know, maybe you tried to keep it tame... too tame because you were nervous about the pooping her pants. Somehow, it seemed.... to need a bit more description, maybe not the messing, but I don't know... Still I love this story. You are a very good story teller. I saw the moment she closed in on the snitch, and I could imagine the dampening panties she tried to get out of there, but kept getting delayed...

That's it, she also wasn't delayed enough from her team! They should have been holding her up and doing a lot of celebrative things that would have made it harder to get away from them without an accident.

}}

Thanks for the feedback:) You are right about both things. One I did try to keep the messing tame for my non-messing fans that read this and I should have caused the team to delay her more. I will take both things into account for future references. Thanks for the help:)

*087*2012-06-25 16:14

Until further notice, New Marauders will be moved to my fall line up. Please take time to check out my other stories till then:) Have a nice day.

*089*2016-08-07 08:38

{{15 hours ago, drake4281 said:

Are you never going to continue this?

}}

Oh wow. I didn't expect this post to get any attention. Too be honest I wasn't happy with the direction I took this story. I was originally going to relaunch it, instead I started writing a somewhat different story about the events of Philosopher's stone with new female protagonists here.

Originally I was going to use the characters I used here but Rachel was the only one who made it into the new story. I will actually finish the new story fairly soon if you want to check it out.

