Apocalypse Desperation

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-10-05 21:57

I woke up from the pounding in my bladder, a product of having spent ten hours hiding silently in a tent. Sitting up, I focused on the sounds around us. I didn't hear the growling anymore. Just regular nature sounds. I quietly winced as I moved forward to unzip the top a bit and peek outside. It seemed like the coast was clear.

Grace was sprawled out next to me asleep. I noticed a visible, alarmingly swollen bulge where her shirt hiked up and exposed her belly. I shook her awake as gently as I could, which still resulted in her jolting upright.

"Are they gone?" she asked.

"I don't hear them anymore," I replied.

She put her hands to her crotch, grimacing. "Do you think it's safe to go out there?"

"I can't wait any longer," I said, squirming.

"Well, we've got to be absolutely sure," she said, crawling past me and looking out herself.

I had to pee really fucking bad. The longer I was awake, the closer I felt to leaking.

Grace pulled the zipper down a little lower and poked her head out. "I think we're okay," she whispered as she slowly climbed out.

I was shaking from how bad I had to piss. I couldn't stop squirming. I was trembling and holding myself as I got out of the tent, but it felt so good to finally stand up.

"I have to go first," said Grace, marching in place and unbuttoning her pants. A stick broke somewhere and we froze, looking worriedly at each other. "Should we go back in?" she mouthed to me.

"I'm gonna burst," I mouthed back. As I said it, the familiar schuffing of human feet through crunching leaves. The liquid in my bladder sloshed around uncomfortably as we both scrambled inside the tent as quickly and quietly as we could. I ripped it closed and immediately regretted the sound it made.

My heart was pounding in my chest. I felt like I was about to piss myself. I looked anxiously to Grace, who returned a look with her head posed forward in focus so she could listen. The footsteps were getting louder, closer. They were slurred and erratic. It wasn't human.

I was barely breathing. I couldn't believe how badly I needed to urinate. I scanned the inside of the tent looking for something to empty my screaming bladder into and noted the empty can of chicken noodle soup and a water bottle. I didn't quite have the nerve yet.

I was sitting on bent knees with my heel digging into my crotch, frozen in fear. After a few minutes, the adrenaline gave way to my extreme need to pee and I once again found myself unable to keep still. Every time I pulled the waistband off my shorts away from my tight, swollen bladder, I could feel how rock-hard and distended it was.

Grace was hugging her knees. She looked like she was about the cry, her face filled with discomfort and anxiety. "Are you okay?" I asked mouthed to her. She looked at me and whispered, "check outside."

I hesitated. We usually waited a lot longer to even start making noise again. "Are you sure?" I said.

"Just peek through the top."

I was scooting and squirming trying to get the zipper down silently. My need to piss was getting so intense that it was all I could think about. Every couple of seconds, I had to squeeze or rub myself between the legs. I felt so close to leaking.

Once the tent was unzipped about six inches, I was able to pull the bottom down and peek out. There was nothing directly in front of us. I didn't hear anything. I pulled the zipper further and poked my head out.

It was the first time I'd ever seen one of them so close. It was probably nine feet away from the tent, facing the opposite direction, thank god. Terror ripped through my body and I was frozen in fear for a minute, just looking at it. When I realized I was pissing myself, I snapped back to reality. I pulled my head back in and clutched my groin, frantically stemming the stream.

"What did you see?" Grace whispered.

I was crying. My urethra stung and my pants had a dark wet spot. I sat up and closed the zipper, then stuck my hands down my pants and doubled over. I had to urinate so badly by this point that nothing in my nether regions was able to unclench.

Grace was undoing her pants. I looked over in time for her to pull them down and expose herself, so I immediately looked in the other direction. I could feel my cheeks turning pink.

"I'm sorry," she whispered, "I just can't wait anymore."

"How are you going to do it?" I said, closing my eyes and rocking back and forth.

"You can look. I don't think we're going to have much privacy in the long run with this set up."

I hesitantly opened my eyes and looked over at her squatting over the chicken soup can. A yellow stream loudly jetted out of her for a second, and I saw her muscles tense to stop it. She winced and whimpered, trying to maintain some quiet, relieving sweet spot. Her stream was erratic and barely there, her entire body starting to tremble. It would go suddenly from dripping for a few seconds to a loud spurting, which she would have to squeeze closed to prevent. I felt awful for her, but I was going to be in basically the same predicament, and she was using one of the two containers. I knew we could each fill up both of them and more.

It was torture watching her pee. I was holding myself tightly and wriggling around, unable to distract myself with anything. When the soup can was full of Grace's pee, she shakily put it down and sat on her knees, doubling over.

"Did it help?" I asked.

"Even if I don't feel much better, I think it helped me hold it longer," she replied. "I still feel like I'm going to explode. It hurts really bad."

"Your bladder was sticking out earlier, maybe it's not anymore."

She sat up and moved her arms to her side. "Can you see it?"

"Uhh..."

She stood up on her knees, which made me turn an even deeper shade of red since she still hadn't put her pants back on. I had never seen her like this, and now she was displaying it for my inspection. There was still a massive bulge sticking out of her belly.

"It might be smaller," I said nervously, "I can't really tell." Truthfully, my attention wasn't much on her bladder bulge anymore. Her butt had a birthmark on it. How cute was that?

I scrunched up my face as a wave of desperation hit me. I squeezed as hard as I could, squirming madly so as to not wet my shorts any more than they already were.

"Let me see your bladder," Grace said.

I stood up on my knees like she did, trying my best to keep my hands at my sides. Every couple of seconds, I had to reach over and squeeze or pat myself or something. "I can't see it under your shorts, you'd have to pull them down a little in the front."

She spoke in a hypothetical on purpose, I bet. She's giving me the option to pull my shorts down if I'm comfortable with it. I was really embarrassed, but I wanted to match her comfort level. I loosened my belt and dropped my shorts down enough so that instead of squeezing my bladder at my midsection, it hung loosely at the bottom of the bulge. It gave me a bit of relief, actually. I felt a draft and knew the top of my buttcrack was visible.

"It's pretty big," she said. "If we get the chance to empty out the soup can, you should be the one to use it."

"Why don't I just use the water bottle?"

"Are you kidding? The mouth is way too small."

I picked it up and looked in it. "I don't know, I feel like I could do it."

"There's literally no way."

I cringed and stuck my hand in my crotch. "Well, what choice do I have? When do you think we're going to be able to dump that thing out? Last time we didn't leave for like ten hours!"

Grace scooted closer and whispered, "okay, first of all, we need to be quieter. Second of all, that's how long until we left the tent. That's different from just dumping out a can of pee."

I lurched forward. "I have to go, like, right now..." My bladder felt so tight and full I thought it was going to pop. Squirming madly, I undid my belt completely and pulled the waistband away from my belly.

Grace, who still had no pants on, grabbed the can and went to the front of the tent. She unzipped it and peeked out, then zipped it further and poked her head out. I was holding my breath watching her, suddenly completely still. She dumped the can out in the grass and retreated back into the tent.

"I don't see anything anywhere. It might actually be safe to go out."

"No way," I said, rocking back and forth and holding myself, "it was just right there. I saw it."

Grace pulled the zipper down more and stood up to peer over the tent. "I mean, we already know they're around here," she said. "They aren't in sight right now and I think that's the most we can ask for right now. I'm going to go."

I spurted. "C-can I go first?" I asked, trembling and holding myself.

"Yeah, of course. Sorry." She climbed into the tent. "I'm just gonna put on pants."

I climbed out, yanked my pants to my ankles, and sat down in the grass. I immediately started leaking, but it took a minute for it to pick up and hiss out of me like a firehose. I bit my lip to keep from moaning in front of Grace. Even though I'd just seen her completely naked from the waist down, I still felt sheepish when she poked her head out of the tent next to me. I was still pissing full force when I noticed her look of horror staring at something behind me. Fear gripped me, too.

"What?" I squeaked. She grabbed my arm and pulled me into the tent. I couldn't stop peeing in time. I was writhing madly trying to stop myself after I pulled my pants up, wetting myself substantially until I managed to stem it. Grace was frantically digging in her bag for the handgun, the one weapon we had. We only had a couple of bullets. They weren't very fast, but if one of those things saw us, it was coming in our direction for sure. I was squirming because my bladder was still really full. "Should I zip it up?" I asked, my voice shaky.

"No," Grace said, cocking the gun. I could hear the familiar growling approaching from outside. "Start packing our stuff up," she told me. "Just the essentials."

I did. I was throwing stuff into the packs when I heard a single gunshot from outside the tent. "They would have heard that for miles around," she said, coming back in and tossing the gun in one of the bags. "We don't have time to break down the tent. We just need to go. Do we have everything?"

I nodded. She grabbed my arm, led me out, and started running. We ran through the woods for a while, somehow managing to not find ourselves very close to any of those things. We ran until we got to a road, then Grace leaned against a tree, clenching her legs together and holding herself. We stood there panting for a minute.

"We should pee," I said, holding myself and marching in place. I might not have had as much urine inside of me as before, but it was still a lot and my peehole was tired and overworked. I still felt like leaking.

"Not yet," she said, "let's get out of the woods first."

It took an eternity to see anything different. All we had was a compass. We were going east.

As we were running, I heard Grace's shaky voice stutter "o-okay," as she stopped in her tracks and fumbled with her belt. I noticed darkness streaking down her leg right before she yanked her pants down and released a torrent of piss.

"Why weren't you wanting to go before we got out of the forest?" I asked her. By this point, I was dying to go again. I hadn't fully emptied my bladder in over a day and holding my crotch and squirming was beginning to feel like it wasn't enough.

"It's overpopulated with those fucking things," she said, still pissing hard. "I thought it'd be quiet out here, but it's the opposite. I'm sorry I brought us here."

"Grace, the world is overpopulated with those things. It isn't your fault. It was a good idea for what we knew." I couldn't keep my attention away from her stream and it was making it impossible to keep myself dry. I lurched forward when I felt some pee leak out of me. I started pulling my shorts down.

"Hold on," Grace whispered, standing up and pulling her pants up. "We have to keep moving."

"Wait, you get to pee and I have to wait some more?"

She shushed me, grabbed my hand, and we started running again. Running made the need to pee both better and worse. I guess it's easier to keep liquid inside of me when I'm moving like that, but the constant jostling is torture.

My bladder was hurting badly by the time we reached a town.

"Okay," Grace said, "we should check that place out. If there's real people, it can go one of two ways. They're harder to deal with. And if it's overrun, we'll just find somewhere else. Remember we have to be stealthy. We only have one bullet."

I had both hands in my shorts and was stepping back and forth as she was talking. "All I can think about is peeing," I whined, then doubled over. "Ohhh... When am I gonna get to go?"

"Really soon. And in a toilet. Be strong, you can do it. Let's get out of these trees."

"I can just go right here before we head over there," I said, undoing my belt.

"We have to hurry!" Grace said, grabbing my arm. This time, I pulled away.

"No, seriously! I can't keep it in any more, Grace, I have to--"

She spun me around so I was facing the trees. I was holding myself and my legs were trembling. "Listen closely," she said. For a second, all I heard was our breathing. But the sound of pairs of feet from all directions stepping clumsily through brush creeped its way into my attention. "They know where we are. They can hear us, even when we're really quiet. We're lucky they're so fucking slow. Otherwise we wouldn't even be able to have stops like these. We can't afford to be constantly putting ourselves in vulnerable positions. Now come on, please!"

"It's not constant!" I said, following her to the town. "I haven't gone in hours!"

We got to the first building and, keeping low to the ground, peeked around the side. I was crouched down, gyrating my hips so that my crotch was rubbing into my heel. Some pee squirted out and I started frantically squirming and holding myself. "Grace, I'm gonna go right here," I said with a shaky voice, going to the side of the building and pulling my shorts down to my knees. She didn't respond.

I put my hands on my knees and my butt against the wall. In a second, urine was gushing out of my pussy and splattering against the ground. I moaned as quietly as I could manage. Grace went from her end of the building to the other and peeked out.

"What do you see?" I asked, my piss hissing loudly and showing no signs of faltering.

"It seems completely empty. This might be a pretty cool place to loot," she responded.

I sighed as my stream progressed to a dribble. I pulled my shorts up and followed her into the town.

