Secret pages of Batgirl's diary - Page 2

Author: Ducklett00

*025*2015-10-05 00:00

So much to do, so little time.

Chapter 7

"Well this is gonna be good day, I already beat the Nightwing and you're next" Killer Croc said.

"Don't be so sure" Batgirl said.

She grabbed grapple gun from her belt and fired it towards Killer Croc, it missed him and spun around streetlight.

"Who taught you to aim?" Killer Croc laughed.

"I wasn't aiming at you" Batgirl answered.

She had attached grapple gun to the rack and made it to reel in. Rack flew towards Killer Croc and he still had smile on his face when rack hit him. Killer Croc flew short distance backwards. Batgirl stood up, she had no idea what to do next. That surprise attack was best she could do. There was no way she could knock out Croc with her own strength. Killer Croc hurled rack away and stood up, he was angry.

"If that's the best you can do, this is gonna be easy" Killer Croc picked up the rack and threw it towards Batgirl.

Batgirl dodged it by throwing herself to the ground, she quickly stood up and ran to hide.

"So you wanna play hide and seek?" Killer Croc said.

Batgirl had no other ideas, she have to wait until police arrives with tranquilizer guns. Killer Croc started walking and checked the booths, couple times he shattered the booth where he thought that Batgirl was hiding.

"Sooner or later I will find you" Killer Croc was standing in front of the booth where she was hiding.

Batgirl stood up, jumped and kicked Killer Croc to the face. Killer Croc didn't even flinch, he grabbed Batgirl from leg while she was still mid-air and tossed her. Batgirl flew short distance and hit streetlight. She saw everything in three and her vision was bouncing up and down. Batgirl grabbed couple bolas from her belt and tossed them towards Killer Croc but missed him badly.

"Croc! Freeze!" Gordon had arrived with backup.

Killer Croc turned around and ran towards the fence. Police started shooting, few tranquilizer darts hit Killer Croc and rest missed him. Killer Croc jumped over the fence and he was gone. Gordon cursed and walked to Batgirl.

"Are you alright?" he asked.

"Yeah, I just need a minute" Batgirl shook her head.

"I thought Nightwing would be here with you" Gordon said.

"He was injured earlier when he fought Croc" Batgirl answered.

"Batman still out of town?" Gordon asked.

"Yes but I can take Croc by myself"

"I never doubted it"

Batgirl stood up, mess in her diaper had spread on her bottom so she really wanted to get a shower. She walked to pick up her grapple gun and waved at Gordon, ran to the fence and used grapple gun to get over it.

Barbara couldn't sleep well because she kept worrying how is she going to protect Gotham on her own, maybe it was one of the reasons why she had wet herself while sleeping. She had anticipated it, so she had spare diaper with her. Barbara cleaned herself in the bathroom, put on a clean diaper and hid wet diaper in her room. She would later dispose it. Barbara was still unsure about her bladder control, so she had decided to wear diapers for at least this day. Barbara put on dark blue jeans, pink t-shirt and went to the Batcave, Alfred was dusting and Dick was sitting on the Batcomputer. Alfred had healed some of Dick's wounds, Dick had arm sling. Barbara descended stairs, Alfred noticed her and walked to her.

"Miss Gordon, Would you like some breakfast?"

"Yes, please"

Alfred nodded and left Batcave, Barbara walked to the Batcomputer.

"How are you?" Barbara asked.

"I'm fine, just frustrated that I got beaten by Croc" Dick answered.

"Well, my performance wasn't any better"

"I've been trying to contact Bruce, so far no answer. We could use his and Tim's help" Dick said.

"I can handle it, you're the one who got injured" Barbara said.

"I became reckless" Dick defended himself.

Alfred returned to the cave with tray. On the tray was a plate where was toast, bacon and eggs. There was also cup of coffee on the tray.

"Thank you Alfred" Barbara said.

She took sip from the cup.

"Alfred could you take me to G.C.P.D? I want to talk to my father, see if he has any more information about Arkham breakout"

"Certainly" Alfred answered.

"Well, look who's here. Haven't seen you in awhile Barbara"

"Hi Bullock" Barbara smiled.

"Is my father here?" She continued.

"Yeah Commish is in his room, his a little irritated" Bullock answered.

"Why?"

"Haven't you seen the news, there was breakout from Arkham last week and we were informed couple days ago"

"I have been busy" Barbara said.

"Talk to your father, he will tell you everything"

"It was nice to see you Bullock" Barbara said.

"Likewise" Bullock answered.

Barbara walked past the desks to the end of the room where Gordon's room was. She knocked on the door and waited.

"Come in"

Barbara opened the door, walked in and closed the door behind her. Gordon was reading papers and he didn't look who came in. Gordon's room was wide and dimly lighted, desk was in the middle in front of the window, there was file cabinet next to door.

"Hi daddy" Barbara greeted.

"Barbara!" Gordon raised his gaze.

Gordon stood up, walked to Barbara and hugged her.

"How are you?" Gordon asked.

"Don't worry about me, how are you? Bullock told me about Arkham breakout" Barbara answered.

"I'm fine, we haven't apprehended every escaped inmates but it's only a matter of time" Gordon said.

"So how many escaped?" Barbara asked.

"Everyone but Batgirl has apprehended Joker, Harley, Scarecrow and Fries. Two-Face is at large and we almost caught Croc yesterday but he escaped"

Barbara was about to ask a question when knock on the door stopped her.

"Come in" Gordon said.

Door opened and Bullock walked in.

"Sorry to bother you Commish but there is ongoing vandalism in City Hall" Bullock said.

"Send the unit, I'll be right there" Gordon said.

"I already dispatched two units" Bullock explained.

"Good, I'm sorry Barbara. We need to talk later"

"It's okay daddy, I know you're busy"

Barbara walked past Bullock out of the room, past the desks to the elevator and pushed the call button. Elevator arrived shortly and Barbara walked in, pushed lobby button and leaned against the wall. As elevator started to descend, Barbara felt warmness spreading at her crotch. She was peeing and she couldn't control it, she hadn't even noticed her need for the bathroom.

"Oh shit!"

Barbara squeezed her legs together and pressed her hands between her legs. She tried to control her bladder but her muscles were not doing what she commanded them to do, she could only stand there and wet herself. Deep down in her mind she was commending diaper, at least no one wouldn't find out that she had an accident. After a moment that felt like an eternity her bladder was finally empty. She quickly inspected her jeans, made sure that diaper hasn't leaked. She renewed normal posture just before elevator stopped and door opened. She hurried across the lobby without looking too nervous.

After a quick diaper change in her apartment they hurried back to the Wayne Manor, Dick had contacted Alfred and told that he might have a lead.

"So, what's the lead?" Barbara asked while descending the stairs to the Batcave.

"I've been doing some research and I came up with two names that could need medical equipments" Dick answered.

"Go ahead" Barbara went to change into Batgirl costume.

"First one is Roland Daggett" Dick said.

"Daggett could want medical equipments but why use Fries? he has thugs who could do it" Barbara asked.

Barbara made sure that she was totally alone in storage and neither Dick or Alfred was nearby, removed her clothes and put on Batgirl costume.

"Perhaps you're right but it might be deception" Dick blurted.

"Who's the other one?" Batgirl asked and walked to Dick.

"Marion Louise Dahl"

"Baby Doll!" Batgirl started laughing.

"What?!"

"You're joking, right?"

"I'm serious, it's possible that Marion tries to find a cure for her condition"

"I don't think she wants it that much that is ready to blackmail Fries" Batgirl was able to stop laughing but gave a laugh occasionally.

"Alfred, what do you think?" Dick asked.

"It's possible" Alfred answered but it was obvious that he was holding a laughter.

"I'll check Daggett, let's see what he has to say about this" Batgirl said.

"And Marion?" Dick asked.

"No, she's not involved in this" Batgirl answered.

"How do you know?"

"All I know is that she deserves a good old spanking"

"Oh yeah, I remember that Bruce once mentioned that you wanted to spank Baby Doll. I always surmised that you were into spanking"

"Shut up" Batgirl slapped Dick in the back of the head.

And this time Alfred burst into laughter.

Old Renuyu lab was the only place where Batgirl hadn't looked for Daggett but after checking several other locations she decided to check it. Lab had been abandoned for some time now, it was the lab where Matt Hagen was turned into Clayface and Catwoman tried to kill Daggett. Batgirl parked Batmobile behind the lab, used grapple gun to get to the roof and walked to the nearest skylight. She peeked in and saw that lights were on but she couldn't see anyone from there, so she opened the skylight and dropped herself in. Batgirl looked around, she was standing on the catwalk and there was no one else on it. There was chemical vats and crates underneath her, further away was open space. In the middle of space was two thugs and Catwoman, Catwoman's hands were tied together and rope was attached to the crane so her hands were overhead.

"What are you doing here Selina?" Batgirl whispered to herself.

She sneaked closer and at the same time third person walked to the Catwoman, man with brown suit, smoothed back reddish-brown hair and blue eyes, Roland Daggett.

"Daggett, I should've known that it was your thugs who kidnapped me" Catwoman said.

"Good work boys, now I can have my revenge" Daggett said.

"Revenge? for what?" Catwoman asked.

"Because of you and Batman I was forced to declare bankruptcy and you tried to kill me" Daggett answered.

"You tried to kill my cat and you stole Jade Cat from the museum and because of that I was targeted by police"

"I needed to restore my image and company"

"I was accused for a crime which I didn't commit" Catwoman lost her temper.

Daggett gave a laugh.

"Boys, put her in to the chemical vat, I want her death to be slow and painful" Daggett walked away.

Thugs whispered something and another one of them pointed control panel near them. Batgirl jumped over the railing and landed between thugs. Thugs startled and Batgirl kicked thug on her left to the stomach and kicked thug on her right to the chin. Neither of them was knocked out and they approached her, Batgirl turned her attention to the thug on her right because he was approaching faster. This allowed thug behind her to put his arms around her so she couldn't move her arms. Batgirl stomped thug's foot, thug let go of her and yelled in pain. Batgirl did backflip and kicked thug in front of her again to the chin and thug behind her to the top of the head. This time they both stayed down.

"Nice moves, what took you so long?" Catwoman said.

"I didn't know that you were kidnapped, I only came here to find Daggett" Batgirl answered.

"Well you found him, he is standing behind you" Catwoman said.

Batgirl turned around, Daggett really was standing there. He was holding a pistol and was aiming at Batgirl.

"First Batman intervened and now you, this time I personally make sure that you don't live to see another day" Daggett said.

Batgirl was able to reach for her belt without Daggett noticing when he was talking, she had grabbed smoke pellets and now she dropped them to the floor. Pellets broke open and large amounts of smoke deployed, Daggett coughed and backed away. Batgirl dashed from the smoke, hit gun from Daggett's hand and grabbed him from the chest and pushed against the wall.

"Let's talk" Batgirl said.

"Sure, no problem" Daggett answered.

"Where is Nora Fries?"

"Victor's wife? why do you think that I have her?" Daggett asked.

"Someone blackmailed Fries to steal medical equipments and said person have Nora. You want to restore your company and what is better way than selling expensive equipments"

"I wouldn't dare to blackmail Victor, I swear it"

Another dead end, Batgirl was becoming frustrated.

"If you're lying, I swear that I come back to you" Batgirl put handcuffs to Daggett and tied him to the pipe.

Batgirl turned around and walked to the Catwoman.

"Are you done?" Catwoman asked.

"Yes"

"Well could you untie me? oh and do you have spare diaper? I've been here for couple of hours and I needed to go to the bathroom. I really need a diaper change" Catwoman said.

Batgirl noticed slight bulge on Catwoman's bottom, Batgirl had strong urge to slap Catwoman's bottom and spread that mess but she resisted the urge. She wanted Catwoman to feel what she had felt but thought that Catwoman would probably enjoy it more than disgust it. Batgirl grabbed batarang from her belt and cut the rope. Catwoman rubbed her wrists and walked past Batgirl.

"You didn't answer my question" Catwoman said.

"No" Batgirl answered, she couldn't believe that Catwoman had really asked that.

"Well, I think I can manage a little longer without a change" Catwoman said.

Batgirl didn't know what to say so she grabbed grapple gun from her belt and was about to use it.

"Wait" Catwoman said.

"What?" Batgirl asked.

"I didn't even thank you for saving my life"

Batgirl managed to smile briefly and again was about to use grapple gun when Catwoman walked past her and patted her bottom.

"Don't do that" Batgirl said.

"Why not?" Catwoman asked and turned around to look at Batgirl.

"It makes me feel...uncomfortable" Batgirl answered, for some reason she felt herself blushing.

Catwoman walked in front of Batgirl, there was only a slight gap between them.

"I think someone is starting to like it" Catwoman said.

And then without warning she leaned forward and hers and Batgirl's lips met. Batgirl was amazed, unexplainable feeling moved from her mouth to her stomach, to her bladder until she felt it spreading in her crotch, it felt warm.

"Oh no, not again, why it had to happen again but oh god that kiss felt good" Batgirl thought.

After a short moment they stopped kissing. When Batgirl opened her eyes there wasn't sign of Catwoman, Batgirl looked around but didn't see her. Batgirl knew that it was just Catwoman's trick to escape from her, escape from police but despite of that she felt like she was abandoned.

TO BE CONTINUED

Next chapter is the last.

*027*2015-10-29 15:43

Last chapter, every story has to end sometime.

Chapter 8

Batgirl returned to the Batcave after she called police to pick up Daggett and his thugs. During the drive she couldn't stop thinking about the kiss, she didn't know what to think. When she arrived to the Batcave, Dick was sitting on the Batcomputer and Alfred was serving dinner to him.

"How did it go?" Dick asked when Batgirl jumped out from the Batmobile.

"What?" Batgirl asked.

"Did you find Daggett?" Dick asked.

"Yeah, I found him"

"And?"

"He doesn't have Nora" Batgirl answered and walked to the storage.

Dick cursed and Batgirl removed her costume, then she noticed something. She had been so confused about the kiss that she forgot to visit her apartment and change her diaper, she was still wearing wet diaper.

"Damn" she cursed.

"Something wrong, Miss Gordon?" Alfred asked.

"No, everything is fine" Barbara answered.

She put on her clothes and walked out of the storage.

"So, what now?" Barbara asked.

"I don't know, I have to do more research" Dick answered.

"Any word from Bruce yet?"

"No"

"Well, I go to bed" Barbara walked to the stairs.

"Good night" Dick said, while Barbara ascended stairs.

Barbara went to her room in the second floor. She walked next to the bed and removed her clothes. Barbara touched diaper, it was wetter than she had thought. She didn't want to take a risk that it starts to leak in the night if she has an accident, so she walked to the place where she had hid earlier diaper. Barbara took diaper from hideout and put it on the previous diaper, it gave some more protection even though both diapers were wet. After that she went to bed.

Next morning when Barbara woke up, the first thing she noticed was that she had to pee really badly. She got up and walked towards the door. She was halfway when she lost control, she started peeing at full force. She knew it was too late so she didn't even try to regain control. Diapers became heavier, wetter and warmer. Soon Barbara felt pee running down her leg, diapers were leaking.

"Damn"

Then happened something that made Barbara's heart rate escalate, someone knocked on the door. Barbara was petrified, she was still peeing and small puddle started to appear under her feets.

"Miss Gordon, are you awake?" it was Alfred.

"Yes but I'm not dressed"

"Master Dick asked you to come down"

"Okay, thanks Alfred"

Barbara heard Alfred walking away and she sighed in relief. She had finally stopped peeing and she looked down, puddle wasn't big but she definitely had to clean it. Barbara walked next to the bed and removed diapers, there was no way she could use them anymore. Barbara hid diapers and took towel from dresser, cleaned herself and the floor and put on her clothes. She walked to the door and left the room.

"Have you found something?" Barbara asked while descended the stairs.

"No but I started to think that maybe we are looking into wrong things" Dick answered.

"What do you mean?"

"Do you know Dr. Stella Bates?" Dick pushed few buttons on the Batcomputer and picture appeared on the screen.

Woman on the picture had brown hair and black eyes. Barbara looked at the picture for a few moment and then she remembered her.

"Isn't she the one who was deeply in love with Matt Hagen?" Barbara asked.

"Yes, how did you know that?" Dick answered.

"I read the file about that, haven't you read them?" Barbara said.

"No" Dick blurted.

"So, what she has to do with this?" Barbara asked.

"I can't find anything about what she is doing in these days, maybe she is trying to cure Hagen" Dick said.

"So you mean that Hagen blackmailed Fries?"

"Yes, he also might be behind Arkham breakout"

"Why would he do that?"

"To lead us misdirect"

"I don't think it's Hagen who is behind all this" Barbara pondered.

"Do you have any better ideas?" Dick sounded irritated.

"I don't know, maybe you should take a break. You sound irritated" Barbara answered.

"Sir, I agree. You have been down here for awhile"

Alfred descended the stairs, he had tray with him. There was two cups on the tray. Barbara took the first cup and Alfred handed other to Dick.

"Perhaps you're right" Dick said, he took short sip from the cup and stood up.

"I'll continue investigations, you get some rest" Barbara said when Dick walked past her.

Rest of the day Barbara sat at the Batcomputer and investigated multiple files and documents. She also investigated list of stolen equipments over again and again but came into same solution every time. Maybe Dick was right, maybe Matt Hagen was behind it. There was no entry about Hagen's current whereabouts. Alfred walked to Barbara.

"Any progress?" he asked.

"No, I hate to admit it but Dick might be right" Barbara answered.

"About Matt Hagen?"

"Yes"

Batcomputer beeped and popup appeared on the screen.

"Two-Face has been sighted outside Gotham Bank" Barbara read from the screen.

She quickly stood up and went to the storage to change into Batgirl costume.

"Please be careful" Alfred said as Batgirl hurried to the Batmobile.

"Always" Batgirl said and jumped in the Batmobile, turned on the engine and drove off.

Gotham Bank was surrounded by police when she arrived there. Gordon walked to her when she parked Batmobile near blockade and jumped out.

"What's the situation?" Batgirl asked.

"Two-Face is inside with four henchmen, they have three hostages" Gordon explained.

"Strike team is ready to go in Commish"

Bullock walked to them and he was eating donut.

"Leave this to me" Batgirl said.

"Where is Batman?" Bullock asked.

Batgirl ignored him and walked closer to Bank and used grapple gun to get to the roof. She walked to the nearest skylight and looked in. She couldn't see anyone from there, so she walked to next skylight and looked in. She saw two thugs, they were both standing in the vault and putting money in the bags. Batgirl looked around, there was ventilation duct nearby. She walked to it, opened it and crawled in. There was only short distance to crawl before long drop. Batgirl slid down using her arms and legs to slow down the fall. She crawled out from the duct, she was almost at the middle of the bank. Duct had been inside buttress. Batgirl looked around, she didn't see Two-Face or hostages anywhere. She started to sneak towards vault. She managed to get halfway there when thugs turned around, Batgirl threw herself behind desk.

"I think I saw something" shorter thug said.

"You're just imagining things, let's go tell boss that money is in the bags" other thug said.

"You go, I'll check things around here"

Batgirl peeked behind the desk, shorter thug stayed and longer thug walked towards offices. Thug started walking around and looked behind desks, he would soon reach Batgirl's hideout. Batgirl stayed still and waited. When thug looked behind desk where Batgirl was, he startled and was about to warn others but Batgirl kicked him to the face and he fell and didn't get up. Batgirl dragged him behind the desk and walked towards offices. There was sounds coming from last office and Batgirl walked to it and looked through the window. Two-Face was standing in the middle of the office, all hostages were on their knees in front of him. Two of the hostages were men dressed in black business suit, last hostage was woman dressed in black skirt and jacket. Two-Face had tommy gun, he was holding it with his right hand and was flipping coin with his left hand. Woman looked like she was about to cry, Two-Face walked closer to her.

"Do you fear me?" Two-Face asked.

Small puddle appeared between woman's legs as she peed herself.

"Pathetic" Two-Face snarled.

"Hey!" someone shouted.

Batgirl turned around, thug had came from the office behind Batgirl. He reached for his pistol but Batgirl quickly dashed forward and hit thug's head to wall, he fell down and didn't stood up. Two thugs came from other office.

"What's going on out there?!" Two-Face yelled.

Batgirl quickly moved to the thugs and hit their heads together, they both fell down unconscious. Two-Face walked to the window and looked through it. Batgirl ran towards window and jumped through it to the office and knocked down Two-Face.

"Run!" She said to the hostages.

Two-Face kicked her off while hostages ran away.

"Why can't you just die!?" he snarled.

Two-Face stood up and aimed tommy gun at Batgirl, Batgirl was quicker and threw batarang. Gun flew to the corner and Two-Face snarled. Batgirl stood up and Two-Face walked closer to her. He tried to hit her but Batgirl dodged it and kicked, Two-Face blocked the kick. Two-Face tried to hit her again but she dodged and it looked like it only made Two-Face angrier. Two-Face continued attacking, Batgirl dodged attacks and sometimes tried to kick or hit him but Two-Face blocked them.

Batgirl didn't want to hurt him. Harvey Dent was still somewhere, buried deep in the mind of Two-Face. He had been good friend to Bruce and valuable ally to Gordon. Two-Face was finally able to land a hit to Batgirl's face, Batgirl staggered and Two-Face kicked her to the chest. Batgirl flew backward and hit desk, Two-Face ran to tommy gun and picked it up. He turned around and aimed at Batgirl, Batgirl backflipped over the desk and threw herself to the floor behind it. Two-Face started shooting, desk gave very little cover. Bullets came through it and before Batgirl even noticed, she started to pee in her pants.

"You're not taking me back to Arkham!" Two-Face yelled, it sounded like he was moving towards the door.

Suddenly shooting stopped and Batgirl peeked behind the desk, Two-Face tried to reload the gun. Apparently it had jammed.

"Lousy piece of garbage!" Two-Face yelled and threw gun to the floor.

Batgirl stood up but crouched after she saw that Two-Face drew a pistol from inside his jacket.

"Don't try to follow me!" Two-Face fired twice and ran away.

Batgirl waited a few seconds before she walked to the door, she didn't see Two-Face anywhere. She walked cautiously to the middle of the Bank and looked around. Money bags were in the vault but Two-Face was nowhere to be seen.

"Where did he go?" Batgirl muttered.

Batgirl saw that police strike team was closing in the Bank, Batgirl used grapple gun to get to the roof.

Batgirl sat in the Batmobile and was on her way to her apartment. Police had found hidden tunnel from the Bank, Two-Face had used it to escape. Wet pants didn't feel so uncomfortable anymore. She have had so many accident within a week that it had become routine to her. There was still four blocks to go when red light started blinking on the dashboard and address appeared on the monitor. Apparently there was something minor going on in Robinson Park. Batgirl sighed, she could go to her apartment and change her pants quickly but she knew that she had to investigate first what was going on in Robinson Park.

There was no sign of police units anywhere when she arrived to the Robinson Park. Batgirl jumped out from the Batmobile and walked to the Park, she didn't know where to look or what to look. While she walked towards the center of the Park she became aware of one thing, had the number of plants increased? some bushes looked odd. Then suddenly something grabbed her from the leg, Batgirl fell on her back and something pulled her towards the center of the Park. Batgirl looked to her leg and saw vine that had spun around her leg and was pulling her. Finally vine stopped pulling but then other vine emerged from somewhere and tied her wrists together and pulled her up. Batgirl's feets barely touched the ground.

"I knew that if I make minor disturbance someone would come but I was waiting for Batman"

Woman with red hair and green eyes appeared from the shadows. She was wearing light green pantyhose and green strapless one-piece bathing suit, her boots and gloves were also green. Her shoulders, arms and part of her chest was bare. She had miniature repeating crossbow on her right wrist.

"Ivy!" Batgirl said.

"Don't look so surprised darling, after all Arkham is empty. This had to happen sooner or later" Poison Ivy said.

"Let me guess, this is a revenge?" Batgirl asked.

"I wanted Batman but I can start with you sweetheart, you vigilantes always ruin my plans" Poison Ivy answered.

Batgirl felt something spinning around her leg and moving towards her crotch, she looked down and saw vine that looked like a tentacle.

"Something has caught my plant's attention on you" Poison Ivy walked closer.

Another vine spun around Batgirl's other leg and vines spread her legs wide, Poison Ivy stopped in front of her and examined Batgirl.

"Oh my, someone has been naughty" Poison Ivy smirked.

She looked at Batgirl's crotch for a while with smile on her face, then turned around and walked away.

"I hope you don't make a mess when my plant eats you" Poison Ivy said.

Vine released Batgirl's wrists and tentacles on her legs pulled up so she was upside down. Another tentacles spun around her arms and turned her around. Batgirl let out silent scream, she was looking at huge plant that had teeth or rather she was looking into its mouth. Batgirl struggled, tried to free her arms and legs. She managed to free her right arm. Batgirl quickly grabbed batarang from her belt and used it to cut tentacle on her left arm.

"Stop it, what are you doing?!" Poison Ivy shouted.

Batgirl cut rest of the tentacles, plant made a sound that sounded like it was in pain. Batgirl fell on the ground and quickly stood up, Poison Ivy was walking closer and aiming her with crossbow.

"My baby, you hurt it!" Poison Ivy fired the crossbow.

Batgirl crouched and arrow hit the plant, it made sounds and Poison Ivy grabbed her head like she was also in pain.

"No! look what you made me do!"

Batgirl ran away, Poison Ivy fired the crossbow but missed.

"I will find you!" Poison Ivy said.

Batgirl was hiding behind bushes when Poison Ivy walked past her without noticing her. Bushes shook and Poison Ivy turned quickly around and fired, Batgirl barely managed to dodge. Hiding was useless, Poison Ivy was communicating with the plants. Batgirl ran to random direction and soon she saw small building, it was public toilet and maintenance building. Batgirl heard sound behind her and she turned around, Poison Ivy was walking closer. Batgirl backed away until her back hit the wall of the building. Poison Ivy was two steps away from Batgirl when she fired the crossbow, Batgirl had anticipated that so she was able to dodge the arrow by throwing herself to the left.

Arrow hit the water pipe and water gushed to the flagstones. Batgirl backed away while Poison Ivy reloaded crossbow, she was standing on the water puddle. Batgirl noticed power line above Poison Ivy, Batgirl grabbed batarang from her belt and threw it. Batarang cut the power line and it fell to the water puddle. Poison Ivy screamed in pain as electric shocks ran through her body. Batgirl grabbed another batarang from belt and threw it, batarang cut the power line again from different place. Poison Ivy fell forward and didn't move. Batgirl stood up and quickly ran to Poison Ivy and made sure that she was still alive. Batgirl sighed in relief and when she straightened herself she noticed something. Poison Ivy had large dark patch on her crotch and obvious bulge on her bottom, she had lost her bladder and bowel control when she was electrocuted. Batgirl felt sorry for her but she couldn't do anything about it, she heard police sirens nearby.

Batgirl was hiding behind bushes when couple police officers arrived to the scene, at the same time Poison Ivy was regaining consciousness. Police handcuffed Poison Ivy and helped her up. Bullock arrived to the scene with two police officers.

"What happened here?" Bullock asked and waved towards water puddle and power line.

Poison Ivy was looking at the ground or she was looking at the dark patch on her crotch. Bullock turned his attention to Poison Ivy.

"Did she peed in her pants?" Bullock asked.

Poison Ivy raised her gaze and looked at Bullock like she wanted to kill him.

"And what is that awful smell?"

"Take me out of here!" Poison Ivy yelled.

Police walked Poison Ivy away.

"I'd hate to be the one who has to clean her costume" Bullock blurted.

Batgirl returned to the Batcave and she hurried to the storage before Alfred arrived to the Cave. She changed her pants and walked to the Batcomputer.

"Any luck with Harvey?" Alfred asked and handed cup of tea to Batgirl.

"No, he managed to escape but we caught Poison Ivy. She was in Robinson Park" Batgirl took a sip from cup.

"And what Miss Isley wanted?" Alfred asked.

"Revenge against Batman" Batgirl said.

"So typical" Alfred blurted.

"How's Dick?" Batgirl asked.

"Master Dick is sleeping, his wounds are healing at good rate" Alfred answered.

"Good. Could you make some coffee? I think this is gonna be long night" Batgirl said.

"Certainly" Alfred walked to the stairs and left the Cave.

Next hour Batgirl investigated more files and documents, Alfred was once again dusting. Batcomputer beeped and popup appeared on the screen, it was high level alert.

"Troubles?" Alfred asked.

"High level alert, it coming from Wayne Enteprice's warehouse" Batgirl read from the screen.

"More medical- or laboratory equipment robberies?" Alfred suggested.

"Only one way to find out" Batgirl ran to Batmobile, jumped in and drove off.

From the outside warehouse looked intact, there was no sign of any vehicles nearby. Batgirl parked Batmobile and jumped out.

"Am I too late?" Batgirl thought.

She grabbed grapple gun and used it to get to the roof, she immediately noticed that skylight was open. Batgirl walked to it, crouched and looked in. She saw piles of crates but no intruder. Batgirl took rope from belt, tied it to nearest thing that will hold and rappelled inside the warehouse. Almost immediately when her feets touched the floor, someone grabbed her with chokehold from behind. She fainted before she even managed to do anything.

It was dark, she could see anything. First she thought that she had been blindfolded but then she realised that the room was dark. Batgirl moved a little, at least she was able to move. Her wrists were tied together above her, rope was tied to roof. Suddenly light turned on and Batgirl was blinded for a brief moment. When she was able to see again, she saw that light only illuminated small circle around her. Her utility belt was on the chair near her. There was someone else in the room, she could hear it but she couldn't see.

"Who's there?!" Batgirl tried to keep her voice steady.

Heavy steps and they came closer.

"Who are you?!" Batgirl was afraid.

Huge figure came forth to the light. Man dressed in wrestling suit, black tank top and blue pants. Black mask, face part was white, mouth and nose were visible. White dispenser on left wrist, there was tube going from dispenser to the back of the mask. Batgirl had never seen him personally but she had read the file about him.

"Bane?"

"You have done your homework little one" Bane answered.

Rest of the lights turned on. They weren't in the room, it was huge hall and they were on the second floor corridor.

"Where are we?" Batgirl asked.

"In the old abandoned Arkham wing" Bane said.

"Why are you in Gotham?"

"To get my revenge on Batman but since he isn't here I start with you. How much pain can you endure before your mind snaps?"

Bane approached Batgirl. Suddenly window above them shattered, Bane and Batgirl looked up. Something black landed between them, batarang flew through air and cut the rope that was holding Batgirl. Figure stood up, black cape, mask, gloves and boots. Gray suit, black bat symbol on the yellow oval. Batman had arrived.

"You okay?" Batman asked from Batgirl without taking his gaze from Bane.

"Yeah, I'm alright" Batgirl answered after she had freed her hands.

Batgirl grabbed her belt from the chair and put it on, Batman and Bane were staring each other.

"So you have finally arrived" Bane broke the silence.

"You still use my allies to get me?" Batman answered.

"I didn't touch her, besides that trap was meant for you" Bane said.

"Who hired you this time, Thorne again?"

"Thorne didn't hire me, I was hired by someone else"

"How much it is this time? double?"

"I'm not doing this for the money, simply for revenge. And I received something far more important than money, or what do you think? Mister Wayne"

Batman's facial expression remained the same but Batgirl was horrified, how could he know Batman's identity.

"I have already beaten you before, what has changed?" Batman asked.

"Everything, it's exciting to know that the man behind the mask is just an ordinary billionaire" Bane answered.

"You're wrong, I am not ordinary"

"We'll see" Bane turned controller on dispenser.

Venom started pumping into Bane's body and pumped him twice as big.

"Oh my god" Batgirl whispered.

She had never seen something like that and she was terrified. Warmness spread in her pants as she wet herself in fear, urine ran down her legs into her boots, gushed from her crotch to the floor. At this moment it was the most wonderful feeling in the world.

"This time I will break you!" Bane yelled.

Bane approached Batman and hit, Batman easily dodged the hit and kicked Bane to the stomach. Bane didn't flinch, he tried to hit Batman again but Batman was faster than Bane. Batman hit Bane twice with both hands to the face, it had very little effect. Bane slapped with the back of the hand and this time it hit Batman. Batman staggered but recovered quickly, he jumped backward and waited. Bane approached and Batman hit him again to the face and then kicked him. Bane grabbed Batman from leg and threw him to the floor.

Batman stood up and continued attacking. Batgirl could only stand there and watch, Batman and Bane shared kicks and punches. Batman dodged most of the Bane's attacks but some of them landed. Batman's attacks barely had any effect on Bane. She didn't know how long she was standing there, Batman and Bane fought like it would be their last battle. Neither of them showed any exhaustion. Batman's corner of the mouth was bleeding little, Bane didn't have any injuries. Batman dashed forward and Bane managed to land a heavy hit, Batman flew backward.

"Batman!" Batgirl said.

She couldn't just stand there and watch, she had to do something. She ran towards Bane.

"Batgirl don't!" Batman yelled.

Batgirl hit Bane to the face, it felt like she was hitting steel wall. She jumped and kicked Bane but it didn't have any effect either. Bane turned his attention to Batgirl and hit her twice to the abdomen, the pain was excruciating. Bane hit with uppercut and kicked Batgirl to chest. Batgirl flew backwards and fell on her back.

"Batgirl!" Batman yelled and stood up.

Excruciating pain on her lower abdomen increased, her organs were on fire. Then suddenly the pain vanished, at the same time she felt huge bulge appearing on her bottom. Batgirl felt dizzy, her bottom was now heavy. It felt like everything that had been inside her, was now in her pants. Batman dashed towards Bane and hit him, Bane staggered. Batman hit him again and again and again, Bane backed away until he was at the railing. Batman took few steps and kicked Bane to the chest, he spun over the railing and fell down. Batman walked to the railing and looked down. Batgirl crawled closer. Bane stood up and backed away.

"How is this possible, we are equal despite of Venom. You are no ordinary man, what are you?" Bane sounded surprised.

Batman jumped over the railing and landed few steps away from Bane, Batman answered and his every word was filled with anger.

"I am vengeance...I am the night...I am BATMAN!"

And he dashed forward and hit Bane, Bane fell on his knee. Batman kicked and Bane fell on his back. Batman backed away, he was getting exhausted.

"So be it" Bane stood up.

"I will make you beg for mercy! and scream my name!" Bane turned controller on dispenser.

Bane started to pump bigger. Amazement expression was on Batman's face for a brief moment but then it was gone.

"Batman!" Bane yelled and ran towards Batman.

Batman dodged and Bane ran past him then stopped and looked around. Batgirl suddenly understand what was going on. Bane had took too much Venom, his strength might have grown but it affected too much on his brains. Bane turned around and ran again towards Batman and tried to hit him. Batman dodged again and Bane ran to wall. He turned around.

"I will break you!" he yelled.

Batman quickly glanced behind him, it was wrong move. Bane ran towards him and managed to land a hit. Batman flew long distance until he hit the wall. Bane was running towards him. Batman threw himself to the floor just before Bane hit. Bane's fist went through wall and suddenly electric shocks ran through his body. Bane had hit some wires inside the wall. Batman slowly stood up, he was totally exhausted. Suddenly Bane fell to his back, electricity must have short circuited somewhere. Batman walked to Bane and pulled tube from Bane's mask, Venom drained to the floor and Bane returned normal.

"Batman...must find...who is...break you!" Bane muttered.

"What happened to him?" Batgirl asked, she was finally able to stand up.

"Apparently Venom overdose and electric shocks has affected his brain" Batman answered.

"So does that mean that your identity is safe" Batgirl said.

"It looks that way, only time will tell" Batman walked towards Batgirl.

"How did you know where I was?" Batgirl asked.

"I didn't, it was a hunch"

"Where is Robin?"

"I left him with Alfred and Dick, we arrived shortly after you had left the Batcave. We caught Riddler few hours ago"

"Now we can focus on those medical equipment robberies and Arkham breakout" Batgirl said.

"Bane was behind Arkham breakout"

"How do you know?" Batgirl was surprised.

"I read the files in Batwing and Dick told me what you have done"

"Then who is behind medical equipment robberies?"

"His boss"

"You know who that is?"

"Yes"

"Why I am not surprised?" Batgirl said.

"Bane revealed who it is when he said my name. Only one person comes to mind"

"Who?"

"Ra's al Ghul" Batman answered.

"Very well done, detective" male voice said.

Man walked to the hall where they were. Every part of his clothing was green, even his cape. Man had little black hair.

"Why Ra's?" Batman asked.

"A plan was to make Lazarus Pit less dangerous but it seems to be impossible. Victor Fries was a perfect man for stealing medical- and laboratory equipments since he is a scientist" Ra's al Ghul smiled a little.

"And the Arkham breakout?" Batman asked.

"Just to test your limits but then we learned that you aren't in Gotham so we watched your pupil's struggle. She lacks certain things" Ra's al Ghul glanced Batgirl briefly.

Batgirl suddenly had a bad feeling, was Ra's al Ghul talking about her lack of bladder and bowel control?

"Where is Nora Fries?" Batman asked.

"She is in here, safe" Ra's al Ghul answered.

"I'm taking you into custody" Batman approached Ra's al Ghul but stopped when someone shot at the floor between them.

"I can't let you do that, beloved"

Woman appeared from the shadows, she had black hair and pink dress that was pretty revealing. She had revolver on her right hand.

"Talia" Batman was surprised.

Batgirl reached for the batarang but Batman raised his hand and told her not to do anything without even looking at her.

"Wise move detective" Ra's al Ghul said and glanced Batgirl.

"Talia" Batman said again.

"I'm sorry beloved" Talia answered.

Ra's al Ghul smiled to Batman, turned around and walked away. Talia followed him but walked backward, staring at Batman who stared back. Then they disappeared in the shadows.

"Beloved?" Batgirl said.

"Let's find Nora and inform Gordon" Batman said.

It didn't take long for them to find Nora. She had been in one of the cells and was unharmed. They had informed Gordon and were returning to Cave, or at least that's what Batgirl thought. Batman stopped Batmobile near Barbara's apartment.

"What are we doing in here?" Batgirl asked.

"You need to see doctor first, you might wanna clean yourself a little" Batman answered.

Batgirl knew that bulge on her bottom was very visible, probably even half-blind would see it from far away. Despite of that she felt herself blushing. She jumped out from the Batmobile.

"I pick you up after half an hour" Batman said and drove off.

Batgirl used grapple gun to get to the roof. She made sure that there was no-one before she went to her apartment. She had never felt herself so dirty. After she took off her costume she took a shower and stayed there for twenty minutes. While putting on black bras and panties her glance wandered around diaper pack. She shook her head and put on her costume, walked to the window and jumped out. Batman arrived to pick her up exactly after half an hour had passed. They didn't spoke a single word during the drive. Batgirl was blushing through whole drive.

Leslie Thompkins was a good friend of Bruce Wayne and Batman turned to her when he needed medical attention that went beyond the abilities of himself or Alfred. Leslie was operating in Crime Alley. It felt strange to tell Leslie what had happened during fight against Bane, how she had soiled herself. Batgirl also told about what had happened during her fights with Catwoman, at this point Batgirl bursted into tears. After a moment she was able to control herself and Leslie examined her carefully. Batgirl knew that results would be bad but it still was hard to hear them. Her bladder and bowel sphincters were badly damaged, they would heal in time but it was very slow process. During that time she had no control over her bladder or bowel.

###

Barbara closed diary and put it on the table. It had been two weeks since their fight with Bane and she didn't notice any kind of improvement in her condition. Phone rang and Barbara picked up the handset.

"Hello" she answered.

"It's me, I need your help" it was Batman.

"What's going on?"

"Two-Face has sighted at the Dixon Dock" Batman answered.

"Okay"

"I'll be there in five minutes" Batman hung up the phone.

Barbara put down the handset, stood up and walked to the closet. During that walk she noticed that her panties were wet, she had wet herself when she had been reading her diary. Barbara opened the closet and took Batgirl costume from it. When Barbara had ordered diapers from online she had felt herself like a kid in candy shop and didn't know what to buy, so she had bought many different kinds. There was at least dozen diaper packs in her closet, all kind of diapers. From pull-up diapers that felt like regular panties all the way to extremely bulky tape diapers. Usually she put on a diaper that was little bulky and slightly visible underneath her costume. Few times she had even dared to put on extremely bulky diaper.

In her apartment she didn't wore diapers because she wanted to train her muscles but that didn't work out well and she had to do laundry more often. During the nights she wore two diapers just for fun and because she had more accidents while she was sleeping. Barbara removed her blue dress, it was wet from the back. Barbara walked to the bathroom and threw dress in washing machine. She was about to take off her pink panties when she had an idea. She walked back to the closet and took tape diaper from one package. Barbara walked to bed, set diaper on the bed and sat on it. She set diaper perfectly, made sure it was tight and attached tapes. Wet panties under diaper felt good. Barbara put on Batgirl costume. She looked herself from the mirror. Diaper was slightly bulging on her bottom and crotch. Batgirl patted her bottom, walked to the window and jumped out. They still needed to apprehend Two-Face, Killer Croc and the rest of Arkham inmates.

THE END

I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it. I am currently writing another story, this time I write the whole story and then post it here. This time it's my own creation. I also have few other story ideas. Probably gonna write another Batgirl story, might even consider writing part 2 for this story. Or I go back to Resident Evil. It's up to you what you want, but next one is the one that I am currently writing. I think that was all I had in mind right now.

