The Principle of Desperation

Author: Foxlover

*000*2012-05-21 22:24

19-year-old Austin slouched into the student administration office surly as ever. This is the third time he’d been called out of his class today, and the 9th time this year. If the principal busted him this time, he’d be suspended. This was the worst possible time too. He’d just been on his laptop having a conversation with these two awesome chicks, MsDesp and Burstingirl, both who were into pee play like himself. He shouldered his book bag containing his books, giant 32 oz. cup from Quiktrip and his pencils and knocked on the door. “Enter” said a crisp, unforgiving female voice. Austin ambled into the overly air conditioned office and took his seat in the worn chair in front of Ms. Thane, the principal at J.T Eckerd High. She was known for having a tongue like a sword and nails almost as sharp. She was a rather pretty 34 –year-old woman, a fact that Austin’s raging teen hormones could not ignore.

Her jet-black hair was pulled up in a bun almost as tight as her mouth line. He found his eyes straying to her voluptuous chest and quickly raised his book bag to cover his erection. Ms. Thane closed her laptop. “Well?” the steel-tipped voice cut through his reverie. He looked up at her through his greasy curtain of black hair. “Defacing school property again, are we, you juvenile miscreant?” She seemed even more irritable as usual. Unable to stop the sarcasm welling up in his throat, Austin blurted “Well, ma’am, I AM going to be an art major, so I might as well start early. Ms. Thane’s eyes narrowed even more, and Austin heard a tapping sound. He looked down and saw that her heel was tapping incessantly on the floor. What reason did SHE have to be nervous? He wondered silently. Maybe she... no, he couldn’t think like that, too good to be true. “Art major? Young man, this is your last strike. I can have you suspended faster than you can say “Van Gogh!” She spat waspishly.

Austin noticed her legs were also doubly crossed, and she seemed rather tense. With a twinge of excitement, he felt that she might need to pee. Female desperation was a fetish he’d harbored since middle school, and if his attractive principal was desperate... His suspicions were confirmed when she got up and said “Alright, Sanders, I have some…business to attend to, you wait here for me. Austin saw the perfect opportunity to make the principal suffer, as payback for what she was about to do to him. “Ms. Thane, before you kick me out, might I at least tell you why I do these things?” he asked innocently. He smiled inwardly at the glimmer of fear in her eyes at the prospect of being made to wait even longer for relief. She steeled herself and sat back down.

“Proceed,” She said through gritted teeth. Austin launched into an agonizingly long tale about always wanting to become an artist. Ms. Thane winced all throughout the section where he wanted to draw only waterfalls. She pretended to drop her pen and ducked under the table, giving herself a quick squeeze to help her overloaded bladder in its losing struggle. Glancing back up, she saw that Austin had finished his story. She looked at him venomously.

“I see you’re enjoying my discomfort, child. Austin went brick red, thinking she had guessed his secret desire, till he realized she assumed his delight was purely vindictive. Austin was unfazed and pulled out his Quiktrip drink and drank the last of it, not noticing that he had removed his backpack, and the bulge of his enlarged member was wildly apparent. “So, he thinks my struggle is alluring, does he?” Ms. Thane suddenly had an excellent idea of how they could both get out of this on top. The principal grinned. She was going to give him a show he’d never forget. She got up and crossed over onto her desk, making sure that her desperation was in full view of the boy. “Mr. Sanders.” She said sharply, wanting him to think she was still angry. Austin looked up at her defiantly. “I assume you have now deduced from my actions that I am on the verge of wetting myself?” she said matter-of-factly.

This took Austin totally by surprise. She had beaten him at his own game, and now he’d be in even bigger trouble. Trembling and red-faced, he looked at her and mumbled “I hadn’t noticed.” Ms. Thane rolled her eyes. “Please do give my intelligence some credit, Mr. Sanders. You came up with that ridiculous story of wanting to be an artist in the hopes that I would be forced to soil myself, did you not?” Austin saw all of his secrets being brought to light, and he wasn’t sure how to respond.

“I-I don’t want that to happen…” Ms. Thane’s lips parted into a smile. “You mean, you don’t enjoy it when I do this?” she buried her hands between her legs, bent over, and started doing a pee dance, moaning as she did. Austin gulped, and Ms. Thane saw his member enlarge even more. Ms. Thane tapped her earpiece and Austin heard a warbled voice. Ms. Thane looked alarmed, then thoughtful, then finally..excited? She shot a furtive glance at the cup in his hand.“I’m going to make a deal with you, Sanders. I’ll let you go and even wipe your slate clean, if you let me use that cup.” Austin was confused.

“Um, Ms. Thane… not that I’m complaining, but how will my cup be proper restitution for my freedom? Ms. Thane clucked her tongue. “Really, Mr. Sanders, you’re a smart boy. As I’ve told you, I am bursting to pee, and as my secretary has just informed me that the ladies is being cleaned…” Austin’s eyes widened. “Wait, you want to…” Ms. Thane nodded. “Think about it, Sanders. I’m offering you the chance to start over, with a clean record, while giving you the opportunity to watch a grown woman empty her poor bursting bladder into your cup. You can even keep it.” She smiled and took the cup from him and dropped her panties. She then looked up at him and smiled again.

“Turns out, this is rather hot for me as well, Sanders, so here’s what you can do. You can hold the cup, and I won’t pee a drop will you tell me I can. She placed the cup into his numb hand and positioned herself over hit, breathing hard with the effort to hold it. “Quickly, Sanders, I’m rather desperate here.” Austin was still in shock, but he recovered. “Um…go ahead…” he said. Ms. Thane’s breathing was audible as she began releasing her pent-up urine into the cup. While she was flowing, the secretary burst in then stopped, frozen in shock at the sight of Austin and Ms. Thane. “M-Ms. Thane! How could you!?” Ms. Thane began to try to explain when the secretary cut her off. “You mean to tell you you’ve commandeered this young man’s cup while I’ve been over here BURSTING for a tinkle?!” Ms. Thane smiled. “well, Harriet, by all means, join me.” 

Harriet looked apprehensively at Austin. “You don’t mind, do you?” Ms. Thane cut in. “of course he doesn’t, he’s loving every minute of this. Harriet, meet Desplover3. Harriet smiled, and Austin wondered how the heck Ms. Thane knew is pee forum username; unless…. “Well, then, let’s give him what he came for. Harriet positioned herself on the other edge of the cup, and both women began to pee loudly, their streams meeting midair as the two women relieved themselves into the cup. When they had finished, Ms. Thane got a bottle of water for herself and Harriet. 

“Thank you, Mr. Sanders, you’ve been a big help.” Austin got shakily to his feet, placing the cap back on the urine-filled cup. He turned to go, when Ms. Thane called after him. “Mr. Sanders, come back in an hour or so, once Harriet and I have gotten properly…hydrated. What do you think, Burstingirl?” Harriet smiled. “A fabulous idea, MsDesp.” Harriet kissed Austin’s cheek, and Ms. Thane winked. Austin left the room, eagerly awaiting the end of the hour.

*003*2012-06-06 01:16

Lokii64...cooler than turtles, man? Let's not get crazy here...

*005*2012-06-10 01:32

*holds up hands in surrender* Hey, I'm just, sayin'...turtles are pretty sweet...

*007*2012-12-10 06:18

X

