Beast Quest mini series

Author: Krystal

*000*2012-11-11 23:25

Chapter one: Beyond The Western Sea

"I've never heard of Gwildor " said Elenna

Tom nodded in agreement as he clutched the amulet in his hand.

"Everything has its twin," Adruo said. "A companion and an opposite. It keeps the universe in balance."

"Gwildor is Avintia's twin kingdom?" Asked Tom.

A while later, the wizzard Adruo had put many items in a cauldron and carefully tipped the vial of magic water and poof Tom and Elenna had been transported to the western ocean of Avintia.

As they had lannded with some impact,.Tom had picked himself up and handed Elenna a had, she greatfully accsepted and collected her bow and tom his sword, after they had collected there's needs a vessle had floated to the shore and the team estimated that it was their way of getting to Gwildor.

Once onboard the ship there was no going back, tom made sure to have a 'pit stop' while elenna said she did not require to go, both of them looked as your normal travelers, Tom in a leather tunic and tan hide pants and leather boots, a sword and shield on his back, he was ready.

Elenna was dreading the ship journey there tho she looked ready, a tight leather tunic supporting her breasts and some ram pants with leather boots, a fully loaded quiver and a strong ebony wood bow, the one thing she needed was q bathroom, the boat took about a days journey to get to Gwildor, if the sky stays clear.

Elenna had been waiting but her urge was growing, it didn't help that they were on a boat nor did it help it the sea was rough, she figeted abit, staying below deck so she could sit down, but the ship kept jolting her making her urge worse, her friend Tom had gone to sleep in one of the bunks and she doesn't hope he wakes up to see het desperate.

A couple of hours later and she had both hands on her crotch and her legs crossed, she was very desperate, Tom still now woken up yet had been talking in his sleep causing elenna to giggle a few times, Tom tossed and turned saying things like "No nanny, don't put peanutbutter on my armpit" or "I don't want cheeses with my ale thanks" these silly saying made elenna laugh so much that she leaked a drop and felt her panties dampen, the feeling was warm and comforting for her but she had tensed her muscles and tried to hold on longer.

But who could blame her, after the first drop is out it is hard to keep it in, it only took five minuets after the first drop for a squirt to come out, her face grew to a crimson colour as her panties felt moist again than followed by a longer squirt.

She regained control of her problem and stupidly stood up just as the boat hit a wave, she tumbled over moaning in relive that all of her pee was now cascading her legs and crotch, she lay there for what seems an hour in q pool of pee slowly sinking into the floorboards, after she got up, she went and layer in a bunk slowly placing herself on dreamland.

