Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 9

Author: omobecca

*162*2020-08-12 03:50

Sorry I’ve been inactive… again. I want to write more Lula stories, I really do, but I’ve been hit hard with work and such. I will also only carry on If people want me to? I don’t know. Corona got me uninterested in a lot of things. Feeling this chapter though

A Wet Pandemic

Lula tightly closed her eyes and scrunched her nose. Her lips trembled. Her breathing got deep and erratic. Her left hand was grasping her left breast under her school shirt. She felt the inside of her bra tickle against her stiff nipple.

Lula slipped the middle and ring fingers of her right hand into her vagina and tensed the tips of them, applying pressure on the inside. She gently pulled them out and making sure to tease her clit on the way out. Her whole crotch flinched and spasmed. Her fingers were sufficiently lubricated to repeat the process again and again. Each time she felt her teeth tap away against the end of her tongue as she tried to hold back a moan.

“Are you nearly ready!?” Lula’s Mum shouted from behind the bathroom door. Lula’s whole body umped and lifted off the toilet seat as she clumsily pulled her hand from beneath her shirt and regained her breath.

“Y… yeah one minute” she stuttered.

“Hurry up!”

“Mmn…yeah” Lula couldn’t find her words. She paused for a few seconds to make sure her Mum wasn’t outside the door. She knew it was locked but still she hated being interrupted. After a while Lula had calmed her breathing and gently rubbed her ring finger over her vagina once again before finally letting out a stream of pee. She felt the pressure against her finger and her skin saturate. Her back arched and she tilted her head towards the ceiling as she finished the pee against her finger. As the last few drips hit the toilet water she sighed and wiped her hands down with toilet paper.

She then wiped around the outside of her vagina before pulled her pastel yellow knickers up to her waist. As the fabric of the gusset tickled her skin she watched as the material became slightly stained with a light pee stain. A small patch of pastel yellow grew out to be a bolder yellow and one tiny dribble ran itself down towards her backside, leaving a slightly darker trail. The repeated black dot pattern over her knickers seemed to not show up darker at all. The patch was no bigger than a grape. Lula loved the feeling knowing her underwear was slightly wet. Only she would know and it made her feel naughty.

Lula pulled up her black tights as she got off the toiler and pulled her skirt into place, tucking her shirt into the waistband. She swiped her tie off the floor and did it up against her collar.

*Fuck* she thought, realising she hadn’t properly washed her hands before sorting her uniform.

*I better not smell of pussy*

As usual, neither Lula or her Mum said much on the drive to school. Lula always found her Mum to be rushed and frustrated in the morning as she always wanted to get to work on time and avoid the school traffic. She realised it was easier not to say anything to avoid potentially winding her up.

Since the New Year, Lula had found a new sense of confidence having fully confided in Rosie what they now both knew they enjoyed. Lula had taken Rosie’s advice and given Tom the cold shoulder. He was persistent for a few weeks but eventually gave up halfway through February. Lula felt in control and loved seeing someone want to love her. She almost gave in a few times. She nearly agreed to meet with Tom outside of school twice but both times decided against it. She was not going to let him win. She only wanted to do it because he made her feel safe what, a few times? He was her first proper crush. She didn’t want to be used and it was clear as the weeks went on he was only looking for one thing. Rosie saw it too. Lula was happy to have such a good friend.

Speaking of Rosie; the girls had come to an agreement. A pact if you will. Given they now both knew about each other’s pee fetish they wanted to keep it on the down low and not make it the only thing they wanted to talk about. They both wanted to carry on as normal and not let it take over every conversation. However, they also knew they only had each other to speak to about it. They agreed that every Friday after school they would walk back to Rosie’s house, knowing her parents would not be in, and indulge either on the walk or once back indoors. They would talk about any wettings they had done during the week and use that time to be open and honest. The first few weeks seemed a bit awkward but now, by the second week in March, they both appreciated the arrangement.

It just so happened that today was Friday. Last week they had made a new arrangement. Once in the woods on the way home they would quickly compare who had the wettest underwear despite not having peed themselves. This meant they could try and leak throughout the day or on that walk but it must not be a full wetting. They both seemed to enjoy seeing how far they could push the limits of their interest before it came undoable or embarrassing.

“There have now been over one hundred thousand cases of the virus across the world and there are now over four thousand deaths. There have been sixty new cases in the UK bringing the total to over five hundred. Billions of pounds are to be expected to be made available for the NHS as services and staff are expected to be stretched beyond capacity. Thousands of people are being tested every day and this number is expected to increase. Italy, the worst hit country in the world, has surpassed over ten thousand reported cases, The US have reported over one thousand cases. Gatherings of more than two hundred and fifty people have been banned in some states across the county. If you are concerned about the virus or are worried you may be infected you must call the NHS on one one one”

“Do you think it’ going to get worse?” Lula muttered against the radio.

“I don’t know. It looks like it. They were saying schools might close if it carries on like this”

“What, really? For how long?”

“No one knows, Lule’s”

Lula sighed. She had mock exams coming up soon. Se didn’t want to do them but things were ramping up at school and she wanted to do well.

“Bitch tits!” Rosie hollered as Lula walked towards the school gate, waving her Mum off as she drove away.

“Dick tits!” Lula replied as Rosie got closer.

“Dick tits?”

“I dunno. Seemed right” Lula giggled.

“You’re weird” Rosie tilted her head like a confused dog.

“You’re short” said Lula, scrunching her nose.

“THAT’S… unacceptable” snarled Rosie. Lula gave off a cheeky smile.

“You hear schools might close?” Lula asked as they walked into the school.

“Yeah maybe. Maybe it should. Wouldn’t be for too long would it?”

“Don’t know. It’s getting worse”

“Mmm yeah”

The girls strode through the corridors towards the canteen. A few of the older students watched and spoke to themselves as they passed. Lula kept her head up and walked right past. Ever since she ‘formally’ and finally rejected Tom, she became infamous amongst the Year 11’s for turning him down. Especially amongst the girls who all liked him. They didn’t understand why. Some of the older boys however, seemed to like her new found confidence. Both her and Rosie had embraced it and had begun to like the attention. Also because their new found attention seemed to annoy Charlotte. It was a win win.

The girls entered the canteen and made their way between the tables towards the water fountain. They now started every Friday morning off with two cups of water. They did not say why. They spoke nothing of pee. They just went and did it. They purposefully said nothing of it until the moment the bell rang at the end of the day. As Lula gulped her second cup or crisp, ice cold water she felt it miss her mouth slightly and dribble down her chin and onto her shirt collar. Rosie almost spat out her own drink.

“Oh my God you tramp” she snorted.

“Shut up” Lula replied, wiping her chin with her sleeve. They both filled up their newly purchased Chilly’s bottles and tucked them away for later. They both agreed to buy the bottles about a month ago. Lula bought herself the baby blue and pink gradient bottle. She thought it was cute. Every Friday since buying the bottles they agreed to make sure they filled them up at the start of the day, at break time, at lunch time, and just before leaving school.

Lula felt completely fine in her first lesson. She had fun on the swivel chair in the IT suite. It wasn’t her favourite lesson. She didn’t really understand why a lot of the things worked and also why they didn’t. She was never a disruptive student but she just wasn’t interested in computers. There was a rule however, that no food or drink could be had in the IT suite so not to risk damaging the computers. The moment the lesson ended she made sure to swig from her bottle as she walked to the Humanities block. Geography was okay but she preferred History.

Lula made sure to finish the bottle during Geography. Both her and Rosie filled up again at break time and spent the time chatting at their favourite picnic bench round the side of the school outside the English department.

“There’s that new girl” Rosie pointed out towards the raised flowerbeds.

“Hmm? Who?”

“Her! The Asian girl” Rosie pointed again, grabbing Lula’s wrist and shaking it.

Lula turned to see a slim girl on her own sitting on a bench beside one of the flower beds. She had long, jet black hair which sat neatly over her shoulders and over her chest. Her uniform looked too clean and obviously new. Her black shoes were polished to a shine. Most notably though she had a small, cute, bright pink flower bunch clipped into her hair. She was sat almost upright with her bag between her legs, a book in her lap she seemed to be engrossed in.

“Didn’t even know she was here” Lula admitted.

“What do you think? I think her name’s Sarah or Zara or something” Rosie asked.

“I… don’t? She’s new. Being new sucks. I don’t know her though so…” Lula shrugged.

“She’s like a deer in headlights. Look! There she goes”

The girl darted her head up every time someone shouted or if someone walked close to her.

“She’s new. People are scary”

“I guess” Rosie replied, twisting open the lid to her bottle and drinking from it.

The warning bell rang, letting everyone know they had five minutes to get to their next lesson. Both girls got up and began making their way to the water fountain to refill. Rosie turned and took one last look at the new girl who seemed a bit overwhelmed at the loud bell, not really knowing how to react. She carefully placed a bookmark in her book and put it away in her bag. She kept looking around trying to judge what the other students seemed to be doing. She had grasped the handles to her bag tightly and continued to sit on the bench. As the girl surveyed the courtyard her eyes met Rosie’s. Rosie scoffed before breaking her gaze and walked off with Lula.

“J'ai acheté une baguette et des pommes de terre” Lula said out loud as she wrote it in her book.

“Très bien!” said the teacher as she walked past. Lula smiled to herself.

Lula heard the classroom door open but ignored it. She was doing well and wanted to keep focusing.

“Yeah sure, oh that’s okay. Aucun problème. What’s your name?” sounded the teacher’s voice from the other side of the room.

“Over there? Bien sûr. Come on then” Lula heard the teacher come towards her and sweep past her seat on her left. She was followed by someone else. Lula looked up and saw it was the new girl. She was being seated opposite herself next to the window. Only three other students sat at that table and they were in their own little group so they all ignored her.

“Do you know any French?” asked the teacher. The girl bobbed her head. Lula couldn’t tell if she meant yes or no. The teacher walked off and fetched the girl a new workbook and spare textbook. Lula diverted her gaze as the new girl looked back at her. She carried on curling her toes to avoid shaking her leg too much. The water was starting to take effect.

About ten minutes had passed before some low conversation and giggling was filling the room.

“I bet she brought corona with her”

“Haha she must have the virus”

“Ew I don’t want it she can stay over there”

The teacher was doing her best to keep the drone of the chatter to a minimum. If anyone needed to get up they actively avoided the table by the new girl. Some of them were being very obvious about it.

“Oi” came a raised voice from behind Lula. Even she turned around to have a look. She recognised the voice to be Lauren’s. One of the… well… bitchy girls.

“Oi don’t ignore me” came the voice again. Lula felt sorry for the new girl already.

“Oi, fuckin’ new girl” she said slightly louder. As Lula turned to face the girl she saw a pen fly through the air narrowly missing the girl. She finally turned to face Lauren.

“Don’t do that” she said sternly.

“Fuckin’ answer me then new girl” said Lauren with raised eyebrows, leaning back on herself.

“What do you want?” asked the new girl.

“Okay new girl. First of all, you don’t speak to me like that. Okay? Don’t give me cheek”

“I do not know you” said the girl, not breaking eye contact.

Lauren started laughing.

“Don’t interrupt me either”

“I do…”

“Are you fuckin’ stupid?”

“I…”

Lauren laughed again.

“Shut the fuck up” snarled Lauren. The girl lowered her eyebrows and looked confused.

“Have you…”

“What?”

“Shht! Have you. Brought c.o.r.o.n.a. virus. With you. To this school?”

The girl didn’t answer. She looked shocked.

“C.a.n. You. U.n.d.e.r.s.t.a.n.d. Me?” said Lauren rudely. Lula started to feel sorry for the girl.

“That’s not how we speak to new students, Lauren” said the teacher who was finally walking over.

“Nah, Miss. The new girl’s giving me cheek. She’s being well rude, innit”

“I did not say anything to you” replied the girl sternly once again. She was trying to sound angry but her voice was soft and dainty.

“I asked you a question and you ignored me” Lauren snapped, raising her eyebrows again.

“You think I have the virus but I do not” claimed the girl.

Lauren scrunched her face, looking the new girl up and down.

“I’ve heard… You do”

“I do not have the virus” claimed the girl once more. Most people in the room had now stopped working and were listening.

“Excuse me girls this is not an appropriate conversation” the teacher began to flap.

“What is your problem?” the girl asked, turning in her chair to face Lauren.

“Is she squaring up to me? Haha girls look at this” Lauren started laughing once again, sitting back confidently in her chair”

“And why did you throw a pen at me?” questioned the girl.

“I didn’t throw no fuckin’ pen” Lauren snapped now looking angry.

“Lauren!” piped up the teacher.

“Nah, Miss she’s disrespecting me”

“You’re a liar” said the new girl.

“Nahhhhh” Lauren cried out in a deep bellow before standing up and pushing her chair back enough that it fell backwards.

“You got a problem new girl?” Lauren snarled, slowly strutting over to her.

“Lauren!” yelled the teacher again, “Sit. Down. Maintenant!” she snapped.

As Lauren approached the new girl she hesitated.

“Nah” she said looking at the floor, “if you didn’t have the virus though I’d come get you over there you get me?”

The teacher had now stood in front of Lauren to try and calm her down. The new girl was evidently upset. She wipder her nose with her sleeve. She stood up. With the teacher’s back to the new girl, she didn’t see her get up and walk directly past her towards Lauren.

“Ay what you…”

*PLAP*

Lauren fell backwards and clasped her face with both hands. The new girl had landed a punch straight into Lauren’s face. Blood started to drip from beneath Lauren’s fingers. She screamed out loud.

“Otogibanashi” muttered the girl before collecting her bag and walking, if anything calmly, out of the room. Everyone was stunned. No one had ever stood up to Lauren, let alone punch her in the face. Lula’s mouth was stuck open in shock.

*Fucking. Awesome. She’s cool*

By the time Lula and Rosie met up at lunch, what had happened in Lula’s French lesson had spread amongst everyone.

“You need to tell me everything that happened” Rosie demanded as they sat down at their table.

“It was great”

“Tell me tell me tell me”

“Well she came in late but I wasn’t really paying attention but then I realised it was her”

“Mmhmmm?”

“After a while people started talking saying she had the virus and stuff”

“What, why?”

“Because she’s…”

“Asian? Chinese? Who cares that’s just racist”

“Yeah I know. But Lauren tried to talk to her and she was ignoring her so Lauren got pissed off and starts having a go. Miss tried to calm her own but she starts saying she has the virus and having a go and she stands up and punches her in the face”

“I love it” said Rosie, her face shining with excitement.

“Hehe, yeah it was funny to see”

Lula noticed that Rosie’s leg was shaking beneath the table. She hadn’t thought about her own state since her French lesson. She had been too thrilled. She was starting to realise she could go pee though if she let it happen. She knew she could hold on the last hour though.

“She’ll be in isolation I bet”

“Huh, what?” Lula replied coming to.

“The new girl, they’ll have put her in isolation”

“Oh yeah, probably”

“I can’t”

“Can’t what?” asked Lula.

“I gotta go now, come with me?”

“What, go?”

“Yeah. Now”

“Useless” replied Lula as she got up to follow Rosie to the toilets. She was bending at the knees as she stood up, clasping her bottle in her right hand.

“I can’t go in” Lula claimed.

“Why not?”

“I… I’ll need to go, just… go”

“Why are you being weird?”

“Because… we don’t do this… now. Just go!” Lula muttered.

“Christ, we can go to the toilet” Rosie joked around. Lula was starting to feel flustered. Rosie began to contemplate her own need before making a growling sound and running into the bathroom. Lula stood outside trying not to think of her own need.

“Better!” Rosie exclaimed, pushing the door open to announce her presence.

“Yeah? Good” Lula replied gently trying not to think about going. The bell sounded.

“Gates at three, yeah?”

“Obviously”

Unlucky for Lula, her last lesson was English, meaning the room was pretty much silent. There were no distracting sounds, no headphones allowed, and no talking since they were trying a mock paper. She was shaking her leg the whole lesson and squeezing her thighs together to lessen the bloating in her crotch. By the last ten minutes, the bloating had started to feel like a large bruise. She was having to breath deeply, but as quiet as possible, to maintain her composure.

*knock knock knock*

Everyone looked up from their paper and stared at the door. In walked one of the office ladies. She wasn’t wearing her usual cheery grin. Her face looked hollow and her expression was shaken. She walked over to the teacher and whispered to him to not distract the students from their paper. It wasn’t working. They were all looking.

“Um. Hugh huhm” the teacher coughed, “can you all look this way please” he requested in his calm, deep voice.

“Yeah it’s okay, pens down. You need to listen please”

Everyone did as they were told. The teacher was holding a pile of papers which had been handed to him by the office lady.

“Well… I don’t know how to say this but… Unfortunately… due to the current nature of events, the Government has announced today that all schools will close from today until further notice. It is impossible…” he squinted to reread the paper again, “it is impossible for anyone’s safety or wellbeing to promised during this uncertain time so to prevent the spread of Covid-19 all schools must close so all students, staff, and their families can remain at home and stay safe”

He stopped reading and paused. No one spoke for a while.

“Everyone’s parents or guardians have received a text from the school. This news has been announced nationally so it will be on the television and the radio so everyone will be aware. When you leave today please make sure you take home everything you need to make sure you can keep revising” added the office lady, “I have given Sir a letter for you each to take home so make sure you go home with it, okay?” she stood awkwardly for awhile before edging herself out of the room. No one spoke for a while.

“Well. I suppose… You should all start packing up. Bring me what you’ve done and I’ll… have a while to look over them?” the teacher tried to joke. Some people giggled. Others looked visibly panicked. Lula had been trying to keep up with the news over the past few weeks but never guessed it would affect her directly. No one really knew how to react. All Lula knew was that her bladder was pressing against her belly. She refused to drink any more.

Once the final bell had rung, crowds of students were rushing about to speak to friends and to speak to teachers about what was going on. This was the most panicked and restless the school had ever seemed. There was a lot of emotion in the air. Lula walked past some toilets as she went to leave the English block. She winced and went to go inside. She turned away and walked outside. Ugh. This is the only day I get to do it. Idiot. You don’t have to. Nah. Ten more minutes.

“The fuck!?” Rosie mouthed as Lula walked closer.

Lula shrugged.

“How long do you think it’ll be for?”

“No idea” replied Lula.

“I’ve filled up since the bell and look” Rosie claimed, shaking her empty bottle.

“Heh” Lula laughed out loud, her face in distress.

“You need to don’t you?”

“Yeah”

“Soon” Rosie encouraged her.

The girls spoke about the school closing all the way to the woods. They didn’t need to discuss the route to Rosie’s house anymore. Going through the woods was just part of the plan. It’s quiet and out of the way. They rarely ever see anyone. There’s loads of places to squat or hide.

Lula was breathing heavily as she began to helplessly leak into her knickers. Rosie also seemed uncomfortable. Lula still hadn’t been able to shake the initial feeling of awkwardness that drowned her before she peed in front of Rosie. Once she was going it disappeared but the build up was always the weirdest.

“I can’t” Lula admitted.

“Wait, we haven’t checked who has the biggest wet patch” Rosie added, sounding audibly desperate.

“I can’t!” Lula exclaimed louder, darting to her right, off the track, and into some waist high bushes. As she bolted, she was already uncontrollably peeing into her knickers and tights. She scrambled at her skirt to try and pull it up. Rosie stood aside on the track watching her friend struggle as she heard Lula’s pee hit the ground beneath her. She then saw Lula drop down beneath the bushes as she crouched, keeping her ass as close to the floor as possible. Rosie moved slightly and could make out the yellow tint of Lula’s knickers from where she held her legs slightly open.

The pee soaked her underwear and pooled inside the tights before falling beneath her. Once started, Lula had got used to no longer feeling embarrassed and just enjoyed the moment. She looked down as she held her skirt up and watched as the pee fell from her crotch and watered the grass and soil beneath her. Lula bobbed up and down a few times to let the last few remaining drops fall from her tights before wiping any excess wet from her crotch and wiping her hands on the legs of her tights. She let her skirt fall to her knees again. As she stood up and adjusted her waistband, she heard more pee hitting the ground. Rosie was just standing there freely wetting as if she couldn’t’ care less. She shrugged.

“I needed to go too” she chuckled. Rosie’s pee was soaking down her legs and making the material of her tights glisten. Some droplets were falling straight from beneath her skirt but most of it was running down her legs and polling beneath her feet. She just stood there without a care in the world and let it happen.

As Rosie continued to wet herself, Lula started stepping out of the bushes. As she did so she lifted her skirt slightly to inspect the damage of her own wetting on her tights. It didn’t seem too obvious. Rosie made a relieved sound as her pee came to an end.

Lula aggressively tapped Rosie’s arm. Rosie was confused.

“What?” she said, disturbed.

Lula grabbed Rosie’s arm and pulled at it. Rosie almost fell into Lula, the last few droplets falling from her skirt. Rosie turned to face behind her. Lula’s face had turned ghost white. The bottom of her skirt clenched in her left fist.

There she was. A few meters in front of them. Just standing there. The new girl.

*170*2020-08-14 22:18

Thank you everyone for the nice comments. It’s nice to see you all want to still read despite the gaps in chapters. It’s also personally reassuring to see you’ll all come back and read. I really, really appreciate it. Sure, I’m writing for my own pleasure too but I don’t know if you all realise it’s heartwarming to see oThEr PeOpLE actually enjoy what you’ve written. <3

Watering The Cherry Blossom

After what seemed like an impossibly long pause, Lula unclenched her fist. Her mouth was wide open; her face burning red. Her skirt fell gently back down to her knees. Rosie scrunched her face in pain as Lula grabbed her arm even tighter. The patter of Rosie’s last few pee droplets hit the dirt below almost splitting the stunned silence. Lula was struggling to breathe despite her heart pounding away inside her chest.

The new girl slightly tilted her head to the right. Her long black hair, and the pretty pink flower, flowed almost perfectly in the breeze. She lowered her eyebrows.

“Hello” she said softly.

Both Lula and Rosie fumbled around awkwardly until Lula finally let go of Rosie’s arm. Rosie immediately started rubbing her legs together to try and hide any glistening evidence of her wetting. Lula was trying to catch her breath. Her wetting was less obvious but she had no idea what the girl had seen.

“Are you both okay?” she asked. She had a slight accent.

“Yes!” Rosie snapped almost immediately after she’d asked the question.

“We’re fine” Lula lied nervously.

“Oh. Well I saw…”

“Nothing. You saw nothing” Rosie snapped once again defensively. Lula knew Rosie could be defensive but it was always a front before she got emotional.

“But you…”

“Nothing!” growled Rosie. Her cheeks had started to puff and go a shade of burgundy.

“You are in my classes” she said, trying to change the subject. She had diverted her gaze to Lula and politely smiled. Lula sheepishly nodded.

“I am sorry about earlier”

“What? About what?” Lula tripped over her words as she subtly tried to brush at her skirt.

“In Farangu… the French lesson”

“Oh. Yeah” Lula nervously chuckled.

“I’m Sakura” the girl said, taking a small step towards the girls. Lula grounded her feet. Rosie didn’t even flinch.

“I am sorry. I just moved here. My house is this way. Sorry” Sakura muttered, lowering her head realising the situation was terribly awkward for all of them. She started to continue her walk home, pacing past the girls before stopping and turning towards them.

“I… will not tell anyone. You can trust me. Sayonara” She dipped her head respectfully and quietly walked on.

As the Sakura’s footsteps disappeared behind them all that could be heard was their deep breathing.

“Fuck” exclaimed Lula, “fuck?” her voice wobbled as if she were to start crying.

Rosie took a deep breath and exhaled deeply.

“Nothing we can do about it now” she admitted, almost snarling from her nose in short, aggressive bursts.

“Shall we go?” Lula asked quietly.

Without answering, Rosie tucked her bag around her shoulder, turned, and began walking. Lula wiped her eyes and followed.

As the girls walked into Rosie’s bedroom, Lula could feel the backside of her knickers were drier against her skin. The soaking of the inner thighs of her tights still clung to her legs somewhat.

“I think I’m over it” Rosie claimed, throwing her duvet aside and sitting straight onto her bed. She had taken her shoes off at the door and carried them upstairs before throwing them beside her bed. She needed to clean them before leaving them downstairs since her pee had soaked the soles. She hesitated before laying on her side facing Lula. Lula could see a faint wet spot where she had just sat down. She must have a protector on.

Within seconds, whilst staring blankly out the window, Lula noticed a faint hiss and a pool start to form at Rosie’s skirt.

“What are you…?”

“Does it really matter?” Rosie answered.

“Your shirt…”

Rosie didn’t respond as she continued wetting her uniform on her bed.

“I’m glad I have you” Rosie admitted.

“Why say that?”

“She didn’t see you. She only saw me”

Lula felt her face go red again at the thought of being seen.

“She said she wouldn’t tell anyone”

“Haha. She will” Rosie claimed, “that’ll be her claim to fame. Humiliating me”

“Remember when I thought I’d been outed? And I hadn’t? I believe her” Lula tried to encourage her friend.

The hiss died down and the puddle at Rosie’s skirt soaked away. The bottom of her white school shirt had caught some wetness and the bedsheet had an obvious wet spot beneath her. Rosie turned around to face away from Lula. The backside of her black skirt was now soaked and shining. It clung to both her tights and the bedsheet. There were small puddles in the creases of the sheet.

“I’ll wash everything in a bit. Give me a minute?” Rosie muttered into a pillow. She seemed to be sniffling. Adhering to her friend’s request, Lula stood up and quietly made her way out of Rosie’s bedroom. She was now standing upstairs in Rosie’s house with damp underwear and tights. She knew Rosie’s Mum didn’t get back for a while yet. How long will she be like this? Normally she washes everything straight away. Hmm.

Not knowing what to do, and not wanting to sit down anywhere with damp underwear, Lula naturally made her way to the upstairs bathroom and closed the door. The top toilet seat was already up so Lula just sat straight down. At least I can’t get anything wet here.

Lula pulled the backside of her skirt out from underneath her so it fell around the sides of the toilet. She lifted the front of the skirt and her tights to properly inspect the damage on her pastel yellow knickers. There was clearly a difference in colour between the completely dry upper half of the material and everything below the top of her vagina. She thought they looked kind of cute. She ran a finger up the centre of the knickers towards the dry material, pushing slightly inwards to feel the fabric rub against her. She took a deep breath.

What if Sakura did see both of us? She seems nice though. She even got bullied… bullied? Maybe. Bullied earlier. Maybe she needs friends? But she could out us. Out Rosie certainly. I can’t let Rosie think that though. She helped me when Charlotte tried to ruin me. I was okay. Hopefully this will be okay too. Ugh.

Suddenly the feel of fright came back as she considered the fact Sakura could have seen her too. A her heart began racing she continued to run her finger up the front of her knickers. Her belly shifted and felt a pulse of pins and needles as the fright seemed to turn to thrill. Maybe she did see me…

Lula felt a warm sensation in her lower body and completely relaxed. She felt the rush of pee flow through her as it entered her knickers. She felt the pressure of the streak against her finger as she continued to rub. The sound of pee hitting the toilet water filled the room. Lula moved her legs apart, stretching the tights she’d pulled down to her knees. The pastel yellow cotton shone from the ceiling light as a layer of pee covered the material and ran down towards her ass. Lula kept her finger at her hole so she could feel the release of the pee. She started to feel a build up of pressure and arched her back slightly. The handle to the bathroom door lowered and the door opened.

Lula open her eyes and snapped open her palms. She instinctively hunched up and covered her crotch with her hands.

“Thought you’d be here” Rosie said, smirking.

“Can you… fuck off? Knock!?” Lula almost shouted. Rosie giggled.

“Sorry Lule’s. Thought I’d give you the chance to… well… do that before I put a wash on”

Rosie was stood half in the doorway. She had put on a new pair of plain black underwear and an oversized navy blue t-shirt. Her legs were bare though. Her eyes were red but she was smiling.

“Can you…?” Lula nodded towards the door, waving her hands.

“Yep. Yep” Rosie said, raising her hands and slowly closing the door.

Lula fell backwards with all her weight. There was a thump of hard plastic as her back hit the toilet lid.

Twice. Twice in the same fucking day. Fuck. She sighed. The whole sensation had gone. The excitement had died. She just felt cold and wet now. Lula groaned as she pulled off her knickers and tights, rinsed them over the toilet, and rolled them up before drying herself off with some toilet roll. As planned, at the bottom of her bag, was her spare underwear and leggings for this very moment.

Rosie had already changed her bedsheet. There was no evidence of any wetting whatsoever as everything was now in the wash. Both girls sat on Rosie’s bed.

“Honestly. Seriously. I don’t think she’ll tell anyone” Lula said shyly after a period of silence. Rosie didn’t respond straight away.

“You think?”

“Yeah. She seems alright. And she punched Lauren after all” Lula replied. Rosie smirked.

“Haha. Yeah. I suppose”

“We should speak to her on Monday?”

“Be friends with the new girl?”

“Well… sure?”

“Social suicide” Rosie groaned, falling backwards ono her bed.

“Nah I think she’s alright” Lula turned and leaned backwards. Rosie winced.

“I dunno Lule’s. Maybe”

“Well it’s not like we’re the awesome foursome anymore”

“Haha shit. I can’t believe we called ourselves that”

“Maybe we could be the… peesome threesome” Lula suggested awkwardly. Rosie sat up.

“That. Was fucking shit” Rosie chuckled.

“Yeah I know” Lula laughed back.

“Uggghhhhh” Rosie once again groaned as she flopped back down. The mattress bounced.

Silence.

“Fine” Rosie muttered.

“Fine?”

“Sure. What the hell. What the… fucking hell. Let’s do it”

“She’s in most of my classes I think so I could…?”

“Nah we’ll both go to her at lunch or something. At that table she sits at”

“Deal”

“Yeah. Rosie… Lula… and Sakura. Has a ring to it?”

“Haha sure”

*177*2020-08-18 02:59

Gaping plot hole I’m so sorry! How can Lula and Rosie see Sakura on Monday if the schools have just been closed? Whoopsie. I’ll start this chapter by correcting the end of the last one. Why did no one tell me? >.< Or maybe no one else noticed and I got away with it? Oh well.

Watering The Cherry Blossom (Corrected Ending)

Lula fell backwards with all her weight. There was a thump of hard plastic as her back hit the toilet lid.

Twice. Twice in the same fucking day. Fuck. She sighed. The whole sensation had gone. The excitement had died. She just felt cold and wet now. Lula groaned as she pulled off her knickers and tights, rinsed them over the toilet, and rolled them up before drying herself off with some toilet roll. As planned, at the bottom of her bag, was her spare underwear and leggings for this very moment.

Rosie had already changed her bedsheet. There was no evidence of any wetting whatsoever as everything was now in the wash. Both girls sat on Rosie’s bed.

“Honestly. Seriously. I don’t think she’ll tell anyone” Lula said shyly after a period of silence. Rosie didn’t respond straight away.

“You think?”

“Yeah. She seems alright. And she punched Lauren after all” Lula replied. Rosie smirked.

“Haha. Yeah. I suppose”

“And you know… we’re not going back are we?”

“Y… yeah. I suppose not” Rosie sighed.

“Forgot about that until now” Lula admitted, lowering her head.

“”She might tell everyone on Snap and Facebook”

“What? That a girl she doesn’t know of pissed herself in the woods? That’ll be bold for a new kid”

“Hmm” Rosie still seemed unsure.

And at the moment… people from school thinks… she… has the virus”

“That’s just fucking racist”

“I know” Lula nodded.

“Fuckin’… don’t make me feel sorry for her now” Rosie giggled.

“Well I think she’ll be alright. Maybe we could… speak to her? Find her online and chat?”“Be friends with the new girl?”

“Well… sure?”

“Social suicide” Rosie groaned, falling backwards ono her bed.

“Nah I think she’s alright” Lula turned and leaned backwards. Rosie winced.

“I dunno Lule’s. Maybe”

“Well it’s not like we’re the awesome foursome anymore”

“Haha shit. I can’t believe we called ourselves that”

“Cringe” agreed Lula.

“Totally” Rosie yawned.

“Maybe we could be the… peesome threesome” Lula suggested awkwardly. Rosie sat up.

“That. Was fucking shit” Rosie’s eyes opened wide and she chuckled.

“Yeah I know” Lula laughed back, scratching at her forearms.

“Uggghhhhh” Rosie once again groaned as she flopped back down. The mattress bounced.

Silence.

“Fine” Rosie muttered.

“Fine?”

“Sure. What the hell. What the… fucking hell. Let’s do it”

“There can’t be many Sakura’s around here. If she’s on anything we’ll find her surely?”

“Well we have loads of time to fine her it seems”

“I suppose we do… How long do you think this’ll last?”

“Who knows? Can’t imagine too long? They’ll realise it’s not that bad and we’ll be back in a few weeks I think”

“I dunno” Lula said hesitantly.

“Sakura Ono!” Rosie almost yelled.

“What?”

“Found her!” Rosie almost yelled out again enthusiastically.

“Super spy”

“You know it”

“Wait. I can’t be the one to add her first. That’d just be… weird?”

“I… agree” Lula slumped as she agreed.

Lula flipped her phone around in her hand before opening Facebook and searching Sakura’s name. Sure enough, she was fairly easy to find. Sakura’s profile picture was her stood beneath some towering trees in some dense, dark green woodland. Sakura herself was wearing a tight, white romper which showed off her smooth legs as it turned into loose shorts at the bottom. The romper had a purple and green flowery pattern all over which made her stand out against the background. Her long black hair was tied up in a messy bun and her signature pink cherry blossom flower was pinned in too.

“Here goes nothing then” Lula took a deep breath before clicking to add Sakura as a friend, “We’ll see how this goes…”

Watering The Cherry Blossom (Part 2)

It was dark outside when Lula walked through her front door with her Mum.

“Make sure you wash all your uniform from this week so it’s ready for… whenever you need it. We still have to go to work though remember” her Mum said as Lula started to climb the stairs.

“Yeah I know I will” she replied angsty.

She stopped on the stairs.

“What… you both have to go to work still?” she asked curiously.

“Thanks for reminding me!” the bellow of her Dad’s voice sarcastically sounded from the living room. Her Mum shook her head in response.

“Clothes?” she said shaking her head again.

“OKAyyyy” Lula stressed and ran up the stairs.

She threw her school bag across her bedroom and closed her door. She sighed.

They’ll both be out all day. I can literally wet all I want. Wait. Fuck. Why is that the first thing I think of? Can Rosie come round? Is she allowed? I know no school but seeing people? Sakura could come round? Would be less awkward with Mum and Dad asking questions “oh who’s this, who are they?, tidy up!”. Hmm.

Lula pulled off her school shirt and slipped into her baggy t-shirt she wore to bed the las few nights. She climbed onto her bed and fitted her airpods. The sound of the TV downstairs, her parents talking, and the faint drone of her house subdued and she took a deep breath. Silence.

*bloopng*

She unlocked her phone and opened Spotify and searched for her favourite playlist. The first song there in the list? Freak Like Me by Halestorm. Lula loved to just sit back, close her eyes, and lose herself in some music. In times previously, when Lula had experienced low moods and anxiety, this was how she kept herself grounded. This was the song she felt she related to the most.

~ I’m on the train that’s pullin’ the sick and twisted, Makin’ the most of the ride before we get arrested ~

This was just before the ‘awesome foursome’ became a thing. Lula had known Rosie since they were kids. Charlotte and Beth only came into the picture over a year ago.

~ Covered in black we lack the social graces, Just like an animal we crawl out of our cages ~

Rosie and Beth had become friends from their tutor group. Beth was already good friends with Charlotte. They all agreed to meet up for a McDonald’s one day after school. Lula had a panic attack at the idea and Rosie had calmed her down.

~ If you’re a freak like me, Wave your flag!, If you’re a freak like me, Get off your ass! ~

Lula had stayed quiet for most of the meet up before Charlotte started the conversation. At first she came across nice and genuinely sincere. Lula felt completely intimidated. This taller, louder, bigger breasted, exceptionally more confident, and probably significantly more popular girl was talking to her and wanted to be… friends?

~ So shout out if you’re a freak like me, You were born to burn ~

Over the course of a few months Lula settled into this new group and started to feel popular and involved. She always had Rosie to rely on as a backbone. She liked Beth a lot even though they didn’t like a lot of the same things. She really wanted Charlotte to like her. She had convinced herself that getting in close with Charlotte would be the way to cure her anxiety. That had to work, right?

~This is no disease you don’t need a cure!, It’s our time now to come out! ~

It had only become obvious about six months ago, a short while before Lula’s infamous first bedwetting, that she realised that, actually, Charlotte wasn’t that nice. She had also found alcohol was ‘fun’. Charlotte kept leaving the group to meet up with other girls. The popular ones. The whores. The bitches. It made Lula angry. She felt both betrayed and stupid herself.

~ So write your name in gasoline, And set that shit on fire ~

This was the song she related to at the time. She felt like a freak again. She felt that trusting people was stupid and maybe she wasn’t supposed to have friends. She even doubted Rosie for a while. That’s when she knew she was starting to spiral, when she didn’t trust Rosie. She always felt more comfortable when Rosie was around.

~ It’s our time now, To let it all hang out ~

Then Lula’s accident happened. Her first wetting accident outside her house on that rainy day she had forgotten her key. What was this? She, strangely, and unexpectedly, found something that felt good and she enjoyed? But it was wrong. So wrong. She felt like a freak even more. But then she found out Rosie did it too. Then Charlotte tried to ruin her life. Then Tom happened. What a strange few months.

~ They can’t hold you down, You were born to rise!, It’s our time now to come out! ~

Here we are now then. Huh.

Lula sniffed and wiped her face. She believed that reflecting every now and then was good. It was healthy to see her journey and remind herself that she’s in a better place than she was. What made it all more exciting was the thought of a new friend. A friend who didn’t know what she used to be like or what she’d been through. Someone who could only judge her on what they knew about her now.

Which means she can only judge me on seeing me piss myself in the woods. Fucking great. Ugh.

Lula swiped up and let Spotify shuffle her songs. She scrunched her eyes and blinked away the few tears that had welled up. Her Facebook app had a small red blob on it. She inhaled sharply.

*Sakura Ono has accepted your friend request*

Wow… shit.

Lula’s heart started racing at the idea of messaging first.

Just… say hi. No… say hey. No. Nonono. Start by saying about what she saw earlier. NOPE. Ugh. Why can’t I fucking say hello? Sorry if we were rude earlier? Hmm. Doesn’t directly talk about what she saw… or didn’t see. Ugh this sucks.

*vrrrbbbt vrrrbbbt*

Lula felt her whole body jump. She ached slightly for a few seconds where she had tensed up.

Sakura: “Hey”

What…. Are the chances of that. Is she stalking to see when I’m online? Do I wait? Nah…

Lula: “Hey”

Sakura: “Thank you for adding me I don’t know anyone yet >.<”

Lula: “That’s okay. I liked what you did in French lol”

Sakura: “Sorry”

Lula: “Don’t be. She deserved it”

Sakura: “I got told off. I’m go to isolation on Monday but now we not go school”

Lula: “Maybe you got out of it then lol”

Sakura: “I don’t have the virus!”

Lula: “I know. What she said was horrible and I’m sorry it was on your first day”

Sakura: “I felt very bad”

Lula: “Don’t worry about it”

Sakura: “Thank you Lula”

Lula: “: ) “

This is going okay. I think? Comes across really innocent. Genuine.

Sakura: “I’m sorry about earlier”

Lula: “What why I’ve just said it was okay?”

Sakura: “No”

Sakura: “In the woods”

Sakura: “After school”

Shit. Shitfuckfuckfuckfuck. No. No this is good. I need to settle this. Shitshitshitshit.

Lula: “What did you actually see?”

Sakura: “The other girl standing on her own but then you stood up”

Sakura: “I thought you fallen over”

Sakura: “But then your friend had an accident”

Lula: “Are you sure that’s what you saw?”

Lula’s heart was racing in her chest. Despite her headphones, she could feel the deep, continuous thump of her heart.

Sakura: “That is what I saw”

Sakura: “I will not tell anyone”

Lula dropped her phone on her chest and wiped her mouth as she thought.

Do I agree with that? I mean… it’s true. I don’t think she saw me though? I could play dumb? Say it never happened? Her bottle leaked? Nah she knows. She saw. But not me… Do I go along with that? That’s not fair on Rosie though. I can’t do that to her. How would I explain that? That’s a horrible thing to do. Shitty thing. I can’t. So I have to confess? I have to tell her I did… too…? I can’t. Nope. Ugh.

Sakura: “I promise”

Lula: “Thank you”

Sakura: “x)”

Lula: “My friend is Rosie. We want to know if you want to hang out?”

I can’t believe I fucking said that. What am I, five? What a shit sentence. Christ, she might as well fucking tell everyone what happened after that. That would be less embarrassing. Actually… no it wouldn’t.

Sakura: “Really?”

Lula winced.

Lula: “Yeah”

Sakura: “I don’t think we can now”

Lula: “?”

Sakura: “The school closed”

Sakura: “The lockdown”

Lula; “Wait has it happened?”

Sakura: “Yes. From Monday. We must stay home and shops close”

Fucking what. What the fuck.

Lula swiped out of the Messenger app and looked at the news. Sakura was right.

Shit. Fuck. She’s right. Oh shit.

Lula sat up right with her legs crossed.

Lula: “Shit you’re right”

Sakura: “I know”

Lula giggled at Sakura’s possibly unintended dry, sarcastic response.

Lula: “I’ll add you to a group chat later”

Sakura: “That will be nice thank you”

Lula: “LOKCKCCCCKKDOOIWQQNN”

Rosie: “Just seen”

Lula: “Shit man”

Rosie: “I know. I was starting to love school and shopping and being outside”

Lula: “Funny”

Rosie: “Spoke to her yet?”

Lula: “Am doing”

Rosie: “AND YOU haven’t told me?”

Lula; “Just did”

Rosie: “UMM NO what’s she saying?!

Lula; “Sorry a lot”

Lula: “Sorry for punching Lauren”

Lula: “Sorry for seeing us earlier”

Lula: “Uses >.< a lot”

Rosie: “Oh no an emjoi’er’er’erer”

Lula; “Haha”

Rosie: “Did she see?”

Rosie: “Both of us or…”

Lula; “I wont lie no”

Lula; “Only you she though I had fallen over”

Rosie: “Bitch please fallen over?”

Lula; “Yep. It’s just you that’s the weird one >.<”

Rosie: “I hate you so much right now”

Lula: “Said I will add her to a group chat”

Lula: “She wants to be friends”

Rosie: “Why did you say that? That’s not taking it slow”

Lula: “Because we both need to get to know her not just me”

Rosie: “I hate it when you’re right”

Lula; “Doesn’t happen often but I get it right sometimes”

Rosie: “Don’t give me that shit. You’re always right”

“CLOTHES”

Lula jumped once again.

“NOW!”

She pulled herself off the bed slumped onto the floor where her bag had landed earlier. She took out the bag with her freshly washed and dried clothes from Rosie’s house and hid them half way down her washing bin.

Rosie: “Group chat?”

Oh my god hold on.

Lula ran and almost slipped down the stairs with her clothes and into the kitchen. She pulled open the door to the washing machine and threw her weeks’ worth of clothes in before setting it to go.

Rosie: “Y R U IGNORING ME R WE NOT FRIENDS”

Hold onnnnn.

Lula sat crossed legged on the floor next to the washing machine. She added both Rosie and Sakura to a new group chat.

Lula: “Hey”

Sakura: “Hiii”

Rosie: “Hi”

Sakura: “I can add you Rosie?”

Rosie: “Sure”

Sakura: “I have told Lula I will keep the secret”

Sakura: “About earlier”

Sakura: “I’m sorry”

Rosie: “Okay”

Rosie: “Don’t talk about it here either”

Sakura: “I’m sorry”

Lula: “Haha let’s talk about something else”

Rosie: “Yes”

Sakura: “It happened to me recently too”

Sakura: “Something like what?”

Lula: “I dunno lockdown?”

Wait. What the fuck. Happened to her? What did?

Sakura: “I only just move here and now I can’t go out x(“

Rosie: “What happened recently?”

Sakura: “Now I have to stay at home all the time”

Lula: “What happened?”

Sakura: “Oh”

Sakura: “I keep your secret because I don’t tell anyone that happened to me when I moved here”

