Nicole and Ann: A Day At The Mall

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2013-07-30 02:57

I feel the warm summer sun on my face and open my eyes. I love sleeping late. It's eleven o'clock and I suddenly realize that Nicole wanted to go shopping today. I get up and attend to my morning routine, using the restroom so I don't have to at the mall. Nicole had become much more bold with her wetting lately, but I have not gotten past my public pee shyness. Surely some day I'll be able to feel the excitement of wetting in public, but for now I will stick to my or Nicole's homes (maybe one day OUR home). Just as I am finishing my tea, the telephone rings. Nicole is one her way over.

I grab my helmet and lock up before grabbing my bicycle from the garage. I'm wearing jeans and a t-shirt for our warm summer bike ride. Nicole skids to a stop in front of my house and waves. Her smile is so beautiful. She's wearing a cute blouse and short shorts. I put on my helmet and hop on my old black bike. She just got a new one, bright red with a basket on the back for any loot we buy. I don't much like going to the mall, but I tolerate because Nicole love it, and usually she finds something naughty for us to do when we get home.

By the time we get to the mall I was tired. It's about a five mile ride, and it was nearing 30 degrees Celsius. I took a long drink from the fountain, and so did Nicole. She hit my shoulder after taking her drink because I was obviously staring at her butt. What can I say, she had a very nice butt, especially in her tiny shorts.

The first store we hit was Forever 21. Fashion is so weird. Nicole picked out four shirts and some bottoms I didn't see, then she threw this mini skirt at me and told me to try it on. It was about the ugliest thing I had ever seen, but I humored her. We went to the dressing rooms and grabbed two adjacent ones. I removed my jeans and put on the skirt she gave me. It was still ugly when I put it on, and so short. It barely covered my butt. I went to take off the skirt when I felt a familiar twinge in my bladder. I crossed my legs temperamentally before taking off the much too expensive skirt, and putting my pants back on.

I got out of the dressing room and waited for Nicole. She stepped out in an outfit that looked like something out of a forties Sears catalog and pranced around for me. I smiled, and she took the hint. I squirmed a bit before she closed the door. She went back in and came out next with a shiny gold skirt and black leggings with a weird black poncho thing. That one actually looked good on her so I said cute, and smiled genuinely. I stood there for five minutes half holding myself because by now I noticeably had to pee. Finally she came out with her own clothes on and we headed to the register for her to check out. She got the gold outfit. I could feel the pressure growing in my bladder.

I decided not to say anything because usually once Nicole had one outfit we aren't at the mall much longer. Next we went to Spenser's. Despite hating the mall, I love Spenser's. They have all kinds of gag gifts, sex toys, lingerie, and accessories. I immediately got lost in the accessory wall, picking out set after set of earrings, a few bracelets, a Slipknot shirt and a wallet with Yoshi on it. Nicole wandered off somewhere, probably the tiny skirts and naughty items section. We met up at the cashier. She was cute, pink hair, 00 gauged ears, and perfect black nails. Nicole put her items on the counter. I turned red and stepped back when I saw. Frilly red panties, a tiny skirt, and two vibrators. I waited patiently for my turn, half pretending not to know Nicole. I was shocked at the cashier’s nonchalance at that, but I guess when you work at a shop that sells sex toys you get used to it. I bought my items and walked out to meet Nicole on the sidewalk.

I looked at her and giggled nervously. “Are those...?” I trailed off. She nodded and we went on out merry way. We were walking in the direction of our bikes, and I didn't question it. Thank god we were leaving because right when we got to our bikes I had to grab myself in desperation. I felt a spurt of warm pee seep into my panties. Nicole looked at me, smiling deviously.

“Oh, does Ann have to pee?” she said. I glared at her. “No shit Sherlock,” I said. She laughed maniacally when suddenly she grabbed herself, and a big wet patch formed. She didn't stop there either. She let go of her pants and grabbed me into the longest kiss I've ever been a part of. I could feel her warm pee wetting my shoes, but I didn't care. When she let me go, breathing hard, I looked at the giant wet puddle she left. Her shortswere soaked, but mine weren't even wet. Nicole's eyes were closed and she looked faint. I grabbed her shoulder and asked if she was ok. She just moaned and opened her eyes. She just had an orgasm.

I grabbed my crotch in agony. I still had to pee! She giggled and got on her bike, so I just did the same. We secured the loot in her basket and rode down the street, leaving her puddle in our wake. I hadn't even noticed if there was anyone around.

After about five minutes of riding I couldn't take it anymore and I stopped. Nicole did right after me. We were not even half way to my house yet, but we were near the woods. I dragged my bike into the trees and Nicole followed suit. I still wasn't ready to pee in public, but I guess the woods will have to do. I grabbed myself to hold in the pee once I was convinced we were sufficiently hidden. I rubbed outside my pants a bit to relieve the pressure, but no relief was found.

Finally I just couldn't take it, a spurt escaped, then another, and another, so I just let go. I exhaled deeply, moaning, as I felt the warm pee cover my panties, and slide down my legs. I closed my eyes and let myself drift into a state of pure bliss. I felt a foreign hand on my privates, so I opened my eyes. Nicole had her hand down my pants and was rubbing my profusely. I was breathing harder and harder, but she didn't let be finish. She went to her bike and rustled through the bags for a minute, producing two the two vibrators she had bought at Spenser's. She handed me mine, after turning it one. I leaned against a near tree, Nicole next to me. I unbuttoned my pants and she hers.

I put the vibe she gave me down her pants, and she put hers in mine. We waited moments, though it felt like forever, and we simultaneously orgasmed. After regaining our breath we dusted off and grabbed our bikes. We rode home in the mid afternoon light. Once we got there we had some more naughty fun, after, of course, a good shower, and a fashion show from my princess Nicole.

