The Haunted House (interactive story)

Author: peepants1300

*000*2015-02-16 20:45

Halloween was Christie's favorite holiday because of the hunted houses. This year was said to be the best, and she planned to be there. She was going dressed as a maid - the dirty kind. The skirt was so short, it showed the bottom of her butt. She was sure she would attract attention. She got dressed up and ready to go. Since it was hard to take of the costume, she figured she would just go to the haunted house, come back, and then use the restroom. After all, she hadn't had that much to drink and it shouldn't take that long. She hopped in the car and sped towards the haunted house. On arrival, she went immediately to the haunted house. The line was so long, she was standing there for an hour and was still far away from the entrance when she felt a twinge in her bladder. What should she do?

A) step out of line and use the restroom

B) wait to go in the haunted house and then use it at home

*005*2015-02-17 15:51

No. I've been in this line too long. I will NOT step out. She waited for another hour and a half before she was right at the door to the haunted house. She gazed up at its hideous glory, and walked in before the guy even said go. The group she was in had mostly guys in it. Some with girlfriends, some without. All of them took a few glances at her one time or another. She just giggled and looked away. They walked through the giant door in the front, and Christie got another warning from her bladder. Needless to say, she ignored it. There were spider webs and mold covering the walls. She was walking to the next door when a witch jumped at her and laughed her wicked laugh. She screamed, then began laughing. Until she noticed the warmth she could feel at her crotch. That stupid witch had made her leak! But while she was dealing with the witch, her group had left her. And instead of one, there were two pathways. What should she do?

A) go right

B) go left

C) try to find the entrance

*012*2015-03-21 17:05

Its a tie but lets go right. She went to the right, squirming all the while. A little while away from the door, there were two frustrated boys arguing. "I told you we should have gone left! Now we're lost!" The first boy yelled. The second boy looked at her. "Dont let that door close!" She turned around, only to see the door slam shut. Now she was lost with two boys while dressed in a very appealing outfit with a growing need to pee. The first boy sighed.

"Hey. Im Arron. And thats my brother Adam. We might as well get to know each other, because we're gonna be here awhile." She looked at the floor. " I- I'm Christine." She said. "Ive got someplace to be, so we should get walking. There's a path. It must lead somewhere." Aaron smirked. " Finally. A good idea. I'm starting to feel the need for a bathroom, so let's get going." You have no idea, Christine thought to herself. So they began walking, Christine in front and the brothers in the back side by side. From where she was, she her them whispering. "Shes hot. Nice butt, too." She gasped in discust.

A) ditch the boys and run

B) stay with the boys and find a way out together

(Yes i.changed her nme to Christine)

*014*2015-03-21 21:59

Ditch them it is.

*015*2015-03-22 22:18

Christine picked up her pace. Then she began to run, which was shaking her bladder and making her need to pee even worse. Aaron and Adam were right behind her, closing in. "Where do you think you're going!" Aaron yelled. She turned a right corner and fell in a ditch. Getting back up, she felt a hand grab her arm. Aaron shook her. "What the hell are you doing? We're in this together! We stick together." So ditching them is out.

*016*2015-03-23 19:08

Walking with them was horrible. Her need was growing, and every time she squirmed, they would laugh and mock her. Once she looked at Aaron and caught him with a boner. Her need was getting worse bt the minute. As they were walking, she stopped and bent over in pain. Her hands shot to her area as she dis an embarrassing pee dance in front of the boys.

A) give up and piss herself

B) Try to hold on

