Stargate: Omorashi (SG Fanfiction) - Page 2

Author: Anubis

*026*2014-07-02 11:59

8

With a pounding headache, Daniel Jackson awoke to find that he was sitting inside of a dark room, with his back against the wall. When his eyes fluttered open, he saw that the walls, floor, and ceiling consisted of large bricks and the only light came from lit torches on the walls.

“Hey, Daniel, welcome to the land of the living,” he heard Col. Mitchel say.

Daniel turned his head to the left and realized that Col. Mitchel’s wrists were chained to the wall behind him and he was wearing a plain, white tunic and white pants. His uniform had been removed and he was barefoot.

“Why are you wearing that?” Daniel asked.

Col. Mitchel laughed and gestured towards Daniel with his head. “You’re wearing it too.”

When Daniel at last looked down at himself, he realized that he too wore the white uniform and when he lifted his hands, he saw that he also had cuffs around his wrists.

With a sigh, Daniel dropped his hands and the chains jingled. “Omorashi… That gould that took Vala said her name was Omorashi.”

Col. Mitchel rubbed his eyes with his hands and cleared his throat. “Jackson, I heard you say that you knew what that meant after I got shot with the zat. What the hell does Omorashi mean?”

Daniel turned his head to the right, to see if Teal’c was there, possibly unconscious. “Omorashi means… Uh, where is Teal’c?”

Col. Mitchel dropped his hands to his lap and laughed again, almost as if he was drunk. “Hell if I know! Some Jaffa women in white gowns fed us some of this… Hell, what was it? It was sort of white, almost like milk, but it had a sweet, fruity taste. Then, they took Teal’c out of here and left me behind.”

Daniel shot Cameron a look of worry. “They had you drink something?”

Col. Mitchel nodded. “Yeah. I think it must have alcohol in it, or something. It made me feel drunk and now I’m about to piss in these white pants.”

“Colonel, listen, the gould’s name, Omorashi, it means a fetish in which people experience sexual arousal from either having a full bladder, or from seeing someone else with one,” Daniel said. “I’m going to guess that she enjoys this when others are struggling to hold their piss. Who knows what she is doing with Vala or Teal’c…”

Col. Mitchel blinked his eyes and a look of worry, identical to Daniel’s, appeared on his face as he turned his head towards Daniel. “What?! Does this mean that the goa’uld is going to make us hold our piss?”

Before Daniel could reply, a ring transporter at the center of the room activated. The rings descended from the ceiling and three women wearing white gowns appeared in the glow of the transporter. One of them held a large bowl in her arms and the other two had their arms at their sides.

When the rings ascended into the ceiling, Daniel could see that one of the Jaffa women had her hands balled into fists and was shifting her weight from foot to foot, clearly on the verge of urinating involuntarily.

The woman with the bowl, a beautiful, tall woman with long, wavy, blonde hair smiled at Daniel and walked towards him. “Ah, I see that you are awake now! The goddess has something for you.”

“Whatever it is, I don’t want it,” Daniel said, as he glanced at Col. Mitchel. “If it’s going to make me drunk, then keep it away from me.”

The blonde woman knelt down in front of Daniel, allowing him to see the liquid inside. It looked exactly as Col. Mitchel described. “Daniel, you have no choice. If you do not obey, there will be consequences. Trust me, you do not want our goddess to punish you.”

Daniel looked up into the face of the woman holding the bowl and then back down at the contents inside. “I’m not going to get drunk after I drink this, am I?”

Laughing, the Jaffa woman lifted the bowl closer to Daniel’s mouth. “No, you will not. This liquid only has this effect on those who’ve been shot with a zat’nik’tel recently. It will wear off. The Jaffa that was with you, due to being a Jaffa, he is not affected. You were rendered unconscious by a blow to the head, so there is no need to worry.”

When the edge of the bowl reached his lips, Daniel kept his mouth shut, not sure if the Jaffa’s words were trustworthy. He shifted his gaze so that he was looking past her, at the other two Jaffa women. The one that had been fidgeting earlier was still doing so. She had a look of worry on her face, almost as if she feared punishment for wetting herself where she stood.

For a moment, the desperate Jaffa’s eyes met with Daniel’s and she smiled at him, possibly trying to hide her desperation as she pressed against her crotch with both hands, trying to hold in her urine.

“Drink!” the blonde Jaffa woman commanded, no longer appearing friendly. A look of anger had come over her lovely face, taking away some of its beauty.

At last, Daniel opened his mouth and allowed the liquid to be poured inside. Very carefully, the Jaffa holding the bowl poured some in. She stopped just long enough for Daniel to swallow what he’d been given, before giving him some more.

Colonel Mitchel was right, this does taste sweet, he thought. I’m not sure what sort of fruit this could be from. It’s definitely alien, but it’s sweet.

At the ring transporter pad, the desperate Jaffa was grinding her teeth and bending her knees. Sweat was running down her forehead as she fought against the pressure inside of her. While Daniel was drinking the liquid in the bowl, he could see that she was in pain. He could see that if she didn’t let out the urine inside of her, it could do her harm.

“You’re a good slave,” the blonde woman cooed. “The goddess will be pleased that you are obeying her instructions.”

Daniel took one more sip, and then the Jaffa lowered the bowl and stood up. Though Daniel hadn’t gulped down all of the liquid, his stomach still felt uncomfortably full. “That was… good, I guess.”

The blonde Jaffa smiled again as she backed up towards the ring transporter. “I am happy to hear that you enjoyed it! After your stomach has processed what you’ve been given, I will return with more for you.”

“Hey wait!” Col. Mitchel cried. “I need to piss and I can’t do it right here!”

The blonde Jaffa laughed, just as the desperate Jaffa behind her gasped. “You will just have to hold it then!”

Clear urine began to gush out of the Jaffa woman Daniel had been watching, just as the blonde Jaffa activated the ring transporter with a button on a bracelet she wore on her left wrist. The three Jaffa women were gone before the peeing Jaffa finished. All that remained of them was a puddle of urine on the ring transporter pad.

“Damn it!” Col. Mitchel cried.

Daniel turned his head towards Col. Mitchel, who started rolling onto his side, all the while struggling with the chains that held him to the wall. They were short and he could just barely reach the waistband of his pants once he was lying down, instead of sitting up.

“What are you doing?” Daniel asked.

Col. Mitchel grunted as he fought with the waist band. “I don’t know about you, but there is no way in hell that I’m going to wait until they come back to piss!”

Daniel closed his eyes and rested the back of his head against the wall behind him. He listened to Col. Mitchel struggle a little bit longer, before hearing a long sigh of relief, combined with the sound of a pee stream striking the stone floor of the room they were in. In his head, Daniel wondered what was happening to Vala and Teal’c. He also wondered if help was on the way. He sure hoped that it was.

*029*2014-10-23 23:18

It's been a while since I've been on here. Real life has, unfortunately, gotten in the way of making progress and I honestly don't know where I want to go with this.

I've been thinking that it might be a good idea if this Fan-fiction was open source, so that if anyone else has any ideas, they could add to it. I think it would be interesting to see where the story goes when other people begin to add their own content and ideas to the story.

If anyone has any new ideas, then feel free to post the next chapter; just make sure that before you do, you leave a post in the thread indicating which chapter you're posting, that way two or more people don't end up posting the same chapter.

*030*2015-06-11 22:37

Lovers of Stargate and Omorashi kree! Once again, I bring another installment of Stargate: Omorashi. I realize that it is overdue, so I hope you all enjoy this one.

9

Tealc's eyes fluttered open as he slowly came to. As he awoke, he realized that he had a pounding headache and his eyes were in pain as well. He looked around and realized that he was aboard what appeared to be a Goa'uld ship of some kind, with his wrists chained to a metal bar up above his head. He saw that the room around him was mostly dark and lit only by a few torches on the walls.

Shaking his head, Teal'c closed his eyes again, because looking around made him feel nauseous.

While he hung his head towards the floor, he whispered, "Hello?"

His throat was dry and sore, making it incredibly difficult to speak.

"He has awakened!" a female voice cried out.

Teal'c soon heard the sound of footsteps approaching him. From the sound, he thought there were about three sets of them. He could also tell that those who were approaching were wearing jaffa boots. The footsteps grew closer until they were in the room with him, where they stopped.

Opening his eyes again, Teal'c looked up and saw three male jaffa standing in front of him, all wearing armor and holding staff weapons at their sides, standing in front of a door that led to the corridor outside.

From behind them, he heard the female voice again. "Jaffa kree!"

It was not long before he saw the source of the voice. It was a female jaffa wearing sandals, a white skirt that barely covered her crotch, with a belt around her waist from which a Zat hung, and some sort of a dark-colored, revealing vest that barely covered her breasts, which could clearly be seen. The jaffa woman's dark brown hair hung to her shoulders and her eyes were bright green. Upon her lips was a sadistic smile as she made her way around the guards and approached her prisoner.

"Where am I?" Teal'c asked, finally feeling his headache begin to lessen in intensity.

The woman stopped when she was directly in front of him. "Do you dare speak to me, Shol'va?"

Angrily, the jaffa woman slapped Teal'c across the face and spit on the front of his sleeveless, black shirt that he wore.

Teal'c groaned in pain and looked into the angry woman's eyes. "May I have some water?"

Suddenly in a more pleasant mood once again, the jaffa woman smirked and turned towards the behind the jaffa guards and the open doorway behind them. "Bring the shol'va some water, girls!"

From outside of the room, two jaffa women wearing white gowns entered the room, each carrying small, dark-colored bowls in their hands. Teal'c could see that their gowns just barely hung low enough to cover their lady parts, which were completely exposed underneath. Fearful of their Mistress's wrath, as well as that of their goddess Omorashi, they hurried towards him and knelt down in front of the cruel jaffa woman.

"You listen well, my beloved ones," said the cruel jaffa woman who reached for one of the bowls and took it from the slave girl with her hands.

Looking down at them, Teal'c could see that the slave girls were red-faced and the one from which the first bowl had been taken was visibly shaking. As the bowl was taken away, the one who was shaking balled her hands into fists and put them down at her sides while she bowed her head. She was a beautiful, young woman, with short red hair and a childish face.

"On this ship, I am called Mistress, Shol'va," said Teal'c's captor. "My true name is Acantha and I am Omorashi's First Prime. When the time comes, I will lead her army of jaffa into battle against the Lucian Alliance. After that, I will command her forces in the destruction of the Tau'ri and all other jaffa who refuse to bow to their Goddess."

Acantha held the bowl up to Teal'c's face and he took a sip of the water. Once he swallowed it, the rest was flung into his face and the bowl was tossed down to the floor.

"Who is this one called Omorashi?" Teal'c asked, not even caring that water had just been thrown in his face.

Acantha grabbed Teal'c's chin and lifted his head so they were eye to eye. "Omorashi was a Goa'uld who had been in a stasis jar for a great many years on the world she currently rules over. What her name once was, she will not say, but the one she has now matches that of the source of her new host's sexual pleasures."

Teal'c narrowed his eyes at Acantha. "Explain…"

Releasing his chin, Acantha looked down at the jaffa slave who was still on her knees, trembling, with beads of sweat on her forehead. Motioning with her hand, Acantha commanded her to stand. The slave girl did as she was instructed without hesitation.

Acantha nodded towards the red-headed slave girl who now stood before Teal'c, biting her lower lip and crossing her legs where she stood. It became clear that she was in a desperate need to urinate and would soon be doing so involuntarily.

"This is Chrysanta, Shol'va. She is my most loyal servant and she does as I and the Goddess command."

For a moment, Teal'c looked into Chrysanta's eyes and he was able to see in them how desperate she was. Looking down, he could see her feet shifting around as she twisted her legs around each other and bent at the waist.

"How do you feel, my dear Chrysanta?" Acantha asked.

For a moment, Chrysanta hesitated, before replying, "I… I need to relieve myself, Mistress. My bladder is filled with water and it is about to come out."

Acantha chuckled and took the second bowl from the other slave's hands. "But it will not come out, will it, Chrysanta? You are going to hold it inside of you until you receive permission to do otherwise, correct?"

Looking at her mistress for a moment, Chrysanta looked back at Teal'c, but did not answer.

Never have I encountered a Goa'uld such as this, Teal'c thought. Never before have I known a Goa'uld to take pleasure in forcing their slaves to hold in their urine beyond their physical limits.

"Chrysanta kree!" Acantha cried, startling Chrysanta, who let out a squeak.

A small trickle could be heard as Chrysanta lost control of her bladder momentarily. A squirt of urine dampened the skin on her feet and sent droplets splashing onto the floor.

"Y-yes, Mistress!" Chrysanta cried. "I will hold in my water, just as I am told!"

Acantha glanced down at her slave girl's feet and then back up at her face. "You have just wet yourself without permission! Your answer means nothing to me and you will be taken to a holding cell for your whipping!"

Chrysanta nodded and groaned as more of her urine ran down her legs, all the way to her feet. It was then that Teal'c fully understood who Omorashi was. Omorashi was a Goa'uld who enjoyed watching her slaves fill their bladders to the brim and commanding them to hold their urine until they could not and punishing them afterwards. Apparently, her First Prime was no different.

Suddenly angry, Teal'c lifted his head and scowled at Acantha. "Stop this! You will not whip her! If you need to whip someone in order to feel strong, then whip me instead!"

Suddenly furious, Acantha turned her head towards Teal'c and slapped the side of his face. "I will have you both whipped together, then! When I am finished with her, you will be next!"

Acantha instructed the second slave girl to leave and retrieve her whip. The slave girl left at once and then Acantha turned her attention once more to Chrysanta. "Now, my beloved, get down on your hands and knees and expose your buttocks to me. While you are receiving your whipping, you may relieve yourself fully. After your backside is fully red, you will sit in your puddle and pleasure yourself in front of all who are present, like the naughty girl you are."

Filled with rage, Teal'c waited for the already humiliated slave girl to begin begging for mercy, with tears in her eyes. The cruelty displayed by Acantha was unlike any such behavior he had ever observed in a Jaffa. He was, however, surprised when the slave girl smiled. His anger was replaced with confusion as he watched her get down on all fours and lift up the bottom of her white gown, exposing her intimate areas to him and her mistress. Even though it was clear that Chrysanta feared her punishment, it appeared that she also desired it at the same time. It was a strange paradox, the likes of which he had never before encountered.

Soon, the other slave girl returned with the whip, which Acantha requested. It was a Cat of Nine Tails whip, with long, leather straps on it. When Acantha took it from the other slave, she lowered it down and allowed the straps to gently glide along the skin on Chrysanta's rear end.

"I will let you in on a secret, Teal'c…" Acantha stopped her train of thought and lifted up the whip, which she brought down on the poor jaffa girl's buttocks with a loud SMACK!

Chrysanta gasped and then started to moan as her urine gushed out on the floor, merging with the first puddle she had made and the love juice that had dripped from her crotch while she waited for her whipping. Her powerful stream spread outward as it showered the floor. Her mistress once again lashed her buttocks, causing her body to shake, which made her stream waver for a moment, sending droplets flying in several directions.

"Tell everyone how much you enjoy this, you deviant jaffa!" Acantha instructed.

Chrysanta gasped as her stream slowed to a trickle and looked up at her mistress. "I enjoy it very much, Mistress! Please whip me some more!"

Teal'c watched with horror as the whipping continued in front of him. Even though the scene sickened him, he also realized that he was becoming aroused. Nonetheless, all he could do was watch while Acantha continued to whip her slave girl on her bare buttocks.

With a click of her tongue, Acantha paused for a moment and then with an upswing, allowed the straps on her whip to strike her slave's wet crotch, making her squeal in pain and pleasure.

"The secret, Teal'c, is that a new force of Jaffa will rise, to destroy you rebels. A new group of System Lords will bring order back to the galaxy and everything you and the Tau'ri have fought for will be taken away before your very eyes. In the end, you will be starved of your Tretonin and Jaffa will be forced to carry Goa'uld in them once more."

Looking up at the guards in front of him, Teal'c clenched his jaw and took a moment to let the threat sink in. He tried not to believe that such a thing could happen, but at the same time, he started to feel a sense of dread, which killed any arousal that he had felt only a brief moment before.

