The Beginning Of A Journey

Author: Sir_Omo

*000*2024-05-15 22:37

This is my first story in English and on this side! Normally I only write on Wattpad and in German so please be nice and enjoy!

###

Chapter 1

Hannah is on vacation with her family.

She didn't want to go because she turned 18 half a year ago and wanted to stay at home to chill with her friends. But her parents insisted that she have to come with them and her younger brother.

Her little brother was the other reason why she didn't want to come. He's a pain in the ass and whenever he gets on her nerves, she's in the end the one who gets punished for nothing.

The same situation occurred yet again. They're on the highway for quite a bit and Hannah drank a lot because of the enormous heat of the summer sun. She noticed her bladder already an hour ago but it wasn't that bad at the moment.

But now she regretted her decision as she noticed that her bladder had already started to bulge. It was always easy to see if her bladder filled up, because of her slim body.

It still wasn't that bad but she could feel her desperation grow more and more. After another half an hour she had to cross her legs tightly as her desperation raised.

Her brother saw her desperate state as well and shouted “I think Hannah needs to pee!”. Hannah was annoyed but a little bit relieved that she didn't have to ask for herself.

Her mother immediately turned around, nodded and told Hannah's dad to navigate to the nearest rest stop.

Hannah's bladder was already the size of a Tennis Ball and more than visible to everyone, especially her little brother who started to poke Hannah's already screaming bladder.

Hannah flinched immediately and almost leaked. The pain in her bladder was enormous.

She had to press her thighs as hard as possible together and even needed a hand to hold the flood back.

Hannah was angry at her brother and pushed him away.

Instantly her brother started to cry and yelled that she hurt him and that she's mean.

At this moment her father turned into a rest stop and parked the car at the nearest toilet.

Hannah was about to sprint out of the car and get to the saving toilet but her mother stopped her.

“Why are you always so mean to your brother?” She asked her angrily.

"B-but…He pushed on my bladder and-” she wasn't able to end her sentence. Her mother interrupted her and said that, as a punishment, she's not allowed to use the restroom until everyone else used it and took their time to stretch a little bit.

Hannah was in complete shock.

What kind of cruel punishment is that?

And how is she supposed to hold it that long? She was already getting dangerously near to her limits.

Hannah's eyes teared up as she nervously undone her seatbelt which was pressing on her big bulging bladder.

But as she was unlocking it, her mother called out to her that the seat belt is going to stay on as long as everyone is using the toilet and that she has to stay in the car until everyone returns.

Hannah was in absolute pain, her mind went crazy and all she could think about was her need to relieve this hot pee inside of her body.

She pressed both hands between her legs and pushed with all her strength against her throbbing pee hole.

Her bladder felt heavy and was rock hard. She really struggled to not let any leak escape her.

Everyone who was passing her parents car could see her bladder, the pain in her face and the nonchalant hands between her legs, while she was restless rocking back and forth in her seat.

It really felt like an eternity had passed when her family finally got back to the car. Without a second left to waist, she unlocked her seatbelt and got out of the car but only to be held back again by her mom. Hannah was crying at this point and bagged her parents to finally let her pee. She didn't care anymore about everyone else.

She just wanted to pee so bad because she knew that she could hold it another 10 minutes!

But her mother was strict and would never let her go without fulfilling the punishment.

Hannah felt everyone staring at her bladder which popped out so much out of her leggings that it looked like she was pregnant.

And to make this situation even worse she felt her muscles slowly giving in to that enormous pressure.

But even if only a few hot drops managed to escape her bladder, the warmth feeling in her pants makes it even worse to hold it.

Because of her mother still grabbing her arm, Hannah wasn't able to use both hands to hold the next few drops back.

She cried in pain and desperation and that she hates her mother. Even trying to get away from her mother made everything worse and more drops started to escape her tired bladder.

Until Hannah reached the point of no return. Her mother pulled her closer to make her shut up but because of that sudden movement, Hannah's bladder had finally had enough and all of her hot pee, she was holding for so long gushed with full force out of her and with a clear hissing sound into her leggings and down her legs.

You could hear every drop splashing on the ground. Not even Hannah's crying and sobbing was loud enough to overtone the sound.

You could slowly see her abdomen getting flatter again as her bladder getting more and more empty.

Finally when the last drop find it's way out of her body Hannah suddenly collapsed and fell on her knees in her own puddle.

Everyone who was watching the scene were sad for her and angry against her mother. Some kids were laughing and Hannah? Hannah was relieved but extremely embarrassed at the same time. As soon as she realized that everyone was still staring, she finally managed to free herself and sprint to the restroom.

When she finally entered the stall it was obviously already too late. Nothing more was left in her bladder.

Hannah was drenched in her own warm pee that slowly got cold between her still shaking legs.

The strong scent of pee fills the bathroom stall and a few tears roll over her red burning cheeks.

She wipes them away and examines the damage. Hannah slowly pushed down her leggings and pants as she noticed something odd.

She was extremely wet between her legs and not only because of the accident!

