Jill's wetting

Author: happyjoe

*000*2014-04-07 21:00

Disclaimer: This fic does not follow the canon of Resident Evil.

###

Jill stood behind a tall pine tree in the Raccoon Park. She wore her skin tight battle suit, and holding her silenced handgun in both hands. She looked around, surveying the area. Zombies walked around the park left and right, none of them moving very fast or welding any weapons. She heard a voice in her ear as the pilot of the helicopter who dropped her off spoke.

“Can you hear me, Jill?”

“Yes, Josh, just fine.”

“What do you see?”

“ Some T-virus zombies, but no C-virus yet.”

“Good. You remember the plan, right? Or do I have to tell you again?”

Jill growled into the microphone.

“Josh, I know, I need to get to the hospital, and find the code for the anti virus on one of the computers. I’m not a kid, buddy”

Josh laughed lightly.

“Ok, ok,You got it. I’ll meet you at the top of the hospital when you call me back to extract you.”

The other end stop transmitting sound as Jill looked over at the zombies. Her path was long but simple: Go through the park and make to the bridge, then go to the back of the hospital, get to the top floor, and get the codes. To an average person this may seem hard or impossible with all the zombies around, but to Jill, it seems like a walk in a park, or so she thought.Taking careful aim, she took out enough to make small pathway to the bridge room.

Taking slow careful steps, Jill moved along the path she made way to the bridge entrance room. She tried opening the door, and with some bad luck, it was locked. She bent down on one knee and started to pick it. All though Jill didn’t notice it, a hooded zombie was slowly moving toward her and then stopped about ten feet away. Jill turned her head as she heard snarling, but was caught surprised. The C-virus zombie slammed her on the ground and then tried to bite her. She knocked the zombies head head back and pushed it up keeping it away from her. Her vaigina sent out small squirts of urine, dampening the crotch of suit as she kept the zombie away from her. She didn’t notice this small, embarrassing reaction, as she struggled with the zombie, soon throwing it off and then picking up a nearby rock smashing its head in. She looked to the park to see if any other zombie heard the commotion. A couple zombies were slowly inching to her, so quickly picked the door open and went inside.

Trying to catch her breath, Jill sat down in one of the chairs in the room. The room was rather dark lit up only by two things, a weak 40wat bulb hanging from the ceiling, and a Trish soda dispenser. She felt tired and more importantly, thirsty. Jill looked over at the Trish, and squirmed uncomfortably. Jill’s bladder was usually irritated by soda. She looked at the Trish dispenser, and then walked over. She kicked the machine open. Her thirst won over her logic, as she picked a can up. Usually to avoid any problems Jill wouldn’t drink much before a mission, but this time, she over did it. When she stood up to leave, behind her she left ten empty Trish soda cans.

She walked out on to the bridge, and looked ahead, seeing a empty, zombieless, bridge. Happy, yet cautious, Jill started sprinting down the bridge. Unknowing to to Jill was what was under the bridge. A Hunter α, a type of human reptile mix, was crawling under it. It cawled to the side of the bridge and looked up on the top of it. Seeing Jill, it started to think about how it would catch her. Jill was moving at a rather fast pace, most likely hyped on all the caffeine she just had.

When she made it to the halfway point of the bridge she heard something. A sort of scratching sound from above. When she looked up she saw the Hunter α hanging from a broken wire. She jumped, doing a barrel roll away from the creature before firing her gun at it.The Hunter α dodged it and then screamed at her, knocking her on her back with the force of its cry. Hunter α then jump on top of her. She reach for her knife and stabbed it in the neck. The monster screamed out in pain, as the blade, Under the loud screaming of Hunter α, one could hear a hissing noise, coming from Jill’s crotch. Out her vagina shot out a yellow shining stream that leaked out her suit and formed a gold puddle around her tush. She chucked the dead body off her and sat up. Jill’s face turned a bright pink as looked down at the puddle she was sitting in.

“Oh god…”

Jill wasn’t the type of person that would admit her fears to anyone, but her body had a habit of showing her fear for her. She stood up and went back on her way to the hospital. She slowly walked up to the back door of the hospital, feeling a heaviness above her crotch. She leaned on the back door. Sighing heavily, she grabbed her crotch, Jill regretted her choice to drink the Trish greatly.

With each step Jill took into the hospital a drip of urine fell from her crotch. She tried to look for a elevator or restroom. The elevator was smashed in and the restroom somehow seemed caved in. She looked for another why up and found the worst thing for someone in her situation, stairs. She took her first step on the stairs as urine gushed out out her crotch, as she squatted down.

“How am I going to do this?”

Standing up, she slowly started to make her way up the stairs. Halfway up the staircase she stopped by a door to catch her breath. She coughed hard came from her heavy breathing caused her to squirt urine down her leg, resulting in a large puddle. Sighing again she began slowly going back up the stairs, leaving a trail of drips behind. Behind the door Jill was at, was a zombified nurse, and it started to smell something, a very powerful sent from outside the door. Walking over to the origin of the sent, and slowly pushed the door open. Taking in the sent from the puddle in front of it, the zombie began to follow the sent up the stairs.

Finally at the top of the stairs, Jill couldn’t take it any more.

“Screw this, I gonna go.” she growled under her breath.

She unzipped her suit down to her waist and then reached for her belt, but when she tried to unclasp it, it wouldn’t budge.

“You’re freaking kidding me, right?”

She jiggle the buckle more trying to undo it.

“No no no…”

She let go of her buckle and slammed her hands into her crotch and crossed her legs as she thought she felt it leaking again. Remember what she was here for she slowly inched her way over to the rooms computer and sat down. Slowly removing her hands and crossing her legs even tighter than before, she started tying and looking through the computer for the code. Behind Jill creeped up a shadowy outline of a nurse. It grabbed Jill’s back with its one hand. Jill was suddlely started by the hand grabbing her, and a bit of fear came to her. The fear rushed to her bladder. Jill quickly stood up and stabbed it with her knife, before she fell to her knees.

Like a geyser, Jills vagina released its steamy hot golden urine from the captivity of its bladder. Pouring out like a waterfall, the pee splashed onto the floor and began to create yet another puddle. Jill’s fear came out with her urine, as her face filled with embarrassment. Minutes passed before the stream stopped, leaving Jill surrounded by a steaming golden yellow puddle. Wiping tears from her eyes, she slowly stood up and looked at the massive puddle. Trying to some how forget this, she downloaded the files she needed, and called Josh.

“Hello?” he answered, half yawning.

“I’m ready. ” Jill said in a small voice as she made her way to a fire which lead to the top.

“OK, I’m on my way now.”

The helicopter landed and Jill got in it and sat down by Josh. Josh noticed Jill’s urine drench legs and thought to himself:

“I’m not a kid, huh?”

###

I personally don't like this one too much, but please tell me what you think of it. Anything sort of feed back, suggestions, or complaints is welcome!

[shameful self promotion incoming]

Please vote on my poll for my next fic, thank you.

%https://omorashi.org/topic/20158-samus-fic-poll/

*004*2014-04-14 19:36

{{: 

Very nice story, i'd like to see one for Ada or Claire as well.

}}

Thanks! I might do them in the future

{{: 

Well, I for one am glad to see you've begun to include some fear accidents!

}}

Thanks, I plan to do more fear wetting soon.

{{: 

Yeah, I liked it. It's nice to see some variety i.e. fear wetting not just desperation, although that's good too.

}}

Agreed, I like to do a mix of both. Thanks!

