Having Cousins to Stay - Chapter 2

Author: Guest KTV

*000*2011-12-16 01:28

Hi,

Chapter 2 here - any feedback very welcome!

###

After her humiliating accident in the car home from the airport, Ellen was very quiet for a lot of the day, in particular saying almost nothing to her brother at any point. But slowly as the afternoon went by she started to forget what had happened and became the fun, chatty cousin that Izzy knew.

Izzy and Ellen had spent the day mostly watching TV, and sometimes playing with Anna. But as Ellen started to get more talkative they spent some time just catching up, talking about boys and school and plans for the summer. When Izzy's Dad came home from work and said Hello to Ellen and Max, Izzy could sense Ellen's relief that nobody said anything about her accident. By the time they all had to sit down for dinner, it was starting to feel like the awkwardness from before had gone and that Izzy and Ellen could have the summer together that they'd been looking forward to.

While they were eating the meal, Izzy's mum explained to Max and Ellen what the sleeping arrangements were:

"You are all squeezed into one room unfortunately, but you two do at least have a single bed each. Izzy and Anna will share the double."

Izzy sighed loudly - this was something she'd been arguing about with her mum for weeks. "Do I have to, mum? Ellen and Max are here for 3 weeks and you know Anna's going to wet her bed at least once in that time! Why doesn't she have one of the single beds and I can just share the double with Ellen."

Anna flushed bright red with embarrassment. "I will not! Anyway you still sometimes..."

"Be quiet, both of you!" Their mum silenced them angrily. "Izzy, we've already discussed this. I'm not making your cousins have to share beds while they're staying here. And anyway, Anna, you're going to be a good girl, act your age and make sure we don't have any more problems - aren't you?"

Anna blushed even brighter red and stared at the table, mumbling "Yes mum".

After dinner, all four kids sat down on the sofa to watch a movie. They were all enjoying it, but Anna was particularly wrapped up, and after a little while Izzy noticed that her little sister was obviously ignoring a full bladder in order to keep watching. She was sat with one foot curled up underneath her, constantly bouncing up and down on her heel in that tell-tale sign of a little girl who needs to pee. Izzy couldn't believe how often her sister did this - she'd had her fair share of accidents as a little girl herself, but they were normally because she was too shy to give any indication that she needed the toilet, and she certainly wouldn't let herself get obviously more and more desperate when she could just go to the bathroom at any time, like Anna did.

Izzy thought about sharing a joke with Ellen about what Anna was doing, but then she thought that her cousin might not be in the mood for jokes about having to pee today after what had happened in the car. She kept watching the film, but also kept half an eye on her sister - noticing that she was now occasionally grabbing her crotch through her skirt. The only time she stopped squirming and grabbing herself was when either of their parents came into the room: Anna knew very well that they'd be mad with her if they realised she was putting off going to the toilet again.

When there wasn't too long to go in the film, Izzy's mum came in. "I'm about to go and run the bath for bathtime. Girls, if you come up after the film for your bath. Max - I'm sure you're old enough now that you can take care of your own bath, so you can have the bathroom to yourself once I'm done with the girls." Max smiled. "Anna, do you need to use the toilet before I start running the bath?"

Anna was only half listening to what her mum was saying, with most of her attention on the TV screen. "No, I'm okay mum."

"Are you absolutely sure?"

"Yes!" Anna replied impatiently, not liking that her mum was singling her out like this in front of her older cousins. Izzy could tell that Anna was only just managing to resist the urge to squirm desperately while their mum was in the room. As soon as she went to start filling the bath, Anna was burying her hand between her legs again as she tried to hold on until the end of the film.

The film came to an end and the girls started to get up and go to get ready for their bath. As soon as she stood up, Anna immediately crossed her legs tightly around one of her hands, squirming desperately on the spot. As they all got undressed in their bedroom, Izzy and Ellen chatted about the film, not paying too much attention to Anna who was struggling a little to peel off her clothes with one hand buried permanently in her crotch. Eventually she got her panties off, and still grabbing herself she hurried into the bathroom.

When she got into the bathroom, she tried for a moment to maintain the deception for her mum, letting go of her crotch and trying to stand still, but she was just too desperate and she couldn't resist the urge to tightly cross her legs and squirm on the spot.

Her mum was immediately angry. "Anna, what are you doing?"

"I'm, I'm sorry...I just..."

"I asked you just a few minutes ago if you needed to use the toilet and you said no."

"I'm sorry, I didn't realise how badly I had to go." Anna danced desperately in front of her mum, trying her hardest to resist the temptation to grab between her legs because she knew that would get her in even more trouble.

"You're 9 years old Anna, you're not a baby. I shouldn't be having to tell you to go to the toilet, you should be able to keep your panties dry on your own."

"I know mum, I'm sorry." Anna was so embarrassed to be having this conversation again, especially knowing that her sister and her cousin had now come into the room too, ready for their baths. "Please can I just go to the toilet quickly before my bath - I promise I won't put it off next time."

"No, you know the rules. I'm going to give you your bath, and Ellen and Izzy will have theirs, and then you can use the toilet once nobody else is using the bathroom anymore."

Izzy felt pretty sorry for her sister. Their parents rules were very clear that you didn't use the toilet while somebody else was using the bathroom, but that didn't make it any easier for Anna right now.

Their mum lifted Anna into the bath and started to wash her as quickly as she could. Anna squirmed desperately, trying to keep her legs pressed tightly together, but constantly getting told to sit still or to open her legs so that her mum could wash her properly. Finally it was done, and she got back out of the bath and took a towel from the rack. Immediately she buried both hands in her crotch, pretending that she was just wrapping the towel around herself. Even grabbing herself tightly, she couldn't stand still and she pleaded to be allowed to use the toilet: "Please mum, can I just pee quickly before Izzy and Ellen have their bath?"

"No Anna, you have to learn to act your age. Dry yourself off, and then go put your nightie on. It will only be a few more minutes and then you can use the toilet."

Anna continued to grab herself tightly through the towel, half-heartedly drying herself like she'd been told to, and dancing desperately on the spot. Izzy and Ellen both wanted to help her out, so they washed themselves as quickly as they could. As Izzy was finishing off in the bath, Anna dropped the towel and hurried back to the bedroom to get her nightie. When Izzy and Ellen were both done, they went back to the bedroom as well and found Anna rooted to the spot, her nightie pushed up and both hands desperately gripping her crotch. A tiny streak of pee was trickling down her thigh.

Izzy immediately felt a pang of sympathy for her little sister. "Come on Anna, we're finished in the bathroom, you can go pee now."

"I don't know if I can make it" she replied quietly, with tears in her eyes.

"You'll be okay, just hurry in there now before you leak anymore."

Giving her legs one final squeeze together, Anna hurried out the door just in time to see Max going into the bathroom. "Nooo! Max, please I need to use the bathroom quickly! Please I can't wait!"

Max closed the door and locked it. "Sorry, I'm taking my shower now, you'll have to wait until I'm done." From inside the bathroom came the sound of the shower running.

"Noo, that's not fair!" Anna started crying, with another trickle of pee leaking out past her hands. Dancing outside the bathroom door, she crossed her legs as tightly as she could over her hands in a final effort to hold back the flood. She knew how much trouble she'd be in if she peed, but she had to go so bad, and she couldn't block out the sound of the shower pouring down in the bathroom. She felt a bigger spurt escape from between her legs, tickling the back of her thighs. She tried to squeeze herself even tighter, but she couldn't hold it anymore and her bladder suddenly gave way. A flood of pee poured out past her hands, going from a trickle between her thighs to a torrent in moments. She closed her eyes in horror as that familiar warm, wet feeling ran down her legs to the floor, puddling at her feet.

Eventually the pee stopped, and Anna looked down at the mess on the floor. The puddle seemed huge. She tried to think what she should do now, but she knew she didn't have a choice. Trembling, she knocked on her parents' door: "Um, mum, I'm sorry...I couldn't make it."

Her mum came out and took one look at the 9 year old's ashamed face and glistening thighs, and the pool outside the bathroom door. "Oh Anna, I'm so disappointed in you. When are you going to start acting your age?"

Anna couldn't hold back her tears. "I'm sorry mum, I almost held it, but then Max went in for his shower and I couldn't wait any longer..."

Izzy and Ellen had both come out of the bedroom to see what was going on. "You two get to bed, I'm going to have to give Anna another bath once Max is done in the shower."

"Okay mum." Suddenly, Izzy had a thought. "If Anna's coming to bed later when she's had another bath, should I share the double bed with Ellen for now?" She was slightly worried that her mum would think she was just arguing again, but it really did make sense.

"Yes, fine. You two just go to bed and I'll deal with your sister."

*004*2011-12-17 00:39

I'll certainly think about it - I've got lots of ideas, but I'm not absolutely certain how it will all unfold yet.

Does anyone else have any ideas about what they'd like to happen in Chapter 3 and beyond?

*008*2011-12-18 01:24

Good story. cant wait to see what happens next

*009*2011-12-20 17:15

Thanks for the ideas!

I'll definitely think about how to make Max get what he deserves, but probably a bit later once he's had a lot of chances to be mean!

Bedwetting will definitely happen at some time because I'm a big fan of girls wetting the bed, but I'm not so sure about diapers - it might be that if Ellen does have another accident on the trip, she just gets more and more embarrassed and gets in bigger and bigger trouble...

I'm going to write Chapter 3 now, with a mix of some of the suggestions I've had!

