HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 10

Author: frostyjr2

*225*2015-02-01 18:30

It's been a long while, i know... orango and i apologize for the lengthy period between posts, but we promise you, we are working diligently now, and here is the next part of the story:

CHAPTER 27

PUZZLE PIECES

Meanwhile, in another room not too far away...

“Alright, PCSO Grant, let’s review, shall we?” Inspector Marlowe said.

“What exactly are the facts of the case as we know them to be?”

“Well, we’ve got a couple of dead bodies, that’s for sure, innit?”

“It is indeed,” he replied with a smile. “First Lord Daghly, and now this Swain fellow, and we can be sure that the latter’s demise was no accident.”

“Sure? How’s that then?”

“When I interviewed the guests earlier today, Ms. Parker told me that when they arrived at the pool house, the dead man was still holding a phone in his hand, and that all the guests had been previously cautioned by His Lordship to refrain from using any modern digital devices during their stay here.” Marlowe then continued. “Did you not receive the same instructions when you arrived on the scene with Dunstable the first time?”

Thinking back, PCSO Grant couldn’t recall it having being mentioned specifically. It was a bit odd that her partner had taken his case notes with pencil and pad, though; Dunstable wasn’t the biggest fan of modern technology, but still…

“She mentioned how terrified she’d been, having almost used her laptop the night before to take down a recipe in the kitchen. She said the butler had stopped her in the knick of time,” Marlowe continued.

“When we looked at the body earlier, there was no phone in sight, was there?” Katherine asked.

“Ms. Morgan told me that Mr. Undalingg had removed it shortly after the body was discovered by Ms.Gigg, whose screams summoned the others. I intend on questioning him about that very thing in the morning,” Marlowe answered. “Removing anything which might be evidence from the scene is quite a serious offence.”

“It is a rather damning act, if not a clear implication of at least some level of guilt or involvement, then, innit?”

“I believe that conclusion to be a correct assumption, Officer Grant,” he said, smiling at her once more.

“Please, do call me Kate, would you?” she said, blushing deeply. “But why would someone want to kill the both of them, d'ye think? There's got to be a motive, hasn't there?”

“Hmmm, that’s what’s got me a bit puzzled. Certainly, His Lordship was a powerful man, and powerful men can make powerful enemies,” he mused. “Swain, on the other hand, seems to have been more the playboy type, inclined to casual dalliances of the less than romantic sort. I’ve been trying to ascertain a connection between the two of them, something they might have had in common.”

“In common?” Kate laughed. “Well, when you put it that way, I can’t help but think of that Irish lass, now, can I? Seems to me she was quite upset at dinner, and did I overhear her talking to the London girls?”

“Ms. Hohl? What did she say?” The inspector peered at her keenly now.

“It was something to the effect of how odd it was that both Mr. Swain and His Lordship had gone so suddenly, but it was more the way she said it, don’t you know? The affection she showed for the both of them seemed a bit more than just what one would feel for a work colleague, d’ye know what I mean?”

“AHA!” he exclaimed. “Firenda Hohl is the connection between the two victims. Could it really be that simple?”

“So where does the invisible man fit in to all this, then?” That was how Katherine had begun to think of Undalingg.

Marlowe knew who she was referring to immediately. “That remains to be seen. We’ll have to see what comes up when I question him on the morrow; for now, I believe we two have something else on our minds, and official business shall have to wait its turn while we attend to the business at hand,” Marlowe said with a smile. He couldn’t help but notice that PCSO Grant had begun squirming again in that most fetching manner.

Katherine merely grinned in return as she pulled off her uniform jacket and then began to unbutton her blouse, gradually exposing her white satin bra and her ample bust in all their splendid glory to the inspector's hungry gaze.

"My, what lovely breasts you have," Marlowe said.

"The better to tempt you with," Kate replied with a sly smile on her lips. Although she had released a good bit of wee only a fairly short time previously, she could now feel the same urge beginning to rise within her once more.

What was it about this place that had such an effect? she wondered briefly before she bent down to unlace her boots and kick them as well as her socks off of her small feet. She then used the motion of her desperate squirming to help her shimmy out of her regulation trousers, leaving herself clad in only uncharacteristically feminine undergarments. For some strange reason, when she had been summoned back to the manor this time, she had felt compelled to don her sexiest bra and panties, the set she called her "Saturday Night Specials". To be honest, they had sat unused in her lingerie drawer ever since she had been bold enough to purchase them, using the Victoria's Secret catalogue, of course. Just the thought of going in to a shop and buying such items was enough to make her turn beet red with embarrassment and, if she were to be truthful, not a small bit of arousal as well.

Katherine Grant was one of those women who had an incurable romantic streak as well as untapped depths of passion within her, which would only take the right person to come along and see past her somewhat plain exterior to discover just what an amazingly wonderful person she was. She had held herself back from any relationships whatsoever, waiting patiently for that special someone, although there was certainly no shortage of men in town and the ratio of men to women put the odds in her favour. But if the odds were good, the goods were most definitely odd, her partner Dunstable being a fair example of what she had to choose from. That being the case, she had preferred the company of her trusty vibrator up until now.

Inspector Marlowe, however, was something special indeed: tall, handsome, and obviously smart as a whip; witty, urbane, and quite good at his job, which just so happened to be in the same line of work as hers. This man was her hopes, dreams, and fantasies all come to life.

Suddenly, she remembered her sodden undies.

OMG, she had forgotten to pull them down earlier, wetting them while she was in the loo. She was standing there in peed-in knickers!

She covered her face with her hands and began sobbing softly. Her one chance at true happiness, gone now and forever, she thought... but Marlowe merely took her soft hands in his, and said quietly, "I don't mind that you're wet, my dear."

He looked right into her blue eyes now. "In fact, I rather like it."

Looking at the front of the inspector's trousers, the truth of his statement needed no further corroboration. There was an obvious tenting at the front, and despite the dim light, Kate could swear she could just make out a wet spot beginning to form there as well.

Was it just arousal, or... was he... starting to pee himself too?

She decided it didn't matter to her either way. She was getting too excited.

Katherine closed her eyes, moaned softly and shuddered as she felt Marlowe's hand on her warm damp panties, caressing her gently through the wet satin fabric.

<to be continued>

*231*2015-02-08 00:52

{{:

This is a small request is there any chance we could see maybe one of the other maids other than Erica get in on the action. Say they were spying on someone and got found out or something?

}}

Hmm, that would be a great idea, except for one thing...

So far, the only staff members we've mentioned are the chauffeur/mechanic, the butler, the housemaid, and the cook.

Frankly, i'm not sure there are any other maids. Dartmoor Manor is a strange place indeed.

Thanks for following the story, and for taking the time to leave comments!

*233*2015-02-09 13:48

Sorry we're a bit late for the weekend, but hopefully this chapter will be worth the wait.

In any case, here it is. And once again, our thanks to all of you who have been following this story! :)

GAME ON!

Chapter 28

There were no two ways about it, both Megan and Erica were desperate. Not just the conventional kind of desperate that most people get from time to time, but an all-consuming, eye watering, nearly-wetting-ones-knickers kind of desperate. It was a kind of desperate that inhibited rational thought, which perhaps went some way to explaining why the pretty housemaid was currently on all fours, and had reversed herself so that one of Megan's bedposts had become wedged up against her pee hole. Grinding herself into the leg, she pushed backwards with her hands on the carpet in front of her with all her might, squishing her body into the solid oak and moaning softly to herself.

Wan Yu eyed her like a hawk, her pupils dilated as a burning arousal began to melt her icy constitution. She was fascinated at the lengths her little sub would go to to try and win them the contest, and whether they ultimately won or lost, she was in no doubt that she was doing her utmost to hold it in. With a smile, she almost seemed to purr with approval.

“My dear little Erica, watching you rub yourself up and down that hard wood is a delight.” Then with an uncharacteristic chuckle Wan Yu added, “Although, it's the only wood you'll ever have between your legs, my darling.”

The first game was simple. Having consumed a fresh cup of coffee and an extra glass of water each, then made to wait using whatever means necessary, both had been quick to resort to openly holding themselves. Any last remaining dregs of shyness having completely dissipated, their hands worked furiously at the soft, supple folds of skin between their legs to try and stem the flow, a flow that would all too soon become inevitable. Ten minutes later, a 'no holding yourself' rule had come into effect, which had left them squirming furiously, knotting their legs together, desperately trying to find a way of applying a little pressure to prevent any leaks. Although leaking didn't mean they would lose the game, it had been made clear that heavy penalties would be applied to either girl when they did, and the game would only be over when one of them lost control completely.

Although this went some way to explaining Erica's current position on the floor, Megan had found an altogether different solution to the problem. For several minutes she had pee-danced as if she was a finalist on Dancing With The Stars, but it had become clear rather quickly that the approach wasn't going to work in the long term. Instead, looking a little out of breath and panic-stricken, she had beckoned Sarah to her side. Now, standing slightly bent forwards and with her legs apart just enough to allow access, Sarah was squeezing her pee hole for her.

With a frown from Wan Yu, Megan laughed and said, "Well, the rules stated 'no holding yourself' … which I'm not! It's fair!"

"I can see that I'm going to have to be more careful with my choice of words from now on. There will be no loopholes in the next round, I can assure you!" Wan Yu said rather sternly.

However, even with Sarah helping her, the extra liquid was already beginning to add to Megan's woes. Still squirming and wriggling, she implored Sarah to push up on her privates even more firmly than she already was. The waves of desperation had become one endless throbbing pressure, forcing her pee to the very edge of release.

"Oh God, hold me tighter, pleeeaase? I'm going to burst any second!” She released a little cry of frustration, then whispered deliberately loud enough so that everyone could hear, “You're going to have to get your fingers inside me, it's the only way!”

Although Sarah had become accustomed to denying most requests, this particular one seemed like a cracking idea. Without hesitation she wormed her hand down the tight waistband of Megan's panties and began to cup her lover's bare womanhood. It felt soft, warm and moist, and her lover's trembling lips yielded easily as Sarah slipped a finger up between them. So aroused that she felt weak at the knees, she then began to push against Megan's urethra, massaging the tiny hole in tight circular motions.

“Oh, that’s much better! I think I could hold on for hours all the while you’re doing that!”

Erica gave a soft gasp at Megan’s words. The idea of holding on for just a few more minutes, let alone hours, almost made her lose it right there and then. Even after having developed a rather intimate relationship with the bedpost, the extra coffee was pushing her to her limits. With her pee feeling on the brink of gushing out, she moaned louder than ever as she fought her body's natural urges, her ability to control them now hanging precariously by a thread.

Wan Yu could sense every last drop of Erica’s desperation and despair, so as much as she was enjoying the spectacle in front of her, it was time to move the contest on to the next phase.

"And with that, I ask our contestants to stand up and compose themselves,” then with a glare at Megan she added, “That is, without any help from their significant others. To ensure that everything is judged fairly, and if there are no objections of course, Sarah should inspect my little girl here, and I'll inspect Megan. Not that anyone would think about cheating, of course..." The sentence trailed off, and indicated quite clearly that she thought they might.

Between gasps and pants from the contestants, and a rather odd guttural squeal from Erica as she got up onto her knees, everyone agreed. Pulling herself up with her arms so her stomach muscles didn’t squeeze her bladder from within, Erica stood on shaky legs. She was in dire straits and instinctively she had begun to hold herself again, kneading and pawing at her womanhood beneath her now slightly crumpled petticoat. Megan was in an equal amount of trouble, especially now that Sarah had withdrawn her fingers.

With her heart beating out of her chest, Sarah approached Erica while Wan Yu walked over to Megan. Erica, the squirming, dishevelled wreck that she had become, managed a brief heartfelt smile through a face contorted by acute and abject desperation. Now she was just a foot or two away Sarah could plainly see beads of perspiration on her brow, and she was biting her bottom lip while both hands worked enthusiastically between her legs. Her breath was coming in short sharp pants, and it was clear that she was approaching the end of her tether at a rapid clip. For the first time Sarah realised that beneath the makeup and borderline slutty uniform, she was a genuinely pretty young woman; stunningly pretty in fact. And the fact that a gallon of pee was soon about to erupt out of her and saturate those skimpy blue knickers only stood to enhance her beauty.

“Now girls, stand up nice and straight and keep perfectly still. Squirming is absolutely not permitted during the inspection process.” On cue, both girls stood to attention like soldiers. Wan Yu smiled. She had exuded confidence and superiority ever since she could remember, and had quickly learned how to command respect and instil fear in all that she crossed paths with. She gave Megan a wink to break the tension and got down onto her knees, as it was Megan’s turn to be inspected first. Wearing nothing but a bra and an oh-so-tight pair of panties she had borrowed from Erica, she was already somewhat exposed. And now, with all three sets of eyes firmly focussed on her nether regions, she was smouldering with arousal and anticipation.

Wan Yu gently ran the backs her fingers up the inside of Megan's thighs, half caressing, half tickling the contact was so light. In response she felt Megan begin to tremble, which grew into a shudder that took over her whole body. As if on cue a tiny trickle of urine involuntarily broke free and dribbled out from between her lips, moistening the crotch of her knickers. The other girls watched the circular patch of moisture grow in size, then stop when it reached the diameter of a two pence piece. Pulling away from Wan Yu and tightly crossing one leg over the other, Megan drew a sharp intake of breath.

"Hey, come on sweetie, you can hold it! Don't give up!" Sarah encouraged buoyantly.

"You know I'll never give up, but I'm going to wet myself really soon, I know it! I can't hold it forever!" The incessant ache of her bursting full bladder was becoming almost too much to bear, and if it hadn't felt so weirdly wonderful at the same time, she'd have lost the battle long ago.

"Not forever, just another few minutes ... an hour maybe?" Sarah said, smiling.

"An hour???" both girls gasped in unison, their soldier-like stances having already been abandoned. Both had reverted back to quivering, desperate, pee-dancing wrecks, and Erica hadn't even been inspected yet. Stamping her feet heavily on the ground and sucking in air through clenched teeth, Erica had the expression of a rabbit in headlights.

"There's no way, just … I mean … well," Erica's sentence ended with a sigh of resignation. It occurred to her that tonight she would either hold it and win, or genuinely lose control of her body and wet her knickers. 'Giving up' and letting go, no matter how desperate or uncomfortable she became, simply wasn't an option. Maybe tonight she would truly start to understand the psychological reasons why Megan always chose to hold it until she physically couldn't any more. In fact she was already gleaning a good understanding. She was presently more desperate than she could ever remember being before, certainly much more than she had been whilst serving dinner, and the feelings enveloping her body were strangely divine.

She had heard the expression that a desperately needed wee felt better than sex, well holding on to a desperately needed wee felt even better than that! Like a drug she didn't want the high to end, and the only way to prolong it was to hold back the contents of her bladder with every last ounce of remaining strength. Suddenly she was determined and stood to attention, awaiting Sarah's inspection. Her body was now upright and standing straight, her fists clenched as her bladder pounded in protest, the urine right on the brink of escaping through her over-burdened, quivering sphincter.

Sarah bent down and knelt in front of the housemaid, tentatively lifting the front of her petticoat. It was so short there wasn't really much need, but she was curious to see if she was sporting a bladder bulge like Megan's. To her delight, a little bump was plain to see protruding from her tummy just beneath her belly button. Moving her eyes down, she stared at the outline of her vagina in those skimpy sky blue panties, and decided to up the ante by running a single finger lightly over the bulge.

Erica whimpered, pee almost exploding out of her there and then. The lightest touch, the gentlest pressure, was both agony and ecstasy. Just half a second before Erica would most certainly have burst, Sarah moved downwards, lightly brushing her fingers against Erica's covered lips before finally withdrawing.

"Oh God oh God oh God..." Erica said as she snapped her body forwards, bending at the waist and knotting her legs together. "Was I dry? I'm not even sure myself any more!"

"You were indeed," Sarah conceded, sitting casually back down on the bed.

"But you were not, Megan my dear. Which means you have to face the consequences." Wan Yu glanced over at the coffee pot on the dressing table. "You have to drink another cup."

"That hardly seems fair," Megan pouted, stamping a foot like a petulant child and folding her arms.

"And, since you protested, I think another glass of water as well."

Erica smiled to herself. She was all too familiar with the consequences for daring to argue or disagree with Wan Yu in any way whatsoever. Not only did you still end up doing what she wanted you to anyhow, she always managed to make things worse ... or was that better? Depends on one's perspective, I suppose, she thought to herself as Megan sighed and faced the music, a full cup of cold coffee in her shaking hand while Wan Yu gleefully poured another large tumbler full of ice water, filling it right up to the very brim.

Meanwhile, poor Erica's lapse of concentration had actually resulted in her springing a leak of her own, the fact of which was betrayed by an involuntary shudder, squeak, and gasp.

"OMG, now I've gone and wet me knickers a bit, I'm sure of it," she whimpered.

"Better make that two glasses," Sarah said, grinning hugely.

"Consider it done," Wan Yu said with an answering smile.

Since Megan was still struggling with her coffee, she handed the full glass to Erica, who trembled as she took it from her mistress. Wan Yu turned to pour another glass of ice water, this one intended for Megan. Sarah relieved her of the empty cup which had contained cold coffee only a few moments ago as Wan Yu handed her the full tumbler.

"Drink up, my dear," she said, and this time, a chastened Megan knew better than to protest in the slightest. She meekly took the tumbler in both of her hands, shuddering at the feel of the cold, damp glass as she raised it to her lips, drinking deeply from it as Sarah's small hands closed around her own and kept the glass there, even forcing her head back slightly as she gulped down its contents as rapidly as she could, her shapely bottom wriggling quite seductively and one leg raised slightly off the floor.

Meanwhile, Erica was clearly struggling to finish her own tumbler of ice water, and Wan Yu had to intervene to prevent her other hand from involuntarily moving beneath her petticoats to apply some pressure on her privates through her lacy blue knickers.

"Now, now, sweetie, we'll have none of that," the tall raven-haired beauty said softly. "You know the rules, and we shall win fair and square, or not at all." She held her little sub's hand firmly and applied a bit of soft pressure before smiling at her and saying, "I have faith in you, my little one."

Although Erica could feel she was nearing her absolute limit in holding, she wouldn't dare disappoint her mistress if there was anything to be done for it. The consequences might be severe, and in any case, she lived to make Wan Yu happy. She too finished her tumbler of ice water and happily handed the empty glass back to Wan Yu.

"And since fair is fair, here's another glass for good measure," her mistress said now, quickly refilling it and handing it to her. "After all, Megan did have to drink that cup of coffee first."

OMG, not another full tumbler of ice water? Erica sighed quietly as she took the glass and began to drink from it again.

Could this possibly get any better? Sarah wondered. She could feel that she was pretty wet herself at this point, although it was entirely from her arousal at seeing the two desperate girls squirming before her eyes, and although Wan Yu was still looking impassive and steely, she couldn't help thinking about what effect this contest was having on her as well.

<TO BE CONTINUED >

*236*2015-02-22 19:08

We're back... hopefully this chapter is worth the wait. The girls have certainly been left on the brink for awhile (sigh), and so, we give you:

Chapter 29

ENDGAME

With all the drinks finished, several fresh pints of liquid began the slow process of filtering through the girls' bodies. Drop by drop, trickle by trickle, the pressure in their already achingly full bladders was reaching a crescendo. Neither knew exactly how much time passed for it was difficult having any thoughts beyond that of 'I need a wee I need a wee I need a wee...', but to the two desperate girls it seemed like several eternities.

They were both doubled forwards, unable to stand up straight any more even if they'd wanted to. Both had forgotten the 'no holding yourself' rule long ago, and were massaging themselves feverishly, lost in their own little worlds of extreme desperation and mind-blowing arousal.

Erica now knew exactly why Megan did what she did, because beyond the discomfort, beyond the ache, beyond the pain, it felt so good! If anyone had walked in at that moment it would have appeared as if the two beauties were in fact simply engaged in tandem acts of solo sexual stimulation, but the reality was far more complex than that.

Their desperation-induced arousal was making them crave relief; relief from the incessant throbbing pressure in both their bladders and their loins. But, neither were prepared to give in to their mingling desires, because that would mean losing the contest!

Sarah and Wan Yu were feeling a similar kind of pressure, and if inspected themselves it would have appeared as if they were the ones who had in fact wet themselves. Neither were showing any outward signs of their burning arousal, but both were melting from the inside out, sticky slippery liquid collecting between their legs and moistening the insides of their knickers.

"OK girls, it's plain to see that either of you could wet yourselves at any moment now, so let's start another challenge shall we?"

Wrenched out of their own little worlds and back to reality, quiet moans left their lips synchronously. Erica then dropped to her knees and doubled forwards, resting her forehead on the small throw rug beside the bed and bringing her legs up under her, her bottom in the air and gently swaying from side to side. A muffled voice started to beg.

"Oh, please Miss, I can't wait any longer, I need to go to the toilet. I'm going to wet myself, I can feel it's about to come out!"

"There will be no toilet for you, my dear. If you can't manage to hold it, then your knickers will become your toilet."

Megan was still standing, but with her left leg crossed firmly in front of the other. She was bent forwards so the top half of her body was almost horizontal, and she was jiggling and panting like a woman possessed.

"Hey, Erica," Megan murmured between gasps. Erica looked up, her face pale and her eyes wide, sweat dripping down her brow.

"Whatever you do," Megan continued, "Don't think about any running water, or waterfalls, or the sounds they make. Definitely don't think about the sound your pee makes when it hisses from your body, that'll make you wet yourself for sure..." She ended the sentence with a SSSSsssss noise. It was a low blow, but she knew time was running out for herself. She needed a wee, and she needed it now!

"Oh, bugger" Megan shouted as she started to hop on the spot. "Well that didn't work! I nearly just made myself pee then!"

"Ha, serves you right!" Erica said, grinning.

Having then listened to the rules of the next round from Wan Yu, the girls were left dumbfounded. Between a chorus of "I'm never going to be able to do that," and "I'll wee myself for definite," Erica and Megan squirmed relentlessly, feeling they were being asked the impossible. They were each to adopt a squatting position, legs apart, torso upright, with arms at either side. They would then remain in that position until one of them began to leak. Whoever that was would receive a suitable penalty, although it hadn't yet been made clear if this would be having to drink more water again or something even worse.

"Are you ready?" Wan Yu asked.

Wordlessly the two desperate girls stood side by side, and in a moment of comradeship, held each other's hands as they adopted the required positions. Both felt utterly exposed, their pee holes open and unobstructed by anything except for the thin, translucent fabric of their skimpy underwear. Their hands remained joined, clasped together with interlocking fingers; they may have been competing against one another, but they were in this together and secretly loving every moment. Feeling Erica's hand trembling in her own, Megan squeezed it firmly, reassurance and added resolve surging between them like a spark of electricity.

However, it wasn't long before their overwhelming desire for a long hard wee had become almost unbearable. The call of nature had been heard and ignored for far too long, and was now screaming like a wailing siren in each of their heads and bladders. Struggling to hold on, squirming, wriggling, panting and sweating, both girls were about to burst in spectacular style.

A sudden sense of calm transcended the turmoil within Megan's overwrought body. It was this moment that she had come to live for, the moment of greatest excitement, the moment she would lose genuine control of the needs of her desperate body. Everything else was already fading into the background, Wan Yu's voice becoming a distant echo in her ears. Her bladder throbbed and pounded, her holding muscles locked in constant contraction, the slightest lapse guaranteeing that she would be instantly and forcefully peeing all over the floor beneath her. But then something else happened...

Erica gave a sudden squeak and took a deep intake of breath. Everything went silent, the only barely audible sound a gentle pattering of pee droplets hitting the rug. But then it stopped.

"Oh bloody hell, I can't hold it!"

Erica jumped up out of her squatting position, jammed both hands between her legs, and began dancing on the spot. She had stopped herself from completely losing it just in the nick of time, but quickly realised that as the loser of the round, punishment was heading her way.

"Stop holding yourself at once, there will be no more of that!" Wan Yu said sternly to her little sub. "Remember, we will win fair and square or not at all!"

The words echoed in Erica's mind. Oh my God, does she really even want me to win at all? Thoughts of the spanking she would certainly receive if she lost flitted through her mind, magnifying her arousal tenfold in a heartbeat. Withdrawing her hands from between her legs the evidence of her momentary loss of control became apparent. The crotch of her sky blue panties now had more of a deep ocean hue, and a droplet of urine glinted in the light as it tumbled down the inside of her visibly trembling thigh.

"Looks like someone's sprung a leak," Sarah said, openly gloating at poor little Erica's failure to fully contain the contents of her overburdened bladder. "And don't you try to play the Little Dutch Boy, either; there'll be no plugging for this dyke! Those are your own rules," she added, smiling ever so sweetly at Wan Yu.

The tall beauty fixed her with a cold stare, then Sarah could almost swear that a smile seemed to flit across her stern visage for a brief moment before she replied. "Of course I won't help her. As I just said, we shall either win fairly or not at all."

Turning towards the tiny housemaid now, she said, "And as for your punishment young lady, you will now lie down flat on the floor and allow Megan to squat over you for 5 minutes. If by some miracle Megan doesn't totally empty her bladder all over you in that time..." Wan Yu glanced over at Megan who was now a dishevelled quivering wreck of a woman, before continuing, "… then you will be very lucky by the looks of things, very lucky indeed. But of course, if Megan does end up peeing all over you, you will be the winner, Erica."

Wan Yu raised an eyebrow, then added, "Providing you don't wet yourself first, of course." She ran a finger up the inside of Erica's thigh wiping away the droplet of urine, then patted her gently on her belly. "If you keep the rest inside you for just a little longer, I promise you'll be making us both happy." With a wink, Wan Yu stepped back.

Following the instructions to the letter, Erica tentatively dropped to her knees before laying back and stretching her legs out in front. Her bladder felt insanely full in this position, and she wondered if she could get away with letting just a little bit out without anyone noticing. Before the thought had even properly formed however, Wan Yu was giving her a frown and shaking her head. Apparently she could read minds now, and Erica blushed in response.

Megan was struggling, copious volumes of water pressing down on her sphincter, begging for release. She barely knew what was going on any more, all of her thoughts were focused on preventing the contents of the ball of pee inside her from bursting out. Walking on shaky legs she approached the horizontal Erica and placed her feet either side of her body, straddling her. Steadying herself first, Megan then bent at the knees and adopted a squatting position, the damp clingy fabric of her knickers moving to just a few inches above Erica's face.

Erica's eyes were transfixed on the small circle of wetness on Megan's knickers, knowing that just behind it several pints of amber liquid were now so very close to spraying out all over her. She could see that every muscle in Megan's gorgeous body was straining to hold back the flood. She listened to her moan, and watched her writhe and squirm, the distinct outline of her pussy contracting rhythmically as she fought to hold her pee inside for just another minute or two. But even with the greatest will in the world, the body always wins the battle.

"Oh no, I'm so sorry, please forgive me..." Megan mumbled between breaths. She shuddered violently before suddenly keeping perfectly still, holding her breath. Erica's eyes widened as she stared at the area between Megan's legs, unable to look away. In that moment a part of her wanted Megan to lose all control, to pee her little heart out all over her so she could feel the hot, fragrant urine wash over her skin. It wasn't about winning any more, it was about something far more animalistic deep within her, a desire that had been repressed until this very moment.

Megan whimpered softly, and at the same time the small patch of wetness darkened and began to spread around her crotch. "Oh no, I can't hold it..." With her knickers unable to absorb any more liquid, the first droplet of Megan's pee fell and landed on Erica's cheek, then continued down her face before ending up at her pretty lips. Without thinking, her tongue darted out and licked the droplet away. The taste was sweet and strangely satisfying to her, and all she could think of now was wanting more.

"Hold it honey, you can do it! You're four minutes in, so just one more minute and you can stand up again!" Sarah virtually shouted, excited and enthusiastically, like she was supporting her favourite football team at a match.

But the situation was proving all too overwhelming for poor Megan, who couldn't even tell if she was peeing herself or not any more. Her bladder felt numb, and the warm wetness between her legs seemed ever present. How much was pee, and how much was her own womanly juices, she couldn't tell now. All she knew was she was very wet, and soon to be even wetter by all the signs.

Erica, her eyes unblinking, watched as several more droplets fell from Megan, dripping down onto her. A distant voice said something about twenty more seconds, but she wasn't sure how this would end, or even if she wanted it to end. Another moan from Megan and this time a definite squirt left her body, hissing gently into her underwear before trickling through and splashing down onto Erica's small lace covered bosom. She felt a little pool of the warm liquid begin to gather between her breasts before the voice announced five more seconds. Megan seemed to pull herself together at the last moment, squirming and bobbing up and down frantically as the countdown reached zero.

Launching herself up at the count of zero, Megan pee danced then knotted her legs together, squeezing her pee hole like a vise with the tops of her thighs. Erica, meanwhile, sat up and had gotten to her knees when suddenly a helpless look came over her pretty face.

"OMG, I'm so sorry," she gasped as her bursting bladder finally gave out, and the tiny housemaid began to wet her knickers uncontrollably, the flood cascading down and splashing onto the floor between her shapely legs.

"Hah! You lose!" Sarah said, smiling triumphantly as both she and Wan Yu turned to watch the copious contents of Erica's bladder continue to empty onto the hard wood floor beneath her. Wan Yu now seemed both glum and somewhat peeved at the little housemaid's loss of control, which boded ill for poor Erica's immediate future.

"Um... oopsies." Megan said quietly behind them.

Both Sarah and Wan Yu quickly turned away from Erica, who was still wetting herself, their attention drawn to the soft hissing sound of yet another stream of urine like the gaze of a hungry hawk towards the field mouse far below. When they looked over at Megan, a rather large puddle had already begun to form at her feet.

"Megan!"

Wan Yu smiled quite broadly now and said, "Oh well, looks like we'd better call it a draw."

"We'd better, yes... I think we both lost it at the same time," Megan said with a soft giggle. She knew Sarah would be more forgiving of her own loss of control than Wan Yu would be with Erica, and she wasn't going to let the girl she had begun to think of as a little sister be punished simply because Megan was more practiced at holding than she was.

Meanwhile, a grateful Erica silently mouthed the words 'thank you' to Megan behind the other two girls' backs.

The little housemaid somehow knew that Megan could have held on for longer, and that she had let go deliberately in order to help her save face, as it were. Her former opponent had now become her partner in crime.

"OMG, what a mess we've made," Megan said, laughing now that the tension of the contest had been broken. The two large puddles were now merging into one at their feet.

"Not to worry, ma'am. Win or lose, the clean-up was always going to be my responsibility anyhow," the cute little housemaid said with a bright and cheery smile on her face.

"Well, my little sweet darling Erica, you may not have lost but you didn't win either... so I think you'd better be quick about that clean-up. You know what comes after, don't you?" Wan Yu said softly, laughing herself now as Erica's hand headed instinctively towards her bottom as if to protect it from the assault of an unseen paddle.

"You're not still going to spank her, are you?" Sarah asked.

"Why, of course I am," Wan Yu replied with a grin. "I always spank her."

"To be quite honest, ma'am... I wouldn't have it any other way," the pretty little housemaid said softly, a shy smile on her lips, her hand at her bottom and her eyes downcast towards the puddle at her feet.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*241*2015-02-28 11:29

Fire Ninja, i don't think your comments are cause for any hate. You are merely expressing an opinion, and i for one respect that. As a writer i do work hard to create something which is fun, intriguing, and even arousing at times, but one cannot be all things to all people every time.

I apologize to any of our readers who might feel that things are not up to their expectations., and hope desperately that you will continue on with us to the end anyhow.

TY for taking the time to comment, and to be truthful.

*242*2015-03-22 16:11

Dearest friends and fans, we're trying to keep to posting a chapter at leastevery two weeks or so, and it's been too long since the last one... so, here's the next part of our story, and orango

And i both hope that it will be to your liking.

CHAPTER 30:

ADRIFT AT SEA

Wan Yu Gigg smiled as she looked down at the sleeping form of Erica the little housemaid. The poor thing was exhausted from carrying out her duties all day and evening in a state of perpetual arousal and desperation. Although she had been permitted to relieve herself in both ways before being put to bed thanks to the extended holding contest and Wan Yu's loving 'punishment paddling' immediately afterwards, it was quite clear that the small girl's urge to pee was beginning to reassert itself, her bladder muscles being in a weakened state from so much holding for so long. The cute little redhead was squirming and moaning softly in a very erotic manner as she slept, dreaming.

Erica was feeling more desperate than she'd ever been in her life, and there was no way she could hold it in any longer. She jammed her hand down between her legs under her short skirt and clamped her thighs together tightly around it, but it was to no avail.

An uncontrollable stream of wee began to flow from her as she sat in a small boat adrift in the middle of the ocean with all of the other girls there watching her. OMG, she was wetting her knickers yet again, the feeling of embarrassment and humiliation mingling once more with the sweet sensation of relief, a feeling that she now embraced and even had begun to crave.

Wan Yu Gigg peeled the bed covers back gently from the little maid's body just in time to see the tiny wet spot grow and spread across the crotch of her panties and then the stream of hot urine began in earnest, jetting out through them and forming a puddle beneath her as Erica twisted, sighed and moaned a bit more loudly in her sleep.

Now the tall Eurasian beauty smiled even more as she began to project her thoughts not just towards her little submissive but radiating throughout the manor and finding the receptive and susceptible minds of others as well...

* * * * *

Katherine Grant was squirming again, although this time not in front of the strikingly attractive Inspector Marlowe. Somehow, she was sitting on the hard wooden plank seat of a small boat along with the other girls: the Irish brunette, those two lesbian girls from London, that tall one that was all business by the looks of her and the petite housemaid.

She wasn't the only one squirming in distress either; in fact the only one who didn't seem on the verge of losing control and wetting her knickers was that Wan Yu Gigg person.

All the rest of the girls were just moments away from it, legs clamped tightly together, hands pressed down in between their lovely thighs, lower lips bitten ever so fetchingly. As if from a perspective outside herself, yet still a participant, Katherine now relished the sight of so much desperation. She thought back to her school days, times when she and her friends had had to queue up for the loo, and suddenly remembered certain rather odd feelings she'd had watching the other girls as they waited, shifting their weight from foot to foot, wiggling their bottoms in their pleated schoolgirl skirts, distractedly twirling strands of hair between their fingers...

Suddenly and without warning, she began to wet her knickers. As she felt the warm sensation of the pee filling them, she began to also feel the onset of a massive orgasm and as she soaked herself like a little girl, that orgasm grew until it was the most satisfying feeling of her life.

Somehow, the image of the Inspector dressed as a schoolgirl and wetting himself flitted through her mind now too. She found it strangely arousing... hmmm, maybe later, Kate thought with a sly little smile on her face now.

* * * * *

Firenda stirred in her sleep, her lithe body drenched in a cold sweat.

She was having the most vivid dream, one in which she had been adrift at sea in a tiny lifeboat along with Megan, Sarah, Wan Yu Gigg, PCSO Grant and little Erica the housemaid, all of them totally desperate to pee and none wanting to admit it, although the signs had been getting more and more obvious by the minute as they all squirmed with their ever-increasing urgent need.

Poor Erica had been the first to totally lose control, and as she wet her panties Wan Yu smiled broadly and clapped her hands while the little housemaid sat there peeing into her black silk knickers, unable to contain the flood within her any longer.

Meanwhile, Sarah was looking at Megan and grinning with anticipation, fully expecting her to be the next to give in to the overwhelming urge to pee.

By this time it was clear that they were all involved in a tacit holding contest, with the last one to lose control of their bladder winning... 'winning what?', Firenda had wondered, although the sensation of fullness within her made her fairly certain that it would be a tight race between her and the lovely Megan for next to wet in any case.

Just as Firenda felt the sweet agony of humiliation when the first uncontrollable jet of urine dampened her own knickers, she had jolted awake. As she sat bolt upright in her bed, she struggled to regain her bearings in the darkness of her room.

Now, as she slowly regained her sense of reality, she realized that it wasn't merely sweat which had gotten her nightgown and sheets soaking wet beneath her... she jumped out of the bed and glanced around in a panic before remembering that she was all alone in her room, not still in that tiny lifeboat with the other girls.

She breathed a deep sigh of relief...

* * * * *

A couple of rooms away, Sarah was having the same dream, strangely enough.

She had seen little Erica lose control and was delighted to see her tiny feet dangling above the puddle she had made beneath her seat in the boat, but although Sarah had some hope that Megan or Firenda might be next to wet she wasn't feeling nearly as confident as she tried to appear outwardly. She was feeling totally full, all of that wine and water and cognac was stretching her bladder to the bursting point, and unlike Megan she wasn't an old hand at holding.

The desperation was coming in waves, the waves swamping the boat and knocking her out of it as Megan looked on in despair, and now the waves came crashing over her, each one closer to the previous one and mounting higher and higher until one came along that she couldn't ride the crest of any longer... she felt it engulf her, going under like a surfer getting dragged beneath it, and unable to breathe.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*243*2015-03-22 16:37

And because of the long delay, here's another chapter by way of apology (and plot advancement as well).

CHAPTER 31

REVOLVING TABLES (The Lazy Susan of Life)

The next morning…

Sarah woke up to the unusual sensation of warm wetness between her legs.

Her pyjama bottoms were soaked, as was the bed under her.

"OMG, Megan... not only did you pee without permission, but you wet the bed too?" she mumbled, still groggy.

Megan, however, was seated across the room at the vanity languidly brushing her long hair, and already fully dressed.

"I'm sorry, did you say something?" she said as she turned away from the mirror and looked directly at Sarah.

There was no way for Megan to have wet the bed, gotten out of it without her realizing it, and gotten dressed in a short enough time for the pee to still be warm. In shock, Sarah realized that it had to have been her that had had the accident this time.

There was a knock at the door, followed by Cervin's voice.

"Pardon me, Madam. A continental breakfast will be served shortly in the salon."

Then there was only the sound of his footsteps receding down the hallway.

"You'd better get up now, sleepy head!" Megan said playfully. "I'm hungry, and I still need a wee badly, too. I can't believe you've been able to hold it all this time without going!"

Sarah reddened slightly as she pulled the covers up tightly around her neck.

"Since you're already dressed, why don't you go on ahead without me, and I'll be down in a minute, OK, sweetie?" she said softly.

"Oh, no you don't!" Megan replied. "I'll bet you know exactly where the loo is, and you're going to try to sneak off to have a nice wee without telling me!" Megan walked over to the bed and tugged at the covers. "You get out of this bed right this min-"

She broke off suddenly when Sarah was exposed to her gaze, wearing her wet pyjamas and lying in an obviously damp spot.

Megan smirked uncharacteristically, and said, "OOPS, I guess you've had a little accident yourself this time. Even wet the bed too!" She rummaged in Sarah's suitcase a bit before she found what she was looking for, then she giggled as she held up a disposable diaper.

"Well, rules are rules, as you always like to remind me. Looks like it won't be me wearing these, sweetie!"

Sarah blushed bright red now as she realized what was in store for her.

* * * * *

As Megan and Sarah left their room they happened to see PCSO Grant closing a door behind her before she slipped quickly down the hallway towards the stairs leading down to the salon.

"I thought that was the Inspector's room," Megan said.

Sarah didn't reply. She was a bit too preoccupied with the unusual sensations caused by the disposable diaper she was wearing under her dress. It made a soft crinkling sound as she walked along holding Megan's hand. The sound was actually quite subtle, but to her it was clear and unmistakeable. Now, for the first time in their relationship it was she who was feeling little girl-like and out of control. She was even feeling an urge to pee again, and that too was unusual for her, coming so soon on the heels of the previous bedwetting incident.

Megan was holding her hand firmly, and Sarah knew there would be no way for her to avoid having to wet her diaper in public eventually since Megan wasn't about to let her out of her sight now. She sighed softly to herself.

At least the only one who would know would be her dear Megan, she thought.

When they arrived at the salon, they saw that the others were already there.

Wan Yu greeted them with an uncharacteristically warm and enthusiastic, "Good morning, girls. Did you sleep well?", this accompanied by a rather cryptic smile.

"Rather," Megan replied for the both of them. Meanwhile, Sarah was blushing a bright red, convinced that Wan Yu somehow knew she was wearing a diaper now. Megan gripped her hand even tighter and led her past Wan Yu.

The Eurasian beauty gave them an arched eyebrow and a knowing smile as they passed by, then murmured to herself, "So the tables have turned now, have they? Interesting..."

Cervin was pouring the coffee at the side table and little Erica was passing among them with a silver serving tray heaped high with warm rolls and muffins.

"Coffee, sir?" the butler asked as he extended the urn in the direction of Mao Tse.

"No, thank you. I would prefer a nice cup of hot chocolate, if it wouldn't be too much trouble," Mao replied.

"Hot chocolate, why yes, of course, sir," Cervin said with a stately nod to Erica, who set her tray of baked goods down on the side table. She then left the salon briefly; when she returned, she had a cup of steaming liquid on a smaller silver serving platter.

"Here you are, sir," the tiny housemaid said with a small curtsey. "Your hot chocolate..."

Mao took the cup and blew on it sharply to cool it a bit, then took a long loud slurp of its contents before smacking his lips. "AHHHH, delicious!"

Inspector Marlowe, PCSO Grant and Constable Dunstable were all clustered together in a group, Fergus having finally recovered his trousers and a bit of his composure from the previous evening's wetting incident. His partner and Inspector Marlowe seemed awfully chummy now for some reason, he noticed.

Firenda had quietly made her way over to Megan and Sarah once again, while Wan Yu and Mao were beginning yet another incomprehensible tech-speak marathon.

"Oh, my goodness, I had the strangest dream last night," the pretty brunette said softly in her lilting Irish brogue. "And the both of you were in it..."

Cervin was standing by the side table ready to offer a refill of coffee to anyone in the mood for it, and Erica was attending to Lady Daghly, who sat regally in an overstuffed armchair sipping her coffee with two fingers holding the handle of the cup, her little finger extended daintily out. The little housemaid seemed to be humming to herself softy once again.

Inspector Marlowe excused himself from the law and order group and made his way across the room to where Mao Tse and Wan Yu Gigg were standing.

"Pardon me, Mr. Undallingg. I wonder if I might have a moment of your time now?"

"Of course; I'm at your disposal, Inspector."

Wan Yu Gigg smilled, and said, "We'll continue this later, Mao Tse." She then walked over to where Lady Daghly was sitting.

"Erica, you may go make up the rooms now," Lady Daghly said imperiously, having made sure that the guests had been adequately provided for, with Cervin still remaining to take care of any further requests.

As Sarah heard this, she paled. Maybe no-one else would know when she finally peed her diaper, but it would be obvious to Erica that someone had wet the bed in her room.

Luckily, the little maid actually seemed to not be bothered at all whenever she had to clean up Megan's pee whenever it had happened before, so hopefully the wet bedclothes and mattress wouldn't be such a big deal to her either. In any case, there was nothing she could do about it now.

Megan smiled at her and whispered, "Don't you worry, sweetie, your secret is safe with her. We wetters always stick together." She discreetly patted Sarah's bottom, making her even more conscious of the diaper she was wearing.

Sarah blushed bright crimson at Megan's description of her, but it was true. She was a wetter now.

Meanwhile, the inspector was taking the opportunity to get to know Mao just a little better.

"Mr. Undallingg, what exactly do you do for the company?" Inspector Marlowe enquired.

"I am in the IT department." Mao replied.

"Yes, I knew that already... but what it is that you do, specifically?"

"Cyber security, data encryption, virus signature detection and the resultant anti-malware development … that sort of thing."

While the Inspector wasn't quite as much of a tech troglodyte as Constable Dunstable, he simply nodded his head. Although he still wasn't quite sure what all of that entailed precisely, he at least had some idea of the man's field of expertise and responsibilities now.

"So, in that capacity you must have access to all of the company records, yes?"

"Yes, in fact I do."

"A trusted employee, then. I suppose that goes without saying."

Mao only smiled in answer to this. His heavy-lidded eyes betrayed nothing as the inspector watched closely for any sign of unease.

"And had there been any unusual activity or recent threats to the company, or an attempted breach?"

"My dear Inspector, we are constantly under attack. Not a day goes by without some would-be amateur hacker or professional cyber-thief trying to gain access to our files, so we must be ever-vigilant." Mao smiled again. "It is my job to stay ahead of them all, using a combination of the absolute latest in state of the art technology, cunning, and above all, my ability to think as they do."

"That is quite a lot of responsibility, and a great deal of trust must be placed in you," Marlowe mused. "Please don't take this the wrong way, but It seems to me as if all anyone would need to do to breach company security would be to get to you somehow."

"Actually, that would be a correct assumption, but for one thing...."

In midsentence, Mao suddenly fell silent. He remained in the same position, leaning against the mantel of the fireplace with his cup of hot cocoa still in hand, but the Inspector watched as his eyes glazed over and he went stiff as a board.

"Mr. Undallingg?"

Marlowe looked at him closely. He then put his hand up to the face of the man standing before him. There was no breath coming from his nose or mouth, none at all.

Mao Tse was dead.

The inspector gestured for Dunstable and Grant to come over now.

"Probably poison in the hot chocolate," Marlowe said to them softly. "Undalling was the only one drinking that stuff; everyone else was having either coffee or tea."

"Well, I guess we can strike him off the suspects list," Dunstable muttered with his usual talent for stating the obvious.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

