Humiliation Game

Author: MrSmallman

*000*2014-01-08 19:17

Megan awoke and opened her eyes. She looked around the room, but the darkness consumed her vision. Where was she? The last thing she remembered was walking home from school, and she saw a vehicle approaching at a high velocity.

"Hello?" She inquired and heard a few muffled voices. Attempting to move her arm, she found it would only move around a foot before hitting something. Worry then swarmed her body.

"Hello?! ANYBODY?!" She screamed with deafening volume, unable to hear it travel. Light then struck her eyes so bright she had to turn away before observing. Horror hit her as she fainted.

As she regained consciousness, she didn't believe her eyes. Arranged in a circle were the hottest and cutest girls in her school, all restrained to metal tables with chains restraining their appendages and tape over their mouths. These tables were in a cold and clammy room, and it reaked of mildew. She further examined the other girls. Straight across from her was Caitlyn, a popular blonde who seemed friendly to every one. To Caitlyn's right was Mikayla, a brunette who was friendly, but only to people she came to know. Right of Mikayla was Nicole, Megan's also brunette best friend, and sports partner, they enjoyed playing basketball together. Left of Caitlyn was Shae, a tall black haired girl who seemed shy, but was nowhere near it. On Shae's left was Krissy who was a funny girl, and always had different hair colors. A voice boomed over an intercom ending Megan's examination.

"Hello, my valued guests, wonder why you're here?" Muffled screams and looks of terror and confusion swapped between the girls and directed at the origin of the voice.

"Allow me to explain. I have a bit of a problem, and you are here to help me solve it. As you may know, you all belong to the "popular" section as you call it. Well I've found out some of you have been humiliating others to the point of depression and suicide in school, and I find this sickening, so during this "game" per say, you will be humbled." The voice let out a subtle chuckle and the intercom clicked off. There was no telling the gender of it.

"What?" Megan thought. "I've never done that!". She was curious as what awaited them. A creaking sound emanated from behind Megan, with footsteps following. A figure appeared carrying a few gallons of water in its hands. He peeled of the taped covering Krissy' s mouth and poured water into it. She resisted, but eventually surcame and drank until he moved the jug from her lips. This process was repeated until ever girl except Megan had drank. The figure forced the jug in between Megan's lips and instead of resisting, she decided it would be best just to drink. The figure walked slowly to the door and left the room, leaving the girls puzzled, but glad to think they were wanted alive.

The girls waited, anxiously awaiting for anything to happen or take action. Megan felt pressure in her abdomen and knew she had to pee. She scanned the room to find that she was OBVIOUSLY not the only girl with this problem. Mikayla called out in need.

"I need to pee! Where's the bathroom?"

"I just simply have no clue what you are talking about." The intercom voice joked cruelly. Mikayla was the type who would yank down her pants and pee on the floor before wetting herself, but seeing as her hands were restrained, that wasn't going to happen. The voice returned. "However, the cameras are ready when you give in."

A petrified look consumed each of the girls faces. A camera? They would just have to hold and hope their captor would give in. Perspiration lined Mikayla's forehead. Megan looked at Mikayla's legs and saw them clenched and trembling in attempt to prevent pee from escaping. Mikayla was really fighting to keep her pants dry. She then looked over to Nicole, who was also squirming with a full bladder. In fact, other than Shae, who was rather calm, everyone, including Megan herself; was squirming, wiggling, clenched legs and jaws, to prevent wetting themselves.

"How is it? Dreading humiliation. Starting to feel what those kids you demeaned felt, huh?" The voice once again reminded the girls. Megan was still puzzled.

"I watched it, but never actually took part in it." Thought wasn't, however, helping her keep her bladder from popping. With a desperate to death face, Mikayla yelled.

"I've learned my lesson! Now let me go."

"I agree you can go, after you actually suffer, and not pretend to avoid humiliation." The voice replied.

Megan could hear several of the girls whimpering because it was not long until the would humiliatingly wet themselves on camera. Shae still looked calm, but her legs were clenched very tightly, giving away the fact she was also feeling the effects of the water. Megan watched as Mikayla violently moved and clenched in need of a bathroom. She could pick out a small wet spot on Mikayla's mint green jeans hiding underneath in the crotch. She glanced over at Caitlyn who was also squirming, but nowhere near the level of Mikayla. Her eyes then proceeded to fall upon Krissy who had her eyes closed, and legs tight together. Nicole and Shae seemed desperate, but still in a manageable manner. As for herself, she closed her legs to fight the pounding urge to pee, and hoped someone else would be the first to go.

"I'm so sorry, guys." Mikayla proceeded to confess to her bullying to "nobodies". With all eyes fixated on Mikayla, she twitched and jerked with all her might.

"I'm so stupid." Mikayla said as she grew still. The small wet patch on her green jeans split off into several directions as her jeans quickly darkened in between her thighs and then her legs. Urine dripped from the ankles of her pants and cascaded into her ankle high shoes. The flow was so strong there were visible streams on the outside of her mint green jeans. Slowly, the golden fluid came to an end as Mikayla hung in shame, mint green pants half darkened from pee. Tears dripped from Mikayla's face.

"What the use in prolonging our agony?" Krissy stated. She looked at her own crotch in her denim grey jeans and watched the urine pave its wet way down her tight pants. Streams shot their separate ways down her pants and like Mikayla's covered her thighs and legs in urine. She almost seemed proud that she wet herself on purpose versus pushing to her breaking point.

"Oh, well. That wasn't too bad." She remarked. Mikayla glared at her. At this point watching the relief of those two only increased the desperation of the remaining four. Megan thought she might be able to hold it the longest, but as her legs flailed, she knew she was done for. She felt her short denim shorts dampen as urine used her cyan blue panties as a gateway. The flow of hot pee running through her shorts and down her legs relaxed and tortured her at the same time. As she wore a pair of thick panties, some of the urine pooled in them and stayed. She quickly grew uncomfortable as the warmth of wetting herself yielded to the cool atmosphere of the room. She looked up as eyes were focused on here. She turned away, extremely humiliated, despite the fact everyone else was to suffer the same fate.

"Enjoying yourselves? See how it feels? I hope this will educate you well." This voice was an evil to the girls, but a virtue to the people it was defending.

"I know some of you weren't a direct culprit, but you watched and laughed as they suffered. Now you wish someone would intervene and save you. Another point I am attempting to make." The intercom, once again clicked off.

Megan, still in her peed in shorts, looked at the remaining three. Shae and Nicole were noticeably desperate, but Caitlyn would wet herself any second. She watched as Caitlyn squeezed her thighs tightly. When she looked closer, she could see a strap of her purple thong sticking up over the side of her pink sweat pants, probably a result of her squeezing her legs so tightly. Caitlyn had her jaw clenched and Megan watched as a squirt of urine streaked down the left side of Caitlyn's pants.

"Crap! Noooo!" Caitlyn's words were useless as her pink pants turned maroon due to the urine flooding into the fabric. The wetness from Caitlyn's pee stayed in between her legs and left a small stream on each side, but pee flowed into her shoes for what see to be almost a minute. "Yuck, this is disgusting!" Caitlyn said grossed out. "I haven't peed myself since I wet the bed when I was eight."

"Alright, time to accelerate this process." The voice quit as a man entered the room via the same creaking door. He walked over to Nicole and tickled her foot with a feather causing her to laugh and yell for a break. Pee marked a small area in her tan shorts. She moved violently as pee began to darken her shorts. Due to her flails, the pee was flowing backwards into her shorts and leaking out the butt of them. A steady stream poured out, and caused the man to stop tickling her. Megan observed as the crotch of her shorts was soaked, and the butt covered in pee was no longer visible. Nicole's face flushed when she realised what she'd done.

This left only Shae. The man looked at her and left, leaving everyone wondering why he didn't tickle her, but with one look at her, you could tell she didn't need any outside motivation. Her white jeans had no visible wetness, but that didn't last for long. Her crotch slowly grew wet, expanding in a circular shape as she pee herself. The wetness on her pants gave a translucent quality to them, and made her vibrant orange panties visible. Everyone watched as her pee flowed out her orange panties. She cried in embarrassment and stared at her wet pants and panties.

"Pay attention." The voice interrupted about 10 minutes after the final wetting. A man walked out holding a disc. "This is the recording of your absolutely humiliating accidents." They watched as the man set it on the ground, and stomped it into bits. Relief swarmed the girls faces, and was gone as quick as it was there. "You see, I don't need this, because the whole event was live streamed onto the internet. Now go home, bad things will result if you continue to act filthy towards others."

The magnetic locks on their restraints disengaged and they were free.

"Exit through the doors on your left." The sloshing sound of peed in shoes filled the room. As they opened the doors to the daylight, they were greeted by numerous peers they had humiliated before. There they stood, with wet and peed in clothing, in front of over half the student body.

"Remember me?" Said an older teen who spoke into a microphone. It was the voice on the intercom. "My sister and her friends were bullied by you to the point they had to take medicine to counter act depression. I think you got what you deserved."

Sorry for the length, I'm not a fan of long stories, but this was a fun write.

*002*2014-01-08 21:36

{{: 

Awesome story! I think it was the perfect length, not too short or too long. I'd love to see you do another fic, do you take requests?

}}

Sure! If it's a fanfiction, I may not have heard of it, but I'll do my best.

*005*2014-01-08 22:35

{{: 

No need to apologize. Fanfictions of this forum are supposed to be composed of at least several well-constructed paragraphs. I think this fanfic is a vast improvement over your other stories.

}}

Thanks. Any tips on how to improve?

P.s. I'm truly enjoying the Date Panic!

*007*2014-01-08 23:16

{{: 

An amazing story! A good length like what was said, and the message was nice as well as the attention to the actual wetting. Great job!

}}

Thanks.

{{: 

Ok then, what TV shows are you familiar with?

}}

If you make a list, I can point out the ones I am familiar with.

*010*2014-01-09 11:56

{{: 

Ok here's a list:

One Tree Hill

Friends

Still Standing

Yes Dear

Big Bang Theory

New Girl

How I Met Your Mother

Will And Grace

Roseanne

Sabrina The Teenage Witch

Rules Of Engagement

King Of Queens

Everybody Loves Raymond

Grounded For Life

Reba

Hope And Faith

8 Simple Rules

George Lopez

2 Broke Girls

Less Then Perfect

Hannah Montana

Lizzie McGuire

Even Stevens

}}

Definitely Big Bang Theory

George Lopez

Maybe Friends

Hannah Montana

Maybe How I Met Your Mother

Possibly Sabrina (I've seen like three times)

Maybe 2 Broke Girls

*012*2014-01-09 20:38

{{: 

Awesome! I've got a few ideas i'll PM to you.

Also a few other shows I forgot to mention:

That's So Raven

Good Luck Charlie

Victorious

How To Rock

@iCarly

Shake It Up

Whitney

Zoey 101

Wizards Of Waverly Place

Are you familiar with any of those?

}}

Many of them. Whitney is probably the least familiar.

