Wet Date

Author: Astolfosuki

*000*2013-05-22 03:09

My heart fluttered as I watch her face fill with excitement. I couldn't help but stare at her brown hair blowing in the soft breeze. Her tiny white hands waving over her head signaling me to come over. I couldn't help but smile, when I saw that full and joyful smile on her cute and beautiful face.

"Come on, let's see something else," She said breathlessly, clearly excited from all the shows and everything that she haven't seen before.

Before I could even reply, she grip my hand and start to pull me toward the exit. I didn't know or care where we were going. All that matters was that her tiny warm hands was holding tightly on to mine.

We walk the through the park, and watch a few more performances. With her next to my side I couldn't concentrate on the events other than just steal glances at her blushed face, filled with excitement. Each event, no matter how boring it was to me, seems like a new wave of excitement for her. When watching her joyful expression, I couldn't but feel like the luckiest alive.

We continue going through a few more events, until my stomach started to growl. That was when I know it was lunch time. "I'm kind of hungry, so do you want to go eat somewhere and then go to the next event?"

She slowly ponder over the option. There was sometime before the event we were hoping to see would start, and in that time we could visit a few more performances or eat lunch first. "Okay, I'm kind of hungry too." She replied in a cheerful voice. "But we eat somewhere close to the next event, because I don't want to be late to it."

"Of course, My Princess." With that we both started laughing. Once we recovered, we found a fast food restaurant that was close to the event we were hoping to see.

She order a sandwich with a large drink, me, on the other hand order fries and a small drink, because I know that she wouldn't be able to finish that sandwich. Once we sat down to eat, she ripped the sandwich in half and gave me half of the sandwich, and I shared my fries with her.

We chat and laugh as we eat our food. When we finish our food, she have drank the huge soda that she had order. I can clearly tell that she wants to visit the restroom before going to the next event, but people was already crowding around the stage and if we don't go now then we would never get a good spot.

She sat there a second more weighing her options. Then decided she can wait until after the event, "Come on, the event is starting." She told me, as I pick the trash.

The event wasn't too special for me, but all her attention was absorb into the performance. A few time I glance over at her and saw that her hands was buried into her light pink skirt, clearly she need to restroom.

About half way through with the performance, she started crossing her legs and fidgeting a little. Then soon escalated into dancing on the spot and jumping up and down a little. Luckily everyone was doing the same because the music was putting on the party mode and this didn't make her stand out.

Finally the event came to a conclusion and everyone was starting to file out of the event area. I was about to leave, when i realize, that she was crouching there was her hand dug deep into her skirt, holding her crotch tightly.

"Come on. We should go." I said softly.

"I'm sorry, I'm just a little tired." She said clearly too shy to say she needs to go.

I waited for her to recover her posture, and when she stood up, I took her hand pull her toward the exit. I remember that there was a restroom near the entrance, and if only we could make it there.

When we reach the entrance, I look at her brighten, yet blushed face. It had relief radiating from it. But it quickly turn a defeated look, when we saw the huge line in front the restroom. Her mouth drop open slightly, couldn't believing what she was seeing. Then suddenly she shoved her free hand under skirt and closed her eyes.

There was single lone tear that slide down her face. With that I pulled again, this I feel a soft resistance from her. But there wasn't much time until she totally floods herself. We got back on to the streets, and then I pulled her into the back alley.

"You can go here." I whisper softly.

She was clearly shocked, then look around at the bare alley with a few trash bins, and a few empty crates. Then she slowly nodded, "Please don't hate me for this..." She said through sobbing.

She slowly pulled up her skirt to reveal, her while and blue polka dotted panties. Near the crotch area there was a wet spot. She clearly had leaked earlier. Then her sobbing got more violent, and it happened.

Her pee gushed out of crotch, some fall down to the ground splattering, while some slowly snake her with powdery legs and soaking her pink socks. As the wet spot on her panties grew, so did the puddle that was surrounding her.

The splattering pee and the hissing that was coming from her, made me feel like I was the luckiest man alive again. I couldn't help but realize how cute her deeply blushed face, with tear streaks running them are. I couldn't help but stand there spell bound and just stare at her while she had her accident.

I was lucky that her eyes was closed tightly. Then like how it suddenly started, it stopped. Her panties were soaked yellow, and they were dripping wet. Also I was savoring those few moments of her accident before her pink skirt fall back in place to hide her shameful moments.

Slowly I approach her, and pulled her in an embrace. She rest her head on my shoulder and silently sob. I couldn't resist the urge to reach my hand up her skirt to and feel those wet panties. She tremble at first, and then stand very still as if not wanting to disturb this very important moment. Slowly I feel the warmth of the pee and the very soak panties.

That moment I knew what I want to protect, and what I"m willing to give up to protect it. Yet, at that moment I realize how lucky I was, but also how much of pervert I am.

