Life definitely IS strange - Page 2

Author: Ashlovesomo

*026*2024-02-08 16:33

Bringing this lil series back with another story! This time, I'm using my fave, Ryan, from LIS: True Colors (he's a hottie I can't help it 😂). Includes some masturbation, you might wanna skip at line "He giggled in between deep breaths"

Ryan packed a couple of bags into the back of his Range Rover, slamming the trunk shut.

"You gonna be okay out there for a couple of days?" Alex questioned. She worried about him, especially as he was out on his own without her to protect him.

"I'm sure I can handle it." He flashed her a tight lipped smile before bringing her in for a hug and kiss on the top of her head. Ryan marched to his car, climbing into the driver's seat through the already open door.

Alex waved him goodbye from the spot she was standing on, visible through the rear view mirror. It was tough on him to constantly leave his girlfriend behind but she'd be okay. It was his job as a ranger, after all.

An hour into his trip and Ryan felt a sudden jolt in his bladder, putting him in a state of worry. He fanned his thighs in and out for a little while as he stopped in front of a red light.

'Cmon, just another 2 hours and you'll be able to use the bathroom.' Ryan thought to himself as a hand slid to his upper thigh, his knuckles turning white from balling it into a fist. His dick twitched from the pressure as it squashed between his thighs, a bead of sweat lying above his eyebrow.

"Oooo gosh, never thought I'd need to take a leak this bad." He muttered to himself, his hand slowly sliding towards his crotch. His bladder was filling up more every second, giving Ryan a more challenging time. Whilst feeling slightly self conscious, he gave his thick cock a quick squeeze, giving him a little relief from the situation, although not a lot. Ryan was all out of ideas, his bladder was aching for a release, he could feel the piss escaping into his boxers droplet by droplet.

Sooner or later, his predicament had gotten to worse levels and Ryan found himself bouncing in his car seat, his legs pressed together without ever breaking apart, not even for a second.

"Ooohhh Lord, oh lord oh lord, this is bad." Ryan exclaimed through gritted teeth, wincing at the thought of pissing himself before he got to his destination. His left hand clenched the wheel as his right grabbed his member, squeezing it as tightly as he could. Before long, Ryan found himself looking in all directions just for a sign to tell him that services were nearby, but to no avail.

Suddenly, a singular stream jet out of his cock and into his underwear, making him gasp from the surprise. His hand squeezed his dick, squeezed and squeezed until it physically hurt. Ryan let out a groan and a whimper as his bladder began to give out. To his surprise, a small pull over area appeared in front of him, making him swerve into it with no hesitation.

Ryan turned off the engine and scrambled for his seatbelt, throwing his hands into his crotch and his head back, laughing and crying out.

"Ohhhh my god...wooo sweet Jesus!" As he gained composure on his leaking bladder, Ryan swung open his door and ran to the bushes that lined along the path. The piss slowly leaked into his underwear, giving him little time to unzip his jeans and let his cock loose. Ryan scrambled for the zip on his jeans but unfortunately for him, it jammed halfway down. At this point, his jeans were almost completely wet, so he threw down his jeans, whipped out his already pissing cock and let his stream lose on the grass.

Ryan let out a guttural moan, just relieved that it was all over and he could drive to his destination like normal.

"Wooo. Ohhh god. Oooo." He giggled in between deep breaths, his eyes wired shut from the pleasure that was so good, he had to blow some steam off. Ryan touched himself gently, pumping his cut dick with no shame. His hand slid up his shaft, a breath in. Sliding up and he breathed out. Before long, Ryan found himself in a cascade of pleasure, the ignorance to his wet jeans wasn't purposeful.

His climax arrived, sending ribbons of cum all over nature, his moans echoing around the open field behind him.

As he got back into his car with nothing but a jumper and boxers on, he realised that maybe he liked nature a little too much!

*028*2024-02-15 13:11

{{On 2/10/2024 at 1:19 AM, bangboom said:

Always love to see new stuff from you and especially male stuff 😳

That was really hot

}}

Thank you!

I always find writing male desperation more difficult for some reason but I'm glad to know it went well 😂

*030*2024-02-18 13:41

{{15 hours ago, bangboom said:

I love moments like these, where it's already going as he takes it out 😅😍

I have to wonder if Alex ever found out about this! 🥵

}}

I can only imagine 😫

Those bits are my fave, when theyre already peeing but haven't gotten their pants down/outta the way yet!

