Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 10

Author: omobecca

*182*2020-09-15 21:01

Watering The Cherry Blossom (Part 3)

Lula closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Her nostrils filled with the heavy, crisp air. She gently grunted as she exhaled. She slowly opened her eyes.

The dirt was dry beneath her feet as she made her way through the woods. She had only ever came this way once before; months ago back when the ‘Awesome Foursome’ went out to the fields last summer. Beams of sunlight pierced the trees like waypoints for Lula to follow. Branches creaked and bushes rustled. Every now and then Lula would flinch and gaze in a direction after hearing something scurry away.

She might not even show up. Things are fucked up. No school. Shops might close. We all have to stay indoors. Fuck… this is mad. Should we even be out? Nah… this might be the last time we get to meet up. Will Sakura be allowed out? Are her parents strict? Will other people be out here? Hmm.

Lula approached the split in the track. To the left, a less defined and bushier pathway. To the right, the actual, heavily eroded track commonly used by young people on bikes. When the girls went out together they would always go left. Left was more adventurous; more fun. Alone however, dense and somewhat scary. Lula hurriedly carried on to the right.

Fuck. Why’d she go that way?

Rosie leaned forwards and stood up, pulling twigs and leaves as she rose. She sighed. Trying not to make a sound she snapped a thick branch just within reach on her left. The sound of the snap cracked through the silent woods. Rosie immediately grabbed her prize and fell back into the bush.

*crack*

Lula halted.

Whatthefuckwasthat?

She stood like a deer in headlights for a moment before turning on the spot. Nothing. No one. She inhaled sharply.

Squirrel? Big… squirrel? Badger? Nah not during the day. Crazy axe murderer? Maybe…? Twat. You’re a twat. I’m a twat. No. Nononono. It was nothing.

Rosie peered through an opening in the leaves and saw Lula startled, but gaining enough confidence to slowly continue her walk.

Oh no you don’t.

She leant up slightly and threw her prize stick towards Lula before dropping to the floor once again.

*thud, thud, rustle*

This time Lula snapped her body round.

WHATTHEFUCKWASTHAT?

Her eyes were wide open scanning the ground. Her heartrate was increasing.

“Bitch!”

Lula’s eyes locked onto some bushes about fifteen meters away. She tilted her head.

“Bitch!” yelled the voice again.

“Fuck. You” Lula replied sternly.

Rosie fumbled back up and out of the bush, chuckling to herself.

Lula knelt down and picked up a handful of twigs and leaves and frantically hurled them towards Rosie. Some of the larger chunks of dirt bounced off her as she walked towards Lula.

“You’ve brought the bush with you” Lula pointed out.

“I will have you know…” Rosie began, lifting her nose up to Lula, “…that I shaved it this morning if you don’t mind”

“What… n… no? Look” Lula scoffed, pulling leaves from Rosie’s hair and off her shoulders. She was wearing a pretty, red floral dress which had a v-neck exposing some of her cleavage. The sleeves fell loosely over her shoulders. She was also wearing some clean, white trainers.

“You not cold?” Lula asked, looking down at Rosie’s exposed legs.

“Nah. Feel cute though” she admitted, twirling the dress.

“You look it”

Rosie hit Lula on the arm.

“What did I tell you about flirting?”

“Oh shut up”

They both giggled.

Both girls had bags with them. They had agreed to meet Sakura at the edge of the woods in a clearing with a view of the distant hills. The area itself was quite popular with people their age and allegedly would be used for end of year parties and such. If you found yourself alone there though it was quiet and scenic.

Lula pulled at her deep navy blue jumper. She loved it but hadn’t worn it for a while. She felt as if it showed off her curves quite well; not that she was ever too physically conscious. She had forgotten how long this walk was. Her thighs had began to feel sore from the gentle chafing of her black jeans.

“Does she even know where this place is?” asked Rosie.

“Well she said she lives in that new estate, no? That’s nearby…ish”

“Maybe then. I thought everyone knew about this spot”

“Yeah but she’s not been here as long has she?”

“Suppose not”

“Should we…?” Lula hesitated finishing the sentence as she took a few larger steps away from Rosie. Rosie lowered her eyebrows and looked at Lula perplexed.

“I… don’t have it you know? Neither do you”

“No I know but they said…”

“I’m not coughing. You’re not coughing. That tree’s not coughing”

“I know” Lula’s voice got quieter.

“Stop panicking. This’ll all blow over soon”

How is she always so confident? It’s like she knoowwss what’s going to happen all the time.

The girls reached the edge of the woods. The view ahead came into focus as they skylined themselves at the peak of the hill. Rolling fields of olive, emerald, pine, teal, and sea greens lay before them as they exited the treeline. To their left, an open grassy area with a few old fallen trees. The logs had been moved into an open circle surrounding a pile of ash, sticks, rocks, and whatever else had been thrown on over the years.

Lula closed her eyes and took a deep breath of fresh air. She smiled.

“Remember the last time we came here?” Rosie asked. Lula suddenly remembered Rosie was there too.

“Hmm?”

“You remember? The last time we were here?”

“Umm… yeah, Charlotte invited that, whatshisface…Don? Dom? Dominic?”

“Hehe, dommmmyyyyy”

“Christ, she hated that” Lula laughed.

“What a prick” Rosie huffed. Lula turned to her and winced.

“Charlotte or Dom?”

“Fuckin’ both” Rosie snarled. They both laughed in agreement.

The girls paced over to the fallen logs and both slumped their bags onto the trodden grass.

“There” Rosie pointed.

“What?”

“There” Rosie pointed again, nodding her head in the direction of her finger. Lula looked down between two closely positions logs.

“There’s nothing there?”

“Haha no. Last time we were here remember?”

“Not really? We all sat here?”

“We did”

“Okay… I don’t get it”

Rosie sighed and went and sat on the edge of one of the logs”

“I was sat here” she smiled. Lula shook her head in confusion.

“We had the fire going” she nodded towards the burnt out centrepiece, “it was getting dark and we said how good the view was” Lula still stood wide eyed and tilted her head.

“Charlotte and Dom were over there” she nodded to the log on the right, “you and Beth were here” she nodded to the log on her left, “who else was there, Dom’s mates, Jack and Olly? Over there” she nodded back to her right further away from the logs, “Demi, Juliet, Cassie? Maybe? Acting slutty for the boys? I could tell you hated being here”

“What’s your point? Also I didn’t hate it”

“I could see you would rather have been here without everyone else” Rosie shrugged, “anyway I was sat here and remember what I was wearing?”

Lula scrunched her face in further confusion.

“No… okay. Well, remember my blue skirt?” Rosie asked. Lula eventually nodded.

“I moved over like this” Rosie said, edging her backside across the log so her left cheek was no hovering over the edge, “waited for the right moment and did a little pee” she smiled.

“No way. You wouldn’t have done it in front of all of us?”

“None of you saw and fuck I was in agony it hurt so much”

“I don’t believe you”

“I had waited for it to get dark and for people to be too busy to notice. It obviously worked as you never saw” she laughed.

Lula looked down at the ground beneath Rosie and back up at her a few times.

“That can’t have been… did your skirt not get…? No. No I still don’t believe you, you wouldn’t have”

Rosie sighed. She lifted the back of her loose dress so it rested behind her and against the log. She opened her legs slightly and repositioned her feet, putting her weight on her left foot as she sat; her right cheek still sat on the log but her left hanging over the edge. She half smiled and let out a few huffs of air before a gentle and quiet trickle of pee dribbled down the side of the log and onto the grass below. Rosie opened her palms and smiled at Lula.

“See!”

Lula frantically looked around to make sure they were alone. They were. Still no Sakura.

“You really have been doing this for years haven’t you?” Lula asked. There was a slight patter sound as Rosie’s pee continued to wet the edge of the log. She shifted her weight a few times. Each time she moved a larger and faster leak escaped and dampened the dead wood. Rosie nodded to Lula with a faint ‘mmhmm’.

No less than half a minute later, Rosie shook her waist and lifted her skirt. Lula looked away.

“Nothing you’ve not seen before” Rosie joked, observing how wet her knickers had become.

“Yeah but… it’s just…”

“Bitch if you say embarrassing… we’re well past that”

“I suppose” Lula admitted, pulling her head from her hand.

Rosie gently wiped her fingers over the front of her knickers and, whilst Lula was turned, she slowly grinded her vagina against the wood; feeling it pull against the material of hew now wet, warm knickers. As Lula turned back around, Rosie forcibly squeezed out the last leak and let it spread over the material with a soft glow.

“My ass wet too?” Rosie asked, standing up and lifting the back of her dress.

Lula peered up. Rosie had already turned around and was exposing her bare legs and underwear. Her plain white knickers had turned see through at the gusset. Lula could make out that the material had creased with wetness.

“Well?” Rosie asked.

“You’re a bit see through” Lula admitted.

“Hmm. And my back?” she asked again, letting the dress fall back into place.

“Like you never did it”

“Ayyy, good!” Rosie said cheerfully.

“Why the fuck are you blushing?” Rosie asked.

“Dunno”

“To be fair this was one of the first times you’ve walked through that wood without doing it too”

“Yeah” Lula replied sounding guilty.

“Don’t suppose you’re going to do much in those” Rosie questioned, looking at Lula’s jeans.

“I didn’t think we were going to do anything. Can we not do anything without that?”

“You don’t have to but I’m dressed for ease” Rosie admitted.

A moment of silence fell between the girls. Lula turned back around to appreciate the view. She honestly hadn’t thought of peeing for a few hours. She had no idea Rosie was going to turn this outing into another wetting situation. She wanted to be annoyed.

Is this us now? Now I know, and she knows… about… each other? Are we just going to wet whenever we’re together? Do I have to dress for convenience too? What… surely not? We… I don’t have to do this every time we’re together. She’s been doing this a lot longer than me. But maybe Sakura likes it too? Are we just guessing that because she had one accident? What if she is? Damn. What are the odds? What if…

Lula caught movement in the corner of her eye. She snapped her head to the right to see Sakura shyly exiting the treeline. She was wearing a flowy, tiered black skirt which stopped just above her knees. She turned to face Lula and smiled. Her long, black hair was tied back in a single ponytail. Her rouge pink vest top sort of matched the cherry blossom flower in her hair. She raised her arm and waved. Lula brought her hand to her chest and gently wiggled her fingers, nodding slightly.

“Do you think she’s like us?” Rosie asked, walking into frame next to Lula.

“What, female?” Lula joked. Rosie nudged Lula.

“You know what I mean”

“I do”

“… And?”

“We’ll find out in time? Or… you know… we could all just be friends and not want to pee all the time?”

“Damn, Lule’s, you don’t need to stress out about it all. We can stop it if you want?”

“Stop what?”

“Stop you know, pee stuff”

“What…?”

“That’s a no then”

“Wait I didn’t… just… does everything we do now have to end in pissing ourselves?”

“Well no”

“Okay just making sure” Lula said reassured. She felt Rosie gently nudge her again.

“She might like it though” Rosie said quietly as Sakura approached with a grin across her face.

*187*2020-09-22 01:18

Watering The Cherry Blossom (Part 4)

“Hello” Sakura said cheerfully. Her long, black ponytail swayed gently in the breeze. She was smiling from ear to ear.

“Hey” replied Lula and Rosie together.

“I worried this was not the place. I thought I was lost”

“Nah we’re here” Rosie sighed.

“I’m sorry do you want me here?” Sakura asked, noticing the discomfort in Rosie’s voice. Rosie shifted her weight, desperate to scratch and pull the wet knickers clinging to her backside.

“What? Yeah. It’s fine. It’s… okay” she replied trying to sound encouraging. Lula rolled her eyes.

“We used to come here with our friends… other… old friends” Lula told Sakura, turning to look back at the logs but realising, actually, the scene was no more than a few fallen logs on a hillside.

“It is cute here”

“Heh, yeah I suppose. Out of the way though” Lula chuckled, looking back out to the open fields and noticing Rosie awkwardly shuffling her way back to the logs.

“What are we going to do then?” Sakura asked, pulling her skirt to her legs and resting down onto the log. Rosie was facing the opposite way with her hand up the bottom of her dress, pulling at the damp material of her underwear. She whipped her hand out and wiped her fingers through the material of the dress.

“Are you okay, Rosie?” Sakura asked.

“Yeah fine” she snapped back. Sakura looked concerned; peering at the bottom of Rosie’s dress then back up to her face.

“What?” Rosie snapped again.

“I think you are uncomfortable around me” Sakura admitted, “I think because the last time we were in the woods…”

“Well what about you? You said you did… that… on the chat, hmm?” Rosie asked antagonistically. Lula was keeping quiet with raised eyebrows, switching her gaze between Rosie and Sakura.

Sakura lowered her head almost shamefully before looking back up and admiring the view. Her legs were together and her hands softly holding one another on her lap.

“Yes” Sakura replied quietly.

“When we move here. Me. My family. It was a long car journey. I really need to pee after we leave because I did not pee before we left. I was in so much pain. My little sister found it very funny. I told my parents we needed to stop but not that I was needing to pee as they would be angry that I did not go before we left. About twenty minutes from stopping I could not hold it and…” Sakura stopped as if she had a lump in her throat. She took a deep breath. “… And I started to pee. I could not stop. I also started to cry. I pretend to be asleep so my sister could not see my tears. I had to keep holding and going pee a bit at a time but could not hold at all”

“What were you wearing?” Rosie interrupted.

“Dark blue pants. Comfy pants… jogs… joggers? Thick. Soft” Sakura tried to explain. “My ass was soaked and the so was the seat. I have never been so embarrassed. When we stop I could not leave the car or everyone would see so I pretend to be tired and ask Mama to buy me a drink to pretend I am thirsty. I wait on my own in the car but there was no way I could change. It was so wet and was getting cold”

“What did you do?” Lula asked. Both her and Rosie were sitting now and leaning forwards engrossed in the story.

~ Sakura’s parents and little sister returned to the car. Her sister hurriedly pulled the door open and leapt inside. She was cradling a McDonald’s Happy Meal in her arms and fries dangling from her mouth. The recognisable smell of grease filled Sakura’s nostrils.

“Here” offered Sakura’s Mum, handing her a bottle of Fanta Fruit Twist as she closed the passenger side door. Sakura couldn’t resist. It was her favourite. She leaned forwards, trying not to move the position of the hoodie covering her crotch, and took the bottle. She could feel the thick, wet material of her joggers stick to her backside as she moved. Sakura had lifted the waistband of the joggers when she was alone and noticed the front of her crotch was relatively dry. Her magenta knickers obviously darker starting from her peehole and between her legs. The outside of the joggers were only stained from between her legs. Every time she shifted her weight, even slightly, on the seat she could feel a few droplets of pee leak from where her joggers had absorbed a lot of it. Luckily however, she was often well hydrated and there was little to no smell. Well, either that or she had already gotten used to it.

After chugging most of her favourite drinks she secured it in the pouch behind her Mum’s seat. They were on the road again. Her sister was quietly munching away whilst watching some cartoon on the iPad. Sakura had no interest in her little sister’s cartoons. Knowing there was absolutely nothing she could do about her situation, she placed her Air Pods in her ears and opened TikTok. After about ten minutes of scrolling she could feel her eyes get heavy. She had started listening to the same video more than once. Despite her discomfort she was starting to doze off. She switched to Spotify and started a playlist of ambient music.

Sakura scrunched her eyes and lifted her backside slightly. She snapped her eyes open and took a sharp intake of breath. She forced herself not to flinch or sit bolt up right. She squeezed her pillow tight. Her thighs and backside were cold and soggy. She remembered what had happened earlier. She squeezed her thighs together and felt the damp material press against her skin. She felt her eyes well up again and her heart rate increased.

There was a slight patter of rain against the car windows. Sakura noticed the car wasn’t moving. She raised her upper body slightly, enough to see out of the windscreen. Traffic. A lot of traffic. The overhead signs on the motorway were flashing orange. She couldn’t make out what they were saying. She shifted her backside again. She could feel the need to pee. She was not in any pain but knew the need was there.

Sakura shuffled her backside some more, trying to alleviate the need to pee. She huffed. She wasn’t totally desperate but knew if she relaxed it would eventually come out. Why did that flavour drink have to be so nice?

The traffic was still almost at a standstill. The family car had moved no further than fifty meters in the last fifteen to twenty minutes. Sakura’s Dad was getting quietly stressed. She could tell by his finger tapping on the wheel and his gentle coughing and grunting he would do instead of swearing. She also started to consider her options. If she asked to stop again would her Dad do so? Probably not. He’s only get annoyed and she then realised her joggers were wet so she wouldn’t want to leave the car.

She checked her map app. They were still at least an hour away and that was assuming the road was clear. Could she wait until they got to the new house? Maybe. Well, only if they could get there within the hour. Sakura could feel her eyes fill again. Maybe it was inevitable? Maybe this was supposed to be an awful and soggy trip right from the word go. There was no way they’d be getting to the new house in the next hour. No, she wasn’t totally desperate but the need was there. Could she just…?

Sakura gave in. She’d made her mind up. She knew there was no alternative. She had already done it once so what difference would it make? She knew the only difference would be that the first time was an accident. This time was not. She breathed quicker for a few breaths then forced herself to slow down. With her eyes closed and her thighs slightly apart, Sakura stopped tensing her crotch and felt her bladder twitch. It was as if a newly formed bruise was moving around inside of her. She could feel something happening. Her natural response was to hold again. So she did. It seemed to much more scary and unnatural to do on purpose; almost as if she’d been taught her whole life not to. Who’d have thought it? She untensed again and moved her thighs apart once more.

The pee was right there ready to come out. Sakura pushed slightly. A warm dribble of pee shot into her damp knickers. A trickle of warmth tickled the skin leading down to her butt. That was it. That was enough. She relaxed again and started to wet herself again. This flow was less intense but more of a steady leak. The wet material began to resoak but didn’t seem to make much of a difference. She could feel the warmth pool at her backside before soaking into the seat below once more. The sensation tingled at her womanhood as she felt her vagina pulse. This is so wrong. This is so dirty. This is so disgusting. Yet… the relief was sensational. She could literally feel her bladder empty.

The tears stopped as Sakura eased into the wetting. She hated to think that she was getting used to this already, but the fear had disappeared. She knew she’d have to explain herself once they got to the new house. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity to maybe just get away with it. Screw it. She smiled slightly and let the pee finish. She sat completely still for several minutes after just to make sure no one had noticed. Of course they hadn’t. Sakura finally reached forwards and finished the rest of her drink.

She found it ironic she was drinking again already. She didn’t intend to wet again but what would it matter if she did? She gently tensed each butt cheek and moved around on the saturated seat. Was she enjoying it too much? She hated the idea of that. Surely everyone has an accident once in a while? Everyone…? Some people…? Hmm. No one…? Just her? She stopped moving around on the wet seat. She felt shameful. All the sensations stopped. She could fell her face burn from blushing. She was embarrassed of herself. This would have to be a secret. Hopefully no one would ever find out. ~

“Sorry that happened” Lula eventually said after a few seconds of silence. Sakura seemed genuinely upset.

“Sounds shitty” Rosie admitted, “how did your parents react when you got home?”

“It didn’t feel like home straight away” Sakura sniffed, “but no they were not happy. Papa ignored me for a while and thought I was a child but Mama helped me clean up”

Lula bounced over the log to Sakura and put an arm round her.

“It’s okay” she comforted her.

“Thank you” Sakura wiped her face, “but that is why when I saw… you… in the woods… I don’t feel as stupid?”

“What do you mean?” Rosie piped up.

“I wasn’t as embarrassed. I never thought I would see someone else have the same accident. I was almost... happy? Not that it happen to you but that I see it happen to someone else. I sound horrible for saying that”

“I… we understand” said Lula, shaking Sakura’s shoulder. Rosie scrunched her face and shook her head before submitting to a heartfelt nod.

Lula and Rosie shared a gaze for a second. Is she… should we… No. We can’t tell her about… us… what we like. We can’t. Not NOW anyway. Not this soon. Is Rosie about to say something? Should I? Do we just pretend the woods was an accident? Do we let Sakura think she’s weird? Do we let her feel like it’s only her? She might not even like it and we weird her out? Could we trust her with out secret? Damnnn.

Rosie shook her head slowly as if to tell Lula ‘no’. Lula shook her head also as if to agree. They both knew neither looked convincing though. Lula looked down at the mostly dried pee spot on the mud and log Rosie had made earlier. Rosie shook her head and mouthed ‘no’, ‘no’, ‘fuck off’, ‘no’.

Sakura raised her head somewhat confidently.

“What’s that way?” she asked. Both Lula and Rosie were confused at the sudden change of mood.

“Umm… fields?” Lula answered, looking beyond the edge of the hill.

“You’ve never been?” Sakura asked again.

“We’ve never really… no?”

“Can we go?”

Lula and Rosie glared at each other again. Rosie shrugged.

“I don’t know if it’s fenced o…” Lula was cut off.

“Fuck it” Rosie exclaimed, picking up her bag and flapping at her dress, “let’s go!”

Sakura bolted up and grinned, also patting down her skirt. Lula’s arm stuck in place for a while, comforting nothing, as Sakura jumped from the log. Lula clenched her fist, raised her forearm, and slowly brought her arm back in. She mouthed ‘fine then’ before picking up her bag and standing too.

“We might not get to do this again soon” Sakura claimed as the girls made their way to the edge of the hill again. There was a steeper drop in front of them. Lula suddenly realised how strange it was no one had ever fallen and hurt themselves while drunk.

“There?” Sakura pointed towards one of the bordering fields full of some tall crop.

“What about it?” Rosie asked.

“I’ve want to go” Sakura announced playfully.

“You seemed to have cheered up” Rosie admitted.

“I want to be happy, not sad” Sakura admitted, “I had never pee in my pants before but I did. I also have never played hide and seek in a field so can we do that?”

Lula and Rosie shared a gaze once again. Rosie giggled slightly.

“Hehe, sure” Rosie agreed, enjoying Sakura’s new spirit.

“I thought we were just gonna… eat food and chill?” Lula said concerned.

“It will be fun” Sakura said confidently as she began to make her way down the hill.

“Where’s this come from?” Lula asked Rosie.

“No idea. But she’s right… fuck it” Rosie replied before following Sakura. Lula sighed, still concerned. She could feel some anxiety bubbling about possibly trespassing in someone’s field. She really didn’t want to.

Am I really this boring? Just go? Stop being careful for once. She’s right. If we’re locking down then this could be the last time to be outside like this. Yeah… fuck it…? Stop being so careful for once?

Lula wiped her face with both hands and took a deep breath. She took a step forwards and also began to carefully make her way down the hill.

The girls regrouped, hardly out of breath, at the bottom of the hill by the fence. Sakura wobbled the wood before climbing onto the first plank. It held her weight. She smiled. As she raised her legs to mount the top plank and drop into the field, Lula caught a quick glimpse of her black underwear. She immediately looked away out of respect.

“You made it then?” Rosie joked.

“I don’t want to… but as you said… fuck it…” Lula replied hesitantly.

“Ayyyyyyyy” Rosie laughed before mounting the fence herself. She was more careful not to expose her underwear; possibly as she knew it was damp.

“Lula!”

Lula, sat on the top plank, carefully climbing over the fence, looked over to Sakura.

“You find us!” Sakura exclaimed before tugging at Rosie’s hand and disappearing into the dense crops. Rosie laughed and disappeared as well. The sound of rustling leaves and footsteps soon lessened and Lula was suddenly alone on top of the fence. Her heart began to pound.

What. Why? How big is the field even? What if I don’t find them? Am I just being too careful? What fi there’s a farmer? What if he… has a gun? Are they together? I can’t even shout as someone will know we’re here. This is so fucking stupid. I could just leave them? NO. I have to find them now. Uggghh.

Lula carefully stepped back onto the ground and faced the tall green crop that overwhelmed her in height. Each plant was easily just under two meters and you could only see a few meters ahead before the leaves blocked your view. There was a slight path where Sakura and Rosie had ran so Lula planned to follow the route. Hesitantly, and not very confidently, Lula brushed aside the plants and stepped into the unknown.

Two Flowers and a Thorn (Teaser)

Lula’s heart hammered against her chest as she ran. Leaves and thick stem splintered into her face as she frantically sprinted through the crops. She could feel her hair pulling and getting caught in the debris as she ran.

She drove her right foot into the ground and darted left. She spluttered as she caught her breath and spat out bits of plant. There was still deep voiced, maniacal shouting somewhere behind her. She wanted to cry but adrenaline was pumping through every ounce of her body. She darted left again and zig-zagged for a while before collapsing to the floor. She was panting and breathing heavily. Sweat was dripping from her forehead into the mud below. As she caught her breath she could feel the mud dampen the knees of her jeans. She didn’t dare think about the state of her Vans. She moaned in agony as she saw her blue jumper had been torn. She was trying her hardest not to cough or make too much noise.

Her heartbeat was loud and echoed in her ears. Her senses were on high alert. She whipped her head up from the ground and listened, mouth slightly open. Every twig, every rustle, every gust of wind caused Lula to flinch and snap her eyes in that direction. Sweat began pouring into her eyes.

Other than the sound of Lula catching her breath, it was silent.

*BCHOOM*

Lula jumped. Her heart skipped a beat. She whimpered. Birds flapped and rose out of the nearby crops. She could just make out two high pitched screams.

“…no…”

Without thinking. Without hesitation. Without any second thought… Lula rose to her feet and sprinted full pelt in the direction of the screams.

*191*2020-10-10 22:53

Two Flowers and a Thorn

Quiet. Besides the rustling of leaves and plants swaying in the draft, it was quiet.

Lula had expected to see, or at least certainly hear, Rosie and Sakura somewhere amongst the crops. She was horribly mistaken. She took a few more steps forward then turned. The fence was just visible behind a few meters worth of dense greenery. She inhaled deeply. She became nervous.

It’s fine. It’s fine. I’ll hear them soon. Or they’ll be hiding like Rosie did in the woods. Fuck. I hope they don’t. They wouldn’t run around surely? They know I’d see them. Fuck, they’re definitely hiding. Probably nearby? Hopefully nearby? Please be nearby.

Worried she’d lose her bearings, Lula took one last look at where the fence had been behind her and tried to walk in a straight line. She thought that if she got too scared she could just turn around and walk straight again. It was a big enough looking field from the top of the hill. Now she was in it… well.

Lula winced as each leaf brushed against her face. Her fingers twitched with each sensation. Her shoes sunk slightly as she stepped gently over the mud. It was soft beneath her feet but wet in some places too. Strangely, she thought she could smell vegetables. Fresh carrots, potatoes, and green beans specifically. The breeze was coming straight at her, dispersed slightly by the towering plants. If she raised her arms straight up, her hands would probably just peak above height of them. Lula stopped. She attempted to wail but all she could muster was a breathless whimper. She snorted for breath whilst trying not to be too loud. She could feel the blood drain from her face. She scurried backwards and squatted. Her eyes dampened.

When she eventually looked back up she realised it hadn’t even moved. She’d been lucky.

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fucking… fucking fuck. That’s… FUCK.

The thickest, blackest spider she’d ever seen was just chilling on it’s web, right in her path. Lula felt her legs gave way and she fell from her squat into the mud. She took a while to regain her breath.

One more step and… fuck. Fuck. No.

Lula tilted her head backwards and stared straight up. The overcast sky was visible through the tops of the plants. She could make out the clouds moving. Despite the massive fucking spider, she thought, this was a nice spot to just stop and think. As she began to calm however, she could feel the dampness of the mud beneath her start to press against her backside. Lula scrunched her nose and jumped up. She felt the back of her jeans only to realise they were now gritty and muddy. She sighed.

At least they’re black. Probably looks like I… huh. Ha. Funny. Ironic. I mean….

Lula stared at the spider as she slowly stood back up.

Here? I could… Rosie did up there… What no. Don’t be fucking stupid. Why would you even… THINK… of doing that now. It’s obviously a wet mark from sitting on the ground you dumb bitch don’t fucking piss now. Christ.

Lula shook the idea from her head before carefully making her way around the spider’s web. She paused again. She brought her left hand to her backside again and wiped away from of the dirt still stuck to her. She then touched the front of her jeans. The thought, however short, of wetting there and then had sparked a mood. She gently caressed at the denim between her legs before tensing her crotch and pulling away.

NoooOOooOOooooOo. Fuckoff. Not now.

~

“She is taking a long time”

“Shht. Well. Yeah she is”

“Should we go back?”

“No. No. She’ll come. It’s a big field remember”

“Yes. I suppose”

“This was your idea”

“Yes”

“Then what’s your problem?”

“I don’t know if you like me”

Rosie paused.

“W… why do you think that?” she asked, lowering her eyebrows and looking at Sakura.

“I don’t know you seem, like, angry with me? Maybe because I see you…”

“It’s okay” admitted Rosie, “I did… what you saw… I did… you did” she admitted again.

“It’s okay” Sakura encouraged.

“I didn’t think I could trust you before so yeah I probably was a bitch. Sorry”

“You are not. You both are not. I like you two. And I had accident as well so we are not that different” Sakura giggled. Rosie awkwardly joined in.

“This is exciting but I sort of need to go now”

“What?”

“Yes now” Sakura giggled again, “this is secret here but you are here too”

“I… don’t mind… if you need to go…?” Rosie stumbled over her words. She felt as if Sakura was getting very comfortable very quickly.

“I might… what would you do?” Sakura asked.

“What?”

“Like now. If you needed to go what would you do?”

Rosie stared at her blankly. She wondered if she should admit what she did before.

“I dunno. Depends whose… what I’m… if it’s easier to… what do you want me to say?”

“Well I wondered if it was a problem for you? Peeing? Because you seem angry again? That’s why I asked”

Rosie tightly squeezed the thick stem she was holding and tensed her lips.

“Maybe because you keep fucking asking me about it”

“Sorry” Sakura whimpered, looking back into the dense crop. Rosie sighed.

“Uhhh. Sorry. Look… Yes. Okay? I do… have a… problem. With… that” she begrudgingly admitted, scrunching her nose and looking away.

“Oh… y”

“HEY!”

They both froze. Rosie sharply held her breath. Silence.

Sakura quickly moved her right hand to grab the same thick stem as Rosie. Rosie felt it wobble but also Sakura’s hand grab beneath her pinky.

“I KNOW YOU’RE IN HERE!”

Sakura let out a quiet welp. Rosie moved her hand down the stem to cover Sakura’s.

“Shhhh” Rosie encouraged. Sakura slapped her free hand against her mouth. Silence again.

“WHERE ARE YOU!?”

Sakura’s face turned white and tears filled her eyes. Rosie leaned forwards and felt her bare knees press into the damp mud below.

“Shhh. Shhshhhshht” she said panicked, grabbing Sakura’s shoulder. Her head was bolt upright, scanning for movement. A few seconds passed before the silence was broken once again. Rosie’s gaze was broken as she peered down. As Sakura squatted in front of Rosie, and her skirt risen up by her knees, she could not only hear but see the stream of pee soak and fall from Sakura’s pastel yellow knickers.

~

What the fuck was that?

Lula’s whole body jumped and froze as she heard the voice in the distance. She could feel her heart rate begin to increase again. Her vision jumped from plant to plant and gap to gap between the stems. Nothing.

Who the fuck…?

“I KNOW YOU’RE IN HERE!”

She jumped again.

There? Over there? No. Gahhh.

It was hard to tell where the shouting was coming from. Was it at her? The others? None of them?

“WHERE ARE YOU!?”

Definitely in front somewhere. Fuck. I hope they haven’t…

Lula’s chest seemed to implode as she heard the rustling of leaves and heavy footsteps behind her. She spun around and could make out a figure emerging.

“Hey who are you?” the figure asked sternly. Lula shrieked and attempted to run but her legs wouldn’t move. She shifted her weight away from the figure in an attempt to run but instead just fell to the ground.

“I see you! What’re you doing here!?”

A bearded man angrily pushed aside some leaves as he stepped closer to Lula. Her fight or flight set in as she frantically pushed at the mud beneath her to scramble away.

“Hey!”

She kicked at the mud and pushed herself up.

“ROSIE!” she yelled as she began to run. She had no idea which way she was going but it was away from the man.

“AAAGH ROSIE!” she yelled again.

She’s not… fffhuh fffhuh… replying is she… fffhuh fffhuh… caught? No? Hiding? Fffhuh fffhuh fuck fuck fuck.

Lula’s heart hammered against her chest as she ran. Leaves and thick stem splintered into her face as she frantically sprinted through the crops. She could feel her hair pulling and getting caught in the debris as she ran.

She drove her right foot into the ground and darted left. She spluttered as she caught her breath and spat out bits of plant. There was still deep voiced, maniacal shouting somewhere behind her. She wanted to cry but adrenaline was pumping through every ounce of her body. She darted left again and zig-zagged for a while before collapsing to the floor. She was panting and breathing heavily. Sweat was dripping from her forehead into the mud below. As she caught her breath she could feel the mud dampen the knees of her jeans. She didn’t dare think about the state of her Vans. She moaned in agony as she saw her blue jumper had been torn. She was trying her hardest not to cough or make too much noise.

Her heartbeat was loud and echoed in her ears. Her senses were on high alert. She whipped her head up from the ground and listened, mouth slightly open. Every twig, every rustle, every gust of wind caused Lula to flinch and snap her gaze in that direction. Sweat began pouring into her eyes.

Other than the sound of Lula catching her breath, it was silent.

*BCHOOM*

Lula jumped. Her heart skipped a beat. She whimpered. Birds flapped and rose out of the nearby crops. She could just make out two high pitched screams.

“…no…”

Without thinking. Without hesitation. Without any second thought… Lula rose to her feet and sprinted full pelt in the direction of the screams.

~

Rosie and Sakura both screamed. Shards and splinters of plant, stem, and leaf rained down above them. Rosie instinctively leaped over Sakura. Her weight forced Sakura into the mud. As Sakura fell back, she felt her skirt dip into the soaking mud beneath her; only to be followed by her backside squelching into her own puddle. She whimpered.

Rosie could hear the flapping of birds as they flew out and rose above them.

“Come on we need to go” she encouraged Sakura.

“I… I…”

“Now!” Rosie ordered, lifting Sakura up out of the mud.

She could feel the heartbeat in her chest thump like seconds on a clock.

“I HEAR YOU!” yelled the voice again. Rosie yanked at Sakura’s hand and pulled her to her feet. Sakura felt the back of her skirt sag and then stick to her legs. Droplets made their way down the back of her calves. She started crying.

Rosie was adamant she had heard Lula’s voice somewhere in the distance. With Sakura on her feet, and a firm grip on her hand, Rosie took a few deep breaths before forcing her way through the leaves on her left. Rosie’s pull forced Sakura to fall into the plants and start running too.

~

*BCHOOM*

It would louder this time. Lula felt the blast like a shockwave pulse through her ears. Her whole body shivered as she let out another whine.

Fuckfuckfuckfuck.

Lula drove her feet into the mud. She grabbed the nearest stems and leaned forwards holding her weight. Her breathing was heavy but fast. She was totally out of breath.

I… I ca… I can’t. fffhuh ffffhuh fffhuh fffhuh. Fuck. I need to… fffhuh fffhuh fffhuh fffhuh. Uggggh.

Lula could feel her vision pulse as the adrenaline ran through her. She was battered, cut, and bruised. Her jumper has been torn and her jeans were covered in mud. She could feel bits of plant knotted in her hair. She sniffed hard and spluttered as she caught her breath.

What am I… I hope they’re… Fucking stupid… I can’t… They’re fucking… shooting….at us…

Lula let go of the plants and faced the floor. She rested her hands on her knees and spat into the ground. She huffed and let snot fall from her nose.

I can’t keep running. I can’t… I have to go back… I can’t go back.

Lula snapped her head up as a frantic rustling suddenly became louder in front of her. Panting got louder. Squelching of mud.

“Luu… Lula!” Rosie spluttered as she ran into Lula, letting go of Sakura’s hand and embracing her best friend. Both the girls were out of breath. The shock of Rosie’s sudden appearance caused Lula to tear up.

“Oh my god” Lula wailed as she hugged Rosie. They started to chuckle as they cried.

“What the fuck are we doing?” Lula asked, pulling away from Rosie and seeing she was in as bad a state as herself. Rosie didn’t respond. She shook her head, eyes red and squinting, sniffing. She extended her arm and grabbed Sakura again, pulling her into a group hug. Lula reached out and grabbed Sakura too. The three of them collapsed to the floor, crying and laughing in disbelief.

The seconds they had been reunited felt like forever. Lula hadn’t noticed a rain had started to pick up. The constant, heavy, patter of droplets could be heard on the leaves above them. They had all been sweating so much they hadn’t even realised.

“AHA!” yelled a nearby voice. All three girls raised their heads. A large figure made their way towards them. A large man in a dirty, maroon shirt and muddy, light blue jeans stepped out from between the plants in front of them. His hands and thick, peeling fingers grasped a long wooden shotgun. He was breathing heavily and rain was dripping down his wrinkled but greasy looking face.

“What the fuck… are you girls doing here?” he asked sternly.

“WHY the fuck are you shooting us!?” Rosie screamed, still curled up on the floor.

“You’re in my field you little shit” he growled.

Sakura whined as she turned around. The bearded man who had been following Lula emerged behind them.

“Oy think we have you girls surrounded we do” he chuckled.

“We’ll go!” Lula shouted, trying to stand up, “Let us go!”

The man with the shotgun laughed.

“I’ve shot people before” he said confidently. Lula felt a wave of pins and needles fall from her head to her toes. Her hands began to shake.

“Let us go!” she demanded, one knee leaning in the mud as she stood up.

There were a few seconds of silence. The rain kept falling, dripping onto everyone’s faces. The fat man raised the shotgun. The barrel was pointing directly at Lula. He growled and chuckled to himself. She could feel the torn material of her jumper get heavy with rain. Her breathing got shallow as she felt her face go cold. She clenched her fists but seemed to have no energy. Her hands were shaking violently. She felt a hand grab at her ankle but quickly let go. Her legs started to get warm. The man with the gun peered downwards and scoffed. Lula scrunched her face and tried to look tough. She was semi-aware of what was happening but genuinely had no control. She was petrified. Other than her jeans getting warmer, she could only feel the dribble of her pee as it escaped into her socks and shoes. She was already so physically worn out, this was the least of her worries.

The man lowered the shotgun and burst into a bellowing laughter. The bearded man behind the girls started a wheezy chuckle.

“She’s fucking pissing her pants she is” laughed the bearded man.

“Ohhhh shit. Fucking dirty bitch” howled the fat man. Lula could finally feel herself starting to cry. She was so pumped with fear that the pee was doing nothing for her. This was the first time she had ever peed out of fear. It seemed to last for ages. Not only did she have no control over the situation, but she now had none over herself. Her fear now turned into embarrassment. She felt the fierce look on her face drop. She felt worthless and broken. There was no point in stopping it. She let the pee continue into her muddy jeans.

“Get out. Of my. Field” ordered the fat man, “If I ever see you fucking kids again I’ll kill ya. Now fuck off pissy pants” he chuckled.

“Haa haa pissy pants” wheezed the bearded man.

The fat man rose the shotgun again and pointed it to the sky. With his free hand he held Lula’s cheeks between his thumb and fingers. His hand was rough and heavy. Lula flinched and raised her hands to grab his arm but he was too strong.

“Hey!” Rosie shouted as she stood up.

Lula struggled as she tried to escape the man’s grip. He forcibly squeezed her cheeks and shook her head. His smile was menacing. His eyes were piercing. In her panic, Lula was using all her energy fighting off his grip. She felt the last few streams escape into her saturated underwear as she struggled.

“Hmph” he muttered before letting go, pushing Lula’s face away. Her cheeks ached from where his fingers had gripped her. The bearded man pushed past Rosie and Sakura, who had both now shakily stood up. Sakura felt her skirt flick up as he lifted the material and let go. She wanted to react but was too scared. She went to yell but couldn’t make a sound. The two men continued to laugh as they confidently forced their way through the plants.

Lula, Rosie, and Sakura just stood there in the ever-increasing rain. Their hair was sodden and full of plants. Their clothes getting soaked, torn, and muddy. Rosie felt her dress cling to her dirty, bare legs. Sakura could feel her damp underwear tight against her skin. Lula’s accident was visible though. Her jeans were a shade darker from the rain but the insides of her legs were a midnight blue. They all stared as the two men disappeared in front of them.

*201*2020-12-14 04:29

A Leaky Lockdown

Thank you everyone for being patient. I’m sorry for being quiet for a while. Lots going on again. Thank you, again, for the support still. I reeaallyy appreciate the comments and feedback x3

Lula felt the weight of her duvet pull at her. She groaned as she lifted then placed her laptop beside her before taking a gulp of the drink beside her. Sighing, she shuffled back under her covers and replaced her laptop over her belly and thighs.

Pressing tightly against her ears, Lula reassured herself that both Airpods were still in place. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes, pulling at the toggles of her hoodie causing it to tighten around her face. Gently brushing over the keys she tapped the space bar. World In Flames by In This Moment began to play. She took another deep breath. She rested her hands on her chest and tightened her grip over the duvet.

The lockdown was starting to take it toll. Despite only having a small circle of close friends and not being the most sociable person in the world, being stuck at home was never as fun as she thought it would be. Sure, she messaged Rosie and Sakura every day; but she was struggling. She hadn’t yet admitted to anyone, but she was.

*And all I can see, Are these flames around me*

It had been five months since the first day of the lockdown… and the incident in the field. Five months of her bedroom, the kitchen, the bathroom, and the living room. She sometimes went out food shopping with her parents but easily became anxious with all the precautions in place. She realised she’d rather be anxious at home instead of anxious whilst out.

*And all I can think, Is I’m here alone*

Even her birthday had passed albeit uneventful. That upset her. She had received a doorstep conversation and air hug from Rosie, which made them both cry, and a thoughtful message from Sakura about appreciating their friendship. Now, at 16, she thought she’d be doing more and experiencing more. She didn’t know what, but thought life would be happening. She thought this year would have been exciting. As well as the newfound anxiousness, Lula realised she’d grown a stubborn temper and became frustrated at most things. Especially all the Zoom lessons.

*Please find me and save me*

*Bloopb*

Rosie: “You joining?”

Lula sighed and opened her eyes, lifting the top of the hood to her forehead.

Lula: “Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhh”

Rosie: “Agreed”

Lula: “If you insist”

Rosie: “I do”

Lula clicked off Spotify and switched to the Zoom call for her morning lesson. She opened Word as the call began to load. She winced slightly as the screen glowed up white with the empty page.

Rosie: “You keeping your hood up or…”

“Shit” Lula muttered, loosening the hood and pulling it off her head before running her fingers through her hair. She hated being on camera. Utterly despised it. She was constantly aware she was at home, he safe space, and tried not to show too much of this space to people she didn’t really know or like. This is why she always took the calls either laying or sat on her bed. She felt the whole process was too intrusive.

Fuck, I haven’t even done any make up or even had a shower. They’ll notice. They’ll definitely notice. Ugh.

Luckily, everyone was automatically muted as they joined each call. Only the teacher would speak to greet each student as they joined. The greeting would always be followed by an awkward wave and a forced smile. Everyone was free to turn their cameras off but eery teacher would immediately question the reason why, They all believed no camera meant no work. Not that they could easily prove the amount of notes being taken. Lula would rather lay down with her camera off and just listen to each ‘lesson’ with her eyes closed. Turns out not doing much was becoming exhausting.

Of course, Sakura was sat at her dining room table. She looked immaculate and clean. Even over a camera she seemed to exude delicacy and innocence. You could tell her screen was set up in such a way that there was space for a notebook in front of her. Rosie on the other hand, similar to Lula, was in her bed. Unlike Lula however, she was sat up and actually looked like she’d been up for a while and had at least showered.

Rosie: “You look like shit :)”

Lula: “You smell like shit”

Rosie: “Harsh”

Rosie: “Piss maybe… not shit”

Lula: “Har har”

Rosie: “Doing anything today?”

Lula: “This lesson”

Rosie: “No fucking way dipshit. You know what I mean”

Lula: “Probably not”

This was a lie.

Rosie: “Boring”

Lula: “Don’t have to do something everyday”

Rosie: “You literally have the house to yourself for most of the day you can do what you want”

Lula: “So?”

Rosie: “So you can get away with it!”

Lula: “Cba”

Rosie: “Boring. Tab back in switch to phones they can tell when the screen changes remember it shows on the brightness on our faces”

Lula: “Nerd”

Rosie: “Eat me”

Rosie was right. Both Lula’s parents were still going to work. This meant she had the house to herself from about 9am to 5pm at the earliest. Most days she used this time to indulge and wet at least once. She’d try something different each day: in the shower, over the toilet, on the tiled floor in the bathroom, curled up in the bath, behind the bushes in the garden, even a few times on the laminate kitchen floor. Only a few times had she prepared to imitate a bedwetting. Without any protection however, this always proved both difficult and daring. It also proved the most preparation as she’d use a load of towels then have to wash and try and dry them before anyone got home so not to arouse suspicion.

Today was one of those days. She hadn’t faked a bedwetting for a few weeks and was feeling the urge to go where she lay. She had already prepared by folding four towels beneath her. This had worked previously, just. Last time she did this she had been careless and moved around too much. She ended up laying on her side which caused her to wet her sheets and mattress beneath slightly. As well as washing the towels, she panicked the whole day trying to dry the melon sized wet patch that had soaked the side of her bed.

She believed this time though if she stayed on her back it’d pool around her butt instead of spreading too far. Despite being all set up, she had no intention to ‘do it’ until after the lesson. She was going to use the lesson to hold then attempt to nap and let it happen straight away afterwards. It was only 10am so she had more than enough time to clean up but also enjoy it for a while. However, she was already on her third drink of the morning. She could feel the urge building. Not badly, but enough to know you need to pee. She tensed her crotch and focussed again on the teacher’s presentation.

Rosie: “Well I would”

Lula: “Would what?”

Rosie: “If I had as much time alone as you do”

Lula: “You do… anyway?”

Rosie: “Yeah but more lol”

Lula: “Freak”

Rosie; “You and me both”

Lula: “Shut up”

Rosie: “Seriously though. Lockdown’s making me restless. Gotta release you know”

Rosie: “First thing I did when I woke up this morning. Then again in the shower in the same shorts ;)”

Lula: “You have your sheets though I don’t”

Rosie: “True”

Lula: “And you can get away with just doing it”

Rosie: “Also true even though my Mum keeps telling me I should try not to”

Rosie: “Here look”

Lula saw the picture appear that Rosie had taken earlier that morning. It showed her sat on her soaked bedsheet, looking down to her half crossed legs sat in her puddle. Lula pinched the screen and saw the glow of the creases in the material. She must have taken that literally straight away.

Lula: “Why you taking pictures now?”

Rosie: “Dunno. To show you lol”

Lula: “Why though”

Rosie: “Why not lol”

Lula was trying to act unphased at the picture but it only made her want to wet more. She had finally come to the conclusion she enjoyed the feeling wetting somewhere ‘real’. Like her bed for example. Somewhere natural, comfortable, and normal. Letting it go and not having had to go somewhere hidden to do it. She began to tense her calves and squeeze her thighs together. She couldn’t shake her legs though as it would show on her camera. Damn, I hate cameras.

Half an hour had passed. Lula had written some half assed notes on Word and had used most of her focus messaging Rosie, who had spent most of the time trying to convince Lula to wet more; unaware she in fact was. As the lesson went on, the position of Lula’s laptop was starting to press against her waist and bladder. She wasn’t totally desperate but was feeling the urge to go.

I could just go. No one would know. No one. Fuck no. I’m in a lesson. They’ll know. How will they know? They can’t see that. They can only see my face. Will my face show it? Ooghhh. The bed’s protected, I hope. I could let some out? Do it. Or don’t. Not yet. The moment the lesson finishes. But I could…

The sudden idea of letting some out whilst on the lesson made her tingle. She wasn’t sure though if out of excitement or anxiousness. Either way the bloat was starting to ache. She pulled a hand from her keyboard and padded at the towels beneath her. They still hadn’t moved. She ran the hand over the smoothness of her leggings and towards her crotch. Immediately she pulled her hand away and focussed back on the screen.

DON’T. Not on camera! Fucking stupid.

She was starting to get that feeling. Almost as if her body knew she was edging the pee; as if when the body knows it’s close to a toilet and suddenly you need to go straight away. She groaned and murmured to herself, shuffling her backside against the towels but careful not to shift them out of position. She could feel her face redden as she knew the hold was starting to turn her on. She tried to compose herself by taking another swig of her drink.

Act natural. Drink. Distract. Act like you’re not doing… this.

Lula exhaled deeply as she sat back into position with the laptop still resting above her bladder. The bottom of the laptop was starting to feel warm which didn’t help. Her mind was completely away from the lesson now. The teacher’s voice was just background noise. They still had about ten minutes left. Lula was pressing her thighs together so she could feel the pressure in her crotch. She didn’t dare move her hands down there at the fear of her face giving away what was going on. The need to go was increasing though. She realised that, over the past few weeks certainly, that her ability to hold had weakened. Lula knew this may be a good enough excuse to stop torturing her bladder so much but right now that wasn’t even an option. She was going through with this regardless. Sooner rather than later though it was beginning to seem.

Having been laying on the towels for over an hour now, she could feel her back starting to get warm and somewhat sweaty where she lay.

Just a bit? Not long left just let a bit out.

So she did. Slowly. Nervously… Lula looked at her screen and tried to act as natural as possible. The problem is with acing naturally is that you rarely look like nothing’s happening. Her eyes darted over each person’s screen in the call to see what they were doing. She had no idea where she appeared on each person’s screen though. There was no way of telling if anyone was looking at her. She could feel her cheeks warm up again as she relaxed enough to let the pee get to the point of release.

She began to tap excessively on the plastic of her laptop. At the same time, she tried to slow her breathing so not to let her camera move up and down too much. She didn’t dare move the laptop not as she didn’t want to rise anyone seeing what she was doing nor the towels. Whatever was going to happen would happen with her laptop on top of her with her knees up under her cover. Just over five minutes left. The teacher was evidently rounding up and encouraging people to ask questions. Lula would shake her head every so often to look as if she was participating.

As Lula picked her moment, she frantically checked each person’s camera. She felt as if looking at each person was like avoiding eye contact from another. She had to force her lips not to grin as she jolted when the first warm dribble of pee escaped. She felt it spread across her skin and the material of her underwear. The leak spread over the top of her crotch and towards the waistband of her leggings. The warmth of the spread felt the same as her dampening back due to the heat of the towels. Her mouth opened slightly as she let out a gentle, audible moan. Panicked, she raised her hand to her mouth to hide the moan and pretended to scratch her chin. Luckily, each person was muted until they needed to speak. She tensed her crotch as hard as she could. This caused a tickling feeling to rush from her vagina to her chest. She let out a giggle which she forced into a cough, still fake scratching her chin.

About another minute passed. Lula spent the whole time composing herself. The warmth had turned to dampness that she could feel cling to her. That was only from one leak though.

Ugh. Fuck.

She had another look at each of the cameras and decided, semi certainly, that no one was looking at her. She tensed again. As the tickling feeling rushed up her body she relaxed and felt another wave spread across the dampened materials clinging to her crotch and backside. Her head instinctively arched backwards. She held tight and stopped the flow, closing her eyes and moving a hand to her hair to pretend she was stretching. With her head leaning backwards, she took a few deep breaths. Her mouth was wide open.

Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck.

She forced her moans into a pretend yawn before rubbing the hand down her face and looking back towards the screen.

“Well, Lula?”

Lula flinched as her heart instantly pounded in her chest.

“What?!” she asked hurriedly.

“Am I keeping you awake?” asked the teacher jokingly. She hadn’t prepared herself for any talking. How long had the teacher turned her mic on for?

Fucking fuck.

“W…What I…I” she stammered with nervousness. She could feel herself throbbing. She didn’t need to be talking to anyone right now. Certainly not the teacher with everyone now fixed on her screen.

“I… yes, Sir” she joked, letting out an awkward chuckle. The teacher scrunched his face and nodded.

“That’s fair, Lula. That’s fair. I know we’re all getting tired of this now” he agreed comically.

“No offense, Sir” she carried on, still trying to act natural even though she could feel a full wave of pee trying to force its way out of her. Her face war burning too which didn’t help. Nor did the erratic breathing.

“None taken. My advice though, don’t make it so obvious we’re boring you, okay?”

Lula let out a nervous laugh and purposefully muted herself again. She immediately allowed herself to breath heavily again. She could feel her chest raise at least an inch with each breath.

Now wincing, Lula was feeling the pain. She knew that the moment she relaxed it would come. She squeezed her thighs together even tighter and continued to tense her crotch. She gently shifted her backside against the towels. She could feel the dampness of her last leak against her knickers on each cheek. It had already spread more than she thought. The teacher shared his screen one more time.

Fuck sake, really? Come on!

As he showed the homework he had set a week ago, and the work he was setting now, Lula quickly realised that everyone could only see his screen. She instantly exhaled and let go. The jet of pee shot from within her and saturated her knickers and the crotch of her leggings. She felt the pressure push against the materials and leak straight down between her butt cheeks. The puddle forming beneath her was warm but being conveniently absorbed into the towels. Lula knew hew face wouldn’t and couldn’t hide any expressions.

She pulled at the toggles again and tightened the hoodie over her face. With the teacher’s voice still droning in her ears, she closed her eyes and continued to wet the bed. As she controlled her heavy breathing she felt a slight increase in pressure as she breathed out which caused slightly more pee to release. She lowered her legs slightly causing her camera to now only show the face, wall, and ceiling behind her. This allowed the bottom of her thighs to soak against the towels.

“So, any questions?”

Stunned silence. Lula snapped her eyes open”

“I see how it is” the teacher laughed, “See you all next time then”

As each student began their awkward waves goodbye, some, including Lula, went straight for the button to leave the call. She frantically tapped at the button and heard the *bloop* of her leaving the call. She folded her laptop and placed it beside her. She suddenly let out a loud moan. Her back arched as she flattened her legs to the bed. With her thighs together, she felt the pee pool between her legs and trickle between them towards her knees. She quickly opened up and felt the pee spread and soak the inner thighs of her leggings.

With most of the pee now in the towels beneath her, Lula felt around for the hairbrush she’d tactically left near her earlier. She grabbed it and placed the hard, plastic handle against her leggings. She pushed and forced out a quick burst of pee. She forced the handle towards her, between her labia and towards her clitoris. She felt the pee spread either side of the handle and against her hand.

She moaned again. Her throat went dry as it had been open for so long. All that was left was a small stream which leaked against her skin towards her butt. The sodden material of her knickers and leggings clung and released pee as she forced the handle against herself. She arched her back once more and with a final thrust of the hairbrush against her ladyhood she felt a euphoric rush implode from her crotch and scatter throughout her body. Pins and needles rushed within her and seemed to prick her skin from her belly to her toes and fingers. Her moans turned to single laughs as she calmed down and laid there breathing heavily.

Even though she had finished peeing, Lula felt a heavy pulsing from her crotch. She dropped the hairbrush between her legs, making sure for it to only fall onto the towels. She wiped her hands against the outside of her leggings where they were still dry. As she came down from the climax she opened her phone and shakily scrolled through Facebook. Full of excitement still, she was adamant she’d set an alarm before she started the lesson; as with every online lesson so far she’s take a quick nap because… why not?

Having brought her breathing to a normal rate, she clicked her phone off and closed her eyes. The pulsing had softened and the pins and needles had subsided. She loved how it felt but hated that it was the only way to make her feel great throughout the lockdown. She prepared herself for what was to come. After every high is a low and she knew the low would return. To avoid the transition in feeling, and to commit to her post lesson naps, she reopened her phone, switched on Spotify, and set her playlist off again. The upbeat into to If You’re Too Shy by The 1975 beat against her ears as she closed her eyes.

*I see her online all the time, I’m trying not to stare down there…*

*…While she talks… tough time…*

