Zero Suit Desperation

Author: Moki

*000*2014-12-11 21:47

This is a story centered around the character "Samus Aran" during and after the big battle with Mother Brain for the first time. This is my first time doing a female desperation story so uh, just let me know what you think and whether or not I should make more! Might just make a sequel if you like it. Part 1 focuses around the actual situation/fight. Part 2 will be the first part with the actual desperation. Part 3? Oh, you'll see. Until then, enjoy!

###

PART 1:

Clank clank clank clank!

The heavy sound of very hard, metallic footsteps smashing off a hard flood was audible, a moving suit of armor charging straight down a corridor full of flying projectiles, all circular and glowing from the heat they possessed. It was a dangerous place for anyone to wander!

Dashing, the figure however made nothing of the projectiles, and disposed of them easily, destroying them with a torrent of blue beams. They almost seemed godly. Was it human? The answer was yes.

The suit in which they wore was magnificent; a very bright orange and pale yellow around the waist and lower chest. Red for the upper chest area and helmet. The visor had a very bright, green glow, and there was also a small, single light on the left of the main chestplate. Needless to say, they looked like a walking TANK, and the output of explosive and deadly weapons seemed to be almost too far.

However, the figure immediately halted, right on the side of a green coloured door, taking a deep breath. The projectiles had stopped firing entirely, but she was stopped. Why?

This is it. The figure glanced around. Mother Brain is on the other side of this door. I can't have ANY distractions. Any mistake could be fatal. The figure took a step back from the door, and took a deep breath, pointing the big arm cannon on it's right arm right at the door. As soon as I fire... I rush in and get this over with quickly. I'm coming for you Mother Brain!

((

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/LcFf0eEycuM?feature=oembed" ))

The sound of a brief whir was heard, as suddenly the arm cannon slightly shifted, changing form, a green missile head poking out, and suddenly propelling forward at the door. Immediately, it smashed against the door, and instantaneously, as soon as it hit, blew the door right open, and the wall, sending a giant fiery torrent through the room ahead and a wall of smoke. All attention was now on the figure, as they charged right into the room, missiles flying everywhere and completely demolishing the last barriers in the way between it and IT...

Ever since this one was a child, they hated the Space Pirates. With a burning hatred of a thousand suns. Because of the Space Pirates, this one became an orphan. Raised by Chozos. And now they were going to pay with the death of their main system going down!

Samus Aran. Space Warrior. Intergalactic Bounty Hunter. The female, yes, female, charged straight down the corridor in the suit of armour, through the chamber and straight through tight gaps using the condensed Morph Ball technology which made her a 1 meter sphere. Finally, she made a big leap, grabbing onto an edge high up. She pulled herself up, rolled into the Morph Ball and allowed herself to drop. Uncurling in the air and landing with a near perfect balance, Samus glared right at the tank before her. The room was hot, lava below was going to make this very risky. While Samus could survive it for a little bit in the suit, it'd be best to avoid it. Projectiles were still also an issue, but not as much of an issue as what lay right in front of the bounty hunter's eyes:

Mother Brain.

Getting into position, Samus wasted no time. She immediately fired a Super Missile at the glass containing the beast.

To be continued

Once again, sorry for the lack of desperation in this part! I'll be adding much more detail soon, just rewriting a lot of stuff to make it more exciting. And trying to keep Samus badass at the same time, so be patient! ^^

*001*2014-12-11 22:44

PART 2:

(This is through what I had typed on mu phone so apologies for any awkwardness!)

Samus wasn't one to wait at all: There was much too much getting thrown at her at once, too much destruction and too little time for her to linger about in such a deadly place. She immediately blasted the glass open with a green missile, an explosion even bigger than all of the others combined shook the entire room sending off glass shards and smoke. When the smoke cleared, the AI was staring right at Samus, and immediately launched a beam which could tear through the strongest metal right in her direction. Immediately, Samus leapt over it; diving to the side and launching another missile at the right time, impacting the eye directly. Mother Brain gave a scream of pain almost, and closed its eye, charging another beam to fire.

Samus however was still leaping, and almost regretted that choice, quickly clawing into the metal edge, hanging on firmly and dangling, feet down. The lava bubbled below, and she quickly noticed the barrage of projectiles heading her way. She pulled herself up, and quickly flipped into the air, activating a lightning aura around the female, destroying all of the projectiles in a flash.

She landed firmly on the ground once again, and looked up, before wincing slightly. A sudden nudge; The thing she'd ignored. Paid no attention to. Held off, the entire time she was on Zebes. The bathroom.

She had to pee, and pretty badly.

Crossing her legs slightly inwards, she suddenly snapped to reality, seeing a huge beam flying towards her. Just in time. She leapt over it, landing perfectly again, glaring at Mother Brain. She wasn't one to like peeing herself, but she'd rather have an accident than die here. Though, she still held it.

Though it was an even bigger race against time now. She had to beat Mother Brain quickly!

Immediately she went mad with missiles, firing a barrage of missiles right at the artificial intelligence that was Mother Brain. Dodging the giant beam. Taking care of projectiles. Avoiding falling into lava. Rinse and repeat. After a minute or so of intense focus, Samus yelled and fired a Super Missile right at the eye again. Suddenly every projectile in the room stopped. Vanished.

Samus gave a slight gasp. She'd done it, and she could get back to her ship easily.

...If only it were that easy.

((

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VDi8kBmESxs?feature=oembed" ))

Alarms suddenly blared rapidly, the entire facility area shaking and going up in flames.

"SELF DESTRUCT MECHANISM ACTIVATED! 1 MINUTE UNTIL DETONATION." Blared a voice in Space Pirate language, which the suit translated FOR Samus. Her eyes went wide, and she made a break for it, quickly leaping over Mother Brain's tank, and running as fast as she could. Her body glowed red as she built up speed like crazy, before looking up. She crouched, which intensified her need to pee even more, which was starting to burn her mind more and more, occupying it, taking it over. Immediately after however she stood up, pulsing red before leaping into the air. To save time, she used a very dangerous and tough to use technique; the Shinespark. Launching upwards incredibly fast, she built up more and more speed, smashing through the platforms, right up to the wall at the very top in which she impacted quite hard.

"30 SECONDS UNTIL DETONATION."

She had no time to worry about her bladder, and quickly told herself she could pee when she got off the planet. Climbing right into the elevator and pressing the button to start it, it went up, quite slowly too. She danced gently on the spot, in both desperation and fear. The clock was ticking and the elevator was slow.

"10 SECONDS UNTIL DETONATION." Samus quickly made a break for it. There was no time to waste.

"9." She charged on ahead, breaking through rocky walls using her arm cannon and reducing them to nothing.

"8. 7. 6." Her ship was so close, just a little further!

"5. 4." She got right into the ship, immediately kicked the engine on, and took flight, squirming in her seat.

"3. 2. 1."

The hunter gunship just barely left the planet and suddenly the entirety of Crateria went up in a giant ball of fire below.

Samus gasped, she was about to explode, before quickly removing her armour piece by piece, stripping down to her Zero Suit, pulling the zip down and quickly squatting down over a small toilet. She immediately started to pee, spraying urine fresh from her bladder right into the toilet, giving a loud sigh, until suddenly she noticed something.

"Sh-" She quickly stopped squatting, the stream still going for a little bit as she ran for her cockpit, leaving a trail behind her. She sat down, her vagina and rear still out from the attempted relief, though she had bigger problems!

Space Pirates!

There were five ships surrounding her and she immediately went full speed to escape, narrowly avoiding fire. Though Samus knew she couldn't forever. She winced hard, her bladder still aching for release, and she quickly got up, getting her emergency pistol, zipping up the crotch of her zero suit properly and making a dash for the exit. She leapt right out of the ship, down to the planet below at the right moment. Her limbs were strong enough to take the fall, and the Space Pirates had no idea she left her ship. A large laser suddenly penetrated it above, as it fell out of the sky and set alight, crashing down hard, followed by Space Pirate ships.

Landing hard, Samus immediately jammed her hand into her crotch. She trembled slightly from being so desperate, the pressure down there was only building. "Of all times I need to go, now?!" She was infuriated. Though she couldn't spend anymore time lurking. She had to go in. The only way to get out of that hell was to go in there and take a ship. She couldn't dwindle either. The Space Pirates were most likely looking for her so she couldn't take a whiz here, that was too close on her ship. She'd have to toughen up as usual and hold it.

She cocked her emergency pistol and headed for the front entrance, her run being slow and awkward, hand still jammed into her crotch. She regained her composure and went to the ramp, looking up, before looking down.

A vent.

She quickly got down on all fours, her bladder spazzing a little, her urethera dribbling slightly into her bottoms, hand immediately slamming into her pussy tightly to stop herself from peeing, as she slithered through the vents quietly. She could hear Space Pirates above literally talking about heading out to look for the pilot that moment. Wise thinking, Samus.

Finally she got out of the vents, and looked around. It seemed to be a map room. Naturally she'd have peed here too, but she was too on edge: she stood NO chance against the Space Pirates like that, and if she was caught mid-whizz or traced by her pee? No good. She sucked it up, and sighed.

This was going to be painful.

To be continued

I'LL EDIT THIS TO BE EASIER TO RESD SOON SORRY MY PHONE HATES LIFE. >_<;

