The Bladder Sprite - Page 2

Author: Lilia

*026*2014-09-25 23:26

I've kind of lost interest in writing this story, so don't expect to see any more. I might write other stuff in the future.

*032*2015-12-30 20:13

Almost a year later, my muse is back, so I decided I'd continue this story! Sorry for the letdown when I stopped before, unfortunately my urge to write is really fickle. But hey, enjoy the new chapter!

______

The next morning, Colette awoke to the warm sunlight shining in through the old glass window, the smell of salt in the air, the sounds of seabirds calling and the busy townspeople, and a strange wetness surrounding her. She sat up in bed, and quickly realized that she was sitting in a huge puddle of her own urine. Throwing off her blanket, she stood up. Her silk nightdress was sopping wet, and clung to her skin, and the bedsheets were soaked and stained. Her first thought was utter shame and horror - she hadn't wet the bed since she was a little girl, and couldn't believe she'd done it now. A few seconds later, she remembered Hxia, and realized that the pesky sprite must have gone to the bathroom without waking her up. Her eyes narrowed angrily, and she went into the bathroom to confront her, except Hxia wasn't there.

Colette heard a little yawn from behind her, and turned around to see that Hxia was in fact still asleep in bed. She stepped over to the other girl and pulled off the bedsheets, and sure enough, the sprite was also soaked to the skin in pee. It was obvious that she was the one responsible, since Colette would never do something as childish as wetting the bed. Of course, due to their unfortunate predicament, if Hxia had a bedwetting problem, then she would be forced to live with it too. Groaning in frustration, the sorceress nudged the sprite awake.

"Hey, Hxia, get up. You made a mess of yourself, and by extension, me."

Hxia rolled over and slowly opened her eyes, seeming somewhat confused.

"Wha...?"

"You wet yourself, and you made me do it too. Just look!"

Hxia sat up and gazed down at her soaked form, and turned as red as a tomato as she glared at Colette. "I DID NOT!" she exclaimed. "You're just blaming it on me because you think you're so much better than me! I've never done this in my entire life, except that time when you made me! How dare you accuse me of having no control over myself! I'll have you know-"

"Okay, okay, okay." Colette interrupted. "I'm sorry, I take full responsibility, just stop whining. Let's just calm down and get ourselves changed."

At that point, there came a knock on the door. "Excuse me! I've got a message for Lady Arshiel!"

Colette and Hxia exchanged a quick glance. Both girls were dripping with their own urine, and answering the door wasn't something either of them wanted to do in their current state.

"Lady Arshiel?"

"C-coming!"

Colette rushed to her pack and threw on a long coat, which almost covered her nightgown and made the fact that she had wet herself mostly unnoticeable. Hopefully, the messenger wouldn't notice. She flung open the door, putting on a hasty smile. "Hello, sorry!" she exclaimed. "You said you had a message?"

"Yes, milady, from the Duke."

Colette's eyes widened. The Duke of Seagate was a busy man. It wasn't every day you got contacted by the leader of a town. "From the Duke?" she asked again in surprise.

"Yes, milord requests your presence at a banquet this evening, as a means of rewarding your skillfull capture of the wanted thief Gregar Claine. He would be honored should you choose to attend."

Colette remembered the man who had attempted to rob her, and the bewildered look on his face when she had encased him from head to toe in magical ice. "Of course." she answered. "Tell the Duke I'll be there, and offer him my many thanks."

The messenger nodded briefly, bowed, and then shut the door. As soon as it clicked into place, Hxia burst into excited squeals and began dancing around the room. "A banquet, a banquet!" she cried gleefully. "Good food, good food! I'm so excited!" She rushed forward and wrapped her arms around Colette, happily bouncing up and down.

"Hey, stop, you're still wet, and you're going to ruin my coat, too!" the mage said, pushing the sprite away. "Give me your clothes, I'll have to wash them again if you want to go out anywhere tonight."

###

Later that evening, Colette, dressed in the fanciest gown she had in her possession, and Hxia, clad as usual in her amber dress, arrived at Seagate Castle. Important folk from all around had gathered in the main hall, lining up to enter the dining hall. The wonderful aroma of expensive food drifted through the air, and Colette actually had to tell Hxia to stop salivating all over herself. Colette was used to this kind of thing; she came from a noble family and was often required to attend royal parties for political reasons. At least this time, she was invited for her heroism.

As she approached the entrance to the dining hall, she was stopped by a guard, who quickly found her name on a list, and allowed her entry. Hxia, however, was met with much more suspicion.

"Who are you? You don't look like a guest."

"T-that's... my... s-sister!" Colette hurriedly came up with. At no point had she assumed that Hxia would be refused entry, and suddenly, she feared that they would be separated. If Hxia wasn't allowed to wait just outside the door, then the consequences would be absolutely disastrous for the both of them. The little sprite's expression mirrored Colette's, clearly she was thinking the same thing.

"I see. Unfortunately, she will have to wait outside. The Duke wishes to maintain a careful control of his company, and bratty children do not make for ideal banquet guests."

"Who are you calling bratty, you pretentious pile of dung!?" Hxia exclaimed indignantly, looking about ready to punch the guard. Colette had to restrain her. "Well, if she must." she said. "Dear sister, be good and wait outside, and don't get up to any mischief while I'm gone, alright?"

Colette was beginning to hold up the guests, so she hurriedly disappeared into the banquet hall as the sprite watched with a defeated expression. Oh, she had a terrible, terrible feeling about this.

###

Hxia was miserable. The little bladder sprite sat slumped against the wall, idly playing with her fingers. The banquet had begun twenty minutes ago, and she was hungry, bored out of her mind, and had to pee slightly, and had no way of asking Colette's permission, since the sorceress was having so much fun eating her exquisite meal with the pompous aristocracy. Oh, how she longed to be in there, surrounded by delectable food and drink...

Drink. The wine must have been good, because Colette was evidently having a lot of it. She could feel herself becoming fuller as the minutes passed. She couldn't ignore it now, she needed a bit of relief. Colette, having fun, probably wouldn't notice such a need, but Hxia had nothing else to occupy her mind with, and was shifting uncomfortably. She was tempted to just go to the privy on the other side of the room and have a quick pee, and vent her frustration by humiliating Colette in front of the Duke's ensemble, but something stopped her.

It wasn't common decency, no, normally Hxia would have loved nothing more than to humiliate Colette in this sort of situation. No, the reason she wasn't going was because... she kind of liked it.

Mentally admitting that made her feel kind of weird. What kind of gross weirdo liked holding in their pee?

...She did, apparently. She looked down, lifted up her dress slightly, and placed a hand on her belly, over her bladder, feeling how hard and sensitive it was. She shuddered a little. For some reason, having to go made her feel a little shaky and excited, especially knowing that Colette had to go too. Her hand moved down, gliding over her panties. To her surprise, she was already wet, but she was nowhere near desperate enough to have started leaking yet. Regardless, it felt good. Adventurous and exciting thoughts began to fill her head. She wanted to do more, to experiment further, but not with the guards in the room. She stood up, made her way over to the privy, entered and locked herself in.

###

Colette had finished what had probably been the best meal she'd had in a while, and was feeling slighty woozy from the expensive wine. She had been eagerly discussing her recent victory against a clan of necromancers that sought to resurrect an ancient giant, to the awe of her audience. (She was a lot less modest when drunk.) However, she had also been ignoring a rather pressing urge to pee, and had to excuse herself when she felt more of the wine hit her.

She gazed around quickly to spot Hxia, but to her confusion, the little sprite was nowhere to be found. She turned towards the privy, and to her horror, saw the door shut. She ran over to it and pounded on the door. "Hxia, you little mischievous bitch! Open this door right now."

The door did not open. Colette gave it another few hard knocks. "I said open it. This is not the time for your stupid pranks! Do you think I can wet myself here? I'll become the laughingstock of the entire city!"

###

Hxia was breathing heavily. This was just one of her typical pranks, it shouldn't have felt like this. And yet it did. Her full bladder, the idea of Colette's equally full bladder, the thought of being able to make the human wet herself whenever she chose... The exciting feeling was crawling all over her entire body. She reached a shaky hand into her pocket and withdrew one of her little blue diuretic potions. Popping the cork out, she downed the contents of the vial. She said nothing in response to Colette's questions, only smiled in satisfaction.

###

"UGH." Colette exclaimed in frustration, giving one last feeble pound on the door, before she gave up and made her way back to the table. She'd be holding it, it seemed. She had to go badly, but she could definitely make it another hour or so before-

All of a sudden, Colette felt as if a bomb had dropped into her bladder. She doubled over and gasped as a small spurt of urine escaped into her undergarments. The entire table was staring at her. She straightened herself up and smiled, even though her poor bladder was screaming.

"Sorry, I believe I ate a little too much, is all. I blame the absolutely delicious food you've prepared, my lord. I'm fine, don't worry.

The table seemed to accept her excuse. Colette took her seat, and as soon as she was hidden beneath the tablecloth, jammed her hand into her crotch and squeezed herself as tightly as she could. What was with these sudden huge surges in desperation she'd been experiencing lately? She had no idea what to do. She felt as if she'd soak herself if she even tried to move.

"Oh, I almost forgot," said the Duke, "I managed to procure this bottle of Year 582 Mountainside Vineyards at a market in Port Heming a few months ago. I was saving it for a special occasion, and I'm simply dying to taste it, so do sample it with me."

Had she not been in public, Colette would have cried.

###

Hxia sat on the basin, her undergarments around her ankles, her dress hiked up to her waist. The potion had taken effect quickly, and the effort required to contain the huge amount of liquid in her tiny little bladder was extraordinary. She massaged herself with her fingers, feeling the dampness in her nether regions, squirming in a mixture of extreme desperation and intense pleasure. This was one of the most unfamiliar sensations she'd ever felt, but also one of the most extraordinary. Her body rocked back and forth as she played with herself, every little move sending out another tiny spurt of urine. She was moaning quietly now, unable to contain herself. Everything felt too good.

She imagined Colette experiencing the same level of desperation, leaking and spurting and grabbing herself in front of everybody else. The thought was too much for Hxia. The feeling in her began to rise in an enormous crescendo, and she began to move her hands faster and faster. Excitement overcame her, and she floated in ecstasy for a few seconds before her body tightened and her bladder exploded. Urine surged out of her with a deafening hiss, filling her hands and splattering into the basin. She moaned in pleasure, continuing to feebly stroke herself as a waterfall of pressure left her. Eventually, she was left sitting on the filled basin, drenched in sweat, panting.

###

Colette gripped the wine glass in her hand so hard a few cracks appeared. Her entire body tightened. She quickly stood up, but found herself unable to move. Her bladder felt as heavy as her travel pack. Every pair of eyes in the room was on her, and her face was flushed in shame. She was shaking and sobbing in sheer desperation, no longer able to control her body.

"L-lady Arshiel!" the Duke exclaimed. "Are you alright!? What's the matter!?"

The dam burst. Colette leaned forward, gave a massive single sob, and began to completely flood her clothes, hot urine splattering her gown all over. The banquet guests gasped and stared as Colette began to convulse and cry. She had been so desperate that even the relief was painful. It seemed to go on for a minute, and when her stream finally dribbled to a stop, everyone stared silently in utter shock as she fell to her knees in the puddle she'd just made.

###

"I still can't believe you." Colette said to Hxia later, as the two bathed together to remove the scent of the urine that clung to them both. "In front of the entire banquet hall! That's not a prank, Hxia, that's... Well, you're lucky the Duke was so understanding. Still, I don't think anybody will ever look at me with a hint of respect again."

Hxia stared silently at her legs. "Sorry, Colette." she offered.

Colette sighed. "And honestly, that was the worst I've ever needed to piss in my entire life. Worse than when we get too far apart. I can't believe you'd endure that just for the sake of a prank."

The sprite shrugged. "It's fun."

Such an understatement.

*033*2015-12-30 22:25

{{: 

Well, seeing a new chapter of this was quite the pleasant surprise. Here's hoping your muse doesn't get away from you again.

}}

I hope so too. I enjoy writing but sometimes I get really bad writer's block.

*038*2016-01-01 21:02

So, since it's been a while, what other stuff would you guys like to see in the story? I have a few basic ideas for where it's going to go, but it'd be nice to hear what you guys want.

