Megan and Sarah, Emotional Rollercoaster - Page 3

Author: orango

*051*2013-08-06 10:01

{{: 

You have it wrong, we will always be reading your amazingly detailed, toe clenching, arousing, and very erotic work.... As long as you keep making it. You have fans who love it. Who refresh the pages looking for new post to your story's. heh, I know I am one.

( sorry if this posted wrong, I was using a iPhone 5 to post this )

}}

Thanks for the vote of confidence Fire Ninja! It means a lot to know people are following along, and enjoying reading it as much as I enjoy writing it! The final instalment is in progress, so I'll try and not keep you waiting too long!

*054*2013-08-06 12:10

{{: 

What he said goes double for me. Every time i see the Megan and Sarah story tag,

I get a little frisson of excitement. You have conditioned me well.

}}

Thank you truly, Frosty. Were it not for your unwavering encouragement there would never have even been a third story, so thank you!

*060*2013-08-07 18:36

Wow, this thread has been busy since I last checked it! Thanks Frosty for providing links to the other stories, I'm flattered that anyone would be interested it reading them!

*063*2013-08-13 19:43

And finally I can post the concluding chapter! Apologies for it's lateness, as usual!

Chapter 6

The sound of the knocking resonated through the small cubicle, the door rattling against the lock. Both girls held their breath, trying not to make a sound, hoping whoever it was would just give up and go away. Megan continued to wriggle and squirm uncontrollably, grinding her silky genitals against Sarah’s palm and probing fingers. Sweat dripped from her brow, her pretty face contorting into an expression of intense concentration and orgasmic agony. Her bladder was now so achingly full, holding more urine than ever before in her 26 years of life. Her desperation was total and absolute, the physical limits of her perfect body now seemingly being exceeded.

As the knocking stopped briefly, a small quivering voice on the other side of the door whined “Hurry up, please … some of us out here are about to get very wet!”

Sarah exhaled a sigh of relief, thankful that it wasn’t security. Megan, on the other hand, couldn’t concentrate on anything except her throbbing desperate sex. Just a few more seconds of grinding would be all she needed…

"I’ll be out in a second,” Sarah retorted as she began to withdraw her fingers from Megan’s dribbling lips.

As Megan felt the source of her pleasure being removed, she lurched urgently towards Sarah, groping at her shoulders for support. Desperate to finally come and frantic to pee, she tried to squeeze Sarah’s hand between her thighs, but it was too late. As the tip of the finger slid from her, her saturated lips closed together. A slow and steady trickle of wee immediately began to seep, dripping from her pulsating vagina and snaking slowly down the inside of her thigh. Sarah watched it, leaning forward so her eyes could follow the droplet as it made its journey down her leg. With her face just centimetres from Megan’s leaking pee hole, Sarah could feel the heat of her most intimate region on her forehead, all too aware of the ocean of urine begging for release just inside those quivering lips.

Extending her tongue, Sarah licked sensuously at the inside of Megan’s leg, relishing the taste of her hot wee. Reaching down between her own legs, Sarah caressed the lustrous flesh of her own vagina, massaging her erect clitoris and almost reaching orgasm with a single touch. Both girls were so urgently aroused, orgasms teetering on the edge. Trembling and shuddering, Megan’s muscles faltered further, another short squirt bursting from her desperate pussy. Feeling the jet splash her forehead, Sarah adjusted her angle and caught the tail end of the spray in her mouth. It glided smoothly over her tongue before sliding down her throat as she swallowed.

The knocking resumed suddenly, and was followed by a garbled string of expletives from outside the cubicle door. Some desperate soul out there really wasn't happy. Pulling away, Megan crossed her legs as best she could with her leggings still around her knees. The trickle was clamped off, but her exhausted muscles were only just barely containing the bursting swell of hot liquid now bulging out from her abdomen.

Tearing a strip of paper from the holder, Sarah dried her face first, then her moist enraged vagina, before standing up. Giving her lover a compassionate look, she felt almost sorry for what she was about to do. She knew Megan was at the very end of her ability to hold, and that in just a few moments her body would be taking matters into its own hands. But she just couldn’t let her use the loo, not now, because her ultimate sexual fantasy was about to play out right in front of her eyes. Reaching over, she flushed her own pee away, reflecting on how good it felt to finally be free of it.

She gently helped an extremely fragile Megan get dressed again, coaxing her legs from their twisted position and pulling her clothes back up for her. As Sarah released the waist band against the bulging round mass of her bladder, Megan winced as an orgasmic ache swept through her abdomen like a jolt of lightning. Unable to think about anything except the urgent needs of Megan’s overwrought body, both girls knew that a full scale accident was just a hair’s breadth from becoming a stark reality. Megan trembled and moaned as she gripped herself hard between her legs, pushing and prodding the damp material up against her bursting, sodden lips.

Sarah tenderly caressed Megan’s hair and whispered, “You’ll be alright, just a few more minutes, I promise. When I open the door, follow me and don’t look back.”

Megan said nothing, but was seriously contemplating the notion of wetting herself right there. At least no one would see her doing it, and she'd retain a modicum of dignity. But before the idea went any further, Sarah had already unlocked the door and swung it open. Time was of the essence for them both, with Sarah so turned on that she was in danger of coming just from the act of walking alone. Sarah knew they had to be quick or poor Megan wouldn't make it, and the moment she’d fantasised about would be ruined. Taking Megan’s hand she rushed from the cubicle, almost colliding with several women queuing outside. Megan followed obediently, but her free hand remained glued to her crotch, squeezing and groping herself in an attempt to hold on for just a few seconds longer. If she let go for even a moment, she knew a torrent of wee would start jetting from her in a heartbeat.

A chorus of shocked outrage rose from the queuing women as both girls emerged together, but Megan tried to block out the comments. A sense of total embarrassment rose in her stomach like a swarm of angry butterflies, and her cheeks flushed an even deeper shade of red than they already were. Sarah whisked her out of the bathroom and into the daylight, noises of disapproval still ringing in her ears. Trotting desperately and wearily behind, she stumbled and felt herself squirt hard into her panties again. It shot through the thin fabric, wetting her hand and dripping to the ground before she stopped it.

"Please Sarah, it’s about to come out, I can’t hold it in,” Megan whimpered.

Sarah looked back, gave her a reassuring smile, and pulled her onward. As she scanned their surroundings for somewhere suitable, she looked to the sky and grinned to herself. She’d spied a place they could be alone, where no one would be able to disturb them. The thought of what was about to happen was driving her crazy, and her own voracious need to be pleasured was right at the forefront of her mind. She glanced back at Megan one last time, a familiar ache of arousal sweeping through her own dripping womanhood, before picking up the pace. Megan dug deep, hunched over and bursting, all the while pressing and kneading at her wee hole, desperately applying as much pressure as her fingertips could muster.

At last, and with only seconds to spare before Megan’s bladder blasted its contents into her frilly knickers, they arrived at Sarah’s destination of choice. Dribbling and spurting frequently, Megan looked up to see a large Ferris wheel, her eyes wide with shock and despair.

“Just one more minute, hold on for me sweetie.”

Sarah silently congratulated herself as they quickly zigzagged their way along the empty queue towards the boarding point for the ride. Sarah glanced around at the crowds and knew they’d been lucky, waiting in a line would have been the last straw for poor Megan. As it was, Sarah still wasn’t certain there was enough time to do what she wanted. Both girls stepped into a waiting cage and sat down. The attendant gave Megan a confused look and opened his mouth to say something before Sarah stopped him.

“Look, don’t say it, just get us moving … please!” a hint of nervous excitement creeping in to her voice.

Without further delay, the cage door closed automatically and the girls were lifted slowly and gracefully towards the sky. Megan was about to lose it, sweating and squirming like never before, dribbling and spurting almost constantly into her now saturated knickers. Grinding her pussy against the hard surface of the seat, she looked to Sarah for help with pleading eyes. Without further pause, Sarah slid from her seat and knelt before Megan, gently parting her clenched legs and sliding between them, exactly as she had done earlier.

“Looks like my little girl is about to have a big accident,” Sarah teased as she caressed the wet fabric between Megan’s legs.

Megan could barely breathe, her diaphragm compressing her bladder on every intake of air. Drawing breath shallowly and rapidly, she felt herself lose another few droplets of wee, her muscles about to totally succumb to the pressure within. Squirming and wriggling, she felt Sarah tease down her leggings and knickers, exposing the desperate pink flesh of her wet vagina to the cool air. Sarah’s eyes then moved up to the bulging mound of Megan’s bladder, gazing in wonder as she began to caress it gently with her hand.

But even the lightest of touches was too much for Megan to take. Sarah was rewarded immediately as Megan’s lips parted and a sizzling squirt of pee splashed against her t-shirt, soaking through the thin fabric and dampening her breasts. Although it stopped again as abruptly as it had begun, Sarah knew the next squirt could very well become a full blown loss of control. As the big wheel halted briefly to let other people board a few cages below, Sarah leaned in and began to lick softly at the moist folds of skin between Megan’s legs. Lapping up the concoction of urine and love juice, Sarah savoured its sweet salty flavour before swallowing eagerly. Nothing had ever tasted so divine.

Megan bucked and whimpered as she felt an overwhelming desperate ache rising up inside her bloated belly. Her frantic erect clit throbbed, but was still being deliberately neglected by her lover. She pleaded silently in her head for that one lingering touch that would send her over the edge. Sarah, still taking her time and savouring every moment, pushed her exploring tongue between Megan’s labia, licking and tasting the silky skin beneath. At first licking up and down its external length, she eventually moved down to the entrance of Megan’s love tunnel, plunging her tongue as deep as she could reach into the inner sanctum of Megan’s body. Writhing and squirming, Megan was feeling light headed, pangs of ecstasy shooting up from her pussy and into her engorged bladder. With pee on the brink of erupting out, she pushed her body into Sarah’s face, rhythmically grinding and moaning loudly.

The wheel started moving again, their cage approaching the apex of its journey. Sarah shifted her tongue upwards and began to massage Megan’s dribbling urethra. Sarah could feel tiny bursts of hot pee squirting over her tongue and into her mouth, the taste of fresh urine making her own pussy tingle with anticipation. Reaching between her own legs, she grabbed hold of her shorts and pulled them up hard, the crotch riding up and massaging her in the all the places she needed. On the brink of coming herself, she moved her tongue upwards further still, towards Megan’s pulsating desperate clitoris.

Megan was already on the edge, and just seconds away from wetting. As Sarah’s tongue began to fervently flick and massage Megan’s hard swollen love button, the desperate ache inside her approached its crescendo. Trying to relax, fearing the orgasm she craved so desperately, her bladder contorted as her muscles began to spasm and contract. Seemingly in slow motion, the orgasm should have crashed over her, but it continued to build, gathering strength and power. Gripping the sides of the cage hard, every muscle in her body was tensed, straining to hold back a torrential gush of pee. Desperately trying to keep the orgasmic contractions at bay, she writhed and twisted, arching her back, fearing the consequences an orgasm would have on her fragile bladder.

The cage began to swing back and forth, drawing the attention of several people from the crowd below. What on Earth was going on up there? Sarah was on the edge of her own personal eruption, tugging quickly and rhythmically at her shorts. The material had ridden up tightly against her tingling womanhood, rubbing against her clitoris in the most pleasurable way imaginable. She felt it happening, the overwhelming sensation of an orgasm building, her muscles tightening and reaching that point of no return.

A few more seconds, and she was there. She wouldn’t be able to stop it now, even if she wanted to. Desperately trying to focus her addled mind on pleasuring Megan, she inserted several fingers into Megan’s straining vagina, massaging her internally as well as externally. She tried to relax a little, attempting to hold back from coming for just a few more seconds, but the fire between her legs was almost intolerable. The feeling had reached its zenith, and it was now too late to stop it. She was about to topple over the edge in a dramatic and explosive manner.

Megan could take the punishment no more. With Sarah’s tongue licking and teasing with greater and greater ferocity, her mind and body melted, unable to hold back her orgasm any longer. As she reached the peak of her desperation and the pinnacle of her pleasure, her pussy contracted and tightened as the first wave of the most powerful orgasm of her life came crashing down around her. Her bladder screamed for mercy, her muscles squeezing with all their strength around Sarah’s fingers, her body writhing and shuddering.

Pleasure and pain merged into one all-consuming feeling as she moaned and wailed, panting heavily and pushing her convulsing privates harder against Sarah’s lapping tongue. Her lips began to part, and as Sarah withdrew her fingers a little, her hot juices immediately sprayed hard all over Sarah’s face and chest.

Megan couldn’t tell if she was peeing or ejaculating, and didn’t care either way. Feeling Megan’s ecstasy, Sarah pulled up harder on her own shorts, squashing and mashing her clitoris as she began to buck in unison with Megan. Coming together, they both writhed in delight and ecstasy as the moment they thought would never happen finally became an overwhelming reality.

Powerful waves of contractions jolted through Megan’s aching abdomen. Her mind was shut off to everything around her, focussing totally on the sensations between her gorgeous shapely legs. Tears welled up in her eyes as the pleasure pain boundary was washed away, her whole body a writhing mess of desperation induced turmoil and ecstasy. Seemingly never coming to an end, her orgasm thundered on, the torturous ache of her bladder only heightening and intensifying the glorious sensations. Focussed entirely on her tight throbbing body, her eyes were squeezed firmly closed as her body convulsed and exploded over and over again. Her bladder pounded as her vagina spurted with her contractions, her love fluids saturating and soaking into Sarah’s now totally drenched shirt.

Finally, after the most intense and earthshattering moment of her life, the strength of the contractions began to slowly fade. But she couldn’t relax, instead still desperately clinging on to the contents of her bladder, desperately trying not to pee while Sarah was between her legs. Her bladder squeezed hard around the litres of urine still being held inside her, the first droplets leaking past her shattered muscles. As the squirting and spluttering of her orgasm died away completely, she could hold back the flood no longer. As a steady trickle of pee started to leak past her tired straining sphincter, Sarah lapped and slurped at the fluid, her own fading orgasm rallying on when she felt Megan begin to finally lose control. Powerless to stop it, Megan wept softly as her pee began to splutter out.

A strong powerful hissing torrent gushed from Megan’s pussy as the stream grew in strength and force. Spreading Megan’s lips and holding them open with her fingertips, Sarah watched her wee hole open fully as Megan’s body squirted forcefully and hissed loudly. Steam rose from the hot stream as it hit the cool air before pouring over Sarah, saturating her clothes and dripping to the floor. Catching it in her mouth, it cascaded over her tongue before pouring back out and down her chin. As it pooled on the floor of the cage, it quickly began to leak through the cracks, vast quantities of warm wee raining down and splashing towards the ground, sprinkling over anyone standing too close.

Megan peed and peed, her bladder contracting and shrinking, her urethra spurting and gushing, until finally her abdomen was back to its usual flat shape. Sighing as she pushed the final few droplets of urine from her weary body, Megan relaxed into a dishevelled heap in the seat. Sarah ceased her licking, her own orgasm finally over, drenched in Megan’s pee from head to toe. As the cage began to approach the ground, people gawped in wonder, unable to pry their eyes from the 2 gorgeous women as they started to come into unobstructed view.

Composing themselves quickly, but not quite quickly enough, the girls hopped from the ride as soon as it came to a stop. With Sarah’s clothes dripping with Megan’s sweet urine, they quickly made their way back to the car, avoiding eye contact with anyone.

“Same time next week?” Sarah asked, laughing to herself.

“I can’t wait … literally!” Megan joked, a wide grin spreading across her face.

