Daniel and Amy - Page 9

Author: Barry

*201*2016-05-14 09:44

Chapter 5:

Sue dropped Daniel at school. As usual, Dan went straight to the toilet. As he was wearing his onesie, he had to use a stall. When he'd entered the boys room, he'd been the only one in there, but he'd no sooner closed the cubicle door, and hung his bag on the door hook, when he heard more boys coming in. It seemed like within seconds, at least 10 kids had come in.

He knew that his pull up made no noise, but he was still a bit paranoid. It would only take one boy trying to show off, and sticking his head over the partition to try and scare him or something, just to get a laugh from his friends, and his secret would be out.

He didn't have a lot of choice anymore though. He hadn't even realised that he'd needed to go when he got to school, he was just going as a precaution before class started, but now he was in there, his bladder was starting to demand release. He wondered if it was just psychological, brought on by his close proximity to the toilet. But regardless of origin, he now needed to go

Dan stood there, his need to pee increasing by the second. He knew that if he did pee, he'd have to pull his shorts right down, which meant he would probably sit on the toilet. He'd need to pull his boxers down, so he could unclip the studs on the crotch of his onesie. Only then could he take his pull up down, but it would be fully exposed inside his boxers, and he'd have to hold his onesies crotch flap out of the way.

Dan had never been "bombed" in the toilets before, but he knew it happened sometimes, and the walls and door weren't very high. It could happen, and he would be exposed for sure. He chose to hold on for a moment.

He stood still facing the door. If anyone glanced under the door, they'd see his black leather schools shoes facing the door, as if he was sitting down. Dan knew if he was spotted just standing there, fully clothed and facing the door, it would look strange enough, but not as bad as have a pull up around his feet.

Dan didn't like feeling this paranoid, but he felt he had to be. If he did decide to keep his problem and protection a secret, then these were the sort of things he had to do. Again, the thought of just "coming out" crossed his mind. It certainly wouldn't be easy, but neither would hiding like this for the next five years of school.

The crowd outside his stall seemed to be thinning out. The taps were running, and the sound of boyish conversation, ranging in pitch from soprano to baritone, was dwindling.

Without warning, Dan suddenly leaked. He felt a squirt of warmth hit his Goodnight. The option of standing still was now out of his hands.

Wasting no time, he yanked his grey shorts and grey plaid cotton boxers down at the same time. He reached between his legs for the studs, and his fingers found wet fabric. He unsnapped the studs, pulled his kiddie pull up below his knees, and sat down. His bum had only touched the seat a fraction of a second before he started peeing. He was a bit lucky to get himself pointed down into the correct position before it was pouring out of him.

Dan sighed with relief. That was the closest call he'd had at school since he wet his pants at the beach when he'd still been attending his last school.

He examined his pull up. Surprisingly it wasn't that wet. There was a wet patch along the top of the right leg guard, but that was all. He pulled up the front crotch flap of his onesie. It was wet along the right edge. He deduced that either his pull up had been a bit loose along the right leg band, or he'd been pointing there, or maybe both, and when he squirted, it had shot straight out of the right elastic, and soaked his onesie.

Franticly he checked his boxers. There was a tiny wet spot on the inner right leg. Only an inch or so across, and more damp than wet, but still visible. He breathed a huge sigh of relief when he examined his light grey school shorts, and found them to be perfectly dry.

As he finished urinating, he tried to decide whether or not to change his pull up. He had a spare one in his bag, which was hanging in front of him from the door. But this one was only wet in one spot, and if he changed now, he'd have no spare ones, and school hadn't even started yet. He mentally cursed himself for not packing two spares.

The next thing, he heard familiar voices. Ali, Matt, and Scott had walked in.

That made up his mind. He wouldn't risk trying to change, then dispose of a wet pull up, particularly when it wasn't TOO wet. It would do. He quickly stood up, pulled up his damp Goodnight, pushed the clips of his wet onesie together, noticing as he did that the whole crotch was now wet, the previous wet patch having wicked its way across to the other side, then pulled his boxers and shorts up. He flushed the toilet, and stepped out.

"Hey Danny!"

"Dan the man!"

And of course, "Damn Daniel!"

He proceeded to the sink, and washed his hands. His mates were all talking at once, and of course it was all about Amy.

Eventually a sort of order came to the conversation.

Scott was the first to speak. "So what's the story Danny? Why haven't you ever mentioned your smoking hot girlfriend before? You keeping her a secret or something?"

Ali piped in next. "Yeah. Wassup with that? The boy's didn't believe me when I told them about your hot chick! I guess they didn't believe a dork like you could score a classy girl like Amy! She seems really cool dude!"

Matt was next. "Shit man, how the fuck were you not bragging about her? If I scored a pretty girl like her, I'd be telling everyone!"

"Probably a good thing that won't happen then, isn't it Doofus!" was Scotts response to this, and they all laughed. "But seriously man, why haven't you said anything?"

Dan shrugged. "Cause it was a new thing. I only met her on Saturday. She's the daughter of my mums friend."

Ali interrupted him. "But you were staying there! You must've known her! You don't just do a sleepover at a girls place on the day you meet her!"

Dan couldn't help smiling. "Wrong dude. When you're as smooth as Dan the Man, the ladies can't resist!"

They all laughed, taking turns to punch him playfully on the arms, leaving him begging for mercy.

"Alright, alright! Enough! I'm sorry! But it's the truth, I swear. We only met on Saturday morning, then mum had a family thing come up, and she had to go South. Amy's mum said I could stay, and I did!" He paused, taking on a serious tone. "But don't give me shit guys. Amy's special, alright? We got pretty close on the weekend, she's great. I won't have ya hanging shit on us. She's a really nice chick."

They all nodded respectfully. It was now understood that gentle teasing was one thing, but their new friend had feelings for this girl, and there were some lines that shouldn't be crossed.

"But where did you meet her mate?" Matt asked.

Dan froze. He had never considered this question. Obviously the truth wasn't possible.

"Ahh, well, just out shopping with mum. We ran into her best friend, who she hadn't seen for like a hundred years or something, and they started talking. Amy is Sonia, mums friends daughter. We went to their house, but suddenly my aunt in Bunbury went into labour, and rather than stay home myself, I just stayed at Amy's. We got on really well to. We agreed that we are going together anyway!"

The first bell sounded. They had 5 minutes to get to class.

"You're a lucky bastard Daniel" Matt told him as they left.

Dan made it through the rest of the day as usual. He peed at recess, lunch, and afternoon break, and had no further leaks. His mother picked him up after school, and they stopped at the shops before going home. He was starting to feel a build up by then, so used the public toilets without any problems. But when he got home, he couldn't help but notice the yellow stain on his onesie. He knew his mother would notice it, but couldn't do anything about it

That evening, Amy sent him a message. She wanted help with her homework, and had asked her mother to call his mother about whether they could get together on Wednesday night. It wasn't long before he heard the house phone ring, and his mother was talking to Sonia.

Soon it was organised. Sonia and Amy were coming to dinner on Wednesday night.

*205*2016-05-26 11:52

Chapter 6:

Daniel woke up at 2am Tuesday morning, dry, but with an urge to pass water. Strangely enough, he wasn't exactly desperate. Throwing back the covers, he waddled groggily into the bathroom, wincing as the glare of the light hit his eyes. The need to pee had accelerated greatly as soon as he had stood up, and he had his hand clamped firmly in his lap as he got his bearings.

The thick padding he felt through his pyjama pants felt different at first, until he realised that he was now wearing a tape on diaper, and not a Goodnight. He suddenly had doubts as to whether or not he'd be able to get it off in time, and the thought started playing in the back of his mind, "Don't worry about it, you've got a big nappy on. Just use it...."

He dismissed that idea as soon as he had it. He'd have to try at least.

Making a supreme effort to clench his bladder muscles tightly, he took his hand away from his crotch, and quickly yanked his pants down. Moving as quickly as he could without damaging his diaper, he pulled the four sets of tapes open, stepped out of his pants, as his diaper fell to the tiled floor. The first squirt of urine spurted out and hit the outside of the shower door, and ignoring the toilet altogether, he pulled the shower door open, and aimed his stream inside, shuddering as the flow poured out of him.

Once finished, he used a dirty towel to wipe the outside of the door, then the small puddle on the floor. He washed his hands, picked up his diaper and pants, switched off the light, and went back into his room. He had worked out how to do the tapes up properly, and had decided it was easier to do whilst laying down. After first checking his nappy and confirming it was indeed still dry, he spread it out on his bed, lay down on it, then managed to tape it back on firmly. Not worrying about his pyjama pants, he climbed back into bed.

Even though it was more of an effort to remove his diaper to pee, he was still happy with the results. Any time he managed to avoid an accident was good.

"I'm in control here," he muttered under his breath, and the young teenager fell back to sleep almost immediately.

He was still asleep when his mother knocked on his door, and he woke up to the sound of his alarm going. It had gone off, but not woken him.

"Coming mum," he called out, switching of the radio as he did. Not quite hearing her reply, he was aware of her footsteps receding down the stairs. For the second time in five hours, he went to his bathroom and removed his diaper, but with a lot less urgency this time. He sat on the toilet, and ran his hand through the thick padding, and found it to be totally dry. He folded it up to use later, washed his hands, and pulled his previously discarded pants back on, revelling in the feeling of going commando as he went downstairs for breakfast. It was a great change to be able to tell his mother he'd woken up dry, and didn't need a shower before school.

Dans day continued in the same vein. His status at school had improved dramatically, as the word was out that he had scored himself an incredibly pretty girlfriend, and had even slept over at her house. Ali, Matt and Scott were now actively seeking out his companionship, inviting him to sit with them at lunch, and kicking a football around afterwards. His Goodnight stayed dry, and he didn't even suffer any urgency.

After school, onesie and still dry pull up removed, he dressed in sweatpants and boxers, and managed to catch up on his homework. Amy sent him a message later that evening, and they confirmed their homework date for the following night.

Dan was feeling particularly pleased with himself as he taped himself into the same diaper that he'd worn the previous night, and fell asleep easily.

Once again, around 2am, he woke up needing to pee. This time however, he was able to remove it and use the toilet with no problems, feeling a sense of accomplishment for waking up dry two nights in a row. When he woke up ten minutes before his alarm sounded, and he was still dry, he felt his face may crack from smiling. When he told his mother that he'd woken up dry two days in a row, he felt like a little kid showing off a gold star on his school project. Two consecutive dry nights were a rare thing.

He had a close call at school that day though. While kicking the football around with his mates, he slipped over on the grass, and felt a small leak. Quickly excusing himself he hurried to the toilet, locking himself in a stall. He felt another leak as he unclipped his onesie, and hurriedly sat down. A quick examination found his Goodnight to be a bit wet in the front, but it hadn't leaked at all. Not knowing how to procure a replacement from his bag, and not wanting to go without, he pulled it back up again, and left it on for the rest of the day. He felt a bit self conscious walking around school feeling the wetness around his crotch, but at least his underwear was still dry.

That afternoon Dan had to catch the bus home, as Sue wanted to do some shopping for their dinner guests. Again, he was busting by the time he got off the bus, but he managed to hold on until he got home. Once safely home alone, he removed his uniform, then just for the sake of it, he stood in his shower and released the full contents of his bulging bladder into his pull up as he stood there, leaking everywhere.

The feeling of hot wetness at first covering his genitals, then soaking the padding between his legs, then finally running down his legs and over his feet was sublime, and he found himself taking pleasure in it as he had a quick shower before his mother arrived home.

The boy was quickly coming to the conclusion that while he didn't like wetting himself in public, it really could be a fun thing to do in private, as long as he was in control.

As Dan started to dress, he almost went without protection. But when he thought about his girlfriend arriving soon, he decided to wear a Molicare pull up under his sweatpants. She would be diapered of course, and you never knew exactly what fun they may get up too.

Sue arrived home soon after, and started preparing dinner. It had been decided that a healthy stir fry with fried rice wouldn't upset Amy's stomach too badly. Sue and Dan exchanged small talk as she cooked, but Dan managed to avoid any discussion as to what his diaper usage had been for the day.

By the time Sonia's car pulled up at 5:30, he was nearly a nervous wreck. Although Amy and himself had been talking on the phone and messaging each other every day, the past weekend was already seeming like a lifetime ago, and he almost felt like he was about to meet her for the first time all over again.

That feeling quickly evaporated as soon as mother and daughter walked in. Without even considering that their mothers were present, as soon as Amy walked in the door, the two teenagers embraced. Both of them felt like a big load had been lifted off their young shoulders. As soon as the official greetings were exchanged, the kids ran up the stairs holding hands, leaving their mothers watching their retreat with smiles on their faces, and knowing looks being exchanged.

There was no doubt at all. Their kids were falling for each other, and both mothers couldn't be happier.

*208*2016-05-27 23:54

Chapter 7:

Safely inside his room, Amy dropped her bag, and they embraced. Amy tilted her head back, and Dan tilted his forward until their lips touched. Their kiss wasn't overly passionate, but it was sincere. Dan felt Amy's hands slide down from his back to his backside, and then gently squeeze the thick padding under his sweatpants.

Amy was wearing sweats as well, although hers were pink and not black like his were. She wore a grey Everlast hoodie as well, and like him, was obviously dressed for comfort over style.

Dan followed her lead, and let his hands roam down onto her buttocks, where he felt the same sort of thick padding crinkling beneath her pants.

As they pulled themselves apart, she smiled at him and said, "I've really missed you Catholic boy!"

"Me too" he replied, and they kissed again.

Dan closed his window, which he'd opened to air his room out. Even though he'd had two dry nights, and changed his sheets, he was still paranoid that there was a lingering smell of pee in his room. When he turned around, he noticed Amy taking her shoes off, and saw she was wearing thick pink socks as well. The sight of her in her sweats, hoodie and socks gave him the urge to just grab hold and cuddle her. She looked so soft and cuddly it was almost unbearable.

Amy pulled some books out of her bag, and flopped down on Dans bed. At first he winced, expecting the normal crinkling sound from his mattress protector, before he remembered that she was probably used to that sound anyway.

"So, watcha been doing Danny boy? What's been happening? Everything okay?"

"Apart from missing you like crazy, it's been good Ames. I mean school is still school, but it's been alright. The best thing is I've had two dry nights in a row! That hasn't happened for a while!"

Amy grinned. "That's great Danny. How about at school? Any problems?"

"Not really. I had a little leak the other day playing footy with the guys, but my kiddie pull up handled it," he smiled cheekily, "when I got home, I made sure it was fully used before I took it off though."

Amy laughed gleefully. "I'll betcha did. Have you thought about wearing the Molicares to school yet?"

"Yeah. I have. But it's like we talked about. If I wore the big diapers, I'd have to tell people. I'm still not sure about doing that. I keep thinking about telling Scott and the guys, but I don't know if I'm ready for it yet."

She smiled at him. "Well don't rush it Danny. As I said, I'll help you if you want, but you've gotta be sure first. If your not sure, don't say anything."

"I realise that Ames. I kinda want too, but maybe not yet. I just can't make my fucking mind up, ya know? Anyway, how about you? How's your week going?"

"Apart from a bad toothache, nothing new. Monday night, one of my bottom teeth started really hurting, but I can't see anything wrong with it. Mums taking me to the dentist before school tomorrow. I'm not looking forward to that. I hate dentists! As far as school goes, Tania and I are going to pair up for a science project. We're gonna build one of those erupting volcano things. Our art class is going on a field trip to the museum, I'm struggling a bit with English Lit, sorta why I'm here I guess, and I'm still wetting like a broken pipe!"

Dan laughed at her candour. "How's your tummy going? Better now?"

"Yeah. All better now thank Christ. Ever since Sunday it's been good. I guess it was a wake up call for me about eating and drinking too much crap."

She smiled slyly at him before continuing.

"At our sleepover this weekend, I'll stick to plain water for our holding contest.... "

Daniels ears immediately pricked up. "This weekend?"

Amy couldn't suppress her grin. "Yeah. Mums boyfriend Ian wants her to go down to Margaret River for the weekend, so my mums gonna ask your mum if I can stay here for 2 nights! That is, if you don't mind of course?"

In response, Dan stood up from the desk chair he'd taken a seat in, and flung himself on top of her, barely suppressing a fit of laughter. He rolled clear over the top of her, and they ended up in each other's arms, kissing again, only this time with more passion. This time, there was no preamble. Their lips locked together, their tongues prodded and poked, and they gave their hands more free reign to roam and explore.

Dan found his right hand finding the gap under Amy's hoodie, and was soon massaging the bare flesh of her stomach. Amy's hand had found itself on the waistband of her boyfriends sweatpants, and was now playing with the elastic of his diaper.

Dan found his boyhood stiffening inside his nappy, and Amy was obviously aware of it as well, as she was now pressing her own abdominal area tightly against his.

If Dans mother hadn't chosen that exact moment to call to them from the base of the stairs, then what would have happened next would of been anybody's guess. But Sues voice quickly snapped them back to reality.

With guilty looks on their young faces, both kids quickly unwrapped themselves from their loving embrace, and jumped off the bed in unison, both red faced and panting.

Dan cleared his throat, and mumbled in a strangled voice, "Err, I guess we should, you know, go down for dinner then."

Amy, looking every bit as worked up as Dan was, took a breath, and said "Yep, you're right, just give me a second."

She stood upright, and adjusted her clothes. Then, looking directly at him, she smiled, then slowly and deliberately put her right thumb in her mouth in an exaggerated gesture. Her legs parted slightly, and she managed to smile at him, without removing her thumb from her mouth. Her eyes squinted a bit, and she bent forward a bit.

She was wetting herself in front of him again.

Neither kid spoke. They just maintained eye contact for perhaps 30 seconds. Then Amy shuddered, and squeezed her legs together again. Dan had felt himself getting even harder, and could not stop himself from squeezing the front of his diaper. He felt himself twitch solidly twice, and felt a familiar tingling sensation. He could feel wetness in the front of his nappy, but he knew that he hadn't peed at all. He didn't want to consider what that might mean.

"That's better." Was all Amy said, and with that they went down to dinner.

###

Dinner was enjoyable. Both kids and their mothers contributed to the conversation, and there was no mention of anything embarrassing. During the meal, the subject of Amy staying for the weekend was bought up, and although both kids tried to play it cool, their excitement was obvious. Eventually it was decided, Sonia would drop Amy off on Friday evening around 5, and pick her up on Sunday afternoon.

At one stage Amy made a sharp intake of breath, and placed her hand on her lips after taking a mouthful of food, grimacing as she did so. Sonia noticed her daughters discomfort. "Is your tooth hurting again sweetheart? Don't worry, we'll get that fixed tomorrow." Turning to Sue she said, "Amy seems to have a bad tooth. I've made an appointment at a place called ABC Dental. Do you happen to know where that is exactly? I mean I've got the address of course, but I'm not sure the best way to get there."

Sue replied, "Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's not far from Danny's school. Your best bet is to basically drive past St Marks, turn left at the shopping centre, then you'll see a medical complex on the left. There's an optometrist, chiro, and podiatrist in the same place as the dentist. They're supposed to be good." Turning to her son she commented "That's something we need to do for you Danny. You haven't had a check up since the school dentist came around over a year ago."

Dan just winced in agreement. It was obviously that he hated dentists as much as Amy did.

After that, talk turned back to the kids upcoming sleepover. Plans were being made about trips to the movies, the beach, the mall, into the city, or just about anywhere. Dan suggested setting up a tent in the backyard for a camping style sleepover, but Sue and Sonia managed to quietly deflect that idea without it seeming too obvious that they were doing so on purpose. The excitement from the teenagers was palpable, but eventually dinner was finished, and the grownups let them leave the table after clearing away the plates.

Safely back in Daniels room again, he suggested getting stuck into her schoolwork.

Amy gave him an evil grin. "Don't have much to do matey. I asked Tania for some help yesterday, and once she explained it, we knocked it off at lunchtime. Of course mum doesn't know. I wasn't giving up the chance to visit my boyfriend! But ill show you my work pack anyway. We're doing poetry, and I kinda suck at it. You'll probably be able to explain some stuff to me."

Amy opened up her books to the relevant pages, and Dan was pleased to recognise it as work he'd done before, when he was in grade 7. He was able to highlight some relevant texts that he knew would pop up in her exams, and show her some little tricks to remember certain passages of text. All in all, they spent a fairly productive hour or so on revision.

They found out though, that their excitement for the weekend outweighed any desire fore serious study. No matter how the tried, the conversation kept swinging back to what mischief they could get up to.

"One thing I want Ames, is to see Little Amy come out. You got to see Little Dan twice last week. Once when we played schools, and again when I peed behind the shed in my swim nappy. This week, I want to be the teacher and watch Little Amy wet herself in class, and maybe in the playground as well!"

Amy was smiling so much, she thought her face might crack. "That's a deal, Catholic boy! I think I can arrange for Little Amy to be here! And I'd like to play some scary wetting stuff as well!"

Dan looked perplexed. "Scary wetting?"

"You know! Like in horror movies and stuff! When the teenagers always get stuck in the haunted house, and the psycho killer is chasing them, they hide, and someone, usually a girl, always wets her pants cause she's so scared. I've always thought I'd be good at doing that! But we'll do it together instead. We'll pretend that we're scared and hiding from something, and accidentally wet ourselves with fright! It'll be awesome!"

Dan was grinning now. "I like that Ames. A lot! That sounds like a lot of fun. I just hope we can get some privacy. I mean last weekend was so cool cause your mum wasn't there and we could do what we wanted, but I don't think my mums going anywhere. It'll be a lot harder to play like little kids running around in pissy pants if she's home. If it's still warm enough we can swim in the pool, but it could be awkward if my mother hangs around."

Amy agreed, at they spent some time talking about various contingency plans. It was decided that a diapered trip to the movies and the mall would be cool, as would a trip to the beach. Amy wasn't a huge beach fan though. She loved being at the beach, but it could be a logistical nightmare doing it. She would have to wear her diaper whilst travelling there of course, but needed to be able to have the privacy to take it off, and then put it back on after. It wasn't as easy as it was for Dan. He could just keep his wet bathers on and sit on a towel in the car until he got home, but if she tried that, she would probably be wetter by the time they got home than when they left, and to properly diaper up, she needed some privacy, and preferably a shower as well.

"Trust me Danny, sand and nappies are not a good combination!"

At one point Dan went into the toilet. He needed to pee, and while the thought of wetting his pull up in front of Amy was very enticing, he didn't want to perhaps explain to his mother why he'd wet himself and needed to change when he had an adjoining bathroom right there. He knew she kept a rough count of his diapers, at least until the large cases that she had ordered online arrived.

When he returned, he asked Amy what she was wearing under her pink sweatpants. "I've got a tape up on Danny. That's why I used it with so much confidence before dinner," she paused, "and when we were doing my homework...."

His jaw dropped open. "What? Did you, um, really like, argh, pee again then? You kept that quiet! I didn't notice!"

She was grinning. "When we were talking about Banjo Patterson, I kinda started leaking, and I just sorta didn't stop. I didn't want to interrupt you, and I ended up with a puddle in my pants. It was kind of an accident, but I didn't try and stop. I'll have to be more careful now though, that's two big wees I've done that I know of, and God knows how many little leaks I've had that I haven't felt. Actually, I should check for leaks."

She stood up, and pulled her pants legs tight, checking for wet spots. She turned her back to Dan as she bent forward, pulling the thick pink fabric forward, and making it go tight across her backside. The outline of her nappy was suddenly highlighted through her pants, and her bum was only inches from Danny's face.

"Is my bum wet at all Danny?" She asked innocently.

Swallowing hard, Dan gently reached out with both hands, and lightly cupped her butt cheeks, feeling the thick padding squashing underneath her pants. He delicately rubbed her diapered bum for a few seconds, before declaring in a choked voice that she still seemed dry on the outside. While doing this, he again felt something in his own diaper twitch, and again felt moisture appear in there. He realised again just how close he was to cumming in his pants. He didn't dare move too much for a moment.

All too soon it was 9:00 o'clock, and Sonia was calling out for Amy to come downstairs. She gathered up her books, and they shared a little innocent kiss before leaving the room.

At the doorstep, Dan and Sue wished Amy good luck at the dentist tomorrow, and the visitors left.

Dan didn't want to hang around downstairs. He told his mother he needed a quick shower, and nearly ran upstairs to have it.

He couldn't remember the last time he'd been so desperate to have a shower in fact.

*211*2016-05-29 22:31

Chapter 8:

Freshly showered, fully relieved, and thickly diapered, Daniel went down to say goodnight to his mother. He'd had to put a new tape up diaper on. Even though he hadn't wet for two nights, the one he had been wearing was now stretched out of shape, and the tapes no longer held properly. He had examined the pull up he'd been wearing earlier, and found that while there were a couple of small but suspicious looking stains in the front, it was still dry, and he could wear it again.

Sue kissed her son goodnight, then posed a question. "Danny, do you think you could be ready to leave early tomorrow? I've got some stuff from work that I should've posted today but forgot about, and I need to get some cash out as well. I forgot about getting your allowance money, and I have no cash for myself either. If we can leave by 7:20, we can stop at the shops, and I'll shout us to breakfast at the cafe, sound ok?"

Dan agreed that the cafe breakfast and getting his allowance was indeed worth getting up earlier for, and happily accepted her proposal. Plans made, he went to bed. He didn't sleep straight away, as his excitement for the weekend with his girlfriend kept him awake. Every time he started to fall asleep, a new idea or plan would enter his mind, and he very nearly got up to get a pen and notebook to write them down into. It was after 11 o'clock before he finally fell into a deep slumber.

Dans alarm sounded at 6:30, the disgustingly cheerful and overly bubbly voices of the FM radio Breakfast Team jolting him from his dream. He couldn't remember exactly what he had been dreaming about, only that Amy had been in it, and they were cuddling each other, and it had been warm and cosy.

As he regained his senses, he realised that he hadn't woken up during the night to pee, and as a result, he needed to go now, and he was probably wet already. Gingerly he slipped a hand into the back of his pyjamas and squeezed his diaper, finding that it didn't feel swollen. He knew that judging by the fullness of his bladder though that it would be swollen very shortly if he didn't get to the toilet immediately.

He jumped out of bed, and ripped his pyjama pants down as soon as he stood up, then waddled into the bathroom as quickly as his socked feet would carry him. In his haste to get his diaper off, he ripped one of the tapes, cursing under his breath as he did so. Giving up any hope of salvaging the nappy for later use after that, he unceremoniously tore the tapes off and sat down. His bum hit the seat, and he pointed his boyhood into the bowl a full 0.5 second before his aching bladder gave up. Sweating slightly, he relieved himself as he picked up the ruined nappy and examined it. Running his hand through the thick padding, he found that it felt bone dry. A visual inspection confirmed that for the third night in a row, he hadn't wet in his sleep.

Back in his room, he removed his pyjama shirt, and now naked apart from his grey ankle socks, he stood in front of his mirror, giving himself that all important adolescent physical inspection. His private parts didn't seem any bigger, but he thought his little tuft of pubes may be he a bit thicker though. He still didn't have any real hair on his legs, but his armpits were definitely starting to sprout. Standing close to the mirror, he found only a fresh pimple on his top lip, and not a single hair had sprouted.

Sighing loudly, he wondered just how long this stupid puberty thing was going to take.

Hearing his mothers footsteps on the stairs, he quickly pulled his pyjamas back on, and was buttoning his shirt when she knocked at the door, waiting for him to say she could come in.

Once inside, she greeted her son warmly, pleased to find him already up, but her eyes caught the sight of the open diaper sitting on his bed.

"That's not wet I hope mate" she said as she indicated to it, "if it is, it doesn't belong on your bed."

Dan smiled proudly. "No mum! 3 nights dry in a row! I can't believe it! How long has it been since I've done 3 nights? It must be like a coupla years or something! But I kinda ripped it trying to get it off in a hurry though, I'm sorry about that."

"Don't be sorry sweetheart. I'm just so happy for you that you made it! Three nights in a row is excellent. I think you're right, it probably has been a couple of years, maybe since your were twelve and had that dry stage and decided you didn't need to wear your Goodnight anymore. Let's not make any hasty decisions like that again just yet though." She smiled encouragingly at him. "But why didn't you just throw it out though?"

Dan looked a bit sheepish. "I guess I didn't want to, like, you know, waste em or something. I saw the price sticker, and I know how much they cost you, and I thought it seemed kinda wasteful to throw out a dry one. I've still got the one I wore for the past coupla nights as well. That was dry, but the tapes didn't want to stick together anymore. I thought I might be able to like, maybe keep them for emergencies or something. I could maybe put a pair of undies or my onesie on over them to keep it up or something?"

"Oh Danny, you're such a sweet boy for even thinking like that. But I'd rather you just threw them out. Yes, I know they're not cheap, but the ones I've ordered online will be here soon, and they were a lot cheaper. Listen sweetie, if you need them, you need them. I wouldn't ask you to wear something broken or no good just to save a dollar or two. If you think you can use them properly, fine, do so, but it's not necessary. We'll have a big box of them shortly," she smiled again, "and you never know, there's a chance that you may be starting to grow out of it! I don't want to get your hopes up, but these past 3 nights may be the start of the end, if you get what I mean. But I still want you to stay protected until we know for sure, okay?"

Dan smiled in agreeance. When his mother left, he pulled on another Goodnight, put his onesie on over the top, and then his school uniform. He paused briefly before going downstairs, just to send Amy a quick message.

"Hello my little Catholic girl. I love you lots. Good luck at the dentist today!"

He had learned by now that Amy didn't always respond to early messages. Apparently being a girl meant that extra time was required to get ready for school. She sometimes didn't respond at all. When his phone vibrated within seconds, he was a bit surprised.

"Thanks Catholic boy. I love you heaps. Have a good day, can't wait till Friday! xxx"

Dan then packed his bag with his change of clothes and spare pull ups, and went downstairs to where his mother was waiting to leave. Within 5 minutes, they were backing out of the driveway, and heading for breakfast.

Sue parked, and they headed towards the shopping complex. She posted a bundle of envelopes, then found an ATM where she made a withdrawal, and slipped him some money from it. After that, they made their way to the cafe to order breakfast. They both ordered a bacon and egg sandwich, with Sue having a cappuccino, and Daniel getting a large orange juice.

They chatted happily over breakfast, with the conversation being mainly about what the kids were likely to get up to over the upcoming weekend. Dan ascertained that his mum had no plans of her own, and was therefore likely to be home, at least most of the time. He had hoped that she would be going out for at least a while, allowing them to indulge in some naughty wetting games in private. They may need to make some careful plans he decided.

Breakfast over, Dan drained the last of his juice, and they headed for the car. He considered going to the toilet, but he felt absolutely no need to go, and they would be at school within 20 minutes, so he didn't bother.

Sue piloted the car back to the freeway, and they turned south. The freeway was as chaotic as usual, but at least is was moving, albeit slowly. They only needed to stay on it for four exits anyway, and while it was the slowest part of their morning commute, it was still quicker than going the back way through the suburbs.

They creeped their way past three exits slowly but surely, but eventually the traffic ground to a halt. This wasn't particularly unusual, as it seemed even the smallest accident or breakdown caused mayhem, with traffic being slowed down for miles behind sometimes.

This seemed different than normal though. The traffic flow wasn't even moving at all, and after a few minutes Sue remarked, "There must be a bloody accident up here somewhere. Typical. It only takes one moron to stuff it up for everyone else. See if you can find a traffic report on the radio Danny, or try your phone."

Dan tried his phone first, but he didn't subscribe to any news sites, and even Google didn't yield any results. He was reaching for the radio when suddenly the Breakfast Team interrupted their usual chatter with a breaking news traffic report. At the same time, a helicopter flew overhead.

"We're getting reports of a very serious accidents that's only just happened on the Mitchell Freeway Southbound, just near the Vincent St. off ramp. It appears that a truck has rolled over, and there are reports of a car trapped underneath. Eyewitnesses are saying that emergency services haven't arrived as yet, and both lanes are blocked."

At that moment they heard sirens, lots of sirens, and then 5 police cars and 2 ambulances whizzed past in the breakdown lane. 2 fire engines followed shortly afterwards.

Dans attention was again drawn back to the voice in the radio.

"Are you there Lisa"

"Yes Greg. It's Lisa here, reporting live from the Morning FM chopper. We are approaching what appears to be a scene of real carnage here," (Dan thought that she actually sounded quite happy about that,)"It appears that a semi trailer carrying shipping containers has overturned, and it looks like there may be at least one car trapped underneath. Police and ambulance are just arriving, but this look very nasty indeed. I can tell you that traffic is already backing up as far as Whitfords Avenue,and will continue to back up even further. The Mitchell South is going to be closed for a long time I would say, so avoid it at all costs. Allow yourself extra travel time, and seek an alternative route."

Sue sighed. "Easy for them to say. It sounds like it's just at our exit. I can't even turn off the bloody freeway now!"

Time passed slowly. Dan sent Amy another message, wishing her luck again, but this time she didn't respond. It was now 8:20, and he figured that she was probably at the dentist already. He was also starting to worry about being late for school. He mentioned this to his mother, and she snapped at him a bit, saying that she couldn't do anything about it.

By 8:30, more police and ambulances had gone past, but they still hadn't moved. Seeing her son was getting agitated, Sue called Dans school using her hands-free phone, and Dan could here the conversation. The lady at the reception desk at his school thanked Sue for calling, and reassured her that they weren't the only ones stuck in traffic. Apparently a lot of kids were running late, and she told Sue not to worry, just to get there whenever they could. Sue rang her own office next, and had basically the same conversation.

After she had finished, she turned to her son and told him to stop fidgeting around. He wasn't going to be in trouble, so he may as well just settle down and relax.

Dan turned to her, and in a quiet voice answered her.

"I can't help it mum. I really need to do a wee..."

*213*2016-05-30 14:08

Chapter 9:

"How badly do you need to go sweetie, I know it's hard, but can you hold it?"

"I really dunno mum. I'm starting to really feel it now, and you know what that means. It means I'm gonna need to go soon." He crossed his legs.

"I don't know what to say or do Danny. It looks like we're stuck here for a while. Just try and hold on a bit longer, okay?"

Dan just nodded in agreement. The large orange juice he'd drank with his breakfast seemed to be coursing through him, and his urgency was building every minute. Legs still crossed, he put a hand on his crotch, and tried to squeeze and adjust himself through his pull up.

They sat without talking for the next few minutes, the radio being the only distraction from Daniel's predicament. Another traffic update came through, only confirming what they already knew. The freeway was at a standstill, and didn't look like being cleared in the immediate future.

The rescue helicopter approached from behind, and they saw it hovering briefly, before landing on the road ahead, disappearing behind the traffic in front of them as it descended.

Fifteen minutes after they heard the initial report, Danny had crossed and recrossed his legs at least 10 times. He was starting to sweat, as he felt the build up in his bladder reaching epic proportions. He was acutely aware that if he didn't pee safely soon, that an accident was imminent.

Now you might think that if that happened, it wouldn't be a big deal, but to Danny, it was. Yes, his parents had seen and dealt with his wet pants or bed a number of times, but he hadn't actually wet himself in front of them for perhaps 5 years or so. The though of losing control in front of his mother was absolutely mortifying, but he thought it may very well happen.

About 5 uncomfortable minutes later, the passenger door of the car in front of them opened, and a woman got out, then opened the back door, leaning inside and unbuckling a child restraint. Two young boys, aged around 5 or 6 got out, and she led them over to the guardrail, where she helped them to pull their pants down a bit and pee on it. Not long after, a middle aged man in the lane beside them, left his car, climbed over the rail, and relieved himself with his back to the freeway.

"There you go Danny. Why don't you just hop out and do a wee? Other men are doing it. I won't drive off on you or anything, and no one will see you."

Dans reply was somewhat agitated. "I can't mum. I've got my bloody onesie on. I need to take my bloody shorts off to undo the stupid thing. I can't pull my pants down without everyone seeing my onesie and pull up!"

"Alright mate. No need to swear. I get it. But I don't know what else I can do. What about those early strike things you were telling me that you and Amy did. Just going in your pull up to save a big accident. Can you do that maybe?"

Dan recrossed his legs against, and sighed loudly. "I think it's too late for that mum. I'm really gonna wet myself any moment, and these kiddies pull ups won't take it. If I wet now, its gonna leak like crazy everywhere," he sounded like he was on the verge of tears by now, but he continued, "and I don't wanna wet myself in front of you either..."

Sue felt her heart almost breaking a bit. She realised how desperate her young boy was getting, but she was helpless to do anything about it. All she could do was try to reassure him.

"Danny, sweetie. If you have to go, you have to go. You've got a change of pants in your bag, so don't worry about it. Hang on," she reached onto the floor behind her seat, and grabbed a plastic bag that was always left in the car for emergencies. "Here, there's a towel and a packet of wipes in here. Just fold the towel up, and sit on it. Then try to just let a little bit out. You may not leak at all, but if you do, it won't matter. Just try to do enough to make it bearable again, but don't worry about your pants getting wet. If they do, you can just get changed before we get to school.

Feeling acutely embarrassed, Dan accepted the bag without speaking. He folded the towel in half lengthwise, and placed it under his bottom, bringing the two ends up to cover his lap.

"Danny, before you go, take your shirt off first mate. If you do get wet, you don't want to get your school shirt wet as well."

Dan had never felt so humiliated in his life. Here he was, about to deliberately wet himself in front of his mother, and she not only knew, but was helping him plan for it.

He removed his tie first, then untucked his shirt, and threw it onto the back seat. For some reason he found himself kicking his shoes off as well. He didn't know why, but he felt like he'd be able to relax better without his shoes on. He finished up sitting in his seat, his onesie looking like a tucked in T Shirt, knee length grey socks covering his crossed legs, and a folded towel covering his lap. He was squeezing himself tightly under the towel.

He managed to surprise himself by maintaining control for another few minutes, but suddenly he spasmed, and felt a warmth spreading in his pull up.

"Mum...I'm gonna wet myself!" He whimpered.

Trying to maintain some semblance of control, he spread his legs a bit, and tried to slowly release a bit. He was almost successful. He peed for around ten seconds, feeling the hot liquid running over his genitals, before pooling in the back of his pull up. He managed to stem the flow, and gave a shudder as he stopped urinating.

Sue was trying not to look. She was acutely aware of her sons predicament, and didn't want to make it any worse than it had to be. But it was hard to ignore it altogether. If you're trapped in close quarters with somebody who's wetting their pants, it's almost impossible to ignore. She was watching him from the corner of her eye, and saw him suddenly hunch forward, and move his had quickly into his lap under the towel.

Tentatively she asked "You okay Danny? All finished?"

"No mum. I don't think so. I just did a pee, but I stopped. I don't think I leaked yet, but I haven't finished."

Dan started to cry. "Mummy. I don't wanna wet my pants."

"Shhhh. Sweetie. It doesn't matter. I know you can't help it. Don't worry about it. Just do it, and get it over with. We're gonna be here for a while, and you'll feel a lot better once you've done a wee. Don't panic, just finish up, and we'll get you changed before school, alright?"

Dan nodded morosely. He had suddenly realised that he had no further choice in the matter. As his mother was talking, he had felt his penis twitch again, and he'd started peeing again, harder than before, even before she had finished speaking.

His right hand, gripping himself underneath the towel, suddenly got wet.

Without even worrying anymore, he pulled the towel back in horror and looked at his crotch. It was a good thing he didn't glance at his mother, as he would have seen her looking as well, as his light grey shorts suddenly blossomed a much darker shade of grey. The wetness wasn't confined to between his legs either, but spread rapidly from nearly the waistband on the front, to covering the entire inside legs of his pants.

"Mum. I've wet myself." Was all he could say.

"It's alright Danny. Don't panic. It's not the end of the world, okay? We'll sort it out, alright?"

He didn't respond, just pulled the two ends of the towel back over his lap. Sue saw a single tear running down his boyish face, and thought that she may start crying herself, but she knew if she did, then the situation could spiral out of control. She had to stay in control, for Dans sake.

For the next 30 minutes, nothing happened. They sat in silence, just listening to the radio, Danny continuing to sob softly to himself.

Sue saw movement in her side mirror, and swivelled around to see a policeman walking down the row of cars, stopping to talk to everyone.

"Danny, put your bag on your lap mate. There's a policeman coming to talk to us."

Dan complied without speaking, just picking his bag up and placing it to cover his wet pants.

Soon, the officer was at the window. He explained that traffic wasn't going to go forward anytime soon, so they were going to start allowing the cars to turn around, one at a time, and drive back to the last exit to get off the freeway.

It was a slow and tedious process, but after nearly an hour, Sues turn came to do a 3 point turn, and drive back to the last off ramp, where there was another policewoman directing traffic, alternating between the traffic flowing from the north, to the traffic coming the "wrong way" from the south.

By the time they were off the freeway, it was nearly 11 o'clock. Dan was still silent, with an occasional tear running down his face still. He had fully wet his pants in front of his mother, but could still feel an urge to go. He didn't know what he was going to do. He couldn't go to school like this, and couldn't exactly go into a public toilet either in his saturated pants.

"Mum. Can we just go home please? I don't wanna go to school anymore. I just wanna go home now."

"Danny mate, I would if I could, I promise. But I've got a very important meeting at lunchtime, and I can still make it on time. If I take you home, I'm screwed. I'd let you come to work with me if I could, but I'm going to a big luncheon with my bosses."

Dan sighed exasperatedly. "But mum. I've pissed myself! How the hell am I gonna get changed? I can't go to school like this! And I can't really go and get changed in a toilet anywhere. I'm soaked!"

"Calm down Daniel! Watch your language! I get it. But I've got an idea. Bear with me on this."

A few minutes later, Sue indicated, then turned off into the car park of a big shopping centre. She took the ramp down into the underground parking lot, and drove around until she found a spot next to a wall.

"Here we go Danny. I want you to get out quickly while there's nobody around. Stand by the car, and do another wee if you still need too. You probably will once you stand up. When you've finished, hop into the backseat and take your wet things off. I'll stand with my back to the side window so nobody will see you. Clean up with the wet wipes, then put a new pull up on and your change of pants."

Dan started to speak up, but his mother cut him off. "Don't bloody well argue with me mate. It's the only place I can think of where you can get changed privately. Just hurry up and do it!"

Sighing with exasperation, Dan agreed to do as he was told. While he didn't like it, he was forced to admit that it was s pretty good idea.

He got out of the car, and realised that yes, he did still need to pee. He stood close to the car and relaxed his bladder, feeling the undelivered pee in his bladder suddenly escape. His already sodden pull up sagged, and he soon had a pee trail runner from his shorts. He quickly moved his socked left foot out of the way, but not before he'd peed on it a little bit.

He didnt pee for long, but by the time he'd finished, the inside legs of his shorts didn't have a dry spot anywhere on them, and there was a puddle the size of a dinner plate between his socks.

He quickly got into the backseat, and once his mother had stood in front of the window and turned her back, he started getting changed.

Sitting on the towel, he removed his shorts and boxers in one motion. Then, he raised his bum off the seat, and felt between his legs for the studs on his onesie. His onesie felt saturated all through his crotch, halfway up his bum, and all over the front flap. He managed to undo it, then slip it over his head, and drop it on top of his wet shorts. Again he raised his hips, and slid the soaked pull up off as well.

Now naked, apart from his knee socks, he quickly patted himself dry, and then wiped himself over with a handful of wipes. He then quickly stepped into another Goodnight, dry boxers, and new shorts. He didn't have a spare onesie, so that couldn't be replaced. Bare chested, he got out of the car, then slipped his shirt and tie on. Back in the front seat once more, he pulled his shoes on without undoing the laces, (a habit his mother absolutely hated) and again he was ready for school.

When they finally got to St Marks, lunchtime was well underway. By the time Daniel registered at the office, it was almost over. He hadn't eaten, but wasn't in the slightest bit hungry either. He just wanted to get the day over with, and go home. Not feeling up to talking with anyone, Dan just hung around the office area until just before the siren went. He just didn't feel like trying to be upbeat around Ali and his friends at the moment.

His plan worked well, and soon enough he was safely in his classroom, where with a bit of luck, he'd be able to just chill out until afternoon recess at least. His work output wasn't very productive, but at least he had the chance to pull himself together again.

All went well until 2:00 o'clock.

Then, there was a knock on the door, and one of the receptionist ladies came in. She went up to Dans teacher, a priest named Father Brandon, and whispered in his ear. Father Brandon looked at her, then nodded in what seemed like an approval. He then pointed straight at Dan.

"Daniel, can you go with Mrs Haversham please? And take your bag with you too."

The whispers started before he'd left the room. This was what normally happened when someone was getting expelled, especially for stuff that happened after school. Some older kids had been called to the office like this once before, and there had been cops waiting for them to question them about a burglary. The question on everyone's lips was, "What had Dan done?"

Dan himself wasn't too worried. He'd done nothing wrong, so he wasn't concerned that he might be in trouble. He was at most a bit concerned.

Mrs Haversham took him straight to the Principals office, Father Rowan. She knocked on the door, and a voice ushered her to come in, which she did, after hold the door open for Dan.

Danny was bewildered when he saw his mother sitting there, right in front of Father Rowans desk, and she looked extremely upset about something.

Dan felt his blood go cold. The first thought he had was for his father. Something must have gone wrong on his site. His voice shaking, Dan asked,

"What's wrong mum? Is it Dad? Is he okay? What's happened?"

Sue got up quickly, ran to her boy and held him.

"No Dan. Your daddy's alright. It's not him."

She shuddered as if cold.

"Danny. Baby. That accident this morning. On the freeway. Dan, I'm so sorry, but that was Sonia's car. Her and Amy were going to the dentist. Danny, sweetheart, they didn't survive. They passed away darling, and I'm so so sorry."

###

Dan sat in the back of the church. It was the first funeral he'd been too, and he was surprised how numb he felt.

There were two caskets up the front, a full size one, made of Rosewood, with large bronze handles, and a smaller white one, with silver handles.

The white coffin had a picture of a beautiful young blonde haired girl, wearing a Catholic school uniform and laughing loudly at something.

She looked happy in that photo, he thought.

###

The End.

*219*2016-05-31 05:20

Don't panic yet. I think I will rewrite and continue.

I've been enjoying writing this so much, and really do want to continue with it.

It just got to the point where the kids have another weekend coming up, and I want to keep it fresh and exciting, without it turning into another stale story that just keeps re-hashing over the same old ground. I kept thinking about what I was going to do that wasn't going to just be a repeat of last weekends antics, and I had a few ideas.

But the first weekend went for 70 bloody chapters! Then I started thinking about how Dan still hasn't "come out" too his friends yet, and I saw another biblical epic in front of me.

This led me to thinking of how, if ever, I would ever finish it.

Being only 14, marriage and a lifetime commitment probably isn't feasible, and I wondered what to do. The thought of having tragedy strike both kids at once, and perish in some fantastic catastrophe came to me, but that was just cliche.

Eventually I got a bit obsessed with the idea of a major plot twist, and that was the result.

It was extremely difficult for me to write, as I have a lot of time and effort invested in these kids.

But at the same time, I couldn't shake the idea, and felt like I had to try it. The end result was something that, if I'm to be completely honest about, I wasn't particularly happy with.

As I said at the start, I'm basically writing it for my own enjoyment, and personally, I want them to have another wet weekend together.

But I had to try the dramatic ending, just for my own interest.

I think I'll re-write it, and continue on with the saga.

Thanks to all who responded. I'm really glad your enjoying it as well.

More to come shortly.

Barry.

*222*2016-05-31 12:12

Now that I have your attention, we will proceed with option 2.0. The revised version. Lol.

Chapter 9.5

Trying to get changed quickly and efficiently in the back seat of the small car was hard, and it didn't help that Dan felt miserable and useless.

His parents had seen the final outcome of his weak bladder a number of times. He was used to washing his sheets and pyjamas regularly, and quite often his underwear or onesie got a bit wet, and sometimes his pants as well, but it just never happened in front of them, well, not for a long time anyway. It was one thing to come inside from playing and have to change, putting your wet pants in the washing machine afterwards, but it was another thing entirely to just sit beside your mother, and wet yourself. The fact that Dan had too wear a pull up, and had overflowed that as well, just somehow made it even worse.

He remembered an incident when he had been about 12.

Back then, his daytime wetting was virtually non existent. Yes, he did occasionally leak a little bit, but he hadn't had a full on daytime accident for a couple of years.

He remembered the time when he'd been playing in the pool all afternoon. Before dinner, his mother had made him go and shower. Being the middle of summer, it had been hot, so after his shower, Danny had worn only a pair of thin white cotton pyjama shorts, with nothing underneath them, and no shirt.

After dinner, his parents had gone outside for a smoke, and a glass of wine, just to relax and enjoy the sunset. Danny had gone to his trampoline, and started practicing his front flip. He hadn't been able to master it yet.

It was starting to get dark, and Danny had needed to pee. He hadn't wanted to go inside, because he knew that would be the sign for his parents to pack up, go inside as well, and make him stay there. He considered the idea of hopping off, then doing a wee beside the shed, but for no real reason, had decided not to.

He remembered how his father had gotten up, and told him it was time to go in, and his mother started to follow. In a last ditch effort to gain a few extra minutes, Dan had called her over.

"Mum! Mum! Come here! Watch me do a somersault!"

His mother had tried to dissuade him."No, come on mate. It's inside time now. I'll watch you later."

"Come on mum! Just for a moment. Watch me do a flip first, then I'll come in with ya!"

Sighing exaggeratedly, Sue had acquiesced, and walked over to watch her boy do a flip.

Dans need to pee had been building quickly, particularly as he'd had a big glass of juice with his dinner, but he was determined to show off his new trick first. He waited till his mother was standing there, albeit impatiently, and he'd started to bounce.

The next thing he new, he was wetting himself. As he started bouncing in place, trying to gain some height, his bladder had just let go. He had grabbed the front of his pyjama shorts as he tried to stop bouncing, and basically just peed all over his hand.

He jumped off the trampoline, and ran for the side of the shed, but it had been way too late. His shorts were soaked, and virtually transparent. His legs and feet were glistening with wetness in the glow of the patio lights.

Feeling dumbstruck, he could do no more than waddle up to his mother, and announce in a small voice, "My pants are wet mummy."

Sue was a bit stunned, but not exactly shocked. "Daniel, why did you do that? Why didn't you go to the toilet earlier?"

Dan was nearly crying. "I'm sorry mummy. I didn't mean to. I just wanted to show you my flip first....."

Sue sighed again. "Alright Danny. Listen to me. I'll distract your father, you go straight to your room and have a wash. You've got another pair of jammies just like those ones, so put them on. Leave your wet ones in the bathroom. Your dad will only carry on if he sees you with wet pants. Perhaps I should let him. Maybe you need him to talk to you?"

"No mum! Please! Don't tell dad I wet myself. I'll get changed. It won't happen again. I swear!"

Sue hadn't told on him, and Peter never found out. But the fact that he'd wet himself directly in front of his mum, while pleading with her to watch him, was something he never quite got over. It wasn't ever mentioned again, but Dan knew that she remembered it.

Now, it was 2 years later, and again he'd wet his pants while she watched. He knew it was different circumstances, but it didn't stop him from feeling completely embarrassed.

This flashback played through his memory as he sat in the back of the car, his knee socks the only thing stopping him from being the true definition of the word naked.

As quickly as possible, he used a handful of wet wipes and the towel to clean himself, then got dressed again, starting with a new Goodnight, then clean boxers and shorts from his bag. He didn't have a clean onesie, so that couldn't be swapped, and he got out of the car to put his shirt and tie back on.

Sue piped up. "Now Danny, put all your wet stuff and the towel into the plastic bag, and take those wipes and your pull up to that bin over there.

He did as he was told, but as he walked towards the bin, a soggy pull up folded around a bunch of wet wipes in his hand, he walked past a young mother strapping her baby into its pram. He had a cold feeling that she was going to look up, and recognise what he was holding, but she paid him no attention at all, much to his relief.

It turned out the front seat had still gotten a bit wet, even with Dan sitting on the towel as he peed, so he sat in the back instead.

He felt completely miserable as they left the car park, but suddenly his phone beeped. He had a message from Amy.

"Sorry couldn't reply earlier Danny. I was at the stupid dentist. I got new filling, now can't eat, cept for ice cream, and I'm not touching that again! Glad I wore a tape up. Got so scared I wet myself! We just missed a huge prang on the freeway to! Will tell ya bout it after. Cya tomorrow. Luv u! xxx"

Dan was feeling better by the time he got to school.

Life wasn't too bad, he thought.

*224*2016-05-31 13:51

{{13 minutes ago, alexwbj said:

Barry, you always had my attention, lol. And that of numerous other readers I expect. I know from experience that it can be discouraging as an author of a story when not many people give feedback. Rest assured that for every one reader who says so there are a dozen who are staying mum. I myself, when I am enjoying reading a story, rarely write comments. In the case of this story I was very motivated to let you know how much I was enjoying it but because there were so many chapters I was waiting until I had finished reading the whole thread, over a period of days, before writing. So believe me, you have followers even if they are invisible, but I would encourage people reading this to let Barry know if you're enjoying it, because it can be lonely and frustrating for an author not to know if there are any readers out there.

I was thinking that you might want to worm your way out of that last ending through the (admittedly a bit cheap) device of revealing afterwards that it was just a bad dream...

Alex

}}

Thanks mate. Glad you're enjoying it.

But seriously, it's not a matter of needing to be patted on the head, and being told I'm doing a good job.

In truth, I am genuinely enjoying writing this. I'm not doing it for positive feedback, but because I'm actually really into the story myself.

Hence the sudden death plot twist.

The idea came to me, and wouldn't leave. I really wanted to continue with it, but I was a bit worried about it getting stale. The idea of "going out in a blaze of glory" was enticing. I mean let's face it, it has to end sometime. I personally don't want it to end yet, but I couldn't shake the idea that a big twist like that could work.

I sweated over it for awhile, and thought I might be able to make it work, but it just didn't.

I think that it probably didn't work, because deep down I wanted to continue with it, and my heart wasn't in it. And it showed in the final draft.

I have so much more that I want these kids to do, and as much as I felt that a glorious, exciting twist would be a gripping finale, I honestly wasn't happy with it.

After reading it at least a dozen times, I thought that for my own peace of mind, that the story had more to tell.

Whether or not people will stay with it, remains to be seen. But I know that for myself at least, I have more to offer with it.

Simply because I'm enjoying doing so.

I have a lot of ideas, except for the finish.

I honestly have no idea on what the eventual finish will be. I just don't want it to end all fucking flowers and rainbows. It needs a realistic bite somehow, but not necessarily a tragic one.

Writing Amy's death was very difficult. Personally, I've grown to love both these kids, and I felt like I'd short changed her somewhat. Basically, it didn't work.

I may have to continue it without a definitive ending, and just let it Peter out, but that seems like a cop out as well.

I'm not gunna stress to much at this stage. After 80 odd chapters, with at least the same to go by the looks of it, I'll just keep going until I get sick of it I guess!

I hope it doesn't become too mediocre just because I want to continue it though, that's what worries me I suppose. I don't want to overdo it just for the sake of it.

And if I can't kill em, what am I gonna do with them????

Lol. I just realised this is my 600th post. It really should've been more noteworthy than this, just like my original ending should have been.

Thank you very much for showing an interest. I'm grateful.

Barry.

$$

