The Experiment

Author: OrionsBelt

*000*2020-03-16 06:12

Hey all, after lurking on this site for about 3 years now, I thought it was about time to finally make an account and post some of my own fiction to share with the world.

This is my very first piece of omo fiction, so any constructive criticism is greatly appreciated, as well as any feedback in general, as it will motivate me to continue writing.

My goal is to develop this story over Spring Break and perhaps write more stories, with recurring characters, (Cassidy in this case).

Hope you enjoy!

###

Cassidy stepped into her small apartment after a long day. After having taken two midterms and a couple hours with her besties, the 20 year old finally got to her apartment just after midnight. Celebrating the beginning of Spring Break, Cass and her friends went out on the town and enjoyed a girls night out, 100% sober, of course. But today had left Cassidy exhausted, mentally and physically.

Speaking of physically, Cassidy’s bladder knew she was home, and began to request to be relieved. Cass quickly dumped her things on the small kitchen counter and bobbed slightly to regain control and her composure, and let out a soft moan.

“Ahhhhhh… fuckkkkkkk”. She stayed in the state for several seconds, moaning and groaning quietly under her breath. She thought back to her busy day. She woke up on time at eight in the morning and went throughout her routine, breakfast, shower, brushing teeth, peeing, before heading out for a short walk to her first midterm at 9:30. She studied well, and it showed, finishing well in time with confidence in her answers. She handed in her exam and headed to the dining hall at 12:30, where she grabbed a bite to eat and do some last review.

Along with a big glass of milk at breakfast and draining her 1.5L water bottle over the exam, she added two glasses of cola and refilled her water, which she was halfway through before leaving for her second, and last class at 2 o'clock. The second midterm went much as the first, although not as flawlessly, but was confidently turned in by Cass at 5:30. Now with the weight off her shoulders, she could now begin to enjoy her spring break. At that point, a new weight emerged in her bladder, which had begun to make its presence known to Cassidy. However, she pushed it aside, and hopped on the next bus to the college Main Street, to meet up with her friends, Jen and Nicole. The rest was kind of a blur, but it was a blast nonetheless, enjoying their new freedom.

All the while, Cass's bladder had been surely and steadily filling with liquid. On top of all the drinks she had through her second midterm, she guzzled about 6 more glasses of soda, a few waters, and a few sips of beer. Maybe it was more 99% sober when she got back. All that accumulates to a sore and aching bladder that begs for the release of it's many contents that had been holding since she woke up, 16 hours ago.

After regaining her composure, she assessed the situation. Normally, any person who just did a little pee dance and holding 16 hours of fluid would rush to use the bathroom. But not Cass, she thought she would be able to hold for just a little longer, and neglected to use the bathroom.

Despite having quite a few opportunities to relieve herself during the day, especially this obvious one, Cass elected to hold longer. The reason why dates back to her teen years.

Cass was always infamous among her friends as having a very weak bladder. Even in her later teens she had a puppy bladder, and her friends would tease her with it, and sometimes even be annoyed when she announced she had to relieve herself for what seemed the millionth time. When Cassidy turned 18 she decided enough was enough and that, like any other muscle, the bladder's muscles can be trained. And so she did, withholding herself from the bathroom and strengthening her capacity. This had a consequence, Cass found a certain… niche out of her "exercise". Holding to her limits also made it extremely relieving when the time came to finally void her bladder. So much so, she began to take pleasure out of it. Everytime she held her bladder's contents she looked forward to the orgasmic relief that would follow.

This kicked her libido into high-gear. Up until then Cass was not known for being very flirty, some of her friends might've even called her a prude or a bit awkward. But all of sudden it seemed she was teasing and wearing more revealing clothing. If you caught Cass on a good day, and she was in the mood for it, she might give a wink and a little bounce from her D-size bust or a little wiggle from her bubbly rump.

With that holding practice, she's expanded her holding capacity well into the double digits, while exploring… "new opportunities" with her kink. Full bladder masturbation, wettings, rapid desperation, you name it, she's done it. She had her no-go zones such as diapers and God forbid she wet herself in public, but in private, this was her world.

Cass sat down on her couch to relax and removed her top, allowing her breasts to free themselves. She forgoed a bra, as well as panties today, partially for the thrill, but mostly because she hadn't done any laundry in awhile. Cass unbuttoned her tight jeans but did not remove them. The unbuttoning allowed her strained bladder to expand, and she exhaled in relief, as well as in pleasure. She was beginning to get a bit horny. Cass grabbed the remote and turned on one of her favorite romance shows. She lightly played with herself as she spread her legs far apart, to the point she grimaced slightly from the burden. Nevertheless, her dam stayed shut, keeping the boiling, pent up piss locked away.

It was almost 2 am, after watching an underwhelming episode of that romance show, she started binging her favorite anime, losing track of time, and her bladder and libido. As the outro for the show rolled, Cass gave out a long yawn.

“Welp, time for bed.” she said to herself as she got up from her couch, a bit too fast, evidently. The quick movement caused the massive weight in her abdomen to shift, as her bladder, which began to bulge out by a little more than a half inch, sent screams of desperation and threats of release to her brain. In which this elicited a response from Cassidy.

“Oooooohhhhh, fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuck…” She moaned rather loudly, as she struggled to not spring a leak from her swollen bladder and hopped from foot to foot, pee dancing like her life depended on it. While it mostly served to make sure her living room floor stayed dry, part of it was from her own excitement, and that moan could be confused for something more sensual, the way it sounded. It was definitely time to go use the toilet, and Cass began to make the quick trip to her bathroom, through her bedroom.

On the trip Cass decided to take a quick look at her phone and catch up on any notifications she may have missed over her busy day. Entering her bedroom, one of the notifications read:

URGENT: Biomedical Study Opportunity (WILL PAY HANDSOMELY)

This intrigued Cass, and she opened the email which she skimmed through quickly as she entered the bathroom. “Looking for volunteers, blah blah blah, will pay well, yada yada yada, Arrive at 10 am sharp…” Cass read to herself as she removed her jeans and began to place her large rump on the toilet and relaxed her sphincter and bladder muscles.

However, the next line caught her by surprise, just as she was about to commence a torrential piss.

VERY IMPORTANT: DO NOT USE RESTROOM WITHIN 12 HOURS BEFORE BEGINNING STUDY

Cass immediately stood up from the toilet and gave a tyrannical grip on her crotch. "Mmmmmmmhmmmmmmmnnnnnghhhhhhh… oh god oh godddddddddddd" she exclaimed in desperation. She could feel the boiling piss in her urethra and she had to keep it back to prevent completely losing control. She began to leak considerably, her hands and inner thighs receiving a fair amount of the warm liquid on their skin. But she was able to stop the leaks, but it took her a full minute to completely regain control of her very sore and desperate bladder.

This reaction demands an explanation. After a dismal first two semesters living in a prison cell-esque room with a terrible roommate, Cassidy decided to live off campus, and found a great deal for a single bedroom apartment. But, it would have to be paid out of pocket outside her college loans. Her hunt for a job yielded little promise, with little work to go around in her small college town and no work flexible enough for her full-time student lifestyle. Running out of options, Cassidy came upon the work of volunteer studies.

By volunteering her body to test out different medicines and remedies by medical and biology studies, she was able to make a tidy revenue off of it, enough to support her new apartment. One would be concerned over shelling her body out to this experimentation, but oftentimes these experiments did absolutely nothing to her, and she would get paid in full regardless. The times the experimental medication did anything it did very little, the worst side-effect she ever got from one of those experiments was being very drowsy for about two days.

However, it's been a while since a study, and Cassidy has been running out of spending money, so seeing this opportunity to be "handsomely" paid was appealing.

Cass was befuddled that the important notification was sent within that 12 hour window. Then she looked at the email's recieval time: 4:08 PM.

"Well, that explains it." Having not checked her email since early in the morning before exams, she was kicking herself because had she noticed, she could have a nice pee well before the study's time the next morning. Cass contemplating taking that much needed piss anyway, but didn't want to risk losing the strong opportunity. Cass read through the email throughly, noting the address and how to get there, making sure she did not miss anything, and as she did so she shimmied her legs up and down, pressing her legs together with considerable pressure. The email did not mention what would be happening in the study or who would be conducting the study, which was not uncommon. The directions it gave were very explicit, however.

Cassidy looked at the clock on her phone. 2:10. All she had to do was sleep, get up kinda early, get to the study, and do whatever they wanted to do, then get to go pee, as long as it didn't take too long. She could hold it that long, she just had to be careful.

Cassidy removed her jeans, as she enjoyed sleeping naked. She got into bed and set an alarm on her phone for nine in the morning. Cass's huge storage of piss kept her up for a few minutes, which also gave time for her to ponder what kind of study she would be partaking in the morning. Maybe she needs to take an ultrasound? That's the only thing she could really think of, before a desperate spasm caused her to react slightly: "mhmm", she groaned, before drifting off to sleep.

(Cassidy 1.1)

