The Library -- my attempt at Lovecraft

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2014-03-10 23:31

This library, which my uncle had once promised I would have after his death, had for all my childhood replaced the forests and ruins that others would have spent their time exploring. It was in these countless halls, under the frescoes of celestial bodies that adorned the high ceilings, and between the looming bookcases, that I spent most of my waking hours, always hoping to find a section I had not yet discovered. This was my shrine, and every bookshelf I found felt as much like a gift from above as a product of my own labour; all the more so when my uncle confessed ignorance of some of the sections I had come by.

It may be surprising, then, that I make this account in the margins of a book I presume to be both rare and illuminating; a book, moreover, with which I could not even allow myself to be seen. Should my uncle ever come upon these words, it shall be the end of me, and only the fear that I may not live to see him again allows me to continue writing; that fear, in turn, eclipsed by my dread for the one who has just now passed by the bookcase I am now lying upon. Man or beast, I do not know, nor do I know which would be more terrifying; for, during the long moments of proximity that I had to endure, I felt, stronger even than the repulsion and terror, a ghastly familiarity with that horrid being.

I cannot quite place why I go to such great efforts to conceal myself from it; why I lie here, barely containing my overfull bladder and scarcely breathing for fear of it hearing me. I dare not even look over the edge of the book case, despite its footsteps clearly moving away, and curiosity being so integral a part of my nature. It was, after all, my curiosity that had initially gotten me into this mess, when against the warnings of my uncle I decided to take but the briefest look at the contents of the Plutonian Hall; the one hall in all the library that I was not to enter.

Let me start at the beginning. This morning, I was busy with my usual studies; Latin, to be precise, translating the works of Horace. I must admit that I have an almost unhealthy fascination with his poetry, and it was only by the direst need that I was at last forced to give up my pursuit -- and even then, I had grabbed the book and was still reading as I made my way through the library. How I managed to lose my way in the halls I had grown up in is still a mystery, but when I at long last reached the door that I now desperately longed for and swiftly entered, I found myself not in the porcelain chamber I had expected to see, but in the hall I am still in, with the brown planet overhead.

The urgency of nature's call and all my uncle's cautionary words were knocked out of my head by the sense of discovery I felt at that moment. These bookshelves were not merely new to me; they clearly contained books on matters I had not even dreamed of. I placed Horace on the nearest shelf, making sure to remember the location, and then strolled down a passage at random, absorbing the atmosphere: the gleaming floors, the mahogany wood of the shelves, and best of all, books so ancient I could scarcely believe they were still intact. I had not seen so many unfamiliar books since my uncle had allowed me into the Venusian Hall when I turned fifteen, and I had then anticipated what I may find within. These, on the contrary, were the most alien works I had ever set eyes upon; this book, which I now defile with my account, is a prime example.

Quite frankly, I am not altogether sure why I chose this book amongst the many. I had not even walked the entire area of the hall when my body reminded me of my initial goal, and I had to take a momentary stop to compose myself. I would not stay overlong, I told myself, and then my eyes fell upon this book. The title seemed fitting of my predicament, and I felt confident enough in my Latin to brave it. I found the first poem rather bizarre, and went on in hopes of understanding more; when taking the book I had meant to but briefly skim it and then put it back, and then hurry before it was too late. As it happened, I don't know how long I stood there, reading poem after poem. I would probably have kept reading until my body gave up on me, had I not heard the footsteps.

What happened next, I still do not fully understand. I was in the middle of a pathway, and the footsteps were definitely heading towards me. A few more seconds and I would be seen, but I could not afford to make any noise by fleeing, lest I give myself away. Even if I ran, I could not predict how my uncle would move well enough to hide from him. At that point, I was still sure it was simply my uncle, and that I was fleeing to make sure he did not see me here (or see me wetting myself, for that matter; I do not know which is worse), and my mind was slow to obey. It was my body that grabbed a nearby ladder to the upper shelves and in two quick quick leaps I found found myself on top of the bookshelf, lying down as flat as I could be. I can feel that my bladder did not handle those leaps well, but at that moment I could not care less. The moment my back touched the wood, I suddenly knew that whoever was down there, it was not my uncle.

I'll complete my account later; I can hardly hold on any longer, and I fear I won't make it as it is. The footsteps are gone now, so there is hope I can make my escape. I cannot see any--

My god! The floor! The planet! How could I be so blind? It was there, it was there all along! Why did I not look? How am I still alive? Could it have not seen me? God, why am I still writing this? I saw the thing, in the tiles on the floor, in the planet on the ceiling, I saw it move-- It's looking at me! Am I wasting time by delaying? Should I lie still in hopes it will leave me alone? I can't lie still! It's too much, please, I need to pee, I want to live, I can't think straight like this! Oh god, it's moving, it's moving, I leaked, I have to run, I have to pee--

Crap. I can't hold it. The thing is crawling closer and I'm too relieved to even be properly scared. I didn't realise it was this much... What am I doing? The thing is coming, I have to run, I have to run!

