The Desperate Assistant

Author: Tempest

*000*2012-04-10 22:46

"Good morning, Miss Brooke!" were the first words I heard as I walked through the front doors of my building. Today was my first day at my new job as assistant to the CEO of Vibrant Industries, an upscale architecture design firm. I spent what seemed like hours getting ready for the big day, and even though it was only 8:00AM the Arizona heat was already at full tilt. As such, I put together a comfortable but professional ensemble of a simple white top and a flirty but tasteful pink skirt. I had the worst time finding a pair of shoes to match so I snagged a pair of white heels walking out the door, forgetting how uncomfortable they were.

“Good morning!” I chimed back to the receptionist, forgetting her name completely. “Um... can you point me to my office please?” The girl behind the desk was young and absolutely stunning. “Third door on the right, ma'am,” she replied cheerfully, and with that I made my way, my heels obnoxiously clicking on the marble floors. My office wasn't at all what I was expecting. It wasn't exactly done being arranged yet, so my dreams of a large executive desk with a large leather chair were instead replaced with a stark metal desk and a run-of-the-mill pleather chair that looked like it had been in storage for quite some time. The curtains over my window were shiny and burgundy in color, and reminded me of a tablecloth.

As I stood frowning at the decorations I heard a deep voice behind me. “Morning, Kelly,” and I turned to face a well-groomed businessman with enough gel in his hair to form a helmet on his head. “Ah, Mister Douglas – good morning.” Jeff Douglas was the CEO himself and was double-fisting Styrofoam cups. “I brought you some coffee and your first assignment,” he said, holding the cup out to me. I took it carefully and thanked him. “I need you to do something with my inbox, it's out of control and there has to be a better way to deal with it.”

“Not a problem, Mister Douglas,” I said confidently. “Good. If you can just sort through everything by the end of the day that would be great. I'll have everything brought to your office.”

“An entire day to sort papers? Best job ever!” I thought to myself, and when he left I took my seat and attempted to settle in.

Shortly after, an old woman pushing a gigantic cart sauntered up to my office. I checked the clock. “Mail time at 8:45 in the morning? And what would I be getting already anyway?” I thought to myself, eying her. “Mister Douglas' inbox, Miss Brooke”, the woman croaked at me. My eyes grew wide as she struggled to move the overburdened cart to my desk. “Oh... thank you...” I trailed off, staring in awe at the size of my task. He wanted it sorted by the end of the day, and I wanted to make a good impression more than anything. I sat down and wheeled myself over to the cart and began sorting. Now I don't know what they put in the coffee there, but it's absolutely amazing. And I don't know how much you know about sorting mail, but it's really boring. As the hours passed I felt myself doze off several times, and every time that happened I'd get up and get another cup of coffee. This process repeated itself over and over, and the stack of junk this man possessed never seemed to dwindle.

I was on my fifth cup before I realized I hadn't eaten yet, and as I got up to take my break and go to the bathroom, I encountered Jeff in the lobby. “Ah, there you are Kelly. Listen, we're going to have to cut the day short today, there's an electricity upgrade happening this afternoon and we're going to be out of power for the rest of the night. The people will be here at three, so we need to be gone by then. Think you can have my inbox ready before then?” I should have said no, but vastly underestimating the size of my task and eager to please the man, I replied, “Of course, Mister Douglas! I was just going to the restroom and I'll get right back to it. “Great, thanks Kelly,” he said and walked off. I sighed heavily and started walking to the bathrooms. I wasn't even halfway there when I noticed the clock. It was almost one in the afternoon already and I wasn't even close to finishing. I immediately panicked and wheeled around, making a beeline back to my desk.

With an exasperated groan I plopped back into my chair and began feverishly sorting. I had developed a rather intricate sorting system that could not have been further from time-efficient. I was jittery from all the coffee and immediately began to regret not going to the bathroom. My bladder was quite full and I bounced a leg constantly as I tackled the never-ending mountain of papers. It wasn't long until I began to break a sweat from the effort, and I reached into my desk and pulled out a large bottle of water I brought in. My mouth was dry and I was sure I could just stop by the bathrooms at the end of the day without any problems. Taking a giant swig of water, I winced as my bladder reminded me that it was straining to keep up with my fluid intake. I took a deep breath and pressed on.

I was actually making good progress, and had I gone uninterrupted straight through I probably would have finished early. Of course it didn't happen that way. At around 1:45PM I heard a knock at my door. I had closed the curtains and the door of my office so that nothing would distract me from finishing. I sighed heavily, looking up. “Come in!” I attempted to sound cheerful but probably failed. “Hello again, Miss Brooke!” the receptionist piped at me. Her form was slim but curvy, and I had a very hard time maintaining eye contact as I gazed at her. “Hello, uhm, I'm sorry, what was your name again?” I asked, clearly embarrassed. “Sarah Hutchins, ma'am,” she replied sweetly, smiling at me. I don't know if I was getting excited or if my bladder was reminding me of the water I was retaining again, but I shifted in my seat and crossed one leg over the other as I felt a twinge between my legs.

“Ah, that's right. Sarah. What can I do for you, dear?” I asked, as I subconsciously began tapping my heel rhythmically on the floor. “Here are the day's appointments so we can get them done before we have to leave,” she responded. I completely forgot about that. As receptionist she would document meeting requests during the day and before either of us are allowed to go home we have to schedule all of them together, to ensure a meeting is never missed. “Shit.” I thought, staring back at my project. There were stacks of papers all over, and the cart still had plenty more in it. “Of course, Sarah. Please, have a seat.” I uncrossed my legs and slowly stood up. I felt like someone punched me in the stomach as my weight redistributed on my bladder. I immediately bent forward and squeezed my thighs together, pressing my hands to my crotch and letting out an almost inaudible “Mmf.” Luckily for me Sarah was making her way to her chair and missed the scene.

I quickly wheeled my chair back over to my desk and sat down, wiggling the mouse to my computer to wake it up. I wiped my brow which was damp with desperation and effort, and kicked my heels off. Crossing my legs again, Sarah and I began going over every appointment meticulously. I couldn't believe how popular this man was, or how bad I was at using the calendar software. I began to grow hot from how bad I needed to relieve myself and being the genius I am I continued drinking from my huge water bottle. The more I drank, the more desperate I got, the hotter I became, and the more I drank. It was a vicious circle, and I began to lose the fight after scheduling the tenth meeting. As I took yet another swig of water I didn't look where I was setting my bottle down and placed it on a large pen, which caused it to start to topple over. My desk was covered with appointment and other important papers and in a moment of panic I lunged for it, halfway coming out of my chair.

“Ahh!” I yelped, grasping the bottle just in time, saving a stack of receipts from a watery grave. The crisis was averted, but in the excitement I felt the stinging sensation of every drop of water in my bladder attempting its way out. Quickly releasing the bottle, I hurriedly sat back down, and shielding myself behind the desk I clutched my crotch urgently, spreading my legs quite unprofessionally to do so. I took in a sharp breath through my teeth and flapped my legs together. Sarah looked at me inquisitively. “Are you alright, Miss Brooke?” she asked in that cute little singsong voice of hers. I looked up, visibly flustered. “What? Oh... yes, sorry. Almost lost my water everywhere.” She thought I was stating the obvious, when I was really talking about flooding my panties. Carefully I released my clutch on myself and double-crossed my legs, attempting to concentrate on the last of the appointments.

We didn't finish until a quarter after two, and as soon as Sarah left I asked her to close my door and wheeled myself quickly over to the last of my sorting project. I was clammy all over and leaving my legs crossed was becoming extremely uncomfortable. The urge to pee was growing by the minute and I was running out of time. Putting a hand on both sides of my chair I lifted myself up and bent my right leg in, tucking a foot under myself. I lowered myself back down and sat directly on the heel of my foot, pressing my tingling crotch against it forcefully. This immediately relieved some of the tension and I resumed bouncing my other leg as I frantically attempted to finish my job.

2:30PM. With thirty minutes to go, I could see the light at the end of the tunnel. I was visibly sweating and automatically turned to the remainder of my water for relief. With every sip the intense twinge of desperation pulsed between my legs, and I began to rock back and forth slowly on my heel as I completely lost the ability to sit still. At 2:45PM I got my second wind, as I picked up the last stack of papers to be sorted. All I had to do now was to get everything together to return to where it came from. I felt a warm dampness on my heel as the constant friction against my crotch caused me to become slightly wet. As I readied myself to get up and start packing my work I paused to reach down and feel my panties. I scraped one of my freshly manicured nails against my clit through the fabric and bit my lip at the sensation.

“Almost done, Kelly?” I gasped and shot up out of my chair, my eyes darting to the door. Jeff was standing in my doorway, eying the stacks I set up all around the room. My heart was pounding as I realized that I had dribbled a bit in my panties at the sudden interruption. “Oh... M-Mister Douglas!” I stammered. “Sorry Kelly, I didn't mean to frighten you,” he said nonchalantly. I frantically straightened my skirt and fixed my hair as I fumbled about the room, picking up the various stacks of paper and placing them in their own categorized files. “N-no, It's alright, I'm- Yes, I'm just now on my way back up to your office,” I stammered. “Great work Kelly, I have to meet the contractors now so just leave everything in my office and lock it when you're done.” And with that he was gone, and he closed the door as he backed out of the room.

“Oh my god...” I muttered under my breath, quickly stacking the last of the files on my desk. The pile was about 2 feet tall and I had to hand-carry them up two floors to his office. As I carefully placed the top file down I felt another spasm between my legs and instantly sat down in my chair, clutching myself unashamedly under my skirt. My hands were greeted with a wet warmth and I swore under my breath, looking down to my lap. With a quick glance at the door I lifted my skirt and observed the damage. I discovered a wet patch on my gray panties about the size of a quarter. I reached down to feel just how wet I was and was instantly aroused. I wasn't sure what was happening or why I was becoming so excited but all I know is that it felt amazing.

A glance at the clock showed that I had twelve minutes to get upstairs, so I took a minute to catch my breath. I could not stop caressing the wet spot on my panties, tracing a circle around what I had done. The sensation was euphoric, and with a grin on my face I wheeled over to my door, locking it. I moved to a corner of the room and propped my feet up on my chair, spreading my legs, letting my skirt slide up around my waist. I leaned over to look between my legs and decided I wanted to see my little wet patch grow a bit bigger. With watery eyes and intense effort I carefully unclenched my muscles and tried to let a couple more drops come out. The tingling sensation was mind-numbing as I felt the brink of my pee escaping. I bit my lip and suddenly lost control.

I gasped loudly as a white-hot spurt of pee shot out into my panties. I struggled to stem the flow and saw a single but large drop land on my chair, immediately dribbling down and being soaked up by the bottom of my underwear. I now had two wet patches, and doubled over to clutch myself, frantically flapping my legs together. I had almost completely wet myself, and decided I had better get upstairs and get to the bathroom. Quickly standing, I immediately held myself as my bladder made me pay for teasing it like that. I groaned at the stack on my desk and realized I had quite the trip to make with no free hands. With a deep breath I scooped the files off my desk and made a beeline out the door.

I knew the stairs would not be the best idea given my situation, so I went straight for the elevator. The receptionist greeted me again but with every step I felt wave after wave of intense desperation as my bladder begged for relief, so I blew right past her. I got to the elevator and frowned at the buttons. With great effort I called for my lift and sighed as I looked up and watched the lights start from the top floor. Another twinge between my legs caused me to bend my knees inward, and I leaned awkwardly, frequently shifting my weight from side to side. Every muscle in my body was straining to keep from wetting myself in the middle of the lobby. It was like time slowed down as I gazed intently at the lighted numbers lazily making their way to the first floor. After what seemed like an eternity the doors slowly opened and I rushed in, tapping the top floor button repeatedly.

Luckily I was alone in the elevator, and set the files carefully on the floor. I kneeled down and sat on my heels, flapping my thighs together, clutching at the wet cotton between my legs. I bit my lip and stared at the floor, focusing everything on holding five cups of coffee and well over a liter of water in. However, I had gambled far too long, and as the elevator reached the top floor, it lurched forcefully to a stop and I teetered over, falling off my precarious perch on my heels. Toppling to one side I reached out to steady myself, and at the same time felt another intensely hot spurt of pee add to my already sizable wet patch. I gave one last effort to hold it back as I shoved a hand past my skirt's elastic band and under my panties to hold myself directly. However, my bladder finally gave way and I began wetting myself forcefully, a quiet hissing noise narrating the wetness between my fingers.

The relief was nothing short of orgasmic. I spread my legs and my eyes widened at the puddle forming beneath me. I began rubbing myself as the constant stream soaked my hand. The door was now completely open but there was no one on the third floor. As the stream began to subside I slipped a couple fingers in myself and with only a few thrusts orgasmed harder than I ever had before, a couple more spurts escaping onto the floor, but this time it wasn't pee. When I was finished I helped myself up onto my trembling legs, and wiped my hand on my skirt before picking the files back up. Shakily I set the files on his desk, locked his office, and took the stairs down. Tomorrow marks the first year of my time here, and though I haven't had any accidents since, I always hold it as long as I can, and every so often, I let a couple drops come out...

