Desperate Friendships

Author: 222foxface222

*000*2012-04-26 22:06

This is a HP omo I've been writing forever. It's extremely long at this point, and I doubt anyone will be interested in reading the entire thing, but I know I'm always looking for male HP omo, so I thought I might as well post my own. The story covers a lot, and goes from mainly dealing with Harry/Draco, to a split story involving Snape caring for a de-aged Harry/Draco. There's some Ron/Hermione stuff going on in later chapters as well.

Just as a warning, the first chapters deal with some darker themes that I think are necessary for the story's beginning. This mainly involves child abuse at the hands of Lucius and the Dursleys, but please keep in mind that the rest of the story is not this violent or intense. I just needed to create a sense of vulnerability in order to get the characters to where I wanted them, so please don't judge just on this one chapter--the rest of the story is much different! Please let me know if you'd like to see more, and I'll be happy to post the next chapters! This chapter is insanely long, but I couldn't find a good way to split it up!

Chapter 1:

Harry sighed as he hurried to dinner with Ron, dreading the detention he would be forced to endure after they ate. Only Professor Snape would force students into detention the night before the summer vacation was to begin. While the other teachers allowed students the freedom to reflect on their year and all that they had learned, essentially neglecting to teach anything at all that last day of term, the Potions Master had assigned a potion far more advanced than what had characteristically been asked of sixth years. Attempting the potion had placed all of the students on edge, who knew that Snape would more than likely take any opportunity he could to fail them all at the last moment.

It was no surprise, then, that as soon as Draco began in on his taunting games, Harry barely stood it for two moments before speaking back to the blonde boy. The argument escalated into the two boys going at each other, and Draco intentionally knocking over Harry’s cauldron filled with the beginnings of his potion.

Snape had been furious, insisting that another student could have been seriously harmed by the contents of Harry’s cauldron, and chided Harry for riling Draco up. They had both been sentenced to a night of detention.

“If I could hold you here past the end of term,” Snape had sneered, “I would.”

It was five minutes to seven by the time Harry finally decided to leave the dining hall. He said a cursory "goodbye" to as many people as he could before hurrying out of the large oak doors and literally running to the dungeons. Draco was there when he arrived, sitting straight-backed in a chair with his hands folded on his lap in front of him, obviously intending to embarrass Harry for being the second to arrive. Harry sneered at the blonde before taking the other seat, next to Draco.

Professor Snape entered his office shortly thereafter, carrying what looked like a stone basin and placing it on his desk. Harry recognized the object as a pensieve.

"The two of you provide me with more problems than any other students in my classes. Would either of you care to enlighten us as to why?" He asked.

The boys blinked blankly at him, knowing any answer they could think of would more than likely enrage their professor. He didn’t exactly give off the impression of being in a good mood.

"Mr. Potter?" Snape prompted, his black eyes boring into the boy.

"I don't know, sir," Harry answered, trying hard to meet the gaze and not look away.

"Hm." He said, not pleased. "Mr. Malfoy?"

"We're different people, sir," Draco answered after a moment, not daring to mention that he thought Harry was the scum of the earth and didn't deserve any of the fame he found at Hogwarts.

"Ah. Different people," Snape mocked. "So that means that every person who is different from another should show the same disrespect towards me that the two of you do, Mr. Malfoy?"

"N-no, sir, of course not," Draco mumbled, wishing that he had simply given a cheap answer, like Potter had.

Snape sighed, leaning forward in his chair and onto his desk, making the boys uncomfortable.

"Well, we're going to try something different today, something suggested to me by your head of house, actually, Mr. Potter."

The boys watched nervously, wondering how bad their punishment would be, as Snape pushed forward the stone basin, took out a corked bottle filled with a shimmery fog-like substance and placed it next to the basin.

"What is this?" He asked.

"A pensive, sir," Harry answered after leaving Draco a moment to chime in.

"Ah. Finally a right answer, Mr. Potter," Snape teased, eliciting a stifled snicker from Draco which the professor ignored.

"A pensive," Snape continued, "that will allow us to see that you are not so different after all. Let me warn you, you will not like what you are going to see. Embarrassment is the word for tonight's detention, as eliciting every other emotion from the two of you has not yet worked. I keep finding myself suffering through detentions for the sole purpose of disciplining you two miscreants, and I do not intend to continue in this manner. I hope that you will be embarrassed enough by what you will see that you will refrain from misbehaving, as another infraction will result in further embarrassing knowledge imparted to both myself and your fellow student. We are going to enter into your memories, and find your most embarrassing moments. Mind you, I have no idea what these are, perhaps the two of you don't either. Maybe you're thinking that you don't have an embarrassing moment. We shall see."

By now Harry and Draco were extremely nervous, hearts beating quickly as they thought about what their teacher and enemy would soon know about them.

"Mr. Malfoy, by spilling Mr. Potter’s potion today, you won yourself the position of going first."

Malfoy swallowed audibly, "Yes, sir," he choked out.

Snape lifted his wand towards Draco, mumbled a spell, and silently pulled a strand of memory from the boy’s mind. Before long, both Snape and Harry were inside the mind of Draco. They saw a large bedroom with a canopy bed in the middle of it...

The three were entered into a memory from two years ago. Draco was fifteen years old, sleeping in a room that must have been his bedroom at his parents’ Manor House. It was a warm summer’s night, and Draco was dozing under little more than a thin sheet, the windows opened wide to let in a semblance of a breeze.

Just as Harry was beginning to wonder if Snape had pulled the wrong memory, he watched the memory Draco begin to squirm around in bed and saw the unmistakable grasp the boy gave to his crotch. Draco obviously had to pee, but he was not yet awake.

The real Draco wanted this to stop, was doing everything in his power to will the memory to change. He knew what was coming, and it was not something he wished to re-live in front of his most hated enemy and most revered Professor. He began to feel outrage against Professor Snape; this was a violation of privacy, and his father would not be pleased to learn of this mistreatment. But, as he continued to watch, he began to realize just what night this memory was from, and he knew he would never approach his father about that night.

Curling into the fetal position, memory Draco pressed his thighs together and moved his hips from side to side. But, only a moment later, the boy relaxed and began peeing in bed. Draco’s cheeks flushed red. He knew exactly what it had felt like, the trickles of wetness snaking down his legs and streaming into the mattress until he was lying in a pool of urine. His underwear and shorts would become saturated, and he would wake in mid-stream, his heart beating quickly as he felt the shame and fear of what he was doing.

Sure enough, a slightly abashed Snape and Harry saw as the memory-Draco woke slowly, and, realizing what was happening, sat up and grabbed at his crotch to stop the flow. But it was useless. The wetness spread fast around the boy, sheets darkening no matter how much Draco squeezed and squirmed. Harry had not been expecting this in the slightest, but little did he know it was all about to get much worse.

“Does Master Draco need a change of clothing?” a voice whispered from the corner of the room. It was the Malfoy’s house elf, Dobby. Harry recognized him at once.

Draco often let Dobby sleep in the corner of his room in the summer months because the kitchen reached extremely warm temperatures. He had forgotten that Dobby was in the room that night, but now he remembered that, if it weren’t for that stupid elf, he may have gotten away with it all.

“Uhhh,” memory Draco mumbled, his heart beating fast when he realized he had already been caught. “No. No that’s alright, Dobby.”

Dobby stood up to walk closer to Draco.

“But Master Draco has used his bed,” Dobby told him. “He is all wet. Dobby will get clean sheets for the young Master.”

“I don’t need them,” Draco whispered sharply. He did not want Dobby skittering around the house making noise. The elf was prone to knocking over vases in the hallway or falling off of the linen closet shelves. He was bound to wake up his parents.

“Master Draco is sad that he messed his bed,” Dobby said, reaching forward to lay a hand on Draco’s. Draco yanked his arm away, cursing the fact that the elf was treating him as he had when he was five. “Dobby will clean him up in no time.”

Draco shoved Dobby’s hand away from the bed.

“F### off and leave me alone!” Draco shot at Dobby in a tensely loud whisper.

Dobby looked at Draco in surprise. He retreated back to the corner and burst into tears. Draco hurried out of bed and over to Dobby in an attempt to keep him from crying.

“Dobby, shut up,” Draco said quite untactfully. The elf only cried louder. “Don’t cry, Dobby. I’m sorry. Just be quiet.”

Draco glanced back and forth between the door and the crying house-elf, shushing him desperately. Dobby sunk to the floor and hid his face in his hands.

“The young master doesn’t trust Dobby!” He wailed. “The young master forgets that Dobby changed his diapers!”

Draco flushed red in embarrassment as the elf jumped up off the floor and ran to the closet. He opened the door and placed his fingers on the door jam, ready to close it tight against them.

“Dobby has failed the young master,” he said, and slammed the closet door tight against his fingers, sending him screeching back in pain.

“Stop that, Dobby!” Draco said, forgetting to whisper. He yanked at the house-elf, attempting to get him far away from the closet. He wrestled Dobby to the ground, attempting to pin his arms back above his head. He stopped when he heard a voice from above him.

“What is the meaning of this?” Lucius boomed from the doorway. Draco’s heart sunk. His father stood at the entrance to his bedroom, enraged.

“Father, I—“

“The young master has messed his bed,” Dobby said in an attempt to explain Draco’s actions and keep him from punishment. Despite his good intentions, Draco knew that it was the worst thing the elf could have said.

“I do not appreciate being woken up in the middle of the night. Draco, come here,” Lucius ordered.

He was so calm Draco knew he must be angrier than usual. Draco pushed himself off of the floor to stand next to Dobby, but stepped only a few inches closer to his father.

“Come here,” Lucius said, pointing to the space next to him.

Draco tried fruitlessly to cover his wet crotch with his hands as he walked next to his father. Lucius swatted his hands away, and Draco stood in his soaked shorts, the smell of urine strong on him. He had never wanted his father to hear him; he should have just let Dobby do what he wanted. Now, his father would be disappointed in him. He tried not to cry, blinking furiously to keep back the tears of shame.

Lucius flipped on the lights and stared at the wetness spread across Draco’s crotch and down his legs. He cleared his throat and walked to the bed in the middle of the room, pulling back the sheet despite the fact that the wetness was clearly visible through it. He turned to Dobby and pointed for him to leave. The house-elf turned to go, giving a sympathetic glance towards Draco. After he had left, Lucius closed the bedroom door.

“Draco, how old are you?” Lucius asked cooly, knowing the answer fully well.

“Father—I’m sorry,” Draco mumbled. “It was---“

“How. old. are. you.” Lucius repeated, emphasizing each word in his anger.

“Fifteen, father.”

“And what have you just done?”

Lucius stood closer than Draco would like. He had to fight against taking a step backwards towards the wall.

“Father, I won’t--,” Draco began, his cheeks flushed red. He did not want to be forced any more embarrassment. He felt like he still had to pee and squeezed his crotch when his father was turned away.

“What have you just done?” Lucius said louder, as close to yelling as he ever came.

“I…I’ve had an accident,” Draco mumbled. Lucius stared down at him and stepped closer. That was not the answer he wanted. “I peed in my pants and my bed,” Draco said louder, his hands held out in front of him, begging him not to come closer. His father revelled in making Draco feel anything but a man, and Draco feared he was about to be hit.

“My fifteen-year-old son will not show such a horrible lack of control. Apparantly he is still a pee-pants baby. When will you ever grow up and learn control?” Lucius barked, standing uncomfortably close to his son, glaring down at him.

Draco hung his head, having nothing to say. His father grabbed him by the arm and pulled him to the wet bed.

“I will not have a baby for a son,” he sneered. He shoved Draco against the bed. “Put your face in it.”

Draco looked up at his father in disbelief.

“Do it!” Lucius yelled.

Slowly, Draco lowered his face onto the mattress. The pee still felt faintly warm. It wet his face and went up his nose. The plastic sheet his mother had placed on his bed when he was seven had kept the liquid from soaking down into the mattress. She had resorted to the muggle solution so that Lucius would not be able to detect the drying spells and become angry. The plastic sheet always shamed Draco. While at Hogwarts, he felt strong and grown-up. His attitude always shifted to that of a little boy as soon as he came home for a holiday and slept on the slippery plastic sheet.

Lucius grabbed the back of Draco’s neck and shoved his face further into the bed. The smell of pee was too strong for Draco to take and he choked, his coughs wetting his lips and tongue with pee.

“You’re a pee-pants baby. You’re not even a Malfoy. You’re nothing!” Lucius smacked Draco hard on his backside, spanking him despite the wetness spread across the seat of his pants. “I bet you like wetting yourself, you little pervert. You’re a weak-willed bed-wetter and you’ll never amount to anything!”

Draco struggled against crying out as his father spanked him again and again. He held his crotch with one hand that he hoped his father didn’t see, knowing that if his father didn’t stop soon he was going to wet himself again. He thought his bladder was empty, but the fear suddenly made him afraid he would lose control while fully awake.

He was relieved when Lucius stopped the spanking. However, If Draco had known the alternative, he would have gladly taken them without complaint.

“If you like wetting yourself so much, why don’t you do it now?” Lucius asked.

Draco looked up in confusion, pleading with his eyes for his father to leave him alone. He was caught between wanting to crawl under the bed and cry and wanting to slug his father in the face while he told him to screw off.

“I’m sorry Father, it…it won’t happen again,” Draco promised.

A flash of anger showed on Lucius’s face. He once again grabbed Draco by the back of the neck and shoved his face into the cooling pool of urine.

“Do not make false promises,” he hissed into his ear.

Without thinking, Draco yanked backwards, knocking his father in the chin with the back of his head. He hadn’t meant to hit against him; he had just been trying to get away. He just wanted to be left alone. He wasn’t a child, despite the soaked bed, and he didn’t appreciate being treated like one.

When Draco turned to face his father, Lucius slapped him across the mouth. Caught unaware, Draco stumbled backwards. Instead of drawing more anger out of the boy with the violence, Draco was suddenly submissive once again. He had learned long ago that his father was stronger and meaner than he could ever be.

Lucius dragged Draco to the center of the room and conjured a liter of water.

“Drink this.” He ordered, passing the jug towards his son.

Draco took the water in his hands hesitantly.

“Drink!” Lucius yelled, approaching Draco as if he would hit him again.

Draco quickly brought the bottle to his lips and began drinking. He chugged the water quickly, knowing his father would make things worse were he to dawdle. His stomach felt full very quickly, filling up with water and making him feel sick to his stomach. When he was only halfway done, he felt that he would not be able to drink anything more. Water began spilling down his front onto his t-shirt..

“All of it,” Lucius ordered.

Draco swallowed the final gulps painfully, his stomach filled more than he could remember.

“Recite the Malfoy values,” Lucius said. The Malfoys had long ago written up a list of values which their family prided themselves on. To Lucius, it was the Bible. He re-wrote the values, adding in his own ideas, and had them framed. A list hung in every room. Draco could see the values hung above his bed, but he did not need to read them; his father had made sure he knew them by heart long ago.

“Respect for other Malfoys,” Draco began. “Control in all situations. Strength to overcome the weak. Loyalty to the true Lord. Manhood above all. Courage to achieve greatness.”

“Repeat,” Lucius stated.

Draco was made to stand in front of his father, who sat on the bench at the end of Draco’s bed, watching him recite the values for over half an hour. As he repeated the values, Draco knew exactly what it was his father was waiting for, and eventually Draco could not help but make it known that he had to pee. He doubted that he would have even needed the liter of water which his father forced him to drink in order to feel the need to pee; he had already needed to due to the fear his father placed upon him. Draco tried not to let his father know he was getting desperate, but he could not help shifting from side to side slightly.

“What was that, again?”

Draco cleared his throat and willed his bladder to behave. “Control in all situations,” Draco repeated.

Lucius nodded. “Good,” he said.

Draco stood silent, waiting for what his father would say next. He knew he had a plan in making him drink all the water. He knew there was no way Draco would be allowed to use the bathroom; he just hoped his Father would leave him alone to wet himself in private.

“Now, pee.”

Draco stared at his father and his whole face flushed red.

“Wh-what?” Draco asked. He did not think he had heard his father correctly.

“Spread your legs, and pee,” Lucius ordered.

Draco got so nervous that he was forced to squeeze his crotch suddenly; he had been about to wet himself. Suddenly, he was four years old again, being ordered where and when to pee in Lucius’s twisted version of toilet training. Draco quickly pulled his hand away when he realized that now his father certainly knew that he was getting desperate. Draco had thought his father would make him hold his pee until he had an accident. He was not prepared for his father’s order to pee himself intentionally.

“I—I c-cant,” Draco whispered. He took a step backwards, towards the wall.

Lucius stood up and approached his son, who could not help from taking another step backwards. Lucius grabbed Draco by the neck and put him back into position, smacking his backside hard.

“A Malfoy never says ‘can’t’,” Lucius sneered.

“Lucius? Draco? Is everything alright?” Draco’s mother was calling to them from behind Draco’s locked bedroom door. Draco was relieved; he hoped her presence would end his torture.

Lucius opened the door.

“Come in. You are not to speak one word. Your son is learning what it means to be a Malfoy.”

“Draco, honey? Are you—“ his mother began.

Lucius raised his hand as if he were about to hit Narcissa and she became silent. He led her to the end of Draco’s bed and sat her down on the bench next to him. She looked concerned as she took in the wet bed and Draco’s wet clothes. She had tried for many years to hide Draco’s bedwetting from Lucius, but he always seemed to find out. Draco stood with his legs crossed.

“Alright, son. Go ahead.” Lucius ordered.

Draco cleared his throat. He squirmed in place.

“Please, Father. I’m sorry. I’ll—”

“I won't tell you again!” Lucius yelled. He was getting impatient.

Draco glanced at his mother, and could just barely make out that she was nodding her head. She was giving him permission, telling him to do what he had to in order to appease his father. She never knew how to deal with Lucius when he was in one of his moods, and knew that any defiance on Draco’s part—or her own—would anger him further, and he would take to hitting them.

Draco slowly stepped out until his legs were shoulder-length apart. He was bright red from embarrassment, and knew that he was shaking.

“pee,” Lucius told him.

Narcissa had started crying silently. Lucius did not notice.

Draco knew that he had to pee, but he could not make himself wet in his pants with his parents watching. He had been taught to control his bodily functions above all else; it was the reason it was such a catastrophe when he had begun wetting his bed. He was consciously aware of his underwear up against his crotch. He did not feel right about intentionally letting his pee out when he was still clothed, even if his briefs were already soaked.

“Do it!” Lucius yelled.

Draco closed his eyes and tried to relax his bladder muscles. He tried to convince himself that it was alright for him to pee on his bedroom floor. He came close to letting out his pee, but at the last moment he tensed up, and held it in. Sighing, he tried to forget about the fabric against his crotch and took a deep breath. As he let out the breath, he felt a small trickle of pee wet the front of his underwear, but he unconsciously stopped as soon as he felt the wetness soaked up by his clothing.

It took another minute or two to start the trickle up again. He spread his legs wider, so that the leg holes of his underwear, which were too big for him as they had recently been Lucius’s, gaped away from his skin. Lucius passed down underwear to Draco in a sick show of fatherly control, just so Draco would always remember who provided for him. He closed his eyes one more time and let go, and when a trickle of pee began he pushed with his bladder muscles until the trickle became a small stream, and then he could not have stopped even if he wanted to. Pee streamed out of him into his underpants and shorts and onto the floor.

His briefs began to become soaked once again, and he soon felt pee streaming down his legs. As he lost full control and peed full-force, spurting pee as his cheeks reddened, he heard the splash of liquid against the hardwood floor. The relief was almost greater than the embarrassment, and Draco kept his eyes closed as the warmth of his pee enveloped his legs, streaming down his thighs and calves and pooling around his bare feet.

Pee streamed through his underwear directly onto the floor, a strong stream flowing right through his briefs. When he felt himself begin to become hard from the relief, he quickly opened his eyes to see his parents staring back at him. His father leered, as if this proved that Draco was nothing more than a baby. His mother had turned away, unable to watch and crying for her son. The embarrassment of his parents’ presence took any sexual pleasure out of the act, and he felt shamed as the final spurts of pee wet his pants. The puddle underneath Draco stretched from one foot to the other; Draco stood in the hot liquid and just had the desire to lie down in the pool and fall asleep. He only wanted the night to be over.

“Weakling,” Lucius spat. “Go to bed.” He stood up from the bench. “You are not to leave this room until breakfast.”

He turned and left the room.

“Are you alright?” Narcissa asked her son quietly, after his father had left.

Draco nodded, unable to make eye contact. He was humiliated. Why couldn’t they just leave him alone?

Narcissa turned to Draco and took his hand, guiding him out of the pool of wetness towards the far side of his room. He did not want her to touch him, and her hand in his own only made him feel like a child. But, he knew she thought it was helping, and that she would be hurt were he to pull away. He allowed her to lead him back to his bed, and he tried not to cringe.

His mother was still crying as she found a towel hanging on the back of Draco’s door and mopped up what she could of his mattress. She dared not remove the pee from the floor. As she worked, Draco held himself, willing his mother to leave so that he could pee the rest of the water out of him. He had willfully stopped himself when he could gain control; he did not want to give his father the satisfaction of him losing complete control. But he knew he could not hold it much longer, and as his mother worked to clean his bed as best she could with only a towel, he felt himself losing control once again.

“Mother?”

Narcissa turned around to find Draco hunched over, his hands between his legs, holding himself tightly. Placing a hand on his shoulder, she guided him back to the end of his bed, to the pool of urine on the floor.

“It’s alright, Draco,” she whispered, nodding.

She turned away, standing with her back to her son. Draco squirmed with his need to pee. He stepped into the liquid and squatted, resting on his haunches. He knew he would be better able to let go in such a position. Were his mother not in the room, he would have stripped down, but he was far too exhausted and embarrassed. Sighing as his muscles let go, he began to pee again into his briefs, urine streaming through his wet underwear into the pool below. He pushed the pee out quickly, just wanting the shame to be over. It splashed loudly into the urine already on the floor, sending splatters up onto his feet and ankles. His shorts hung low on his hips, heavy with stinking urine.

When he had finished, his mother helped him into bed. She wanted to help him change into clean underwear, but knew Lucius would find out and take it out on Draco. Besides, dry clothes would just get wet when Draco lay down in his wet bed. She stroked Draco’s forehead and kissed his cheek.

“Goodnight, baby,” she said.

Draco flushed at the endearment and Narcissa realized her mistake.

“Sorry,” she sighed. “Goodnight, sweetheart.” She crossed the room. “Everything will be alright in the morning,” she said, before turning out the lights.

###

*006*2012-04-28 04:17

{{:

I love it!!!!!!!!! :) I can't wait till you post more, I usually am not the biggest fan of Draco, but I loved this! :D

}}

Thanks so much! And don't worry, there is lots of Harry and Snape to come, too! :)

{{:

I love Draco, almost as much as I love Sev. I really liked it, it was really good and I of course look forward to more. :)

}}

I love Draco too, and I think he lends himself really well to omo. Thanks for encouraging me to post this, and I'm really glad you like it! :D

{{:

Omg! Poor Draco! He was so pitiful! Really well done on making emotions come out in the writing. I felt humiliated for Draco the entire time, not to mention absolutely enraged with Lucius. After reading that I kind of want him to catch fire or something...anyways, GREAT story! Please keep it coming! I can't wait to see Harry and Severus's reactions to that!

}}

That means a lot, thanks! I wondered if people would just think this was too long to actually read through it, but I'm glad to know you connected with the writing. I kind of wish Lucius would catch on fire, too, but then again I think I need him to stick around and cause some more drama! ;)

{{:

This is extremely good and truly original. Not to mention it really broke my heart. You write it so well that, like Sunny says, you can feel humiliated just like Draco. I don't have much more to say, but I hope you will post the next chapter soon!

}}

Thanks for your kind words--they mean a lot, especially since it took me forever to actually build up the courage to post this here. Glad you liked it! :)

{{:

This was so well written. I'd love to read more :) Thank you for posting it.

}}

Thank you for reading/commenting! I will hopefully have some time to post the next chapter tomorrow--hope you'll keep reading! :)

*007*2012-04-28 18:08

Here's the next chapter--thanks for all the positive feedback. Again, there's situations involving child abuse (Harry's turn, this time), but after this chapter the story kind of settles into more of a Harry/Draco story and, although there will be mentions of their abuse, there's not really anything as explicit as these first two chapters. Anyway, thanks for reading and I hope you like this chapter--I'd love to hear what you think!

Chapter 2

In a moment, Harry was pulled out of the memory residing within Malfoy Manor and was left sitting in the cold, claustrophobic office of Severus Snape. Not believing what he had just seen, he sat stunned, seeing out of the corner of his eye that Malfoy was sitting straight-backed in stillness, his face red and angry. Harry could not remember ever seeing him look quite so...humbled.

In other circumstances, Harry would have been laughing or plotting ways to use the information against his enemy. But, despite learning that Draco wet the bed when he was fifteen consistently enough to warrant a plastic sheet, Harry could not get the vision of Lucius Malfoy out of his mind, sneering as he forced his son into humiliation. It was a look he had seen many times before, on the face of his Uncle Vernon. What right did Snape have to expose their most guarded secrets? Surprisingly, Harry realized that he felt a sort of solidarity with Draco in that moment; he had never realized their home lives had been quite so similar.

Snape cleared his throat as the final effects of Draco’s memory floated out of the pensieve. When Minerva had suggested the punishment to him, he expected to be forced to watch as the boys were turned down by a girl they fancied or fell asleep in class and began talking absurdities in their sleep. He had never envisioned the intense shame he would force young Malfoy to re-live. He had watched Draco grow up, indeed, had become a second father to the boy after growing up with Lucius.

How had he never known the extent of what his old friend had been putting Draco through? Not to mention Narcissa? The memory had made him white-hot with anger; he wished to end the detention immediately and floo to the Malfoy’s house, where he would have quite the talk with his old friend Lucius. He knew Lucius had quite the temper--he had gotten into more than his fair share of fights while they were at Hogwarts, more than once placing other boys in the hospital wing--but Snape had never imagined just how abusive he had been towards his only son.

“Screw you,” Draco mumbled, his glassy eyes turned towards the floor.

Snape opened his mouth to take points, began to chastise Malfoy for disrespect, but the words caught in his throat and then fell away. He knew he was the one at fault. If he had known what the boy’s memory would be, he would have sentenced them to a night of menial tasks or writing lines. He understood Draco’s anger; the punishment had gone too far. He wished to send Harry away and apologize to Draco, who looked ready to be sick on the floor of his office, but he knew the best thing to do would be to act as if he had not been phased, as if he had not just witnessed something which disgusted him in its echoes of the child abuse he himself had suffered at the hands of his own father. Without a word, Professor Snape touched his wand to Harry's head and pulled out a long strand of memory.

They found themselves within a suburban home ill-decorated and done up with balloons and streamers. A thirteen-year old Harry, who looked scrawny and dirty, dressed in clothing much too large for his small frame, was carrying a tray of food around a kitchen table filled with boys his own age. A pudgy, large-framed boy sat at the head of the table, a birthday hat barely squeezed onto his head, the elastic stretched beneath his chin so tight it was sure to snap at any moment. It soon became clear that Harry’s cousin was having a birthday party, and Harry was not a guest, but the help.

“I need more pizza!” the fat boy, whom they soon learned was named Dudley, screamed despite the fact that Harry was standing less than three feet from him.

Harry began to serve his cousin, but a boy nearly as large as Dudley, who was sitting to his right, quickly reached up and knocked the tray of food out of the smaller boy’s hands. The food fell to the floor as the tray toppled with a crash, and Dudley immediately began screeching in laughter, which the others at the table quickly imitated.

Watching his former self from the confines of Snape’s office, Harry sighed, knowing exactly what was about to happen and feeling betrayed that it was about to be imparted to the two people he hated most at Hogwarts.

“Mummy!” Dudley shouted after he had stopped laughing, “The freak spilled all of my yummy food!”

A thin woman with tightly stretched skin entered the kitchen to find her brat of a nephew hunched on the floor, attempting to clean up the pizza sauce and cheese that had been spilled all over her kitchen floor.

“Vernon!” she shouted, exasperated and angry. She yanked Harry up by his arm and shoved him back against the wall. “Wait until your Uncle deals with you, you clumsy idiot,” she breathed.

Harry stood stock-still even when she released him and went to comfort his cousin, who was now blubbering on about how his birthday party was ruined. He pressed his legs together as the fear reminded him that he had been desperate to pee for over an hour now; he had been trying to find a time to sneak to the loo, but of course Dudley enjoyed finding menial, useless tasks for him to do whenever it seemed he may have an opportunity. If he kept Harry busy, he would not be forced to interact with his “friends” around the table. Snape and Draco couldn’t help but notice that the other boys at the table looked somewhat miserable, and they had to agree that the party decorations and hats seemed more fit for the party of a six-year-old than a teenager.

A huge, overweight man with a fat purple face came storming into the kitchen, breathing heavily from the exertion it took to walk there from his space on the couch in the living room. Without speaking, he reached up and smacked Harry across the face and neck, yelling at him for being a useless, ugly freak. Harry brought up his hands to protect himself, crouching down to the floor and wedging himself up against the base of the kitchen counter to make himself as small as possible.

“Get out of there, you good-for-nothing piece of dirt,” he gasped, grunting with the effort of trying to reach his nephew, who had found a somewhat safe space behind a stool.

Harry’s heart was beating quickly as he looked for a way out, but all eyes were turned on him, gasping as they watched the show. Dudley was laughing as he watched, apparently thinking this was the perfect entertainment to watch with dinner. Some of his friends laughed along with them, but more than a few glanced at each other in obvious discomfort. But when one stood, possibly with the intention of helping Harry, Dudley shouted at him to sit down or he would pound him down, and the boy slowly took his seat again.

Knocking the stool aside, Vernon caught Harry by the wrist and dragged him to the opposite wall, closer to those seated around the table. He gave him a few more smacks for good measure, before pointing to the spilled food and ordering him to pick it up.

“That floor better be spotless, or you’re sleeping outside for two weeks with no food, you cowardly imbecile freak,” he breathed, fat face close to Harry’s.

Harry couldn’t help it; he squirmed against the wall and had to reach down to grasp his crotch. He felt like he was about to pee in his pants. It was an act that did not go unnoticed by Dudley or his friends.

“Look,” one of the boys shouted, “the little freak has to take a pee!”

“Aw, the baby’s gotta hold it or he’ll wet himself,” another teased.

Blushing bright red, Harry forced his hand out from between his legs and fought back tears.

“I’ll clean it all,” he said to his Uncle. “But, please, let me use the loo first.”

In response, his Uncle leaned his head back and laughed in his face before grabbing him roughly by the chin and forcing him to look up into his eye. Harry gasped and had to twist his legs together as a wave of desperation hit him, prompting more snickers from the bigger boys around the table, who were now watching him like hawks.

“You listen to me, freak,” his Uncle said, his fat fingers squeezing into Harry’s jaw until he was nearly yelling out in pain. “None of Dudley’s civilized friends want to share a loo with the likes of a know-nothing, useless aberration like you. You better hold it good, because there’s no way you’re allowed in there until each and every one of these boys leaves this house.”

Whimpering from pain and desperation, Harry breathed heavily, knowing when it got this bad there was only a short time for him to get to a toilet. Blinking quickly, he forced the tears back, knowing it would only make him a subject of more ridicule were he to begin crying.

“Now clean up that floor,” Vernon hissed, grabbing Harry by the shoulders and practically throwing him to the ground.

Wincing as he slammed against the tile floor, Harry was forced to hold himself again, feeling a spurt escape and soak into his briefs. He pressed down hard until he was able to gain control, trying to block out the taunting laughter from those surrounding him.

“He’s gonne lose it,” one sneered.

“He’s really about to soak himself,” another laughed.

Someone threw a napkin in Harry’s face, and he tried to imagine himself somewhere else as he took it and began cleaning up the floor. It was torture to rinse out the napkin in the sink, the cold water running over his hands and forcing him to squirm around like crazy to hold in his pee.

“Look at him do the potty-dance like a two-year-old!” A tall boy with freckles shouted.

Harry could think of nothing except using the toilet. The loo was directly off the kitchen, and it was torture for him to see inside and know he was not allowed. His Aunt and Uncle often played games like this with him, banning him from basic needs such as food or the loo because they knew it tortured him the most. There was no way he would be able to hold it until all of Dudley’s friends left; he just hoped that they would get bored of watching him and he would be able to pee his pants alone without them all noticing.

But he wasn’t that lucky. After he had cleaned the floor spotless, he was made to take away all the dirty plates from the table, and had to dodge Dudley’s friends, who each in turn tried to reach out and poke Harry in the stomach or try to tickle him, hoping them would be the one to get him to lose control.

“I need more juice!” Dudley screamed, and all of his friends caught on and began demanding more to drink as well.

Harry carried over the pitcher of juice and began filling their cups, his thighs pressed tight together as the sound of liquid made him more desperate than ever. What made it worse was that the pitcher was large and heavy; he was forced to hold it with two hands so he could not grab his crotch when it started to get really bad. He had almost made it around the entire table when he felt wetness spreading through his underwear. Without thinking, he let go of the pitcher and brought both hands to grab himself between the legs, pleading for the leak to stop. He shuddered when he heard the ceramic pitcher fall to the ground and shatter.

“He’s losing it!” the freckled boy, who seemed to be the most invested, announced. “He’s gonna wee!”

Vernon swore from the living room as the pitcher shattered, and his Aunt Petunia immediately burst into tears.

“That was my best pitcher,” she wailed. “Vernon, do something!”

Harry stood hunched next to the table, legs squeezed tight together and hands pressed against his crotch. He had managed to stop the flow, but he knew there would be a tell-tale wet spot spread beneath his grasping hands, and he knew it was only a matter of seconds before he lost control again. He didn’t see his Uncle as he came from behind and collared Harry, yanking him down to the ground by his shirt and screaming at him. Harry felt the pee start streaming into his clothes, and no matter how hard he held himself, he couldn’t stop it. But wetting himself became the least of his problems as he felt his Uncle began to kick his legs and stomach, yelling and swearing that he might as well murder him.

“You’ve ruined Dudley’s birthday, you worthless, disgraceful idiot!”

“He’s wetting his jeans!” someone yelled.

“Oh my god, he’s actually doing it!” another laughed.

Harry curled into a ball as he felt the warm wetness flow across his crotch and down his legs until he was lying in a puddle on the kitchen floor, breathing heavily as the kicks to his frail body found solid targets. And, as he wet his pants and the entire room filled with the sound of shrieking laughter, as his Aunt and cousin cheered as he was kicked and slapped until Vernon had to take a break and catch his breath, Harry was unable to keep the tears at bay. His tears made them all laugh louder, but he was beyond caring, and sobbed until his Uncle’s hits stopped, and he was able to sprint pitifully to the cupboard under the stairs, where he barricaded himself before sinking to the floor and crying himself into an exhausted sleep.

###
