The Necklace-Part 2-Double Moons and Saturn

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-03-10 02:24

*NOTICE-Double Moons means Moon and Chibi/Mini Moon, I was just too lazy to type it out.

Lisa knew to do some real damage, she needed to shame the girls where a teenager would never shame themselves-school. She was in her teenager body again and eyed one girl. She had long blonde hair pulled into two long pigtails that reached the floor and her bright blue eyes were as shiny as the moon. She was rolling her pencil on her desk. Lisa grinned and rubbed her necklace really fast. "Miss Tuskino, can you tell me what the answer would be?" her teacher asked. Usagi bolted up in surprise. "Um, the English term for the sound a dog makes is, um, is, hoof?" The kids groaned. They knew Usagi was as good at English as a 2 legged horse was at jumping the Toyoko Tower.

"No, it's woof." The teacher kept writing on the board, spelling out English words Usagi would probably never learn. Usagi felt the strong urge to urinate. Her hand shot up. "Yes Miss Tuskino?" the teacher asked. "May I use the bathroom?" Usagi tried to look like a refined lady instead of a 14 year old who could hardly say one word in English. "No. You can go at the end of class." The teacher turned and kept writing. Usagi sighed. Lisa grinned and rubbed her necklace, making it glow an eerie ice blue. Usagi became more alert to the growing pressure. She crossed her legs and placed a hand on her crotch. Her other hand shot up again.

"I told you no, Miss Tuskino. Please put your hand down." Lisa tried not to snicker. She could practically taste the enrgy now. Usagi sighed but obeyed. She tried to focus on the board, but her bladder's pain distracted her. She jiggled her legs and put both hands on her crotch. She knew the teacher would send her to the office if she raised her hand again. Did she dare? Usagi sighed and laid her head down. She thought if maybe she fell alseep, maybe her bladder pressure would go away. Lisa was annoyed at how slowly this was taking. She shot her hand up.

Usagi focused on the words closly and pretended to write so the teacher wouldn't send her to Detention. A hot spurt dampened her panties and she knew she was going to lose the battle. She conctrated on the worksheet she was handed. "What is is the English word for Kinnouhwa?" Usagi was postive she knew this. But she realized it took one of her hands to use a pencil, and she didn't dare to move. She would have to pick between either peeing her pants or failing, both equally embrassing. She picked the pencil up, slowly and carefully. Another spurt came out, forming a dark stain on her light blue skirt. She gasped and closed her eyes. Lisa stared at the girl. She was hoping the girl would burst already and get it over with.

Usagi opened her eyes and wrote the word down, writing each letter at a snail's pace. "Hello." she wrote. She felt another spurt come out, and knew it was time to let go. She screamed not to inside her head and wrote the next word down. She felt warm the second she wrote: "Goodbye." She didn't dare to look down but did so anyway. A small puddle formed on her chair and her bladder was burning. Her skirt hid the mess, so she kept working. She heard the sound of a fluid spilling onto the carpet. Lisa grinned.

A girl cried out in surprise: "Hey! That girl is peeing herself!" Usagi looked down at her paper. Lisa rubbed her necklace. The puddle had covered the entire seat of her chair and was dripping onto the floor. "Miss Tuskino, let's see how badly stained your skirt is." the teacher said. Usagi got up slowly, hoping no one would laugh. The whole back of her skirt was stained and so was the bottom of her skirt bow. The mess was running down her legs and staining her socks. "Miss Tuskino, go to the nurse. She'll call your parents so they can bring you a new uniform. Someone get some paper towels to clean this mess up. Everyone else, back to work." Usagi stared at Lisa, then sighed. "Yes mam'm." she stated, then walked out with her head down. Lisa slipped out of her seat at the last minute while everyone was distracted.

She morphed into her 7 year old form in the bathroom. She knew another girl she wanted. She tapped her necklace.

"And the rain gets abosroped by the sun and forms water vapor," the teacher explaned. Lisa snuck in and hid under the teachers desk. She picked a girl with fluffy pink hair pulled into pigtails that stopped at her shoulders. The girl had glittering red eyes that made her seem demonic. She swung her legs back and forth under her desk. Lisa tapped her necklace and the girl gasped. She noticed the girl crossing her legs after making sure nobody was looking.

Chibiusa thought the water cycle was very intresting, but she didn't want to hear about water being released while she needed to pee. She grabbed her crotch, which was hard to do because her dark blue skirt was a short mini-skirt that only stopped at her underwear. She had the matching suspenders attched to her frilly blouse which held a pink brooch with a golden hear in the center. Chibiusa kept swinging her legs, hoping her bladder pressure would cease. The teacher was now explaning what happened in water treatment plants. Chibiusa imangened a garden hose. The hose was broken and starting to spring a leak. Chibiusa then imangened that she attached a sprinkler to the leaky hose and she splashed and played and laughed. The teacher called her name. Chibiusa bolted awake. "Um, what was the question?" Chibiusa yawned. She wanted to play in that pertend hose again and splash in the warm water....she started to fall asleep again and opened her eyes wide. Sprinklers don't spray warm water!

She felt might stupid for figuring this out now. She felt moist and sticky. Lisa tapped her necklace and fell out of hiding. "What are you doing here?" the teacher demanded. Lisa looked at Chibiusa and bolted out the door. Chibiusa rushed after her. "You'll never catch me, Sailor Scouts! This necklace gives me all my power!" She took the necklace off and tossed it into the air and became an 17 year old again. Chibiusa suddenly stopped running and gasped. She grabbed her girlhood and kept running. She ran into a red-headed 5th grader carrying wet paintings and the pictures and paint sailed across the hall. "Sorry!" Chibiusa called back. Lisa fingered the necklace with one shiny red nail. "Why is it taking so long for you to explode?" she asked.

Two girls were talking on their cell phones at the same time, talking about some girl in History and using foul launguge.

"I'm not going to give this necklace to you! This contians all my power!" Lisa threw it and the girls ran away, screaming. Chibiusa ducked into the libeaury, trying to sooth her burning bladder. She looked around to see if anyone was watching. The libraian was helping a blonde student place a Bleach manga on the tallest shelf. Chibiusa looked down the hallway. The floor was streaked with the paint smears and nobody was in site. Chibiusa ducked behind the magazine rack and removed her hands, sinking down to the floor. She sighed happily as the pee soaked her mini-skirt. She lifted her skirt so her green striped panties were in full veiw. The stream spread from her crotch to her butt, compleatly soaking the underwear. The urine trickled down her legs and pooled onto the floor.

She put her skirt down while the last couple drops fell from her underwear. She looked left and right but saw no one in site. She headed down to the bathroom to clean up.

Lisa was starting to get impatiant with the girls. Yeah, she had pealnty of energy, but she didn't have enough. She needed even more. Two had peed themselves on purpous. She wasn't very impressed with the results. She figured the next best place was-the mall.

Hotaru sucked on her lollypop while holding about 3 shopping bags. She had short black hair and purple eyes. She was only about 12, but she looked a little bit younger. Lisa watched the girl. Hotaru seemed to be waiting for someone because she kept checking her watch and looking around. Every once in a while, she'd cross her legs and pull the sucker out of her mouth. Lisa smiled. She rubbed the necklace and walked past Hotaru. Hotaru decided that waiting around an hour for someone to arrive was stupid, so she threw the sucker away and walked towards the bathrooms. She waved to someone who said hi to her, so Lisa used her magic to place a closed for cleaning sign in fron tof the girls' bathroom.

Hotaru came to a skidded stop when she saw the sign. She looked at her bags impanitly, then placed her hand on her crotch and bent her legs. She sat on one of the benches. She stood up and kicked her feet into the air and kept holding. Lisa was hiding behind the map sign and watching the desperte girl. She wanted to see how long she could hold on. Hotaru glanced around her and picked up her shopping bags, trying hard to cross her legs and walk at the same time. "Ugh," she groaned. She stood with her foot on a trashcan, looking around.

Lisa snapped her fingers and dropped the map sign. It made a triffic bang, scaring a couple of passerby. Mostly Hotaru. She stared at the sign and darted for the restrooms, not caring if they were closed. Just as she reached up to push the door open, she lost control. A wet spot appeared on her gray skirt and ran down her thighs. She tried to kick open the door, but it was locked. She sunk to her knees while a yellow puddle about 2 inches wide spread out under her. Lisa giggled and twirled her hair. She snapped her fingers and she was back in her control room where the screen was replaying the total wettings so far. 4 so far. Princess looked up form the chair and grinned. Lisa fingered her necklace.

"Who's next?" Princess asked. Lisa shrugged. "How about we go after the blonde's friends?" Princess laughed.

*002*2011-03-13 04:46

The first paar explans what the necklace does and it has a wetting moment. :)

*004*2011-03-13 23:25

I'm working on both part 3 and another one with school wettings. :)

*006*2011-03-14 23:09

Thanks. :D

