The Crash Site - Page 2

Author: Sapphire3619

*027*2015-10-31 21:09

Next chapter! I finished this one a few hours earlier than expected. I always post as soon as I finish writing (as you can probably tell by the fairly blatant typos I miss!), so here you go :) The next chapter - next weekend, probably - will be the last. Thank you all for following this story! Happy Halloween!

###

Soon after the late-winter sun rose, Carter finally pushed himself off the floor, shivering a bit as the duvet slipped off his shoulders. He rubbed his eyes, despite not sleeping since his diaper started to leak. He hadn’t bothered putting on clean clothes or another pull-up (a bit stupid, considering how much he’d wet during the night so far), so he first threw on some sweats and a tee before peeling the soiled sheets off his bed.

It took him several minutes to gather his wet sheets and clothes together. He stared at the dirty pile for a few moments, trying to decide how to get the items downstairs to the laundry room without waking Bindle. Ultimately, he decided to stuff the pile into his laundry bag, which he then hoisted over his shoulder by the straps.

With the bag full of urine-soaked fabric hanging uncomfortably, Carter carefully made his way down the stairs. He glanced nervously toward the guest bedroom door, but it was still closed. Momentarily relieved, he hopped quietly toward the laundry room.

Bleary-eyed, Carter lifted the washing machine lid and started pulling his sheets out of the bag.

“What are you doing?”

Stunned Carter turned, off-balance, bumping into the washing machine to steady himself. The lid slammed down with a clang that reverberated through the quiet house.

Bindle stood in the door of the laundry room, a slight sheen of sweat on her face, her hair tied back in a bandanna.

“What…I didn’t know you were awake,” Carter mumbled, hoping against hope that he could think of somehow to talk himself out of this.

“I like to do Pilates first thing in the morning to get my day started,” Ruth replied haughtily. “What are you doing?”

“Laundry,” Carter muttered bluntly.

Ruth had her hands on her hips. “I thought you said you didn’t change your sheets,” she hissed, accusingly.

Tired and shaken, Carter struggled to compose himself in the face of Bindle’s haughty stare. “I don’t-“

“Carter, honestly,” Ruth interrupted. “What were you thinking? You could have hurt yourself, trying to change your sheets on crutches.” She pursed her lips and shook her head in disapproval. “I don’t know why you would lie to me about needing help, especially since I already know that you have trouble in your sleep.”

Carter clenched his jaw at her condescending euphemism. “I didn’t lie.”

“Carter!” Ruth’s face was a mask of exaggerated astonishment. “You just said last night that you didn’t need help because you, and I quote, don’t change your sheets. Yet here you are, putting clearly wet sheets in the washing machine.”

Carter opened his mouth, but Ruth kept talking.

“It’s okay,” she emphasized, her accusing face melting into a seemingly gentle expression. “Nocturnal enuresis is nothing to be ashamed of, especially not in your condition.”

“Noc…what? What are you even talking about?” Carter’s sleep-deprived head hurt.

“Nocturnal. Enuresis.” Ruth repeated. “It’s the medical term for bedwetting. Which is what you have: a medical condition.” Ruth shook her head again. “I wish you hadn’t lied to me, Carter. I’m here to make sure you’re safe, and I can’t do that if you won’t let me!”

Carter frowned. At the moment, he wanted nothing more than for her to leave him alone to finish putting his sheets in the washer.

But Ruth wasn’t done. “I suppose I’ll just have to come up to you tomorrow morning, to help you change tonight’s wet sheets, since you won’t tell me when you need help.”

“Jesus, Bindle!” Carter’s voice cracked with fatigue. His lip curled in disgust. “You get off on this, don’t you?”

Ruth froze at the too-close-to-home accusation. Could he really tell?

“I mean, really, you just keeping going on about helping and using all these medical terms like I’m a fucking patient or a kid at a daycare or something,” Spots of color appeared on Carter’s cheeks, standing out against the dark circles under his eyes. “You point out other people’s weaknesses and problems, but it’s more than that. You have to act like you’re all wanting to help fix their problems…my problems…so everyone knows how goddamn nice you are!”

“Carter… “ Now Ruth was the one who was flustered. “I see that this is difficult for you…”

Nearly dizzy from exhaustion, Carter was in no position to exhibit restraint. Or good sense. Or any type of emotional control at all. “You want me to tell you everything about my medical condition?” He was practically spitting. “I wasn’t lying. I haven’t been changing the sheets, and it’s not because I’m unsanitary,” he growled before Bindle could object. “It’s because I wear diapers. The hospital sent me home with fucking diapers because I kept wetting the bed.”

Ruth swallowed hard, trying to keep her face neutral, but not really succeeding. Her heart pounded recklessly.

“Obviously, I had too much to drink last night,” Carter continued, his voice dripping with bitterness, “because the diaper…couldn’t hold it all.” Carter paused, swallowing an unexpected lump in his throat. “So…that’s why I’m changing the sheets. I usually don’t have to,” he finished, a bit lamely.

Ruth’s mouth had run dry. The mental image of Carter in diapers – not only wearing them, but using them so much, they leaked – was almost too much to process.

Carter had turned back to the washing machine and was forcefully throwing his sheets inside.

“Well,” Ruth straightened, trying to maintain composure, “thank you for telling me the truth. I’d appreciate it if you let me help in the future, instead of trying to change the sheets yourself.”

Carter snorted.

Choosing not to push him any further, Ruth turned to go. “I’ll just start making breakfast for us.”

Carter threw down the washing machine lid, making Ruth jump at the noise. “No, Bindle, I’m not going to sit down for a Saturday break fast with you,” he snapped. “I’m going to spend the rest of the weekend pretending you’re not here.”

He pressed the start button on the washing machine, then elbowed his way out of the room, past a stunned Bindle. “If I piss myself again, I’ll be sure to call you. I wouldn’t want you to miss out on ‘helping’ me.”

With his back to her, Ruth couldn’t see Carter’s lip tremble slightly as he hopped away. She cringed and shook her head, trying to force herself out of her stunned haze. Carter’s reasoning may not have been 100% accurate, but it looked like she’d gone a bit far in paying attention to his accidents.

Deliberately keeping her face blank, Ruth walked to the kitchen to make herself breakfast.

Meanwhile, Carter had holed himself in the basement. He had his gaming system and a mini fridge, so he wouldn’t have to bother going upstairs to get food from the kitchen. Dehydrated from his numerous nighttime wettings, he opened a bottle of water and guzzled it down at he turned on the TV, settling into his well-worn recliner.

It felt good to shoot zombies; not only did it help him get out some latent aggression, but it served as a highly effective form of escapism. Soon enough, he’d all but forgotten that Bindle was even in the house. He mindlessly grabbed another water bottle and a bag of chips.

After a couple of hours, Carter struggled to focus. He hadn’t gotten much sleep, after all, and he started making lazy mistakes. Mildly frustrated, he saved the game and switched to watching a movie. It wasn’t long, though, before his head began to droop and the TV screen blurred in front of him.

###

“Carter! CARTER!!”

With a scream, Carter was yanked out of the nightmare by Bindle’s voice; she was shaking his shoulders frantically.

Carter was choking, sobbing. Still not fully awake, he started to pee through his pants. Or maybe he had already been peeing. He couldn’t tell; he just felt the warm liquid soaking into his sweats, mirrored by the tears running down his face.

“Carter…” Ruth’s face was flushed. “You were…you were screaming…” she said breathlessly. She’d sprinted down the stairs the second she’d heard Carter’s panicked cries. She’d found him flailing in the chair, apparently caught in the throes of a terrible dream. Without thinking of the potential dangers of pulling someone from a nightmare, she’d instantly grabbed him to shake him awake.

Carter couldn’t stop crying, and he was still wetting. He didn’t have the energy to try to hold it in. “Stop,” he whispered huskily.

“You can’t…” Ruth stammered, shaken. This wasn’t attractive; this was horrifying. Carter was pale and sweaty. He looked genuinely terrified. This time, it didn’t matter that he had a wet stain growing from his crotch. “What can I-“

“Go!” Carter interrupted beseechingly. “Please…” He couldn’t look at her, couldn’t force out more than one word at a time. He couldn’t control anything: not the tears streaming down his cheeks, not the growing patch of dampness creeping across his lap.

“I-“ Ruth started, but she was stopped by a pained whimper from Carter. “I’ll be upstairs,” she murmured. She looked back for one more glance at the blubbering teen before scampering up the stairs.

Alone, Carter crumpled forward in his chair. He felt urine seep into the fabric beneath him, and he whined softly. He was practically dizzy with exhaustion and residual terror; almost entirely separate from the fact that he was wetting through his pants, he felt small and childlike. This most recent nightmare had been painfully real, and his muscles were still tensed, as if bracing himself for the impact of the crash.

Upstairs, Ruth wiped a tear from her eye. Carter wasn’t just dealing with your everyday healing process; something was really wrong with him. She couldn’t get any enjoyment out of seeing him pee himself when he looked so lost and horrified. Ruth dropped her head into her hands. She really didn’t know what to do.

In the basement, Carter shuddered as his accident slowed to a trickle. He didn’t know what was worse – being subjected to the terror of reliving his crash every time he slept, or completely wetting himself in front of Bindle yet again. This time, while sobbing like a child.

His bladder empty, Carter shamefully stared down at the huge, dark stain weighing on his lap. His chest caved in, and he started to weep. He couldn’t handle this. He couldn’t keep doing this. He knew he had to clean himself up, clean his recliner, and, if he wanted to sleep anymore (the thought made him cry even harder), put on a diaper. But he couldn’t move.

He’d have to clean up later. For now, Carter wrapped his arms around himself, curled up in the wet chair, and cried.

*033*2015-11-08 03:25

Last chapter! Last chapters are weird :/ I never meant for this to be a multi-part thing anyway, but I'm so very grateful for all your comments. You're all the greatest!!

###

Carter didn’t know how long he cried. He would have stayed curled up in his chair all day, but eventually, his wet pants started to chafe and itch against his legs.

Sniffling, Carter dragged himself to his feet, wiping his eyes and nose on his sleeve. As he situated his crutches, he glanced at the recliner. The urine stain covered almost the entire seat, eliciting a short whimper from Carter at the thought of cleaning it up.

Ruth peeked out the door of the guest bedroom when she heard the basement door open. Carter looked terrible – red eyes, streaked cheeks, and pants drenched well past the knees. Ruth bit her lip, but didn’t move to help.

With his head down and eyes still teary, Carter didn’t notice Ruth’s gaze. He was too dazed to see much of anything as he made his way up to his bathroom.

For the second time that morning, Carter peeled off his wet clothes and let them flop onto the tile floor. He turned on the shower and adjusted the slipcover over his cast.

In the shower, Carter slumped against the wall on his stool. Bindle hadn’t even been at his house for a full day, and he already had 3 urine-stained pairs of pants. All he wanted at this point was to make it until his parents got home without any more accidents. Without having to interact with Bindle at all, really.

Drained and humiliated, Carter let the hot water wash over him. Sighing deeply, he relaxed a little and released his bladder. Dejectedly, he watched as the thin, yellow stream dissolved toward the drain. He absentmindedly tried to think of the last time he’d actually peed in a toilet.

It was still morning when Carter turned off the shower. He was tired and he didn’t feel like leaving his room. He didn’t feel like doing much of anything, but then he thought of the stained recliner in the basement. Sluggishly, he pulled on some clothes and hobbled downstairs.

Carter hopped toward the laundry room to grab some cleaning supplies. As he turned the corner, he saw Bindle closing the laundry room door behind as she walked out.

“Oh!” Ruth hadn’t expected to see Carter for the rest of the day. “Are…do you need something?”

Too tired to even glare and more than a little embarrassed, Carter wouldn’t meet her eye. “No,” he muttered, moving to pass her.

Ruth stepped out of the way, not wanting to upset him any more. “I just cleaned your chair,” she said quietly. “It’s all done.”

Carter stopped, his hand still on the doorknob. He hadn’t been looking forward to scrubbing the recliner, but the thought of Bindle cleaning up after him – again – wasn’t any better. “I was gonna do it,” he rasped, still not looking at her.

“Carter…” Carter twitched at the way she said his name. It was simultaneously concerned and condescending. “You know it was easier for me to do it.”

Carter’s face twisted into an infuriated leer. “Go fuck yourself.” he growled.

Ruth bristled. “Carter! I’m just trying-“

Carter was already hobbling back toward the stairs. “Shut up, Bindle,” he snapped over her. “I’m so sick of your fake bullshit, I could puke.”

“You can’t just pretend this isn’t happening!” Ruth called to his retreating form, but Carter ignored her and continued back upstairs.

In his room, Carter shook with misplaced anger that quickly crumbled into discomfort and self-pity. What was he going to do if Bindle decided to tell people about his numerous accidents, all under the guise of “helping”?

Carter collapsed on his bed, letting his crutches fall with a clatter. Maybe he could just sleep away the rest of the weekend…

Of course, he couldn’t do that. Not without preparation, anyway. Dully, Carter reached for his bag of diapers and pulled out a clean brief.

Safely wrapped in absorbent padding, Carter finally let himself curl up under the duvet. He hadn’t put on clean sheets, so the waterproof pad crinkled a bit underneath him. He was too tired to care, though, and soon drifted off to sleep.

###

It was well past 3 by the time Carter woke up. For once, his pull-up was dry, a fact that bolstered Carter’s spirit. He hopped to the bathroom on one foot, not bothering with his crutches. He settled himself on the toilet and ripped off his diaper while he peed. The simple act of using the bathroom properly calmed Carter and made him feel more like himself.

For the rest of the evening, Carter felt almost normal. He stayed in his room for the most part, only venturing downstairs to answer the door for the Chinese food he’d ordered.

“I don’t suppose you ordered me any?” Ruth asked haughtily as Carter payed the delivery boy. Carter ignored her and promptly went back to his room.

Ruth shook her head as she watched Carter ascend the stairs. Regardless of how childish he was being, she knew she couldn’t just let the events of the week go.

###

The following morning, Carter managed to sleep late. He’d still had the same flashback nightmare, but it hadn’t been intense enough to wake him up. Or he’d just been too tired to be bothered.

He disposed of his diaper (wet, but at least not overflowing) and hopped downstairs to grab something to eat.

“Good morning.”

Carter hesitated at Bindle’s greeting. She was sitting at the kitchen table, clutching a coffee mug in both hands. Carter rolled his eyes and turned to the fridge.

“Did you sleep well?” Ruth tried again.

Gazing into the refrigerator, Carter felt his jaw clench. “None of your damn business, Bindle.”

Ruth didn’t have a whole lot of patience to begin with, and she decided not to waste any more of it. “If you want to insist on refusing my help when you wet yourself,” she sneered cuttingly, “I can’t really do anything about it.”

Carter blushed, but kept his gaze facing the shelves of food.

“However,” Ruth went on, “I have an obligation to tell you parents about your condition.”

The door rattled as Carter straightened and turned around. “Don’t,” he grunted. “It’s none of your business.”

Ruth pinched her face into a look of mock confusion. “Of course it is, Carter. As you so astutely pointed out on Friday, I’m being paid to take care of you. Like any good babysitter,” she emphasized sweetly, “I have to report to your parents what went on.”

“I’ll handle it, Bindle,” Carter’s face was slightly pale.

“You’ve given me no reason to trust you on that, Carter,” Ruth simpered. “I have to make sure you parents are properly informed, so they can appropriately take care of the situation.”

Carter glared. Oddly, he looked angrier than he had all weekend. “I can see how much you love talking about me, Bindle,” he hissed, his voice low and deliberate, “but I. Will. Handle. It.”

Ruth shrugged innocently. “I simply don’t believe you.”

“I don’t care what you think of me, Bindle,” Carter scowled. “Back off.”

Ruth didn’t have any more to say, and Carter wouldn’t have listened, anyway. He was already storming down to the basement.

Dropping onto the couch (he didn’t particularly feel like going back to his recliner), Carter frowned. Realistically, there was no way he could actually stop Bindle from saying whatever she wanted to his parents. He just hoped he could downplay whatever demeaning description she came up with.

Grabbing a snack from the mini fridge, Carter flipped on the TV and waited for the sound of his parents coming home.

###

Early in the evening, well before Carter expected his parents, he heard voices upstairs. Quickly as he could, he snatched his crutches and hobbled upstairs.

He saw his mom standing with Bindle in the kitchen, apparently in the middle of a conversation that they halted as soon as he’d appeared.

“Hi, sweetheart!” Adelaide reached up to hug her son.

Carter bent down to allow the hug, looking warily at Bindle over his mom’s shoulder. “Hey, mom. Didn’t think you’d be back this early.”

Adelaide gestured dismissively. “They asked your father to stay for an executive session tomorrow, so I just caught an earlier flight.” She glanced questioningly at Ruth, who was fidgeting anxiously. “Did you two have a good weekend?”

“Fine,” Carter snipped, just as Ruth said “Not really.”

Adelaide raised her eyebrows at her son. “Carter?”

“It was fine, mom,” Carter said bracingly. “Bin-Ruth just worries too much.”

Ruth inhaled, unsure of how to proceed.

“And just what is she worrying about?” Adelaide asked calmly.

“Noth-“

“I think Carter is having some psychological repercussion from his crash, Mrs. Worthington,” Ruth spit out before Carter could finish.

Lines of concern appeared on Adelaide’s forehead. “Repercussions? What kind?”

“Mom…” Carter was starting to sweat. “It’s nothing…”

Encouraged by Mrs. Worthington’s curious response, Ruth stood up a little straighter. “Yesterday, he fell asleep downstairs and he started screaming.”

The lines on Adelaide’s forehead deepened. “Honey?” She turned toward Carter. “Is that true?”

“It was just a nightmare, mom” Carter tried to explain, a bit frantically. “It was just onc-“

“He had an accident, too” Ruth interrupted, talking over Carter.

“He what?” Adelaide’s shoulder drooped in shock.

“Bindle…” Carter grumbled, staring daggers at his classmate.

Ruth glared back, determined to tell Adelaide all the details. “It’s not just the nightmare. Carter’s been having bladder trouble, at least all week.”

Carter groaned softly and closed his eyes. Adelaide’s eyes, on the other hand, widened anxiously. “He what?” she said again, softly.

“He…” Ruth paused. Confronting Carter about his accidents was very different than informing his concerned mother. “He…when he had a nightmare in the basement, he didn’t just wake up screaming. He wet himself.”

Adelaide’s eyes shone with worry. “Carter? Is that true?”

“It wasn’t a big deal, Mom,” Carter whispered, gazing at her beseechingly.

“It was,” Ruth interjected. “It was a pretty big accident. And it wasn’t the first time.” Ruth took a deep breath, met by the Carter’s glare and Adelaide’s apprehensive stare.

“A similar thing happened on Monday,” Ruth continued, speaking quickly. “On the way home from school, I wasn’t thinking, and I drove past the site of Carter’s crash. He had a kind of panic attack, and he wet himself then, too.”

Carter closed his eyes again, unable to look at his mother as she listened to Bindle’s stories.

“These weren’t just, like, little accidents,” Ruth went on, a bit uncomfortable now. “He…it was like his bladder completely emptied, and he had no control. And I know he’s been wetting the bed, but Friday night, he…he went so much that his…his protective garments leaked and he had to wash his sheets.”

Adelaide was staring at her teenage son, her face etched with sadness.

“Oh, and something happened at the basketball game on Friday, because his pants were a little wet when he came home,” Ruth added, a bit needlessly.

“Carter?” Adelaide whispered, pleadingly looking at her son.

Carter opened his eyes and flinched at the pained look on his mom’s face. “It was just…a stressful first week back,” he murmured.

“Carter William,” Adelaide admonished sternly but gently, “Tell the truth.”

Carter looked pleadingly at his mom. Ruth stood to the side, suddenly aware that this was not going how she anticipated. Instead of succinctly putting Carter in his place, she was now caught watching an increasingly emotional scene between mother and son, with no tactful way out. She was still sure she’d done the right thing in exposing Carter to his mother, but she’d pictured a brisk explanation, Adelaide thanking her, and Carter bumbling through some lame excuses. She had definitely not anticipated Adelaide’s level of concern for her son, or Carter’s loving deference to his mom.

Carter sighed. He didn’t want to lie to his mom, but telling his side of the story wasn’t any more appealing of an idea.

“Sweetheart,” Adelaide said quietly, “tell me what’s going on.”

Taking a deep breath to steady his nerves, Carter gripped his crutches tight and started to speak. “Everything she said is true,” he admitted reluctantly. “I did...wet myself in her car, and downstairs in the recliner, and in bed on Friday night.” He flushed deeply at this admission, but kept talking. “I have been having nightmares. A nightmare, really. I keep dreaming about the crash.”

“Oh, honey,” Adelaide breathed. She hadn’t know that her son had been reliving that night over and over.

“I keep seeing myself in the car,” Carter continued, keeping his eyes fixed on a spot on the floor. “Spinning out, crashing into the pole…” He inhaled shakily, knowing that he had yet to share the most important part of the tale. He blinked rapidly to keep the tears out of his eyes.

“But the reason that I…that it makes me…pee myself,” Carter’s voice was small. “It’s because I…on the night of the crash…It was my fault.” His voice cracked slightly as he prepared to tell what he hadn’t told anyone. “I was speeding because I had to go to the bathroom, and I wanted to get home. When I hit the ice…”

Adelaide and Ruth both watched breathlessly as Carter wavered, keeping his eyes fixed on the ground.

“I peed my pants,” Carter said finally, his voice hardly above a whisper. “I could feel it, even before the car hit the pole.” He was babbling now. “And I was so scared and ashamed and embarrassed and all at once and every time I sleep, I feel it again, and I…wet myself again, just like I did that night.”

His humiliating story finally finished, Carter looked up at his mom, his eyes brimming with tears.

Adelaide’s eyes mirrored his own. She didn’t say a word, just stepped forward and wrapped him in a tight hug. Carter’s lower lip trembled as he leaned into his mom’s arms.

After holding on for several seconds, Adelaide composed herself and wiped her eyes. “Thank you for telling me, sweetie,” she said, using her thumb to brush an errant tear from Carter’s cheek. “I’ll go call your dad to let him know that I’ll be making an appointment with a counselor for you. We’re gonna help you with this.”

Carter nodded weakly, grateful that the conversation was over, at least for now. Adelaide patted his cheek again before heading into the dining room to call Mr. Worthington.

With his mother gone, Carter whirled on Bindle, all but breathing fire. “Happy now?” he snapped.

His voice startled Ruth out of her discomfited haze. “I…I didn’t…”

“No, you got exactly what you wanted,” Carter snarled. “I told you not to say anything. I knew my mom would just worry, and it’s not a big deal, but you just had to go and make yourself into a nurse and freak her out for no reason.”

“It’s not no reason, Carter!” Ruth retorted defensively. “This is a legitimate psychosomatic issue, and you need professional help!”

“But I don’t need your help,” Carter countered. “Everything that happened this weekend probably would have happened with or without you, and all you managed to do was piss me off on top of it. So just take your money, go home, and stop pretending that you’ve been some sort of saint to me.”

Ruth recoiled, stung at the not-entirely-inaccurate assessment. “I kept your secret, Carter. I cleaned up after you, and I didn’t tell anyone, and, most importantly, I made sure that you’re going to get the help you need!”

“Congratu-fucking-lations, Bindle,” Carter shot back. “You didn’t make fliers to post around the school with pictures of me in pissy pants, and you washed your car and my chair, even though I offered to do both, and you told my mom everything, even though I told you I’d do that, too. I’ll notify the Nobel Prize committee.”

This whole afternoon had not gone according to Ruth’s plan. “I wouldn’t expect you to appreciate the subtleties of the situation enough to actually be grateful,” she sneered. In reality, she was stunned that someone as crude and jockish as Carter had seen through her excuses.

“I’d be more grateful if I didn’t know how much you like seeing me in trouble,” Carter said flatly.

Ruth snorted. “As if anything you do-“

Carter cut her off. “Enough, Bindle. You did what you said you were gonna do. Now we can go back to avoiding each other.”

Affronted, Ruth blinked. “I believe you still have a few weeks in my car before you’re able to drive yourself.”

Carter rolled his eyes. “Of course. I still need you. Is that what you want me to say? I can’t do anything without you.” His voice seethed with sarcasm. “Thank you so much for being so nice to me and letting me ride in your car. You’re such a good person.” Carter stared down at his classmate, annoyed and desperate to be rid of her. “Maybe if you’re lucky, I’ll have another panic attack and you’ll get to tell my mom I pissed myself again,” he added.

Trembling with concealed embarrassment, Ruth reached for her things on the counter. “I only want you to get better, Carter,” she insisted. “No matter what you think.”

Then she turned and stalked out the door before Carter could see her blush. She was rather disgusted with herself; she’d let her inexplicable arousal get the best of her, and she’d pretty much been caught in a lie, instead of properly taking advantage of Carter’s struggles. She’d have to be very careful during the rest of their shared car rides not to give anything else away.

Back in the kitchen, Carter collapsed on a kitchen chair. He could hear his mom in the dining room, earnestly discussing strategy with his dad, how to best “fix” their son.

Carter rested his head in his hands, beat from the emotional turmoil of the weekend. Ultimately, he knew that getting professional help was probably for the best. If Bindle kept her word, then no one would know, and he could get back to normal life as soon as possible. He’d go to a shrink, he’d take meds, whatever, and he would stop having nightmares. And then, he’d never have to worry about peeing himself ever again.

*038*2015-11-09 02:12

{{:

That was a very Awsome story

}}

Thank you!

{{:

Aww, I loved this story so much! Would have loved to see Carter and Ruth become friends but this was still so amazing!

}}

I'm definitely a fan of happy endings! Normally, I definitely would have had them get closer, but since this is the first story where I didn't have the ending thought out when I started, I decided to try something different. I don't want my stories to get too repetitive!

{{:

This was so great! Can't wait to read what you put out next!!

}}

{{:

Very nice story, like always. I can't help but think you ended it leaving everyone wanting more, great strategy. I will definitely be reading any other stories you decide to post.

}}

Thank you both! I have a couple of different ideas that I'll try to get written up before the holidays :)

