Tails Omo: Two Tailed Toilet Trouble

Author: Guest FurryPants

*000*2013-04-30 19:40

Dismissing the fact that his back side was getting relatively numb was proving a most irritatingly impossible job, after all a wooden stool is not the most comfortable of seats. Even a five minute sit on such a hard seat would earn you a sour behind, so try a whole hour and see what happens. But of course this happened a lot to Tails, most of the time he was sat at a desk tinkering much like now. The loud clashing of metals, the occasional whooshes of drills and clangs of metal echoed throughout the shed. There was a pause, a slurp of liquid, back to work. More clunks and clicks, a quick flash of sparks. Pause, slurp, work. The desk was chared and dirty with chunks of metal, wires and screws scattered atop its surface. Another slurp, and for the fifth time that day Tails sent the soda can home with a perfect shot into the trash. Then there was stillness.

"Finished! Just wait till Sonic sees this one!"

The stool fell to the ground, now redundant after serving its purpose, like a pawn in a game of chess.

"Hmmm, where is he? Sonic!"

Tails wiped the dust off of his denim shorts and began to briskly walk toward the shed door and outwards, his trainers skidding across the floor as he went. The sun was harsh outside but the wind whooped and cooled against Tails' heated skin, thirty degrees centigrade. The summer days were always a little hotter when you had fur on top of flesh to think about, wind was a most welcomed pleasantry. The flapping sleeves of Tails' hooded jumper flailed from the relentlessness of the wind, it's red now faded to a dulled crimson from the sheds dust.

"Sonic? Sooooonic!"

The breeze quietened for an empty moment and then blue mist, a whirlwind of it, leaving everything in its path wobbling with force.

"Hey! Sonic, over here."

And with no recoil or stopping momentum it slowed to a hault a feet away from Tails.

"Hey bud! Finally, I thought I'd never see you out of that shed again. So, what you make?"

Tails did not have a chance to answer, Sonic had begun to pat his clothes down to rid them of dust. He nodded in thanks.

"W-well, it's kind of hard to explain... at first it was going to be a computer upgrade for the tornado, then it kinda turned into a..."

Sonic stopped him, placing his hand on Tails' shoulder

"Just tell me what it is now."

Tails faltered into a stutter, having been kicked out of engrossment.

"Wha.... Oh, right."

He wiped the back of his neck.

"Anyway, I tinkered on for an hour and, oh yeah I kinda drank the last of your sodas, and it turned into this."

Tails relinquished his grip of the metallic item in his left hand, it fell into the flat that was his palm.

"Y-you drank my sodas?"

Sonic looked as though nothing could have shocked him more, HIS sodas, gone. This is an outrage.

"I specifically saved those for..."

He had began, but was stopped the shiny glimmer of chrome in Tails' gloved hand.

"Go ahead, pick it up."

Sonic pulled his hand free from his jeans pocket, there was a hesitation in its grabbing motion, unintentional, and then he grasped it. Surprisingly heavy, like it was solid gold, yet it look as though if you stamped on it there would be no more solid metal ball. A this moment of admiration then the questioning began.

"W-what is it?"

Tails gave a glee filled smile.

"This is a deflector shield, you see originally it was going to be for the tornado but then I kinda made it a little small and then I thought, it could be something you could run with, with, dodging bullets will be a thing of the past. I programmed it so that when you grip it really tightly and hit super fast speeds it'll boot up instantly...

So, what so you think?"

Sonic looked from the ball to his beaming friend and began to ruffle his hair playfully.

"It's great, but can it really deflect bullets?"

Tails stepped out of the hedgehogs friendly gesture and straightened his hair back.

"Well, not really, this is only a prototype sadly."

He licked his hand and gelled his hair back with the saliva.

"It could possibly cover you from one, maybe two bullets? There's just not enough juice, I'm going to need to invest a lot of time into this baby."

A determined look shone in his eyes, he was going to get this to work, now that he had already had the idea.

"Well good luck bud, this will come in handy some day in an emergency."

Five sodas, that's 1650 milliliters of caffeinated liquid, caffeine being the well known diuretic that it is will increase the amounts liquid transported to the bladder, which leaves you more liable to dehydration. Unfortunately for Tails he had ingested the earlier specified amount and the need for a pit stop hit him faster than you can say...

"I need to pee."

He surprised at his own utterance.

"What was that?"

"Oh, uh, nothing, just talking to myself... Look at us standing out side like a couple of lemons, let's go inside."

Lemons are also a rather strong diuretic.

"Sure thing race ya back to the house!"

The blue mist was back, then gone. Twenty yards in under a second just outside the house. Tails chuckled and took a laid back meander to the back door.

"Too slow my two tailed protege."

Tails slid the door open with smooth dexterity, it thumped into the stopper that blocked its path towards chipping the wall work. A dull sting from within, Tails did not know he had to go this badly what with all the excitement of showing Sonic his new invention... ('Bathroom please.') Tails quickened his pace.

The texture of the carpeted floor in the living room contrasted greatly with the paving stoned back-garden under Tails' sneakers, the squeaking from his rubber soles stopped immediately. An extended arm held the door open for Sonic as he stepped smoothly through.

"Hey Tails you want to watch some T.V?"

Sonic had already grabbed the television remote and pointed it toward the screen, it came to life with a flash.

"Uh, not right now, I have to..."

"What's the matter? You're acting so weird, has something happened?"

Tails' bladder was still collecting urine, it was starting to get rather painful to stand still. He began to fidget without taking notice tapping his left foot and rubbing the back of his neck, all the nervous energy and minor desperation was slowly eating away at him.

"N-nothing's wrong I just have to..."

Tails blushed slightly.

"Take care of business."

He prayed that even a blunt mind like Sonics could pick up on the obvious implied indication. He found it hard to own up to his own bathroom needs, it was embarrassing especially in front of his best friend.

"I'm sure it can wait Tails come on."

He tapped the cushion next to him on the sofa, Sonic was obviously oblivious to his urinal needs.

('Just tell him you have to pee Tails, it will be over in a second.'

'But what if he laughs at me?'

'He'll laugh harder if you have an accident.'

'N-no, I can hold it, the show can't last too long, thirty minutes at most. It'll be best to just go with the flow.')

Tails walked over to the sofa with reluctancy in his eyes, he wish he could be more

"Come on it'll be fun."

He sat next to sonic, the pressure in his bladder ever growing.

"Look, it's a three hour cartoon marathon, we can just chill out like a couple of couch potato's all afternoon!"

Sonic ruffled Tails hair again and chuckled in delight but his two tailed friend stared blankly into the T.V screen.

Three hours? His heart sank, could he really hold it that long. He noticed Sonic looking at him with concern he had been doing this for a second too long, he chuckled back he was surprised how easily the laugh came, he could have Sonic know he needed to pee oh but he knew something was up, Tails always straightened his hair after he ruffled it but it was just left there sticking out. Tails bit his lip tight and gave his legs a sly squeeze while he thought Sonic wasn't looking, this experience was going to hurt.

*

Another episode had finished and three others before that, one hundred and twenty minutes of slapstick comedy and funny, often painful, situation for the characters to deal with. Sonic had been laughing and at a couple of point been laughing in hysteric fits while tears streamed down his cheeks in laughter. He had just come out of one of these as he pulled himself back onto the sofa.

"Man that was funny, eh Tails?"

He did not reply, trying not to laugh was getting progressively harder as were the tensed muscles in his bladder.

He had gone beyond desperate he was busting for a piss, he legs wobbled from exhaustion, there was no discrete anymore which did not really matter as Sonic was laughing too much to notice Tails extreme desperation. There had been a couple of times where he'd almost lost it there and then on the sofa from laughing, Sonics laughing did not help. He was relieved when he heard the DJ announce a five minute commercial break, maybe he could meander off to the toilet, or not.

"OK Tails, spill, what's up with you? You have purposely been trying not to have a good time. Is it something I've done? Have I said anything? You know I like a little bit of banter with my buds that's why I do it with you so much,

I don't really mean it."

God damn it he needed to piss, his bladder felt like a sore mass of raw muscle containing a supply of liquefied yellow cargo. His center muscles wobbled warningly. His hands had been rammed between his legs and squeezed tightly onto his penis, his knees bobbing up then down up then down up then down the denim of his shorts chaffed his legs red. An explosion of pain wanted to push a wave of hot piss into those shorts watering them to a navy blue of serene release. What a feeling that would be to piss right there in front of his friend and on the sofa, he could feel it creep down his legs and drip to his socks, soaking his briefs to translucency; he leaked.

"NO NO NO!"

Sonic had watched on in horror not knowing what to do, not knowing what was wrong. He looked in serious pain but not injured. Maybe he was having a heart attack or worse? What could he do? Why did he jump up all of a sudden? Why won't he stop jumping about the room? And for gods sake why did he have his hands so tightly clasped on his dick?

"Tails what the... What's wrong? Please tell me."

The leak lasted a second maybe, standing up gave him more grip on his member which started to hurt from forceful squeezing. There was no wetness to be felt, he could only imagine the inch wide translucent spot on his underwear.

He stopped jumping and slowed to a quiver of desperation. There was no use in lying anymore Sonic knew something was up. He took a deep breath of oxygen and exhaled the pain, still not calming him down in the slightest.

"I...I."

A spasm; a leak. The wetness made it through the thick barrier that his pants created and turned dark in the shape of a small coin.

"DAMN IT I HAVE TO PEE!"

The blue iris' in Tails' eyes glimmered as tears began to form in them, both in desperation and shame, emotional overload was too much to handle.

"I HAVE TO PEE SO FREAKING BADLY! I'M NOT SURE IF I CAN H-H-HO-HOLD IT!"

A lump grew at the back of Tails' throat as his voice stuttered and choked up. Tears shone in the light as they ran down his fury cheeks. They made the sleaves of his jumper wet as he wiped them away. He was now on his knees, his hands gripped tightly as ever onto his penis, his legs squeezed with tremendous force.

"Oh... Uh... Hmmm."

Sonic was taken off guard by this predicament, one moment they were watching T.V next moment Tails was a quivering body on his knees. Of course he was relieved to hear it was not anything too serious after all. But it must have been pretty damn painful if he was crying like that, he hated seeing him like this like this, it was too painful, he wanted to cry with him, but he could not, he had to help his buddy, he needed to be strong for his sake.

"C-can you stand?"

Tears ran from his eyes rapidly, he could no longer wipe them from his face as both his hands were clinging onto his crotch for dear life. He managed to muster a response.

"I don't th-think so. I..."

He took a deep breath to pluck up the courage to tell him.

"I just wet myself a little bit just now, I barely managed to stop that, I don't want to have an accident sonic, please I don't want to wet my pants like a baby."

He began to cry again, he felt helpless, he could not stand or he would loose control over his bladder, and if he stayed there he would eventually lose control and piss himself anyway. His desperation reached critical overload, he leaned over his legs and squeezed with all his mite. Everything from his closed streaming eyes to his curled up toes were helping to fight the battle. Both his tails were now pushed up against his tired hands to help support there up keep of forceful grip. It was getting all too difficult for Tails to hold in and then he was not on the ground anymore.

"Hold on to something this is going to be a bumpy..."

"NO!"

Sonic was about to run full speed with Tails in his arms to the upstairs bathroom.

"Please no, if you go to fast I'll p-pee. J-just try to walk please."

As much as he hated to hear it Tails was right, if he bolted it the force would cause him to lose all control over his bladder which would lead to an extra pair of shorts in the wash later.

"OK Tails, I'll take it nice and easy."

"B-but by all means hurry, I don't think I can hold it much longer."

Tails was curled up Sonics arms, his hands jammed between his shorts, his lip had been bitten so hard it drew blood, he tasted metal on his tongue.

"Gotcha."

Sonic filled the gap between them and the stairs in five stairs and then stopped.

"Stop, please!"

Tails' bladder muscles felt like jelly he had little control over them anymore. He felt the piss spray out of his penis, it was painful to urinate when your muscles ached so. He gripped tightly onto Sonics neck and leaned his head against his chest, crying, as he urinated shamefully on his best friend. Now he could feel it, his jean shorts became heavy with wetness, the way he was sitting cause the urine to spill out from under neath them and cascade from the back of the left shorts leg onto the floor creating a thudding splat as it hit the carpet. For four seconds he pissed himself when out of nowhere he found strength, the strength to hold on, he squeezed tight, tighter , as tightly as he could, the spillage stopped. Sonics jumper was soaked in pee.

"I-I'm sorry Sonic, I can't h-hold on much longer I'm... Sorry."

Sonic did not say a word. He felt that this was somehow his fault, if he had picked up on Tails desperation before, there was no time to wallow he had to get tails to the bathroom.

"Don't apologize, just hold on."

Sonic ran up the stairs, not quite as fast as he would usually go for Tails' sake, but faster than before. Two at a time they went, each thump of shoe to stair felt like a punch in the bladder for Tails this would be a photo finish.

Six stairs left, Tails' bladder was ready to burst. Four stairs left, Sonic was focused in the moment. Two stairs left, Tails was seconds away from urinating himself. They were at the end of the corridor the bathroom insight, steps away, there was a moments pause and then.

"SONIC, PUT ME DOWN, I'M ABOUT TO PEE, I'M GOING TO WET MYSELF!."

Out of instinct Sonic stopped at Tails' say so and placed him down on the ground, he stood there, crying, whimpering, shaking violently then he stopped, another moments pause, too long. The shaking stopped too abruptly for Sonics liking, then a gasp escaped Tails bleeding lips.

"Tails, are you..."

"I couldn't make it, it's coming out... I'm s-sorry."

Then there was the splatter of liquid hitting the floor, loud and assertive. Hot piss began to trail down his legs in two streams, one for each leg, his hands were now fists at his sides. Tails had stopped crying and looked down to his shorts, there was already a tennis ball sized wet stain on the front of them and it was steadily growing, he sighed in the relief that he was blessed with, there was a slight sting from the force but his bladders relaxation was too overwhelming.

"Ahhhhh, that's better."

He could feel piss fill up his shoes and leak out of the soul on them adding to the growing puddle. His knees bent inward as he could no longer stand up straight. Piss exploded out of Tails' penis like a fire work in his underwear which were now soaked through, they clung to his fur tightly. The piss stain continued to grow uncontrollably fast it was now the size of a basket ball and continued down both legs of his pants. The loud hiss behind his pants was not quieting. The contents of his bladder seemed to be never ending, the puddle beneath Tails' bladder was reaching

Sonics, he took a step back. Thirty seconds in the stream had began to slow and the hiss was silenced and all to be heard was the drip drops of urine splatting on the giant puddle, he had finally finished.

"Sonic... I'm..."

Tails' face was bright red in shame his cheeks can went from a solid white to a thick scarlet, he could feel another wave of tears on its way but they didn't come, he just looked down towards his soaked pants and waited for a flabbergasted Sonics response. Sonic had been watching on in shock at his fury friend, he had not wet himself in a long time ever since he was four or five. Then completely ignoring Tails urine soaked clothes he held him in a brotherly embrace.

"Tails, it's OK, accidents happen buddy, please don't cry."

After a moments silence he felt Tails embrace back. Tails finally felt the tears wet his face again, his body convulsed in hysterics.

"Please... Tails stop."

Sonic felt his own tears stream down his face.

"I'm sorry, please Sonic don't be mad."

Sonic knelt down to Tails' level.

"I'd never be angry at you for something you can't help, you could not hold on any longer than you said so, you said put me down and I did, you had to go there and then."

Tails then noticed how wet he'd gotten Sonic.

"S-sonic, your clothes they're covered in my..."

He bowed his head in shame only for it to be lifted by Sonics hand.

"Don't worry about that I'll take care of this. You go and have a shower, I'll clean this up."

Tails smiled for the first time in hours.

"Thanks Sonic..."

He walked into the bathroom, his pants squelched as he walked causing his chafed skin to sting slightly. He looked back to Sonic who shot him a wink. He shot one back in return and proceeded to lock the door behind him.

The shower felt cool on Tails' skin, he had removed his jumper, shirt and shoes but had not bothered with his socks or shorts after all what was the point? The smell of urine still remained in his nose, even though the clean water had now soaked through the front and back of his shorts. He stood there for empty minutes under the healing spray of the shower. He needed to pee still. He stood there and urinated fro fifteen seconds, his bladder muscles were too tired to hold it anyway.

After hopping out of the shower he removed all of his clothes and dried off. Sonic had came in half way through his shower and brought him in some fresh jeans and underwear, he pulled these on gratefully. After putting his shirt and jumper back on he exited the bathroom to be greeted by Sonic who was on his knees cleaning the carpet.

"Hey buddy, how was your shower?"

Tails rubbed the back of his neck.

"It was good. Here let me help."

Tails got to his knees rolled up his sleeves and began to clean up his own urine with the cloth Sonic was using, he began to protest but Sonic saw how determined he was.

"Look Tails, don't beat yourself up too much it was an accident."

"I know, but I can't help but feel ashamed, I peed on myself, my clothes, the floor and you... My best friend, you really are a great friend Sonic."

"You're too buddy, you would've done the same fore me. I'm going to order us some pizza, looks like the floors pretty much clean any way, what topping do you want?"

Tails' face instantly lit up.

"Pizza great!"

Tails through the cloth back into the bucket of water, he lifted the bucket in his left hand. The night was still young they had T.V, pizza and good company what else could someone want?

*002*2013-04-30 23:10

{{: 

Good thing Amy wasn't there, or Knuckles or anyone else. I never new they wore pants though.

The story maintains Sonic's and Tails's personality very well, although it seemed to have adjusted Sonic to not only be irresponsible and thick headed, but to be demanding as well.

The build up was done perfectly. Not too much, not too little, and the inevitable. I can picture Sonic and Tails in every scene and they weren't too out of character.

The story did seem to get a little melodramatic though. It looks like you got caught up in the moment when you were writing. I'd expect Sonic to say something like "Hey, relax buddy! Here, let me help." then hoist him and rush him to the bathroom at Sonic speed. It would have been more consistent with his character.

All in all, the story was well written with great descriptive language. I enjoyed reading it. Keep up the good work.

}}

Thanks for the feedback, yeah I do get really into my writing so it's easy for me to get carried away. ^^' Just something to work on I suppose! =D

Yeah I add clothes to my characters a lot to ones who usually don't, that's just preference when it comes to omo for me! ;)

Thanks for commenting =D!

*004*2014-04-21 19:53

{{: 

AWESOME story, and cute too. I'm glad you made this story. And when you added clothes to Tails, I'm glad it's shorts that he pees on.

I've read your story earlier in Deviantart.com, and then I couldn't find your story. But I copied and pasted your text to MS Word before they got deleted in Deviantart.com

I noticed there was an extended version of your story earlier compared to this one. And this is what's missing.

"I couldn't make it, it's coming out... I'm s-sorry."

Then there was the splatter of liquid hitting the floor, loud and assertive. Hot piss began to trail down his legs in two streams, one for each leg, his hands were now fists at his sides. Tails had stopped crying and looked down to his shorts, there was already a tennis ball sized wet stain on the front of them and it was steadily growing, he sighed in the relief that he was blessed with, there was a slight sting from the force but his bladders relaxation was too overwhelming.

"Ahhhhh, that's better."

He could feel piss fill up his shoes and leak out of the soul on them adding to the growing puddle. His knees bent inward as he could no longer stand up straight. Piss exploded out of Tails' penis like a firework in his underwear which were now soaked through, they clung to his fur tightly. The piss stain continued to grow uncontrollably fast it was now the size of a basket ball and continued down both legs of his pants. The loud hiss behind his pants was not quieting.

"Oh man, ahhhh."

The warmth of his urine was soothing, a liquid not only of shame but of healing, relaxing his bladder by releasing pressure and the seeping urine felt like a gentle ,warm massage. The contents of his bladder seemed to be never ending, the puddle beneath Tails' bladder was reaching Sonics, he took a step back. Thirty seconds in the stream had began to slow and the hiss was silenced and all to be heard was the drip drops of urine splatting on the giant puddle, he had finally finished.

Losing balance Tails fell knees first into the warm puddle on the carpet. Did that actually just occur? He didn't want to believe that happened, he wouldn't. He looked mindlessly in at his puddle. Maybe this was all just a dream, one of those weird dreams where you desperately needed the bathroom in your sleep so your subconscious made a bathroom for you to pee in, then you woke up to find you wet the bed. At least then he'd have an excuse, he couldn't wake himself up in time and couldn't hold it anymore. He patted the front of his pants in hopes that they would be dry, the urine was absorbed off of his shorts and through his glove staining it a light yellow. This was no dream. He couldn't bare to look Sonic in the face.

"Sonic... I'm..."

And I have the original story in .docx file from Deviantart.com before it got deleted.

By the way, I found this picture of Sonic desperate for bathroom and he wets himself. Oh yeah.

Were you "That-Omo-Dude

" on Deviantart.com?

}}

Thanks, irvinegamer.

Yes indeed, I was That-Omo-Dude on Deviantart, but I deleted my account as I didn't think Deviantart as the most suitable place to be posting my omorashi fics. I kind of stopped writing omo's but recently I've been working on something new.

Hope this answers your questions - That picture of Sonic wetting himself is adorable by the way >=3 - Peace! =) 

