Pushing Their Limits (My Hero Academia)

Author: MasterXploder

*000*2017-10-25 21:31

Pushing Their Limits: Prologue

My Hero Academia fanfiction by MasterXploder

(With thanks to Captain L for editing)

“Mmm, this lemonade is so good today!”

Ochako Uraraka’s declaration was the first thing that had been said since the group of students got in line at the UA Hero Academy’s cafeteria. Chatter and noise buzzed all around them, but an odd bubble of thick silence had formed between them.

Ochako looked around with raised eyebrows. “Anyone? What do you think, Deku?”

She looked over at Izuku Midoriya, who did not return her gaze. Instead, he glanced to the side, hand resting on his chin while he muttered nonstop. Exactly what he was mumbling about, Ochako couldn’t catch, but the words “festival” and “training” kept coming up.

“Deku?” she asked again, but to no avail. “Deku!”

“Wha!?” Third time was the charm, as Midoriya snapped out of his monologue and stood up straight. “S-sorry, Uraraka. I guess I got a little too carried away again,” he said, putting his hand behind his head.

“That’s no good, Midoriya,” said Class Representative Tenya Iida, who stood behind him. “You should always pay attention whenever someone is speaking to you, especially if they are of the opposite gender.”

“Really?” said Ochako, “then you heard what I just said, right?”

In a flash, Iida’s stoic leader front fell away as sweat formed on his forehead and he brought a finger to the bridge of his glasses. “Uh, well, yes, I er, that is to say, um…”

“She was just saying she likes the lemonade,” said Tsuyu Asui, who stood next to Ochako. “And if it’s as good as this tea, then she’s not wrong, ribbit.” She finished with a sip from her cup.

Ignoring Iida’s hypocrisy, Ochako turned back to Midoriya. “You know, you’ve been getting lost in thought a lot lately. Is everything okay, Deku?”

“Yeah, I guess I have,” replied Midoriya, “I’m just focused on the Sports Festival, that’s all. We only have maybe a week left before it’s here, and it seems like the teachers are mostly just letting us train ourselves for it.”

“I must agree with Midoriya,” said Iida, “The Sports Festival is our chance to prove our talents to professional heroes all over the world. Our performances there could seriously impact our future careers as heroes. I would be more worried for him if he wasn’t taking it seriously.”

“That’s true,” frowned Ochako. Not even a day after their class had survived an attack by dangerous villains at the USJ did Mr. Aizawa have them preparing for the Sports Festival, a school event more popular than the Olympics themselves. Knowing they would have to compete against not just the other classes, but each other, meant they would need all the help they could get.

“Maybe it would help if we asked the teachers to make some kind of exercise for us,” said Tsuyu, putting a finger to her chin.

“For sure,” said Ochako, “but right now, I just hope this line starts moving so we get to eat soon. The food smells so good from here!” She leaned over to count the number of students ahead of them. There were still a few to go, but they were getting there. She would focus more on the Sports Festival once they were all sat down with their meals.

“Heeeeeeey, Class one-aaaaaaay!”

Or so she had thought.

The booming voice of Present Mic over the intercom drowned out all other conversations in the cafeteria, and quite possibly the entire building. Several students, including Izuku’s group, put their hands to their ears to make its volume slightly more tolerable, some of them dropping their trays in the process.

“W-what the!?” said Ochako.

“An announcement? Now?” said Midoriya.

“Hero Class 1-A is to change into their hero costumes and report to the buses up front at once! Don’t keep us waiting~!”

The intercom clicked off, leaving everyone to stare at each other for a moment.

“Change into our costumes? What for?” asked Ochako.

“It sounds like we may have just gotten our wish, ribbit,” said Tsuyu.

Iida stood up tall and set his drink to the side. “It doesn’t matter what they’re calling us for, we must respond at once!” He raised his arm high, and an aura of leadership seemed to form around him. “Class 1-A! Follow me to the locker rooms!”

“But we know where the…” Midoriya tried to say when a hand covered his mouth.

“Maybe let him have this one,” said Ochako with a smile.

Midoriya nodded, Ochako withdrew her hand, and the group quickly departed the cafeteria, the entire class eventually coming together on their way to the lockers. Discussions of what the announcement could mean for them came up between them, but all of them concluded that they would find out soon enough.

“Surprise training exercise!?”

The entire 1-A class yelled this with a frown as they stood in front of the school buses and their teachers, all of them wearing their hero costumes with the exception of Midoriya, who wore his athletic uniform instead.

“What’s wrong? You all don’t sound too happy to hear that,” said All-Might, his hands on his hips and chest puffed out as always. “Weren’t you all hoping for some more training for the Sports Festival?”

Mina Ashido raised her hand. “Well yeah, training’s great and all. It’s just that…”

“This does not match our schedule as we were told,” interrupted Momo Yaoyoruzu. “Our lunch break was cut short, and most of us had yet to sit down with our meals before the call. Some of us may end up too fatigued for proper training.”

“Seriously, I’m starved over here,” added Denki Kaminari, holding his stomach.

“Is that so?” retorted Mr. Shota Aizawa, still covered head to toe in bandages, his flat yet commanding voice bringing the students back to silence. “I’d have thought this class of all classes would have realized something very important by now.”

“Something important?” asked Midoriya.

Aizawa nodded and continued. “Since you’ve started your training, you might have come to rely on a sense of routine here. However, villains and disasters operate on no such schedule. They can strike at any time and any place without warning, something you all should have learned from the attack at the USJ.”

“You won’t always be in peak condition when the call to action arises,” said Thirteen, their muffled voice still coming in clear as day. “And today, you’ll get to experience that by training at our off-site facilities without having lunch.”

“Off-site!? But we’ll be even hungrier by the time we get there!” complained Rikido Sato. “I might have to eat all my sugar packets so I won’t starve to death.”

“Pfft, whiners,” scoffed Katsuki Bakugou. “I don’t care if I eat or not. I’ll crush anything this school throws at me!” He held out his fist and let off a small explosion.

“Me too!” Eijiro Kirishima pumped his fist. “I won’t let a growling stomach stop me from clearing this exercise!”

All-Might put out a mighty thumbs-up. “That’s the idea! A true hero will always jump at the chance to save the day, no matter the time or handicap! But don’t worry, we won’t throw anything too crazy at you for this exercise. Much like the entrance exam, you’ll be battling robots for much of the test.”

“No offense, but battling robots doesn’t sound very difficult,” said Kyoka Jiro, crossing her arms. “Especially if you’re going through all this trouble to starve us beforehand.”

“It’s not that simple.” Aizawa shook his head. “You’ll be fighting in teams of four, each in a different location with different objectives. There will be more to it than simply smashing every robot you come across. As to the specifics of each exercise, well, you’ll just have to wait until we get there to find out.” No one could see him crack an almost sadistic smile under his bandages.

However, All-Might’s sincere grin was clear as day as he spoke next. “As some added motivation, every student that scores well enough to pass will get to enjoy their lunch right after the exercise, prepared by our very own Lunch-Rush.”

“Lunch-Rush!?” Several eyes lit up at the legendary hero-chef’s name. “We’ll do our best!” yelled many of the students.

All-Might laughed in the way only he could. “Then what are you waiting for? Everyone inside the bus!”

On cue, the doors to the bus opened, and the students lined up at the bus’ door, some smiling in confidence, others frowning in either annoyance or worry. Ochako found herself among the latter, looking down at her feet as she climbed into the bus. Not being able to eat before an important exercise was concerning, but her stomach was not what currently had her attention. Her focus rested on something further down her body.

Like Mr. Aizawa had warned them about, Ochako had fallen into bit of a routine at school. Everyday, she would first go to her locker to grab the supplies for that day, then make a stop at the girl’s room before going to class in case she had forgotten to do so at home. When lunchtime came around, she would first enjoy her meal with friends and then pay the toilets a second visit. However, she had remembered to go at home this morning, and that second visit was obviously not happening now. That meant it had been several hours since she had relieved herself, and that was becoming more apparent with the tingling in her bladder.

As she took her seat, Ochako’s legs pressed together a bit more than normal. At first, she had thought it fortunate that she at least got something to drink before the training, but now that might be a curse in disguise. With no idea how long it would take to drive to the exercise, let alone take the exercise itself, she had to wonder how much longer it would be before she could slip away for a bathroom break.

“You alright, Uraraka?”

“Hmm?” Ochako looked over to see Midoriya sitting next to her. “Oh, I'm fine!” She put her smile back on in a flash. “I was just getting focused for the exercise, that's all. I guess you aren’t the only one getting lost in thought in today, hee hee.”

“Heh, I guess not,” said Midoriya with a nervous smile. “Sorry if I was bothering you just now.”

Ochako waved it away with a hand. “No, it’s okay. Actually, it might be better if I have someone to talk to. It’ll help the trip go by quicker.” And keep my mind off my bladder.

“S-sure, I can do that,” replied Midoriya to Ochako’s relief.

Soon after, the bus’ engine roared to life, sending the students on their way. The chatter amongst them varied, with some discussing potential strategies, to others casually shooting the breeze about whatever subject, to a few like Shoji and Tokoyami sitting in silence and steeling themselves for the training to come. However, no matter what they did, none of them could truly prepare for the obstacles they would have to overcome soon enough.

(Author's notes: So here we go, another multi-chapter story with a word count much higher than I anticipate. Apologies for not having much in the way of omo in this chapter, but that definitely not be the case for the next installment. I'm already a good ways into that chapter, so we'll see if I can finish it up in a timely enough manner. Then again, I've got a Switch with both Fire Emblem Warriors and Mario Odyssey...)

*002*2017-11-03 16:31

$$

Pushing Their Limits:

Zero Bathrooms for Zero Gravity

(or, "Ochako Oshikko")

(Note: Forgot to mention this earlier, but all characterization is based on the anime, so apologies in advance if it's not entirely consistent with the manga.)

UA Hero Academy was not just the most prestigious school for heroes, but also one of the most expansive. Roughly an hour outside of city limits were several large-scale training facilities and simulations, each meticulously crafted to help would-be heroes respond to just about any crisis they could imagine. It was almost an artform how they could make a simulated city or factory seem real enough that students would protect it as if it was the genuine thing.

Right now, Ochako could not focus on the grandeur of the makeshift city streets she walked through. Her major thought was if the architects had gone to the trouble of designing some of these buildings with functioning bathrooms. She knew it was the last thing she should be focusing on, but the pressure in her distended bladder made it all but impossible to ignore.

How did it get so bad, she wondered. Sure, it had been awhile since her last pee, but she had done lengthy stretches between bathroom visits before without much trouble. The few sips of lemonade from the cafeteria couldn’t have added that much, either. Was the stress of not having lunch and a surprise training exercise affecting her in weird ways? Whatever it was, at least the walking helped tone down the pain, if only a little bit. She also gladly took advantage of being behind all her teammates by keeping a hand on her groin.

“Jeez, my stomach is killing me.”

Of course, that hand would come straight off the moment her teammates did anything remotely different.

“Wait, weren’t you bragging about not letting your stomach get in your way back at school?” asked Hanta Sero with a cheeky grin.

“Hey, I still stand by that,” retorted Kirishima, “Though I gotta admit, I wasn’t expecting to be this hungry. This might actually cut into my endurance a bit.”

“Well if that’s the case, you can just sit back and let me do the heavy lifting. I’m still in tip-top shape today.” Sero stuck out his chest in confidence, but as if on cue, his stomach growled immediately after, causing his grin to fall away.

“Ha! You were saying, tape boy?” Kirishima gently elbowed Sero in the gut.

“Alright, alright, so I’m pretty starved too, but at least everyone here is in the same boat as me.” Sero looked behind him, forcing Ochako to snap her hand away again. “Isn't that right, you two?”

“Um, w-well…” Ochako was not the best at being put on the spot, especially with her bladder as full as it was.

“I think we need to start focusing on our surroundings,” said Midoriya next to her. “If the exercise has already started, then the robots might be attacking the city right now.”

That's right, our mission. Ochako had nearly forgotten their objective between the team’s banter and her bladder. Despite Aizawa’s warning, her team’s exercise really did just boil down to smashing robot that they found. The major catch was the robots would not be targeting them, but instead attacking the city directly. Their goal was to prevent as much collateral damage as possible, for as All-Might put it, “A true hero is never as destructive as the villains they fight.”

“You say that, but I'm not seeing or hearing anything around here,” said Kirishima.

“That's because you're only on the ground, dummy,” replied Sero. “You gotta get up high to get a good look, like this!” He raised his arm skyward and fired a long strip of sellotape from his wheel-shaped elbow. It latched onto the top of a nearby building, and Sero pulled himself to the rooftop with ease.

“Alright, let’s see what we got here.” Sero put his foot on the roof’s railway and his hand above his eyes in a showy display. “Hanto Sero, recon expert at your service!”

“Quit being a show-off and just tell us if you see anything!” yelled Kirishima. It was more blunt than how she would have phrased it, but Ochako found herself silently nodding in agreement.

“I’m looking, I’m looking!” Sero turned his head the other direction and suddenly tensed up. “Hey, got something!”

“You did!? What is it?” asked Midoriya.

Sero pointed and yelled, “Smoke clouds a few blocks away! One to the east and one to the southeast!”

“Two different directions? They gotta be attacking multiple areas at once,” said Kirishima.

“We’ll need to split up,” declared Midoriya, “Uraraka and I can take the ones to the southeast.”

“W-We can!?” Ochako felt a nervous sweat forming on her brow.

“You sure about that? You guys might need my muscle for some of those bots,” said Kirishima.

Ochako opened her mouth to speak, but Midoriya cut her off. “Sero will need your strength more than us, and if we get in real trouble, I can use my quirk to keep us safe.”

Kirishima looked back and forth between them before nodding. “Alright, Sero and I will crush the robots to the east, then.” He looked up towards Sero and yelled “You get all that!?”

“Got it! Let’s bust these bots and get our food!” declared Sero while he climbed onto the railway. In a move straight out of comic books, he jumped off the rails, launching his sellotape at another building and swinging away in true hero fashion.

“Hey, leave some for me!” Kirishima took off for him at once while a series of skin-spikes grew out of his body.

Just like that, Ochako and Midoriya were by themselves on the streets. Before an awkward silence could develop, Ochako turned around and started down the road. “Come on, Deku, we better get going, too.”

“W-wait, Uraraka!”

Ochako stopped in her tracks and slowly turned her head. “What is it?”

There was a moment where Midoriya looked away before speaking. “I know I asked you this before, but is something wrong?”

“W-what do you mean?” asked Ochako, trying to keep a straight face. Please don’t tell me...

“It’s just… you seem tense and distracted. Are you feeling okay?”

She tried to hide it as best she could, but Ochako’s mind raced with panic. Of course Midoriya’s excellent perception would pick up on her subtle signals, even if he hadn’t fully pieced it together yet. He was the last person she wanted to have this predicament around, even among the likes of Mineta and Bakugo. At least those two weren’t people she normally hung out with.

“Um, no, I’m feeling fine! Just peachy, in fact!” she said, faking a smile.

“Are you sure? I know we haven’t eaten in awhile, so if you’re not feeling well, please don’t push yourself too hard.”

“I’ll be okay, just a little hungry is all,” Ochako replied, giving a thumbs up. “The sooner we get to eat, the sooner I’ll get better.”

Midoriya stared at her for a moment much to her worry, but then nodded and turned towards the smoke cloud. “Right, then let’s get these robots before they can wreck the city.”

“I’m right behind you,” called out Ochako as they took off.

Just as she hoped, Midoriya led them forward, allowing her to put a hand between her legs again. It offered little comfort, unfortunately, as the reality slowly dawned on her. She would have to battle and defeat a group of tough robots with a full bladder, all while hiding her powerful need from Midoriya the whole time. It was a Herculean task before her, one she was not certain she could pull off.

No, don’t think like that! She shook the doubts out of her head. A hero had to keep a brave face against the odds, no matter how grim they looked. She was gonna give it all she had in this exercise, if only because there was no other way to keep herself dry.

U.A.’s robotic A.I. was some of the most advanced in the world, but even it had its limitations. The robots for the exercise were set to focus on destroying the city around them, but not specifically pay attention to the heroes unless they were attacked. This meant that it was possible to get the drop on them and take them out before they could retaliate.

Ochako was quite happy to have figured this out, for they wouldn’t have to waste valuable time going toe-to-toe with the bots. Between her quirk not being the best for straight-up offense and Midoriya’s quirk seriously hurting him whenever he used it, it was the best course of action, and she took it with glee.

Running straight up to a robot smashing the corner of a building, Ochako lifted the large construction beam she had found nearby over her head. What should have been impossible to carry without a crane was held up with ease thanks to her zero-gravity quirk rendering it weightless. With a yelp, she tossed it into the air like an Olympic athlete, where it soared upwards with no sign of stopping.

Ochako waited only a few moments before bringing her fingertips together and yelling “Release!” In an instant, the I-beam’s weight returned, sending it falling to the earth like a javelin. It impaled the robot, easily smashing through its head and chassis, bringing its punching arms to a dead stop.

“Whew!” Ochako panted. She was certain the beam was now stuck into the ground, but it was a small sacrifice for preventing an entire building from collapsing. “Okay, that’s another one down, just a few more to g-OH!”

It seemed that her bladder had mistook her command of “release” to apply to itself as well. Her underwear suddenly grew warm and wet from a sizeable spurt as the exhaustion from utilizing her quirk hit her. She bent forward, snapped her legs shut, and shoved both hands down there in the blink of an eye, anything that would stop the leak from turning into a flood.

“P-please no,” she mumbled through grit teeth, “Not here, not like this!”

Whether from strength she never knew she had or sheer divine intervention, the spurt did not grow any bigger, and her bladder eventually calmed back down. She sighed as she slowly stood upright. Disaster had been averted for now, but it still served as a powerful reminder of how little time she had left before the inevitable happened. Please don’t let there be too many more robots...

“Gyah!”

“Deku!?” Ochako felt a cold sweat coming on as she turned towards Midoriya. That was a yell of shock and panic, and it did not take long for her to understand why.

She did not know where they came from or why they were attacking him, but four new robots had shown up and slowly moved on Midoriya, their intention to beat him to a pulp clear as day. He had just jumped back to avoid a punch, hence his shout, but now his back was to a wall, and the robots left no room for him to slip away.

Ochako knew things were bad now. Sure, Midoriya could activate his quirk and dispatch the robots if he absolutely needed to, but that would cripple whatever limb he used. Recovery Girl could help him heal it with hardly any trouble, but he would be in enormous pain until then and, worst of all, probably miss out on his meal reward. She could never let that happen to him, not if she had anything to say about it.

There was no hesitation in Ochako’s movements as she rushed forward as fast as her legs could go. Her bursting bladder no longer mattered one bit to her, only the safety of her best friend. The pounding in her chest, burning in her lungs, and soreness in her legs would not stop her either, for the closer she got, the closer the robots lurched towards Midoriya, and the more she became convinced she could see the bright glow of his quirk slowly activating.

“Stop!” she yelled at both the robots and Midoriya. All as one, he and the robots looked over at her, the glow on Midoriya’s arm fading away.

“U-Uraraka!?” he said.

She did not respond, instead putting her plan in action. Ochako leapt forward, landing her leg on the closest robot’s leg and touching it with her hand. Before it could react, she pushed off it and landed next to the second bot, touching it as well. Her quirk quickly took effect, and the first two robots began lifting into the air, their limbs flailing about without hitting anything.

Already, the strain from her quirk was hitting her, but she couldn’t stop now. “Quick, this way!” she shouted, holding out her hand.

Midoriya wasted no time in running towards her, yelling a quick “Thank you!” once he caught up to her. Ochako, however, did not run back as far as he did, instead slowly backing up while the remaining robots closed in on her.

Come on, just a little closer, she thought while slowly raising her trembling hands. A mere moment later, and the robots moved up just as she asked. “R-release!” She pushed her fingertips together, and the pressure on her suddenly vanished.

Just as planned, the two robots she levitated into the air fell straight down, crashing into their brethren. Smoke, sparks and pieces of metal flew all around, and as the dust settled, the heroes were rewarded with a view of four busted and nonfunctional robots.

“W-wow.” Midoriya looked at Ochako, who remained motionless. “Thanks for the save again, Urarak-”

“Aah!”

Ochako suddenly broke her stillness and buried both hands deep into her groin. She had pushed her body to its limits with that last use of her quirk, and the effects hit her hard. Her stomach churned and squeezed, making her want to void its contents, but the worst effects came from further south. Even with hands between her tightly-pressed legs, she could still feel a tiny leak making her skintight pants ever wetter. This was her limit, and now she had maybe seconds left before the floodgates flung open.

“Uraraka!? What’s wrong?” came Midoriya’s panicked voice.

“I… I…” Ochako’s eyes grew moist from tears. There was no point in hiding it anymore, not when Midoriya was going to find out in a few seconds anyway. “I… need the toilet!” she yelled with her eyes shut and head lowered.

“The… what!?” Midoriya stuttered, reeling back.

“I need to go! Right now!” Ochako wobbled in place, every last bit of her strength devoted to not hosing her costume right there and then.

“R-right, a b-bathroom. But where?“ Midoriya looked around, his expression as frantic as Ochako’s.

She didn’t have time to wait for him. Already, the leak was growing in volume, to the point where she could feel the first dribble going through her panties and into the suit itself. “J-just don’t look!” was all she said as she waddled forward, her goal being the wrecked robot nearby. It was only a few steps to get behind it, but each one caused another leak to escape her. By the time she made it there and squatted down, a drop had managed its way down her leg and into her boot.

Gasps, whimpers, and the occasional “come on…” left her mouth while Ochako fumbled with her belt and costume, frantically looking for the zipper that would enable her to get her clothes out of the way of the oncoming flood. It only took a few seconds before she realized how pointless that endeavor was. Her leaks had only gotten worse since her hands and legs moved away from her groin, and there was little the liquid could spread to in her squatted state. With how wet her underwear and pants already were, a little more urine was not going to hurt them any more.

Her epiphany came at just the right time, for without warning, the last of her holding strength gave out. Ochako did not need to look down and see it for herself; she could feel the warmth of several hours worth of stored-up liquids spreading across her crotch, powering through the spandex and falling to the ground in a series of rapid drops with a light stream in the middle. Such a force was not without sound, and the combination of the splattering on the street and the hissing from Ochako’s more private regions made sure that anyone nearby would know what she was up to.

She was peeing herself on the streets in broad daylight, an experience she had not had since before grade school. Her best friend was also just a few feet behind her, knowing and hearing full well what was happening to her. Any other time, this would have easily been the most humiliating thing to ever happen to her, as well as a clear failure to display the fortitude necessary of a hero.

At that moment, however, none of these things mattered to her. All she could focus on was the sweet release of finally letting go, all those stressful and painful feelings being replaced with the pleasure of an empty bladder. Her frantic breathing slowed into a series of longer and louder sighs until she closed her eyes and let out a long moan, smiling the whole time. She knew it was not very modest or particularly heroic, but for the time being, that did not matter to her. It simply felt too nice to have her pee at long last.

Still, a part of her kept her mind on Midoriya and how he felt about all this. She trusted him not to look, but he was probably still nearby to make sure nobody else walked in on her. I hope this isn’t too awkward for him...

Midoriya scratched his bright-red cheek while he stood with his back turned to the robots. When he had first entered the academy, he had expected a mountain of trials and tribulations to defeat in his quest to become a hero. Standing guard for a girl while she relieved herself in a public location was something he never would have guessed would be part of his training, whether it was planned by the UA or not. Then again, could any hero ever prepare themselves for something like that?

The thought of peeking on Ochako handling her business made him shudder in disgust, so temptation was not an issue. What was a problem, however, was the sheer awkwardness. He might not be able to see her, but he could the faintest sounds of water hitting the ground and pleasurable sighing behind him. A cold sweat formed on his cheek while the noises he was never meant to hear drove his mind wild despite his efforts to focus on something else.

The other problem was something he had not noticed until Ochako ran behind the robots. Hearing somebody answer the call of nature made him realize that his own bladder had been filling up since the bus trip. He was not desperate by any means, but it was at that point where the discomfort was becoming noticeable. Hopefully, he would not need to wait too much longer before he could pay a visit to the restrooms. Until then, he would just have to shuffle his feet to keep the pressure at bay.

“Where are they!?”

“I think they went this way!”

Just when Midoriya thought this situation couldn’t get any more awkward, the voices of Kirishima and Sero sent his heart rate flying. They were nearby and, if his memory of this city’s layout was accurate, would be coming around the corner very soon. He glanced back to the robot Ochako squatted behind, hoping to see her finished going and making herself presentable. Not only was she still crouched and the hissing sound as strong as ever, but now a very visible yellow puddle was spreading from underneath the robot.

He could already see the worst case scenario playing out in his head: their other teammates seeing the growing puddle and putting two-and-two together, or worse, running right past it and having a direct view of Ochako in mid-pee. The poor girl would be mortified beyond belief, and the shame of failure would hang around his neck like a hundred ton weight. He could not let that happen no matter what; Ochako was his friend, and letting her down was the least heroic thing he could possibly do. But what was he going to do to keep them from going up to the robots and asking about Ochako?

No time to think, they would be rounding the corner anytime now. Before even he knew what he was doing, Midoriya turned around and ran up to the robot, keeping his head turned to the ground so as not to have any accidental peeks. Unzipping his fly, he fumbled with his pants and All-Might themed boxers until his aim was free of any barriers. A couple seconds passed in what felt like an eternity as he waited for his bladder to start emptying, his heartbeat feeling particularly strong in those moments.

It started as mere drops dripping onto the ground, gradually coming out faster and more connected while Midoriya slowly got used to deliberately peeing in public. The drops eventually formed into a stream of off-yellow, arcing farther and higher until it struck the robot’s wrecked chassis. A clear sound of water bouncing off metal rang through the quiet street, while the pee trailed down until it added to Ochako’s already-impressive puddle.

A light sigh left Midoriya as he hit full stream. He had to admit that despite the circumstances, it felt nice to relieve his bladder a good deal earlier than he expected. A split second later, however, and that feeling ended as he heard a pair of footsteps running up behind him.

“Oh good, there’s Midori-what the!?” Sero’s voice jumped up in volume.

“Dude, gross! Talk about unsportsmanlike conduct!” yelled Kirishima.

“Eh heh heh,” Midoriya laughed while turning his head, revealing his blush and nervous smile. “S-sorry guys, I-I just couldn’t hold it in anymore, you know?”

Both Sero and Kirishima put a hand behind their heads and turned around. “Ugh, at least you dealt with the robots that slipped away from us,” said Sero.

“Y-yep, all clear over here,” said Midoriya, “Now c-could I have some privacy, please?”

“Bit late to be asking that,” said Sero.

Kirishima turned to the other street and said, “Come on, let’s head down the other way and see if there are any other stragglers.”

“Alright. Go find Uraraka when you’re done and regroup with us when you can,” Sero added as he took off, “And don’t touch anyone until you wash those hands!”

“Heh, g-got it!” replied Midoriya. Huh, I didn’t take Sero for the kind of person to be that serious about hand hygiene.

To Midoriya’s relief, the streets were once again devoid of life save for him, Ochako, and his rapidly-draining bladder. He sighed while he watched his stream grow weaker, the splatter falling from the robot onto the urine-soaked ground before further reducing to a few final spurts. He had embarrassed himself rather badly, but at least it was for a good reason. Right now, his concern was for Ochako and how she was feeling after all this.

Deku… really did that for me?

The last minute or so had been quite the emotional roller coaster for Ochako. She had fallen into a dead silence upon hearing Sero and Kirishima’s voice, though there was nothing she could do to halt the downpour coming from her crotch. Then came the pitter-patter right behind her and Midoriya’s up-close voice which made her heart pound in her throat. She didn't dare turn her head, but knew full well what he was doing to cover for her.

Much as she appreciated not having anyone else know about her sudden potty time, the thought of someone humiliating themselves for her sake filled her heart with the heavy weight of guilt. Having others take the fall for her was a very unheroic thing to do, and she had to make it up to him somehow.

The other boys had not even left yet by the time Ochako’s spray finally began its slow decline. Another fifteen seconds, and her bladder fully ran out of pee to add to the large puddle below her. She wiggled her butt to shake off the last couple drops, then slowly stood up, hearing Midoriya gasp and quickly adjust his clothes.

Rather than confront him immediately, Ochako first took the time to examine the damage on her costume. For the first time ever, she was thankful her outfit was a skintight suit with dark colors. The only signs that she had wet herself were a shine on the crotch and maybe the pink was a little darker, things that someone would only notice if they were directly focused on that part of the costume. It’s a good thing Mineta isn’t here right now, she thought.

Walking around to Midoriya’s side of the robot, she found it hard to make eye contact with him, though in the brief moment she did, she discovered he had the same problem as well. She put her hand behind her head and tried to speak, but the words would not leave her lips. “I… uh…” was all she could manage at first.

“Um, so…” muttered Midoriya, “Are you...”

“I’m sorry!” blurted Ochako, lowering her head.

Midoriya reeled back in surprise. “S-sorry? What for?”

Ochako put her hands together at her legs and glanced to the ground. “Um, Mr. Aizawa was right. I should have taken care of this before I went to lunch, but I fell into a routine of waiting until after.”

“Don’t blame yourself for that,” said Midoriya, shaking his head. “Nobody could have guessed the teachers were going to spring this exercise on us.”

“It doesn’t matter if I couldn’t see it coming. I should’ve been able to hold it like a real hero, but I couldn’t, and then you went and embarrassed yourself for me. I don’t know how I could ever make it up to you for that.”

“Oh, please don’t worry about that. It’s nothing, really.” Midoriya put his left hand to his chest. “In fact, I’m the one who should be apologizing to you, Uraraka.”

“A-apologize?” Ochako’s eyes opened wide and looked straight ahead. “But why?”

“Please tell me the truth, Uraraka. Did you come to my aid and yell ‘stop’ because you didn’t want me to use my quirk and hurt myself?”

“Um, well…” mumbled Ochako, scratching her head. Midoriya’s perception was spot on as always, yet she still found it hard to admit to it.

“It’s okay, you don’t need to say anything.” Midoriya held up his right arm and looked at it. “I came to this academy so I could become the greatest hero, but until I master my quirk, I’m as big of a danger to myself as any villain.”

“Don’t say something like that, Deku!” Ochako raised her arms. “I think you’re great hero material even without mastering your quirk.”

Midoriya let out a sigh. “Still, if I had better control of it, you wouldn’t have had to push yourself so hard to save me, and then you might have had a chance to find a bathroom in time. It’s hard for me not to feel a little burdensome, you know?”

Is that all? Silly Deku, she thought, growing a soft smile. “It’s okay, I felt the same way when I was trying not to wet myself this whole exercise.” She stepped forward, closing the gap between them to a few feet. “And that’s why we’re here, right? To push ourselves and learn how to be real heroes so we won’t have to feel like a burden to others.”

It took a couple seconds, but Midoriya smiled in earnest for the first time since the exercise started. “Yeah, I guess you’re right.”

“You’ll get there someday, Deku. I know you will,” said Ochako, “I just hope I can keep getting better right with you.”

“Then let’s get better together,” replied Midoriya, giving a thumbs-up, “So neither of us have to embarrass ourselves again.”

“Hee hee, maybe not the best motivation, but together it is!” Ochako returned the thumbs-up with glee. It never failed to amaze her how a quick chat with Midoriya was sometimes all she needed to get into a better mood. She could still feel its fading warmth, but her wetting seemed so far away right now.

The crashing of a collapsing building nearby made her forget about it even more.

“Wuh-what was that!?” Both Midoriya and Ochako snapped their attention in the noise’s direction. As they feared, another robot had turned up, this one as tall as the skyscraper it had just demolished. Sero and Kirishima could be seen dealing with it already, but they certainly could not get the job done alone.

“Seriously!? Where did that even come from?” asked Midoriya.

“I guess they want us to really earn our lunch,” said Ochako.

“Then we better stop it before it can wreck anything else.” The two of them glanced at each other and shared a nod before running off to face the robot, leaving the scene of their emergency piddle behind, their bladders now as empty as their stomachs. A sense of hunger could be seen in their eyes, not just for food but for growth, and they would fight to the last drop of strength until they had enough of both to call themselves true heroes.

$$

