_____ _______`s Mixup - Omorashi & peeing fiction - OmoOrgmixup/

Author: RosaE836

*000*2014-11-13 02:42

This story has been sitting around for awhile, so I might as well post a couple of chapters now. I'm starting off with chapter one and two at the same time because chapter one is way too short to post on it's own. The omorashi doesn't start until chapter three, so I guess that's another reason to post both one and two at the same time.

Thanks, frostyjr2, for taking time to edit this odd story so far.

###

Chapter 1: Mixup

_____ woke up at the sound of an alarm. Hitting the snooze button, _____ groggily rolled out of bed, getting ready to start the day. _____ noticed something odd, they were wearing pink pajamas. "That's odd." _____ thought. "I don't ever wear pink." but they shrugged, walking over to a drawer and opening it, noticing the neatly folded skirts inside.

"My mom must have accidently placed my sister's clothes in here." _____ thought, instead going through the drawers to pull out some skinny jeans and a grey T-shirt. _____ took off their pajamas and slowly put on the shirt and jeans, not really willing to wake up just yet. Then sleepily looking in the mirror to make sure they looked okay, he did a double-take, not believing what his eyes had witnessed.

"Am I... a girl?!" _____ said, fully waking up from her previously tired state. She looked closely, rubbing her eyes a few times and looking up and down, but the image was as real as the Earth.

"I- I must be dreaming. That's it! I'm dreaming! Soon enough, I'll wake up and it'll all be-"

"Kristina! Hurry up! It's the last day of school and you have a final to do in Electronics class!"

A feminine voice, _____ thought, and that of an adult. It must be her dream mother.

"I'm coming! Give me a minute!" Kristina yelled, looking for her backpack. As she spotted the bag, she noticed a pile of books and papers left aside in a pile. Picking up one of the books, she saw that it read "Spanish III".

"Good thing I already took that test in my dream, I'm awful at foreign languages." Kristina gently placed the book down and looked towards the backpack, noticing the key-chain dangling from the small cyan bag. The key-chain contained, of other things, multiple cute little animals.

"I have to admit, this is one detailed dream."

Reaching for the backpack, She unzipped it, revealing a folded piece of paper, a red mechanical pencil, spare lead, a spare eraser, a pink watch, and a pink graphing calculator. First picking up the calculator, she opened it up and turned it on, noticing the colored battery in the top. She then hit the graph button, noticing multiple colored lines representing the shape of a heart on the screen.

"A full-color graphing calculator, must have cost a lot." Kristina said, thinking back to what her mother said, then also thinking about a contradiction that had entered her head.

"I already did this final exam two days ago, I should have arrived at my new house yesterday, and I was supposed to visit my new school today to look around for next year... Hmmm, but I can't remember much else."

She then turned off the calculator and replaced it in her bag, pulling out the piece of paper. Unfolding it, she noticed that it was a map, reading ‘Thule High School’. That seemed to ring a bell in her head.

"It was this school, I'm sure of it!"

She then looked more closely at the map itself, noticing multiple rooms that are circled and crossed out with a big 'X' on each.The only one that wasn't 'X'ed out was marked room 169.

"That must be where my exam is."

She then looked at the back of the map, noticing a schedule labeling what two times tests are taken, with some of the names of classes that were crossed out next to each of the other two.

The uncrossed out "Electronics" class was on the bottom half. Kristina looked at the time noted on the sheet, memorizing it, then folded the paper and placed it into her pocket.

She picked up the watch and put it on her wrist, checking the time to compare with what she had memorized. It was twenty-five minutes until the first time, plenty of time to make it for her final exam.

Kristina's mother, however, disagreed.

"You don't want to be late for the bus. You know I can't drive you there today, I have work!"

Realizing her mother was right, Kristina quickly zipped up her backpack and pulled it over her shoulders.

She opened the door to her room, but before she could even take a step, Kristina heard her mother gasp.

"Kristina Promethia! What are you wearing, and on your last day of school for this year!” Her mother frowned and continued, “I thought you had fashion sense! Please, have some forethought!"

Kristina was now frozen in place, the barrage of her mother’s words causing confusion and affecting her like a strong gust of wind, keeping her from leaving the room and even forcing her back a few steps.

"You even told me last night, 'I'll wear the pink silk blouse and matching chiffon skirt, they’ll go nicely with my cyan backpack.' Then you went on to say, 'I might as well leave an impression that will last all summer so I can get Alex to like me better'!"

Kristina knew this was simply a dream, and she hadn't even existed in this dreamworld to say such things, yet Kristina couldn't help but feel her cheeks heat up as she blushed.

"I-I didn't say that!" Kristina said.

Her mother simply pointed, and said "It's written all over your face, there's no denying it."

The blush deepened, and Kristina decided to take on her dream mother by stating the nonexistence of this world. Taking a deep breath, Kristina said "This is all a dream, I'll wake up any minute now."

"Ha! and next you're going to say you're someone else who's dreaming!"

"Yes, I am! My name is _____ _______!"

Nothing but silence was exchanged for a minute, but it was broken by her mother's next words.

"Dear, I don't feel like joking around any longer. Hurry up and get dressed, or you'll really be late. Oh, and a tip? I think a joke name is funnier when you say it out loud, instead of mouthing out gibberish."

###--

Chapter 2: Realization

Kristina walked back into her room, closing the door behind her.

"Normally this is the time I wake up, or at the very least sprout wings and bend my dream to my own will..."

She also thought about this Alex she heard mentioned. "Somehow, that name seems off to me..." Thinking back to the conversation, her mother said something about Alex liking her better.

"Hmmm, it could be short for Alexander, or not... I'll just wait and see, this might still be a dream, after all."

Looking around the room, she noticed the aforementioned clothes spread out on her desk. Upon closer inspection of the desk, she also noticed a small red phone and a hand mirror. Picking up the mirror, she took it upon herself to figure out what she looked like more carefully than earlier. Her long, red hair was straight, and her blue-green eyes sparkled, showing off a turquoise hue to them. She looked at her chest, frowning at the lack thereof.

"I wish I had bigger- what am I saying? I didn't even have them until today, and already I want something more substantial?!"

Shaking her head to dispel such thoughts, Kristina opened up her backpack, placing the hand mirror inside, then she pulled out the paper from her pants pocket. Kristina placed the paper on the desk as she quickly got dressed into her vibrant clothing, soon draping the backpack over her shoulder and placing the paper and phone in her skirt pockets.

"I never wore a skirt before... this feels so..." Kristina couldn't find the right words, leaving the statement hanging without any further elaboration.

Leaving her room, she was once again stopped by her mother. "You have your key, right? I'm not going to be home from work by the time you get back."

"I think it's, um..." Kristina checked her pockets, not finding any key.

Her mother chuckled and pointed at Kristina's backpack.

"Silly, it's on your key-ring, as always. Well, I'm heading off, bye!"

Kristina blushed, noticing she hadn't realized a key would be on something as obvious as the key-ring, and one she had observed earlier. She then thought of something else.

"Wait, where is the-" but the slamming of the front door made her realize she had asked too late. "... bus... stop..." she trailed off with a frustrated sigh.

Heading towards the door, she saw the only pair of shoes remaining. They were cyan, like her backpack, and somehow she knew they were one of a few other pairs of shoes that must be somewhere else.

The door swung open as the confused Kristina walked outside, unaware of the bus stop's location. She looked around, and soon noticed a group of students, most of whom seemed eager for summer to start. Walking towards the group, she took the time to look at the sky.

The sun hadn't risen too far just yet, but it was pretty bright outside regardless. It looked like it was going to be a sunny day, with there being barely a cloud in the blue sky. She could smell the faint but definite scent of salt being blown on the air coming from the south; the ocean must be close by.

Kristina wasn't much of an outdoors kind of person, but even she enjoyed days like these, with the sun heating the air and a gentle breeze blowing up her skirt... Her hands shot down as she noticed what was happening, trying to protect her panties from prying eyes. Looking around, she noticed most of the students were too busy with their conversations to pay her any heed.

"So, you're even matching with your panties, huh?" a voice said from behind, making Kristina jump.

She turned around, noticing a short girl with long, wavy, blonde hair. The girl was wearing a short green dress and tan shoes, along with a tan handbag over her shoulder.

"Her breasts are bigger than mine..." Kristina mused, a little bit jealous.

The girl chuckled, whispering,"Trying to impress someone?"

Kristina shook her head, muttering with a blush on her cheeks, "Even if I was, it's none of your business. Anyways, who are you, so keen on perversely peering at my pink panties?"

The other girl took a step back pretending to have been hurt from the words that Kristina had so casually handed out.

"Why, I'm your classmate, remember? From Electronics class? Don't you know my name?"

"Humor me."

The girl brushed back some of her hair before answering.

"I'm Lissa, Lissa Dysprozy, remember? You gave me some notes to study with yesterday, so I'm surprised you wouldn't remember my name."

Kristina didn't say anything in response, so Lissa decided to change the subject. "Anyways, you brought your calculator, right? Ms. Seleen said she's not handing out calculators."

Kristina took off her backpack, opening it up to proudly show her calculator.

"Oh, you have one of the fancy ones Ms. Seleen has! Can I see?" Lissa asked, smiling wide when Kristina nodded and handed her the calculator.

Lissa hit a few buttons, then paused to chuckle and say "Typical Kristina."

Kristina blushed, knowing full well it was simply just the heart on the graph, yet she still felt embarrassed by Lissa's reaction.

"W-well, I thought it looked cute, and I'm keeping it there for good luck."

Lissa handed back the calculator, giving another small laugh.

"Whatever you say."

The bus soon pulled up to the curb, and Kristina followed her classmate, hoping this wasn't out of the ordinary. They sat together, and the bus started to pull away, heading North towards Thule High School.

There was plenty of time until they arrived at the school, and Kristina had decided to think over one question that was going around in her head.

"I wonder why everyone has all these weird names, even the school..." Sadly for her, she couldn't figure out what exactly they meant, and continued observing the area. Kristina looked around the bus, but the only thing of interest was the obvious nervous expression on Lissa's face.

"What's wrong? Didn't you study?" Kristina asked. Lissa nodded, but she still looked nervous.

"I did, but you know I'm terrible at assembling the circuits."

Kristina placed her hand on Lissa's shoulder.

"Don't worry, you'll do alright. Plus with any luck, you might get a very easy one."

Lissa smiled back.

"Thanks, maybe I will."

Kristina noted, however, that it wasn't a very convincing smile.

"So Lissa, do you know where Ms. Seleen got her name? Not trying to be rude or anything, but it sounds rather odd." Kristina asked, not willing to ask where Lissa got her own, much more strange, last name. Lissa chuckled.

"Yeah, I noticed teachers have weird names."

"That's not EXACTLY what I meant to ask, but I need to get some kind of answer." Kristina thought.

Lissa continued. "I dunno, someone told me she was born in the Netherlands or something. Does that help?"

"Not really, but thanks anyways." Kristina responded. "Dang it! I was so close! If only I knew Dutch... Wait, what?" Kristina realized that she somehow already knew what language was being used.

"Lissa, what do they speak in the Netherlands?"

"That's an odd question, let me look it up on my phone..." Lissa tapped through her phone, and when she pulled her gaze from it, Lissa said "Dutch, but you're good at guessing this stuff anyways." Questions raised through Kristina's mind. Just as spontaneous as her last question, she asked a new one.

"What score did I get on my Spanish three final?"

"W-Well, yesterday you said it was the easiest final you ever took, but you are aware you don't get the scores until later, right? Also, can you stop with all the sudden questions, you're starting to freak me out."

"Oh, all right," Kristina sighed, a bit frustrated now.

"Great, I can't ask her if I'm good at geography or if I know other languages, or anything for that matter." Kristina thought, regretting that the questions she asked didn't give much info that she needed. "I wonder what else I'm good at now that I normally wasn't before..."

They finally reached the school, and Kristina didn't seem to take much notice of it, instead trying to think of what questions she should ask other people. Her mind was brought back into reality, when Lissa unwillingly said, "We're here, Kristina. Let's go." Leaving the bus, she had no idea where to go, so she just followed Lissa.

On their way, the two girls ran into a confused looking boy. He looked a little familiar, and it seemed that Lissa knew him. "What are you doing here?" Lissa asked the boy, making him turn her way.

"Oh, I'm just walking around the school." The boy said, then turned to Kristina. "Oh, is that a friend of yours?" the boy said.

Kristina must have not met him, she guessed. Lissa nodded her head. "Yes, her name is Kristina. Unlike you, we're here to do more than loiter."

The boy smiled, then stretched his hand out to Kristina. "My name is Nick, nice to meet you." He said. As soon as the words left his mouth, Kristina knew that he wasn't saying his real name. Lissa must have also known, since she giggled. Despite that, Kristina couldn't just state "That's not your real name", as she should have had no way of knowing about it. Realizing she was being rude by not shaking Nick's hand, Kristina quickly did so, giving a nervous smile.

"Well, we have to be going. Try not to get into trouble, if that's not too much to ask." Lissa said, and the boy quickly responded with "Hey, stop making me look bad in front of your friend!" With that, the two girls continued on their path.

They soon arrived at their destination, the school cafeteria. There were a decent amount of tables and chairs set up;although it was obvious the room could have held much more tables and chairs, that didn't matter since not too many students were present. Most of the students, Kristina assumed, either had finished their finals earlier in the week, or they were taking them right now. Sitting down at an empty table, the two waited for their exams to start, which would be a few hours away. Kristina wished she could have taken a bus would have gotten them here in the middle of the day, but on the other hand, she realized that she wouldn't have known where the bus stop was if she hadn’t seen the other students all heading for it when she left the house.

Lissa had pulled out a handheld game, making Kristina wish she had found one in her house before she left. Kristina decided that she would give Lissa a few minutes, then see if she could ask her a few more questions.

Lissa paused her game; she must have sensed Kristina had a question, possibly from Kristina's body language, or possibly some minor mind reading capabilities. Her imagination raced on, reaching multiple outrageous conclusions, but it crashed into a wall when Lissa started to speak.

"Can you tell me why you're staring at me? I'd understand if it was the game, but you're looking directly at my face."

"O-oh, sorry, it's just that I have something to ask you."

"What is it?"

Now that she was finally getting the opportunity to ask a question, Kristina realized that she had far too many questions to ask, and hadn't thought of what to ask first. Noticing the impatience in Lissa's expression, Kristina decided to go with one she thought of rather recently. "Who was that boy we saw earlier, the one you knew."

Lissa rolled her eyes at this.

"Oh, him. He was my boyfriend two years ago, but we got different high schools. Also, don't think we're close, we broke up after a week, he just wasn't my type."

"Then who is your type?"

At this, Lissa sprouted a devilish smile.

"One that would do anything I wanted, thinking of me first instead of himself."

Kristina knew from the face Lissa was making, Lissa's type would more accurately fit into the category of 'slave' than 'boyfriend'.

"Anyways," Lissa continued, "I didn't think I'd see him in this school, but whatever."

"Hey, I noticed you were giggling when he introduced himself."

"Oh, yeah, that's because that's not his real name. He's using a nickname... get it?" Lissa said, pleased with her play on words.

Kristina ignored it, deciding to get to the point. "What's his real name then?"

Lissa put a hand on her chin, pretending to think really hard about it. "I don't knooooooow... I think it started with a 'C' or something, but even if I knew you wouldn't need to know or anything, right?"

Kristina didn't care too much for Lissa's playful attitude, as she really wanted to get answers. It was obvious she wouldn't get a name right now though, so she decided to ask a different question, hoping she wouldn't get the same reply from Lissa as her mother gave her.

Taking a deep breath, Kristina asked the question. "I was wondering if you heard a name before, would you mind if I ask?"

"Not at all, who?"

"I was hoping you knew someone called C____ _______."

Kristina got really confused, but Lissa stated "No, I haven't heard anyone go by the name 'C'... unless you stopped mid sentence?"

"Actually... never mind, forget I said that."

"Okay, already forgotten! Now if you'll excuse me, I'll be going to the bathroom."

When Lissa left, Kristina's mind was frantically trying to find an answer to what she just said and heard. "C____ _______, why is there a ‘C’ in my mind now? Could that mean that my old name was...? But then that would mean the boy I met was me. No, not me, it's the original Kristina! I wonder if that means we switched bodies somehow... That could be it, maybe that's why the boy looked so familiar! Now I just need to ask him upfront. He should be..."

Kristina then realized a very crucial point. "But he could be anywhere in this school, and if I leave here Lissa would probably wonder, plus I don't want to ruin Kristina's image. After all, what if that boy in particular happens to have a similar name, but not be myself? Plus, who's to say I can even get back in my original body? If I'm stuck in Kristina's body forever, I'll have to live with anything I do."

Lissa was back, and noticed Kristina was deep in thought.

"Whatcha thinking about?" Lissa asked.

Kristina looked at Lissa, giving a smile. "Oh, nothing much. Just... thinking about what we had to learn for the final. ...Oh, you were worried earlier about not passing the final, so why aren't you studying right now?"

Lissa blushed and dropped her gaze, looking rather embarrassed. "Well... You see... I kinda forgot my notes..."

Kristina was a little bit surprised by this answer.

"So you remembered your video game console but forgot your notes?"

"Well, I had to do something after the test, so when I packed that I thought I already had everything for the test itself!"

Kristina shook her head, wondering how people could forget something as important as notes for a final. "You at least have paper, right?"

"I do, why?"

"Well, I can sketch out some of the stuff for the circuit, and we can study that way."

"Oh, I never thought of that." Lissa replied, taking out her paper while Kristina took out her mechanical pencil.

"OK, let's get this started."

*001*2014-11-20 04:18

Chapter three, here is the omorashi I promised, hope everyone enjoys!

Thanks for taking time to edit this chapter, frostyjr2.

###--

Chapter 3: Exam

There were only five minutes until the exam started by the time the two girls finally decided to stop studying.

"Thanks for the help, I think I might actually pass this test now." Lissa said, stuffing all the notes in her backpack.

"You're welcome. I'll be going to the restroom before the test, then." Kristina got up, but Lissa grabbed Kristina's arm.

"We have five minutes before it starts; we might not be able to get to the classroom on time if we don't hurry."

"Bu-... OK." Kristina responded, capitulating reluctantly.

Lissa smiled, and they started walking to room 169.

"You know how Ms. Seleen is about students arriving on time. Remember how she locked that one student out of the classroom for being ten seconds late?"

"I remember that, who wouldn't?" Kristina lied.

Of course she didn't remember it at all, but she figured she might as well not disagree with Lissa about something so trivial.

They continued talking, and before the two girls knew it, the classroom was in front of them.

"Ready?" Lissa asked.

Kristina nodded. "Ready."

"Let's go in, then."

Entering the room, Kristina saw multiple tables, with two seats per table. Not too many students were in the room, so either they had done the tests earlier in the week or there just weren't that many in this class.

Whatever the case, Kristina followed Lissa, unsure if there were arranged seats for the final, but guessing that it would be with Lissa. Or at the worst, Lissa would tell her where her seat was. Either way, on the way to her seat, Kristina heard her teacher talking with one of the students.

"So I bet you've got some big plans for the summer, right Ms. Seleen?" asked a boy.

The teacher shrugged.

"Not really, what did you think I was going to do?"

"I don't know, probably go to the beach since the sun is great this time of year!"

Ms. Seleen smiled back at the student.

"Oh, I actually don't like being in the sun too much, but I do like stargazing at night. The moon looks great outside, especially when it's full..."

The boy gave a small laugh.

"That sounds really romantic, I bet you have a guy you plan on watching the night sky with, huh?"

Ms. Seleen blushed, and whispered something in the boy's ear, and the boy had a surprised expression on his face.

"You're really dati-"

"Shhh, I said don't tell anyone."

Ms. Seleen quickly silenced the boy, who proceeded to whisper to Ms. Seleen.

Unable to listen in on anymore of the conversation, Kristina sat next to Lissa.

She set her bag down beside the table and pulled out her supplies,carefully laying out her red pencil, spare pencil lead, spare eraser, and her pink graphing calculator neratly on the table in front of her.

Looking at her watch, she realized that they still had a minute or twountil the exam was to start.

"Not enough, however, to go to the restroom and back" Kristina thought.

Checking to see if somehow her calculator had stopped working between now and the last time she looked at it, she turned it on.

And was rewarded with a message.

It read "Are you able to read this?" in lime green text.

Kristina turned to Lissa and asked "Did you type a message in my calculator?"

Lissa faced her, but she seemed confused.

"No, why?"

"Nothing, I was just wondering..."

Lissa resumed her previous position, questioning if she truly understood the notes.

Kristina brought her attention back to the calculator. She checked to see if there were any programs installed, but there weren't any, and from what she knew about most calculators, they didn't have WiFi.

Expecting no reply, she typed "Yes, who are you?".

Waiting a few seconds, she was surprised to get a new message.

"Time for that later, but I know what's going on with you."

"What do you mean?"

"You aren't the same person you used to be, are you?"

"So what if I'm not?" she typed rapidly.

"Sorry, but I see you don't trust me just yet, and I think your about to take a final, am I right?"

Kristina was about to type something else, but the bell rang, drawing her attention. It was signaling the start of exams.

Looking back at her calculator, she saw it read "Talk to you later, good luck." and within a few seconds, all of the messages cleared, leaving no trace.

"This is one odd calculator, it sure makes me believe this is just one long dream..."

"Kristina, pay attention, she's explaining the final." Lissa whispered, prodding Kristina's arm with a pencil.

Kristina nodded and listened to Ms. Seleen, rubbing her arm from the not-so-gentle poking.

The teacher explained there was to be a written portion to start off with and then a circuit was to be constructed with whatever parts were handed out. A basic diagram showed the circuit and explained what was to be accomplished by said circuit, which, once constructed correctly, ended the final exam. What really caught Kristina's attention was the last sentence.

"I know you're all ready for summer break, and I am to, but if you finish early, you must wait until the bell rings to be dismissed. I would say it's to discourage speeding through your last final and get it over with, but it's actually school policy."

A student raised their hand, and Ms. Seleen pointed, giving him permission to speak.

"What if we need a drink of water, or something? Can we go then?" The boy asked.

Ms. Seleen shook her head, saying "Sorry, but you’re not allowed to leave the classroom (early) at all . Even I'm not allowed outside until the bell rings."

Kristina soaked in those words with dread. She could feel her bladder already telling her to empty itself, how could she survive another hour, even less two and a half?

Kristina received two piles of paper, made up of two papers stapled together each.

Giving one to Lissa, she could have sworn she saw Lissa slump back in her chair, but this time with a smile on her face. In fact, she did, for the teacher also noticed.

"Did I make it too easy?" Ms. Seleen asked, a smile on her face.

Lissa shook her head. "No, it's just easy enough."

Ms. Seleen's mood seemed to improve, glad her students were actually learning. Or so she hoped; she hadn't received any finished copies yet, but she was optimistic.

Kristina, having already taken the test before (albeit from a different teacher, at a different school, and in a different body) also thought it wasn't too difficult.

Ohm's Law was practically ingrained in her head by now, and she finished the written part of the final within twenty minutes.

Grabbing the paper with the diagram of the circuit and the parts to go with it, she quickly assembled it, taking a few minutes to double check it before reporting to the teacher.

That part had taken about ten minutes, as the circuit was rather simple, but she had noticed the gradual increase in pressure on her bladder the whole time.

When the teacher walked up to her, Kristina demonstrated the circuit in action, and was pleased to have succeeded on her first try.

The teacher collected the exam from her and moved on to Lissa, but Kristina didn't pay her any mind. Now Kristina could now fully concentrate on the only thing that mattered until the end of the test period: not drenching herself with pee. She could feel the pressure within her continuing to build; it was very slow, but she could definitely feel it.

Trying not to draw suspicion, she placed one hand in her lap, doing the best she could at discreetly holding her pee in.

Checking her watch, she was surprised to realize only ten minutes had gone by. She thought that, at the very least, a half hour had passed, if not an entire hour!

How could time flow so slowly, yet her bladder fill so quickly? Her bladder slowly swelled more and more, filling up, and weighing downwards, making its condition more known than before.

Her stomach gurgled. Was it because it was telling her she still hungry, only having eaten half of a sandwich Lissa had so generously offered? Or that it was busy turning that one bottle (too many) of water that Lissa also gave her, turning it into the very much unwanted pee that was slowly, but surely, filling her bladder? She didn't know, but she dare not take her mind off her bladder for too long, or it might try to empty itself on its own. Twenty minutes had gone by.

Kristina looked to her right, and was pleased to see Lissa sleeping. The less people that knew the state she was in, the better. Kristina shifted in her seat, and pressed her hand down into her skirt a little harder, trying to keep the sensation down, and succeeding, if only slightly. Ten more minutes had gone by.

By now Kristina had begun to gently bounce, trying her best to keep it in. Her mind was whispering "gotta pee, gotta pee" over and over in her head.

Another student raised their hand. It was a girl this time.

Ms. Seleen approached her, saying "What is it? You already finished your test."

"Well, I was wondering if I could use the restroom real quick, it won't be long..."

"Sorry, but you know what I said, we all have to stay in the classroom.

You'll just have to hold it."

"Fine," the girl replied somewhat petulantly.

Kristina wanted to block out the whole conversation. It was making her need to pee that much greater, but she couldn't help hearing every single word.

Twenty minutes had passed by now; that left one more hour remaining.

Her bouncing was getting a little more pronounced, and she had to stuff her other hand between her legs. She looked around to see that everyone else around her was preoccupied, mostly having their consciousness traded for some well earned sleep.

However, there was one person in particular Kristina most certainly wanted preoccupied, but unfortunately, she wasn't. The girl from earlier who needed the restroom. The one who was squirming desperately right in front of her now.

Kristina tried slowing down her bouncing, but she was forced to press her hands even more into her skirt. It didn't help much, but it was all she could do at the moment.

Forty-five minutes left.

Or was it all she could do? Her hands were craving to grab herself, but not through her skirt. Something that would help even more...

"No! I would never do that!" But maybe just one hand under her skirt? Just that little bit more, just one hand pressed against her panties to help her hold...

"I can’t, that's unladylike!" she thought.

But she had only been a girl for all of today, what could she possibly know about what was or wasn't ladylike?

Her bladder was sending more signals, and she was getting more desperate by the second. Maybe she could hold it without being obstructed by panties?

"I need more pressure there, or I'll surely burst any minute, but I can't stoop that low..." or could she? Only forty minutes left, and it was getting painful to hold.

"Are you okay?" a female voice whispered from in front of her.

Luckily, Kristina didn't get startled from it, or she would have lost it right then and there.

"Y-yeah, I'm fine." Kristina said, but it did no more than prove to the girl in front of her that she was, in fact, not okay.

"Are you sick?"

"N-no."

"Then do you... need to pee?"

The word 'pee' brought a shiver down Kristina's spine.

"O-of c-course not!... Just, p-please, ignore me."

The girl was worried for Kristina, but realized she could do nothing to help, especially considering the shape she was in herself. Thirty-five minutes.

A spasm.

Pee leaked out of Kristina despite wishing otherwise, yet it stopped as quickly as it started.

She could feel her panties getting damp from soaking in the small amount of pee, and she was feeling her chances of making it out of this room dry slip away. Thirty minutes until she could leave.

Her bouncing was back to its more obvious form, and her hands dug into her skirt, unable to even go under her skirt if she wanted now, as even moving her hands slightly could cause the dam to burst. That didn't lower the temptation, however. She leaned forward, trying her best to hold it in, and she now started to give up on hiding her desperation. Who would care anyways if they knew she had to pee or not? It would be much more humiliating to wet herself than to explain why she was holding herself in class on the last day of school. Twenty-five minutes until she could pee.

The girl looked back, but all she could give to help Kristina with was a nervous smile. Even she wasn't sure Kristina could make it to the end of the class. Another wave hit Kristina, and she could feel the pee squirt out of her again, this time lasting a little longer than the last. She could feel her now very wet panties cling to her skin, not helping her predicament at all. Twenty minutes until relief.

Shaking, bouncing, clenching, shifting left and then right, none of it was helping as well as it was earlier. Yet, if she stopped any single one, she would instantly cover the seat with Kristina pee. It was getting more difficult to hold, and more painful at that, making her question if she should just give up right there. But she couldn't, no, she wouldn't!

Only ten more minutes, and she would be on that porcelain throne she craved very much! Just ten more minutes!

Time was crawling at an unbelievably slow rate, but only two more minutes, and she would be free... or so she thought. As if like a curse, Kristina could hear her bladder’s cries of pain. It was stubborn, and it wanted to get its way. And it wanted to be emptied, now. Kristina could feel the urgency suddenly build as she heard her bladder yell "I need to go right now!" And it started to dribble pee, only stopping after soaking her panties and creating a wet spot on the front and an even bigger one on the back of her skirt.

She only had one more minute to go, maybe not even that much! She held on as best she could, trying to keep everything in.

Finally, the bell rang. She was now allowed to leave. She wanted to leave, actually, she wished she could leave, but she was pinned down by her own bladder.

The bell was long, and while many students picked up their things and left school to ride a bus or some other form of transportation, Kristina was sitting motionless in her seat now.

One last wave of urgency had gone through her body the very moment the bell rang, but her bladder muscles had been too fatigued to handle it, so there was nothing else poor Kristina could do about it.

Pee started gushing out of her at a tremendous rate, and the only thing she was glad for was, while her skirt was getting drenched, nobody could hear the pee overflow and spatter onto the floor since the bell was still ringing. Or it could have been the fact they wanted to start summer break as soon as possible, but that didn't make much of a difference.

Her skirt was quickly darkening until not even an inch was spared from her pee. Even her blouse had gotten a bit wet, the pee wicking up it slightly. Tears mimicked her pee, bursting from her eyes and falling to the floor as well, splashing, mixing together, only making the puddle grow that much larger.

When her pee finally stopped, she realized something, she was still pinned to the chair, but not due to her bladder, but by another force. Looking with her blurry, tear-filled eyes, she realized she was being embraced. No, not just embraced, she was being hugged.

"Kristina, I’m so sorry! If I only knew you had to go that badly, I would have let you go to the restroom before class," the voice from behind her said.

Kristina shook her head, looking down, her face absolutely crimson.

"No, it's not your fault, I'm just a little girl, I can't even make it to the end of class without wetting myself..."

"No, you're not a little girl; accidents happen."

Kristina didn't respond to that; her attention was focused on the puddle spreading slowly at her feet. She didn't even notice as Lissa quickly put away Kristina's supplies into Kristina's backpack, carrying that with her own bag.

Lissa sighed, knowing she had to say something she dreaded.

"Is your mom able to come pick you up, or is she at work again?"

Kristina shook her head, saying "She's at work, she won't be able to pick me up."

Lissa didn't know what to do, for neither of them had their driver's licenses yet, nor did they have any parents available to pick them up. "I guess I'll have to ride the bus home, let's g-"

It was Ms. Seleen that interrupted her. "I'll drive you home, Kristina."

"But Ms. Seleen..." Kristina muttered.

"No buts, I can't have a nice girl like you riding a bus when it's obvious you had an accident, and on the last day of school, no less!"

Kristina looked up, wiping away the tears as best she could, smiling.

"Thanks, Ms. Seleen, and can you give Lissa a ride as well?"

"I don't see why not… she lives close to you and you need a friend to comfort you anyhow."

She was beginning to feel a bit better now, but as she got up, Kristina’s slightly more cheerful mood was shattered as the pee that had collected in between her legs fell and splashed into the existing puddle, even rolling down her not-so-dry legs.

The falling pee splashed onto her sneakers, completely soaking any parts that might have somehow been left dry. Tears welled up in her eyes once again, and she tried her best not to cry anew. Taking a few steps to the door, she could hear the splashing of her pee, and the subsequent squelching of her drenched socks and sneakers.

They waited until the hallways were empty, then they left the school and got into Ms. Seleen's car.

The ride was mostly silent, although halfway through it, Lissa whispered, "I noticed you've been asking a lot of questions, so when you feel better, you can ask me some more."

Then she smirked and raised a finger. "But that doesn't mean I'll answer every question."

They arrived in front of Kristina's house, and Lissa walked Kristina to the front porch, after thanking Ms. Seleen, of course. Taking Kristina's key, she opened the door and left Kristina's backpack inside the house.

"I'll be at my house next door if you need me, okay? Just get yourself cleaned up, Kristina." Lissa said, trying to comfort Kristina some more.

Kristina rubbed her eyes, then responded with "OK, thank you for the help."

Lissa smiled, and before she left, she said "That's what friends are for, right?"

Kristina shut the door closed as Lissa walked away.

“Well, that was certainly humiliating enough,” she thought.

“Not only am I a girl now, but I just wet myself like a little 4 year old one.”

She brought the backpack up to her room, leaving it beside the bed. Kristina quickly stripped in her room, placed her phone on the table, grabbed some pajamas. After taking the dirty clothes to the laundry room, she took a hot shower, then got dressed in her pink pajamas afterwards.

She laid on the bed, absolutely drained from what the day had brought.

"I hope this really is just a dream" Kristina thought, and then her eyes closed.

She was sound asleep in seconds.

*003*2014-11-20 23:36

{{

Wow, this was wonderfully written. I'm so curious to find out more about the calculator. I sure hope Kristina won't be able to return into her own body fot quiet some time 'though. Hopefully she'll find out some more disadvantages of being female first, like having to wait in line to pee and being practically unable to pee in public.

}}

I'm glad you enjoy it so far! I plan on continuing this for a bit, so Kristina won't be returning to her body too soon.

I'll try to keep your suggestion in mind, it sounds like a good idea.

*005*2014-12-11 04:32

I hope I didn't make anyone wait too long! Here's chapter four, enjoy!

And once again, thanks for continuing to edit my story, frostyjr2.

###

Chapter 4: Problems

"There is something important I have to tell you," Kristina read on her calculator.

She didn't remember even picking up the calculator, but Kristina didn't question it, instead questioning the person that had been doing who knows what to communicate via calculator. Or was that ‘calculators’?,

Kristina didn't know for sure if the other person was using a calculator to communicate, but she had no reason to doubt it.

In any case, it didn’t matter much one way or the other.

"What is it?" Kristina typed back, but she didn't get an immediate answer.

Waiting a few minutes, she put down the calculator, realizing she needed to pee. Getting up from her bed only seemed to add more pressure, and she bent forward, holding herself between her legs. Her white skirt was pushed up against her panties, which then pushed against her special spot, but it did nothing to help her desperate state.

"Does Kristina always have to pee this bad in the morning if she doesn't pee before bed? If so, I better remember to pee before bed next time..." she contemplated.

Looking down again, she realized she was wearing a white cotton top, which seemed a bit odd, as she didn't recall getting dressed today. But Kristina could have simply put it on while half-awake and not remembered that she did.

Kristina looked back at her calculator, wondering if she should wait for the response, but her need was climbing very very quickly, and surely the important thing the other person was trying to say could wait, right?

Making up her mind, she quickly headed out the door, running towards the bathroom. She slammed into the door, not noticing it was closed.

Now Kristina could hear the shower running, making her need even worse. Caring more about trying not to wet herself again than peeing in front of her mother, Kristina tried the doorknob, but it only rattled. It was locked.

Banging on the door with her free hand, Kristina shouted, "Mom, I really need to pee, please let me in!" But she got no reply. Kristina leaned against the wall, holding herself with both hands now, bouncing up and down to try and hold it, but nothing seemed to be helping.

C____ woke up, looking around the dark room. "It must have just been a really long dream." C____ thought. Looking down at his chest, he noticed he no longer had breasts.

He was back in his original body. Quickly getting out of bed, C____ leaned forward, stuffing a hand in his crotch, noticing once again the need to pee. "I must have really needed to pee by the end, that's why I woke up up." he deduced. Shuffling towards the door, he opened it, looking through the dark hallway, trying to find a bathroom. Seeing the closest door, he reached for the doorknob, but found none. Inspecting the door, he noticed it had a little 'Men's restroom' symbol on it.

"Am I in a hotel or something?" Ignoring that and pushing against the door, it wouldn't budge. This bathroom was also locked. "What? It won't open! If I don't find an open bathroom soon, I'll surely flood myself!"

Looking around desperately, C____ noticed a sign with an arrow on it. Looking towards where it pointed, he saw another door, this time with the 'Woman's restroom' symbol on it. "Th-this is going to be so embarrassing if someone finds me, but the only other choice I have is wetting myself." Making up his mind, C____ ran towards the door, opening it with his shoulder. It swung open, and his eyes lit up at the site of a multitude of cubicles. Taking another step, he stopped, hearing a dripping sound.

Looking down, she realized that her white skirt was getting wet, somehow not even noticing nor caring about the fact that she was no longer a boy. The sight of her skirt turning yellow before her very eyes was enough of an embarrassing distraction to not pay any mind to the aforementioned fact.

Trying to press harder into her skirt didn't stop the torrent of pee from falling from her failing floodgates, creating a puddle on the floor. Her skirt was getting so saturated that the pee even traveled up her shirt an inch before the peeing stopped. She couldn't feel any of that pee, instead feeling as if it pooled against her back more so than her front.

Kristina woke up, noticing that it was later in the day from when she fell asleep. It wasn't night just yet, as the sun hadn't fully set, but it was still rather late in the day. Remembering the calculator, she pulled it out of the backpack beside her bed, seeing two new lines of text since before the dream, yet they were oddly familiar.

"There is something important I have to tell you."

"What is it?"

No response to the last message, and for a second she thought she was still dreaming. Shifting around in her bed to get a bit more comfortable, she no longer thought she was dreaming. While her heart sank, she now wished she was still dreaming. Looking at her bed, she noticed the drenched sheets, and peeling them off her, she was presented with the equally drenched pajamas Kristina was wearing. Placing the calculator back in her backpack, she yanked the sheets off the bed, determined to hide this evidence before it came to light.

Opening the door to her room, she paused, noticing her mother standing there, right hand ready to knock on the door. And her left carrying Kristina's peed in clothes from earlier. "When I took them to the laundry room, I probably should have actually placed them IN the washer..." Kristina thought ruefully. An awkward pause filled the air, and soon Kristina couldn't help but turn crimson, tears flowing down her cheeks. Dropping the wet sheets, Kristina fell to her knees, sobbing at the embarrassment of it all. She only stopped when she heard her mother's soft voice.

"It's okay Kristina, just calm down and we can talk about it." Kristina sniffed, but nodded. Her mother helped her up, then said. "On second thought, why don't you give me your wet pajamas and sheets while you take a shower. We can talk after."

Kristina handed the sheets over and walked into her room. Opening the drawer that held her skirts, she grimaced at the sight of the white skirt she was wearing in her dream.

She thought for a second that she should wear pants, but somehow even the thought of wearing pants only reminded her that, no, this was not a dream, and yes, this was real. Covering it up with a few other skirts, she pulled out a long black one, then grabbed a red short-sleeved shirt, along with a red pair of panties. She walked out of the room towards the bathroom, taking off the dirty clothes to a laundry hamper in the room.

Finished with her shower, and fully dressed, Kristina pulled out the clothes to hand to her mother, who was washing some of the other clothes in the laundry room. Kristina's mother motioned for Kristina to follow, and they walked towards the living room, each sitting on a chair.

Kristina felt awkward with the whole situation, not wanting to be there at all. She looked around nervously, not really wanting to meet her mother's gaze, yet she couldn't help locking eyes with her now. Kristina felt like a little girl who was waiting to be scolded by her reluctant mother. Opening her mouth, Kristina's mother hesitated, but soon made up her mind to forge ahead despite the awkward subject.

"I know that you've still been wetting the bed every few months or so... well... I'll just get it out there… now you've started having accidents during the day, and we might have to do something if you keep it up."

Kristina was torn. On one hand, she was upset that her mother was coming to such a conclusion for a matter that was a complete accident. On another, she was mad that she ended up in this body in the middle of such a dilemma.

Her mother spoke again, partly realizing what was the matter.

"I know what you’re thinking, but this should not be a punishment, in fact, it would be a good way to cope with it.

It's not gonna happen today, don't worry about that, I just wanted to tell you ahead of time, that way it won't be such a surprise when it does happen." Kristina was barely listening anymore, instead choosing to look at the floor rather than have to acknowledge what her mother was saying.

Giving a deep sigh, her mother said, "That's all, you can go."

Without further delay, Kristina made her way back to her room, seeing her bed in its sheet-less glory. With everything that had been going on, she hadn't even realized the fact that there was a plastic sheet on her bed. That was somewhat surprising to her because she had been in the bed a couple of times now, yet never had noticed the plastic sheet.

"I guess it's because I didn't expect there to be one in the first place," she thought to herself.

Taking a closer look, she noticed something strange. The bed was completely dry now.

Kristina shrugged, thinking that in the time she had taken cleaning up in the shower, her mother could have dried it off with plenty of time to spare.

Looking around her room, she remembered about the calculator. Picking it up, she noticed a new message had appeared, and she had to scroll down to read it all, as the screen made the font size rather large. "The main thing I have to tell you is, to get right to the point, if we don't do something by this summer's end, you'll be stuck in that body permanently. I won't go into details now, but I'd like to tell you I'm trying my very best to figure out a way to get you back. I advise you check this calculator at the very least once a day, just in case I hit a breakthrough."

Kristina absorbed all of the info. Instead of answering her questions, though, it only seemed to generate more of them. And the biggest one of them all being "Who is this person?" Like it or not, the way this person was talking, it was obvious they wanted to stay anonymous, at least for the moment. Kristina took this as the best time to ask a very specific question. "Do you know who I originally was?"

The next message seemed to shake Kristina up quite a bit. It began, "While I am aware that you are in the body of Kristina, and that you swapped bodies,

No

I do not know. And from the fact that you're asking this question, sadly, I doubt neither do you."

Kristina stared at the screen in disbelief.

"How could you know I swapped bodies but not know who I am?!"

"I can't tell you that yet."

"Why can’t you tell me now?!"

"Because it's something I have to show you. And before you ask me if you can see it now, no, it's not repaired yet."

"Then what am I supposed to do, wait?"

"How about finding your original body, and then report back to me when you do?"

"Fine," Kristina replied petulantly.

Turning off the calculator, she tossed it on her desk and sprawled herself across her bed, staring at the ceiling. Sure she wanted to get back in her old body, but right now she just wanted a break.

Kristina had had a big day, after all. The clock hadn't even struck twelve o-clock, yet and already she had wet herself in class and wet the bed, in that order. Sure, she couldn't really get any sleep until she got her sheets back, but that didn't mean she had to leave the room and do something eventful either.

Hearing a phone ring, she looked around, seeing her phone vibrating on the table. Thinking over whether she should answer or not, Kristina made up her mind and flicked the phone open.

"Hello?"

"Hi, it's me, Lissa. I just wanted to know if you're alright." Kristina stayed silent, remembering what happened only just a short while ago.

Lissa registered the lull in the conversation, and decided it was best to move on.

"W-well, I was wondering if you would like to go to the beach with me tomorrow... if you're up for it, that is."

Kristina thought about it. After the message she saw, Kristina wondered if she should accept, but her train of thought was interrupted by a knock on her door. Her mom opened the door announcing that, "Dinner is ready."

"I'll be down in a bit." Kristina answered back. She quickly answered Lissa's question before heading downstairs to eat.

###-

"I'm so glad you agreed!" Lissa shouted with glee.

Feeling a bit shy in her new body, Kristina had chosen a modest green one-piece tank style bathing suit. Lissa was wearing a blue bikini, and the skimpy top accentuated her breasts, Kristina noted enviously as she looked down at the front of her own bathing suit.

"What's wrong?" Lissa asked, and Kristina looked up with a blush.

"N-nothing!"

Lissa grinned and looked around the beach, her eyes locking on a couple underneath an umbrella.

"So the rumors were true!" Lissa said, pointing towards the couple.

Kristina followed Lissa's gaze and saw a man in a lab coat sitting next to a woman.

The man looked more at home working in the lab then laying on the beach, and not just because of the lab coat. From his slightly singed hair and the traces of ashes on his face, it looked like he had tried (and failed) to clean up after an explosion. With the streaks of black in his hair, it was hard to tell what hair color he had, but it seemed to be most likely blonde. Or, because of the ashes remaining in it, dirty blonde. Kristina chuckled at the thought, bringing a sideways glance from Lissa.

Temporarily distracted by how out-of-place the lab coat (and the man inside it) was, it took Kristina a while to notice who the woman was.

"Is that-"

"Yep, it's Ms. Seleen. You should recognize the person she's with; after all, you've been hanging out with him for the past few weeks."

Kristina was about to deny it, but she realized directly denying such a thing would only confuse Lissa. Besides, for all she knew, she actually had been doing just that.

After thinking for a second she responded with a vague reply.

"Well, I sometimes have problems spelling his name." Kristina nearly slapped herself in the face for the terrible way she had handled the problem.

Lissa looked at her with a confused expression.

"What are you saying?"

"Forget it..."

Lissa's interest was piqued, however.

"You know something, Kristina, you've been acting weird since the last time you met up with him." She leaned forward, conveying her concern quite obviously towards Kristina.

"Did he do some mad scientist kind of project on you?"

"I don't kn- I mean, no..." Kristina stammered awkwardly.

Lissa was not convinced, and started inspecting Kristina closely.

"H-hey! what are you doing?!" Kristina protested as she was being looked over with a fine-tooth comb. Lissa reluctantly stopped, and then suddenly burst out into laughter.

"Haha, I can't keep the joke going any longer! I don't believe he'd do something like that to you." Lissa said. "But, then again..." Lissa continued, a big grin on her face.

"This girl is strange..." Is all Kristina could think of in response.

"Anyways, we may as well leave Ms. Seleen and Mr. Teiresia alone. After all, I've been dying to go to the beach ever since exams!"

Kristina, having a hunch, said what was on her mind.

"Didn't you go to the beach during exams?"

Lissa was surprised for a second, yet quickly recovered. "W-well, I said before exams, so the times I went to the beach on exam days didn't count!"

"Whatever you say, Lissa."

Lissa smiled. "Yeah, whatever I say, so come on, let's talk to them!"

Kristina paused, hearing the contradiction clearly.

"But didn't you just say we should leave them alone?"

Lissa shrugged, saying "Yeah, but we didn't even talk to them yet. We need to talk to them first before we can leave them alone, right?"

Blinking, Kristina took a second before speaking up.

"I don't think that's how it works..."

"Sure it is! After all, if we don't talk to them now, they may leave us before we can leave them alone."

On that confusing note, they approached the couple.

*006*2014-12-31 19:39

I bet nobody was expecting me to release a new chapter the week after Christmas!

...or maybe you did, but that's besides the point. As per usual, thanks for editing this story, frostyjr2.

###---

I thought that chapter 4 was running a little long, so if it seems as though it was cut in the middle of something, this is the reason. So, this is technically chapter 4.5

###---

Noticing the presence of the two girls, Ms. Seleen and Mr. Teiresia stopped their conversation.

"Hey Ms. Seleen!" Lissa said, and Seleen smiled in return.

"How are you girls? I bet your summer has been going well."

Kristina gave a halfhearted smile, thinking about everything that had happened yesterday. Realizing what Kristina was thinking, Lissa decided there was no harm in thanking Ms. Seleen.

"Thanks for yesterday, Ms. Seleen."

"Yeah, th-thanks." Kristina softly said in turn.

"No worries, but let's forget about that, it's summer, after all,”

Ms. Seleen replied with a gentle smile.

Looking at the man, Kristina asked the obvious question.

"Why are you wearing a lab coat?"

The man smiled, and said, "Well, you're aware I'm a scientist, right?"

"Yeah, wait, are you saying it's in case you need to head to the lab in a hurry?"

Mr. Teiresia gave a small laugh.

"Oh, that's not true, because it would still have sand on it from the beach. I'm just used to wearing a lab coat everywhere, I guess."

"Well, I feel like we’re interrupting you two, so we'll be going." Lissa said.

They waved at each other saying their goodbyes before Lissa and Kristina walked away.

Being at the beach and all, they decided it was a good idea to go for a swim.

After an hour of that, they realized that the couple was waving them down. Approaching them, the two girls noticed a basket on the towel they were laying on.

"What's that?" Kristina asked.

Lissa looked at Kristina with a smile on her face.

"Don't tell me you now don't know what a basket looks like, do you?"

"I know that! I mean, what's inside the basket?"

Ms. Seleen was looking away from the girls as she said her next words. "Well, I decided to make lunch for Mr. Teiresia and I, but he insisted we share it with you two."

Mr. Teiresia, obviously picking out what Ms. Seleen thought about it, chimed in. "Dear, you did say you packed way too much, and we can always eat lunch alone later."

"W-well..."

"How about this, I'll make us something to eat later tonight. It's a full moon out tonight, remember?"

Ms. Seleen brightened up at that answer, and turned back to face the girls.

"Well, help yourselves!"

The culinary skills of Ms. Seleen were well known throughout the community, so this was quite the treat.

Gladly chowing down on the delicious food, the girls were soon filled up and ready to have some more fun. After a brief back and forth dispute on whether swimming immediately after eating gives cramps is a proven fact, or just an old wives’ tale, they agreed to see who could build a better sand castle instead. After Kristina claimed victory, Lissa decided to knock over part of it to declare herself the winner, after which her own sand castle was demolished by Kristina.

They continued on like this until later in the day, when they finally decided to leave.

Upon reaching her home, Kristina was met at the door by her mother. "Oh, Kristina, I was about to leave, but I guess I'll need you for what I'm going out to get."

"OK, but can I at least change out of my swimsuit first?"

Her mother nodded and smiled.

"Of course. Now hurry, I have things to do afterwards, so the less time this takes the better!"

Running upstairs, Kristina quickly changed into a short, green dress with orange flowers scattered all over it.

As she pulled out a pair of orange, open toed shoes, Kristina realized something for the first time. First off, she had known where to find the shoes that went with her dress. Second, and most intriguing, despite her previous gender, Kristina seemed to have instantly made a habit of wearing a bra, despite not even thinking about such a thing, doing it purely on instinct. She had never even thought about it this way, but maybe the habits of the real Kristina were somehow being transferred over, a little at a time.

"Kristina!"

"Coming!"

Grabbing a book and her phone, Kristina quickly headed back downstairs, hurrying into the car with her mother.

On the way to the store, Kristina looked at the book. It was decently long, and the medieval/fantasy really piqued her interests. It was about the time when she was halfway done with the first chapter when she realized she hadn't gone to the bathroom in awhile, but that wasn't too worrisome because by then they were already pulling in to the store's parking lot.

"We're here, Kristina. Make sure to lock your door."

"I know, mom." Kristina replied, locking the door as instructed. Trying the handle, she realized that, by locking the door, she had thus trapped herself.

"Oh, Kristina, I meant lock it when you left the car." Kristina blushed, realizing how childish she looked. When her mother unlocked the door, Kristina got out and locked the door. She noticed a little white circle on the part of the door that latched to the car frame.

"​That must be the child-lock, that's probably what kept me inside."

"Hey, how new is this car?" Kristina inquired.

"Oh, I don't remember how new it is exactly, but pretty new. I had to get this car because our normal one is in for repairs, I'm supposed to drop it off later today." Kristina made a mental note to take everything she owned out of the car before the cars swapped back, and the mother and daughter walked into the store. Looking around the store, she realized it was a supermarket of sorts, having many different things all over, from clothes to technology.

Kristina didn't know what they were going to buy, so she just followed her mother as she lead here through the aisles before she found what she was looking for.

Lost in a daydream and not really paying much attention to anything in particular, Kristina was caught off guard when her mother handed her a bag of goodnights to carry. Blushing bright red, Kristina instantly dropped the bag of diapers on the floor, covering her scarlet face.

"W-w-what did you just hand me?!"

"Quite, you want to make a scene?" Her mother said back.

Realizing attracting attention would only be worse for her, Kristina whispered back, "Why did you just hand me diapers?"

"Well, technically they're not diapers, they're protective nighttime underwear, and they are for you."

Kristina wished she could ask the question "Why are they for me?", but she could already guess. "I thought you told me yesterday what you planned wasn't happening anytime soon!"

"We were talking about your daytime accidents, not your nighttime ones. I'm getting tired of cleaning your bed sheets after you wet the bed at night, and I very much doubt you like waking up to wet pajamas either." Kristina's mother said somewhat sternly, then added, "Plus, if we finally have to resort to anything else, they'll help you for any accidents you have in the day."

Kristina looked away, hoping not to see anyone she knew, or anyone at all, for that matter.

"W-well, I guess I'll wear them at night, but not the day!"

"Kristina, I understand you don't want to wear them in the day, and you don't have to now, but they are less of a give-away than wet clothes."

Kristina didn't budge on her stance of the topic at hand, so her mother sighed, stating "OK, I'll just keep a spare one handy in case you need it during the day, but you're going to be wearing one at night, and that's final."

"Umm... OK, fine. I’ll wear them at night, but not during the day. Thanks, Mom."

Kristina breathed a huge sigh of relief at the terms they had agreed upon.

Happy her daughter agreed with her on the necessity of protection at nighttime at least, Kristina's mother carried two packages over to the checkout counter, followed by a very apprehensive daughter.

The cashier obviously was having a bad day, so he didn't give the diapers a second glance. When they arrived back at the car, Kristina noticed her mother putting a spare goodnight in the glove compartment before placing the rest of the diapers in the trunk. "Why are you putting one in there?"

"It's in case you need one on a road trip or something. While we aren't gonna be using this car very long, I might as well get in the habit."

Kristina sighed, and sat back in the passenger seat. They drove for a minute before arriving at another store.

Turning off the car, Kristina's mother turned to her daughter and said "You don't have to come in, but I might be awhile. You wanna come inside?"

"Nah, I'd rather read this book."

Checking the title, Kristina's mother smiled.

"You need to read more than just that book, Kristina. I know it's your favorite, but still."

Lowering the windows so it stayed cool, and locking her door, her mother instructed Kristina to do the same to her own, just to be safe. A quick "Seeya!" was exchanged between the two, and then silence filled the car, the perfect background for reading a book.

The book started off rather simply, mostly just trying to get the readers familiar with the characters. There was the occasional humorous conversation, but the undertone of the story made it obvious something big was going to happen later. By chapter six, the main introductions were over with, and most of the preliminary character building as well, and Kristina was starting to pay closer attention to it. She was happy that she could read rather quickly, but then again, that would mean the story would end that much sooner. Forgetting about the speed she was reading it at, she continued to go through page after page, enthralled by the novel. Before she knew it, the first true battle was at hand, and she slowed down to soak in every detail of the intricate fight scene. That's the first true time her thoughts swayed heavily from the book.

Noticing that her bladder was now giving much more urgent messages than before, she placed a hand down there to try and keep it suppressed. Bouncing up and down, she had to keep reading.

The start of the battle had mainly been taunting, trying to get the other to go first, to make the first move that would grab the other's attention. The villain, wielding a mace and a shield, banged the shield noisily, making the heroine flinch.

Kristina noticed her bladder give a much larger signal than normal, causing her hand to press more tightly against her.

The two circled around the small area they occupied, eyes locked. The villain was the first to attack, and the heroine shot a fireball at him. Sadly, the fireball was cast too quickly, not being wholly conjured, and it barely even made the villain falter.

Her hand's constant pressure was seeming less satisfying than it had at first, but Kristina couldn't use both hands, because that would mean putting the book down.

Doing an overhead swing, the villain's mace came down beside the heroine. For the first time, the heroine realized that the mace was blunt for the majority of it, but also sharp all along the edges. Trying to back up to gain some distance, the heroine was in danger, not noticing the villain spinning around to try to hit her on her side.

Kristina decided it was time to put the book down and leave to find a restroom, but when she tried to open her door, it wouldn't budge.

Climbing to the other side, she tried the driver's side door. This, too, was locked.

She looked for the locking mechanism, but it was impossible for her to get a firm enough grip on it to disengage it manually. She found the button that would unlock the door and pressed it but that didn't seem to work either. Trying the window buttons so she could at the very least climb out the window, those didn't help either, as both buttons only worked while the car was on, with the former only working if the child lock was off. Which it wasn't.

Trying to figure out more ideas yet coming up short, she went back to reading some more of the book.

Trying desperately to call for help, she realized her partners had separated before this battle, and were now unable to help.

‘Call for help’, that phrase triggered something in her mind now.

Remembering that she still had her phone with her, Kristina tried calling her mom, but didn't even reach voice mail. In fact, she couldn't even turn on her phone. It was dead, not having been charged since the day before yesterday at the latest. Since she was out of options as far as she could tell, she went back to reading, growing more and more desperate as the minutes went by.

The mace came across, tearing through the mage robes the heroine was wearing. It did more than tear the clothes, and a little blood dripped down as well.

Kristina stopped reading, noticing a spurt. It was nothing serious, but her panties were now a bit wet.

It was a small cut, but it would be bigger if the heroine didn't act soon. Unable to get a sizable amount of distance from the villain, the heroine made a last ditch spell-cast.

Kristina could tell she wouldn't last much longer, thinking back to yesterday. She put the book down on the seat beside her and quickly rummaged through the glove compartment. Trembling, she used both hands to pull down her panties, another spurt leaking, only stopping due to Kristina's hand being placed underneath her dress to stop the flow. When she thought it was safe to remove her hand, Kristina shakily pulled on the goodnight, trying to get it into place as soon as possible. Feeling it fit around her waist, if not a little bit tightly, she knew she was safe.

Charging up her strongest spell, the heroine unleashed all she had on the villain, frying him in seconds. The spell had taken all of her power to cast, but the seared villain was no longer a threat. With all the excitement from her first true battle, the heroine felt absolutely drained. Collapsing from exhaustion, the heroine slept, knowing full well her partners would find her shortly to take her to safety.

With no more need to hold back, Kristina emptied herself into the diaper, making it quickly swell up full of pee. Finishing the chapter, she placed the book down, then suddenly realized something. Her diaper stopped swelling, yet her pee had only just begun to slow down. Trying the best she could to hold back, she could do nothing, the pressure of releasing being too great for her tired bladder to stop. The diaper soon began to leak, and the seat started soaking up her pee. Yet even the cushioned seat was unable to help for long, as her pee began to pool, slowly rising, then trickling down the front of it, hitting the floor to create a new puddle. By the time her pee finely stopped coming out, it was almost as if she hadn't even been wearing a diaper at all. Remembering yesterday once again, she broke down, crying on the spot, utterly mortified.

"What happened?" Her mother asked. Kristina had been too crestfallen to hear the doors unlock.

She couldn't meet her mother's gaze as she took in the state Kristina was in.

"Kristina, I told you to wear the goodnight."

"B-but, I-I d-did..." Kristina stammered, confusing her mother.

"Then what happened?"

"I-It c-couldn't hold it all..." Kristina sobbed.

There was silence for a few seconds, then her mother made a suggestion. "I'll drive you home and clean the car. I still need to get more stuff, but you may as well get a shower and go to bed."

Not disagreeing at all, Kristina just nodded, submitting to everything her mother asked.

They drove home in silence, and every time her mother hit the brakes, a small amount of pee would fall forward from the seat, splashing onto the floor and adding to her embarrassment. This was one car that Kristina truly wished would have absorbed liquids easily, but the seat had barely soaked up anything at all.

When the car parked at the house, Kristina picked up her phone, book, and her now soaked panties, the latter having laid on the floor during Kristina's flash flood.

Walking inside, Kristina went through the routine of getting clothes, showering, then heading to bed, but was stopped at the door by her mother.

"Now, we do know that these can't hold daytime accidents, but they should still hold a nighttime one, so I suggest you wear one."

Not feeling even the slightest urge to protest, Kristina obliged, replacing her new panties with it. She remembered to charge her phone, hoping something like this would never happen again. Getting in her bed, she looked at the ceiling, wondering what she could have done differently to prevent her accident. A melancholy aura seemed to fill the room.

"I hope I don't have to use these horrid things my mom bought me forever." Kristina rolled over as something occurred to her suddenly now

"Jeez, now I'm already calling her my mother in my thoughts, and barely worrying about possibly being in this body forever on top of that!... I just wish there was something else to distract me, or someone else... After all, summer break is over a hundred days long, waiting it out isn't much of an option if I feel like each day is out to get me."

Yawning and blinking a few times, Kristina noticed just how drowsy she was. "I mean, Lissa is great at occupying my time, but she's not going to available a hundred percent of the time. I only wish I could..."

Kristina couldn't seem to think of the words. Was she really that tired, or could this be something else?

Rubbing her eyes, Kristina wrote it off as lack of sleep. Soon, her eyes closed shut, and she was once again in the dream world.

*007*2015-02-05 01:30

I realized this story isn't as popular as my other one, so I'll be updating this one less frequently. I will finish it, don't worry about that, but it's rather hard to write for, and with not as much of a following for it, I see no point in making them super frequent.

###

Chapter 5: Introduction

"Wake up!"

"Huh?"

"Not 'huh', I said wake up! That can be answered with a yes or no, Kristina, but not a 'huh'."

Kristina's eyes opened slowly, adjusting to the light. She saw her friend, Lissa, standing over her.

"Come on, wake up, you've been sleeping forever!" Lissa said impatiently. Kristina rose from her bed, rubbing her eyes with her fists.

"What is it, Lissa?"

"So you don't remember? No wonder you didn't wake up earlier... We're going to the beach today!"

Looking around her room, Kristina saw that the drapes were drawn, letting light in, and Lissa was beside- no, on top of her bed. Lissa, despite the fact that Kristina had slept in, was smiling from ear to ear.

"She's like a little kid." Kristina thought, which made her frown upon comparing the two of their chests. "But then again..."

"May I ask why you're looking at both of our chests?"

"EH?!" Kristina responded, blushing heavily.

Lissa giggled, whispering one word. "Jealous?"

Kristina looked away, mumbling "N-no..."

Lissa giggled once again, then, said, "Hurry up, as you can see, I'm ready," , getting off of Kristina's bed and proudly showing off her skimpy blue two-piece swimsuit as she said that last bit.

"Didn't you wear that yesterday?" Kristina mumbled in a groggy voice, but Lissa shot her a confused look.

"What do you mean? We had exams yesterday."

Realizing that the conversation was eating up time that they could be spending at the beach, (no less), Lissa grabbed Kristina's arm and started pulling her out of bed.

"Come on, let's move! I already told you we aren't waiting for Alexas!"

There it was again, the feeling that the name uttered was, in fact, not truly the mentioned person's name. This one also rang a few bells, yet the pitch escaped her. What truly seemed odd, however, was the fact that the name seemed so much more believable.

"Which Alexas are we talking about?" Kristina probed for answers.

"Alexas Alexandrie, of course! Who else has such a weird name that you know of?"

"I can think of quite a few, actually," she thought to herself. "Sorry, I was a little bit confused for a minute there." Kristina said apologetically, and Lissa grinned.

"You’d better be sorry, you're wasting time! Move, woman!" And at that, Lissa left the room, saying "I'll be waiting out front, so hurry and get your swimsuit on!"

In no time, they were back at the beach, although Lissa claimed that they didn't go there yesterday, in fact.

"Are you having déjà vu? I definitely think you are."

Kristina couldn't really say for certain, but her recollection of yesterday, or, according to Lissa, today, made her want to stay at the beach a little bit longer than last time. However, an anomaly was already present when they reached the beach. Looking in the direction the couple used to be lying, they were not there. In fact, the beach was deserted.

"We have the whole place to ourselves, that's odd." Kristina said.

Lissa shook her head. "It's not 'odd', it's awesome! It's like we own this or something!... Wait, did you see any signs that said this is private property?"

"No."

Lissa sighed. "That's a relief, for a second I thought we were gonna be arrested for trespassing. Well, let's make the most of it while we're here, shall we?"

After doing pretty much the same thing as yesterday, although a much shorter version of it, Kristina had a thought cross her mind.

"Hey, why didn't I see Alexas at exams yesterday?"

Lissa giggled. "You're very forgetful today, Kristina. Alexas had finished her exams the day before, so she didn't have to come to school on the very last day. You know how our high school works."

"I do, it's just... I thought she would want to talk to us while we waited." Kristina claimed, thinking something up on the spot.

Lissa noticed the delay, but had an answer anyway. "Well, she's even more of a pain to wake up than you, and that's saying something!"

Ignoring the playful jab, Kristina noticed the bag over Lissa's shoulder for the first time. "When did you get the bag?"

"I had it the whole time, remember?"

Kristina, in fact, didn't remember, but there was no point arguing.

Lissa pulled out a water bottle, telling Kristina "Here, I bet you're thirsty."

Kristina gratefully accepted it, drinking it with gusto. After all, she hadn't had much to drink today.

After one bottle of water came another, and after a decent amount of time going by, she had noticed the increase in pressure in her bladder.

"Hey, um, could we start heading back now?" Kristina asked. Lissa was in shock.

"What?! Why, we practically just got here!"

Kristina blushed. "I... gotta pee..."

Lissa smiled. "You don't have to go back to the house, there's water over that way!" Lissa said, gesturing towards the ocean with a broad sweep of her arm.

Kristina blushed deeper, but she knew she wouldn't make it home without an accident if she didn’t relieve herself first. "O-okay." Kristina responded, heading towards the water. Getting in, she prepared herself to release her pent-up pee.

But she didn't cherish the feeling.

Waking up, she realized she had been sleeping the entire time. Getting up, she instantly stopped, feeling the pressure suddenly rise, placing a hand to her crotch in order to prevent her from drenching her bed. Then she felt resistance.

"Oh, I put on the g-g..." Kristina couldn't bear saying the word, and settled on trying to get to the proper place to empty her bladder since she had managed not to empty it while she had been dreaming.

Carefully getting up, Kristina walked towards the door, walking gingerly, trying not to leak a drop.

Finally reaching the bathroom, she quickly closed the door

Behind her, flinching when it slammed shut. She gasped as her bladder started to give out. "No no no, not yet!" She whispered, running to the toilet. Pulling down her pajama pants, her fingers fumbled with the goodnight before quickly taking it off and sitting on the toilet. Sighing at her close call, Kristina sat for a few moments thinking. "I'm glad I made to the toilet for the first time in this body, but being that close to wetting myself should never have happened." Kristina shook her head."Still, I guess this is better than all the accidents I've been having."

Kristina finished up before putting everything back on and heading back to bed.

Finally reaching the third day of this new life, she got up, yawning, and, as per routine, checked her calculator. It had a new message, reading "I hope you're well, you seemed to be having a lot of fun yesterday!"

Kristina blinked, then responded "What do you mean? Are you saying you saw me at the beach?"

"Why, of course. I thought I made myself a little obvious. Why would someone wear a lab coat on the beach other than to get attention?"

Kristina quickly grew angry, realizing that. "Why were you at the beach? Aren't you supposed to find a way to change me back?"

"Well, I need a break from time to time as well, plus I needed a way to get you to believe that I'm to be trusted." Kristina thought back to something Lissa said yesterday, about the fact that they had spent time together before... whatever happened.

"Lissa said we hung out the last few weeks, so we probably have each other's numbers. For the sake of my fingers, I'd appreciate that we communicate via phone instead of my calculator. It would look less suspicious as well."

Her phone vibrated, and looking at it, she began to read the new text message, which was also in a lime green color.

"So be it; your reasoning makes sense. Unless you have any more questions, there's nothing else I can think of that needs to be said."

"Nope, but I'll ask you if I come up with any."

Kristina placed her phone on the desk and proceeded to get dressed. Putting on a short, navy blue dress, she brushed her hair before heading downstairs, phone in her pocket. After eating breakfast, her mother made an announcement.

"Because of yesterday, I decided to get you something that you'll be needing."

Before the addled Kristina could respond, her mother brought out a bag that instantly made Kristina turn red. She opened her mouth, but what she saw was too shocking for her to respond. The bag was embarrassing, yes, but they were not more goodnights. If they had been, there would have been no reason for her mother to announce such a thing. Sadly for Kristina, it was something much, much more embarrassing.

"D-d-diapers?!" Kristina managed to force the words out of her mouth.

"Yes, sweetie. You and I both know you've been having accidents a lot in the daytime lately, and it's obvious the goodnights can't hold an entire wetting, so we might as well take the next step up."

"B-but not so rapidly! Can't I get another chance, please?!" Her mother was about to disagree, but seeing her daughter's anxious face, she gave in.

"Fine, but you still have to wear the goodnights to sleep, I'd rather not go back to cleaning more sheets."

Kristina, relishing her small victory, quickly left the room before her mother changed her mind.

Trying to find something to do, she picked up the book from yesterday. For all that happened yesterday while she had been reading this book, it wasn't the book’s fault. It was a good book after all, and Kristina could tell why it was her favorite. Picking it up, she began where she left off, with the heroine being found by her friends. Kristina read the the pages thoroughly, taking in the moment of surprise the heroine felt when she found out that a greater evil had yet to be destroyed, and that that, too, must be vanquished by her magic.

Kristina was so wrapped up by the book that she barely managed to notice her phone ringing in time to answer it.

"Hello?" Kristina asked, hurriedly putting the phone to her ear.

"Hi, Kristina!" Lissa responded on the other end. "Guess what happened?"

"What?"

"Ah, you're no fun, I said guess!... Fine, I'll get to the point. Alexas said we could hang out at her house and spend the night there tonight!"

Kristina didn't respond, looking around the room. Everything looked the same as always, so no way to tell whether this was or wasn't a dream. But somehow she was positive it wasn't.

"Is something the matter, Kristina?"

"O-oh, sorry, I-I have to ask my mom real quick if she's okay with me going over there tonight. What time is it?"

Kristina picked up a pencil and wrote down the time, asked if there was anything in particular she needed to bring, and she wrote those down as well. Heading downstairs, Kristina saw her mom and got her attention.

"Lissa just told me we can have a sleepover at Alexas's house!" Kristina said cheerfully. Her mother smiled back.

"That's good, but you'll have to wear your goodnight." Kristina was abashed, but she nodded in agreement. After the last few nights, it seemed like she needed it just in case.

Her mother wasn't finished, however. "Oh, did you end up wetting your goodnight?"

Kristina couldn't help grinning, despite how childish the matter was. "No, I didn't end up wetting it."

"So you didn't use it at all?"

Kristina's smile wavered for a second. "Sorta."

"'Sorta'? How do you 'sorta'-"

"I mean no!" Kristina said a little louder than she meant. Her mother raised an eyebrow, sending a chill down her back.

"W-well..." Kristina continued, her eyes downcast. "I leaked a little... but that's all! I didn't have an accident!"

When Kristina looked up, her mother gave her a warm smile. "Well, it's definitely an improvement from the night before, and that's all that matters, right, honey?"

Kristina nodded, her earlier energy restored. "Yes, it is all that matters!"

Walking to her room, Kristina pulled out her phone. No new messages, but the reference to last night reminded her of her very realistic dreams, especially the name that she heard in both the dream and real world.

"Are there any symptoms of the process that swapped our bodies?" She text Mr. Teiresia.

"Well, the process I put Kristina through hadn't been done before, but I'm pretty sure I don't see you as worse than before. Why do you ask?

"Well, I'm pretty sure my dreams have true things in them that Kristina once knew of, such as names."

"That makes sense, as you're inside Kristina's body, and thus, are using her brain."

"That's not all, one of my dreams you sent me a message and I sent one back, yet when I woke up, I had in fact typed the message for real."

"Maybe you woke up, typed the reply, then fell asleep waiting for me."

It sounded like she was being fed lies, but there was no way of knowing. Kristina was about to ask more questions anyways, but she had to cut the conversation short as her phone started to ring. Hitting the talk button, Kristina put the phone to her ear.

"Hello?"

"What are you doing? When we had the conversation a few days ago, you agreed to come over to my house so my mother could drive us over!" Kristina was about to say she didn't remember, but that would only make Lissa more angry.

"Well, I thought we had to wait a little longer before going over."

"We don't, so hurry up!" thinking that she might as well not make Lissa wait, Kristina found her backpack, dumped its contents on the floor, quickly put her book, some pajamas, and a goodnight in her backpack, she looked around, and found a videogame handheld, the kind that Lissa had before the final exam. Looking it over, she tried to find a name, and after some scrutiny, found it.

"The K86? I wonder who in marketing came up with that stupid name." Lame name or not, she might as well bring it. Stuffing it and the assorted charger and games nearby into her bag, she grabbed some dark blue shoes she found and quickly ran out her door, saying a quick goodbye to her mother.

She ended up finding the right house on her first try, less on memory and more of what she thought was habit. Reaching for the doorbell, the front door swung open, and the small Lissa grabbed Kristina's hand, pulling her towards the driveway.

"Hurry up! My mom is already in the car waiting to drive us!" Lissa said, dragging Kristina along.

"Then why didn't you wait by the car and call me over?"

"Because I knew you would come to the front door if I didn't call you towards the car."

The irrational logic of that statement left Kristina speechless on the way to Lissa's mother's car.

Kristina decided to be the first to say anything during the car ride. "So how long have you been friends with Alexas?"

Lissa smiled. "Well, I've been friends with her for a few years, but you stopped being friends with her a month ago." Kristina was confused, why would Lissa convince her to come, then?

Lissa continued after the few seconds of silence.

"So, when's the 'more than friendship' gonna be official?" Kristina couldn't help but blush at what Lissa was insinuating.

"T-that's not gonna be soon! I-I-I mean... why haven't you spoken up yet?" Kristina said, addressing Lissa's mother with the last part.

Lissa's mother shook her head, saying "I didn't know I had to say anything; you’ve been a little obvious about it, actually."

"Eh? Ehhh?!" Lissa and her mother both giggled at Kristina's confusion and embarrassment before Lissa's mother spoke up once more.

"Well, it's not that obvious, but- hey, we're here!" she said, quickly changing the subject , but Kristina already had an idea forming in her head.

Leaving the car, Kristina followed Lissa, who seemed to be taking the lead. She rang the doorbell, and, after waving at their chauffeur of the day, saw Alexas for the first time. Alexas was tall, and Kristina was saddened by the size of her bust; despite being smaller than Lissa's, it was still bigger than hers. She had pink hair, and it split off into a ponytail in the back with a big white bow, reaching slightly past her shoulders. Kristina could only think of how beautiful Alexas looked, which brought a blush to her face.

Deciding to be the first to speak up, Kristina said "Hello, Alexas!"

Alexas smiled, and gave a big hug to Kristina. "I told you before, there's no need to be so formal! Call me Alex!"

This time, the bells that had rung before seemed to now ring true, and the pitch resonated in Kristina's head for a few seconds before she could finally even think.

"T-that means... Alexas and I... are in love?!"

Alex had let go of Kristina, and Kristina staggered back, taking everything in at once.

Suddenly, Kristina felt both lightheaded and dizzy. Alexas' face went out of focus as Kristina's vision seemed to grow dim around the edges, and from what she could see in front of her, Alexas was talking, but Kristina couldn't discern the words.

As she felt herself tumble to the ground, her body went completely numb before everything faded from view.

*008*2015-02-07 05:34

(I forgot to say frostyjr2 editted this, but I'll just say she's editting my chapters for this story unless she tells me otherwise (thanks!))

Anyways, it's been five chapters, so I'd like to ask those reading this, is there any questions any of you have, any criticism? I'd like to improve this story, so any feedback helps!

Also, if any of you have any suggestions, while it's not guaranteed, they might get added...

*010*2015-02-12 22:32

I'm glad you like it, despite how strange it is. I hope you continue enjoying the next chapters!

*012*2015-02-17 06:07

Thanks Dessy, I'll keep writing more!

*013*2015-05-29 01:13

I nuked this chapter multiple times, dug through the rubble, and pieced together a monstrosity before nuking it. Well, I realized what I could do to finally finish this chapter, and thanks to frostyjr2, it now is enjoyable!... uh, here it is.

Chapter 6: Pink

"Hello? Earth to Kristina!" Lissa said, as she poked a bit hard at Kristina's forehead.

"Cut it out! You wouldn't want somebody poking you in the head like that!" said Alexas.

"I'm just trying to wake her up."

"Here, let me try."

Kristina could feel someone press up against her, and then Alexas whispered from close by, "Hey, wake up! I want to see your blue-green eyes and know you're okay."

Slowly, Kristina opened her eyes. She blinked at the bright light before opening them fully at last.

"See, I told you I could wake her up!"

"W-what happened?" Kristina asked. She tried to sit up, but was stopped by Alexas.

"Careful, you hit your head after you fainted back there." Alexas said.

"I hit the ground?"

"Actually, I caught you before you hit the ground. You hit a table since Lissa isn't the best at carrying... pretty much anything."

"H-Hey! You promised to keep that a secret!" Lissa cut in.

"She deserves to know!" Alexas shot back.

Kristina shook her head gently before getting up more slowly, noticing the ice bag falling to the ground.

"So, I fainted?"

"Yeah, it was very much like the first time I told you..." Alexas trailed off, looking deeply in Kristina's eyes.

Lissa snapped her fingers in front of Alexas to bring her back to reality.

"Hey, don't pass out like Kristina did earlier, there is only enough room on that couch for one person to be lying on, and like you said, I'm bad at carrying people."

Kristina took this time to look around the living room. It didn't seem too different from any other living room, it had a TV, a sofa, and paintings on the walls. All in all, the room was pretty basic.

Alexas blushed, realizing Kristina was scrutinizing the room. "Don't judge by my house's living room; you never saw my room before, want to see it?"

Kristina nodded. "Sure, it beats sitting here all day."

They walked upstairs to Alexas' room, which, as soon as the door opened, showed off what seemed to be a little girl's room from the amount of pink that was covering every surface. The ceiling, the walls, the furniture, even the carpeting was pink. What wasn't pink was a shade of pale red which was rather close to a shade of pink. There was a cherry wood desk, a pink queen size bed with pink sheets, pink alarm clock... and it was all neatly organized. Running in and turning around, smiling, Alexas asked "So, do you remember what my favorite color is, Kristina?"

Kristina giggled. "I'd assume pink."

Alexas smiled back. "Correct! Which is why I'm wondering..."

Suddenly, Alexas made an accusatory expression, and jabbed Kristina in the chest with her index finger. "Don't you remember what we agreed on?" She paused, looking for a response from Kristina, who gave nothing but an awkward smile, not knowing what was going on.

Alexas' mood suddenly softened again, and she looked at Lissa. "Oh, I'm sorry for getting on Kristina's case in front of you. You go and set up one of my games and we can try playing something."

Lissa nodded. "Sure thing."

When Lissa left the room, Alexas turned her gaze back toward Kristina. "So, you are wearing pink, then? I'm guessing I know where..."

Kristina blushed heavily, taking a step back. It was true, she was wearing pink, but she wouldn't dare tell where it was!

"I-I'm not telling!"

"Why not?"

"B-because... I think Lissa is wondering why we're taking so long!"

Alexas chuckled. "You have a point, fine, but later you have to either show proof or at least tell me so I'll believe you!" Alexas said in a sing-song voice, grabbing Kristina by the hand. "Let's go!"

Kristina couldn't help but be dragged downstairs. "Alexas' mood changes in a flash. I'd swear she's putting me on, but after all the weird things I've been through, I doubt it."

Kristina followed behind, and when they returned to the living room Lissa was holding a video game controller while lying on the couch in front of it. Looking around, something occurred to Kristina.

"Um, Alex? I was wondering, when are your parents getting home?"

"Oh, sometime late tomorrow, but we talked about that, remember?"

"So that's why I haven't seen them yet." Kristina thought. "Well, it's not like we're kids, but then again, with how flirty Alexas has been, I wonder if they know we... love each other." Even in Kristina's subconscious she had to pause and question if it was really true. But it was true, and the more Kristina looked at Alex's petite body, pink hair, white bow, and blue eyes, the more she was certain that she loved her.

Realizing that both Alexas and Lissa were looking at her, Kristina blushed and quickly picked up a video game controller. "W-well, I don't see why we're not playing anything, so shall we begin?"

Lissa and Alexas both giggled before they nodded and picked up their own controllers.

###--

"Ugh, you win again, Alexas." Lissa grumbled.

She was sitting upside down, and her skirt had bunched up enough to expose her white panties, but Lissa wasn't concerned in the least about that. "Why can't we play a fighting game, I suck at racing games."

Alex stood up before replying. "Actually, I think it's about time we got something to eat. What does everyone want?"

"Do we have any pizza we could warm up?" Kristina asked.

Alexas looked to the corner of her eye before replying. "I think so, so if that's what you want, it's settled."

"But I'd rather have ice cream!" Lissa pouted, reverting to an upright sitting position.

"Well, I suggested pizza, so that's that. We can have ice cream later." Kristina said, with a note of finality in her voice.

"Fine..."

After Alexas placed the pizza in the oven, she sat next to Kristina, who had decided to help herself to a glass of water. Kristina didn't realize until a few minutes had passed that she was subtly bouncing in her seat from not using the restroom earlier today. Not really feeling like asking where the bathroom was, Kristina sipped from her water, waiting for the pizza to finish.

She could definitely sense Alexas' eyes on her, but she heard nothing from the pink haired girl.

Kristina spun around, catching an impish grin on Alexas' face before it grew serious. "W-what is it, Kristina?"

Kristina had already started to form a theory in her head, but right now she decided it was best to think about it later. "Nothing, I was just thinking."

"O-oh, really? What were you thinking about?" Kristina could see that Alexas was nervous, she probably suspected she was caught. Which was true, but Kristina didn't see any reason to point it out, or at least not yet.

"I was just thinking about where everyone will sleep." Before Kristina even finished her sentence, the mischievous grin returned.

"Lissa said she'd rather sleep on the couch, so we can sleep in my bed."

It was now Kristina's turn to stutter. "T-together? L-like, just the two of us?"

"Yeah, I don't see any harm by it. After all, we're both girls." Alexas said smoothly. She then leaned forward and whispered, "Are you trying to imply something...?" Alexas asked, Kristina's cheeks burning in turn.

"N-no! I'd never-"

"Never what?"

Kristina shut her mouth, realizing that she was speaking without thinking any of this through. Luckily for her, the oven's timer went off, and Alexas, albeit reluctantly, stood up to get the pizza. Kristina, in Alexas' absence, heaved a sigh of relief. "Jeez, that could have gone more smoothly. I'm not used to handling someone so forward..."

The three girls ate happily, and Kristina tried distancing herself from the offered soda. She was determined not to wet herself again at night, and she knew that the sugary beverage would most certainly make that difficult if not impossible.

Alexas and Lissa, on the other hand, drank the soda with gusto, and before long Lissa and Alexas had drunk three and five cans, respectively. This reminded Kristina how badly she had to pee, so she sat up, asking where the bathroom was before going there. Kristina took this time to take her night-time clothes and a goodnight from her backpack.

To Kristina's surprise, she hadn't brought any pajamas. Instead she lifted up a bright pink nightgown. Kristina blushed. "Oh no, nononono noooo... Did I really bring this?" Kristina was positive she had packed pajamas, she distinctly remembered it.

She rummaged through the bag from top to bottom twice, but those pajamas refused to turn up. "I-I guess I have no choice but to... wear this, then."

With a soft sigh, Kristina slipped into the nightgown and then folded her clothes neatly before placing them in her bag. She didn't hate her sleepwear; in fact, she much preferred it to pajamas. The problem was that the nightgown was short, just short enough to display her goodnight if she wasn't careful.

Kristina spun as she looked in the mirror, her goodnight wouldn't show.

It didn't when she was standing up, but she was certain sitting or lying down would clearly display it to all the world.

Kristina nervously left the bathroom and returned to the kitchen. Apparently, Lissa was playing on her handheld, while Alexas was gazing dreamily out the window (which worried Kristina greatly). Kristina decided she might as well try her best attempt to save her potential embarrassment and faked a yawn. It seemed rather intentional, but it did manage to get the attention of Lissa and Alexas.

"I'm really tired, I think I need to get some sleep right now."

Lissa was shocked. "But it's a sleepover. A s-l-e-e-p-o-v-e-r! That means we stay awake all night!"

Alexas responded more reasonably. "Well, I'm getting a little tired as well..."

Lissa shook her head, not accepting this. "I was promised ice cream, and I'm getting it one way or another!"

"You can get it in the morning." Alexas tried to convince Lissa, but Lissa's determined expression hadn't faltered. "How about this, You can have as much ice cream as you please if you sleep now?"

Lissa smiled, and faked a yawn herself, causing the two other girls to laugh. "I guess I am getting rather tired. G'night, then."

Kristina walked to Alexas' room, wasting no time in getting into the bed. She could feel her cheeks burning as she saw Alexas was now wearing a matching pink nightgown of her own. Alexas then got into bed herself, laying just little closer than Kristina thought necessary. Her pink hair was no longer tied back, and it sprawled randomly across the bed.

"So, what was pink that you wore today?" Alexas said, turning Kristina's face crimson.

"I-I thought we were done with that!"

"Nope! Answer the question, or I'll find out myself~" While Kristina somewhat enjoyed the pink-haired girl's playful mood, Kristina really didn't want Alexas checking for herself. From how things went earlier, Kristina was sure her goodnight would be revealed, and that was even worse than anything she could imagine.

Facing away from Alexas, the heat in Kristina's cheeks intensified, and Kristina swallowed before answering, her eyes shut in embarrassment. "M-my p-p-p-panties..." Kristina whispered, shifting around nervously.

Kristina practically melted as she felt Alexas hug her from behind, Alexas' breasts pressing into Kristina's back. "If you were so scared to admit it, next time you should wear outer clothes that are pink..."

"N-no, I feel mortified admitting it to you, yet... I kinda... like it..." Kristina meant every word she said. Turning to face Alexas, she found herself embraced warmly, and Kristina couldn't help returning the hug.

They remained that way for some time before Kristina tried pulling away from Alexas' arms. Feeling resistance, Kristina couldn't bring herself to separate. A few minutes had passed before she could hear Alexas snoring very softly. Kristina smiled. "She must have really been tired." Kristina thought before she, too, drifted off to sleep, snuggling with Alexas.

###-

Kristina's eyes snapped open. She hadn't had any dreams, yet she was awoken by a wet feeling. Kristina prayed, she pleaded, she begged that it wasn't true, but feeling between her legs, she could feel...

Nothing. It was dry between her legs, and the goodnight seemed to have not swelled. Was it defective? had some other element gotten in the way? Was she just delusional? Kristina shifted in place, yet she could still feel the wet feeling. It was certainly warm and it was...

Expanding? Kristina was sure she wasn't peeing, yet it was obvious the wet feeling was expanding. Kristina realized she might be peeing herself without even knowing it, and she started to panic. She jumped up out of bed, and a small amount of pee trailed from her wet legs to the ground. It sure seemed like she had wet the bed; the proof was on her legs. She couldn't feel the trickle, and the goodnight wasn't expanding either, but her legs were damp with pee, so it had to be her. Kristina's face burned in shame as she realized what she'd have to do. She'd have to wake up Alexas and clean the sheets.

Kristina covered her face as her cheeks blazed. "And just as I had fallen for her, too! She's going to hate me for being a bed wetter..." Tears ran down Kristina's face as she turned on the lights and shook Alexas. Alexas mumbled a few times before her eyes slowly opened.

"Hello, Kristy~" Alexas said in her half-asleep state. Kristina sniffed as she could sense Alexas' mood would change soon enough.

"U-ummm, Alexas... I have something to tell you..." Alexas could sense that her friend was upset by the tone of Kristina's voice, and she quickly woke completely.

"What's wrong?"

"I-I..." Kristina gulped, and tears ran down her face. "I've been wetting the bed for some time now, and I... I think I just wet it again just now with you beside me... Like, I'm w-wearing a g-g-goodnight, but it d-didn't hold..."

Alexas smiled. "Is that all? We all have accidents sometimes; we can just clean this up."

Kristina sniffed. "You sure? You won't tell Lissa?"

Alexas nodded. "I'm sure, and I won't tell anyone."

Kristina could feel the tears soon trail down her cheeks once more, yet this time it was from joy. "Oh, thank you!... I'll just be taking the sheets off, then."

Alexas sat up in bed in response, and her eyes widened. With the lights on in the room, Alexas' face could clearly be seen changing to the color of her desk as she blushed deeply. When Kristina lightly tugged on the sheets, Alexas desperately tried to hold them in place.

"I-I think we should just move away from the wet spot, I don't know how to wash wet sheets." Alexas said quickly. Kristina tilted her head to the side in confusion.

"I know how to wash sheets, so it's fine." Kristina tugged once more, yet Alexas held on with a death grip.

"W-well my parents can clean it instead!"

Kristina blushed. Thoughts of the diapers displayed by her mother earlier flashed in her mind. "B-but then they'll tell my parents! If my mom finds out, I'll be forced to w-... just please let me clean them!"

Alexas had tears trailing down her face now, and her next words were shaky. "I-I'll tell them we spilled something! I'll tell them you didn't wet the bed! I'll tell them anything, j-just please leave the sheets alone and turn off the lights!"

Kristina shook her head. "It won't work! Please, I already have to wear goodnights, you don't know what will happen if I'm caught wetting the bed again!"

Alexas was shaking in fear, and her grip was weakening on the sheets. Kristina took the opportunity to yank the top sheets free. Alexas let out a short, high-pitched cry as the sheets were tugged away. Kristina gasped as a realization dawned on her.

Alexas now was crying nonstop, her soiled nightdress shown quite clearly. The nightdress was clearly soaked through, and a huge dark patch surrounded her bottom. Kristina suddenly realized the truth: the puddle that had spread to Kristina's legs had come from Alexas.

Kristina remained silent as Alexas hiccuped her next words.

"I-I don-on't wet the be-e-ed norm-ally... I j-just had t-too mu-much so-soda..." Alexas was constantly wiping away her tears, but they were forming again just as fast as she cleared them from her pretty eyes. "I-I know you d-don't want to d-date someone ug-ly and st-stupid like m-m-me, this just p-proves you shouldn't..." Alexas sobbed.

Kristina sat next to Alexas, helping her rub away the tears. "Hey now, why would you say a dumb thing like that? Wasn't I just confessing that I wet the bed myself?"

Alexas sniffed. "Y-yeah, but..." Alexas looked away shaking her head. "S... sorry... It's hard for me to wrap my head around this, I haven't wet the bed since I was fifte-... I mean since I was little, you know?"

Kristina wrapped an arm around her. Kristina's thought from earlier now came to mind. "There's something else, isn't there??"

Alexas was quite for a moment, before saying a meek. "Do... do you think of me as a... pervert? I mean, you obviously saw me... looking you over earlier, and I thought maybe I was..."

Kristina somehow knew it would come to this. "Well, if you're worried you are, and you don't want to be, then I don't think you are."

Alexas shifted. "W-well... I just thought you felt uncomfortable after I looked you up and down."

Kristina couldn't help chuckling. "I don't see why I should be, your figure is way better than mine."

Alexas smiled and shoved Kristina playfully. "No it's not, you're lying!'

"It is too, I mean, I practically don't even have breasts."

Kristina could see that Alexas had now calmed down.

"Well, I guess we'd better clean up this mess before Lissa wakes up. Then again, she already knows about me," she said softly.

Alexas seemed reluctant, but Kristina's next words made Alexas bolt from the wet bed instantly.

"If you help me, I'll show you my pink panties while I'm wearing them." Alexas held Kristina's hand tightly as they stripped the wet sheets off of the bed and walked out of the room, and while that made it more difficult for them to carry the sheets to the laundry room, Kristina couldn't will herself to let go.

In the short time she had been with Alexas, a strong bond of attachment had already formed between the two of them, and Kristina was starting to think that having her body swapped may not have been the worst thing to happen.

*015*2015-05-29 20:07

{{

Cute work.

}}

<3

*016*2015-07-09 02:04

Thanks, frostyjr2, for editing this, and I hope you feel better by the time this sends!

###

Chapter 7: Mouthful of Ice-Cream / Seconds = Ice-Cream Consumption Rate

"Come on, am I always the one that has to wake you up?" Alexas asked Kristina, who slowly opened her eyes to the pink haired girl. Alexas had already gotten out of bed, gotten dressed into a pink miniskirt, pink t-shirt, and a white jacket, and her hair was already in its signature ponytail with a large white bow tying it in place. Kristina sat up in bed, giving a loud yawn and rubbing away the resulting tears that came from her eyes.

"What, can't a girl get some beauty sleep around here, Alex? It's only..." Kristina looked to Alexas' alarm clock, and the red LEDs glowed 11:45 am at her. "It's only fifteen minutes 'till noon."

"Yeah, that's the problem." Alexas said, grabbing the sheets. "Now get up!" Alexas then yanked at the sheets, causing Kristina to grab her arms and lightly shiver.

"H-hey, It's cold in here, stop being mean!"

Alexas tisked as she kept the blanket out of reach. "It's your own fault for not coming out sooner."

Kristina gave out a short "Hmph!" before grumpily getting out of bed. She was about to undress and get into her normal clothes that were in the bag now placed beside the bed, yet she paused as a thought crossed her mind, accompanied by a blush on her face.

Firstly, Alexas was still in the room, and while Kristina did love her, it was just... embarrassing to her. The other problem, although one that Alexas technically already knew about, was that she was wearing a goodnight under her nightdress. Kristina still didn't feel ready to come right out and show that to Alexas just yet.

"Come on." Alexas said. "You gonna get undressed or not?"

"It's like she's reading my mind!" Kristina thought. "B-b-b-but I-I-"

"You already gave me quite the show when we cleaned your nightdress last night, remember?"

Kristina's cheeks flamed up as she realized she had totally forgotten about that. Kristina couldn't go back home with a pee-stained nightdress, it would be like telling her mother outright that she wet the bed. Kristina also realized this meant she had little reason to not strip in front of Alexas. "

A-all right..." Kristina slowly pulled the pink nightdress up over her head and then folded and placed it in her bag. This one was the exact same one she wore to bed, as they simply washed it with the sheets. All the clothes were more or less the same shade of pink, so it wasn't as if they were going to run or anything. Kristina simply had borrowed some clothes from Alexas as they waited, just in case Lissa woke up and saw her in her...

Kristina quickly took the garment off that she couldn't even name in thought, noticing the slight yellow hue. This was caused from some pee leaking into it from Alexas' earlier accident, but that didn't matter in the slightest. She knew her mother would want proof she hadn't wet the bed, but the more she looked at the small stain, the more she was thinking of just ditching it altogether. That would bring even more suspicion, so she placed it in a plastic bag she found in her bag and covered it up. "Any crinkling the go-... the garment would make would be disguised by the plastic bag carrying it." Kristina thought. Of course, that didn't stop people from looking in the bag, but there wasn't anything stopping someone from dumping its contents on a table and looking them over either.

"Kristina, are you trying to make me feel uncomfortable looking at you? If so, it's not working." She heard from behind her, and Kristina realized she had been standing naked for a solid minute thinking everything over.

"I'm so sorry!" she replied, quickly grabbing some panties and a long, flowing, pink dress to cover herself up.

Alexas chuckled. "No, I'm sorry, I'll give you some privacy now, 'kay?"

"Okay..." Kristina watched as Alexas closed the door behind her, and Kristina then hurriedly put on her underwear (which included a bra that somehow kept unfastening each time she thought she had gotten it firmly clasped). The pink dress fell to just above her feet, and it seemed to fit much looser than she expected. Was it too big? Kristina peeked out the door to an over-eager Alexas who was waiting only a foot from the door.

"Are you done?" she asked, looking over Kristina.

"I think this dress is too loose, can you help me?"

In a second, Alexas could tell what the problem was. "Ah, it's one of my old dresses I lent you. You're supposed to tie a biiiiiiiiig pink bow on it, like..." Alexas rummaged through Kristina's backpack (while Kristina bit her nails as she moved the plastic bag a few times) and found a long belt of fabric. Alexas quickly tied the dress in a matter of seconds, and Kristina felt the slightly uncomfortable pressure as it dug into her abdomen just a bit. "... this! All done!" Alexas' eyes sparkled as they fell upon the bow, which was perfectly symmetrical.

Kristina liked how the bow hugged her body, although she could do without the additional pressure on her bladder. She already had to pee when she woke up, and the sensation of being squeezed only made the need more pronounced. She would have asked to have it taken off so she could pee, but the look in Alexas' eyes told her that would be one of the worst things she could say right then.

"Are your parents home?" Kristina asked her as they walked out of her room.

"They should show up any minute, although you might want to help me hide something."

"Hide? Hide what?" Kristina followed Alexas, who led her to the kitchen. One thing that was there was a girl whose head gently rested on the kitchen table. Her face was pale as she moaned. Kristina couldn't help chuckling at the two empty tubs of ice-cream beside the girl. "Well, all we have to do is throw out the containers and lay Lissa on the coach, right?"

"I guess, but you'll have to help me lift Lissa. I can't trust myself not to hit her head for revenge of what she did to you..." Alexas grit her teeth as she uttered the last few words. Her gaze darted to Kristina before her attitude calmed down, and she looked to her feet. "S-sorry."

Kristina giggled at her apology. "It's okay, I'm just glad you're willing to keep your emotions under control, even if they are for me."

Alexas flashed a smile back.

They didn't have much trouble going along with the plan, and Lissa was soon moaning once more, this time in understandable words which were about how she miscalculated her mouthfuls of ice-cream per second.

Of course, just as they had gotten rid of all the evidence, the front door opened, admitting a man and woman, both in their late thirties, and both somewhat shuffling. These were obviously Alexas' parents.

"We're home, R-" Alex's mother started.

She was quickly stopped by Alexas' "Mother! Please don't say my given name, not in front of my friends..."

Her father looked rather drowsy as he shuffled past silently, but her mother wasn't in the mood to have her daughter disagreeing with her. "Alexas, if you care about Kristina so much, you'll have to tell her eventually. Now tell her your name, now." Her mother added emphasis to the last word, making Alexas shiver. Kristina almost shivered as well at how cute Alexas looked when she was embarrassed.

"I... Do I have to?" She asked, and a stern look was all she got back from her mother. Alexas gulped, placing two fingers together in front of her, keeping from making eye contact with Kristina. "It's, ah, it's... A stupid name." Alexas hurried the last words, turning to run back to her room.

Her mother said a sharp "Alexas Allison Alexandrie! Get back here right now!" Kristina giggled at the colors that changed on Alexas' face, and she had to cut the laugh off short as the motherly death gaze moved to her.

Alexas shuffled her feet, mumbling "It's a stupid name, but it's Rose Jean..."

"Speak up!"

"R-Rose Jean! It's Rose Jean..."

Kristina's heart fluttered with Alexas' words, and she had to restrain herself from hugging Alexas. It failed, and she was soon around Alexas like vines around a truss. "Aww, it's cute. Why didn't you tell me before, Rose Jean?"

"B-because it's... I read that it meant I couldn't keep long-term relationships, a-and I didn't want you to think so as well..."

"Well, I will make sure whoever said that realizes it's a lie. Just because you have a name that 'means' something, that doesn't mean it actually does for you." Kristina looked Alexas in the eyes, watching as they shimmered from tears trying to form.

Alexas' mother was a little less emotional. "Well, if you want to spend more time together, do it somewhere else. I don't want you noisy kids waking me up." Alexas said goodnight, and her mother half waved as she walked away.

"Your mom's rather commanding when she's tired." Kristina noted.

"And who ate all the ice-cream?" They heard from the kitchen. Obviously, Alex's mother thought she needed more than sleep to relax. This brought the two girls into chuckles.

"Come on, unlike you and Lissa, I can drive. I'll just drop Lissa off, and if you want to spend some time together..." The devilish grin sprouted once again on Alexas' face.

"I see she's back to her old self." Kristina thought. "I mean, we can hang out at my house, and you could spend the night and all..."

"Great! So, just get Lissa ready and let's go!" Alexas shouted with glee, and she spun around as she skipped out of the room humming.

Kristina could see why she was attracted to the girl. Alexas radiated cuteness, if such a phenomena existed. Somehow, Kristina knew Alexas would never outgrow such a demeanor, and frankly, Kristina preferred that she didn't change a bit. Kristina looked for Lissa, soon finding her already up and packing, as if she hadn't just gorged on two tubs of ice-cream. "Apparently she's used to it." She speculated. Kristina passed along the fact Alexas was going to drive them home, and Lissa grinned.

"I bet she'll appreciate having some alone time with you..." Lissa said.

"I-I don't know what you're talking about, my mother should be there most of the time..."

Lissa giggled. "You said most of the time, which means..." She let the sentence hang, and the unsaid words forced Kristina to look away.

"Just hurry up and pack..."

###---

The car ride over was rather uneventful. Lissa was talking to both of the girls while they attempted to give an answer back before she changed the subject. Alexas was trying her best to keep her eyes on the road, but they strained to look at Kristina, who was sitting in the passenger seat beside her. Kristina had to point out how dangerous it was every time Alexas' eyes would stray too far, and soon they would retreat back to the road in front of her before the cycle repeated.

Within minutes they were parked in front of Kristina's house, and Lissa made a big deal about having to walk home, despite it being so close by. Kristina bit her lip as she gingerly climbed out of the car. Her thoughts were almost exclusively on her constantly nagging bladder, and each movement only increased the urgency. This only got worse when she yelped as someone put their hand on her shoulder, and she had to resist darting her hands down as she felt a little pee sneak past despite her attempts of holding it in.

"Hey, Kristina, it's me, Chris." Said the owner of the hand, and Kristina turned to face the boy she had met a few days ago.

"It's him! -well, it's Kristina..." The new Kristina shook her head. "Er, it's the old Kristina in my old body... I guess I'll just call her by my original first name." Kristina forced a smile. "Hello, Chris. I'm sorry we didn't exchange names earlier." She thought about how her name was spoken by Lissa, yet Chris had only told her it was Nick. Of course, he probably already assumed she knew his by now, so he must have unconsciously let the name slip by.

Chris nodded a few times. "It's quite alright, we were both in a rush anyways."

"It was mostly Lissa's fault."

Chris chuckled. "True, very true..." He then looked at Alexas, who was standing awkwardly beside Kristina. He brought a hand forward, saying "So, who's your girlfriend?"

Kristina's face turned beet red. "I-I don't think that's the right word to use-"

"I think it is." Alexas said, shooting a stern look at Kristina, making her shiver in turn. Alexas smiled as she shook Chris' hand. "I'm Alexas, and I noticed you're wearing alexandrite on your necklace."

Chris looked down, as if seeing it for the first time. "Oh, this? I like how alexandrite changes color, especially when it's under incandescent light."

Alexas' smile only widened from those words. "Then I guess we'll make great friends. Any reason why you're here?"

"Oh, I just wanted to tell Kristina something in private."

"If it's a date, the answer is no."

"Heheh, there's no need to worry about that."

Alexas stepped aside. "You two have one minute."

Kristina walked forward, a question already on her lips, yet Chris could already sense it. "I'm glad you love Alexas." Chris explained. "I don't know if you're aware of it yet, but names carry a lot of weight in this town."

Kristina looked back at Alexas, who gave a faint smile back, mouthing 'hurry up'. Kristina nodded and looked back to Chris. "A-and you're glad of that?"

"Yes, after all, this was my one way of breaking up with Alexas without hurting her feelings."

"You mean-"

"Yes, her given name is true. I found out from Lissa one day, and the longer I stayed with Alexas, the more obvious it became. Simply put, my feelings for her waned. Usually, it's just someone's last name that makes a difference, but every now and then..." Chris stopped short, seeing Alexas approach.

"What's taking so long?" She asked, and Chris smiled.

"We were talking about your breast size."

"Chris!" The two girls shouted in unison as Alexas covered her chest. She grabbed Kristina's free hand before pulling her along, although Kristina noted she stopped covering herself once they had turned away.

"God, he's so immature. If he wants to look at breasts so much he should just get a girlfriend..." Alexas mumbled, although her momentary glance to Kristina revealed that Kristina was leading Chris by example. "A-and don't encourage him!" Alexas said, raising Kristina's chin with a finger.

"B-but I have a girlfriend, you!" Kristina replied defensively.

"Well, maybe I'll just have to wear looser clothing, I can't have you glassy eyed, mouth agape, every time I sit across from you at a table."

Kristina pouted as she crossed her arms. "That's not fair, Why should I be punished for looking at one of your attractive qualities?"

Alexas started talking, but paused as she took in the compliment. "W-well, they're not that great..."

"They are."

"N-... I... Thanks..." Alexas mumbled, capitulating.

Kristina smiled back. "I know you're shy," Alexas started the conversation back up as they stopped at Kristina's front door, "but that doesn't mean you can just say we're not girlfriends after your earlier statement. You'll have to make it up to me."

"Like?"

"That's what I should be asking you!" She shouted as Kristina's mom opened the door.

"I thought you two were out here!" Kristina's mother said. "Hurry in, I can't have you two yelling all day out there."

"We weren't yelling that much..." Kristina tried to defend, tossing her backpack to the floor and closing the door behind Alexas.

"So did you..." Kristina's mom whispered, making Kristina's face go scarlet.

"M-mom!"

"Hey, it's a serious question! I care about you, and I just want to know if-" Her mother cut herself off as she realized her volume had increased throughout her lecture, and she forced it back down to a whisper. "...If you had any accidents."

"I swear I didn't have any accidents!" Kristina hissed back.

"Well, then I guess you don't mind if I check your goodnight?"

Kristina started saying "I don't" before pausing. Her goodnight was (at the very least) slightly wet when she placed it back in her bag. No matter how small it was, her mother would find it, no problem. Mothers always find things you thought you hid perfectly. "I swear I didn't wet the bed."

"'The bed'? I was asking for accidents in general and you mentioned wetting the bed-"

"But I didn't!"

"Kristina!"

"You can-" Kristina stopped her own crescendo as she realized she was starting to yell at her mom in front of her girlfriend. Alexas was looking away, shuffling her feet. Alexas' face only grew red as she heard Kristina finish her sentence in a quieter, calmer tone. "I may have wet my goodnight, but it's be-... You can ask Alexas, she knows I didn't wet myself."

Kristina's mother placed her hands on her hips. Alexas may not have been her daughter, but that didn't make her any less likely to lie. "So, Alexas, what happened last night?"

Alexas glanced at Kristina's mother before hurriedly looking away. "I uhh... Umm, you see... she uh... we... She didn't wet the bed. Yeah."

Kristina's mother blinked. "... What?"

"Mother, you're scaring her!" Kristina jumped in.

"Well I don't know why she's the only one who's scared!"

"I'll continue!" Alexas interrupted the feud once more. She grabbed Kristina by the hand, took in a deep breath, and looked at Kristina's mother straight in the eyes. "I had too much soda, and... Since Kristina and I had to share a bed, when I slept with her I... Well I simply just..." Even with Kristina's hand in her own, she couldn't explain it. Her eyes filled with tears and she fell to the ground with her legs pulled up in front of her. Kristina's mother lost her commanding aura as she kneeled down to comfort the crying girl.

"I'm sorry I was so angry, just tell me what happened."

"No, you'll tell my parents..."

"Sweetie, if it's something they need to know-"

"Please, it's so embarrassing..."

Kristina's mother sighed. "Fine, I promise I won't tell, just let it out."

"... I was the one who wet the bed." Alexas buried her rose colored face as she admitted her fault. "We washed the bed and my nightgown, so my parents shouldn't notice, but..." She looked up, tears streaming down her cheeks. "Please, it was all because I drank too much soda and skipped out on the toilet; just don't tell my parents!"

Kristina's mother nodded several times, patting the girl on the back. "I won't, you have my word. Just take deep breaths... that's it..." She could see the girl hiccup as she slowly calmed down, and Kristina's mother leaned over to Kristina and whispered something before getting up. The six words uttered were music to Kristina's ears, and she hugged Alexas as she played them back in her mind.

"You're off the hook for now." It wasn't much, but it was enough. Her mother looked back and said, "Oh, and you may call me Ms. Julia, dear. If there's anything you need, just ask."

"Th-thanks, Ms. Julia." Alexas said through her sniffling. She hugged tightly to Kristina, rubbing her eyes with her jacket sleeve.

Kristina loved how Alexas was wrapping herself around her, but the reason why was the only thing going around in her head. She stood up, only being let go when she placed a light kiss on Alexas' cheek. "I'll be right back." She whispered, and Alexas nodded, trying her best to get her footing before she was offered a hand by Kristina. Kristina then walked up to her mother. "Mom?" she asked, as her mother turned around.

"Yes, dear?"

"I, umm, would like to take uhh..." Kristina scratched the back of her neck as she looked away nervously. "Ummm... mo-money, would be appreciated..."

Her mother leaned forward, smiling. "I know what you're trying to say, and you're so sweet." She then handed over two bills that made Kristina's eyes widen. "Nothing too expensive, but don't skimp out on dessert, I can tell she has as much of a sweet-tooth as Lissa."

Kristina smiled and nodded a few times. "Got it, thank you so much, mom!" She spun around, but her mother's voice stopped her from leaving immediately.

"Don't forget to pee before you leave."

"I-I know!" She shouted behind her. Kristina had forgotten, but now that her mother was telling her outright, she decided it would be a little embarrassing to go while she was still home. After all, doing so would only prove that she needed to be reminded, and that was something Kristina did NOT want in her mother's head. She approached Alexas, who was now unflustered. "Hey, Alex." Kristina then flashed the two bills. "Dinner's on me, you choose where!"

###

"Thank you so much!" Alexas said for the one-thousandth time.

They had already started eating, and from the start Kristina had to be careful about her liquid intake. Her movements had been subtle the whole time, and she kept a hand down there to keep it all in. She still hadn't had taken the time to pee, and she would rather not stop to relieve herself just yet. "I just got here!" She told herself. "I'll simply just have to hold it. I'm what... wait... how old am I?" Kristina realized she'd have to figure that out later, especially if her birthday was during the summer.

"So, have you seen the trailers for that new movie coming out?" Alexas asked.

"That could be anything!" Kristina kept herself from yelling out. "No, I don't believe I had."

"Oh, well it's about a pirate ship getting pulled down a whirlpool, but it's not really a whirlpool, it's a wormhole that leads them out of a waterfall in another dimension, and..."

"Oh. My. God." Kristina shivered at the explanation Alexas was giving. If she hadn't thought she had to pee before, she definitely would know now, and right now it was screaming for relief. "Of all the things she could have talked about..."

"Kristina?"

"Y-yes?" She replied nervously, wondering how she could wipe the sweat off her brow since both hands were firmly placed between her legs.

"I asked if everything's alright, you look rather... strained."

"I-I'm fi-"

"Don't lie, you always look away from me and have that nervous grin when you lie, and you're doing it right now!"

"I... It's nothing important."

"It doesn't look unimportant." Alexas didn't get a reply, and she tried to think back to what could have caused her discomfort. Her grin returned, and she whispered, "Oh, Kristina, if you have to pee that badly, just go..."

"No I..." Kristina tried to deny it as she could feel the heat rise to her cheeks, but she knew it was no use. Her bladder much agreed with Alexas, after all. She stood up slowly, careful not to jostle her bladder.

@@She groaned at seeing the long line, which seemed much longer than she ever thought possible for a restaurant of any size! Kristina tried her best to keep her hands to her sides, but as soon as she was inside the main doors to it, she couldn't stop herself from openly holding herself. "Come on come on..." She muttered, bouncing in place as the line moved forward one by one. She could feel eyes on her back, eyes on her front. Kristina would be surprised if there wasn't a single person not looking at her plight, although a quick glance up revealed a few chuckling girls in front of her who seemed to carry themselves rather highly. She watched as each of the girls entered the three stalls, and one of them pointed out how they somehow managed to clog a toilet, although this was quite clearly directed towards Kristina. She bit her lip and made high steps as she tried to keep moving, trying her best to keep it in. Despite all the teasing going on, she made it to the restroom. Closing and locking a door behind her, she debated on simply peeing through her panties, but quickly shook her head. She made it this far, and even if she had to, it would most likely get on her dress, which already displayed a dime-sized wet patch on the front. She tried to pull the dress up first, but hit resistance. She had forgotten about the bow. "No problem," She thought. "​I just have to untie it real quick and..."

Nothing.

Well, not nothing, it just wouldn't untie. Kristina grit her teeth. "It HAS to untie! I can't wait any longer!" Her need to pee was greater than when she was in school earlier in the week. Then she simply thought she might be able to switch back as if none of it ever happened. Maybe wake up from the dream.

But not here.

Here, it was public. Here, she might meet someone again.

Here, if she peed herself, she'd have to go back, soaked, to her girlfriend.

Kristina looked around franticly for something, ANYTHING to get it untied or even cut, but nothing turned up. She couldn't untie it herself.

Herself.

"But, it's so embarrassing..." But not as embarrassing as the alternative, surely? "I'll just have to..."

Kristina shakily walked out, thighs pressed tightly together as she kept both of her hands pressed tightly against her special spot in order to keep it all in. She bit her lip as she reached their table, and Alexas could tell in a second that Kristina hadn't peed. "What's wrong?" She asked worriedly. "What happened?"

"Can't... untie... h...help..." She forced out, shivering as she felt some pee trickle down her leg into her shoe.

Alexas led her back to the restroom, and the line was just as long as before. "Kristina, do you think you can make it?" She asked, and instantly regretted it as she saw Kristina frantically shake her head 'no'. Alexas took note of the dark patch now slightly surrounding Kristina's hands. Alexas realized Kristina was on a countdown that was closer to the end than they were to a toilet. Alexas was worrying like mad that her girlfriend was on the brink of wetting herself and being humiliated in front of everyone, and she just couldn't allow that. A new fire lit in her eyes, and she brought her pointer finger out, hovering it right in front of Kristina's face. "You won't wet yourself, you hear?"

"But, Alexas, I-"

"No buts, you won't wet yourself and that's final! You hear me?"

Kristina nodded, shaking in desperation. "It hurts so much!"

"Well you will wait, and you will make it!" Alexas was pouring her heart into the situation, and she couldn't help but feel... She suppressed the thought. She had had it yesterday, and she couldn't let it get in the way.

Kristina jiggled and swayed, holding herself openly and trying her best to keep it in. In her head, now wasn't a matter of 'if' she'll make it, it was a matter of 'when'. She whimpered and trembled and bounced and jiggled and hopped, yet she held on. Kristina was in constant motion, yet not a single new drop of pee got through. They reached the front of the line, and Alexas hurried them into the handicap stall. She untied the bow with ease, and soon she looked Kristina in the eyes, radiating with encouragement mixed in with...

"Remove your hands and I'll pull up your dress and then pull down your panties. You won't pee until I give the command, alright?"

Kristina nodded. "J-just hurry!"

Alexas didn't hurry, instead jabbing Kristina's abdomen playfully. "You will hold it, so you will wait!"

Kristina doubled over when she felt her need to pee go past any imaginable feeling. "O-okay! I'll hold it!" although she was pleading more than agreeing to. Alexas pulled the dress up over Kristina's head and hung it on the coat hook behind them before doing the same with her damp pair of panties. Kristina hurriedly sat down, yet she didn't pee right away. Her hands were clutching her womanhood, and she was trembling as she waited. Alexas paused for a few seconds before darting her head forward, using her hands to tilt Kristina's head as they passionately kissed.

"OK, now you can pee," Alexas whispered softly before starting to kiss her again.

Kristina relaxed her entire body, and if there weren't so many noisy people outside the stall, they would have heard the sound of Kristina's peeing echoing across the walls.

The kiss didn't end until long after Kristina's bladder had emptied, and both were left gasping for air. Alexas didn't utter a word, yet somehow, she felt she didn't have to. Turning to Kristina's dress, she helped dry it off as best she could before helping her back into it, neither of them speaking to the other, as if it would ruin the moment. Kristina handed her money to Alexas as she returned to the car, not caring that when she sat down that she was getting pee on the seat. To keep the smell down, she opened the windows, and rummaged through the car for some perfume that Alexas had lying around. She tried her best to spray only a small amount, not wanting to make Alexas gag.

Alex soon returned with a box in one hand before sitting in the driver's seat, both girls in silence.

"That was... cute..." Alexas whispered, her face glowing. Coming from her, that was the biggest compliment she could give.

Kristina decided now was the best time to go fishing for answers. "You... enjoyed watching me?"

"A... a little. I mean, I knew it before, but... Well, you know how you caught me looking you over yesterday?"

"Yeah?"

"You remember what you were doing?"

"I was just sitting there... Oh..." Kristina's own face glowed red with embarrassment. "I needed to pee."

Alexas paused before answering, and while it was meek, it was also somewhat lustful. "Y-yeah..."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"...I bought a cake, you want to share?"

*018*2015-07-09 13:57

Yeah, not enough people do the body-swapping thing, and often enough they're abandoned because the person runs out of ideas. Of the accidents, I think chapter three was also my favorite (although I have a fondnest to chapter 4.5 (2)).

The movie was actually going to be next chapter (not because I'm impatient, but because Alexas is). I'll have her wear a black and pink skirt just for you, then, it's actually a great idea. Don't worry, I'll try my best at letting Alexas have all the fun in the world.

As I said to your other comment, I might add her back, but I'll need to figure out her impact first. If all I can do is a quick cameo, she's most likely not going to show.

Heh, I guess you could say that's the main reason the old Kristina swapped bodies.

We can only hope.

I'm assuming you mean new Kristina (commenting one body-swapping stories is confusing >.<). Well, I've already revealed that she loves reading (even if it's just the same book) and she also likes playing videogames. Of course, anything else Kristina simply either doesn't remember or doesn't have access to. I mean, unless committing herself whole-heartedly to Alexas is a hobby, she, as of right now, doesn't have anymore.

Yeah, I'll probably want to add more bouncing and the like, it definitely shows she's desperate. As for her skirt being brushed up around her waist, well, let's just see what Kristina would say about that:

"No. No no no no, no! Not happening, not happening!... Er, unless Alex reeeaalllyy wants it... But unless that happens, no!"

I'm glad you're enjoying this story, and don't worry, you did a a fine job commenting. Long comments like yours are great, especially since I do hide plenty of stuff in the story.

Oh and as another note, I do have an ending I'm working towards, Once I get most of what I want out of the way it will end, although even then I could still have a second part of the story if I decide to.

*020*2015-07-09 15:35

You're free to pm me, whether it's ideas or questions or something else.

-

Well, the biggest problem if she becomes a friend is that I have to create a name for her, and that has a lot of thought put into it than it really should, but I hope you agree it adds to the story.

I don't know what her mother hasn't already hinted at that doesn't match up, but I thought she was rather blunt with the fact already.

-

-

Don't take what Kristina says to heart, she's almost a slave to Alexas :P

Pm me when you're ready!

*021*2015-10-15 00:04

Due to massive amounts of stress on my side and personal matters on frosty's, this took longer than normal. ...but, it's still alive!

Thank you frostyjr2 for editing this, especially when I'm going through some rough times. I hope to write the next part sooner than before!

Chapter 8: A Quick Picture

Kristina couldn't help gawking at what lay in front of her. How could she not? Alexas was lying there, inviting her to have Kristina do whatever her heart desired to her.

Well, at least that's what Kristina assumed.

She wasn't sure how things had escalated so quickly. All she did was share the cake, have Alexas drive her home, and then they had gone to bed before waking up a few minutes later in this situation. Kristina's mind was cloudy and she could almost hear it whirring as it attempted to catch up with the memories, but the attempt was beyond her at the moment.

Instead, she let instinct lead the way. Climbing on top of the bed, she could feel a slight need to pee, but leaving for the bathroom would spoil the mood. Throwing the thought aside, she placed her lips against Alexas', but they didn't seem to return what she had expected. Pressing her body against Alexas, she tried to draw out the feeling she had felt the first time she had kissed Alexas, or even something close to it. Disappointment soon followed, and she gave into her growing need to pee.

"Where are you going?" Alexas whispered, holding Kristina by the hand.

With such a cloudy mind, she couldn't help but say "It's not what I expected, plus I need to pee anyways..."

Oddly enough, Alexas wasn't offended by the first comment. Instead, she chose to take offense at the next.

"Surely I wouldn't give you the best desire from the start, now would I? Why must you interrupt the gradual increase in pleasure because of a gradual increase in pressure?"

"But it's really bad, surely we can't just start again right after? We barely got going."

Alexas shook her head. "It's now or in a few months. It takes quite some time to get me into such a mood as this, and your need is already spoiling it."

Kristina bit her lip. She didn't want to wet herself, but surely she could hold through the whole thing, right? She didn't want to wait a few months, so, making up her mind, Kristina began once more, trying to push the need to pee to the back of her mind and pulling the desire to press up against Alexas to the fore. Kristina could tell it was working, for she could feel a tingling, as she would describe, 'down there', which was followed by a now somewhat familiar warmth. Her mind was getting less and less foggy, and soon she could feel the pleasure she had been seeking.

Kristina's eyes fluttered, bringing in a clearer picture each time they reopened, and she couldn't help groaning as she realized all of that was a dream, especially since it was just about to get good. She rubbed her eyes as they were slightly itchy from sleeping for some time. She soon felt that something just felt... wrong, but she couldn't figure out what it was. Looking around, she could see Alexas, snoring gently in a way only describable like that of a content kitten. Kristina decided it wouldn't hurt to sleep in a little longer with Alexas, so she wrapped an arm around Alexas and felt the reassuring warmth of her girlfriend's body heat radiating to her. Snuggling up against her, she soon felt tiredness roll over her like a wave, and soon sleep captured her once more.

"I swear, you sleep in just because you wake up too tired to get out of bed." Alexas said, gently shaking Kristina. "Come on, I bought us movie tickets and the picture starts in half an hour. It'll take us at least fifteen minutes to get there, and if you don't wake up soon..." Alexas paused to come up with something, and she quickly continued with, "...I'll hint to your mother that you didn't listen to her last night."

At that, Kristina's eyes flew wide open, as she got up at once, swinging her feet off the bed. Alexas laughed as Kristina quickly fell to the floor, tripping on herself as her tangled feet hadn't woken up as quickly as her mind. She got up rubbing her head, regarding Alexas with pained embarrassment. "That's not funny, it really hurt!"

Alexas only laughed louder before calming herself down. "Sorry, heehee, it's just so adorable watching you fumbling around like a startled cat."

"Great, now she's comparing me to a feline..." Kristina thought, thinking of the irony of it.

She got up, blowing the messy hair out of her face. Grabbing the brush from her end table, she cringed when the teeth of the brush tugged at the knots that were in her hair. She had washed her hair last night, but she realized she probably didn't use quite as much conditioner as was necessary to keep it from tangling. Taking a mental note, her eyes dropped to the soaked goodnight she was wearing. So something was wrong when she woke up. She felt a hand stop her as she walked to the dresser, and she turned to her girlfriend, who was currently wearing a dark red bow in her hair to keep it in a ponytail. She wore a red hoodie that had a zipper all along the front, with a light pink t-shirt barely showing from where the zipper had almost finished being zipped. She had a pink skirt that looked shorter than it was from the hoodie going past where a shirt normally would stop, and Alexas wore pink socks, but no shoes yet.

"I already got your outfit ready, Kristina. I've laid stuff out because I didn't want you to rush a mismatched outfit."

Kristina looked at the clothes, there was a pink t-shirt, a pink and black pleated skirt (with the inner folds being black and outer being the pink), black socks, and... well, the last bit made Kristina blush a bit. Pink and white striped panties. "You really had to pick out my panties?"

"W-well, I think panties are what piece together an entire outfit..." Alexas said defensively, although a notable tension was in her voice.

Kristina then motioned towards her chest. "Then what about a bra? I may have small breasts, but that's just insulting!"

Alexas' face grew red, and she stepped forward. "I was just trying to be nice, Kristina! You never give me tips on this stuff anyways, and what have you done other than that one-off date last night? You've been avoiding me for so long, and the first time I try returning a favor you raise your voice!"

She was absolutely fuming by the end of her sentence, her hands balled up into fists at her side, and soon tears threatened to break free from her eyes. She brushed the tears away with her fist, and they reformed and fell in pairs as the tears themselves realized she no longer could sustain an angry aura around her.

"D-dang it all!" was all she could say before she rushed out of the room.

Kristina tried to stop her, but the resounding 'Bang!' of the slamming door stopped her from running after her. Kristina always knew Alexas for someone who flared up easily, but she never knew her for someone who was overly emotional. Even the bed wetting incident was something totally different. Pretty much anyone would have reacted that way, and the resulting conversation could have easily been her feelings being carried onto the other dilemma. In this case, Alexas actually couldn't get mad at her because of her emotions, and Kristina knew that only made her more emotional. Putting on everything tossed across the bed but the t-shirt, she placed the shirt over her shoulder as she grabbed a few things before leaving to go after Alexas.

Alexas was in the predictable place, the bathroom. Kristina laid her ear against the door and felt her heart break to pieces as she could hear sobbing on the other side. She hadn't wanted to cause Alexas to break down like that, even if it weren't wholly her fault. The sobbing soon stopped as she knocked on the door, and after a few seconds, Alexas shakily asked, "What do you want?"

"I just want to chat." Kristina replied, and silence lasted a few seconds before Alexas broke it again.

"There's nothing to say, now just go away!"

"But I can't go to the movie without you."

"Well, then just don't go."

"Come on Alexas..." Kristina didn't expect it to be this difficult to coax Alexas back to her normal self. "At least answer a question, and you can't answer this through a door!"

Shuffling was heard, and soon the door swung open. "What is it?"

Kristina lifted up a pair of bras, one pink and another white. "Which one do you think is better?"

"I don't care..." Alexas mumbled, looking away.

"You do, Alexas, and that's why I love you. You care about the little things, and sometimes a thick-headed girl like me forgets that."

Alexas suddenly flashed a smile, and looked back at the garments. She pointed to the white bra and watched as Kristina put it on, and after tossing on the shirt, she was stopped by Alexas, who tucked in the shirt.

"If you wear a skirt, you must always tuck in your shirt, that's just a rule." Alexas said, her fundamental meticulous self taking over from her messy emotional side.

"And what about if I'm wearing jeans?"

This was something that made Alexas shake her head, 'tsking' as she even wagged a finger. "I don't care if you like jeans, no girlfriend of mine is going to wear anything except a skirt unless it's snowing!" Alexas said. "Dresses have skirts, and skirts are skirts, but jeans and shorts are the most boring clothes ever."

"And what about boys? They can't really wear clothing with skirts without being outcast."

Alexas crossed her arms before practically throwing the question over her shoulder.

"Well, maybe they should just change genders or something, but I'm not in the mood to think about stuff like that..." Her previous mood was now completely gone as a new dilemma crossed her mind. "By the way, why are you saying stuff like that? You seem to be caring a little too much about the opposite sex than normal..."

"W-well..." Kristina couldn't help but worry. "Does she know? What will she do? What will I do?" Kristina's mind was thinking so far ahead that she almost missed Alexas' conclusion, catching it just in time for the sentence to make sense.

"-I expected this, your minimal exposure to that Chris creep has tainted your desire for girls!" Alexas shouted.

Kristina tilted her head in confusion. "What?"

"Being exposed to boys, especially creeps, leads to non-girly thoughts, which means a cuteness deficiency and an increase in the desire," Alexas gasped, "the desire to wear non-cute clothing! I should've seen the signs!"

"Alexas, you're treating boys like a radioactive substanc-"

"As I should! All of the proof has been spread across this entire morning! I'm surprised you haven't noticed the signs yourself!" Kristina realized Alexas was no exception to this place's ability to make everyone... weird. Of course, with Alexas, this was something Kristina could deal with, and a little bit of her enjoyed such weirdness.

"Well," Kristina changed subjects. "are we going to the movies or not, Alex?"

Alex's eyes grew wide as she grabbed Kristina by the hand, soon bolting out the door as the words "You're right! We're going to be late!" trailed from her mouth.

Kristina had barely enough time to grab her purse on the way out, but she managed to grab it and toss it over her shoulder.

They got in the car, and soon Kristina was buckling herself into her seat in time with Alexas, the clicking of her seatbelt locking in place sounding simultaneously to the one on the driver's side.

"What's so great about this movie anyways?" Kristina queried, gritting her teeth as Alexas reversed and stopped to switch gears a little too suddenly.

"The movie is the one I told you about yesterday. It came out today, but I bought tickets ahead of time so we could see it together on release. That's why I was making such a big deal about it at dinner last night."

Alexas put the car in drive, and they quickly exited the neighborhood. Kristina heaved a sigh of relief as she realized Alexas wasn't going over the speed limit. "There aren't enough good pirate movies, and I've really been hoping this one is good."

"I'm just glad you aren't breaking any laws, it's not that important..." She looked back at Alexas for confirmation, yet Alexas seemed to be having trouble figuring out how to respond. With no words being exchanged, it was a silent drive to the theaters.

Feeling rather awkward, Kristina opened her purse, pulling out her K-86, which still left an eyebrow raised on her face. Thinking that Alexas also enjoyed playing video games, Kristina was able to break the silence with a question she knew she could get an answer to.

"So, is the K-86 rather popular? I don't really keep up with that stuff as much as I should."

Alexas had that confused expression once more, and she risked a glance as they stopped at a light. "Oh, you definitely don't know enough, that's the Backlit Video Game Display Unit, or the BVGDU. Er, but that's still a mouthful, so it's usually called the Backlight Handheld, or BH. It's an old console, and it was the first handheld game console that could be played in the dark because of the addition of a light that brightened the display."

"Then what's the K-86 on the back of it mean?"

"I dunno, you showed that sticker one day to me and said if you ever brought it up again to remind you to ask that scientist you've been hanging out with recently."

Not really thinking that it was too out of the ordinary (other than being such an odd name for a system), Kristina hadn't noticed until now that the sticker was layered on top of an older sticker, which looked slightly worn. In comparison, the newer sticker had very few imperfections, a contrast to the scratched, faded sticker it covered.

"Heh, sorry, I guess I forgot all about that..."

"I need to text him now." Kristina pulled out her phone, making sure it was fully charged before rapidly hammering the keys to get her question out as fast as possible.

"I just checked my Backlight Handheld, why is there a sticker with K-86 on it?"

The response didn't take long to come in.

"You're learning more about Kristina than I thought you would, like some sort of sleuth willing to ask questions to see if it would yield anything new."

"Can't you just answer me already?"

"And just like a determined detective, you're angered by delays, so I'll just tell you now. It's part of the algorithm I used, the K standing for 100% of Kristina, and the -86 was to act as the similarity being taken away from the 100%. I wish there was a better way to say it, but all I can really say is that 100% minus the 86 equals the amount of dissimilarity in the query, or a search of someone 14% dissimilar from Kristina. It's actually a lot more complicated than that, but that's really the best way I can actually explain it."

"So I'm 14% different from Kristina?"

"​Technically, no, but mathematically with plenty of other values and the like accounted for, yes. For example, some may consider gender a portion of this value, but seeing as it has no alteration on one's personality or mental state, I disregarded it entirely."

"And why 14?"

"Well, less of 14 and more of 86. We chose to use a percent that was close enough that you'd be into most of the same things, yet different enough to allow you to love Alex. She also was adamant about switching with someone who had a stronger bladder, that way she didn't have to deal with... well, you're well aware of that by now. It wasn't simply a percentage value I used, but as I said, that's really the only way I can describe it easily."

"Well, I'd like to see this thing the next time you get the chance."

"Even if it means the difference between returning to your old body or forever being locked in this new one?"

That was the question she had been puzzling over ever since she had swapped bodies. Sure, the first day she would have done anything to return back to her old body and old life, but now new information had brought doubt into her mind. The old Kristina had wanted this, and still wants this. Not to mention Alex, who sat right beside her right now. Alex had wanted someone to love, and she saw this in Kristina, even when she had seen the old Kristina's desire to be just friends.

And then there was Chris- the old Chris, that is. The old Chris only wanted to get back to his old body and let the girls deal with their problems through normal means. He didn't have consent in this. He despised this whole thing of switching bodies. Why did he have to lose his old life just to take up another's? At first he'd wanted nothing more than to change back to his old self again.

But then he met her. Alexas, the one person who didn't care if he- no, she, for she was now Kristina- was different than normal. In fact, Alexas welcomed the new Kristina with open arms, even ignoring the problems that came with it. Of course, these problems had actually been what had forced Alexas' hand, causing her to admit one of her long ignored desires. Kristina couldn't wish the fate of losing a love that had come so close on someone she truly loved in return. At that moment, Kristina realized that the old Chris was almost entirely gone now, and no matter how much she tried to suppress it, the new Kristina was here to stay and that even if she changed back, there would always be a part of her that would remain. Kristina knew that she was willing to risk not going back to her old body, seeing as it was worth the risk to know what had gotten her in this mess in the first place.

She had been so caught up with these thoughts that the whole ride to the theater had ended.

"It's time to go, Kristina," the angelic voice of Alex rung out. It was fitting to think of her as an angel, one who intervened in human affairs to shake them from their single-minded thoughts. "You're looking at me oddly again, Kristina."

"Sorry, I was deep in thought." Kristina replied, shaking her head, clearing her mind. "Let's go."

She quickly texted "I need to know, no matter the risk. As soon as you can give one, I'd like an answer." and she turned her phone off, tossing it in her purse, along with her Handheld.

Alexas dragged Kristina along, soon reaching the concession stand and buying the two of them drinks and some popcorn, all of them in the largest sizes possible. One of the drinks was fruit punch and the other soda, Alexas claiming "I'm not a big fan of soda, it's too generic, relying purely on sugar to make it good."

Kristina didn't really care; she was starting to sip her soda before they even presented the tickets to the ticket counter. The soda was already a quarter drained as they reached their seats, Kristina only remembering that she's always so thirsty in the morning. The lights dimmed as the previews ended just in time.

Kristina shivered. Why did it have to be so cold in the theater? It was like they wanted to keep everyone bundling up for warmth, no matter the season. The arctic environment soon made another thing known, that she needed to pee.

Looking back, Kristina realized she hadn't gone since that morning. Kristina bit her lip as her eyes trailed down to the half-filled soda in her cup-holder. She hadn't used the toilet after getting up, and although she did wet herself in her sleep, that hardly changed matters. Now she had half of the largest size soda in her stomach, along with the buttered popcorn that seemed to be having a diuretic effect.

If Kristina were to sum this up, it wasn't good. Although when she thought about it, all she had to do was excuse herself and pee. It was that simple. Kristina chuckled to herself, there was nothing to worry about, and to show her bladder who was boss, she drank more soda and ate more popcorn. Sure, at an eighth full of soda and a decent amount of popcorn, she felt bloated, but Kristina's crossed legs and determined mind told her it was fine to watch for a little bit longer. What was the worst that could happen anyways, she forgot and ended up leaking before being lead childishly to the restrooms?

Well, that was likely, but Kristina wanted to hold it as long as she could. If there was anything that Kristina could think of that could strengthen her bladder, it was to hold her pee as long as she could.

Ten minutes later, and there was no question about it, Kristina had to go, and she had to go now. Even for her, Kristina hadn't expected soda to go through her so quickly. To her, it was as if one moment she didn't have to pee, the next she couldn't very well be bothered, and the next, she was going to pop. Normally, she'd just get up and go, but while her tense legs bounced up and down, she realized that her girlfriend would kill to see her in such a situation. "Alex, I have to pee really badly."

Alex looked over, her eyes showing a hint of fascination as light danced across them. "O-oh? Well, I'm not stopping you." Her hand twitched as if to object, but Alexas wasn't going to stop Kristina.

Kristina tried to stand, but suddenly feeling a wave hit, she fell back to her seat, leaning forward and pressing her hands into her skirt.

"T-this is insane! It got so bad so quickly!," she whispered to herself.

Alexas had a conflicted look on her face now, as if she were debating whether to help Kristina or not, and if she were to, how? A minute passed, and Kristina's bladder still ached for release, it was as if her hot pee was burning the gates that kept her from peeing, and that her hands were merely support beams to keep it from breaking open, but not able to keep the inevitable from happening. Another minutes passed, and the burning pain had soon subsided, now becoming a nagging dull pain that refused to go away. Kristina shakily stood, accepting the hand from Alexas.

"Here, I'll lead you to the restrooms." Kristina could have thanked Alexas a thousand times, and not just because of the support from her girlfriend. No, the main problem was that Kristina had no idea were the restroom was, never having been in this theater in her entire life. She shuffled beside Alexas, who pushed the doors of the theater open. Kristina felt her hands dampen as a small trickle had started, and she realized there was no way to stop it. "U-um, should we stop?" Alexas asked, concerned that Kristina might pee herself soon. Kristina shook her head.

"I-I... k-keep going, I c-can't stop it...." Kristina could feel the tears forming, and her vision blurred as they distorted the light. Alexas kept dragging Kristina further along, and soon the restroom was in sight. Unfortunately, so was the sign that said 'Out of Order'.

Kristina couldn't help feeling more tears fall, and in sync, the trickling redoubled, starting to form a bigger and bigger stream as a good portion fell straight down, a small amount going down her right leg into her shoe. No matter how small the second stream was, it was barely hindered by the socks before the shoe itself started filling up. The dark blotch in the red carpeting was rather visible to anyone standing nearby, though the low lighting helped to hide it at a distance.

"I-I'm sorry Kristina..." Alexas apologized. "I... could tell you were desperate since the start of the movie; I really should have helped you go."

"I-it's not your fault I wet myself..." Kristina said, trying to keep herself from breaking down and sobbing on the spot.

"Well, it kinda was. I had gotten you the biggest drink possible because I wanted to see you desperate. I... I feel like a jerk, I'm so sorry."

Kristina looked up at the girl. Alexas was making it so easy to hate her. Maybe she could learn to be without her? Kristina shook her head. These thoughts were only making matters worse. If she wanted to think, she needed to be somewhere where there was nothing to bias her. Now was the time to get out of sopping wet panties, and the skirt that fared a little better than her right sock, although it was hardly untouched.

She shook her right foot, trying to shed as much pee from her skin before leaving. "I-it's fine, let's just go. We can see the movie again some other time."

They left in silence, and Kristina was soon sitting down in the car on her skirt and soaking it more. Then there was the silent drive back.

Kristina couldn't help but feel bad for Alexas, even though she deserved to feel guilty. Alexas had purposely attempted to make Kristina desperate, and had succeeded beyond her wildest dreams. But even then, Kristina still couldn't help feeling horrible. If she wanted out of this relationship, she should say it right now instead of letting dread build up for Alexas. But she couldn't bring herself to do so, thinking that leaving the relationship would be even worse.

But then what could she do? Sure, she could stay in the relationship, but she'd have to deal with the possibility of the same thing happening again, even if Alexas swore off doing it. Another way to keep from breaking up was to switch bodies.

"And let the old Kristina do it for me." Kristina felt terrible even thinking about that. Sure, it was the old Kristina's fault she was in the situation, but it was out of love!

And the new Kristina was just going to say 'Try someone else if you want your body to love Alexas.' Another thought struck her. She shot a text to the scientist and got the answer she dreaded. Looking at the screen, she realized saying such a thing was practically like ending the relationship outright.

"The main problem I'm having is less rebuilding the switching device and more of what you just guessed, your souls are building a resistance to the mechanics of the device. That is why I said there is a time-limit, because your soul can't deal with mechanical manipulation in any other way than resisting it."

Kristina didn't want to make up her mind now, it was too soon! She had thought she'd have all summer to think about this, but now she was being forced into deciding. Was it worth it to stay in this body?

Yes. But was it okay to keep the relationship going, even if she were trapped in this body forever?

That was more difficult to answer. But long before they reached the house, Kristina had already made up her mind.

Yes, it was okay.

With that decision, any thought of changing back was pushed to the wayside. If she really wanted to change back or not seemed like something that she would have to think about herself without considering everybody else's desires, and right now she wasn't ready for that. Not switching back was one matter, switching back was an entirely different one.

"Alexas." Kristina had made up her mind for now. "I'm still your girlfriend, alright? And while it makes me a little uncomfortable to risk wetting myself in public because of you, I think I can live with it."

Alexas stayed silent, but her cheeks already had tears streaking down it. She tried saying something, but it was melted together, unformed, unrefined. Alexas turned and hugged Kristina. "Th-thank you so much!"

"Wheel! The wheel! Hands on the wheel!" Kristina shouted, holding it steady while Alexas quickly returned to it.

"I-I'm sorry, I just thought your next words were going to be you breaking up with me." Alexas wiped her eyes, slowing her speed as her eyesight was hindered.

"Just let your emotions wait until we get back, otherwise you'll break us up into another car."

Alexas laughed at the joke, and suddenly the atmosphere in the car had lightened, almost making Kristina feel dizzy with the loss of gravity. They returned to Kristina's home, and Alexas spent half an hour wrapped around Kristina before she felt like she had gotten back to her normal self. They had sat down on Kristina's bed (after she had dried herself off, of course) and chatted, although Kristina said more, seeing as Alexas was still trying to calm down. Alexas took a few deep breaths as she listened to Kristina talk about some of the things she had to deal with. Kristina even had to include the details of a few of her recent accidents to satisfy Alexas' curiosity.

"Wait, back up." Alexas said, holding her hands out. "What did you just say?"

Kristina could feel her face redden. "Uhm, well, I sorta... Had an accident during finals-"

"And I missed it!" Alexas shouted to herself, raising her arms, frustrated in herself for sleeping through it. She looked back at Kristina once more. "You better tell me what happened, and don't slack on details!"

"But it's embarrassing-"

"But you also know I enjoy it, so you-"

"Alexas, get the desire out of your thoughts for a second and realize why I don't want to tell you!"

Alexas was stopped by Kristina's sudden protest, and she closed her still open mouth as she listened intently to what Kristina had to say. "Think about when you wet the bed, was that enjoyable?"

Alexas looked to the ground like a small child being disciplined. She bit her thumbnail as she replied with, "I guess not..."

"How would you feel if so many people you knew were this close to witnessing that?"

"W-well, I'd feel mortified..."

"Exactly." Kristina said, but she couldn't help scooting closer.

Something had come over her, and she couldn't help stopping an inch away before whispering, "...which is why I'll only tell you in hushed words, and plenty of details so you don't mishear anything."

*023*2015-10-15 00:55

Thanks, I was wondering if people had forgotten about this! I'm glad there is still some interest!
