New Marauders - Page 2

Author: Nimbus

*025*2012-05-03 21:01

{{:

I reached my quota of positive votes for the day... On all the parts of the story. Except the last XD cuz i ran out

}}

Thanks! Glad you like it!:D

{{:

Wow, your doing very well. Wonder what's going on from here? Tho I wish that she coulda explained what happened.

}}

Thanks:) Explained what exactly?

*027*2012-05-04 02:57

Thanks for all the feedback I'm glad people like the complicated rivalry between Rachel and Sara, its one of my favorite components of the story.

I woke up the next day miserable. I sat up angrily, how had Rachel managed to manipulate me like that? I sighed as I stood up, dressed in my bra and panties while rain pounded against the window. I sighed as I quickly pulled on a set of clothes. a black v-neck with the ravenclaw emblem, the black pants from yesterday and my converse once again before I jogged down too muggle studies. I found myself bored to sleep in the class and didn't wake up till Lisa shook me awoke at the end of class. I sighed bitterly as I headed to charms.

Class passed slowly and I grew bored and I seemed too drift off in nearly all my classes until my last one, defense against dark arts. I stepped into class, slowly and miserably. I took my seat next to Annalise.

"So ever figure out the snitch?" She asked. I nodded my head simply and remained silent till class became.

"Class, today we will work with boggarts, does anyone know what a boggart is?" I raised my hand and he nodded in my direction.

"A boggart is a shape-shifting creature that takes on the form of the viewer's worst fear." I said simply.

"Correct, how does one defeat a boggart?"

"With laughter, the boggart's kryptonite."

"Correct. Now class, one often finds it difficult to laugh at their worst fear. However a simple charm, the riddikulus incantation replaces your fear with something humorous, you only have to push past the fear and focus, everyone in line and lets begin.

I soon found myself in the back of a long line as the line progressed each student faced there fear as the boggart warped into frightening creatures and phobias. I watched amused as Rachel stood in front of the boggart and it instantly warped into a gruesome looking dementor. She trembled as she meekly muttered the incantation and nothing happened. She trembled as the dementor thing flew at her, she cast the spell again and the dementor turned into a big blue genie, like the one from Aladdin.

Annalise saw a dragon, Jake saw a manticorn, but when it came too me class was ended and I never got to face my fear. I sighed in relief as I headed to the common room. Later that night I forced myself to move to the transfiguration class room when Fred stopped me in the halls.

"Hey Sara, can you help tutor me?" He asked innocently.

"Sorry, got detention, annalise can probably help you, look for her in the Myrtle's bathroom."

"Ok, thanks." He said before marching off. I sighed as I felt my bladder begin to fill. I took a minute to consider using the bathroom, but I was going to be late and Mcgonagal would be reasonable I hoped.

I strolled into the large room to find it covered in a layer of filth, other than Rachel who stood in the center of the room.

"Welcome to detention." The headmistress said strolling in. "You will stay here until you clean this room, by muggle means. And so one of you doesn't do all the work themselves, Sara you get the duster. It is magicked to repel Rachel's touch. Rachel you get the mop. The door will be sealed until the room is clean. That is all." She said before taking our wands and leaving, the door becoming a brick wall behind her.

"Why are you here?"

"Cut class." She said turning away from me. I shook my head and began to dust the walls as fast as possible, while Rachel simply mopped the floor miserably. I looked at her a little sympathetically, then I remembered what she did too me and began work.

Two hours later I was on my last wall and my legs were trembling beneath me. I felt my bladder threaten to give out. I doubled over for a moment with both hands in my crotch.

"Don't you dare make another mess for me to clean." Rachel threatened.

"Leave me alone." I sobbed as I began to bounce up and down, one hand in my crotch, the other dusting a book shelf. I knew I couldn't make it, but I still tried. My legs were pressed so tightly together I had to hop from one area to the next just to finish the wall. My eyes brimmed with tears as I felt a spurt fall into my purple panties. I cleared my throat. "Don't get your hopes up on me making."

"I swear to god..." She said. I just kept dusting the shelf, halfway done as I felt another spurt release. I felt warm urine slither down my thigh all the way to below my knee. I gasped loudly but kept dusting. I managed to finish the shelf and only had a short stretch of wall left.

"I can make it." I said hopefully and as I bounced in place, the feather duster cleared the entire wall of filth. There I stood before the brick wall, both hands pressed against my pants in an attempt to stop the flow of urine, my legs crossed tightly together and my lip beginning to bleed where I bit it. Nothing happened, and then I realized Rachel had to finish before it would open. In the moment of disappointment I leaked an amount of urine flow from my urethra, the pants around it glistening and rippling as the trail made it to my ankle before I regained control.

I turned to her as I hopped up and down hoping she would finish soon. I knew she wouldn't. I doubled over for a long time with both hands buried into my pants and I tried to stop the flow, but I felt a spurt release into my pants. Another, another, another. Soon a large heart shaped glistening patch was on my pants and a small cookie shaped puddle was below me as a long stream was released. It slipped through my fingers and I felt the warmth spread down my inner right thigh, circling around to the calf before it streamed into my shoes.

I gasped as warm urine pooled around my heel, soaking my white socks. I gasped, as my bladder burst entirely. I squealed as urine gushed down my legs filling my shoes where it overflowed and puddled around me. A stream fell off my right thigh and added to the puddle as more warmth soaked the back of my legs, mainly my right one. I sobbed as the urine flow continued. a thin veil of urine fell between my closing thighs as I pressed them together trying to stop the accident. No luck, urine kept soaking my pants, leaving it glistening as the fabric seemed to ripple from the urine flow.

I gasped as it all came out in one sudden burst, the urine could be seen streaming downwards outside the fabric of my pants as it hissed loudly and quickly ended, leaving me in a large puddle. I felt dizzy from relief until I felt Rachel tackle me to the ground.

"What did I tell you?" She screamed as she clawed at my skin and clothes. I tried to push her off of me, but no luck. We began rolling over each other, grappling each other. We rolled straight into the bucket of water and spilled onto us, mostly Rachel. However I still gasped as cold water splashed over me and her. Her entire butt and groin area was soaked with cold water while she pinned me below her.

The water dripped on to me as she stared into my eyes with fierce rage when the water went warm. A stream of hot pee fell onto my body and I saw her eyes go wide.

"You're peeing!"

"I... I..I..." She gasped. Warm urine continued to fall onto my lower abdomen where it rolled between my legs and groin, it tickled slightly. I sighed as the urine kept soaking my crotch further and I felt her salty tears fall onto my cheeks. Finally the stream began to slow and we were both silent. I noticed her lips for the first time. Like the rest of her face, it was perfectly formed and had auburn lipstick on. My breathing slowed and I felt myself inclined to bend forward and kiss her. It was awkward, but it felt tingly and her tongue tasted like a cappuccino. I pulled back and stared at her in shock. "Part veela... it happens." She said getting up. "Just don't expect it to happen again." Her voice was still seductive but it held a sharp sarcasm as she grabbed the mop and quickly cleaned the rest of the room after the bucket magically filled itself back up.

The doors opened and I rushed out stunned, confused and frightened as I ran to my bed.

I hope you are pleased with the odd relationship of Sara/Rachel hitting a mile stone... and then another road block... I've lost my own certainty in the long run of there relationship though... but I'll leave that a secret

*031*2012-05-04 23:58

{{:

^////^ hooray! I was hoping to see some fear wetting from the boggart...maybe next time?

}}

Of course, that was what I planned to originally happened but I decided to hold off until later in the story

*033*2012-05-05 02:00

{{:

Seems like u like this story more than the hunger games one

}}

Its not that, but I'm a little apprehensive of Perry, I'm still thinking, plus the story is almost over anyway

*034*2012-05-05 06:18

So I have recently realized a major plot hole to the story. Rachel is in her fifth year but is in several of Sara's third year classes. So I feel lousy for doing this, but from now on she is a third year, to keep her the elder, she is fourteen and that is all. Enjoy.

I woke up the next day with a warm dampness between my legs. I sighed sadly as I stood up in my wet bra and panties and allowed Djinn to appear. He popped in and popped out with the sheets and blankets. I quickly pulled on my cheetah print undergarments and black yoga pants that hugged my toned legs seductively and a purple tank top before heading out to meet the marauders. I sighed softly as I skirted around Rachel who leaned against a wall wearing a black mini skirt with a slit up the left side and a skimpy top while twirling her hair with her left index finger and talking to Jake Harris.

She completely ignored me, much to my pleasure as I dashed out to the courtyard to meet my friends. They were all gathered in empty bleachers in the quidditch pitch. I took a seat next to Annalise while we stared out into empty space for a moment. They all had a grim look about them. Finally Lisa spoke.

"Harry is looking for you! You're in danger!" She blurted out.

"What?" I asked.

"Just go too the whommping willow tonight at eight." Cody said.

"What did he say exactly?" I asked. They simply shook their head. I sighed and decided to head up to the room of requirements. I figured I might as well train but once I got there, I found someone already in there. I walked through the doors with a w on them to find Fred setting up shop.

"Oh hey." He said smiling as he put away a box of novelties away and came over to me.

"Hey, need help studying still?" I asked.

"Yeah sure, I need some help with transfiguration. Have time to teach me?" He asked. I nodded my head and began to help him learn the difficult art of transfiguration till 7:45.

"Hey, I got a place to be. You good?" I asked. He nodded his head as he transfigured a quill into a dagger. I smiled as I left and snuck past the caretaker Goyle and jogged down to the murderous tree to find a dark silhouette beneath the strangely calmed tree. I shivered in the cool October winds as I struggled to make my way to Harry. I trembled around in the dark as I stood before him as his wand lit up, illuminating the perimeter around us.

"I... there is something sinister about this tournament. I don't know what yet for sure... but apparently an old bat of a divination teacher is write every other blue moon... I can't take you out of the tournament, trust me the turn of events are catastrophic. But... I have a lesson to teach you that may help. Legilimency and occlumency. This may be the most complicated lesson you ever learn, but it will let you know who you can trust in these dark times."

"But... the dark lord has fallen..."

"I know... I was there." He smirked softly. "But as long as light exists, there will always be darkness." He said more solemnly. "I will teach you the way I was taught. Starting with occlumency. I will attempt to penetrate your mind, you must clear your head of emotion, of though, of everything but the most primal instinct of survival and rebellion, Do not allow me to enter your mind. I'll give you a count down you brace yourself. No one else will, eventually you will have to learn to recognize when a headache is something more complicated. ten, nine eight seven..." He began to countdown. I balled my fists and cleared my head, a difficult task for a ravenclaw. I tried to focus simply on nothing, just the glow of the light of the wand. Simply seeing the image and nothing else. Fading out the countdown.

Suddenly my head burst with an overwhelming daze and my knees buckled. My legs threatened to give out, I burst out in perspiration as I tried to keep my mind clear. Suddenly images of my constant wettings flit through my mind. I felt my bladder burst at that moment. Urine trickled down my legs, as the images moved at high speeds like a montage as I tried to clear my head. More images came in, and my bladder continued to empty in my pants, the fabric seemed to ripple as urine gushed out. Suddenly images of Rachel and my humiliation, my oddly intimate moments started to burst before my eyes and suddenly I was back at the whommping willow on my knees in a puddle of urine.

"I didn't get it my first time either..." He said not bringing attention to the things he saw, or my puddle of urine. "Let's go again." He said and I tried to clear my head again as he counted down. I slowed my breathing and focused on absolutely nothing this time. Just looking into the distance at nothing at all. I felt the tell-tale pain of the legilimency. I felt my body tremble again and a spurt fall into my pants as I tried to keep my mind calm, for maybe thirty seconds nothing happened and then suddenly I was seeing myself in detention with Rachel. I clenched my teeth and cleared my head, I felt the memory hinder. It began to fray and the background flickered between the room and my current location. but finally I succumbed to the reality of my memories and more flooded in.

Finally he relented. And I passed out in his arms, exhausted from my failed attempts at Occlumency. I guess he had sneaked me into the ravenclaw common room, because when I came too I was on the blue couch in front of the fire place the next morning at dawn. I struggled to my feet and nearly crashed to the ground. I decided to take today as a time to rest. I clambered up the steps to my dormitory and stripped into my urine scented and still slightly damp panties. I threw myself on the bed and fell asleep instantly again.

I woke up around noon feeling slightly rested and sat up in bed. I sighed and decided to spend the day like a sick day and remained in bed. Doing homework and relaxing as my silver snitch fluttered in the air above me. I finally laid back on the bed and just stared at the ceiling as my snitch flew a figure eight above my head.

"So I guess you're my pet now?" I asked the odd artificial creature. Oddly enough it seemed to flutter up and down, seemingly like it was nodding yes. "Good." I said simply as I reached out with my right hand to pet nightlock, however it held out a letter I didn't notice it had. I tore it open to find that Harry requested me to another lesson at the tree again. I sighed as I thought of how the last one turned out, but when eight came around I turned up.

I stood at the tree as he made various attempts to penetrate my mind, my body trembling, more urine spilling to the ground and more images fraying as I felt myself resisting the pull. That's how the next several nights went, meeting him there every day as I progressed with my abilities as I began to slowly freeze out my emotions when I felt the pain. eventually the pain became a dull tingle as he used subtler uses of occlumency. It became harder to resist as he became subtler and more powerful attempts. But I was quickly succeeding as I became stronger and more powerful at the art of Occlumency until I took my final lesson the night before Halloween.

"Tomorrow after the Halloween feast, meet me in the astronomy tower. I will teach you a more difficult art. Legilimency." He said as I strolled to my bed. Sleepy, but beyond the exhaustion of the struggle. I still spurted a little in my panties, but over all I had mastered the art, keeping Harry out of my mind all together against his most subtle and penetrating attempts. "I haven't see such talent at this since Severus Snape. You've learned this quicker than anyone I've ever met." Harry said before disappearing beneath the willow as I headed up to my bed.

I was nearing Ravenclaw tower when I felt a jinx slam into my back. I fell to the ground, my knee became skinned with the little protection my black daisy dukes provided. I stood up and felt the spot on my back where the spell hit from beneath my cropped vest. It was sore and bruised but mostly fine. Another spell slammed into the back of my head and my ears rang and I saw doubles as I fell to my knees.

"Having fun?" Rachel spoke. I turned to face her.

"No, you little slut." I spat at her. "What is the matter with you now?"

"It's been a month since I put you in your place." She said simply in her seductive purr. I glared at her as another spell knocked me to the ground again.

"Is this how you treat all the girls you kiss?" I sneered as I reached for my wand.

"Expelliarmus!" My wand shot to her feet. "That night never happened." She said before leaving. I retrieved my wand angrily before heading up to my bed. I fell into an agitated sleep, and my dreams consisted of hitting Rachel with curses and jinxes as we dueled in Myrtle's bathroom where warm water flooded around us. I woke up the next morning in another wet bed, but at least it was Halloween.

*036*2012-05-05 16:50

{{:

Soo.... Still don't get the encounter with Rachel at the end.... She attacks her for no reason... And just walks off? I'm sorry, but that part makes no Scense to me.

}}

It's not supposed to yet. A lot of her actions aren't really supposed to till you figure out an important plot point further down the road

*037*2012-05-05 19:59

It's come to my attention that you are curious about why Rachel attacked Sara. I was hoping you would just go with it, because it is a hint at a major plot point that will occur on the final challenge. But since you probably want some sort of collateral, let's simply say she's protecting her.

I slipped on a black thong and bra before pulling over black skinny jeans and a tight blue v-neck shirt. I tossed on purple socks and my purple converse before strolling down to the great hall for breakfast. As i made my way down the grand staircase I noticed the bauxbaton girl that Rachel had impersonated. I wondered if the first time we met in the bathroom before she ran out was really her or Rachel. I thought it over for a moment before deciding it was really her, after all Rachel wouldn't have gained anything from that. I took a moment to watch her talk with her friends before awkwardly leaving to the great hall.

I took a seat at the table next to Annalise and Cody for breakfast.

"Hey champion! ready for tomorrow?" Hugo asked. I shook my head.

"What's wrong?" Lisa asked.

"Nervous I guess." I muttered as I picked at my breakfast for a moment. "I mean, the forbidden forest, all full of monsters and what not."

"It's all part of the challenge." Annalise said simply.

"I know, I know. But... they say there are werewolves in the forest." I said meekly as I took a bite of bacon.

"There might not even be anything in there at all. Maybe they clear a section of the forest out for the competition." Cody suggested.

"Yeah, that's more likely." Annalise agreed.

"The yule balls coming up... not sure how I feel about it." Hugo said, changing the subject.

"Well you're taking me, so you'll love it." Lisa said pulling Hugo's arm around her shoulders.

"Course I will." He said shaking his head no. She playfully slapped him and the conversation focused on the Yule ball. After a while I left and head out to the courtyard for some fresh air. Some reason I strolled towards the whommping willow, expecting to see Harry. I didn't, however I did see Rachel climbing in a hole at the base of it. Curious I trailed after her and found myself in a low tunnel to some unknown location. I kept my distance not trying to attract her attention, till I made the mistake of stepping on something loud and crunchy.

Her head snapped back as well as her wand and I felt a jinx slam into my chest. I slammed on to my back and lost my breath, while I tried to regain it Rachel crouched over me. Her wand pointed at my face. She bowed forward till her face was an inch from mine. "Leave now." She growled.

"Make me." I said a little immaturely as I slammed her to the ground and found myself in another grappling match with her as I tried to aim my wand at her, only to have it knocked out of the way every time, or have her maneuver out of the way. Finally I found myself pinning her my wand directed at her face.

"Leave now." She hissed.

"Or what you'll kiss me again?" I meant for it to come out sarcastically, but it sounded more breathless and charmed. I stared at her lips pathetically, so seduced by her Veela beauty that when she flipped me beneath her I was totally off guard. She had her wand beneath my chin in a second, the wooden tip pressed against my flesh. My own wand was on the ground a foot away from me, yet totally unreachable. I didn't care though, I simply stared at her auburn lips longingly. I saw her lean forward, the smell of the rich and intoxicating cappuccino breath that she constantly had sent pleasure through my senses. At the last second her lips moved off to the side to my left ear. I felt her blow into the earlobe, sending chills of pleasure down my back. My eyes fluttered when she whispered.

"Hey, just wanted to say... stupefy." She said softly and then everything went black.

I don't know how much longer it was till I woke up, but when I did, my eyes fluttered open to see Rachel's face hanging over me. Instinctively, assuming it was a dream, I kissed her. But instantly, the warm softness of her lips and the rich taste of her tongue, began to overwhelm me, letting me know it was real. Sure she just hit me with a spell, but I couldn't muster the will power to pull back. She however did and pressed me to the ground.

"I told you, no more of that." She said standing up, turning around to leave. I grabbed my wand and shoved it into her back.

"You jinxed me!" I cried. She paused calmly, turned around slowly and kissed me. I wish I could say I resisted it, but my body instantly relaxed. My body went numb and my arms hung limply at my sides as raw pleasure flowed through my veins. She paused from kissing me for a moment to speak.

"Stupefy." I once again passed out. I woke up at dusk with a full bladder. I quickly sat up and hurried to the astronomy tower to meet Harry, not then caring about Rachel. I sprinted into the castle and ran straight up to the tower to find Harry standing in the center.

"Welcome." He said simply. "This may come easier to you, or harder. This spell can be used without a wand or incantation, but I will train you with the spell. Simply direct your wand at me, say the incantation: legilimens. You must then search my mind for a thought or an emotion or something to pry open my brain so you can delve into it. Begin.

"Legilimens!" I cried. I tried to force my will into her mind, pure force and in the process I felt urine stream down my legs. I took another breath. "Legilimens." I said this time looking through his mind, while honing my own. Love. That was the emotion I allowed myself to feel, that I aimed at Harry and for a fraction of a second I saw an image of some beautiful red headed woman. Then it was gone. The night was mostly unsuccessful and by the end a puddle of urine surrounded my feet and my jeans were thoroughly soaked.

He dismissed me, giving me a compliment on the little success I managed. I thanked him and left. Instantly falling asleep in my bed, still wearing my urine soaked clothes, including my shoes that squelched when I walked from the urine that soaked into them and my socks. I fell into a comfortable sleep despite spending most of the day unconscious.

I woke up the next morning the day of the second challenge, my bed more urine soaked than I ever had it before. The yellow stain covered nearly all of the sheets and I found my entire body damp from urine I spent the night rolling in. My body itched as I stripped naked before grabbing a set of clothes. I felt to gross to through my new clothes over my moist body so I called upon Djinn. He shielded his eyes from my naked body.

"Can you apparate me to the bathroom?" I asked. He nodded his head, not looking at me directly and grabbed my bare leg and I felt my body suddenly feel compressed like I was being crushed as everything went black and my body seemed to hurtle in all directions as breathing became futile as no oxygen existed. The feeling only lasted seconds before I face planted into the damp cement of the ground. I heard a pop as Djinn disappeared. I felt my stomach lurch, but I kept my stomach and ran a bath. I quickly leaped into the warm water with colorful bubbles. I sighed in pleasure as the steamy bath relaxed and cleaned me. Rachel appeared in the bathroom. Typical.

She stripped out of her black jeans and green shirt and her silver bra and panties before dipping her naked body into the bath a few feet from me.

"What are you doing here?" I asked bitterly, swimming away.

"Oh get over yourself, its already 9:30 I'm getting read for the tournament." She said as she cleaned her body, ignoring me till just before she got out. She swam close to me like usual and I felt her breast brush against mine, I blushed and swam back. "Last chance to drop out." She said.

"You know I can't do that."

"You could not try." She offered.

"I will win." I said simply.

"No you won't." She said softly before swimming out and drying herself off before dressing and leaving. I groaned and stepped out. Drying myself with a towel and then slipped on my favorite cheetah print undergarments. I then pulled on dark blue skinny jeans that while hugged my skin tightly was enchanted to be flexible. Still it was a pain to get on and off. Then I pulled on an equally, figure hugging black v-neck t-shirt. I examined my body, I looked great. I grinned as I slipped on red converse over pink socks. I slipped on a thin navy blue jacket before rushing to breakfast. I shoved as much food in my mouth as quickly as possible before sprinting to the forbidden forest.

The note didn't specify where in the forest I had to be, but I found myself almost in a trance as I walked through the forest until I found myself amongst a crowd of all the different schools. The minister stood upon a platform with the other champions. I joined them, standing between Oliver and Rachel. I kept my posture straight my arms back and my chest forwards. I kept my chin high and my face solemn and unreadable. It was second nature after learning Occlumency.

"This tournament requires that each champion must retrieve a single flag from the center of the forest and bring it back here. There are six flags, each has a number. The number one signifies first place and so on. Begin!" Suddenly I felt myself running through the forest, in the basic area the minister said the flags were. I dodged jinxes and hexes as I forced myself to keep running, till I found myself utterly alone.

I took a moment to relax when I heard a shrill scream. I knew I was supposed to be thinking of myself, but I chased after Rachel's scream and found her trembling in front of the gruesome dementor like monster boggarts took in front of her. Her legs were shaking violently and it amazed me that her buckling knees didn't give out. Her wand was pointed at the creature.

"Ridikkuls, riddikulus, riddikkulus!" She cried trying every pronunciation to get the boggart to change form. However urine spilled into her jeans and I saw a glistening patch spread from her but down her legs as rivulets of urine raced to the ground. Streams splattered to the ground around her and pity over came me.

"Might work better without the pee running down your legs." I muttered stepping in front of her. Before the boggart could change I flicked my wand at it. "Riddikulus." I cried and the thing turned into wisps of smoke. I forced myself to laugh at it until it flit away. Another Boggart flanked me as it became a giant werewolf. I screamed as I fell onto my butt. My bladder instantly gave out as a puddle of urine gushed from beneath my butt as I scooted backwards, leaving a trail of urine.

"Riddikulus. Rictumsempra." I found myself laughing violently as the boggart left and Rachel spoke again. "Finite." I turned to see her standing there trying to look confident despite the glistening patch of urine on her legs from urine. "we're even. No more owing each other, no more kissing. We are rivals and nothing more. This was your choice. The next time I see you I won't hesitate to hex you." She said before running out of the clearing.

I gave her a couple minute lead before running after her. I found myself in the clearing with the flags, I saw Rachel disappear in the distance with the first place flag. I instantly chased after the second place when I felt my body hurl through the air. I slammed into a tree and saw Alexander take the flag and race out of the clearing. I grit my teeth and ran up to the platform. I yanked the third place flag and ran back to the clearing with the minister. I found myself running straight into Deserae and Ambyr. The both sent hexes at me, I dodged around them and saw my chance.

"Reducto!" I cried and a tree began to topple. "Carpe retractum." Suddenly a line from my wand pulled me into the branches of the falling tree. I fell towards the direction of the clearing, separating at least a hundred yards between me and the two bauxbaton champions. I took off in a run and saw Alexander just about to break from the foliage into the clearing. "Petrificus Totalus!" I meant to immobolize him but instead he reversed it and I fell to the ground, completely frozen. I heard movement and soon a concerned Oliver stood before me. He bit his lip before tossing my wand a few yards away switched his fourth place flag for my third, reversed my hex on me and broke through the clearing. I retrieved my wand and followed after him. Winning fourth place.

I hope you enjoyed this:)

*042*2012-05-06 00:06

{{:

Wow, some people are jerks, but it's a tournament. So far it's a interesting catch..

}}

I don't think they are necessarily jerks as they are just trying to win the tournament

*044*2012-05-15 18:11

Ten days later and here I am, finally posting the update:P I'm a little apprehensive of this chapter considering it includes the yule ball. I am insanely looking forward to the final challenge which will reveal answers to questions some of you had about Rachel and Sara;)

A week from the Yule ball I found myself tutoring Fred without a date. I was always considered beautiful, but since I began to constantly have accidents, most boys avoided me. Rachel however managed to find ways to cover up her few accidents she had and was surrounded with boys willing to date her. Including her date, Jake Harris. Of course Hugo and Lisa were going together and Cody asked Annalise to the ball. That was the biggest shock to me, of course Annalise was beautiful but until the third year started I had eyes for Cody. Now however Rachel had me in an emotional confusion and I wasn't sure how I felt.

"So will you?" Fred asked.

"What?" I asked embarrassed at my ignorance.

"Will you go to the Yule ball with me." He asked flustered and blushing.

I was stunned, I had never really thought of Fred as anything more than a friend but now... "Yes, yes I will." I said gleefully.

He grinned and transfigured a quill into a red rose. He held it out for me. "Doesn't really compare to your beauty." He said.

I blushed and took it politely. I smiled. "Knowing you, I expect it to squirt water in my face."

"Not this time." He chuckled. I grinned as we finished the lesson and set out to Hogsmeade to find a dress for the ball. I went into a shop and began skimming through the ball gowns as I noticed Rachel enter. I scurried out of sight, remembering the last time we talked at the second challenge. She didn't really pay much attention to anyone though. I quickly shook off my fear and began sorting through the dresses until I found an electric blue gown that I quickly went to try on.

I stripped into my purple bra and panties before slipping on the cobalt dress. I slipped out of the dressing room to check out my reflection in a mirror.

"Huh, some how bribe someone for a date. Let me guess, a chubby hufflepuff?" Rachel asked as I turned around to see the beautiful girl dressed in a black skirt and white v-neck.

"No, Fred Weasley asked me."

"George's son? Let me guess it's just a big prank?"

I frowned and looked down at my feet, which were just covered by the golden bottom of the dress. "No." I mumbled.

"Whatever you say." She purred as she brushed against my bare arm.

I sighed as I looked into the mirror for a moment and found the will to smile I looked amazing in the blue dress with gold lacing. I went back into the dressing room, switched back into my clothing and purchased the dress and left before Rachel emerged from her dressing room.

I woke up on the day of the ball in mid wetting. A stream of urine sprayed onto the mattress, leaving a warm puddle beneath my partially curled body. I sighed as I relaxed my body and let the rest of the urine soak into the mattress.

Finally I waited for all the girls to leave the room before getting up and calling Djinn to clean up my mess before I changed into a simple night gown and set out to hang around the common room till the Yule ball would begin.

Finally as my bladder began to fill we heard the announcement. I hurried up to the dorm with Annalise and stripped out of the night gown and slipped on my dress over my cheetah print undergarments. Then I slipped on my golden flats, deciding high heels would be too much of a pain.

Finally I found myself shuffling with my chest against Fred's. My bladder was filling up, but for once I was feeling pure joy as I felt Fred's body heat clash with mine as we danced through the wintery themed great hall. It wasn't till I saw Rachel that my mood crashed. She was dressed in a skimpy black dress that had several thin see through spots near intimate areas. I wondered how she managed to get it approved, nevertheless it took my breath away as my chest felt sore. I ignored it and tried to dance with Fred despite my bladder nearing its limit until he went to talk to some friends at the punch bowel after getting me some. I sipped it as I awkwardly made my way to some seats when Rachel blocked my path

"Mind allowing me a dance?" She asked with a sinister purr.

I stepped back a little confused, I glanced around the other room, there was other same sex partners, though most of them seemed to be on a friendly basis and none of them struck me as the ulterior motive driven dances Rachel proposed. None the less I couldn't resist and I wrapped my arms around here a little uneasily.

We began to sway with the music as my bladder started to give. I bit my lip as I felt a spurt soaked my panties.

"When we go into the final challenge, don't get in my way. Don't try to win, This is your final warning." She whispered in my ear as a long stream of urine leaked down my leg. Something I noticed however is that it didn't get the dress wet. I could wet myself inconspicuously as long as I didn't let too much out at once. I didn't like the thought of it, but Iet another spurt out as we danced around the room, leaving an altogether unnoticeable puddle on the floor.

"Not going to happen." I replied as another stream of urine snaked its way down my leg.

"Fine, don't hate me for this, you brought it on yourself." She flicked her wand at my crotch muttering a word I didn't quite hear and suddenly I was forced to will myself to let a forceful stream sprayed into my dress when I made an awkward step so that a stain appeared on my dress.

I gasped as my entire bladder emptied itself with my hands in my crotch and my body doubled over. The stain on the front of my dress spread from my lap to past my knees. More urine gushed down my legs and filled my shoes. Urine seeped out and splashed to the ground forming a large puddle.

I felt tears begin to stream as the entire room laughed at me including Fred. I turned and sprinted out of the room with my shoes squelching beneath me. I ran straight up to my dorm and cried myself to sleep, still dressed in my ball gown.

*046*2012-05-15 18:51

{{:

Ten days? It felt like much longer o.o I guess you got us used to very quick updates :)

Anyway, great chapter! The dance scene was very good, especially the slow leaking part.

}}

Thank you! Yeah it was a while, I was trying intending to write it Thursday but I had to study for finals:P But now that its summer, I have all the time in the world:)

*048*2012-05-15 22:02

Nothing to do till seven so I guess I'll add more to the story.

I felt Annalise shake me awake and I stared up miserably into her eyes. I felt absolutely disgusting in my urine soaked dress as I sat up and the cool moistness rubbed against my body. I sobbed softly.

"It's ok." Annalise said patting me on the back.

"No it's not!" I cried.

"Yes it is, Fred feels bad for laughing."

"He should." I said bitterly.

"You laughed at me when I wet my pants."

"What?"

"When we were eleven, I peed myself when they put the sorting hat on me. You laughed."

"I didn't know you then."

"You still laughed."

"I'm sorry."

"Good, now accept Fred's apology."

I sighed and stood up. "Fine, let me change first."

"Good, it's almost breakfast."

"I slept that long?"

"Obviously."

"Oh." I said, the feeling that my Yule ball was ruined set in. I groaned as I changed into a blue v-neck and grey skinny jeans before heading down to take a bath. I quickly ran the water and slipped into the water filled with multicolor bubbles and cleaned myself before taking my usual moment to relax. For once, no one interrupted my relaxation until I began to dress and slip out to the great hall.

"Hey Sara... I'm really sorry for not doing anything last night."

"It's ok." I muttered weakly.

"No its not, I didn't mean to-" I cut him off with a simple kiss. He stepped back and grinned sheepishly.

"See you tomorrow at the room of requirements."

"Ok." He said in a slight daze. I dashed to breakfast and quickly ate before heading off to my classes for the rest of the day.

Soon I found myself at the whomping willow with Harry. I was quickly progressing with the legilimency and was able to read Harry's mind against his moderate occlumency.

"Tonight let's try to see further, and perceive another's memories. By the end of the year I will hopefully prepare to teach you to influence others."

"What's the difference between influencing and imperio?" I asked before the lesson began..

"With the imperious curse, your will is bended and you are forced to do something, with legilimency it can either be more subtle, such as simply putting a thought in someones head. from there it can either fester and they give into it, or they can diminish it. Also while influencing someone you can change their mood, you cna't direct it at a specific person, but you can make them angry, or sad or lustful you can even send them images, either real or fictional. However there is another form of influencing I won't teach you. Possessing. It is vastly more difficult than any spell you will ever learn and is extremely dangerous. Your body becomes a shell as your will melds into the will of another and you live through their body for a limited time, however it is possible that once you return to your body, they will be nothing but a vegetable.

"Oh." I muttered stupidly and I began to try and force my way into his head, to relive his memories I saw the blur of a snitch and a few short images of him at a younger age with Ron and Hermione, but nothing else really happened other than the usual soaking of my pants.

By the time I made it to bed the other girls were asleep and I stripped naked tossing my clothes to the ground, since they were urine soaked. Also since I figured I'd wet the bed I slept nude, closing my bed curtains around me completely.

I fell into an exhausted sleep and woke up early next morning in the middle of wetting my bed. Urine soaked the sheets and warmed my naked body for quite some time as I laid in bed staring at the top of it for a while before the stream ended and a small puddle remained. I took the earliness of the morning as an advantage to avoid the girls seeing me naked and quickly put on a blue and purple plaid robe around myself before grabbing a change of clothes and heading to the bath house. I ran the water and watched as green and red bubbles filled the tub. "Oh right, today is the start of Christmas break." Everyone except the champions were allowed to go home for the break. I was stuck alone since Hugo, Lisa, Cody and Annalise were going to carry out our tradition of spending the break at the Weasley Burrow.

I sighed as I got out and dressed in thin panty hose, a black skirt that ended at my upper thigh and a long lseeved white v-neck shirt before slipping on ugg boots and leaving.

