Ginny's New Diary

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-04-09 22:18

The First Entry in the Diary:

Ginny saw Harry coming down from the boy’s dormitories, and she suddenly went quiet from talking to Susan, one of her roommates. She really could not say more than a couple of words anytime he was around, though her round eyes watched him carefully to see how well he got along with Hermoine or to see if any of the other girls were paying him any attention.

Eleven year old Ginny turn back to Susan as Harry and Ron left the dormitory, she whispered to her friend.

“So, should I try to talk to him?”

“Well, you can try, but everyone is interested in him because of last year.”

“Last year?”

“Don’t you know? Harry Potter stopped ‘He who must not be named’ again.

“Oh, yeah, I kind of heard about that from Ron. But I liked him before I even realized he was Harry.”

“Yeah, right! Everyone knows Harry. Do you really expect me to believe that?”

Ginny Shrugged. “Think what you want.”

Ginny sighed and lifted herself up from the dayroom sofa. She had been in the common area for about three hours that Saturday morning, and she was getting restless. She wondered if there was anything interesting to do, but before she’d do that, she would go to the bathroom up in the girls’ hall first.

Approaching the end of the hall, she realized that the door was shut, and when she pulled on the handle it was also locked. Someone was in there.

Ginny sighed and walked back down the stairs, Susan was waiting for her, and they started to walk through the door that lead to their room.

“Let’s go down to the grounds,” Susan suggested. “It’s nice down around the lake on a day like this.”

“Sure,” Ginny whispered though she had not had a chance to relieve herself yet. Ginny had her mind on something else, though, too. She had an old diary, by the looks of the pages, but not one page had any words in it at all. She didn’t know where it had come from because her parents had not mentioned getting her one, and she had never had one before. It was just the sort of thing her parents might surprise her with though. Still, she wasn’t sure if she should start writing in it or not. There was something ‘spooky’ about it.

After another hour, enjoying some time with Susan near the swamp, she decided it was time to get back to the castle to take care of business. “I have to go to the bathroom,” Ginny whispered to Susan not wanting anyone else that might be near to hear. “I’m going back to the castle.

“Sure,” Susan shrugged. “It’s getting close to time for me to see someone anyway. I promised.”

“Who?” Ginny asked her eyes wide not believing Susan had already had a lead on a boy that might be to her liking.

“None of your business yet,” she smiled. “I’m not sure if he’s right, so I don’t want to tell you in case he turns out to not be my match.”

“Okay,” Ginny started to walk away.

By now, the pressure in her stomach made her feel like she was carrying the swamp inside her. She walked up along the large fields as briefly as her legs could carry her. She walked along passing the old shack that Ron talked about where the friendly giant lived. Now, she was starting to walk with her thighs as close together as she could get them.

She walked up towards the greenhouses her knees locked together, her hands nervously grasping at the sides of her shirt because she wanted to put her hands between her legs, but she knew it was not very lady-like, and she didn’t want anyone to see her like that as they might start teasing her for it. She walked towards the steps that went up into the castle, and then she froze. To get up those steps, she’d have to take wider steps, which means, she’d be putting less pressure down there, and she was a little nervous she’d start leaking, but just standing there, thinking about it wasn’t helping her get any closer to a washroom either.

Ginny took a breath and placed one foot up on the first step. She sighed in relief when she realized she could stretch her foot out enough get up the step without compromising too much control she currently had over her muscles. She walked up the steps, slightly moving her butt from side to side which helped in letting her legs get wide enough apart to gain the next step without pulling her legs too far apart from each other.

Finally, at the top of the stairs, she locked her knees together again, the nervousness of having a public accident made her knees bounce against each other a bit was she walked towards the first bathroom she knew of, but then McGonagal had come out of the Great Hall.

“Ginny, just the person I need to see,” she smiled at the pupil.

“Me?” Ginny asked her voice breaking, and sweat forming on her head.

“Yes. I need to talk to you about your recent behavior concerning homework.”

“Can I go to the loo first?” she asked almost shaking.

“Ginny, you need to have this talk. Trying to delay it or put it off will only make matters worse.” McGonagal had that frown that teachers get when you are disappointing them. It was a look, that Ginny had learned from her mom and her other teachers from primary school, that meant she was going to be in trouble if she argued.

“Alright,” she sighed as she followed McGonagal to her office. McGonagal walked straight, and composed as always. She didn’t look back to see Ginny walking with her knees pressed together, nor did she see the occasional grab that Ginny made with her hand into the crotch of her jeans.

The invisible pin pricks that her nerves gave her girlhood to let her know that she was nearing the end of her losing battle told Ginny that doom was only seconds away, but she stood there bouncing a bit as she looked up at her teacher’s frowning face.

“Ginny,” the teacher sighed. “You were not lying about the bathroom, were you?”

Ginny shook her head.

“Do I have your word you’ll come straight back to talk to me if I let you go?”

She nodded fanatically, and she really meant it. She would never do something so stupid as to use this as a way to get away from the severe woman because she was sure that it would only spell disaster in the future.

“Then hurry up and go. You have three minutes.”

Ginny nodded and started towards the door, but suddenly, she felt warmed in her panties, and then it started to slip down her little legs and pool on the floor. She was wetting. She stood there at the door, bent at the waist, and continued to flood her jeans.

McGonagal sighed. She had not meant to do this to the child. She just wanted to talk to her about her missing homework assignments. She watched the child stand there and pee on her carpeted floor, and when the child had finished, she coughed from behind her.

Ginny shook as she turned around. Tears were in her eyes, and her face was grief-stricken, and sweat was pouring down her face as well as tears from her eyes. She looked so sad and helpless as she looked up her teacher expecting the most severe scolding she had ever had in her life.

“Weasley, don’t worry about it,” Came McGonagal’s reply. “It could happen to anyone, and I’m sorry I didn’t realize how bad you really had to go.”

“I’m… sorry…” she whispered slowly. Ginny just wanted to crawl into a hole and hide.

McGonagal pointed her wand at the eleven year old child, and just like that, her jeans were dry and clean, and the puddle on the floor was gone, and then she took the girl by the hand, and led her to sit in a seat next to her office desk.

“Ginny, I don’t think now is the right time to berate you about your homework, but can you promise to work on it and catch up over the weekend?”

Ginny nodded.

“Then you are free to go. I’ll be checking on you later.”

Ginny left the office as soon as she was dismissed. Facing McGonagal with what had just happened was making her more and more nervous, and she was finally glad to be back in her dorm. She ran up to the bathroom door for the girls’ rooms, but found it shut and locked again. She sighed heavily. “Why was someone always in there?”

Ginny went to her room and gathered her notes for Transformation class so she could start her homework. She would work on it, while she waited for whoever was in the bathroom.

After about half an hour, Ginny realized that no one could take that long in there. Who would do a trick like that in Griphondor? She tried the door again, but it was not coming open. She had had enough. She didn’t want to face McGonagal again, but someone had to do something about that door!

Hermoine came towards the bathroom door, and Ginny stopped her. “It’s no use. You’ll have to go down stairs to one of the other bathrooms. Ours is stuck.”

“You can’t be serious!” Hermoine said.

“I am. I’m going to tell Professor McGonagal right now about it.”

“Alright. See you later.” And Hermoine ran down the stairs and out of the dorms.

“What was up with her?” Ron tried to ask Ginny, but Ginny ignored him and walked on to find the professor to fix the problem. Ron already know of Ginny’s problems with her weak bladder, and all she needed, was for him to start getting worried in front of everyone else in the dormitory, and drawing attention to her need to have that door unstuck at night.

Hours later, Ginny was back in her common room working on her homework while a few teachers were up in the girls’ hall, trying to figure out how the door had become stuck. It wasn’t stuck by magic, so of course every any-sticking charm that they tried on it didn’t work.

“Do you think they put a permanent sticking charm on it?” one of the teachers asked the other three.

“I doubt anyone childish enough to do a prank like this would know that spell,” another teacher had said.

“What is going on with this crazy door then?”

Sir Nick came along a bit later, and he saw the teachers working on the problem.

“Don’t tell me,” he sighed. “Peeves had said something about making life difficult for the girls.”

“You mean, Peeves did this?” McGonagal screamed.

“I think so,” Nicolas said. “I’ll go get the Bloody Baron to talk with him.”

“Do you know what he did?”

“I’m not sure, but judging by how much trouble you are having getting it to budge, I think he had collected some of that Muggle stuff they call superglue and mixed it with something in Professor Snape’s office.”

“That’s going to make matters difficult since we have no idea what they put in superglue,” Flintlock looked up at McGonagal.

It was finally the end of the day, and Ginny, feeling rather bad about everything, decided to open her new journal and to start writing. She first started to write about her first week at school.

‘Dear Diary. I am Ginny Weasley, and I had the worst week ever!’

Her words disappeared, and an answer appeared. ‘Hello Ginny. I am your Diary. You had a bad week?’ it asked her in green slanted writing.

‘Yes, it was horrible! Since you seem to hide the words, does this mean anything I write in here really is private?’

‘ Yes, everything is private. Only I, your diary and you will ever know what you write here.’

‘I’m in my first year. I have had a really bad first week of school, and I’m already behind in three classes!’

‘I’m sorry to hear that. Maybe it would help you, if you talked about it some. I can never tell anyone else your secrets because I am a diary, you know?’

Ginny smiled. She thought for a moment about what she should say about the week, that might get her to feel better. She wasn’t really sure any living person could understand how overwhelmed she had felt. She spent the next three hours writing, and finally drifting off to sleep.

*003*2012-04-12 06:34

Ginny’s New Diary

Chapter Two

After spending several hours talking to her diary, Ginny was feeling good enough to finish some of her homework for McGonagal, and she completed two days of homework in one sitting. It was now nearing the early hours of the morning, and she really couldn’t keep her eyes open much longer.

Ginny climbed up to the girls’ dormitories to find the door still closed, and she sighed. They were NOT allowed out of the dormitories at night, and as far as Ginny knew, she couldn’t go up to the boy’s room, so that meant she had to go to sleep without using the bathroom as was her usual routine.

“Why did they have to have one of the most severe teachers as the head of their house? And why did she have to also be the second in charge of the entire school?” These thoughts went through Ginny’s mind as she pulled off her jeans and her top and pulled on pink cotton pajama bottoms and crawled into bed with but her sleeveless undershirt to cover her chest which was barely even developing yet.

It took Ginny a few minutes to start breathing normally in the already filled with snores room, as she tried to calm herself enough for the sleep to relax her body. Her eyes itched and though there was some worry that she couldn’t use the toilet before going to sleep, there was no point in thinking about it.

Finally, Ginny opened her eyes into the darkness of her room, and though she was sure that something was not quite right, she felt herself drifting up to her feet, and slipping on her slippers as she searched for her school robes.

The girl dreamily strolled out of her empty dorm room, down through the empty common room, and out into the corridors. Panic started to make her feel like she forgotten how to get around the new school she was at. The place was so large, and she really wanted to get to the bathroom, she could feel the pressure in her abdomen growing. She walked down the seemingly empty corridors looking for a familiar turn or some place that was at least close to a girl’s bathroom.

Panic was in her chest making it hard to breath. Her lower regions were burning with desire, and her eyes were in tears as they looked around the unfamiliar passageways. She had to find out where she was. How did she get here, anyway?

Ginny screamed into the quiet of the halls, every crack in her scream echoed back to her ears. She opened a random door, and found it, a strange looking apparatus, but something that seemed to make her think it was for peeing into. She walked over, and dropping her pants and her panties, she stepped into the soothing water. She felt like it was natural being in the warm liquid as she started to let go.

Through the night, the girls all slept in the peaceful room, and only one body seemed to shudder and to move a little restlessly as a girl’s hand slipped down inside her pajama bottoms and touched inside her pajamas at herself.

Moments later, the sleeping pants she was wearing started to darken around the crotch, then down the legs, and over the bed under her. It started out slowly, and it oozed peacefully into the night until the warm water pooled up under her back, and all over her legs. Ginny had wet the bed. That was something she had not done for the last two years, and when she would awake, trouble would surely ensue.

Waking late into the morning, Ginny noticed that no one else was in her room, and looked down at her exposed pajamas, she could tell that everyone in her room had seen what she had done. Her face felt heated, and her eyes looked in fear at the large darkened sheets that she slept on top of.

There was no way that the other four girls had missed her wet bedding, and she was really nervous. She reached for her wand at the side of her table and started to point it at her sheets, but then she was suddenly stopped by a severe looking little creature with bat-ears and a small face that was so ugly, she wasn’t sure if it was cute. It wore only a towel around its middle.

“Would the young miss be saying that Peeks doesn’t do his duties well?” the creature asked. “I is in charge of theses rooms, and if the young miss would please lets me do my job, I would assure her that I is cleaning this far better than she knows what to do.”

Ginny looked at the creature with a little squeal escaping from her breath. What in heaven was it? The Weasley family had never had a house elf.

“Don’t thinks about thing,” the creature went on as it pulled the sheets from her bed and stuffed it into some dark magical hole that had appeared from nowhere. “This is always happening to some of the misses and the masters who stay here at Hogwarts in their first year, so don’t be so upsets. It is my job to take of its, and it is my pleasure to serve the students here.”

Ginny looked down at her feet.

“If Miss can removed her soiled clothes, they will be laundered as well.”

Ginny ran behind the dressing partition that was in their room, and she changed her things throwing her dirty things out to the strange creature. Though it was quite embarrassing to do so, it was a little easier on her to get rid of the evidence. Maybe her roommates would even think they had been seeing things, if her bedding was dry when they came up without any evidence to her accident.

She came out from dressing, wearing pink jeans and a white top with wide stripes of purple and blue that went horizontally around her belly making it look as though she had a little more weight, which actually looked cute on her.

Ginny walked down the stairs to her common room with her head hanging, hoping to not meet anyone’s gaze because she was very nervous that she would see a roommate, or someone that her roommate had spoken to about the wet bed.

In the Great Hall, Ginny saw Ron and his two friends talking, and her face heated up a bit more as she caught sight of Harry who looked at her with a small wink. Even then, Harry didn’t realize that he felt a strong crush for the girl, but he did like her as Ron’s sister.

Ginny sat as far from them as possible not wanting Harry to notice that she smelled. With the girl’s toilet up there stuck and un-abled to be accessed, the only way she could get a bath was to take all her things into the common girls’ baths which was located on the first floor, and she didn’t want anyone to know that she had wet the bed except her roommates, so she was a little scared of going right away to get a bath.

Susan sat down next to her soon after she had sat down.

“Hey Susan,” she said in a low uncomfortable voice.

“Hey. What’s wrong, Ginny?” She was very bright eyed.

Ginny shrugged. She wasn’t sure if Susan was playing dumb to help her, or to make her tell everyone herself what she had done. Susan had decided to sit next to her, and she was acting like nothing had happened. Maybe she wasn’t going to tell anyone about it. But what about the other three girls?

“Can we talk in private in the room after breakfast?” Susan asked Ginny. “I have a problem, and I think you are the only one that can help me.”

Ginny nodded unsure as to what problem her friend could have. They normally shared everything, and though it had only been a week, Ginny was sure that if she had any problems at all, she would have told her by then.

Ron was not really paying her much attention, and now Harry and Ron were talking about something else. Then suddenly, there was a scream, and someone came running into the Great Hall.

“Someone has been attacked!” the student called out to everyone.

“Attacked?” Professor Dumbledore happened to be in the room eating at that time, and he stood up. “Take me to see at once. Everyone else, stay here for the moment. Minevera! Watch the students. No one leaves the hall until I come back.”

Ginny looked at the doorway waiting for Dumbledore to return. She still felt rather like sleeping, but she knew that it would be strange to return to sleep after just waking up. She didn’t know why she was so tired, unless wetting the bed had caused her to not sleep that well in the night.

“Damn,” Susan whispered to Ginny. “I was really hoping to talk to you in private, but I don’t think this should wait if they are going to take a while.”

“What’s wrong?” Ginny whispered back to her.

“You…”

Ginny gulped. Here it was. Susan was going to tell her that she couldn’t be friends with a bed wetter.

“… got up in the night and you left the room for some reason, but when you came back, you were sound asleep.”

“What?” Ginny asked not understanding what Susan was trying to say.

“You were up in the night, but you were not fully awake. You laid down in your bed again, but shortly after you did,” Susan’s face blushed. “You started to… you know,” she looked down at Ginny’s pants.

“I’m sorry,” Ginny said feeling awful.

“Sorry?” Susan asked her. “Do you usually sleep walk?”

Ginny shook her head no.

“Maybe you should tell someone.”

“I… someone… um… are you going to tell on me?” Ginny could only think about having wet the bed, and the embarrassment of having a teacher find out, let alone all the other students.

“No. I won’t tell on you.”

“Then can we drop it. I don’t want anyone to find out what I did. It’s only happened because of the locked bathroom in our hall.”

“What are you talking about?” Susan whispered to her.

“Aren’t you talking about me wetting the bed?” she asked her eyebrows raised in question.

“No! I don’t even care about that. No one in our room even cares. Robyn said something about it before we left the room, but we all agreed that things happen in our room, and it should not be anyone’s business but ours.”

Ginny breathed in relief. “So what should I have to tell?”

“About sleepwalking,” Susan whispered.

“I’m not telling anyone I left our room. If I do, someone will think I left the dorms completely because of the locked bathroom, and then I’ll get in trouble for no reason.”

Susan nodded. She could understand Ginny’s fear, though she was curious about why Ginny would leave the dorms, and yet still pee her pants. It didn’t matter, and she finally let the topic rest.

Dumbledore came back into the Great Hall, and he started giving directions for the students to all go to their houses and wait there for further directions. He didn’t look too happy, but no gave any information about who it was that was attacked, or even what really happened.

Up in the common room, the students sat around the den looking at each other, and some of them starting on their homework that they normally waited until the last minute for. Ginny and Susan also went and retrieved their own homework that they figured they would need to work on.

The students were locked in the dayroom for much of the morning, and the only toilet that worked in their dorms, was the boy’s, so many of the girls were now starting to hold themselves openly.

“Maybe you should go up to the boy’s toilets,” one of the boys suggested to a girl.

“No,” Percy looked sternly at the two involved. “If she goes up there, she will be in trouble. There are to be no boys or girls going to the opposite halls.”

“But Percy,” Fred tried to reason with him. “She’s about to pee her pants, and the girl’s room is still stuck.”

“Stuck?” Percy asked. “Why would it be stuck?”

“Peeves did something to it,” Hermoine spoke up. She was one of the girls that was bouncing a bit in her seat.

“Fine,” Percy nodded. “I’ll go up to make sure that no boys go in on the girls, and I want every girl, starting with the younger ones first, to use the toilet now, and to not bring it up for a few hours afterwards.”

The girls all formed a line, the younger girls in the front, which Meant Ginny and Susan were in the front, but Ginny really didn’t need to go right now. She looked at her brother and whispered. “What if I don’t have to go?”

“No exceptions,” he told all the girls business-like. “Even if you can’t feel anything, you either try to go now, or I won’t let you go in an hour.”

The girls all walked up the steps and towards the boy’s bathroom. The boys were all asked to let the girls go, and to stay down stairs except for Percy, who was the prefect.

Ginny guiltily went into the bathroom and tried to go, but as she knew, nothing came out. Still, she was being watched by the Girl prefect for her dorm to make sure she tried, so she squinted and tried harder. Then finally stood up and waited for the okay to leave the washroom.

Before they even got to the fourth years, there was Howler released into the dorms, and it announced that it was safe for the students to once again use the castle and to come to dinner in a couple of hours.

Ginny wrote in her diary after dinner about the strange events going on that night, and asked her Diary a few things.

‘Hi Diary. What is your actual name? You must have one, if you are a magical person that is talking to me.’

‘Such a clever girl, you are. Yes, I am Tom.’

‘So, you are really for a boy?’ Ginny wrote wondering about having talking to him so personally the day before.

‘I am a book,’ the diary responded. ‘My creator thought it would be good for someone like you to have someone to talk to, that was more like a boyfriend, so you wouldn’t worry as much about what would be said or repeated. Anyway, you know that there is never a trace of what we talk about. So what is on your mind?’

‘We just had the strangest experience. They say that there was an attack, but no one was allowed to see what really happened.’

‘This is a magic castle after all,’ the Diary said back. ‘Would you expect it to be without secrets and adventure?’

‘No.’

‘So, were you just worried about the attacks, or did you have something else on your mind?’

‘Well, there is this one thing.’

‘Tell me about it.’

‘There is this really famous boy, but he’s only one year older than me. I really like him, but my friends say it’s only because he’s famous. If he thinks that of me, then I know I won’t stand a chance to really, um… you know, find out if he likes me.’

‘Famous?’ the slanted writing lingered on the page for a moment. ‘Do you know who it is?’

‘Harry Potter,’ she wrote with a frown.

‘Forgive me, but it is the same Harry Potter that they say defeated one of the greatest wizards of all time as a baby?’

‘Yes.’

‘Well, it is true that if he is that famous, he might not notice you right away. Maybe if you do what I’ve seen work through the ages, you could have a chance with him.’

‘Really?’

‘Yes. First of all, don’t ever tell him what happened to you yesterday.’

‘Yesterday?’

‘You know, where you wet your pants. You haven’t done it again, have you? Especially where he can see?’

‘No, not where he can see.’

‘But you’ve done it?’

‘Yes. Last night in my sleep.’

‘You better get control of this problem before you ask him how he feels about you. Boys think that girls that wet themselves are babies.’

‘Really?’

‘Yes. You don’t want him to think that, right?’

‘Right.’

Ginny talked about how she felt about Harry potter for another three hours almost forgetting about dinner. She hoped that Harry would really like her, if she could just find the right way to approach him, but at the moment, the diary was telling her not to get anywhere near him if she wets because he would smell it off of her, and he might even embarrass her, if she embarrassed him by saying she liked him.

‘Oh, time for dinner,’ Ginny closed.

*005*2012-04-13 22:14

Ginny’s Diary

Chapter Three

Later that night, a couple of hours before the students were to be locked in their rooms, Ginny had been talking to ‘Tom’ again.

‘You really shouldn’t leave your diary laying under your pillow,’ the slanted green writing told her. ‘One of your roommates tried to read your stuff, but luckily, they only got to say ‘hi’ to me.’

‘Who was it?’

‘I don’t know. I told her that I knew she wasn’t Ginny, and I told her that if she was so nosy as to go poking in her friend’s stuff, then was she really a good friend?’

Ginny cursed herself on the inside knowing that if anyone read what she had been telling Tom over the last two nights, she’d be lucky to have any friends left at all.

‘So, have you been to the bathroom?’ Tom asked her.

‘No, not yet.’

‘What time it is? In my day, they were pretty strict about students staying in their dorms after dark.’

‘Yeah, they are really strict now, too. Wait, what do you mean in your day?’

‘Well, you don’t think they just made up the name Tom off of the top of their head, do you? I’m able to interact with you because I am a magical echo of what used to be. My real person, who is grown by now, had gone to Hogwarts a long time ago.’

Ginny raised her eyebrows and pouted at the diary. She wasn’t sure what it was telling her, or if it was all a lie, yet she couldn’t just put it down and not find out more.

‘Fine,’ she wrote. ‘Anyway, yeah, they are strict here.’

‘So you do want to use the bathroom, before they lock up for the night, don’t you?’

Ginny nodded and grabbed the book and walked out of the room. Students were bustling in the halls and talking happily among each other, and as she turned the corner, she saw Harry and Ron talking to Hermoine about some secret.

Ginny’s face flushed. She wanted so much to talk to Harry, but he was talking to his friends right now. It would be rude to interrupt them. Besides, she had to go to the bathroom before curfew so that she could avoid another night time accident.

She passed by the trio as they talked about the friendly groundskeeper, Hagrid. Ginny didn’t really stay around to see what they were talking about, but kept her head low and walked past them scared to make eye contact with Harry or either of them.

She darted into the bathroom, and sitting on the toilet, she sighed. She was finally alone, and in her hand, was her diary and a bewitched ever-inking quill. She opened the book as she sat, and she sighed.

‘Harry was outside the bathroom talking to Ron and Hermoine,’ she wrote in the Diary. ‘I thought I was going to faint as I walked past, but they were so interested in talking about Hagrid, they didn’t even notice me.’

‘Hagrid,’ the slanted writing responded somewhat curiously. ‘You know, he’s always liked monsters.’

‘Yeah?’ Ginny wrote back. ‘What kind of monsters did he play with when you were at school?’

‘He had this really large monster once that he got kicked out of school for.’

‘Oh, is that why he’s not allowed to do magic?’ Ginny asked.

‘Precisely.’

Ginny felt herself being pulled into the Diary. She met the young boy who had to be in at least his sixth year. And he had a kind smile. He reached out his hand towards her, and took her hands in his.

“Do you want to see something important about the groundskeeper?” Tom, a very handsome sixth year smiled at her. His charming smile was like magic, and Ginny immediately liked him.

“Yes,” she said looking down, wondering if he had taken her from the bathroom on purpose because she really had to go. “But Tom, you kind of interrupted me from using the toilet.”

“Oh, I didn’t realize that you would have opened the diary on the toilet,” the boy smiled at her. “Well, I can send you back if you are not that interested.”

“I am interested,” she blushed. “I’ll wait.”

Tom nodded and pointed at the image of himself coming up the stairs towards them. Ginny’s mouth dropped. There were two Toms now. She looked back at the real one as the other one passed them without even looking at them.

“I am so confused,” Ginny looked at him wide eyed.

“I am the diary,” Tom told her. “That Tom is the image that I took my name from, and he is going to show what Hagrid has been up to.”

Ginny gulped, and following Tom, she climbed the steps after the image. They walked into an empty room where Tom caught the backside of the bigger student, Hagrid, bustling about a cupboard.

“I’m sorry, Hagrid,” the second image of Tom was talking to the image of Hagrid. “But they might close the school. Your monster will have to be taken away.”

“You can’t be serious. Arogog wouldn’t hurt a fly,” he turned and looked Tom full in the face. “Arogog is innocent!”

Tom shook his head. He put a consoling hand on Hagrid’s shoulder as three teachers came into the room. “Please, headmaster,” the image of Tom pleaded. “Hagrid didn’t know that his pet was dangerous. Can you do anything to stop them expelling him?”

“I’m afraid there little that can be done than to have him expelled for this. His monster has killed,” the headmaster said. The man was balding and had laughing lines around his eyes, but at the moment, he looked as stern as a father correcting his child.

The images started to fade, and Ginny found herself not on the toilet where she had supposed she had last been, but waking up in her bed, her sheets and pants soaked in urine. Blushing, she looked around at her room, and found it to be the middle of the night with everyone else sleeping.

“How… Where? What am I doing here?” she asked herself wondering if she had dreamed the whole Tom encounter. She opened the diary that was still in her hand, but of course the pages were blank.

‘Tom?’ she wrote on the blank page.

‘I’m here,’ the green slanted writing appeared.

‘Your name really is Tom?’ Ginny asked.

‘Yes.’

‘So, Hagrid was really in trouble for his monster?’

‘I’m afraid so.’

Ginny looked down. She sighed and closed the diary. Then she stood up and walked to her closet to get some clean underclothes to sleep in. Even as she stood, the house elf was back and already preparing clean sheets for her.

What Ginny couldn’t understand though, was that Tom had prodded her to go to the bathroom, so why was she waking up from the dream in her bed, and all wet, if she had gone to the toilet? Surely, she had moved to her room somehow.

Ginny didn’t think too much about it though as her eyes were quite heavy, and she really wanted to go back to sleep.

The next morning, Susan shook Ginny awake, and they walked together down to breakfast.

“I was pretty worried about you last night,” Susan was telling Ginny as they walked out of the common room portal. “You really looked like you were asleep on the toilet, and I had to basically tug at your arm to get you to come to bed.”

“So, you took me to bed?” Ginny thought aloud.

“Yeah,” Susan answered thinking she was talking to her. “What I don’t understand though, is you had a lot of sleep the night before. How can you sleep so much?”

Ginny shrugged though she thought that maybe the diary’s magic had caused it when she was pulled into it like a dream. Something was off about it, but she wasn’t sure what it was. Maybe if she continued talking to the person, in the diary, he would teach her how to get Harry to like her, and she would be able to figure out what the book’s importance was. She felt like something was not quite right, but it wasn’t dangerous.

As Ginny and Susan walked into the drab gray walled dungeons to find the severe man that was dressed in a long black cloak which he used to emphasize his mysterious appearance, Ginny looked down at the floor trying to avoid the man’s alluring gaze.

“So, as you have all been in class four times already this year, I expect that every student knows the rules. You may not leave in the middle of a potion, and you will not bring unnecessary objects to this class. Your wands will be kept in your holders unless you need them for a specific step in one of the assignments I give.”

Ginny sighed. She looked up at the man from her table, waited for him to begin class.

“Turn to page three. You will find a fairly common and simple potion there. Anyone not finished with the correct concoction, will find themselves in detention this afternoon. Get started.”

Ginny started right away cutting up her roots. She would think about Tom and the diary later when she had time. Her brother had warned her that Professor Snape was not very friendly to Gyphondor, so she wanted to be very careful not to end up in detention with him.

The double hour had begun, and all the students were quietly making their potions so that they could please the dark teacher. Not many really knew what to make of Snape at the moment, and no one seemed to want to test his resolve. His dark eyes, his black cloak, and his quiet tone seemed to have a power, that was not magical in the sense of using a spell, but it was a power that even Ginny’s primary teachers had at school.

Nearly halfway into the second hour, some of the students started to finish their potions and were bringing them up a couple of students at a time, and for the most part, to only be sent back to their tables to check over their directions again. It seemed that not even of the Slythern kids could please the man, and he had called this potion simple.

Ginny looked at the color of her potion carefully to make sure it had the light pink with purple glittering tale-tale signs that it was ready as a potion. She also double checked her worksheet, that every step had been crossed off, and she checked her table once more for any forgotten ingredient or even for an unused tool. Everything seemed to be in order, but she was still quite nervous as no one had yet passed the professor’s scrutiny.

Sighing, Ginny finally took her potion to the front table, and she set it down in front of the teacher, her eyes looking at the floor, her hand shaking, and her breathing rather heavy.

“Are you alright?” Snape whispered to her.

“Yes, I think so,” Ginny replied a little uncertain.

“Do you think this potion is right?”

Ginny looked at the ground. “Why should I think I did better than anyone else?” she asked.

“I see,” Snape replied with a curl in his lips. “Well, Mrs. Weasley, it so happens that you have indeed passing in the first of acceptable potions. You may go sit and read a book quietly.”

Ginny went back to her table, not telling the professor that she though that he could at least give Griffondor one or two points for being the first to give a potion that passed his expectations.

After the class, she and Susan walked out of the class, Susan having been given detention among nearly half of the class because they had not finished the potion.

“Ron really wasn’t kidding,” Ginny told her friend.

“Ron?”

“My brother! He told me how he was towards anyone but Slythern, and how he would be really difficult to please.”

“You succeeded though,” Susan smiled at her. “Maybe you can help me learn the potion front and back in our free time, before I have to see the professor and try again,” she whispered.

“Yeah, sure,” Ginny nodded. “Right now, though, how about getting some lunch? I’m really hungry.”

“Sure.”

After lunch, and before their next class, Ginny and Susan spent all their free time getting Susan ready to pass the lesson for Professor Snape.

At the end of the day, Ginny was at dinner, and looking at her Diary, writing to Tom.

‘Hey Tom.’

‘Hey.’

‘I was meaning to talk to you! Why did I fall asleep, when I saw your vision that you wanted to show me?’

‘You just aren’t used to looking at stuff that way I guess.’

Ginny sighed, and closed the diary stuffing it into her little satchel, then she turned to the table to eat. Susan wasn’t there because she was already serving detention, and Ginny was feeling a little embarrassed to intrude on her brother and his friends.

Susan being unavailable, Ginny found herself quite bored and uninterested in doing anything but writing to ‘Tom’ in the diary, so she stood up from her place after eating very little, and she started towards the Great Hall doors, but then she ran into Ron who was by himself at the time.

“Ginny,” Ron took her arm. “Can I talk to you?”

“Sure,” she tried to pull her arm away from him.

“Over here,” he directed her into an empty classroom. His eyes fell upon hers, and she could read concern in them. He was about to get into her business, but she wasn’t sure what he was going to talk about since she didn’t think that there was anything noticeable about her appearance or any rumors yet.

“Ginny,” Ron started. “How much sleep are you getting at night?”

“Sleep?” she asked.

“Your eyes look as though you haven’t slept in a few days.”

“I went to bed. You can ask Susan,” she looked at him quite confused.

“Well, you look tired sis. And there’s another thing…”

“What?”

“Did you go to the bathroom today?”

“Why?” she was growing impatient to Ron’s bothersome intruding.

“Your jeans are a little wet on your butt.”

“Why are you looking at my butt?”

“I didn’t mean to. One of my classmates pointed at you, and said you must have sat in something or ….” Ron’s ears burned red.

“…or peed my pants?” Ginny’s eyebrows rose in a question.

“Yeah,” Ron whispered to her. “So did you wet your pants?”

“Not that badly,” Ginny truthfully stated. “I was in class, and had to go, but I waited until the class was over because you know Professor Bins doesn’t seem to ever pause, and I didn’t know when to interrupt him, and then on my way, I lost a little bit of it was all.”

“Be careful, Ginny. I don’t want anyone making fun of my sister. Just go to the bathroom next time. He’s so oblivious, he wouldn’t even notice if you left.”

“Right,” Ginny looked down. “Are you going to tell on me?”

“Who would I tell?” Ron asked her. “Mom and Dad surely wouldn’t care….”

“I don’t want mom to know.”

“Why?”

“She’ll treat me like a baby, and might even think I’m too immature to go to school,” she whispered.

“Mom wouldn’t do that!”

Ginny looked sternly at Ron.

“I won’t tell mom, okay? Just be careful because other kids can be mean, especially the Slythern kids.”

“Some kids are nice,” Ginny reminded him.

“Maybe, but I don’t know how nice they’d be to you if they found out you were doing this. You are too old, Ginny.”

Ginny blushed. Before she could really say anything more about it though, Ron put a hand on her shoulder, whispered to her to clean up, and departed the empty classroom leaving her there to think about what he had said.

Ron was always watching her. It seemed that he was always the first one in the family to ever notice when she had wet the bed before, or even when she had not made it to the bathroom after being somewhere all day with the family, and Ginny was scared to find the bathrooms on her own, and too embarrassed to ask except to her mom in secret.

She reached her hand back to her bottom and tried to feel the damage. Her butt was still pretty wet, though that had really happened at least an hour ago. If people could really tell, and she had hoped that it was hidden because she thought it was only a little leak, then it was no wonder she was getting strange looks off and on for the last hour by different people.

She felt warm heavy stinging tears collecting behind her eyeballs, and her breathing felt like it was becoming heavy and emotional. Why did she have to have bladder troubles only her second week at school? She wondered if Susan noticed at all, but Susan had not said anything at all.

Back in her room, after she had changed into clean undies and an undershirt to sleep in, she crawled into her blankets, pulled out her diary and started to write in it.

‘Hi Tom,’ she started with shaking writing.

‘Something wrong?’ the diary came back in it’s usually neat green slanted writing.

‘Yeah. My brother noticed that I wet my pants this afternoon, and he said that others saw it too.’

‘Did your crush see it?’

‘I don’t know.’

‘Well, was it something you could have avoided?’

‘I don’t think so. I was in class, and scared to ask to go because it was professor Binns. He never pauses when he lectures.’

‘Oh, that old ghost? He’s still around?’

‘Yeah. So anyway, it was only a little bit, and I thought it was hidden. I couldn’t see anything on the front of my pants at all, and between my legs, it was only partly down the thighs, not even but a few centimeters from my crotch, so I thought I was safe. I went to the bathroom before too much had come out.’

‘Well, if your brother was told by other people that you are wet, obviously they found out somehow.’

‘My butt was a little more noticeable than I thought it would be,’ Ginny blushed as she wrote this.

‘You were sitting down when you wet, why didn’t you check that first?’

‘I don’t know. I guess I was just not thinking.’

‘Maybe you should go to the school matron. She might be able to give you something for the problem or get permission to take you to see a healer to see if they can do anything for you.’

‘No point,’ Ginny wrote. ‘The Healers know what it is, but they say that I can only really do the treatments twice a year or it could have adverse effects on my body, and I just did them over the summer.’

‘So, your parents know that you are wetting the bed at least?’

‘Yeah,’ she felt her face heat up momentarily again. ‘The healers say that a part of it is that my bladder is small for my age, so it sometimes cannot keep up with my growth and activity. And they say that nervousness and excitement are common causes for someone like me to have… um… accidents.’

‘Well, I’m sorry you are having difficulties. You really need to be careful about anyone seeing you wet though, especially Slythern kids. They are the meanest, and you don’t want your crush to see you wet, or he might not like you.’

Ginny sighed. She lost herself in her Diary, writing into the night.

Several hours later, Ginny woke up, not in her bed in her dorm, but down in the bathroom. Her panties were soaked in urine, and she hadn’t even put any clothes on. She sleepily rubbed her eyes, and looked around in the dark.

“What are you doing here?” Ginny jumped at the sound of Moaning Myrtle behind her. “You wet your panties?” the ghost asked her.

“I… yeah. I guess I was going to the bathroom,” Ginny replied sheepishly and stuttering. “It’s too late now.”

“Obviously,” Myrtle smiled at her. “How old are you?”

“Eleven.”

“Okay, just checking. You should get back to your room before anyone catches you. First of all, if a teacher catches you out of bed this late, and dressed this indecently, you are sure to be in trouble. Second, if any of the other students are roaming the school… well, you wouldn’t want that embarrassment.”

Ginny nodded and started to leave the bathroom. She couldn’t understand how she had gotten there. She didn’t even feel like going to the bathroom when she remembered writing in the diary and talking to Tom. She pushed the door slightly open checking into the hall to see if it was clear. Then she walked along the corridors as quietly and stealthily as she could. She was so scared of being caught.

Finally, back in her room, she changed her unders and crawled back into her bed. She found the diary under her blankets, closed it, and put it under her pillow to sleep with it.

*007*2012-04-18 05:02

Thank you Eragonshadow. I appreciate your kind encouragement.

*008*2012-04-18 05:46

Ginny’s Diary

Ginny felt something in the pit of her stomach stirring, and she felt her thighs moving against each other as she tried to regain conscious thought of where she was. She felt as though she was not supposed to be asleep at the moment, but yet, somehow, she was just opening her eyes.

Yes, she was once again, lying in the bathroom. She tried to remember what she had done that day, but she couldn’t even remember talking to anyone. Had she gone all day sleeping in the bathroom on the floor without anyone even noticing?

Finally, Ginny sat up and looked around her. She was close to the sink, where she normally would wash her hands, or so she thought. Something wet under her bottom made her dread what she was about to discover as she slipped her hands down by her crotch to confirm that she was soaked in pee again.

Ginny shook her head, and stood up. She looked at her tired looking eyes though the mirror and as embarrassed as she was, she felt like she better go talk to Professor McGonagal about her problem. Why was she wetting her pants nearly every day now? Why was she waking up in strange places, and why was she still feeling a little tired?

Ginny noticed her diary laying open, and she looked at the empty page wondering why she had her dairy with her again. It’s not like she would normally take her diaries with her anywhere where someone would realize she was writing in it. And she kept ending up in a bathroom, but always wet despite being in there! That was probably the strangest part of her waking up from dreamless sleep.

Ginny checked the time, and realized it was still the middle of the day. She slipped out of the bathroom, her face burning red because there was no way to hide her wet pants, and she walked towards McGonnagal’s office. She was just about to knock when she heard some nervous talking from inside.

“We may have to close the school.”

“Close the school?” McGonagal had taken a sharp surprised breath of air. “And what if we never find this monster? Where will our young witches and wizards learn magic?”

“I suppose they will probably go overseas.”

Who was talking with McGonagal? Whoever it was, it was too much for Ginny to bear someone else seeing her soaked. She walked away from the door and up towards the room. On her way, several other kids pointed and laughed at her wet pants. She just looked straight ahead trying not to let it bother her.

Tears welled in her eyes though. She could just hear everyone by the next day calling her names and teasing her about it. She got into the Gryphondor room, and she saw Ron, apparently being lonely.

“Ginny?” he looked up and saw her. “Aww! Sis! What happened?”

“I don’t know,” she looked down thinking that Ron was going to go off on her or at least write home about what had happened to her.

“Come on, Ginny. Tell me. I’m your big brother. I may be a turkey to you when we are at home, but we are at school. Tell me why you wet your pants. If someone is being mean to you…!”

“Oh, it’s nothing like that,” she hurried to calm him. “I just had an accident in the bathroom.”

“Alright, well go get cleaned up, sis. If anyone is bullying your or something, you better tell me though.”

“I will, Ron. I promise.”

He nodded.

Ginny ran up the stairs, and though she was mortified that he had noticed her, she was grateful that he had not even thought about teasing her, but actually immediately assumed that someone was picking on her or something to cause it.

Ginny got some clean clothes on, and then she opened her diary.

‘Tom? I really can’t help it! I keep wetting my pants, and now, my brother and several other kids saw it.’

‘Well,’ the slanted green writing came back to her. ‘I suppose there is no way to hide it from your crush then. You can just try to avoid him, if you don’t want him to see you doing it. Have you talked to the potion’s teacher or the matron in the hospital wing?’

‘I’ll never ask the potion’s master! He’s scary,’ Ginny wrote. ‘He’d probably as soon as give me detention as give me a helpful potion.’

‘What about the hospital wing?’

‘I was thinking about that. I almost talked to McGonaggal, but she was busy talking to someone else, and I really don’t want her to see me wet either.’

‘Who is Mcgonaggal?’

‘She’s our house professor and the instructor for transmutation class. She’s kind of severe, but I think she’s fair. She’s probably kind of like my mum.’ (Mum spelled the English way because she is from England).

‘So your head of house doesn’t realize you wet your pants or the bed yet?’ Tom asked.

‘I don’t think so. But it’s strange. I woke up in the bathroom again, and I was soaked, and it wasn’t even night time. I wish I knew what was going on.’

‘I know what’s going on,’ Tom wrote back slowly. ‘The monster is escaping around the school. People are getting attacked, and you are so scared, that you can’t help it. You are wetting your pants and fainting every time you think you might see the monster.’

‘How do you know this?’ Ginny was now starting to feel a little nervous of the little black book.

‘You took me with you three times, remember? We saw the monster a few hours ago. It had attacked a boy with a camera. Don’t you remember?’

‘But why didn’t it attack me… wait! You can see what I see when I have the diary with me?’

‘Yes. I can see everything. I can see right now, that you are wearing a skirt that is purple, and a white top. I can see that your eyes are in surprise, and that your mouth is partly open.’

Ginny threw the diary on the floor, the cover of the book closing. She panted as she stared at it. How could a diary see her so clearly? What was going on? She shook and looked around her empty room. There was something wrong with the thing, and she was now wondering if she shouldn’t try to get rid of it.

