The Mushroom

Author: Marin

*000*2013-01-20 06:59

Sorry if you've seen this post under fiction before. I don't like it under fiction for some reason so I'm posting it here.

During the start of the twenty first century, Japanese scientist Mitsuyuki Ikeda developed a method for extracting proteins from feces, ultimately creating artificial steak that became known as poop burgers, turd burgers, and a number of other ridiculing names. For decades, people dismissed the idea as being unsanitary and just plain unpleasant. Additionally, the meat was worth twenty to thirty times that of typical steak. To remedy this, Mitsuyuki worked with a team of American genetic engineers to develop a more profitable way to extract the proteins. They genetically modified a kind of fungus to devour the bacteria found in feces and produce the proteins they contained. While this method proved to be far more affordable, the psychological factors lead scientists to use this meat as animal feed.

The fungus got into the meat it produced for livestock and the livestock was the first to start collapsing with meat and blood oozing from their anus. The fungus would eat away the animal flesh in addition to the feces as it produced protein from both the feces and the flesh. The disease found its way into human digestive tracks from there. The Japanese government ordered an immediate recall of produce and ordered farmers to slaughter their infected animals. Unfortunately, this didn’t remedy the problem. The livestock wasn’t properly disposed of, and the wind carried off the fungus’ spores. The fungus ultimately spread throughout the air in Japan and infected people directly from the anus. With panic spreading faster than the “bowel mushrooms” as they called it, the government resorted to a desperate tactic they called “catching the mushroom.” This meant that the Japanese government would take extreme measures to prevent the fungus from spreading any further beyond its borders.

Chapter One

My name is Anzu Kohaku. I was born here in Takahashi Japan. I have short, slick, light purple hair to match my eyes that falls to the bottom of my neck and curves slightly inward. I also have these stupid freckles on my big, puffy cheeks that my grandmother likes to pinch. Everyone always tells me they make me look cute, but I don’t like them. I’ve always been shorter than all the other students too, and I would always struggle in gym class. I’ll never be able to ask out Hiroyuki Rokou like this!

Anyway, there’s been a serious disease going around killing people. I hope it doesn’t spread to Takahashi. It’s already spread to other parts of the world. Today should be a pretty normal day at school with my friends, Kyoko and Hiroshi.

“Hi Kyoko!” I greeted. Kyoko was my best friend in the whole world. We’ve been friends since grade school. She has long, green, thick, wavy hair that falls all the way down to her lower back. Her body is amazing! The curvature of her hips, the size of her chest, and she’s 163cm tall (five foot two). I’m only 146cm, and I have a flat chest! Sometimes I wonder if I hang out with her because I like her or because I envy her! She’s had at least sixteen boy friends in her past. As for me, zero. My life stinks!

“Hi Anzu. Have you seen Hiroshi?”

“No, I haven’t seen him anywhere.”

“Oh, I hope he’s not sick or something.”

I hope he doesn’t have bowel mushrooms!

“Anyway, did you hear? The government’s going to try to stop the mushroom from spreading.”

“Yeah. I heard their covering all the school classrooms in plastic and making everyone wear these weird costumes to keep the mushroom out.”

“Really!” Kyoko rolled her eyes. “Why don’t they just evacuate everyone and do things normally for once?!”

“Are you kidding? Do you know how crowded those refugees are?! They have people sleeping on four-decker bunk beds with one foot of space between their face and the mattress. It’s like military bunk beds.”

“Yeesh! really?”

“And besides, what if you evacuate people who’ve caught the mushroom all ready? Wouldn’t it still spread? And if everyone is covered up the mushroom can’t spread to anyone else. It would be trapped inside the persons suit.”

“Yeah, I guess so. But how would you even go to the bathroom anymore?”

“I don’t know.”

Things have been getting pretty weird at the school lately with this fungus going around. What if I’m next! DX

“Anzu, don’t look now but here comes Rokou san.”

Hiroyuki Rokou?! The boy of my dreams?! The one with thick, wavey, dirty blonde hair and defined muscle tone?! The one with those luminous blue eyes who’s 171 cm tall?! The one who makes me wet myself every time I lay eyes on his angelic beauty?!

“Hi Kohaku san!” He smiled warmly at me.

“EEP! H-Hi R-Rokurou san!” I stuttered before he walked off. “Whew!”

The bell rang for class to start and my friend and I had to go separate ways.

My bladder’s starting to act up. I should probably use the toilet before I go to class, but if I’m late for sensei’s class again I’ll be suspended. I’ll just go next period.

“I have an announcement to make about the bowel mushroom before we start class this morning.” Said the sensei. He teaches biology, the most boring subject in school.

“So, is it an actual mushroom that grows out of peoples butts?” I asked. The class snickered.

“This is serious business guys. People are bleeding to death from this infection. As for your question, the fungus looks more like mold from the time of infection to death. Research shows that when depleted, the fungus dose sprout mushrooms, and that’s where the real problem arises, because mushrooms have spores that the wind caries off in the air we breathe. New fungi are born from those spores when they get consumed or come into contact with the anal area, and that brings us to our announcement. To prevent the fungus from infecting you, government officials will be coming here today with insulated walls and protective gear. In short, they’re covering everything in plastic, including your butts.

They say you don’t need to cover your mouths because the fungus can’t cultivate from there. It cultivates inside your bowels since the fungus is designed to feed off your feces. I don’t quite get how that works but prepare yourselves.” He paused for a moment. “Everyone in the community will be wearing depends and an air tight seal under their clothes from now on until further notice, including students, peers and you’re parents. The bathrooms will be sealed off by insulated walls and used as changing champers. Showers in the school will be sealed off in place of out-door portable showers, and for the home, bath tubs.”

The crowd began to buzz. “Diapers, really?!” one student retorted to another. “Why couldn’t we just sleep on those military beds!?”

“I know how disturbing it seems, but if you think about it, astronauts had to wear adult diapers in outer space during voyages. So it’s not completely out of the ordinary.

“Gee, thanks!” Another student retorted.

“It will feel very weird for the first week or two, but you’ll eventually get used to the idea. This is a matter of survival now, and we’ll do whatever it takes to deal with the global situation.”

Diapers!? How will I gain the courage to ask Hiroyuki out now?! And to think that he’ll be wearing diapers too, and my parents! This is so embarrassing! Stupid Mitsuyuki and his stupid poop burgers and his stupid mushrooms! Ooohhh! I really need the toilet now!

I couldn’t sit still. My bladder bulged at the thought of wearing diapers. I started shifting in my seat in a sad attempt to get comfortable. I kept crossing and uncrossing my legs and shifting my butt back and forth. I tried really hard to sit still, but I couldn’t concentrate on the lesson. It seemed to drag on. The clock ticked as slowly as possible just to make me mad. Only half way through class, my bladder became really full. I started rocking in my seat and pressing my hands into my crotch to stem the urge.

“Are you okay Anzu?” Someone asked me.

“Uh, y-yes, of course! Why wouldn’t I be? Hehehe! Eeep!” I through my hands down to my crotch as I felt a wet spurt of pee spit into my plain white panties and form a small dark spot. They had a sewn line that connected the panties around the groin area, you know, the standard type. Though the damage was minimal, it had begun. The lips of my girlhood felt wet and slippery., as if breaking the seal. Now I had to manage with sheer will power.

“Yeah, okay Anzu. Look, we’re all a little nervous about this whole thing. I hope this ends soon.”

Nerves, when I thought about it, I figured it was nerves.

“I hope so too!” I sighed. Nerves or no nerves, I still had to pee really badly. I felt my legs quivering from the pressure. Fifteen minutes had passed and I was double crossed. My double crossed legs bounced up and down and I rocked frantically back and forth. I could barely concentrate on my bladder, let alone the lesson. I just waited anxiously for the class to end so I could use the toilet. I couldn’t stop groaning as the pressure wined at my flood gates. Another slippery spurt leaked in my underwear. My face burned red hot from the warm, gush of liquid now leaking onto the seat through my skirt. The dark spot on my panties grew into a marble, but the stain on my skirt was as big as my ear, making my whole crotch feel damp. A tear dripped from my eye when I looked up at the clock and realized I still had thirteen minutes to go.

Three minutes had gone by and a slow, gradual stream of liquid oozed out and groped my butt cheeks. A puddle formed at the seat of my skirt bigger than a baseball, but I was stubborn. I felt wet and miserable sitting in my own toilet seat. I only hoped I could leave early enough to beat the line up at the toilets. I crammed my fists in my crotch to hold it, and I realized that it was my own weakness and fatigue that allowed spurts to come through. With every waking breath I felt myself slowly going insane. The clocked ticked exponentially slower until finally, a miracle happened. The bell rang. I sprang up from my wet seat when I was interrupted by my sensei.

“Anzu!” He shouted promptly. I froze in place with my underwear dripping urine on the floor. The class erupted into shocked laughter seeing the obvious splotch on the back of my school uniform, a green skirt with a white strip along the bottom, a white shirt and red tie. It took at least a minute it seemed for the class to settle down. “I just need a couple of minutes to finish this up okay?” He smiled warmly.

A couple minutes!? My heart sank. At that point I could barely wait two minutes if I was lucky, but I knew in my heard the line was building up at the door as we speak, and I’d have to get to my next class by the time the wait was over. I would have to sit through a whole other class like this. Tears streamed down my eyes. I sat in my puddle defeated. It took him three minutes to realize that he would need to continue the lesson tomorrow, and dismissed us.

In a panic, everyone crammed their books in their bags. I rushed out the door with false hope and saw that the dreaded line was there. I waddled to my next class and sat down in the seat with my wet skirt, looking up at the clock. I poured my entire body and soul into keeping myself from getting any soggier. I just took deep breaths and meditated during the class to calm myself down. I tried to think about other things, like my friends, and Hiroyuki, the boy of her dreams. Despite the blaring, throbbing pain in my bladder, I was able to wait a little longer. I just challenged myself to go as long as I could without checking the clock. Pretty soon I found myself at a mental sleep state.

“Anzu!”

“Huh, oh, yes sensei?”

“Pay attention, this is important.”

There goes my happy place, at least my skirt dried a little bit.

I dared to look up at the clock. Fifteen minutes. In all that time, only fifteen minutes had passed. I felt my crotch lips spazing out as they spilt drop after drop into the seat. My panties were soaked to the bone by now. I quivered at the warm slippery feeling of pee drenching the bottom of my skirt. I forced my fist into my crotch and managed to stem the flow. By that time the puddle had grown to the size of a basketball, easy. I crushed my vagina in the clench of my fist until it hurt, but it was the only thing pinching off the flow. The front of my skirt got wet from the panties underneath. I just had to hold it until the end of class.

I began to shiver and sweat. My body grew cold. My mind began to go numb. I squirmed in my seat like an angry eel in a pot of boiling water. My butt squirmed in my wet seat and my legs rubbed hard against each other, shifting left and right, up and down, all around. There was no rhyme or reason to my patterns at that point. I just squarmed randomly as the pressure pressed hard enough to compete with the clutch of my hands. Another long squirt slipped through my skirt and past my fingers. I checked the clock at least every five minutes, if I was lucky, then soon I started checking the clock every thirty seconds. I still had twenty four minutes to go till the end of class. To make matters worse, I felt pressure coming from my bowels. It couldn’t get any worse.

“Anzu. You think you can help me solve this? I always forget how to cross cancel here.” I froze.

“Anzu, can you come up and help me solve this?”

Tears started to flood my eyes. I quivered with desperation and I felt a sudden, long stream of pee leak before I got a grip again. The puddle started to peak out from under my skirt. “No sensei!” I cried. “I can’t!”

“Why not?” She puzzled.

I paused for a long time with my face all but catching fire. “I need the toilet!”

“Toilet, why didn’t you say so!? Go, hurry before you have an accident!” My brain just about blew a fuse. Why didn’t I just ask!???? Without a moments delay, I tried to stand up, but the rock hard pressure in my bladder forbade me to move. The class stared in awe as they watched. “I can’t move!” I cried.

“Uh oh! Marcy?” She looked over at a Swedish transfer student. “Can you help her get to the toilet?”

“Yeah!” She promptly got up and rushed over to my rescue, but I couldn’t move. She was the thinnest, lankiest, most flat chested girl in the school, even more flat chested than me, but slightly taller too. She had a bright, highlight blond ponytail braided down to her upper back. She tried to hoist me out of my seat. “STOP STOP, Stop! It’s gunna!” I groaned and whimpered. A powerful, audible jet of urine shot through my fingers and the puddle became more visible. My fragile tissue hung on by a mere pinky. She quickly shot her hand under my butt and lifted me up without breaking a sweat. She felt short, spazmic jets shooting agains her hand and ran out of the room with me in one hand, opening the door with the other. I couldn’t believe this was happening to me.

She put me down and let me stand on my own. She saw short strings of pee spill from under my sopping wet skirt while I still had my hands rammed in the hole. “Uh, oh! You think you’re going to make it?”

“I don’t…”

“Just hold it a little longer, we’re almost there okay?” Without saying a word, I let her drag me across the hall way, holding one of my hands. I got a grip and managed to hold it in until we got around the corner, but my heart started pounding when I heard activity going on where the toilets were. My pupils dilated. The government officials had already come to seal up the bathrooms with insulated, plastic walls, and I didn’t even have a diaper yet. It crushed me. I stood in the hallway next to Marcy and let the pee spray into the ground. It flooded my panties completely. A wet splotch crept down the front of my skirt and my pee spilt into the ground below, flowing down my legs and flooding my black, slip-on shoes and short white socks. I sobbed openly in the hallway while Marcy looked away to give me privacy.

“Don’t worry about it.” She perked while urine flooded my butt with wet stickiness and flooded my entire spine with putrid shame. I collapsed into my own mess and buried my face in my hands. I wanted to die. I wanted someone to just shoot me with a tranquilizer, or better yet, a bullet. I wanted to puke.

“Hey hey hey! Cripes, it’s not that big-a-deal! I peed my pants in the car once!” I tried to calm down a little as I hiced.

“Hey, if it makes you feel any better, I’ll join you.”

I was at a loss for words, so I didn’t say anything. She pinched her skirt between her legs and stood there for a minute or two before I noticed pee trickling down her legs and a splotch sprawling over the front and back of her skirt. Marcy’s pee sprinkled into the floor and added to my puddle, making her socks wet too.

The government officials took notice and tried not to stare until their boss out-right smacked them upside the head. “Get to work!” He scolded.

Marcy and I took notice. I don’t know what kind of magic possessed me all of a sudden, but suddenly all my shame just went down the drain.

“See? It’s no big deal. Me and my friends do it all the time when we play spin the bottle.” Marcy fixed her skirt as I stood up to give her a hug. I pulled her tightly against my body. Pee dripped from both our skirts into the enlarged, rippling puddle below. Her wet skirt pressed against my wet skirt and I embraced her. “Thank you.” I sniveled.

“Don’t mention it. Now let’s go get cleaned up.” We walked off hand in hand like best friends down to the locker rooms where we’d fetch our gym uniforms.

*001*2013-01-21 02:25

I'll be posting the next chapter soon so stay tune, leave feed back, tell your friends, tell your enemies, tell your mom, tell your dad, tell your sister, tell your brother, tell your uncle, start a threatening chain message. (Just kidding, don't start any threatening chain messages. I will personally hunt you down and frown at you.) But seriously, feed back always helps. :)

*003*2013-01-21 04:31

Ha XD. You live in Scotland? :l Funny thing. The next chapter talks about new school uniforms that were designed in Scotland. That's actually pretty significant. No wait, I think it was Poland actually. Sorry. lol Anyway, Here's the next chapter. I just finished it.

Warning, this chapter contains male and female defecation. I'll warn you ahead of time so enjoy.

Chapter Two

Marcy and I made our way to the locker rooms to get our spare clothes. Pee sloshed around in my shoe at every step I took and we left a long trail of wet foot prints behind us. When we saw a police tape blocking the way, we saw some officials across the hallway and tried to get their attention. We didn’t have to try that hard though since our green skirts were dripping wet.

“Can we come over for a sec? We just need to get our gym uniforms!” Marcy asked. I was still a little shaken up though, so I stayed quiet. The worker came over to talk to us. I hid myself behind her a little.

“Are you girls all right?” He puzzled.

“Can we come over and get our gym uniforms?”

"Yeah, of course. Follow me.” He wore a full body, plastic uniform that looked almost like a space suit. At least he’s protected from the mushroom! We cocked inwardly.

"So where's your locker?"

“Mine is E29.” I replied.

“Mine’s right here.” Marcy pointed.

“Watch your step now, don’t step on those tubes whatever you do.”

Marcy worked her locker with minimal difficulty and pulled out her gym uniform, then the man took us down to get my clothes. “You girls want a bag? I can find one in the back for you if you want.”

“That would be great, thanks.” Marcy replied.

“And you probably want somewhere to change too, right?”

"Nah, we can change on the roof.”

“Ha! Right. Unfortunately those bloomers of yours won’t cover you up very well when we have to get those seals on you.”

“Seals, you mean those…” I trailed off.

“The insulation, to protect you girls from that fungus. Did your teachers give you the heads up yet?”

“Uh, yeah.”

“I know, it’s weird.”

I grabbed my uniform and he took us to a secluded, open part of the bathroom they covered in plastic. I didn’t even recognize it anymore.

“These girls need some privacy if that’s all right!”

“What are they doing in the, oh! Sorry.” He apologized politely. “If you want, you can be the first to try on your big girl pants.”He waved some cloth and a diaper around in front of us.

“I-it’s okay. We’ll try them on later.”

He just burst up laughing. “All right then. See you in twenty minutes.”

Twenty minutes? The guys led us into the stall, which was covered in plastic. Floors, walls, ceiling, everything was covered. Even the toilets were covered. It was like being inside some weird, balloon thing. The teacher’s weren't kidding when they said the toilets wouldn't be used. They guys gave us some bags to put our wet clothes in and stood off to the side. The stalls didn't have anything that resembled doors so we had to change in the open. I slid down my skirt and panties and put them in the bag. My legs sparkled from wetness. My panties were drenched on the bottom where I sat on it. The front side looked pretty soaked too, riding half way up to the band, clear and obvious. My skirt, of course, was wet from front to back.

I used the dry part of my skirt to dry off my bare legs. I took off my shoes to pour the pee out into the bag he gave me. I dried my feet off with the skirt, through my wet clothes into the bag and tied it up. It wasn't exactly a grocery bag with handles so it made a really big, bulking knot. Finally, I pulled up my green bloomers and changed my shirt, just so I had a complete set. Marcy and I came out of our stalls with our bloomers and bags and bit the guys “good by”. We had ten minutes left of class by the time we got back. We saw janitors over there mopping up our mess. My face blared red as they saw two girls coming down the hall way with their gym uniforms on carrying plastic bags.

“Sorry guys!” Marcy perked at them, just to make matters worse for me. I really wish she wouldn’t attract so much attention to herself.

“Don’t worry about it girls. We’ll take care of it.”

“Thank you!” It was so embarrassing coming into class with bloomers, and bags! Everyone stared at us on our way in, but they particularly stared at Marcy. What was she doing in bloomers carrying a plastic bag of wet clothes? She didn’t have to go near as badly as me did she?

“Marcy?” The teacher puzzled. “What happened to you?”

“The bathrooms are officially sealed off.” She replied.

“Oh, I’m sorry. So you didn’t make it either huh?” She turned over to me. I just covered my red, freckled face with my hands and grieved. “I’m sorry girls. Well, you’ll be given all new uniforms next period to fit casually around your depends so It won’t be too long.”

I noticed a small twitch in my bowels that moment and realized I wasn’t wearing any underwear under my bloomers. My bloomers revealed more details about my butt crack and privates then I wanted it to. It felt like the cloth was groping me. Anyone could notice the details if they looked. I pulled my shirt down as far as it would go, as if it would help. I noticed my parts weren’t as dry as they could be either, so it made a fine, dark line on my bloomers. Marcy let her parts hang out as she sat in her seat. Every boy in the classroom, and some girls, eyed me for the remainder of the class period.

Thankfully the bell rang and we made our way to our next class. On the way to history, I bumped into Hiroyuki Rokou. “H-hi Rokou san!” I could never greet him properly. He stopped to greet me back.

“Are you going to Gym?” He asked.

“O-of course!”

“Ah, well gym is that way.”

“Oh, right. Um, thanks.” It was a stupid thing for me to say, of course the gym was in the other direction, where Hiroyuki had to walk! I had to walk with him, still carrying my plastic bag. Good grief!

“What’s that?” He asked.

“Mylunch!!” I replied promptly. “It must have gotten soggy in the car.”

“Okay.” He replied, but there was a suspicious tone in his voice. What if he’s on to me?! What if he finds out!? Looking back, either he saw the clothes in my bag, or I smelled funky at the time. Probably both. My pee did stink pretty bad when I wet myself in the hall way.

“You don’t have gym next period do you?” He smirked.

“Of course I do! I’ll prove it to you!” I yelled at him. I ran off to gym class and slammed the door behind me, leading outside. Unfortunately, that wasn’t the right exit either.

“Honestly Hiroyuki!” A shapely girl rubbed her forehead at him.

“What, it’s pretty obvious isn’t it? She’s carrying her wet clothes around and she smells like my grandmother.”

“Insecure and naïve girls 101, never state the obvious.”

I waited for Hiroyuki to pass by the hallway so I could head to my next class. Sweat built up under my purple bangs.

“Hi Anzu!” I heard a male voice call out from behind me. I jumped out of my skin and turned around to see a familiar set of flaming orange hair that stuck out all over the place and a pair of red eyes. “Oh, hi Hiroshi.”

“Hi, are you okay?”

“I’m okay.” My eyes trailed off.

“Why are you wearing your gym uniform? Did you pee your pants or something?”

“No!! I was just on my way to, uh, gym?”

“Kyoko and I both know you have history this period!”

“W-w-w-well I-I-I-I h-had a schedule change! Yeah, that’s it! Hehehehe!”

“You’re not hiding anything Anzu! Look, we’re just a bit freaked out about this whole mushroom thing. It’ll pass soon enough.”

“What makes you say that?”

“They’ll figure something out. They always do.”

“Are you sure?”

“Guaranteed!” He smiled with confidence, revealing his missing tooth and shot me a thumbs up. He always knew how to cheer a girl up, but the mushroom still bothered me. What if the wind blew over before we got our diapers on? Oh, that’s the other thing I should explain. The “wind” in context referred to the mushroom’s seeds that the wind carried. You see, the fungus spread through the air so the only way to stay safe was to… wear air-tight diapers.

I went inside as soon as I saw Hiroyuki pass through the hallway and said goodbye to Hiroshi. Next class was History, like Hiroshi mentioned. I loved my sensei from History class. She was always so funny and full of energy.

“GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD Morning class!”

“Good morning.” Everyone greeted, including me.

“Everyone take a seat, quickly! We have a lot to do today and so little time to do it!” Everyone seated themselves and awaited further instruction. “Now everybody get up! It’s time to try on our new uniforms!” She cheered.

The class laughed as they stood up to follow her out the door. People’s hearts started pounding when they realized what their uniforms would probably be. Sensei lead us outside where a man in a plastic suite waited to explain things in detail. The whole school was outside to listen.

“Good morning everyone!” The crowd stirred a little. “First of all, thank you for being mature about this. This is really the last thing we would want to do, but desperate times call for desperate measures.”

Speaking of desperate, Hiroshi had been holding in a load since yesterday and his bowels were churning. He had his hands around his stomach as he hunched slightly over, The pressure felt like a weight in his abdomen. He could drop it at any moment. My bowels were acting up too. My bloomers began to ride up my cracks as I squirmed a little. Marcy didn’t have too much luck either with her bowels, but she had some time.

“So here’s what we’ll do from now on. You’ll be asked to use depends when you need the toilet, obviously. I’m sure you’re teachers already went over that with you. Now the real protection comes from this.” He held out a thin, pare of plastic, transparent shorts with thousands of tiny, stiff, metallic strips for infrastructure and reinforcement, for reasons we didn’t know. The waist band was a thick, metallic belt with a compact lock on it. There were two similar strap-locks around the pant legs that made it complete. In another hand, he held a rubbery pare of short shorts. “These, ladies and gentlemen, will make your butt airtight and keep out the fungus. They will be taken on and off by professional assistance in order to assure that the pants stay airtight. Do not try to put them on or off by yourself. Do not try to tug on them or let any air in. If it starts to get stuffy let a professional know. The idea is to keep the air OUT.”

I felt the pressure increase in my bowels as he spoke. Hiroshi felt his starting to force its way into his briefs, but he held it in.

“The ones we’ll be giving you won’t be nearly this ugly. There’ll be a pair of boxers mounted on the men’s depends,” He mused. “and shorts for the ladies to wear under their skirts, which will be elongated.” Next he took out some school uniforms. The men’s uniform looked just about the same as the ones we had. They had long, black sleeves, black, long pant, black everything. The main difference was that these shirts were longer and fanned slightly outwards to complement their hips, falling to their knees. Their pants were a lot baggier looking too.

In his other hand he held the girl’s uniforms. It was an entirely different design then our current ones, but it was a heck of a lot better than wearing bloomers in class. They were light blue with a white strip around the bottom, just like ours, but the shirt was completely white with a red tie. Like he said, the skirt was elongated, almost twice the size of our old skirts, and much frillier. It was mounted onto a pair of blue shorts, which was mounted onto the butt-cage balloon, as we later called it.

Skirts mounted onto underlying shorts!? What a concept! Every girl in the entire field thought to herself. Why didn’t anyone thing of this before, after generations of going up the stairs and crossing overhangs!? Or did they!? Girls began to question their social status in Japanese society. I certainly did. Come to think of it, there were a lot of overhangs and stair cases in schools too. Could it be because of the population, or were they just subconscious, male factors?

My bowels were really starting to bug me. I pressed my cheeks together and fixed the weggie on my bloomers. Kyoko felt a slight urge to pee.

“These new uniforms are made to fit more nicely around your butt so it won’t look so awkward. There actually quite stylish. They were made by designers in Poland about your age.”

Poland? I thought. Okay, there’s definitely something up with our society. Kyoko hopped from foot to foot. My friend Hiroshi felt a log begin to poke it’s head out. He squeezed his butt together to keep from dropping his load.

“Today, you’ll start out by getting fitted into your protective gear. By lunch time, you can report back here if you’re interested in a little education on the fungus. I highly recommend it, in fact, the first ten minutes are mandatory. Continue you’re classes for now and you’ll be called up to rooms c123 through c131, aka, the has-been bathrooms. There you will receive your uniforms, protective gear, and details on daily routine. If you have to go to the bathroom in the meantime, we’re providing port-a-potties. Ask your teachers to go. That’s all. No go learn something!” He concluded. “And no, the wind has not blown over your province yet, because if it had, we wouldn’t be giving you protective gear, we would be giving you intensive treatment involving injecting acid in your butt hole. Be thankful you’re not passing acid. Okay, that’s all.” We were brought back to our classes. I asked my sensei if I could go to the bathroom.

“No!” She scolded. “We have lots of work to do!”

“Y-yes sensei!” I replied.

“You’re so cute when you’re gullible!” She laughed and ruffled my bowel-shaped purple hair. “Yes, you can go to the bathroom.” She smiled. “Just don’t go in your pants yet.”

“Gee, thanks.” I retorted.

Meanwhile, Hiroshi hobbled over to the port-a-potties with his legs quivering. [start of male defecation] He felt one wave after another hit him, and he dropped a marble in his pants. Blushing profusely, he made his way to the lineups that formed at the doors. He tapped his stomped his feet on the ground and groaned. He crouched as the load weighed him down.

“You wanna cut in front of me?” A girl asked him with the softest, sweetest voice.

He didn’t delay for one second. He seized the spot in front of her, with three people in front of him to wait for. “Thanks. Nngh!” Suddenly, a log slipped out and dropped into his briefs.

“C-can he cut you guys, he’s really trying hard to hold it in.” That same girl requested the students in front of him.

“Uh, yeah, sure.” They agreed. He was at the front of the line, but there was just one more person to wait for. He pounded on the door and begged while he hopped from foot to foot. “Jesus Christ, let me in! I’m going to shit my pants in a second!”

“I’m sorry!” A cute voice replied. “I’ll just be a minute.”

“Hurry!” He groaned. He dropped another load into his pants and it started to expand outward. He pulled his shirt over it to hide it while a snake started slithering out.

“Jesus, hurry!!”

“I’m going as fast as I can! Geez! You sound like my brother!”

“You sound like my sister!! I’m messing myself here!!”

“Okay okay, I’m coming!!” It was too late. He had completely lost control of his sphincter and he loaded his pants with rancid mud. “Shit, shit, shit, shit!”

“I’m out, I’m out!” The door busted open and out cam Marcy. “I didn't even finish.”

He pushed right past her and locked the door behind him. “You’re welcome!” She retorted, but then she sniffed the air and plugged her nose. The other’s in the line followed suit. “Holly shit dude, did you shit yourself!?”

“I’ve had enough shit for today, thank you!” He replied. Hiroshi pulled down his pants very carefully to reveal his white bulking briefs. He held it up to keep it from spilling in the wrong place and dropped his load in the toilet. Hiroshi found it difficult to wipe himself completely since the poop had mashed around in his pants and smeared against his cheeks. He went through at least twenty sheets of paper to fully clean himself, and another twenty or more to clean the inside of his briefs. He placed some toilet paper inside his man panties to keep his dirty underwear from rubbing against his skin again and pulled it up. A little bit of toilet paper hung outside the edges of his briefs as he pulled his pant up. [End of male defecation]

“Are you coming out soon?” The sweet girl said. “I really gatta go!”

“Yeah yeah, I’m coming!” He stepped out smelling funky for the rest of the day.

I waited in line for the toilet, bouncing up and down with pressure in my abdomen. Finally the door opened and I rushed right in. I promptly lifted the toilet seat to find pee on the rim. “Thanks for cleaning up after yourself you pig!” I scolded. [start of female defecation] I quickly took some toilet paper off the walls to wipe up the mess while I did a potty dance in the port-a-potty. I felt the snake begin to slip out and I caught it just in time, but now my hands were preoccupied. My face flushed red at what I was about to do, but I swallowed my pride and relaxed my mind.

“Un, excuse me! Could someone come in and help me?” I quivered. A snake slipped into my bloomers. “Hurry!!”

“I’m coming in.” Said a girl with pink, long hair and green eyes. When she tried the door, it was locked.

“Ooohh!” I moaned.

“Are you going to be okay?” She asked.

“Nooo!!” I whimpered.

“Un lock the door for me and I’ll come in and help you!”

“I can’t!!”

“It’s okay, just go in your pants then.”

“Okay I’m unlocking it, I’m unlocking it!” I pressed as hard as I could to push the load back up, just long enough to take my hands away. I unlocked the door and my hands went right back down to my butt. It was so embarrassing asking someone to help me, but I didn’t know what else to do. I already had a lump in my bloomers. The girl came in and locked the door behind her.

“What’s the problem?”

“The toilet, I need you to cover it up with toilet paper! Pleas hurry!”

“S-seriously! Is THAT what’s holding you up?”

“Hurry!!” Another long snake loaded my bloomers and they began to bulge and sag. The girl frantically covered the seat in toilet paper while I was completely losing my grip. My sphincter gave in and the muck just spilt into my bloomers.

“There, go!!” The girl said. I quickly pulled down my bloomers and finished my business in the toilet. The mess flowed into the hole like tooth paste through my anus for almost a half a minute. I started to cry from the mess I already made in my bloomers.

“It’s okay!” She patted my back. “You made it, for the most part.”

“That’s the second time today!” I cried. “I don’t have anything else to change into!” When I finished and wiped myself, she dumped out my mess for me and wiped up the inside of my bloomers with toilet paper to the best of her ability. We took up to fifteen minutes to come out, making the other students mad at us. [End of female defecation]

“Whew! That was close!” I heard Kyoko say from the next door port-a-potty. I was not going to enjoy wearing diapers.

That's the end of Chapter two. So yeah, it was the Polish who designed the new uniforms. Again, pleas leave feed back. Feed back helps. It's also very tasty. :p

*004*2013-01-24 02:55

I see I'm still getting viewers! :) No I didn't forget about it I've just been really busy with homework. (I slacked off. :() I'll catch up soon enough. Hopefully I'll be able to upload the next chapter this weekend.

Let me know what you like about it and how I can improve. It'll improve my writing skills for you guys. Also, do you appreciate the defecation head's up I give or dose it ruin the story for you? I'll think of a better way to for-warn some people.

*005*2013-01-31 06:45

I finally got the third chapter finished, I stayed up way too late though.

Quick review.

The protagonist, Anzu Kohaku, is short, skinny and fairly flat chested, but she still has a little shape. She has short, bowel shaped, purple hair, puffy cheeks and freckles. Her two best friends are Hiroshi and Kyoko, and she's in love with Hiroyoshi Rokou, a lean, muscular, blue eyed stud with thick, wavy blond hair. A Fungus was genetically engineered to extract protein from human feces, but it infected humans and live stock from the anus and proved to be a deadly infection. In a desperate attempt to seize the infection at it's boarders, the Japanese government is making it's people wear airtight diapers to keep the infection out and creating plastic insulation inside the bathrooms for experts to change them in.

Anzu has to use the toilet during class, so her teacher allows her to go with a student escort, but when she gets to the bathroom to find it covered in plastic, she wets herself on the spot. To make her feel better, Marcy, her escort, wets herself deliberately. They both change into their gym uniforms and head outside for an assembly that explains the new daily routines regarding diapers and the new uniforms to go with them. After the assembly, Anzu tries to make it to the port-a-potties that were provided as a temporary substitute for the school bathrooms, having to go number two. She soils herself before she can get her bloomers down with the help of a student. Her friend, Hrioshi, finds himself soiling his briefs before he can even get inside the port-a-potty.

And now, for our featured presentation! lol

Chapter 3

I was in history class waiting to be called up for my uniform so I could change out of my sticky bloomers. I swear if they didn’t call me up soon I’d get a diaper rash before I even got a diaper.

“Takashi Tsucasa, report to c122.” The intercom requested. “Shizuki Akira, report to c125; Naoki Reiki, to c 127” The intercom went on like that for the rest of the day every ten minutes. I don’t remember the actual names or room numbers but I know they were a lot more organized then that. They called out six boys to one bathroom at a time, times the four or five other bathrooms we had in the school which had varying amounts of stalls to change in. They called out boys in order from c123 to c131, then the girls in order from c122 to 130. The girls bathrooms were all even numbered rooms, and the boys obviously had the odd ones. They also called students up in alphabetical order. They had all their numbers strait. They had too, there were billions of people they had to diaper with only a limited amount of human resources.

Teachers didn’t really get any quality teaching in with the intercom rambling all day. My bloomers felt miserable to sit in. I wish I would have put some toilet paper in them or something, because it was starting to sweat and itch. To make matters worse, the boy who sat next to me was a snob. If he noticed something funky, like my smell, he didn’t hold back.

“Dude, why do you smell like shit?”

“Shut up Noboru!” I snapped.

“Did you shit your pants or something?”

“Shut your mouth!”

“You did, didn’t you!? It smells funky!”

“Would you shut up! You’re so stupid

Noboru!” I slammed my hand on the table.

“Anzu! Pay attention!”

“But he…”

“Anzu, I will not ask you again.”

I took a deep breath as quietly as I could so she didn’t accuse me of huffing at her. Her name was Nori sensei.

“Anzu, Anzu.” Noboru tried to get my attention, but I tried to ignore him. “Anzu!”

“Anzu, stop talking to your friends and pay attention.” Her tone grew impatient with me.

“I’m not!” I protested.

“Quiet!” She scolded. “If you keep this up

I’ll send you to the office!”

“I’ll just go!” I surrendered. I knew

Noboru and Nori sensei well enough to know better, and I didn’t want to listen to her yell at me anymore.

“Fine!” Nori sensei pouted. “You can just wait till the end of the day to get your uniform!”

“What!?”

“To the office.”

“But what was I supposed to…”

“Now, Anzu!!” I stormed off and slammed the door behind me as hard as I could with rage flaring in my chest. My eyes grew moist as I tried to hold back tears of frustration. Teachers were supposed to get fired for raising their voice like that, but staff members never took claims seriously, obviously because they abused the privilege.

Meanwhile I sat in the principal’s office trying not to cry again. I’d been crying a lot lately over a lot of things.

Well, not really. I had two accidents in a row, we were all doomed to wear diapers and my teacher was being impossible! And worse, I couldn’t get changed until the end of the day! Who does she think she is anyway!? I couldn’t stand sitting in my sticky bloomers anymore. My butt was soggy and raw from sitting in my own pee for over a half an hour and now this!

“What happened?” The principal asked me.

“I robbed the bank and killed my family and gutted them for dinner!” I pouted.

“Calm down!” He chuckled. “You’re human, humans make mistakes.”

“Noboru wouldn’t stop talking to me and sensei thinks it’s my fault!” My voice started breaking up.

“Nori!” He said aloud.

“She said I can’t change until the end of the day” I cried. “and I havn’t been able to change my pants all day! I didn’t make it to the bathroom and now…” My voice locked up.

“That’s it, Nori’s fired.” He threw his hands up in the air.

“Why, what did she do?” I was relieved to hear that the principal was having as many problems with Nori sensei as I was. It was delicious to see her getting in trouble for once. Principal Hinata made his way to that class room where she taught her class.

Earlier that day, when I stormed out the door, Nori sensei continued her lesson on world war two, but she was interrupted by a student “Hey Nori sensei?”

“Yes Hideyoshi?”

“Why are you such an ass hole?” Her face went blank.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t quite catch that.”

She chuckled sweetly.

“Ass… hole!” The class could see it in her face, but then a dirty thought came to their mind regarding the principals policies towards teachers. “And a butt-fucking duck spooner.” Another student smirked.

“And a baby raping…”

“That’s enough!!” She shrieked.

“You’re also a…”

“Kristine!!” She called out to a Swedish student. Her face exploded with rage as her voice surely carried out through the hallways.

“Kiss my ass Nori!”

“E-excuse me!!”

“Go F**k yourself Nori san!” As the class began to sing a colorful chorus of horrendous language for her she marched over, grabbed the ruler and started hammering it onto her desk to get the classes attention until it splintered, and she hammered it further as the splinters of wood flew across the class. The class went dead silent in shock.

“Listen to me you brats!!” She shrieked. Her voice echoed in the hallway.

“Chill man.” A bold student remarked.

“What!!”

“Nori chan!” She heard the voice of the principal standing by the door. I hid behind him for coverage. I’ve never been so scared in my life when I saw the burning rage in her face. Students looked at me like some sort of tattle tale. “First off, you have no authority to determine when students receive their mandatory uniforms under the governments orders. Secondly, those rulers cost the school a hundred yen each.” Her heart sank, but she didn’t dare dispute him. “I’m afraid I have to let you go.” He announced.

I felt a twinge in my bladder as I merely trembled from her rage I heard in the hallway. I bent my legs inward. I also drank a lot of fluids that morning. With a tear in her eye, Nori sensei left the room.

“And as for you students” He glared at them. “If I ever hear that kind of language again I’ll skin you alive.” The principal snickered a little. “It was pretty funny though!” Nori sensei couldn’t believe what she was hearing from down the hall way. “Nori chan, huh!?” She snorted. “Anzu Kohaku, report to c126.” I heard them say on the intercom. Great, I would be the first student in my class to walk in with a new uniform, and a… well.

So I got up and left to c124 like she said. I couldn’t believe I was the first student in my class to be called up.

Then again, Anzu is pretty close to the first letter of the alphabet, unless they were going by last names. They must have been going by first names because that was way too fast. Still, it would be a relief to get out of those bloomers. I wonder if they have something special for bloomers too, or if were having gym at all. Maybe this mushroom’s infecting people’s heads. I mused.

I approached the bathroom c124 to find that there was a line waiting outside the entrance. There was a long, plastic tunnel along the wall with tubes sticking out all over. I heard girls and boys from both bathrooms peeing in buckets, and I overheard people inside asking if the students had to use the toilet before they changed them. Gross!

Students came out of the bathrooms either blushing their face off, or strangely, full of energy. I didn’t want to know.

Maybe they just liked the uniforms. I have to admit I did like the new skirts girls were coming out with. They were so much cuter then the ones we wore. The shirts were almost like dresses with their frilly bottoms.

I heard some people talking about how comfortable the diapers were. Some of them talked about how weird they felt and some of them simply went back to class. I saw a few standing outside the door of their classroom doors so they wouldn’t have to face the class. I considered it, but my teacher would start to wonder where I was. Wait, my teacher was fired, but they probably found a substitute by now. She probably wouldn’t recognize me though, but, then I’d miss the lesson, like I cared anyway.

Suddenly I saw a familiar face stroll down the hallway. It was Hiroyuki Rokou. His dirty blond hair shined like gold, and his eyes shimmered. I couldn’t believe these people were about to put someone as dignified as him in something as degrading as big boy pants, if you know what I mean. I couldn’t stand the thought.

“So you’re here too huh?” He looked me in the eye. I didn’t speak. My whole soul froze over. This couldn’t be happening. I couldn’t stand it.

We waited in line, practically right next to each other. It was the most awkward twenty minutes of my life and my bladder was starting to build up. I knew I only had two options. Go in the bucket in front of everyone or go in my diaper in front of everyone when I received it.

It was too trivial for me. I tried to think about something else while the line progressed quickly. Before I knew it, I was standing at the foot of the plastic tunnel. The urge in my bladder grew uncomfortable. I paced a bit in the line. I wanted to ask someone to cut me in line so I could prepare myself, but that would be even more embarrassing. After all, I wasn’t the only one having to go through this.

I was now half way through the tunnel. I felt a breeze coming from inside the plastic-sealed bathroom every time the zipper to the plastic tent-like hatch came open. The zipper was perfectly vertical.

They barely opened enough for someone to fit through and closed it again. I felt the plastic along the way. It was very stiff and crinkly. It smelled like it came fresh out of one of those store packages, like the smell you get when you pull the rappers off of a new printer. I came closer and closer to the zipper as it neared my turn. My heart was racing. The tension in my bladder grew.

I had finally reached the zipper. My chest was pounding as the zipper opened and the woman there pulled me through. I walked hesitantly through to what used to be the inside of the girls bathroom.

The floors, walls and ceilings were all covered in plastic. A long, cardboard box of air tight diapers rested along the wall under a portable hanger full of our uniforms. I was lead into the stall all the way to the end while there was a line of girls on their way out with their new uniforms. They looked so cute, uh, the uniforms I mean!

“This will be your daily routine from here on out, Monday through Sunday.” A woman whispered to me, standing inside the stall with me while she handed me an envelope. “Do you want to use the toilet before we begin?”

My freckled cheeks burned red. The humiliation was intoxicating. There was no door on the stall besides the solid one underneath the plastic, so it was wide open. The only privacy we had was the fact that there were only enough girls in the bathroom at one time to fill up the stalls. On top of that I went in there with my gym uniform, which I soiled.

I just couldn’t build the strength to use the bucket. I shook my head and that was it.

She yanked my bloomers down to the floor and wiped me with a baby wipe. I felt her warm hands smear powder on my bare cheeks.

I saw the inner crotch of my bloomers on the ground hang out. It was smeared with my poop. I wanted to puke, but the woman paid no attention to anything more or less then her job it seemed. She moved so quickly I could tell she had been doing this all day, and she didn’t seem to care. My bladder tinged again as she reached for the diaper next to her. It wasn’t mounted with the shorts like they showed during the assembly. Nor were the shorts mounted onto the skirts. It came separately. At first I wondered why, but I would figure it out real fast.

She laid the diaper out on the toilet seat and sat me down on it. It was white, fluffy, and very soft, like silk on tissue paper. It was a big, bulky tape-on. I could see why the uniforms were so big and loose looking. She taped my diaper in place as its soft texture pressed against my skin. It felt so good to finally be clean after sitting in those bloomers all day, and there were no inappropriate creases that revealed my parts.

I still had to use the toilet as she stood me up to put my shorts on. She lifted the pant legs to reveal the metallic strap that secured the garment. The inside of it was made of rubber. It was extremely stiff, yet extremely flexible. It felt like really short tights, except a lot thicker.

The pant legs were about an inch long. The woman tightened the straps from behind and locked them in place somehow. There were no huge locks. The straps just stuck a cirtain way. I never really understood how those things worked.

The woman pulled down the top part of my shorts to reveal the metallic belt around my waist and tightened it. Something told me there was no getting this off by myself. I really wish I would have just used the bucket. My big, round diaper and the shorts together were bigger then my waist. I stood there in my bulky diaper shorts and my gym shirt when she grabbed a size small uniform off the hanger and handed them to me. She allowed me to change myself from that point on.

I slipped my shirt off to expose my plain white bra and threw the stand-alone gown over my body. It was enough to cover up my airtight shorts. Regardless, I pulled up my skirt, which almost looked like a bell dress. It was blue with a white strip along the bottom, falling down below my knees. There was no hiding the diaper underneath if some pervert decided to lift my skirt, so it was especially handy how long they were. It was a lot heavier than my old uniform, and a lot cozier. Though my heart was still pounding from excitement, all in all, it really wasn’t that bad. It was really weird though. It felt like wearing a pillow on my tush.

When everyone was done changing and using the toilet, We exited the room through a different zipper that lead to the same hallway. It felt great walking around in my new uniform. My diaper rubbed against my skin as my legs moved around. I loved it. I was actually a little anxious to show my friends how I looked. There was just one problem though. I still had to pee.

