The Emeral Forest - A RWBY Fiction

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2015-11-05 04:11

Hello, Omorashi.org!

It's been a long time since I've tried out writing any stories for this site. I tried experimenting with some new writing techniques for this story. I don't really have much of a prelude for this one, just something I've wanted to do for a while. I hope you guys like it.

____

The hours wore on as the first test for the newest class at Beacon Academy was underway. Among the newly formed teams were that of youngest new student, Ruby Rose, and one of the most promising, Weiss Schnee. Despite a few setbacks early on, they were now well on their way to the forest temple to retrieve their artifact and finish the test.

Or, at least, that’s what Weiss kept saying.

Despite the constant reassurance of the older student, Ruby couldn’t help but feel they were walking in a giant circle. While she was never the most anxious individual when it came to timing, Ruby was beginning to feel worried as certain issues were making themselves quite apparent.

“Okay, so next we go this way…” Weiss directed with more confidence than was justified, “Or maybe this way. Turn left at the tree with the moss. No, wait, right. No, backwards!” She shouted.

By this point, Ruby has resigned herself to a fate of being forever lost in the Emerald Forest. Or at least until a better path presented itself. The problem was, something else was occupying her mind, preventing Ruby from thinking clearly. By this point, the issue had become pressing enough; she decided it was time to address it.

“Hey, Weiss, wait a minute.” Ruby called forward.

Weiss turned around with a jump, surprised by the sudden vocalization by her partner. She drew her rapier in one fluid motion, clearly prepared for a fight.

“What is it?” She asked, alarmed, “More Grimm?”

“What? No.” Ruby responded, confused, “It’s just…” She hesitated, “Can we stop for a minute? I need to pee.”

Glaring, Weiss returned Myrtenaster to its place, “What are you talking about? No, we can’t do that!” She shouted back, sounding much angrier than was justified, “We need to get to the temple as quickly as possible so we can finish the test and get a good grade!”

Weiss shifted in place for a second, then added, “Besides, there isn’t a bathroom out here, anyway.”

“Yeah, because we’re making so much progress now.” Ruby grumbled, sarcastically. “But that doesn’t matter, I just have to pee.” Ruby responded, “I can just go in the grass.”

“What?” Weiss gasped, holding a hand to her face in shock, “That’s disgusting!”

“How?” Ruby asked confused by the heiress’s strong reaction, “It’s not like I’m doing anything I wouldn’t in a bathroom. If anything, it’s cleaner since I don’t have to touch a toilet.”

“No, I mean like…” Weiss struggled to find the most proper way to continue her statement, “Exposing yourself like that outside. It’s indecent!”

“It’s not like anyone’s going to see.” Ruby protested, “We’re in a forest. With all the trees around, I could find a pretty good hiding place. I won’t take long, I swear! I just really need to do this.”

“How would you even..?” Weiss began to question. She then cut herself short and shuddered in what Ruby assumed to be disgust. “Look, we’re not going to stop so you can… relieve yourself. You’ll just have to hold it until we get back to Beacon, like a big girl. For now, we need to keep moving.”

Weiss turned around and resumed walking, rather hurriedly.

“But Weiss, I, ugh…” Ruby sighed, exasperated. She was pretty sure she could hold it in, but it wouldn’t be comfortable. Not only that, but her bladder would definitely get in the way in the very likely event they had to fight more Grimm. Reluctantly, she continued walking to keep up with her begrudging teammate.

More time wore on as the dysfunctional duo continued their random walk through the forest, knowing nothing about where they were relative to their destination or if they would actually get there.

Ruby thought back to the decisions that led her to her current predicament. That morning, Ruby had to drink several cups of coffee just to be awake enough to make it to the testing grounds on time. She was in such a rush that morning that she hadn’t had time to use the bathroom since before breakfast. She was already feeling a bit of pressure before being jettisoned into the Emerald Forest. Now, more than an hour later, that pressure had certainly not diminished.

Ruby pressed her left hand against the front of her skirt. She wasn’t quite holding herself yet, but she still preferred the added pressure to reduce the pain of holding it in. Right now, Ruby was really wishing Weiss had left her behind earlier. That way, she could have found Yang, she would have understood, and they wouldn’t be in this situation now.

Ruby decided it was worth the effort to try and get the ice queen to stop one more time. “Hey, Weiss can we please-“

“No.” Weiss interrupted, “How can you expect to be a huntress if you have to stop to use the bathroom every five minutes?” She snapped.

“I… what?” Ruby shook her head, stunned by the other student’s strong reaction.

____

As she tried to coach herself through finding the right path by trial and error, Weiss was dealing with a problem of her own. A much more disciplined huntress, she only needed one cup of coffee to wake up in the morning. However, she was sure to drink plenty of water so she wouldn’t have to deal with dehydration in the middle of such an important test. Unfortunately, such preparedness came with consequences.

Weiss wasn’t doing so well herself, and Ruby’s constant complaining only served to remind her of the pressure in her own abdomen. Right now, she wanted nothing more than to find the relic and finish the test. Although her motivations had shifted less from getting a good grade and more toward getting back to the academy as quickly as possible so she could use the bathroom. The heiress of the Schnee Dust Company was not about to degrade herself to peeing outdoors.

The unfortunate issue was that the focus needed to keep herself poised was taking away from Weiss’s ability to navigate through the forest. It was an interesting paradox: the more motivated the huntress in training became to finish the test, the less capable she was of finishing it.

As the urge grew stronger, Weiss began to slow down. Her strides grew shorter as she needed to keep her thighs pressed together to suppress the thought of her growing urge. At this point, Weiss had become practically unaware of her surroundings. All she saw was the path in front of her, and all she could think of was maintaining her dignity- and her bladder control.

The ice queen didn’t realize how much she was slowing down, as her young partner was drawing closer, distracted by her own predicament. It wasn’t long until the concentration of both girls was broken as a sudden sensation surprised both of them.

Weiss let out a small shriek as she felt something bump into her back. She quickly jumped around, putting her hand up in a fighting stance. It took her a moment to realize that something was the red hooded girl behind her, who had jumped back in surprise as well.

As soon as Weiss realized it was safe and the adrenaline rush wore off, she realized her concentration had been diverted from more pressing needs. Weiss cringed for a moment as her hands shot to her side, gripping fiercely against her legs. She wanted desperately to grab herself, but that would be beneath her, she was a trained huntress-and a Schnee- not a little girl. She managed to maintain control, but only just. She couldn’t afford another moment like that.

“Weiss are you alright?” Ruby’s high-pitched voice broke the silence.

It was then that Weiss realized exactly what she was doing, standing in front of her new teammate like this. She released her grip, brushing down the creases on her skirt, pretending that was what she was doing all along.

“Yes, I’m fine. Just… trying to make sure you were paying attention. Yeah. I need to strategize in case we come up against anything between us and the relics.” Weiss lied, unconvincingly.

Weiss then turned back around and tried to pick up her pace again, keeping her hands tightly clenched at her side. Her entire body was tensing up as she diverted more focus toward maintaining control.

____

‘Weiss must be getting really tired.’ Ruby thought to herself as she observed the rigid motion of her new partner.

She could only spare a moment for these thoughts, however, as her focus had to return to keeping a plug on her bladder. The shock of bumping into Weiss earlier nearly made her leak. The hand which was previously idly resting against her stomach was now ruffling the front of her combat skirt as she gripped down between her legs to relieve some of the pressure. Ruby couldn’t remember the last time she had to pee this bad, but she was pretty sure she didn’t for long. She couldn’t imagine another situation where she could feel like this and not immediately find somewhere to let it out. It was torture.

____

As the minutes turned to another hour, Ruby’s right hand joined her left in its efforts to keep control. Meanwhile, Weiss’s stance grew much more rigid.

Weiss was so distracted practicing mind over bladder that she didn’t notice the path they were on abruptly ended in a small ledge.

She took a step forward, expecting to hit solid ground, only to be met with no resistance. She nearly fell forward, but her honed huntress reflexes allowed her to grab a nearby tree branch to keep her from falling into the dirt.

However, these sudden moves took much needed energy away from other areas of Weiss’s body. With that, she felt a small amount of liquid escape from her. It could hardly be considered a full-on accident, but it was enough for Weiss to be aware it was happening, and that it might not be the end if she made another mistake like that.

Gripping tightly to the tree branch and tensing every muscle she could, Weiss managed to regain control. Internally, she was shouting at herself, ‘The heiress of the Schnee Dust Company is NOT about to pee in her panties!’ She thought.

After managing to stabilize herself, Weiss looked down with dread. The drop was hardly anything that could be considered a long way down. Under normal circumstances, the only thing Weiss would worry about was her combat skirt flying up on the way down. These were, however, not normal circumstances. The impact of the fall might upset her delicate equilibrium.

Weiss knew this had to be the right path they were on, and that finding an alternate route would take far too long. Because of this, she faced a dilemma. She would really prefer to look for a way around this obstacle, but it wasn’t going to be her fault if they were late and lost points on this test. Then, an idea struck her. That annoying little brat she was with could be useful after all.

“Hey, so the path continues this way.” She said, pointing down to the drop-off, “But if you think that might be too much of a problem for you right now, we can find another way.” Weiss looked back at Ruby, taking note of the placement of her hands. Surely this would work.

No sooner had that thought crossed her mind than she saw the girl in the red hood take off from her spot and jump down the small cliff. Weiss’s heart fell as she watched her plan backfire as spectacularly as possible.

“Hey, what are you waiting for?” Ruby asked from a few feet below.

Not wanting to be outdone by that little red gnat, Weiss steeled her nerves. She examined her options closely and came up with the best course of action. Placing one hand in the dirt, Weiss vaulted down the drop as gingerly as possible.

Weiss nearly tripped as her heels dug into the dirt and upset her balance. She managed to stabilize herself in a crouching position. She clasped her legs together tightly as she inhaled sharply, trying to keep everything inside her.

After a few seconds observing her teammate in this pose, Ruby was compelled to ask, “Are you okay?”

“Yes,” Weiss responded quickly, her voice strained, “Just tough to make that landing in heels. Not for a huntress of my caliber, of course.” She added, standing up with as much poise as she could muster.

Nothing else leaked out, so it was back to the mission at hand. Weiss returned to walking down the path, her strides even smaller and her pace even slower as she refused to risk moving her legs too far apart.

____

‘That was weird.’ Ruby thought as she began to follow along. She didn’t want to admit it, but that jump was almost too much for her. As quickly as she landed, both the young girl’s hands had to be pressed onto the front of her battle skirt. She hadn’t leaked yet, but Ruby wasn’t sure how much longer she could hold on at this point.

Between bouts of bargaining with her own bladder, Ruby had a new thought to focus on. While she didn’t intend it, she caught a glimpse up Weiss’s skirt during the vault down the ledge, and Ruby was pretty sure she saw a small wet patch. That couldn’t be, could it? Was Weiss in the same predicament? No way. A fancy rich girl like her, she probably had her bladder removed or something. It must have just been her imagination. Still, it was a curious thought.

“Weiss, are you sure we can’t stop?” Ruby asked, hoping for a little sympathy if her suspicions were correct.

“Yes, I’m sure.” Weiss called back, sounding very unsure, “Mankind invented indoor plumbing for a reason: so we wouldn’t have to degrade ourselves to doing such disgraceful acts in the dirt. I know you’re young, but you are potty trained, right? So act like it.”

The whole time Weiss was berating Ruby, she didn’t even look back, instead keeping her eyes fixed on the path in front of her. Ruby groaned loudly at the older girl’s demands. Of course, expecting sympathy from the ice queen was wishing for far too much.

It wasn’t too much longer before Ruby’s foot found a stray root. Awkwardly flailing, the young huntress in training stumbled forward for a few steps before catching her balance.

Again, under normal circumstances, this was nothing unusual for the clumsy girl, but now was not normal. In the commotion, Ruby felt a strong spasm from her bladder. A few spurts managed to spill out into her panties. This was bad!

The girl in the red hood froze in place, her hands thrust deeply between her legs, leaning over to put as much pressure to stem the flow as possible. Waiting was no longer an option.

“Weiss!” Ruby called forward frantically, “Can we please stop? I’m about to wet myself!” She shouted, blushing.

Weiss halted and gave an exasperated sigh. “Alright! If it’ll stop your whining, we can stop. But know that I’m never going to forgive you if we get a bad grade because of this.”

Ruby’s eyes began watering with a mix of joy and pain, “Oh, thank you! I’ll be quick, I swear.”

The girl in the red hood rushed off as quickly as she could toward the nearest set of bushes. While she longed to use her superior speed to get to her destination even quicker, she couldn’t risk putting that much strain on her body. Instead, she stuck to a somewhat brisk walk. Even with that level of caution, a small leak began to break through after a few steps.

Quickly ducking behind a tree, Ruby lifted up her skirt and grabbed the sides of her leggings and panties. In one fluid motion, she pulled both down to her knees and squatted down. This was a technique Ruby had used many times in the past, to the point she had basically perfected it, so she knew her clothes were pretty much safe.

“By the way, if you get any on you, don’t even think about touching me!” Weiss shouted, impatiently.

With everything in place, Ruby could finally relax and let go. With a sigh, she did just that and the very loud sound of a gushing stream hitting tree roots began. It took a moment for the relief to truly set in- almost as if her body didn’t really believe this was happening- but once it did, it was incredible. Far past the point of feeling embarrassed, Ruby let out a moan as the sensation washed over her. This was the first time she had felt such bliss since coming to Beacon. Granted, that was only two days ago, but still.

After about a minute of peeing with such a powerful stream, a sudden shudder overtook Ruby’s body. She wasn’t sure, but she thought that might have resulted in some of her clothes getting damp. Now wasn’t the time to worry about such things, though. Now was the time to feel the relief.

A splashing sound started to reverberate as the puddle expanded faster than the ground could absorb it. After another minute, the stream began to slow down. Soon enough it became nothing but a small dribble, then all but stopped.

Ruby shook herself off as well as she could and took a moment to assess the damages. Her panties were black, so the rather large stain wasn’t all that noticeable unless something was staring- something she hoped no one would be doing. She looked down and saw a few water marks on her shoes. Then, she noticed something far more worrying. The base of her cape had gotten noticeably wet. She would definitely need to clean that as soon as possible.

Ruby sighed once more and pulled up her panties and leggings. She shuddered a little as she felt the wetness against her bare skin, but it was something she could deal with for now. It wasn’t nearly as bad as a full-on accident, she knew from experience.

Feeling refreshed, Ruby quickly ran around the tree to meet up with Weiss and resume their quest.

____

‘What is taking her so long?’ Weiss thought angrily as she shifted in place, impatiently trying to contain her growing need. In her hurry, Ruby didn’t move far away enough to be out of ear shot. The sound of her pee hitting the ground was almost too much for Weiss to bear. She couldn’t hold still any longer.

Weiss then heard the pleasured moan from behind the tree. ‘Geeze, that sounds like it feels so good.’ She thought, venturing to place a hand against her skirt and give a quick squeeze. ‘Maybe I should… No! You are better than that! You are a trained huntress at the prestigious Beacon Academy. You can control your bladder!’ She coached, in defiance of her natural urges.

The heiress grit her teeth together as she danced in place. Her body began to feel hot; beads of sweat began forming on Weiss’s forehead. A powerful mix of pain and panic overtook her. Then, just like that, everything stopped.

Weiss froze in absolute disbelief of what was now happening. She felt it. There was no stopping it. The dam had burst and the heiress of the Schnee Dust Company began to wet herself.

It began slowly, a small trickle dampening the crotch of her panties. After a few moments of frantically battling for control, the stream grew stronger. Soon enough, Weiss’s panties could no longer contain the flood. A golden steam began working its way around her fingers and winding down her legs, absorbing into the fabric of her stockings.

For several minutes, the huntress in training stood in place, her legs clenched tightly together with her hands gripping in place, trying in vain to stem the flow. Despite her best efforts, all the liquid continued to leave Weiss’s body, being absorbed into whatever fabric it could reach and pooling in the dirt when there was no more room.

Eventually, the flow stopped, although the dripping continued for a few more moments after Weiss was done wetting herself. She hung her head in shame and leaned on a nearby tree. She tried her best to rationalize this situation. That couldn’t have really just happened. This had to be a dream, right? Right. There was no way it was real.

“Um… Weiss?” Ruby’s voice suddenly broke the silence, “Is everything alright?”

Oh, no! This was real!

____

As Ruby walked around the tree, she was met with an unexpected sight. Weiss was standing in place with her hands held tightly underneath her skirt. Upon further inspection, she saw a yellow stream winding down Weiss’s legs.

It was impossible to believe, but it was really happening. Ruby didn’t really know what to do; she hadn’t been on this end of the situation before. With nothing else to do, she stood and stared at her teammate as she peed all over herself.

After it became apparent the accident was nearly over, Ruby felt she should try and speak up.

“Weiss? Is everything alright?” She asked.

“No, I’m obviously not alright!” Weiss snapped back, “Do you see what just happened? Oh, they’ll probably kick me out of the academy for this!”

“I don’t think they’d do that.” Ruby muttered, “I mean… everyone has accidents. I nearly did.” She admitted, trying awkwardly to find some way to comfort the other girl.

“You should have just told me,” Ruby continued after getting no response, “I would have understood. If you don’t know, I could have shown you how to pee outside.”

“You don’t understand! I was raised better than this. Maybe it’s fine wherever you come from, but where I’m from, big girls have control over their bodies. They don’t rush to the bathroom, they don’t pee outside, and they certainly don’t wet themselves!”

“But it does happen.” Ruby tried to reassure, “You’re okay. No one needs to know about this. We’re teammates. We can trust each other with stuff like this.”

Weiss just fumed in silence for a moment.

“Now… you should probably get out of those wet clothes…” Ruby suggested without thinking.

“I’m not doing that!” Weiss shouted, offended, “It’s bad enough this happened, I’m not stooping to exposing myself so the whole world can see! I didn’t exactly bring a change of clothes with me, you know?”

“Okay.” Ruby responded, trying to speak softly to calm her teammate down, “Well, let’s at least keep going, then. Maybe your clothes will dry before we see anyone.”

“Yeah…” Weiss resigned, looking down dejected. Her eyes begin to water out of shear embarrassment.

Ruby looked around, trying desperately to find a way to break the awkwardness of this moment. That’s when her eyes caught something in the distance.

“How, look!” Ruby shouted, “A giant Nevermore! Maybe we can ride it to get an aerial view of the forest!”

“What?” Weiss responded, finally looking up, “Are you insane?”

Before she could even finish asking the question, Ruby had already taken off and was partway down the path, chasing after the Nevermore.

“Apparently…” Weiss sighed before taking off and running after what had to be the worst teammate assignment in the history of Beacon Academy.

*009*2015-11-05 23:45

Oh my gosh, thank you guys so much! I can't tell you how happy I am that you all liked it.

{{: 

And it's got a girl using the bushes, you've earned bonus points for that.

}}

Yeah, that's a personal favorite of mine. I try to work it in when I can.

{{: 

I wish all the RWBY stories weren't about the girls I don't really like ;__; Still, it was well written.

}}

I think Ruby and Weiss are so popular because they play off each other well and they're the most believable to end up in a situation like this.

Out of curiosity, who are the girls you really like?

*011*2015-11-12 06:43

CHAPTER 2 OUTTA NOWHERE! VINTAGE KID_OMO.

*Ahem*

Anyway, folks, far from my normal work rate, I've produced a second chapter to this story. I hope you enjoy it.

___

The relative peace and silence of the Emerald Forest was broken by the day’s activities. The leaves rustled as the entire freshman class of Beacon Academy ran through its innards. The roars of Ursi and the howls of Beowolves mixed with the clashing of weapons as the world’s newest class of promising young huntsmen battled through the dangerous woods. Indeed, today was the day these promising initiates would show their incredible prowess.

“Pyrrha, help!” Cried Jaune Arc as he sprinted through the shrubbery, chased by a large bear-like creature, his sword and shield still holstered on his hip.

Within moments, the Ursa’s threatening roar was cut short as it fell forward to the ground, skidding to a halt mere inches from the blonde hunter in training. A quick look revealed the source of this fall: an orange and gold javelin sticking out of the top of the beast’s bony back.

It took a few seconds for Jaune to realize he was no longer being pursued. The second he did, he stopped and broke out into a violent fit of panting as he leaned over with his hands placed on his knees.

“That would have been much easier if you could have gotten the Ursa to hold still.” Pyrrha Nikos commented casually as she strolled into the clearing. On the way, the fiery-haired girl retrieved her weapon from the creature’s already withering back.

“Sorry, it’s not easy to hold still when you’re about to be mauled to death.” Jaune retorted between gasps.

Pyrrha patted the boy on the back, worried she had offended him by criticizing his rather unique combat strategy. “You run surprisingly fast. That’s good to know.” She offered, trying to be comforting.

“Thanks.” Jaune said, suppressing a retch.

Once the adrenaline of saving her new teammate had worn off, Pyrrha took a look around; trying to evaluate the situation the duo was now in. It appeared the chase had led them deeper into the forest, as there were now no discernable landmarks in sight.

It was then that Pyrrha became aware of something else: a dull, throbbing pain just below her stomach. Normally, this would hardly be enough for the huntress in training to notice, but she was fatigued from unlocking Jaune’s aura earlier. Coupled with the weariness from needing to do a larger portion of the fighting than she had anticipated, Pyrrha was not in the most optimal condition for dealing with this annoyance.

It seemed that now was quite the fortunate time to have this revelation, though. Given the team would need time to reorient themselves, and they were certainly far away from any other teams, this would be an effective place to take care of her urge.

Wordlessly, the Invincible Girl set her javelin and shield back in place on her back. She then turned and walked over to the nearest tree. Taking another glance around to be sure there were no prying eyes, Pyrrha moved her hands to the hem of her skirt. Unfortunately, before she could begin, her train of thought was interrupted.

“Pyrrha? What’s up?” Jaune asked, observing this unusual display.

“Hmm?” She hummed, looking back toward him, “Oh, sorry. I need to use the restroom.” She commented casually.

“Oh.” Jaune responded, “Okay. Well, where is the nearest bathroom?” He asked, much to the confusion of the tournament-winning huntress in training.

“I would assume back at the academy…” She commented slowly.

“I don’t think they’re going to let us go back before we get the relic. Besides, that would take a lot of time.”

With that statement, it became apparent to Pyrrha that there was a disconnect in the team’s communication.

“No, no.” She clarified, “I didn’t mean I need to find one. I just meant that I need to relieve myself. I can do so right here.”

“What?” Jaune asked, surprised, “Wait… girls can do that?”

The green eyed girl paused and blinked for a moment, unsure of how to respond. “Yes. Don’t you have sisters?”

“Yes. Seven, actually. But they never did… that outside.” He answered, blushing slightly.

“Well, yes it is possible. I have needed to do so many times during training. I figured now would be the optimal time to take care of this need.” Pyrrha said.

“Oh, okay. Well, sure. I guess we could take a short break.” Jaune said, suddenly falling back into a sitting position on the ground.

With that clarified, Pyrrha turned back toward the tree and resumed lifting up her skirt.

“Wait!” Jaune interrupted again, “Do you mean you’re going to do it right here? I-in front of me?”

“Well, yes. We are teammates are we not?” Pyrrha asked, innocently, “Comrades in arms must be comfortable with one another as you never know what kind of situations may arise in the field.”

“I don’t know if I’m ready to get that comfortable with you yet.” Jaune said quickly, standing up, “You know, not that I’m scared of… uh… I mean… um… We only just met…” He stumbled through his words, awkwardly. “Can’t you at least go behind the bushes or something? You know, not so close?” He finally asked after a few moments’ stammering.

Pyrrha thought about this for a moment before responding, “I think it would be best if we didn’t split up… for the team.” She said, trying to find the most polite way of expressing the sentiment that she feared he would die if left alone.

Jaune’s response was to begin stammering again. Pyrrha sighed, giving her teammate a patient smile.

“It’s fine. I can just wait until we get back.” She said calmly, placing a hand on the boy’s shoulder, “In light of that, we should probably continue looking.”

“R-right.” Jaune sputtered, “I think I saw something over there when I was running.” He said, pointing vaguely in the direction he had just fled from an Ursa.

“That seems as good a place as any to start.” Pyrrha responded with a smile.

The two then began walking back through the thick rows of trees. Pyrrha placed a hand on her abdomen. She hoped their search would be done soon. She was no stranger to needing to put off such urges during tournaments or long training sessions, the Beacon Academy initiate felt certain she could keep it contained. She also knew that doing so was not going to be pleasant.

“Ta-da! Here we are!” Jaune exclaimed after a few minutes of walking yielded the result of a large stack of rubble in another clearing.

“It… appears to be a large pile of rocks…” Pyrrha commented, hesitantly.

“Exactly!” Jaune responded excitedly, “Not just that, it’s an old looking pile of rocks! Where better to hide a mysterious relic?”

“I suppose you are correct.” Pyrrha agreed, contemplating the rubble, “If nothing else, it would likely serve as a good vantage point for finding other potential locations.”

“Right!” The blonde haired boy called back enthusiastically, “So what do you think? You climb up and look around while I check the cracks and stuff around the bottom?”

“Would it not be more efficient for us both to focus on the same task? We could examine the area much faster together.” Pyrrha questioned.

“Maybe…” Jaune hesitated, “but I don’t have a lot of climbing experience, and those rocks look very unsteady… I’d prefer not to go soaring through the air two times in one day.”

Pyrrha spared a moment to look at her teammate quizzically. Sure, he was cute and nice, but his capabilities were rather low for a student at one of the most prestigious huntsmen academies in the world.

A jolt of pain from her bladder reminded Pyrrha of the situation at hand. She supposed this plan may prove effective in quickly accomplishing their objective. “Very well.” She submitted.

With that, the fiery-haired girl took to the arduous task of climbing the rubble pile. This task was not difficult for a trainee of her caliber, but it was rather irritating given her current condition. With every step, Pyrrha’s abdomen throbbed, her bladder begging for relief. She didn’t think she was in severely bad shape, but the strength required to haul herself up along with how far she needed to stretch her legs to climb made keeping her control rather difficult.

Halfway through the large climb, disaster struck. With much of her concentration dedicated to maintaining her composure, the huntress in training was not paying enough attention to where she was climbing. On her next step, the rocks gave way, making her lose her footing.

Pyrrha managed to react quickly enough to prevent from tumbling down the rubble, but the sudden drop was jarring to other parts of her system. An intense pain emanated from between Pyrrha’s legs as gravity took its toll on her bladder. She hung on the rocks for a moment, clenching her legs together to keep anything from leaking out.

“You alright, P?” Jaune called from below.

“I really wish he wouldn’t call me that right now.” Pyrrha muttered to herself. “Yes, I’m fine. Just… lost my footing.” She shouted back.

Steeling her nerves, the decorated fighter resumed her climb. It wasn’t much longer before she reached the top of the rock pile. Much to her chagrin, though not her surprise, the summit of this climb yielded little more than the top of a giant rock.

Disappointed, the Invincible Girl called down to her teammate, “Have you found anything yet, Jaune?”

“Nope!” He shouted back, “It doesn’t look like they hid anything here. What about you?”

“There’s nothing up here, either.”

“Well, can you see anything up there?” Jaune asked, “Somewhere a relic might be stored.”

Pyrrha looked around, but saw little more than trees as far as the eye could see. “What exactly would that look like?” She asked.

“I don’t know. Some place that looks really… ancient and mysterious! Kind of… relic-y.”

As descriptive as that was, it did little to assist Pyrrha in her search. After a moment of gazing out over the forest, the huntress in training spotted a large cliff with an outcropping. She figured that may be a functional hiding spot. It would keep anything below it relatively safe from the elements.

“I see a cliff in the distance!” She called downward, “Perhaps that is out destination.”

“Perfect!” Jaune shouted, “Cliffs have plenty of great hiding spots.”

Her work done, Pyrrha looked down the rock pile with dread. Keeping everything contained inside of her on the way down would prove another difficult task. Surveying the area below, she decided on a quicker solution.

Pyrrha leaped off the top of the rubble toward a tree below. As she approached, she reached out, grabbed a branch, and swung to reduce her momentum. This allowed the initiate to land on the ground in a crouched position.

Altogether, the move would have been rather impressive were the landing not so strenuous on her body. The moment the girl landed, she was hit with yet another bladder spasm as a few drops leaked out into her panties. Quickly, she shoved both her hands in between her legs to regain control. Doing so only required a few seconds’ effort, but the warning signs were clear. They were going to need to find the relic quickly if Pyrrha had any hope of making it to a bathroom.

Jaune ran up to where she landed and crouched next to her. “Are you alright?” He asked, concerned.

“Yes, I’m fine,” Pyrrha responded, not wanting to worry her teammate, “I seem to have overestimated the effort required in that jump.” She added, managing to stand up.

“Oh, okay. So where did you say you saw this cliff?” Jaune asked.

“Straight back in that direction.” Pyrrha said, indicating the direction where she saw the most notable outcropping.

“Excellent. Let’s go.”

As they navigated the thick brush of the forest, Pyrrha began to question her decision. Perhaps she could manage to hide behind a bush. Unfortunately, the image of the Ursa attack earlier brought about the idea that Jaune would not be safe alone. As much as she tried to convince herself otherwise, the huntress in training could not shake the thought that, were she incapacitated for too long away from her teammate, he would be attacked before she could save him. This anxiety would not allow her to give in.

Another thought that occurred to her was to try and explain the situation to Jaune and take care of her need in front of him as she had intended. However, she was afraid that would make him too uncomfortable. If she was going to be teamed up with him for the next four years, it may be best not to offend the boy so early.

Because of this, Pyrrha was resigned to holding it until they returned to Beacon Academy.

The relative silence of the duo was broken by Jaune’s awkward attempt to strike up a conversation with his new teammate.

“You know, when it isn’t trying to kill you, this forest is actually kind of nice.” He rambled, “Like, it’s very picturesque. Like this post card my mom once sent me. Yeah. You’ve got the mountains over there, all these trees; all you would need is some non-murderous animals. Maybe a flowing stream…”

Unintentionally, Pyrrha let out a groan at the mention of a stream.

“Oh, right. Sorry.” Jaune apologized awkwardly.

“Oh, no, it’s fine.” Pyrrha tried to comfort, “I didn’t mean anything by that. You are correct. The Emerald Forest is a very beautiful location. I’ve heard the view from Beacon Academy is truly breathtaking. It is a shame that the creatures of Grimm have overrun it.”

“So how are you holding up, Pyrrha?” He asked, uneasily.

“I will be alright.” Pyrrha said, uncertain. She rubbed her abdomen again, trying to calm the raging flood threatening to burst its way free. She could feel her bladder fighting with the fabric of her belt. As much as she longed to loosen it, she knew it would not aid in the situation for long.

The Invincible Girl regretted engaging in a conversation with Weiss earlier that day. Had that not happened, she would have had a chance to use the bathroom before this test began and would not be in such a pressing situation. Unfortunately, this was how the chips fell. It was an issue she would now need to deal with.

“I just hope this path is correct. I would like to get back to the academy quickly.” She added.

“Don’t worry; this will be the right one. I’m sure of it!” Jaune replied, confidently.

“How are you sure?”

“Um… because… Well… I don’t know,” Jaune admitted, “But my mom tells me to always stay positive, so that’s what I’m doing… That sounded dumb, didn’t it?”

“Actually, optimism is an admirable quality in a leader.” Pyrrha responded flatly. Her hand drifted slightly lower to give a push on the front of her skirt. The added pressure felt good, but she did not want to rely on it. That was hardly the image she wanted to convey to her new teammate so early: the girl who couldn’t hold her pee without grabbing herself like a child.

“You think so?” Jaune asked, seemingly oblivious to his teammate’s predicament, “I’ve always fancied myself a natural leader, you know? Optimistic, passionate, brave…”

Jaune’s self-serving rant was cut off by a loud rustling from the nearby trees, causing him to jump back with a shriek.

Reflexively, Pyrrha drew her javelin and reached out her other arm to fight back anything that may come forward. She also spread her legs into a fighting stance, preparing herself for any Grimm that may be about to attack them. Unfortunately, this meant she was no longer in a positon to apply pressure and keep her natural urges under control, a fact her bladder wasted no time in reminding her.

Pyrrha felt another small spurt leak into her panties, much larger than the last, but still small enough to be contained. She could certainly feel the pressure in her body threatening to release more, but could do nothing about it at this point. She had to remain focused on her potential attacker.

A few moment of silence followed and nothing happened. Another small leak made Pyrrha grow impatient. Whether this was a Grimm, another classmate, or just the wind, she was not about to let this distraction be her bladder’s downfall.

Pyrrha switched her weapon to its rifle mode and looked down the scope, scanning the tree line in front of her. Failing to see anything, Pyrrha relaxed and returned her weapon to its place.

“It must have been the wind. I do not see anything.” She said, sliding her legs closer so she could clench her thighs tightly.

Jaune breathed a sigh of relief. No sooner did the team resume walking than another loud rustling emanated from the leaves.

Jaune screamed again as a large bird-like creature flew out from the trees, diving straight for the duo. The Nevermore bore its claws in preparation of an attack.

In one fluid motion, Pyrrha turned, retrieved her weapon from its place on her back, and fired the rifle at the Nevermore. The bird fell to the ground instantly and several more flew from the trees, fleeing the team.

As impressive as it was, that move did not allow Pyrrha to properly brace herself for the recoil from her rifle. The sudden shock sapped what little power she had left to control herself. She felt a small leak begin, growing quickly into a full-on flood. Pyrrha shoved her hands below her skirt, trying to stem the flow, but to no avail.

Within moments, a yellow steam began winding down Pyrrha’s legs, flowing below her armor and getting into her boots.

Quickly, Pyrrha did the only thing she could think of to reduce the potential damages.

“I’m sorry about this, Jaune!” She shouted. As she did, she turned to face away from her teammate.

Pyrrha reached down and lifted up her skirt, spreading her legs far apart and arching her hips forward. The huntress in training then pulled her soaked red panties to the side, revealing her most private area. With that, she relinquished control and allowed the rest of her bladder’s contents to empty.

A powerful steam shot out of the girl, creating an arc in front of her and making a loud splash as it impacted with the ground. Relief washed over the warrior as she gave a soft, delighted sigh. Pyrrha could feel goose bumps forming on her skin as a sudden wave of pleasure like she had never felt before overtook her.

The fiery-haired girl was frozen in place like this for nearly a minute as all the liquid she had to drink since the night before came rushing out of her body in one mighty flow. Pyrrha could not remember feeling a sensation like this before. It hurt slightly, pushing everything out of her fatigued bladder, but it also felt very good to let it all go. While many concerns filled her mind moments ago, she was now thinking of nothing except for the relief.

After a few more moments, the stream died down to a small trickle, then dripped to a stop. Figuring no further damage could be done from the residual drops left, Pyrrha slid her panties back into place, shivering at the sensation of the wet fabric against such a sensitive area. She gave another soft sigh, glad the ordeal was over.

Pyrrha reached down and wiped off her legs with the armor plating on her arm as best she could, then shook the liquid off as much as possible. As she was doing this, Pyrrha’s thoughts were consumed with the reality of what had just occurred. She had basically wet herself in front of her new teammate. If this story got out, she would become a laughing stock. The mascot of Pumpkin Pete’s Marshmallow Flakes peed her pants. The Invincible Girl with a flimsy bladder. It was awful. No one would ever talk to her again. Her time at Beacon would be spent devoid of friends or socialization.

Collecting her thoughts and steeling her resolve, Pyrrha turned nervously to look at her teammate. Jaune was staring at the ground, facing away from her, his face beat red.

“I-I’m really sorry about that, Jaune.” Pyrrha shouted, embarrassed, “I guess I overestimated my limitations. I hope that was not too unsettling for you. I promise it is not a common occurrence. If you wish to leave me behind, I understand.” She added quickly, hoping she had not just ruined her chance with the training hunter… as a teammate, of course.

“Pyrrha.” Jaune said softly, placing a hand on both her shoulders, “It’s fine. These things happen. I shouldn’t have asked you to do that. I didn’t know.”

“You’re… not angry or ashamed of what just happened?” Pyrrha asked, still staring at the ground, humiliated.

“Hey, I threw up on… several people on the airship to Beacon. If you can handle being on a team with Vomit Boy, I think I can handle being on a team with the girl who peed herself.” Jaune said, sounding far too genuine for such a ridiculous series of statements.

“Alright.” Pyrrha said, calming down, “Although, please, if I could ask one thing, could you not use that name again. I would rather no one else be told about this. At least, not until we are sure who our teammates are.”

“No worries,” Jaune reassured, “I won’t tell a soul. I mean, I can’t tell you the number of embarrassing incidents I’ve had. And if anyone knew about those, well…” He cut himself off mid-sentence, a blush overtaking his face again, “I may have said too much already…”

Pyrrha chuckled slightly at her teammate’s antics, her fears put more at ease, “It is fine. I do not intend to pry. Just… thank you.”

“Of course. We are a team, after all.” Jaune said with a smile.

“Now, how about we continue toward that cliff? Maybe they hid the relic in, like, a cave or something.” He added.

“That seems like an odd choice.” Pyrrha said as they resumed walking.

“Hey, could you just humor me on this for a second?”

Pyrrha chuckled, “Of course.”

With that, the team continued on their way to what they hoped would be the location of the relics, both members doing their best to forget what had just transpired.

*018*2016-01-19 07:57

Now for the moment everyone's been waiting for...

Ok, so I've decided to go ahead and do a chapter for the other groups of the main cast. And I decided to go with Nora first since I figured it would be more challenging, and the revelation of her Semblance gave me some ideas...

This chapter was kind of tough for me, but I think I've managed to put together something acceptable. I got a little bit weird with it, but then again, it is Nora.

Anyway, I'm rambling. On to the story:

____

The serene beauty of the Emerald Forest did its best not to betray the chaos that occurred underneath its calm exterior. The tension was at a particular high on this otherwise beautiful day as the hopeful initiates of Beacon Academy fought their way through legions of Grimm in the hopes of finding their teams and their places in the Academy. As prestigious as Beacon was, these were truly among the brightest, most disciplined, and most serious young Hunters in all of Remnant.

“Whee!” Came the shout from Nora Valkyrie as she leaped from the bushes onto the back of an unassuming Beowolf.

The creature howled with surprise, flailing wildly in an attempt to toss its assailant off its back. The Grimm tried in vain to claw at the training huntress, but its arms would not reach.

As the creature flailed, Nora flew around like a ragdoll, the only thing keeping her secured to the wolf’s back was her strong grip around its throat. The problem with her positioning didn’t dawn on Nora until about a minute later when the startled monster’s movements became slower and less furious. Gradually, the Beowolf’s strength was sapped out of it until it fell to the ground, unconscious, having been unintentionally choked out by the young huntress.

Once she realized her ride was no longer moving, Nora looked around, confused, then stood up, giving a disappointed “Aww.” She poked the unconscious Beowolf with her foot and frowned.

“I told you riding a Beowolf wouldn’t work.” Lie Ren commented in his typical monotone as he approached the scene from deeper in the forest.

“No, no, didn’t you see? I was totally riding it!”

“Nora, I don’t think being thrown around by a Grimm while you choke it out counts as ‘riding’ it.”

“Hmph.” The orange-haired girl pouted, “Then I’ll just have to find something bigger!” She shouted, suddenly cheering up, “Like a Nevermore. Ooh, or maybe a Deathstalker! Could you imagine? Me riding on a giant scorpion!” Nora finished triumphantly, flexing in a victorious pose. Her eyes lost focus as she got lost in her own imagination, envisioning her reign from atop such a creature.

After a short beat between them, Ren tried to return to progress, “Weren’t you in the middle of a story?” He responded.

“Oh, right!” Nora yelled, snapping back to reality. “So where was I? Oh, yeah! So I landed in the forest right into the middle of a nest of Nevermore! After shooting down at least a dozen of them, I knew I needed to think of something else! So, I figured I could fashion a distraction using two leaves, a piece of string, and a fishing hook…”

As Nora began rambling through her story, Ren pulled her arm to get her follow him deeper into the forest.

Nora proceeded to tell the tale of her time in the Emerald Forest. It was a truly massive tale whose truth maybe even Nora didn’t fully know, though given the time since the exam had begun, none of it seemed plausible. Ren silently listened to the story, all the while watching their surroundings to be sure they weren’t about to be attacked.

“…I was so awesome!” Nora’s story concluded, “And then I found you, thanks to my expert sloth call! And I’m so happy I did! Before that, it was dark, and I was alone, and I had to pee, and…” Nora paused both her speech and her pace as a sudden realization hit her. Her eyes widened, legs clamped together, and her posture bent forward.

It took a moment for Ren to realize his teammate had suddenly grown silent. He turned around to investigate and was met with this display.

“Nora, are you alright?” He asked, allowing concern to enter his tone.

“Huh?” She asked, looking up at him, her face racked with concern, “Yeah, fine, fine. Well, no, not fine. I need to pee! Like really bad!” She said. The training huntress pulled her arms in closer and twisted her body around in a desperate dance.

“Do you want to stop and take care of that?”

“Yeah…” She responded. Nora turned toward a nearby bush, but then she paused as an idea entered her mind, “No, wait! What if this is part of the test? Seeing how we handle ourselves under pressure!”

“I don’t think they would do that…”

“But what if it is? You can’t be sure!” Nora turned back around and grabbed Ren’s shoulders, shaking him wildly. This violent motion proved to be a mistake, as it jostled all of the fluid in her bladder. Nora cringed at the painful sensation.

“They could be watching us right now!” She added, unaware of just how true that statement was.

“Nora, do I need to remind you about the day before the entrance exams?” Ren questioned flatly, softly removing his partner’s hands from himself.

“Hey that was different!” Nora objected, blushing slightly at the reminder of a past unfortunate battle against her bodily needs. “We hadn’t stopped for a day and you saw how much I drank!” The young huntress’s natural energy worked against her, as every one of her normal gesticulations shook her body and sloshed the liquid around inside of her.

“When’s the last time you went to the bathroom?” Ren asked, raising an eyebrow.

“Uh…” Nora paused in realization, “Well, let’s see, I woke up and was on my way to the bathroom, but then I remembered what day it was and saw that you weren’t awake yet, so I went to be sure you didn’t sleep in and miss the test. Then I woke you up. I was with you while getting ready and we ate breakfast and you had coffee and… and… I haven’t peed since last night…”

“And how much soda did you drink last night?”

“Look, that’s not fair! You know I can’t resist People Like Grapes soda! And I had to drink all four cans, since none of the other students took them.”

“That’s because you drank all of them before you offered to share.”

“Yes, well…” Nora tried to debate his point, but was cut short by a sudden wave of pressure. She twisted her legs around one another and held her hands over her abdomen.

As Ren looked over his teammate, locked in a hopeless battle against her own biology, he tried to resolve the problem before it became worse, “Look, I think you may just want to go now. It shouldn’t take too long and it’s best to minimize distractions in this forest.”

“No, it’s fine. I can hold it.” Nora said, more to herself than her partner.

“Are you sure?” Ren responded with a stern look.

“Yes, of course I’m sure!” Nora shouted back, a little offended. It was almost like he didn’t believe her! Like he was saying she wasn’t good enough! It was almost like Ren was challenging her holding skill! In fact, that’s what it was, a challenge! He was saying she wasn’t good enough.

‘Well, I’ll show him!’ Nora concluded. She resolved to prove herself. She would make it back to Beacon Academy completely dry.

“Alright, then. I guess we should be on our way.” Ren responded, dismissively. He figured Nora would come to her senses soon enough. After all, it was clearly the most logical decision to take the few minutes to relieve herself, rather than risk an accident during a fight.

A few minutes of walking later, Nora had managed to get her urge relatively under control. She trotted happily next to Ren, taking much more careful and measured steps than normal. Usually, the young initiate would be jumping around and bouncing off the walls- quite literally- but now, she took much smaller steps, her legs held close together, and much less bounce in her stride.

The orange-haired girl tried her best to distract herself from her aching bladder by focusing on the scenic environment around her.

“Oh, I like that tree, it’s got character!” She rambled, “That moss almost kind of looks like a heart. Aww! Like it’s talking to us. Hi, tree!” She said, waving at the plant in question.

“Wait.” Ren said, halting in sudden realization, “Didn’t we pass that tree already? Have we already been this way?”

“Maybe. Or… that tree could be following us! I’m onto you, tree!” Nora shouted, pointing accusingly at the lumber.

“I think we’re lost.”

“What, no way!” Nora shouted, hoping saying it loud enough would make it true, “We took a right turn, then a right, then another right, and then a right turn. There’s no way we’re lost!”

“Nora, we just went in a circle.” Ren admitted, burying his face in his palm, embarrassed he hadn’t noticed sooner.

“Really?” Nora asked, her right eye twitching. She began shifting uncomfortably from one foot to the other.

Normally, she wouldn’t mind, she got lost all the time. Now, however, was different. Getting lost meant they just used up a lot of time they could have been using to get back to the Academy so she could use the bathroom.

Ren though for a moment, “I think we need to get a better perspective. Maybe the view from on top of one of these trees would help.” He suggested.

Nora looked at him blankly. Just thinking about trying to climb a tree in her current state made her tremble in desperation. She rubbed her abdomen with one hand, trying to calm the furious ocean that was searching for an escape.

“Right.” Ren responded, “I’ll go up and see if I can find anything. You stay here and stand guard in case any Grimm show up.”

“R-Roger!” Nora strained out, giving a salute, her body still shaking.

“Are you sure you’re alright?”

“Yeah, I’m fine. Just kind of need to go potty, no big deal!” Nora answered, putting her dilemma mildly.

“Alright.” Ren responded, raising a quizzical eyebrow, “But, really, try not to push yourself too hard. You may want to think about taking care of that while I’m away.” He added before running off and jumping up a nearby tree.

“Eh, I’m fine.” Nora responded with a dismissive wave to thin air. At this point, even she wasn’t convinced of her words.

While Ren was searching, Nora leaned up against a tree and tried her best to think about anything other than the sweet relief of peeing. She pulled out her weapon, currently in the form of a grenade launcher, and checked it, making sure it was in working condition. Meanwhile, the Beacon initiate crossed her legs tightly. She could feel the pee trying to escape, it felt like it could burst out at any moment.

Playing around with Magnhild was doing nothing to help her situation. That was a sure sign that she was in real trouble!

Nora kept twitching as she tried to figure out anything to help her out of this situation. She hadn’t heard from Ren yet. Between her current predicament and her normal hyperactive nature, Nora’s perception of time was usually skewed. Still, it felt like she had been sitting alone for hours. Maybe it was time to give up her challenge and just go already.

Before she did, Nora needed to make sure she wouldn’t be interrupted.

“Hey, Ren! You see anything yet?” She called into the air. As she waited for a response, Nora began walking to a nearby set of bushes. She started to lift her skirt and prepared to grab the sides of her panties.

Just then, she got a response that made her freeze on the spot.

“I think I see another group of students nearby, so we can’t be too far off.”

Nora halted her march and groaned. Another group of students? Nearby? As in, they might cross paths with her and Ren? As open as Nora was, she still wasn’t too comfortable with the idea of some random other students walking in on her with her panties down in the forest.

‘What should I do?’ Nora thought, frantically, ‘I don’t know how much longer I can hold it! But I can’t risk being walked in on. It’d be so embarrassing, and then I’d have to go through the next four years in shame as the girl who goes around flashing people in the forest! Best case, we get partnered up with them and spend the whole time not being able to look each other in the eye. Worst case…’

She was so caught up in her own thoughts that she didn’t notice her teammate walking up behind her.

“There’s a clearing in the distance. I think that’s a good place to start our search.” Ren’s voice broke the silence.

Surprised by her the unexpected sounds of her friend’s monotone voice, Nora jumped and let out a small “Yipe!” With this sudden jolt, Nora could feel a small spurt escape into her panties. She shuddered as she felt the warm wetness spread over her more sensitive areas. It was only a little bit, but Nora knew this was a warning of what was to come if she didn’t act fast.

Quickly, the orange-haired girl leaned over, shoving her hands under her skirt. She continued shifting from right to left, gritting her teeth as she tried to combat the internal pressure.

“Nora, are you alright?” Ren asked in surprise. He assumed Nora took the logical route and peed while he was in the tree, so he thought something new must be wrong.

“Yeah, I’m fine...” She said through gritted teeth.

“Are you sure?” He persisted, somehow seeing through Nora’s masterful ruse, “We don’t want to risk your abilities being impaired if we run into any trouble.”

Nora groaned as she twisted one leg over the other. She didn’t want to give in and admit she couldn’t keep control through the whole test, but she also didn’t want to wet herself.

That’s when the idea struck her. That’s it! “Her abilities”! Her Semblance could help her solve this without having to give up on Ren’s challenge.

Quickly, Nora focused and shifted the electrical energy through her body to strengthen her Kegel muscles and help hold it in. This worked rather well. True, all the pressure was still present in her abdomen, but it no longer felt like she was about to lose control. If the young huntress could keep this power up, she knew she would be able to hold it for several more hours, no problem.

Once she was sure of her new control, Nora straightened up and looked at Ren with a smile. “Yup! All good. No problems at all! Let’s get going!” She said, giving a thumbs up.

Ren stared at her for a second with a sigh. He was pretty sure he figured out what was going on, but he also knew there was no arguing with Nora when she got like this.

“Alright, then. It’s this way.” He said, ushering her along in the direction of the clearing he saw.

Nora happily bounded along after him, humming a tune to try and appear nonchalant. Or, at least as nonchalant as the bubbly girl could. She returned to her normal, bouncy gate, trying to maintain the illusion that she was completely alright.

With every step, Nora could feel the liquid in her bladder push down on her muscles, trying to escape. She had to admit, this was a very strange sensation. Certainly, she had tested her Semblance on many different and strange muscles before, but this was the first time she had used it quite like this. She was aware of and could feel her bulging bladder, pushing up against her armored waistband, but she couldn’t feel the usual tingling that came with being in such desperate straits. It felt kind of exciting, actually. She might have to experiment with this later, when her life isn’t in possible peril.

This strange train of thought was interrupted when the duo heard a violent rustling in the forest behind them. Nora turned around and drew her weapon. Ren began cautiously approaching the noise to investigate.

No sooner did he peer past the trees than a vicious howl sounded and a pack of four Beowolves pounced at the team to attack. The one in front looked somewhat familiar. At that moment, the duo remembered the Beowolf Nora had tried to ride earlier. While it was rendered unconscious, they never finished it off. It had probably been tracking them.

Ren skillfully dodged out of the way. Nora managed to jump back before one of the wolves got to her; she lifted her weapon and quickly shot a grenade directly into its face. She could feel the heat from the explosion, but could see it was worth it once the smoke cleared and the creature was on the ground.

Nora knew this meant the team was in for a serious fight. Still, she was afraid of going all out in the battle. Even with her Semblance as added security, she didn’t want to devote too much energy into swinging her hammer around, even if that would be more effective. Between the two of them, she was sure they could handle these Grimm, no problem, even if she wasn’t giving her all.

Instead, Nora kept her distance and took aim with her grenade launcher, trying to line up a good shot, but the Grimm were moving around too quickly. Each shot she took, they ducked out of the way, rendering the huntress in training’s attacks ineffective.

Ren noticed Nora’s change in strategy and tried to assist her. He continued to nimbly dodge around the Beowolves’ attacks as much as possible. He struck them with his open palms and aura, trying to push them into the path of the projectiles. Even so, there was only so much he could do against all three of the remaining Grimm.

Soon, Ren was caught off guard and knocked to the ground by one of the creature’s swinging claws. He skidded to a halt near his teammate with a grunt.

It was then that Nora realized just how dangerous this situation really was. Now was not the time for messing around. One of them could get seriously hurt.

Steeling her nerves, Nora swung Magnhild out and switched it into its hammer form. She focused her energy into her arms and planted her feet, waiting as the Beowolves charged in. Once the creatures were within reach, Nora twisted in a wide swing and caught all three of the wolves with her hammer, sending them flying against a tree with a heavy impact. They fell to the ground and didn’t get up.

Once it was clear the threat was gone and the adrenaline wore off, Nora realized something. While she got rid of the Grimm, focusing that energy into her arms required her to take it away from somewhere else.

Nora was far past her limit, and her bladder wasn’t about to pass up this opportunity. She felt a small trickle begin to flow out into her panties. She twisted her legs together and shoved her hands beneath her skirt, trying her best to do anything to stem the flow, but her muscles were too fatigued from holding for so long. There was no stopping it this time.

Ren stood up and dusted himself off, “Good work, Nora.” He commented, turning to his partner only to be met with the sight of her body contorted in agony as she fought her last, losing battle for control.

“Ren, it’s happening!” She shouted frantically.

“What?” He asked in confusion.

“I’m tinkling!”

Nora’s legs grew weak and she fell to her knees, legs splayed to the side. As she did this, the flood gates completely burst open and the stream grew much heavier.

Thinking quickly, Nora removed her hands from between her legs and lifted up her skirt, revealing her pink, lacy panties and the dark patch around her crotch. By now, she realized there was no stopping it, so instead she decided to minimize the damage.

A hiss sounded through the air as the teammates stood in stunned silence at what was occurring. The stream grew even louder and the spot on her panties grew even larger and darker. Within seconds, her panties could contain no more. The urine began spilling out from the sides, winding a path down her thighs and pooling on the ground around her knees, creating a yellow puddle below her.

After about a minute of this, a new sensation filled Nora. She let out a moan of pleasure. Sure, it was kind of embarrassing to wet herself, but she couldn’t deny that the relief felt amazing. It felt warm, relaxing… and a little bit tingly. Again, this was something she might need to investigate further when she got back to the Academy.

Another minute and a half went by with Nora washed away in the sheer pleasure of finally letting it all go. Finally, the stream died down and the hissing subsided.

Nora sighed again and stood up, a few drops still falling from her now drenched panties. She looked around, blushing slightly as she realized just what had happened.

“Feeling better?” Ren asked flatly from his new position sitting against a tree.

“Oh, so much better!” Nora commented happily.

Nora smoothed her dress back into place. As she did this, she grabbed the sides of her panties and carefully slid them off from under her skirt. She stepped out of them, being sure to avoid touching the puddle on the ground.

“Nora! What are you doing?” Her teammate shouted, shocked.

“What? It’s not like it’s the first time I’ve gone commando.” She said, wringing out her panties before balling them up. “And I can’t just go walking around with wet underwear on.”

“Are you sure it won’t be a problem walking around so… bare?”

“Nah.” She responded, slipping her soaked panties into a pouch on her back. “This skirt is designed for combat, it’s not like it’s going to go flying up or anything.”

“Wait!” Nora shouted, suddenly, “Bare… bare… bear…” She repeated to herself. Then, a lightbulb went off in her head.

“Bear! I should ride an Ursa! That would be perfect! It would be big enough to ride and tough enough that it won’t pass out.”

“Seriously?”

“Absolutely! Come on, let’s go find one!” Nora shouted, taking off and sprinting deeper into the forest.

“Wait, Nora!” Ren called out, chasing after her.

*021*2016-01-20 00:26

{{: 

Are you planning on writing a chapter with Blake and yang?

}}

Indeed I am. Don't really have an E.T.A. on when that should be along, since the semester is just getting started back up for me, but I'll try to have that along in the next couple weeks.

