My first Fiction - Page 2

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*025*2013-12-19 16:02

{{: 

Wouldn't mind if possible seeing a new character named Brooke introduced she could be a friend of Melissa or someone new that. Carrie could meet alone during so she watches Brooke wet herself in school and takes pleasure in seeing Brroke embressed and decides to befriend her. Acting first like feeling sorry for her and saying it happens to everyone but on the inside (well until the demon leaves her body) decides to make Brooke always wet herself.

}}

Interesting idea there, I'll take that into consideration.

On another note, I intend to do more with Cleo's 'little feeling' upon seeing Casey's accident (you might know what it is xD ).

*026*2013-12-28 18:19

Alright, I’m running out of witty Chapter Introductions so off with that and in with the new, for now. Here comes Chapter 6! On another note, there are some new introductions to happen in the next few Chapters along with me having a Co-Writer to help lighten the load of Chapters so you can possibly expect an increase in Chapter posts coming in the near future. Do not worry though, my Co-Writer doesn’t have any more information on the direction my story is going than you, my audience, does. You can find a condensed version of all my chapters so far, without the comments in between and in chronological order (surprisingly!), in the fiction submissions section. All of my upcoming Chapters shall be transferred there about a week after they’ve been out so keep a watch of this topic and the fiction section if you miss anything! Enough dithering from me, here’s the Chapter.

Chapter 6

There was definitely something different about Carrie now, there was no doubt about it. Something must have caused her to snap and become this… whatever… she is now. Casey was starting to doubt her own beliefs on what Carrie had witnessed. Only the downfall of her ‘rival’ could cause such a change in personality. Casey was not about to give up on bringing Carrie back to her senses.

“What are you? Stupid?! It’s clear that something has definitely changed in you! Don’t think you can fool me, I know you too well and Carrie would never, not even if she had been severely mistreated, plan revenge. That’s not like her at all!”

“Of course I wouldn’t! What do you take me for? Revenge is beneath me, it’s unbecoming of a young lady!” Is what Carrie wanted to say, but instead she said “Oh really? You think you know me that well? Huh? Let’s shatter that delusion of an underdeveloped mind which you possess. You don’t know me at all, I’m an enigma to you and you only know what I want you to know. Everyone has their secrets. Now, please, if you would so kindly remove yourself from my person and release the barbaric iron grip which you have on me now, that would be most appreciated. Otherwise, will I have to call a teacher over and act like an injured lamb in order for you to release me? What will it be? Sister, dearest?” The last statement was delivered with such sarcasm that it made Casey feel like she was talking to a complete stranger and not her sister. If this stranger wasn’t wearing her sister’s face, she would have punched her lights out for such a twisted show of hate.

Casey released her grip from Carrie and turned towards Cleo.

“Happy now?” She asked, sadness mixed with anger clear in her voice.

“Thank you. Now, I’ll be going.” Carrie replied.

Carrie turned and headed towards the ladder out of the pool.

“Stupid... She’s not Carrie.”

“How could you call her that?” Cleo exclaimed, shocked at her sister’s outburst. “It’s true that she seems a little different, but she’s still Carrie. She’s still your sister.”

“SHE’S NOT CARRIE! SHE’S NOT!” Casey shouted. All of the other students in the pool turned in her direction. All eyes were on Casey now.

Cleo flinched, startled by her sister. She was now at a loss for words.

“Casey…”

Carrie was just about to head back to her form room as the lesson was nearing its end when she heard Casey’s shout.

“What’s happening to me? Why can’t I think straight? Why did I say that to Casey? Who have I become?” A thousand thoughts were all rushing about in Carrie’s mind focusing on one main subject: “What is wrong with me?” She wanted to run back to the pool and comfort her Sister but she had no control over her body. Something else was pulling her strings, something which was incorporeal and couldn’t be seen, heard or felt, something which had no material form, something which could be summed up in a single word: HATE. Hate was now in control of Carrie, pure unbridled hate for Melissa, a feeling which had been sleeping insider her for the past 4 long years. Hate for how she treated Cleo, hate for how she nearly got Casey expelled and a personal hate for how she always acts like everyone else is lower than the ground she walks on. Carrie strode towards her form room, a plan formulating in her head, a plan which was sure to destroy Melissa.

“Let’s have some fun.” Carrie’s hate thought.

“Why can’t I stop? I don’t want to do this. STOP! Please…” Carrie’s conscience objected.

“Casey, could you please refrain from shouting during a lesson. I know we’re nearly finished for today but could you please save that for lunch time?” The swimming coach lectured regarding Casey’s outburst.

“Fine! Whatever!” Casey retorted, the slight sting of tears apparent in her tone.

The rest of the lesson seemed to drag on; nobody noticed the disappearance of Carrie a few minutes earlier. All of the students were called together to go over the lesson’s goals and see if they had met what they were meant to have and what the aims for next lesson will be. All the students were dismissed to go back to their form rooms and get changed.

During the walk back to form 9R3, Cleo and Casey remained silent. Not a single word came from each of them. Cleo could see tears welling up in Casey eyes, she felt powerless, she can’t help her sister. Anything which she says now may only cause the pain to increase. She watched Casey in silence, hating herself for what she said back in the pool.

“What can I do?” Cleo thought to herself.

Lunch Time. Brooke was making her way towards where she thought the Cafeteria was. Brooke had only been attending RCGA for about 3 months. She transferred to Rose Creek due to her Father being offered a better business opportunity which would be beneficial to both his job and Brooke. Brooke was a petite 12 year old girl of 4’7; she had blonde shoulder length hair and blue eyes. She was wearing a white long sleeve shirt with a picture of a red haired girl with a chocolate coated biscuit stick in her mouth on it. To anyone who was familiar with the ‘Madoka Magica’ franchise, they would instantly recognize this red-haired girl as Sakura Kyouko. Over her white shirt she was wearing a back unbuttoned vest-shirt. She was also wearing a red skirt which went down to just above her knees, white ankle high socks and black and white shoes. Around her neck she wore a cherished golden locket which originally belonged to her grandmother.

Unbeknownst to her, the direction which Brooke was heading in was actually leading to the Year 9’s wing of the second floor.

Brooke made her way along the corridor when she was stopped by a long line of Year 9’s making their way to their form rooms after what appeared to be a swimming lesson, considering they were all wearing the Academy’s swimsuits. In the line, she saw two girls which looked like they had just heard some bad news. One of the girls, a girl with Chestnut brown hair and green eyes, looked like she was close to tears and the smaller girl next to her, a girl with ash blonde hair and also green eyes, looked like she was also about to start crying any moment now.

“Not this way.” Brooke thought to herself

Near the back of the line heading towards where Brooke was standing was a girl with raven black hair and piercing blue eyes. Minus the fact that she was also in a swimsuit, her flawless looks and irresistibly cute features made her see like she just stepped out of a world famous modelling magazine, that illusion was shattered when she addressed Brooke.

“Move it, plebeian! You’re in my way.” The girl said as she shoved Brooke to the side.

Not wanting to create a scene and also due to the abrupt introduction, Brooke hastily made her way back to the common room.

She found on a wall at the back of the common room a map detailing the layout of the Academy. It turns out that she was heading in the right direction, just not on the right floor. She backtracked and went down the stairs to the ground floor and headed towards the cafeteria.

The choice of food in the Rose Creek cafeteria was pretty much the general stuff you find in most schools. Sandwiches, fruit, crisps, chips, curries, veggie burgers, you name it, they had it. Students were never left without choice in what to eat for lunch. Unlike other schools, Rose Creek hadn’t adopted the ‘healthy eating’ scheme. All kinds of foods were available, not just foods which were deemed ‘healthy eating’. The way the Head Teacher of the Academy saw it was “We should not limit students as to what they can and cannot eat. We should let them have free choice and allow them whatever foods they wish to eat.” That is the main reason why most students at RCGA didn’t bring a packed lunch.

Brooke purchased her lunch and sat down at an empty table to eat.

Lunch at the academy lasted for about 40 minutes, this gave ample time for the students to do what they wished to do before having to attend their last two lessons for the day. Most of the time, the sheer length of the queue in the cafeteria took up about half of the designated lunch time so the students had to practically demolish their lunch in half the time they would normally want to eat their lunch in.

While Brooke was eating her lunch, a girl with pale blonde hair and crystal blue eyes sat down opposite her and started eating some ham salad sandwiches. Brooke saw the girl and started to get up and walk away.

“Sorry, there were no other seats left. Lunch queues in this school are horrendous. I hope I’m not bothering you.” The girl said as she saw Brooke start to move away. “I can move if you want, you don’t need to mind me. I’ll be quick, I promise.”

For some strange reason, Brooke thought against moving away from this girl. She seemed nice enough, plus, moving to this school was meant to be a new start for her so it would be defeating the point if she didn’t attempt to at least make one friend while she was here.

“I-I don’t mind. You can stay.” Brooke said quietly.

“Thanks. You won’t even know I’m here.” The girl replied.

Brooke examined the girl while eating the rest of her lunch. She looked like she was in the same year as her but the girl was a little bit taller than Brooke. What stood out the most was the girl’s short pale blonde hair. It was nearly pure white in the light of the sun. Her crystal blue eyes were also another predominant feature. She looked like she wasn’t from around here but she spoke no differently from anyone else. She was wearing a white t-shirt with a musical note on the front and music scores at the ends of the sleeves. From what Brooke could tell, the girl was wearing a pair of light blue shorts and she could just see the matching light blue ankle socks and trainers. The girl also had a pair of headphones around her neck concealing the silver chain of a necklace which appeared to be hidden from view.

The rest of lunch went on with the girl playing around with something on her phone after finishing her sandwiches. Afterwards she stood up and took the empty sandwich wrapper and walked towards the bin. She then collected her white shoulder bag off the floor.

“See you around.” She said to Brooke.

“W-wait.” Brooke called after her. She didn’t know why she did this but now wasn’t the time for second guessing herself. “What’s your name? I kind of liked your company and I wouldn’t mind it again.” Brooke had no idea why she was suddenly asking a girl who she’d only just met her name. It’s true; she did kind of like sitting with her. maybe it was just the calm, approachable aura which this girl seemed to have which allowed Brooke to overcome her fear and want to make friends with her.

“My name? It’s Milly. What’s yours? You seem kind of nice as well.”

“Brooke.” Brooke replied.

“Pleased to meet you.” Milly answered.

End of Chapter 6

Two new characters have been introduced, Carrie seems to have lost the plot, Melissa's pushing around Year 8's and I'm also running out of witty Post Scripts. That brings about the end of Chapter 6. Nyro out!

*028*2013-12-28 18:52

It was my initial intention to add Milly later but as the opportunity arose, I thought I could take advantage of it. Did you read my earlier descriptions of the characters? If you did your questions should be answered. Brooke, however, has never met the triplets or Melissa so she wouldn't know who they were, call it character information, a little trick I learned from AD&D RP and reading. ^^

*031*2013-12-31 11:08

Mini story time! Don't ask me why I'm doing this, I just thought I might as a little 'gap-bridger' between chapter releases. Don't worry, it's not completely random, it's relevant to the story but just not at this particular moment in time. Nonetheless, I thought I'd post it now while the next chapter is still in production, give you a little teaser at what's to come. I dedicate this story to the very bane of my existence, the eight legged monstrosities which are called "Spiders". Arachnophobia sufferers, beware!

Spider, Spider! Where are you hiding?

Through a small crack in the curtains, the warm sunlight trickled into the room, welcoming another morning. Three beds, each with its own little resident still sleeping inside, wrapping them in a cocoon of bedsheets and covers. In the bed to the furthest left, the covers slowly stirred. Pushing the covers aside, sitting up and rubbing the grogginess of sleep out of her emerald green eyes, Cleo broke the wrappings of her bed off her.

A small yawn escaped her lips as she climbed out of her bed. Sitting on the left side of her bed, she switched her still waiting alarm off. Cleo always awoke early at the weekends, she didn't know why, she claimed that it was the fact she had the whole day to do whatever she pleased which caused her to awake before Midday. At the corner of her eye, she spied a black shadow skitter away. She looked in the direction of the movement but saw nothing.

"Must be the light playing tricks on me. It could have been the curtain's shadow." She quietly said to herself.

Disregarding the bizarre phenomenon which had just occurred, she stood up and made her way to her wardrobe to get ready for another day. She picked out a pair of pink ribbon panties, a yellow floral pattern dress and a pair of white heart print socks. After she had finished changing out of her pink nightgown, she walked out of her room and headed towards the bathroom to finish her wake-up routine.

In the corners of her room, the black shadow remained. It skittered along the roof in pursuit of her.

In the bathroom, while Cleo was finishing up her routine by brushing her teeth she saw, in the corner of the bathroom just above the shower head, a Daddy Long-legs spider. She cringed at the sight a little, but determined it to be pointless unease, it was a distance from her and she would be able to see it if it moved towards her. She paid no attention to the same black shadow, which had been haunting her for this short amount of time, behind the shower curtain, she couldn't see it anyway.

Strangely, June, Cleo's Mother, hadn't called her to breakfast yet and Casey and Carrie, who were normally up before Cleo anyway, hadn't even showed a single sign of getting up.

"Mom and Dad are probably out shopping and Carrie and Casey will be up soon." She quietly calmed herself. "I should probably head down to breakfast now."

After spitting out the last remaining residue of toothpaste and rinsing her mouth, Cleo turned towards the door. In the quick movement she made, she saw a familiar black shadow behind the Shower curtain. It appeared to have a more defined form in the light of the sun. It looked like it had a large round body and...maybe...more than two legs? She shook her head to remove any thought of it.

"It's the shadow of the Daddy Long-Legs. It just looks bigger because the sun's on it." However, she didn't feel too confident about her assessment of the situation. Something was definitely off today. For one, the carpets feel softer than normal and they also feel slightly...sticky?

Cleo walked downstairs and into the kitchen. On the table, there was only one plate of food. One? Why just one? The plate was positioned where Cleo normally sits. Strange, had her Mother forgot to prepare breakfast for her sisters?

"I'm just over-thinking things, maybe their breakfast is in the Microwave. Mom knows that I'm an early riser at the weekends." Tentatively, she sat down at the table. Breakfast was, like normal for a Saturday, a full English breakfast of eggs, chips, sausage and beans. Cleo started eating the food. Everything on the plate seemed a little softer and more spongy than normal, this didn't stop Cleo from eating it though.

The black shadow was waiting outside the kitchen on the top of the open door. Eight legs then skittered towards the front door.

Cleo was half-way through eating her breakfast when she heard a hissing sound and a bang from the hallway. She jumped at the sudden noise and cautiously approached the origin of the strange sound. The hallway seemed normal but one thing was slightly off, there were small black shapes around the front door. Millions of tiny little black dots around the edges of the door frame. They seemed to be moving in a strange erratic pattern, like they were weaving something into the very foundation of the door. Cleo reached towards the door handle to turn it and see if the shadow would leave through the door. When she placed a hand on the door handle she turned it and pushed forwards.

The door wouldn't budge.

She tried again and again but to no avail. The strange black shapes made their way to the centre of the door. Cleo yelped and quickly pulled her hand back when she realised what they were.

They were spiders...

The spiders seemed to organise themselves into a pattern on the door. This pattern formed words, words which made Cleo shiver in fright.

"Going somewhere, Cleo?"

Cleo now noticed why everything seemed a little different. The door now turned into a large spider web with a basketball sized spider in the centre. Cleo screamed and fell backwards onto the floor. Was it a floor? It felt sticky and soft. This wasn't the tiled passageway, it was a spider web! Cleo's black shadow stalker returned and brought itself into the light of the sun on a strand of silk. It was a huge spider! It hissed at Cleo and waved its fangs in her direction. a green fluid was dripping out of them.

"No! No no no no NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Cleo screamed as she hastily forced herself to stand up. She retreated backwards looking for a means of escape. She looked into the kitchen where a huge mass of black eight legged demons resided. Something caught her eye as she scanned the table. The plate of half eaten food which she left was now a half eaten spider. Cleo gagged at the thought of what she had eaten. She doubled over and emptied it out on the webbed flooring.

"This is a bad dream, this is a bad, dream, this is a bad dream!" Kept running through Cleo's mind. "Wake up now, Cleo. WAKE UP!"

The spider in the hallway now dropped onto the floor and skittered after Cleo. She quickly turned and headed back up the...stairs? The stairs were gone, in their place lay a large number of spiders skittering around the webs. She heard the hiss of her pursuer and, swallowing her fear, ran up the spiders.

Crunch, crunch, crunch.

The exoskeleton of the spiders cracked under Cleo's weight, bathing her foot in their internal organs. The landing was in her sight.

Clink, clink, clink, clink. Hisssss! Snap, snap!

Her pursuer was right behind her, hissing and snapping its fangs in an attempt at biting her heel. Cleo made it to the landing which was now, like the rest of the house, a giant spider web. Cleo wished this web of torment and fear would end soon. She could barely move because of how scared she was. Spiders lined the landing, milling about and weaving more traps for Cleo and boosts for her relentless assailant. She quickly ran to her room and slammed the door behind her. She heard a squeal of pain and a loud crunch as her spider assassin was crushed between the door and its frame. She was safe at last.

Or so she thought.

Her room was one huge web as well. In each corner rested a spider the size of a St. Bernard Dog hissing and clinking their fangs at her.

"When will this end?!" Cleo cried out as tears started falling down her face. There was no escape now. She pinched her arm in an attempt at waking herself up. She felt the pain, but no pull back to reality. She fell to the floor in defeat, paralysed with fear.

"Disappear. Disappear. Leave me alone. Go away. Wake up. Wake up."

Thud!

Something fell on the floor in front of Cleo. She opened her eyes, think this couldn't get any worse, when she was greeted by the largest spider she had ever seen., It was about six feet tall and six feet long. It snapped its fangs at Cleo and edged closer. Cleo was terrified by this abomination, this spawn from hell itself. This must be a demon spider, one fashioned from the very core of fear and hatred towards the Arachnid family. Cleo couldn't move, her body was locked into place, her heart was pounding as fast as it could. The spider turned and then everything went black.

Cleo finally thought that the nightmare had ended. Until...

When light had returned to Cleo's eyes, she found she couldn't move any part of her body. It felt like her limbs had been super-glued together. She struggled in a vain attempt at shattering the shackles and bonds which held her. She looked down and saw that she was wrapped in a Spider's Cocoon. In front of her was the Hell Spawn Spider, snapping its fangs and making green liquid fall from them. Cleo's struggling became more frantic now until she felt a sting in her leg. The spider had bitten her. All strength drained from her body and she felt hot and feverish. The spider then raised one of its eight legs until it stood just above Cleo's chest. She screamed as loud as she could and then.

Schink!

The leg thrust through her chest. Cleo felt the blinding pain of the wound. She screamed again.

"Kyaaaaaaaa!"

Cleo was finally in her own bed again. The dark of night thick throughout the room

"Cleo, you okay there?" A voice said, half asleep, from the bed which Casey should be sleeping in. "Had a bad dream or something?"

Upon hearing it a second time, she knew it was Casey's voice. Cleo couldn't hold back the tears.

"It was just a dream, Sis. No need to cry over it. Now go back to sleep, okay?" Casey said as she turned over to go back to sleep.

Cleo hid herself under her covers and found that her bedsheets were sodden. Her waist was also warm and clammy.

"First that nightmare, and now this?" Cleo realised that the dream had more of an adverse affect on her than she thought. "I can't sleep in this. And I don't think that Mom or Dad would be too happy if I stripped my bed right now. Nothing else for it, I'll have to see if they'll let me sleep with them, like last time."

The only other time which Cleo had a similar event like the one which just transpired was back when she was six years old. She had a nightmare about dolls after reading a book detailing a Japanese myth that dolls gain their own soul after being with a family for over 100 years. She's never had dolls since then, especially the traditional Button-eyed ones, as she thinks that they already have a soul trapped in them due to their lack of eyes, which are sometimes considered a portal for a soul to escape from.

She changed out of her soaked panties and nightdress and placed them on her bed.

"Mom'll want all the washing together."

She went to the bathroom, carrying a torch to light her way and reveal any spider which may be residing in the shadows. She was scared but she knew it had to be done. When she got in the Bathroom, she turned the light on and proceeded to clean herself up and remove any more urine which may still be inside her. She flushed the toilet, turned the light off and went back to her room to put on a clean pair of panties and a clean nightdress. She headed to her parents room.

She knocked on the door and opened it slowly. Timothy, Cleo's father, was the one to turn the bedside light on.

"What is it, sweetie?" He asked.

"I had a bad dream." Cleo answered, the evidence of her statement clear in the red marks by the sides of her eyes.

"Well, it was just a dream. So go back to sleep." June stated.

"I can't." Cleo answered.

"Why not?" June replied, slightly agitated at the disturbance.

"I, I had an accident." Cleo said, head hung in shame. "Can I sleep with you. I've cleaned myself up, just not my bed yet. Please?"

"Alright. But don't make any noise." June gave in to Cleo's pleading eyes.

"Thanks, Mom" Cleo replied, a smile on her face.

"Don't make this a habit, okay? You're too old for this now."

End

There you have it, Cleo' spider infested web of fear, fangs, legs and tears.

And thus the spider's web has been spun,

​a silken nightmare of fangs and fear.

But, to no end, shall Cleo still run, and the spiders shall continue, their goal still clear.

With this, my tale is done, but that is not the end of Cleo's suffering, no, not here.

Beware the Skittering legs.

*033*2013-12-31 12:21

Yeah, I know. It would have been better suited for Halloween. However, I've got something else planned for then, unless I inadvertently place it in beforehand. xD

*035*2013-12-31 17:01

I feel kinda bad for putting Cleo through all this. I'm practically picking on her all the time. I guess it's because that's how I've fashioned her character, she's meant to be the one who's always picked on so everyone feels bad for her. There's only one other character who we've met who could also be put through this. I don't want to name names so I'll leave you guessing. If you want to give up, click the spoiler but don't tell anyone else as they may like the surprise.

{{: 

Hint, it's Melissa

}}

*037*2013-12-31 17:26

All in good time. The trigger switch hasn't been put into place yet, the circuit is still incomplete, the catalyst has yet to enter the reaction.

In short, my random Science jargon there basically meant that Cleo needs to witness something, like she did back in the science lesson, before it will happen again. I've set the ball rolling, we must wait until it completes its circuit before a reaction will take place. We should see it again in the next few Chapters.

Every action has a reaction, every choice has a consequence, and no panties shall remain dry for much longer.

*039*2014-01-01 13:51

Redemption is always an option for any character in a story, it just depends on whether the writer wants it to happen.

Mercilessness is also an option. >:)

*041*2014-01-01 19:05

Truth be told, as a writer, I enjoy writing about all my characters. Each character in my story I've tried to give a unique personality to, just seeing all these in action is good. ^^

Predicting further questions, the easiest character to write is, as you can probably tell, Cleo. Reason being what I have already stated.

The hardest character to write so far has been Carrie. She's got quite a difficult personality which is on the threshold between being a total stuck up ### and an over-pressured girl who's only trying to act upon expectations.

Melissa has actually been quite easy to write about, considering I'm familiar with her sort of characteristics from the various animes I've watched.

Lastly, all of my characters I've taken personalities from the animes I've seen and given them my own flair. Thought I may state that, consider it useless information. xD

*043*2014-01-01 19:33

That'll be difficult as several personalities have seemed to merge into one in most of my characters. I can, however, give character similarities from animes I have seen:

Cleo: Hinata from Ro-Kyu-Bu! (cute little ball of pure moe!)

Carrie: Saki from Ro-Kyu-Bu! (cool beauty)

Casey: Dekomori (to some extent) from Chuunibyou demo koi ga shitai. (tomboy)

Melissa: Azuki Azusa (with her façade) from Hentai Prince and the Stony Cat (Himedere)

Brooke: Not my work, down to the creator to decide

Milly: Can't really see any similarities but she's still new.

*045*2014-01-02 00:22

It appears that I've accidently given away quite the spoiler in my last post. If you know each of the characters I've referrenced you may be able to pull out quite a large understanding of how my characters may develop. ^^

*047*2014-01-02 19:17

There have been a few questions regarding Melissa and a potential change in personality with her throughout the story lately. I’m just going to re-iterate what I’ve said in a previous comment: “No character is beyond redemption if the writer so wishes for them to be saved.” This basically means that, if you wish for Melissa to be redeemed, speak now or forever hold your peace. (xD) I would recommend that you read through this Chapter before voicing your opinion as it may change, but I may be wrong. (Hooray! Italics ^^) Alright, enough from me, on with the story!

Chapter 7

Throughout lunch, Carrie was nowhere to be seen. When Cleo and Casey got back to their form room, Carrie’s bag was gone and she was also nowhere to be found. Cleo wondered what could have gotten into her Sister, Carrie wasn’t normally like this and she would never say such hateful things to Casey, let alone insult her. Something was definitely different about her, but Cleo couldn’t place it.

Casey and Cleo sat in silence and picked at their lunch, they didn’t feel hungry at all. Melissa saw the two of them sitting without Carrie and also wondered where she had gone. Melissa wanted to talk to them, but she knew it would seem like she was their ‘friend’ to anyone who was watching and she didn’t want that false assumption to even be thought about in any of the other student’s minds, it was just ludicrous. However, Melissa also didn’t want to just sit there and do nothing when she could take advantage of this situation and understand just what had caused them to be separated like this and use that against her most hated enemy. So, also in silence she edged closer to where they were sitting, trying to make it seem like she wasn’t attempting to listen in on their conversation, if they were going to have one, even though it was painstakingly obvious to anyone paying attention.

Cleo finally broke the silence between the two.

“Maybe we should look for Carrie and try and talk with her?”

“No.” Casey replied.

“Why not? Maybe she has a reason for acting like she is?”

“So what?”

“Maybe we might be able to get her to talk to us again. It must be hard for her as well, we’ve never been separated like this before.”

“I don’t care. That girl is not Carrie.”

“What do you mean? She is Carrie, who else could she be.”

“She’s not Carrie.”

“Will this conversation ever go anywhere? It’s boring me.” Melissa thought to herself regarding the lack of conversation in this exchange of sentences and two to three word answers.

“Fine! If you’re not going to look for her, I will!” Cleo had had enough of Casey’s stubbornness, She packed away the snacks which could be put away and stormed out of the cafeteria.

“That’s not like her at all! Cleo wouldn’t do that, she’s normally the one who just goes along with everything. Something must seriously be up! And I WILL find out what it is!” Melissa leaned forward a little too much and fell of her chair in the process with a loud THUD! Her chair clattered to the floor behind her, attracting the attention of everyone else in the cafeteria including the two girls who were just about to leave.

They walked over to Melissa and one of the girls, a girl with nearly pure white hair and crystal blue eyes, crouched down by Melissa and asked.

“Are you okay? You really shouldn’t lean on your chair so much like that. You could hurt yourself pretty badly.”

Melissa’s face turned bright red and she quickly picked herself up off the ground.

“O-of course I am! I wasn’t leaning on my chair at all! One of the chair legs must have been broken and that’s what caused me to fall.”

The girl just chuckled in reply.

“Alright, if you say so. Just be a little more careful next time, okay?”

Melissa couldn’t believe how much of a fool she must have looked having a girl, who’s most probably her junior due to the fact that she was just a little smaller than Melissa herself, lecturing her on how dangerous it is to be leaning on a chair.

“I-I don’t need you telling me how to sit on a chair! I know perfectly well how dangerous it is to lean on a chair, but I was trying… er, I mean, I was not leaning on my chair! The floor tiles must be a little uneven and that’s why I fell!”

“But didn’t you just say…“ This time, the smaller of the two girls, a girl with shoulder length blonde hair and blue eyes, who was slightly hiding behind the other girl, spoke.

“I know what I said! Plebeian! Now be quiet!” Melissa replied hastily, her face still bright red with embarrassment. She picked up the chair behind her and then grabbed her bag and stalked off out of the cafeteria.

“What a strange girl. But, I have to say, she sure has a nice dress. I wouldn’t mind one like that myself.” Milly said as she watched the black haired girl make her way out of the cafeteria.

Brooke was still hiding behind Milly.

“Well, lunch is nearly over so I think we should be heading to our next lesson. What do you have next, Brooke? I’ve got English.” Milly asked Brooke.

“I have English next, too.”

“Seriously? Who have you got? I’ve got Mrs Bluebell.”

“Mrs Bluebell.” Brooke replied quietly

“Alright then. Let’s go!” Milly lead the way out of the Cafeteria.

Brooke could feel the signs in her bladder, which had been there throughout most of lunch, which indicated that she needed to relieve herself but, being the shy girl that she is, she didn’t want to let Milly know that.

“I really should go but… I can hold it through English, I’m sure of it!” Brooke thought. “It’s quite bad but I know I can hold it! I’m not a child.” However, she still wasn’t quite as sure as she made out she was. She followed Milly out of the cafeteria to not alert her that something was wrong.

Cleo felt bad for how she just rushed out of the cafeteria and left Casey by herself, but she knew that Casey would be too stubborn to listen to her so she had no other option if she wanted to find out just what had gotten into Carrie. She spent the remainder of lunch searching for Carrie but she couldn’t find her so, reluctantly, she made her way to her next lesson.

“Carrie’s sure to be there. Then I can ask her just what is wrong with her.”

Sure enough, Carrie was sitting in her usual seat for Mathematics Lessons, Melissa was also there sitting down and glaring at Carrie. She probably thought no one knew what she was doing, although she couldn’t have telegraphed it more even if she tried. Carrie was just staring at Melissa and grinning to herself. Cleo took a deep breath and made her way towards Carrie to try and talk to her.

“Carrie, what’s wrong? Why did you say that to Casey?”

“Because it was the truth, why else? That girl needs to lean that brawn isn’t everything in this world. Although I guess she is too dim-witted to know that, having the near animal intelligence that she does. More importantly, how can you, being the cry-baby that you are, manage to work up the courage to come here by yourself? Casey’s left you too? I, for one, know that she’ll be better off not having to drag a worthless girl like you, who thinks that crying can solve everything, around with her.”

Cleo stepped back, tears started to well up in her eyes. She now knew what Casey meant when she said that this girl was not Carrie. Carrie would never say something so cold and cruel like that to anyone, let alone Cleo, who she took upon herself to protect and prevent any harm coming to.

“Go on, cry-baby Cleo, cry away. Let those tears roll down your face, see how much good that does you. I know you’re about to, I can see it in your eyes. Just do it and get it over with already, I don’t want it messing up my education. Or maybe you can take yourself away and cry your heart out in the hallway. I don’t care. Now, if you would please, leave me to prepare for the lesson ahead.”

Cleo couldn’t hold back the tears any more. She ran out of the room crying. Carrie just sat there and smiled to herself, looking pleased at what she had done.

“Bawl away, cry-baby. See who will come to dry your tears. Just don’t expect me to, you useless waste of a sentient being. I’ll get more sense out of my own pencil case than I will out of you.” Carrie called after Cleo.

Murmurs started to go about the classroom as Melissa sat there, taking in what had just happened and not believing what she had seen. She got up off her chair and made her way towards Carrie’s desk.

“Just what has gotten into you?!” She asked, shocked at what she had just witnessed. The normal Carrie would never do something like that. From her own experience, Melissa knew that was the truth.

“Wouldn’t you like to know, Melissa? Or should I call you Mepeesa?” Carrie whispered to Melissa.

Melissa stood there in complete silence as she took what she just heard in.

“What did you just call me?” She whispered back, shocked.

“I called you Mepeesa. Something wrong with your ears?” Carrie replied, a cold grin on her face.

End of Chapter 7

So, what do you think of the new Carrie? Quite the insult bank isn't she? More importantly, please stay tuned for the next Chapter. Nyro out!

