My first Post

Author: Pinkglitter16

*000*2013-05-27 05:36

Hey! This is my first post so give me a break Okay? I'm sorry if it's bad.

______

Melody woke up with her sister,Harmony, screaming in her ear.

"COME ON WE ARE LATE!!!!!"

Melody groggily got out of bed and put on a baby pink bra on for her feminine breasts. She threw on a pink music note tee, a jean miniskirt, and tennis shoes. She poured a glass of milk and gulped it down before running out of the house. She looked at her sister to see the rush. Harmony had on a white tube top with a red tie tied loosely around her neck, a mini skirt that was black, and black sandels. Her black with pink streaked hair was tied in a long braid and her backpack was hung on her left shoulder.

Melody rolled her eyes. Her sister was showing off her legs again!She is really desperate for a boyfriend. Oh, yeah! Melody remembered the rush, school. She had a big chemistry test today too! Ugh! As they waited for the bus Melody noticed Harmony looked fidgety. She had to feel the need to pee. In fact Melody could feel the need to pee begin in her bladder too. Oh,well. She could wait until she was at school. The bus arrived shortly and the two girls got on the bus.

The only seats left were in the very back.The bumpiest part of the bus. They took their seat and the bus began the trip to the next bus stop. Melody looked over at Harmony. She had her thighs clasped together and was squirming a bit. No one else noticed except for the boy in front of them. "Um Miss are you Okay?" he quietly asked. Melody recognized him. His name was Smokescreen but everyone calls him Smokey.

"Y-Yes I-I am certainly fine" Harmony stammered.

"Hey you look lonely in that seat up there. Come sit with us." Smokescreen beamed."Really? Umm, Okay!"

They were about halfway there when Harmony put her hand in her crotch. She squirmed a little more.Smokey was acting like her didn't notice but he was staring right at her. Her skirt rode up a bit so that you could see a little bit of her pure white panties. She looked around and no one was staring at her.Smokey pushed his grayish black hair out of his eyes. He looked away into the trees outside and after Harmony's eyes went down so did Smokescreen's. His eyes were glued to her crotch watching her desperation. Her hands slipped into her panties and Melody knew what she was doing. Stopping the pee with her finger tips.

Harmony's skirt was ridden up so much you could see all of her panties. You could see her lower abdomen shape and her hand blocking the urine with her finger-tips. Smokescreen looked like he was in heaven. Every once in a while he would look away, but then he would go back to looking at her crotch.

Melody was watching the two with interest. They make a cute couple!Oh well....that's a later issue.

Harmony kept squirming. She was behind a seat so she got up and did a little pee-pee dance behind the seat.She sat back down and did the finger-stop thing.She groaned with pain. Her bladder is weaker than the normal bladder so she had to pee(and had accidents) more often.

"Oh, I can not take this Melody!"she whispered holding her crotch harder.

"Really?I can't tell" Melody said sarcastically.

"No really!I'm thinking about peeing here right in the bus!"

"What?!No There there is a boy right there!"

"I don't care!He's already learned abut it in science anyways!" That was true they did a unit about that last semester. EVERYONE knew about EVERYTHING!

"I guess that is true....but you still shouldn't do it!"

"I don't care and I will!"

Went into the corner right beside Smokescreen and squatted down.

"Are you....going to pee?" He ask almost eagerly.

"Yes. I am in need of a bathroom. I cannot wait. It's this or pee myself."

"Can....Can I watch?"

"Sure...Oh!And make sure no one sees!"

Smokescreen nodded and squatted down in front of her so no one could see her parts.They had 30 minutes left on the bus rid left so Harmony had enough time.

Harmony obviously had to pee really,really bad. She pulled down her panties which had a little wet spot on it. Then a small drop hit the floor. The bus was so loud no one could hear.Then the small drop turned into a small trickle of pee. It hit the floor with a quiet splash. Then the trickle turned into a stream. Then the stream was like a waterfall not being able to stop. The pee sprayed from her vagina and hit the floor with a small splish and made the small puddle even larger. Smokey's eyes widened as he say the waterfall of urine.

10 seconds later and she was still peeing at full force. Smokey grinned as the pee puddle barely touched his shoes. He took his index finger and dipped it in the urine. He sniffed it, and it smelled like water. He licked it. Tasteless. He looked and saw Melody was blocking them so know one could see them.

Harmony had her eyes closed when her eyes short open when she felt something around her vagina.

She looked down and saw Smokey with his mouth by her vagina drinking her urine. It was just his hormones acting up. He glanced up and instantly took his mouth away.

"Umm...sorry Harmony"

"It's Okay Smokey.I forgive you"

10 seconds later and the pee stream slowly started to shrink. She pulled her panties up and the last few squirts of pee landed on her underwear. She sat down and had a small smile on her face.

" That," Smokey said," Was the sexiest thing I have ever seen" The bus stopped. They exited the bus and went to their destination's like nothing happened.

End of Chapter One

____

Well what did you think? Not bad right? Please give me your comments. I will make chapter 2 very soon.

*003*2013-05-27 19:50

Thank you everyone for your comments. I forgot this in the last chapter but here is about the characters.

Melody-Quiet,bookworm,artistic has black hair with silvery highlights, baby blue eyes, and light tan skin.

Harmony-The exact opposite of her twin sister,Melody. Has black hair with pink highlights and light green eyes and light tan skin. Likes sports and attention

Smokescreen-blackish-silverish hair, blue eyes, and tan skin. Likes sports car, racing, girl desperation, and girl wetting themselves.

So know that you know about the characters I hope you'll understand the story more.

