Sisterhood of Blood - Page 3

Author: frostyjr2

*050*2013-06-21 23:00

Link to Pt.4 > https://omorashi.org/topic/14905-sisterhood-of-blood-pt4-eternally-yours-river/

Chapter 5: Long Distance Call (THE TWINS)

(New York, 1982)

(sound track: Long Distance Call Muddy Waters)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Z1gpDcc3FBI?feature=oembed"

Petra Kushkin had been on the phone, talking with her younger sister and squirming slightly. She had been holding for several hours, and although she wasn’t fully desperate yet, she could definitely feel the need to pee growing within her.

As always, she was enjoying the sensation, and it was distracting her somewhat as Vicky was talking rapidly in a low voice, describing a party she was at.

She had met a couple of girls at a club, and gone back to their home with a small group of other people for a drink afterwards.

Vicky whispered, ”I’m beginning to get a little freaked out now, though. I think that something really weird is, um… “

She was in the middle of a sentence, and then she suddenly had fallen silent.

That was strange… it wasn’t like Victoria at all to stop talking for more than a few brief seconds, Petra thought. Vicky was very sweet and charming, but she could also be quite manic at times.

For a moment, Petra enjoyed the quiet; it was such a rare occurrence when talking with her sister that she savored every instant possible, focusing instead on the feeling of growing fullness in her bladder as it swelled slightly beneath her tight tee.

She caressed it gently, then reached down with a slim hand and undid the top button of her blue jeans, sighing as the external pressure was relieved a bit.

She really did enjoy holding so much.

When the silence continued, however, Petra came out of her hold-induced daydream and began to worry. Had something happened to little Vicky?

“Hey, Vick… you still there?” More silence… Petra was getting very worried now. Then the connection was broken, and all Petra could hear was a dial tone.

“Oh, my goodness… not again!” She thought to herself.

Her younger sister was always getting into trouble of one sort or another, and it was up to Petra and her twin brother Peter to get her out of it and clean up her mess, just the way they’d promised their dead parents.

Sometimes it seemed as if she was more like Victoria’s mother than her sister, but Petra was determined to keep her promise, no matter how difficult Vicky made it at times.

She wasn’t really bad, like some girls Petra knew. Little Victoria just had a knack for constantly ending up in the middle of some situation she couldn’t handle, and then the twins would have to come to her rescue.

Petra hung up the phone and sighed again, deeply and with frustration this time.

It looked as if it was time to give Peter a call.

###

When his phone rang in the middle of the night, Peter Kushkin had a bad feeling.

When he saw it was his twin sister calling, he knew it couldn’t be good news.

Petra hardly ever called him, and never just to ask how he was doing; as twins with exceptional psychic abilities, they were always aware of each other’s mental state.

They didn’t have to ask; they just knew.

Right now, Peter could feel Petra’s anxiety even before he picked up the phone, and he could make a pretty good guess as to why she was upset.

Vicky was in some kind of trouble again.

After calming his twin sister down, Peter was able to get a few facts out of her.

Victoria was in Paris for her summer vacation, just bumming around, hanging with some friends. That’s how she described it.

Just graduated from college, and taking it easy before returning to London to start seriously looking for a job.

She had been out at a club, gone back to somebody’s house for a drink, and then, she had disappeared. She had never returned to the hotel she was staying at after that night. She hadn’t checked out, or told anyone at the front desk that she was planning on going anywhere.

There was only one thing to do for it; in the morning Peter made a call to his travel agent and booked two seats on a plane from New York to Paris leaving the following day. He called Petra back to let her know which flight they would be taking, then replaced the receiver in its cradle, took his British passport out of the desk drawer and started to pack his things.

There was no point in trying to get the Parisian police involved; a young British girl tourist wouldn’t even be considered as being ‘missing’ for a couple of days yet.

They would just have to search for their little sister themselves.

Link to Pt. 6> https://omorashi.org/topic/15109-sisterhood-of-blood-pt-6-paris-blues-the-twins/

*052*2013-06-21 23:32

Link to Pt. 5> https://omorashi.org/topic/15107-sisterhood-of-blood-pts-5-and-6/

Chapter 6: Paris Blues, 1982

( sound track: Afternoon In Paris by the Kenny Clarke Quintet)

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NE7oAsakTTQ

The Kushkin twins had arrived in Paris and immediately gone to the hotel their sister Victoria had been staying in, where they only confirmed what they already knew.

Vicky had disappeared.

They had seen her room, after Peter had slipped the tall, skinny, bespectacled concierge a rather large sum of cash to overcome his doubts as to the propriety of such a thing.

Monsieur Arnaud had been happy to escort them to the room after that, his scruples allayed by the crisp new bills in his pocket, as well as by the fact that one of his two visitors was a very attractive young woman.

All of Vicky's things were still there, except for her passport, her purse and the keys to her rental car. Peter had discreetly pocketed her diary from the nightstand while Petra distracted the concierge with idle chitchat about the weather and a view of her ample cleavage.

She had purposely worn a low cut top and short skirt for exactly that reason.

Petra was not above using the gifts nature had bestowed on her to her advantage, Peter thought as he watched the concierge from the corner of his eye. She did know how to work it, that was for certain.

Just to add some extra spice to things, Petra seemed to be feigning a bit of desperation as well.

At least, Peter hoped it was feigned. Petra was a very good actress, but this looked a bit too realistic, even for her.

She was crossing and uncrossing her long legs, squeezing her lovely thighs together, and even squirming in place a bit.

The sandy-haired concierge was transfixed by the show. He couldn’t take his eyes off of Petra for even a second while she was doing her seductive pee dance.

She raised one shapely leg up behind her slightly, letting her high heeled pump dangle from her foot enticingly as she spoke of trivial banalities in her breathy voice, then put it down and raised the other as she bent over slightly to give him an even better view down the front of her top. She then rubbed the back of her firmly toned calf muscle with the reinforced toe of her sheer black stocking-clad foot, having left her pump on the floor this time.

At this point, the poor concierge was well and truly flustered, not knowing whether to look at Petra’s perfectly formed size 5 foot, her lovely 34C bosom in its cradle of mauve lace, or the gently undulating swell of her hips.

He glanced first at her creamy white breasts, losing himself in the scenic valley between those hills, then down at her foot, which wafted a subtle fragrance of musk and leather towards his flaring nostrils. He took in the motion of her bottom; it was quite evident to his practiced eye that this lovely girl ‘avait envie’, and wouldn’t be able to hold on for too much longer.

She was a fetishist’s dream, for certain.

When Peter gave his sister the nod to let her know she could stop, she straightened up and pointed her formidable breasts directly at the poor man, who remained quite beguiled by the charms on display.

She lowered her perfect foot slowly back into her shoe, causing the concierge to sigh softly but nonetheless audibly with regret.

“Merci bien, Monsieur Arnaud.” Petra spoke in flawless French.

Her accent was almost like that of a Parisian native, the result of some years spent studying there when she was younger.

“Est-ce que vous auriez une chambre disponible pour quelques jours?” Petra inquired.

The concierge replied, “Je suis desole, mademoiselle, je n’ai rien pour ce soir, mais des demain, je pourrai vous trouver quelque chose. Je peux meme garder vos affaires jusqu’a demain, si ca vous convient.”

Petra turned to Peter and translated for his benefit. His French was rudimentary, at best.

“He says he doesn’t have a room for us tonight, but he will have one available tomorrow, and we can leave our things here until then if we wish.”

Peter nodded, and said, “Perfect. I have a feeling we won’t be getting any sleep tonight anyway, between the jet lag and trying to pick up Vicky’s trail.”

”Vous avez ete si gentille. Si nous avons besoin d’autre chose, pourrions-nous vous contacter par telephone?” she asked, and the concierge quickly produced a business card with his name and phone number on it.

Petra smiled radiantly at the concierge then lightly kissed him once on each of his pale cheeks, and he assured them emphatically that he would be ready to assist in any way he possibly could if they ever had need of him again.

Peter shook his hand firmly, and the twins left the Hotel Des Mines.

“That was quite a show you put on there, sis,” Peter said, laughing. ”That pee dance, oh my god…”

“It wasn’t pure show, actually.” Petra smiled. “I should really find a WC before too long. Nothing is quite as convincing as the real thing; I’ve been holding since we boarded the plane.”

After stopping at the Patisserie du Sud Tunisien in the Rue de La Harpe to purchase some food and drinks, they walked a few blocks back along the Boulevard Saint Michel to the Jardins de Luxembourg, where they sat on one of the low stone benches to eat and consider their options.

Petra was squirming just a bit more obviously now, riding a wave of desperation as her discomfort reached a momentary peak.

“Oh, no… ,” she muttered softly to herself.

She had felt a small leak dampen the tiny cotton crotch panel of her mauve lace thong panties, an unmistakable sign that she was nearing the end of her ability to hold. Not surprising, considering it had been over ten hours since she had last had a wee.

“Let’s start with the diary,” Peter said as he unwrapped his sandwich. “There might be something there to give us an idea of where to begin searching.”

“OK, you do that… I’m off to find the loo!”

With that, Petra walked away quickly, her somewhat hurried pace betraying her urgent need. Peter hoped she would make it in time.

It looked like it would be close, either way.

Skipping through the pages of the small leather-bound book, Peter went right to the last entry. Sure enough, there was a reference to the club Victoria was going to on the night she disappeared. In her neat, tiny bubble-shaped script, she mentioned that she would be meeting some new friends at Les Bains Douches that evening.

Now they knew where to start looking; they only had to wait until nightfall.

Peter bit into his sandwich tunisien; he suddenly realized that he was starving, and ate it quickly, savoring each spicy bite as if it were the last bit of food he would ever taste.

### ===== ###

(sound track: I Love Paris by Alpha Blondy)

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjr-z_qBTIw

Night had come, and the twins were outside of the club in the trendy Les Halles district, watching fashionably dressed people entering after being approved by the doorman and his two bouncers who stood there manipulating the clipboard and velvet rope like Cerberus the three-headed dog guarding the gates of Hell.

The twins were both still dressed in their traveling clothes; Peter was wearing a dark Armani single breasted suit and a white button-down shirt, his hair slicked back into a long ponytail, while Petra had on the same form-fitting Azzedine Alaia outfit that had totally captivated the concierge at the hotel earlier that day, only adding the matching slate grey jacket to her pencil skirt over her low cut mauve silk blouse.

Peter was about to let his sister take the lead once again; it was usually easier to let her deal with the men. In this instance, however, the way the doorman was looking at him and almost licking his lips gave him the idea that he should be the one to approach first this time.

Petra’s charms would be wasted on this particular person.

As they got closer, the doorman simply pulled back the rope and allowed the twins passage into the club without anything more than a warm smile at Peter as he walked by.

It never hurts to be tall, dark and handsome, he reflected.

It had certainly paid off this time.

Once inside, they separated, the better to cover the club faster, and so that people wouldn’t mistake them for a couple. It was easier to work their good looks as singles.

Peter headed over to the main bar to talk to the bartenders while Petra decided to find the club’s chief security person. There was probably some sort of club surveillance tape system, and if she could check it, she might just get lucky.

Petra found the door that was marked ‘PRIVE’, and walked through it, making her way down the dark corridor until she came to a room filled with television monitors, and a very large bald headed black man.

He was smoking a cigarette, and staring at the monitors, obviously bored.

When Petra entered the room he glanced up at her, taking in her beauty before quickly returning his eyes to the monitor array.

“Qu’est-ce que vous faites ici, mademoiselle?” He spoke curtly.

Lovely girls were nothing particularly rare at Les Bains, and he had a job to do.

“Je suis desolee de vous deranger monsieur, mais je dois vous demander une petite service.” Petra pitched her voice to the sweetest tone she could muster.

“Je suis desole moi-meme, mademoiselle, parce que je dois vous demander de sortir d’ici immediatement. Vous n’etes pas autorisee d’entrer; ces lieux sont pour le personnel de securite seulement.”

His voice was deep, resonant, and had a slight African accent; possibly Senegalese.

Having dismissed her, or so he thought, the giant turned back towards his security monitors. He obviously takes his job very seriously, Petra thought to herself. Oh well, she had tried doing things the polite way.

Time to do things the Kushkin way… she silently stepped up behind him, and without warning, delivered a sharp hand strike that rendered the large man unconscious instantly.

He never knew what hit him.

As he slumped forward in his seat, Petra rolled his chair back away from the bank of monitors. As she did, she reflected on how the combat training her military father had given them all could be very useful from time to time.

She quickly rummaged through a storage rack and located the security tapes from the night her sister had disappeared.

Scanning through the exterior tape rapidly, she found the part where Victoria had shown up at the club, then synced the interior tape from above the bar to shortly after that. Sure enough, there was Vicky, talking to two girls at the bar as they ordered drinks.

Both girls were very pretty; it was hard to be positive in the dark of the club, but Petra could at least tell that there was one who seemed a bit older than Vicky, while the other was closer to her in age, in her late teens or early twenties.

Petra looked at the tape a moment longer, just to see who was working the bar that night. Then she pulled the security tapes, and carefully put them back where she had found them. She pushed the large man in his rolling chair back to his console, laid his head gently down on it, and then left the office, closing the door softly behind her. She walked back down the hallway, and through the door leading to the public areas of the club again.

She could see Peter standing at the large bar at the back, chatting with the bartender as he sipped his drink.

They were in luck; it was one of the same girls that had been working the night Petra had disappeared.

“Salut, frangin!” Petra exclaimed as she pushed up next to Peter at the crowded bar. She wanted the girl at the bar to know she was Peter’s sister, not a girlfriend.

“Any news about Vicky yet?”

“I was just getting around to asking,” Peter replied, smiling.

“Vous cherchez quelqu’un?” the pretty blonde bartender asked. “I speak English, maybe I have an idea for you?”

“Yes, we’re looking for our sister. She said she would meet us here; have you by any chance seen her this evening?”

Peter pulled a picture of Vicky from out of his pocket.

She was certainly striking enough; petite and slender, her light brown slightly longer than shoulder-length straight hair framing a pretty, oval face with delicate features. Her brown eyes looked almost a bit Asian, betraying the Kushkins’ Mongolian Tatar ancestry as she posed looking coyly over her right shoulder.

When he showed the picture to the bartender, she seemed to recognize the girl in the photo immediately.

Her face darkened a bit, and she bent closer to Peter as she spoke.

“I haven’t seen her tonight, no. But she was here just a couple of days ago, here at the bar with a couple of other girls," she said.

"These girls, I have seen them before, quite often. There’s something weird about them, these girls. Many times, I have seen them leave with others, and then they come back again later the same night. The others… the others, they never come back at all.”

She shook her head emphatically. “Jamais… ”

The bartender continued on in French, speaking as softly as possible while still managing to be heard above the pounding music.

“Elles habitent Porte de Vanves, pres du Lycee Michelet apparament. Je les ai entendu parler de ca. "

“Thanks!” Peter said. He discreetly slipped a 200 franc note into the bartender’s hand, and she pocketed it with a smooth, well-practiced gesture.

“I hope you will find your sister,” she said. “ I think these two are rather dangerous, yes. Be very careful, my friends.”

She straightened up and turned away, the conversation very obviously at an end as far as she was concerned.

The twins had a lead now, though.

(to be continued)

*058*2013-06-22 22:04

I know this says it's Pt. 5 and 6, but i had to make Pt. 6 a separate post, so there is a link to that at the end of the Pt. 5 post.

I'll put it here again, just in case you don't feel like going back to the initial post.

Link to Pt. 6 > https://omorashi.org...lues-the-twins/

Thanks to all who have taken the time to read this, and to those who commented, thanks yet again ! i appreciate it very much !

*061*2013-06-28 18:12

Link to previous chapter, Pt. 6>https://omorashi.org/topic/15109-sisterhood-of-blood-pt-6-paris-blues-the-twins/

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD PT. 7

The Round Man (Bou-Boule)

AU BAR-TABAC, Porte De Vanves 1982

(sound track: Chitlins Con Carne, by Kenny Burrell)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ig5m92TwKKA?feature=oembed"

At the roughly y-shaped junction of three cobble stone lined streets sat a somewhat seedy café. Its windows were a bit dirty, and the interior was paneled in dark wood with mirrors on the walls to make it appear larger than it was.

A narrow wooden bar, its counter top done up in polished brass and zinc, stretched across the back wall, with the usual bottles arrayed behind it, and glasses suspended from inverted racks above.

This section of town on the outskirts of Paris wasn’t trendy by any stretch of the imagination; it was working class, and the clientele at this early pre-dawn hour were actually mostly night laborers who were finishing up their shift with ‘un coup de rouge’, a glass of cheap red wine instead of the cup of coffee most people would usually be having at this time of the morning while getting ready for work.

The regulars were staring quite openly at the strangers who were sitting at a table by the front window having café au lait with their croissants. These two were too well dressed to belong in this setting, and it definitely seemed as if they were waiting for someone, or something.

They didn’t look like a pair of sightseeing tourists on holiday, that much was certain.

The man was tall and just a bit heavy set, his dark brown hair pulled back into a long ponytail.

Although fashionably attired, he had the look of someone who wouldn’t back down from a fight.

His hands were large, and the one holding the cup he was drinking his coffee from made it look like something from a little girl’s toy tea set.

He drummed the fingers of his other hand on the small table impatiently; then, suddenly noticing what he had been doing unconsciously, he stopped.

The woman across the table from him emitted a low laugh, then leaned in and murmured something to the large man, who simply smiled grimly at her and shook his head in response.

His attractive companion shared the same long dark brown hair and had similar facial features, although in her case they manifested themselves in a much different way, soft and yet angular all at once.

Somehow, even though the woman was very pretty and was wearing a tight suit with a very feminine cut, she still managed to convey the same impression as the man seated across from her.

They both looked as if they meant business, and wanted to be left alone.

Normally at least one of the regulars would have tried to challenge these upscale visitors for daring to enter their turf, but these two actually looked very dangerous and intimidating themselves, and although the locals were a tough lot, it was nonetheless very clear to all of them that the unfamiliar customers who were seated at the front of the café were tougher still. They knew enough to recognize trouble when they saw it, and these two were trouble, in spades.

So they simply contented themselves with a low-voiced discussion of theories as to why the two of them were sitting there, and what they might be waiting for.

Finally, tiring of their rather circular conversation, they decided to nominate a representative to question this unusual pair of transients. After some brief and animated, but rather hushed, argument accompanied by Gallic gesticulation and a bit of swearing, one of them turned away from the group clustered by the bar and headed towards the table at the front, having drawn the metaphorical 'short straw'.

He was a small rotund man with a sallow complexion, both mustached and unshaven, and dressed in a grimy blue work coverall.

As he walked slowly towards the seated couple, not without some trepidation, one of the others called boisterously after him, bold now that someone else was in the line of fire.

“Allez, Bou-Boule… vas-y, demande-les qu’est-ce qu’ils cherchent !”

Having finally reached the table, the man they called Bou-Boule looked at the two people sitting there and simply spread his hands apart, shrugging his shoulders. He noticed that, up close, the woman at the table looked even more beautiful and more dangerous than she had from a distance, while the man simply looked more dangerous.

"Excusez moi, mademoiselle," he said, addressing the woman, who he deemed the less threatening of the two.

"Mes amis veulent savoir qu'est-ce que vous faites ici. C'est clair que ce n'est pas par hasard que vous vous trouvez dans cet endroit. "

Silently, with a smooth and rapid movement, the large man reached inside his jacket, causing Bou-Boule to flinch.

When he withdrew his hand, however, he was only holding a small photograph.

Bou-Boule felt relieved, but also a little ashamed.

He had actually wet himself in fear a bit just now, thinking that the man was about to produce some sort of weapon.

He only hoped that it wasn’t enough to soak through his underwear, a pair of work trousers, and the coverall he was wearing on top of them both. If the other guys at the bar noticed that these two strangers had made him pee his pants, he would never live it down.

The large man put the photo on the table and pushed it over to the woman; without a word exchanged between them, she picked it up and looked directly at Bou-Boule with a piercing gaze. Her brown eyes met his, and he involuntarily looked away, dropping his eyes down towards the scuffed and oil-soaked tan work boots he wore on his feet.

In doing so, he missed the beautiful woman smiling at him.

He did look up in surprise when she unexpectedly spoke in perfectly accented French, however.

“Eh bien, pardonnez moi de n’avoir encore rien dite, mes chers monsieurs. Nous cherchons notre petite soeur, qui a disparu depuis quelque jours.“

Petra showed him Vicky’s photo. She smiled again, exposing her perfectly even white teeth.

”Est-ce que l’un de vous l’auriez vu dans le quartier?”

Their curiosity piqued even more now, the locals all began to approach the table, in order to get a better view of both the photo and of the lovely woman holding it.

They crowded around, jostling each other for room, their usual high-spirited nature returning now that they knew what the couple’s purpose was.

A lost little sister, that was cause for sympathy, not fear.

“Ah, celle-la!” One of the regulars responded, stabbing towards the photograph with a tobacco-stained forefinger.

“Oui, je l’ai vu.”

It had been a couple of days now that the Kushkin twins had been tracking their younger sister, visiting each café near the Lycée Michelet in turn, hoping to find someone who had seen her.

Finally their systematic efforts seemed to be paying off. Someone here claimed to have actually spotted Vicky.

Petra turned towards her brother, who had been sitting impassive and motionless after producing Victoria’s picture.

She said, “This man says he’s seen her.”

Peter nodded, and spoke tersely, “OK, find out what he knows… but go gently, sis. I think we already scared the heck out of that first guy!”

He could now see a small but obvious wet spot forming at the front of Bou-Boule’s crotch, and had to suppress a laugh.

Another of the regulars piped up, “Moi aussi, je l’ai vu ! Avec ces deux gouines, celles qui habitent au fond du petit cul de sac.”

Bou-Boule nodded his head in assent. He was about to spit contemptuously, but suddenly seemed to remember that he was still inside the café.

“Oui, c’est vrai… elle erre parfois la nuit dans le quartier depuis quelques jours, toujours avec les deux autres.”

Petra looked at the small man in front of her, trying to assess his reliability as a source.

He had a dour look on his face; he appeared to be chronically unhappy, but her senses told her that he was not a liar.

Her brother nodded again, having reached the same conclusion concurrently.

“Ou ça? Vous pouvez nous montrer, oui?” Petra asked.

“Je sais ou c’est, moi; je peux meme vous y emmener tout suite, si vous voulez,” Bou-Boule said in a low voice.

He could feel the dampness seeping through his pants now, and was quite glad to have an opportunity to leave the café without all of his friends seeing the telltale sign of his little accident.

“Putain, j’ai carrément pissé ma culotte cette fois,” he thought to himself. “Ah, merde…”

“Come on, Peter. This fellow is going to take us to where Vicky is.”

The Kushkin twins rose from the table and followed the man out of the café into the surprisingly cold street.

Dawn was just beginning to break in the eastern sky over Paris, a pale sliver of lighter blue faintly tinged with red and gold appearing at the horizon.

Bou-Boule paused and pulled a pack of cigarettes from his pocket. He stuck one in his mouth and offered the pack to the twins in turn. "Cigarette?"

“Non, merci,” Peter replied, wincing slightly.

He had given up smoking a while ago, but the sight and smell of tobacco still filled him with longing.

Petra took one of the proffered smokes from the thin, flat rectangular blue box with a stylized image of a dancing gypsy woman on it. She rolled it back and forth in her slim fingers briefly and then placed it between her lips as Bou-Boule produced a small orange plastic Bic lighter from the pocket of his coveralls and put the flame to it.

She inhaled the strong, almost acrid smoke deeply into her lungs as he proceeded to light his own cigarette, then blew a series of small, perfect smoke rings in her brother's direction as she exhaled softly.

Peter winced yet again. Petra delighted in torturing him at times.

They continued walking through the deserted streets lined with small houses and compact factory buildings.

Finally, the man turned into a dead end and stopped at the very bottom of it, in front of a large blue-grey solid metal gate crowned with spikes. Surrounding the gate was an old stone wall, somewhat scarred, but clean and still sturdy.

Unlike all of the other surfaces nearby, this gate and the surrounding sections of wall were completely devoid of graffiti scribblings, both twins noticed.

“C’est ici qu’elles habitent,” the round little man said. “J’ai meme vu votre soeur entrer la-dedans une fois. Mais faut faire gaffe, ces filles ne sont pas du rigolo.”

“Qu’est-ce que vous voulez dire?” Petra asked, but he had already turned away.

“Vous allez voir vous memes,” Bou-Boule said under his breath. “Moi, je me casse.”

Bou-Boule felt as if he was about to lose control of his bladder yet again, and wanted to get away as quickly as possible.

He walked off stiffly, heading back towards the safety of the café at a rapid clip. It was almost as if he couldn’t put distance between himself and that gate fast enough.

Peter looked at his twin sister and then at the retreating back of their guide.

“What the heck was that all about?” he inquired. “That guy seemed genuinely scared of something.”

“He said he’d seen Vicky going in here, and he was warning us to be careful, because these girls she was with were nothing to joke about,” Petra laughed. “He definitely was a nervous sort of fellow. I think he actually wet himself back in the café when you took out Vicky’s photo!”

"Yes, I believe he did," Her brother smiled. “Definitely the nervous sort. Well, just to be on the safe side, we’d better watch the house for a bit before we walk up and ring the doorbell,” Peter mused.“It's still very early, and I don’t mind a little recon time on this one. The bartender at that club did say pretty much the same thing.”

“Nonsense! How dangerous can they be, really? If Vicky’s in there, I want to know now,“ his sister replied. “We’re going to stick out like a sore thumb standing around here anyway. Just look at us!”

Petra was usually the more impetuous of the two of them, and sometimes Peter had to rein her in just a little, but in this case he realized that she was absolutely right.

There was no way to discreetly observe the comings and goings at this location without being seen.

The dead end street was far too exposed, too empty. Even if they were sitting in their rental car, it would be obvious to anyone who set eyes on them that they didn’t belong here.

“Fine, it's the direct approach then. You take the lead, since you speak the language.”

Peter took a small step backwards as Petra pressed the button on the intercom.

It made a loud buzzing sound; there was a crackle of static, and then a voice.

“GO AWAY!”

Distorted, but unmistakable. It was Vicky.

(to be continued)

*067*2013-06-29 01:38

{{:

Perhaps I should not speak for Frosty, but I think she deliberately chose not to write pornography, so she used the censored device to leave what happened to your imagination.

}}

This, exactly... the site's rules forbid us to engage in overly explicit descriptions, and in order to adequately convey what happened between Erica, River and Hannah that night, i would definitely have had to cross the line.

But i'm sure that each reader's imagination can come up with a few ideas of what three lovely and somewhat freaky girls might do...

To, with, and for each other during a wild night of passion...

Maybe even something better than i would, although i have a fairly vivid imagination myself !

*069*2013-07-01 03:01

As the weekend winds down, i would like to thank all of you who took the time to read this latest chapter, and especially to those who left comments. They are much appreciated, as always !

Apologies to the non-Francophones; sorry if it was too much, but i think we're done with the foreign language bit for the moment.

Apologies also to those who aren't into male wetting... but i hope that i made at least a few people happy by trying something very different for me !

I think i'll be getting back to writing what i know and love best now, though.

Oh, and final apologies to anyone who was bothered by the large font of some previous chapters.

If i offended or transgressed in any way, i am sincerely sorry.

Work has begun on the next chapter; stay tuned !

\/###\/

*070*2013-07-04 19:06

Link to previous chapter (Pt. 7) > https://omorashi.org/topic/15263-sisterhood-of-blood-pt7-the-round-man-bou-boule/

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt.8) Two Pairs / Doppelgangerin (PETRA AND VICKY)

Porte de Vanves, 1982

Copland Violin Sonata

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/EP41ifj7oZ4?feature=oembed"

It was definitely their sister’s voice coming from the intercom; the twins were sure of it.

Vicky repeated the same phrase again:

“GO AWAY!”

This time she added, “Please, just leave me alone.”

“What’s wrong, Vick? Tell us what’s going on.” Petra spoke softly into the intercom.

“We just need to see you, and talk to you face to face. We only want to help.”

“You can’t help me anymore. No one can.” Vicky said.

Her tone of sadness was clearly evident to both of her siblings despite the static. This only made them more determined to see their younger sister, of course.

Peter spoke for the first time. “Vicky, we’re here, and you know we’re not leaving. So you can either come out here, or let us in; it’s all the same to me.”

Victoria knew her brother and sister well enough. They would stay there until they saw her, one way or another.

“OK, have it your own way then. I’m going to buzz you in, but don’t blame me for whatever happens afterwards,” she said.

“Just remember, you insisted on seeing me, and entered of your own free will.”

The buzzer sounded, and Peter pushed the door open.

Petra shoved past him and found herself standing in the middle of a tiny cobble-stoned courtyard.

It was an old small factory complex: three buildings laid out in a ‘u’ shape; two long low dark grey stone buildings with metal and glass roofs on either side, and a three-story beige brick structure at the back.

The gate swung shut behind them, leaving them in the pale light of early morning.

From the building at the rear of the courtyard, they heard Vicky call to them over another intercom mounted on its exterior.

“I’m in here. You can come in if you want; I can’t come out now.”

Petra strode quickly to the short steps leading up into the central structure and bounded up them, with Peter following close on her heels.

With a click, the front door opened, and then closed behind them automatically as they entered, leaving the two of them in complete darkness and silence.

As their eyes adjusted slightly to the lack of light they could see that they were in some sort of small antechamber, and that there was a second sealed door at the other end. There was another click, and the second door opened just a crack.

Petra pushed it open, and she and Peter entered the house.

The room they were now in was cold and dark. Although the twins couldn’t see it, the windows were all shuttered with heavy metal blinds inside forming a complete barrier to any light from the exterior of the house. There were no lights on inside the room either; as close as they were standing, the twins could barely see each other, much less anything else. They moved a bit further into the room, cautiously feeling their way forward.

“Vick?” Petra called out softly.

“I’m here, sis,” a voice came from the shadows at the far recesses of the room.

“Don’t come any closer; in fact, don’t move at all, please. I don’t want you to get hurt.”

It was Vicky’s voice.

“Vicky, what are you talking about?” Peter asked. “How would we get hurt?”

There was a strange rustling sound, and a flurry of barely perceived movement in the dark.

Another woman’s voice came from behind them now.

“Oh, I can think of so many different and fun ways for that to happen,” the woman said.

Her voice was somewhat low in pitch with a slight accent neither of the twins could place, and her tone was as cold as the room they were standing in.

Peter whirled around towards the sound of the disembodied voice, while Petra remained facing in the other direction. They now stood back to back, both dropping instinctively into combat stances.

“Luckily for the both of you, your little sister has made me promise to behave myself... and I will do so, at least for the moment.”

There was another rustle accompanied by rapid movement.

“I, on the other hand, made no such promise.”

This was a different voice now, and coming from a different direction.

An American accent, definitely, and belonging to a younger girl.

“You said you wouldn’t hurt them!” Vicky exclaimed.

Another soft rustling sound in the darkness, a slight feeling of a bit of air moving in the still, cold room.

"I don’t intend to, unless they make it necessary.”

This was the first strange voice speaking again, coming from a different location now.

With each passing moment, Petra was getting more and more angry.

She was holding again, having chosen not to use the WC in the café earlier.

Now, the uncomfortable sensation of her full bladder pressing against the waistband of her tight skirt was beginning to make her irritable. She resisted the almost overwhelming temptation to cross her legs, however. She knew that doing so would only make her all the more vulnerable.

Petra had a bad feeling that she just might regret her decision not to use the facilities in the café soon, but brushed that thought aside for the moment.

“We don’t have time for this nonsense,” she said harshly. “Turn the bloody lights on and show yourselves, bitches.”

A soft laugh came from the depth of the shadows.

“What’s the matter? Don’t tell me you’re afraid of the dark, little girl!”

It was the American speaking.

The same strange soft rustling sound again, and this time Petra could feel a chill penetrate her whole body as an icy finger brushed suddenly against her neck. The sensation of unexpected cold caused her bladder to spasm, and now she could feel a slight wetness dampening her panties as a few drops of urine escaped from her urethra before she clenched her pelvic floor muscles to stem the flow.

“Dammit, not now!” she thought to herself.

This was not the time to lose it; not here, not under these circumstances.

She took a deep breath to bring her body and mind back under the control of her will.

“Such a pretty little girl, too.” This was the first voice again.

“Victoria, you never mentioned how lovely your sister was. I am quite tempted to…”

“You leave her alone! You already have me; isn’t that enough for you?” Vicky cried. “You promised!”

Peter closed his eyes. He knew that eyesight wasn’t going to be of any assistance in this blacked-out environment, so he focused entirely on the sounds he could make out: the soft rustling noises, a faint sound of breathing, and the voices.

Every time they spoke, the voices came from a different spot within the room, but Peter had noticed something very odd now.

There were no footsteps at all to indicate movement.

Even barefoot, there would have been some sort of sound, soft as it might be. His finely tuned ears registered nothing, except for that eerie rustling, like the faint sound of a bird’s fluttering wings.

Peter was thinking hard. This was going to be difficult. The first thing to do was keep these strange girls talking.

That was the only way to know where they might be in this total darkness. It seemed as if there were only two of them, plus Vicky. That was a plus; at least they weren’t outnumbered, as far as he could tell. There was no way to be totally sure, but their informants had only mentioned two girls, no more.

Peter spoke again, saying, “Listen, all we want to do is talk with our sister and find out what’s going on. There’s no need for anyone to get hurt here, okay?”

It was the old classic routine, good cop/bad cop. Since Petra had already taken the role of the hard case, he would have to play the part of the nice one this time.

Both girls laughed, and the older one said, “Fine, then. We’ll let one of you talk to her while the other one waits outside.”

“I’m staying,” Petra said quickly.

She knew it would be easier for these girls to underestimate her fighting skill than that of her brother, and therefore they would be more likely to agree with her being the one to remain.

Peter wasn’t entirely happy with her decision, but he understood the reasoning behind it and he knew better than to try to argue with Petra once she'd made her mind up about something, especially in this situation.

There was a frigid touch on his arm; he could feel the icy coldness of it even through his suit jacket and shirt. Then, without a word, he was being guided back towards the door leading to the small antechamber. The inside door latch clicked, and once again it opened up just a bit.

“Now, you can get out.” It was the voice of the American girl.

Feeling his way in the darkness, he opened the door fully and stepped into the antechamber.

The inner door shut behind him firmly, and then the outer one was opened a crack, letting in a narrow beam of light.

Peter pulled the outer door inwards to open it. He stepped through the doorway, and was back on the small stoop leading down to the cobblestones of the courtyard.

Now, all he could do was wait. He sat down on the stone steps, wishing he had a cigarette.

“Where’s Bou-Boule when you need him?” he said out loud to himself, laughing as he remembered the way the frightened odd little man had hurried off into the dawn.

###==========###

Standing in the dark without her brother by her side, Petra felt a twinge of fear invade her mind.

It seemed to become a palpable physical sensation, traveling directly downwards almost immediately, and she was suddenly almost overcome by her urgent need to pee. She felt a bit of hot urine dampen her panties once more as it seeped out of her urethra and trickled down slowly through her feminine folds.

“Dammit!” She thought to herself again, regretting that she had been so close to a rest room in the café earlier and hadn’t taken the opportunity to have a wee then, stupid girl.

Now she was quite desperate, and there really wasn’t much she could do about it at the moment.

Her unseen adversaries, their advantage in numbers and unknown capabilities, the darkness and pervasive numbing cold of this room, her full bladder… everything was conspiring against her.

She forced her thoughts to turn away from her desperate state even as she began to pee dance just a little where she stood, her body and her mind each satisfying their own needs.

“OK, you’re not going to wet yourself like a little girl in front of these two bitches,” Petra told herself firmly.

“Now just concentrate and work the problem.”

Even as she was thinking that, she heard that odd rustling noise again.

As Vicky shouted “NO!”, she felt a pair of cold hands closing around her throat from behind, choking her, cutting off her ability to breathe… and she blacked out.

###

When Petra regained consciousness, the first thing she felt was an overwhelming sensation of cold.

She was freezing… she realized this was because she was only wearing her black lace bra and matching panties and the thin gold chain around her neck, nothing else.

The next thing she felt was that her bladder was incredibly full.

She had no idea how long she had been holding for at this point, but judging by the sensation, it had to certainly have been close to her twelve-hour limit.

She knew she was quite desperate and had to have a wee very soon, or she would be wetting herself.

She squirmed a bit in the chair she was sitting on, but she couldn’t really do too much in the way of moving, because she was bound to it tightly and intricately with rope; her legs were spread apart and hands tied behind her, and her long hair was pulled up and attached in such a way that she could barely move her head in any direction. The rope was even threaded up between her thighs, and a few very strategically placed knots were pressing against her vulva as it passed underneath her. They were creating a stimulating pressure there that increased with every slight movement she made.

It was a very strange and unusual combination of pleasure and pain she was feeling, and despite her peculiar plight, Petra found herself actually enjoying the sensation.

She had always loved the feeling of desperation she got from holding her wee, but now there was something new added to the mix. She couldn’t help squirming because she had to pee so badly, and she had no way of squeezing her thighs together, but every time she moved even a little bit, the rope between her thighs pulled tighter, which excited and aroused her more, and made her even more conscious of her helpless and desperate state. She couldn’t have stopped squirming even if she had wanted to, thanks to her overly full bladder. She didn’t want to stop though, because of the way she was bound was making her feel. So she just continued to squirm, which got her more excited, which made her squirm even more.

"Oh my god, I really need a wee this instant," she thought, "I'm just about to wet myself."

The mix of humiliation, pleasure and pain was almost too much for her to bear.

It was as if it had all been tailored specifically to her psyche, to her innermost dark secret thoughts of what really turned her on.

How could anyone have known, or guessed?

She heard a soft laugh coming from the darkness in front of her.

Oh, god, that bloody American girl; Petra was really starting to hate her with a vengeance.

“Did you really have to do all of that?” Vicky asked. “She wasn’t threatening you at all.”

“Did I have to? Of course not.” The young American girl said, obviously amused.

“I just felt like having some fun with her. I said I wouldn’t hurt her, and I haven’t… so far.”

She laughed, coldly. “It doesn’t look like she’s really in pain to me. In fact, it seems as if your sister is finding some pleasure in her situation.”

“Who’s the bitch now, bitch?” The American was now addressing Petra, who was still squirming in hot distress in front of her. “Well, you said you wanted to talk to your little sister. Here’s your chance.”

She laughed yet again; her laugh was quite evil sounding, really.

It was a huge effort, but Petra managed somehow to get her focus away from the doubly intense sensations caused by her full bladder and her bound state.

“Vicky,” she said breathlessly, “what’s going on here, sis?”

“Let me make this simple. She’s not your sister anymore, bitch.” That cold, evil laugh again. “She’s our sister now.”

“Who are these people, Vicky?” Petra spoke, ignoring the other girl’s comment.

“They are vampires, and they made me into one as well. I’m sorry that you got involved, P.”

The sadness in Victoria’s voice was almost palpable.

“Vampires? What in hell are you on about, Vicky?”

Petra couldn’t believe what she was hearing. This wasn’t a bloody Twilight movie; this was real life, and there were no such things as vampires… were there?

The older one spoke again.

“Yes, we have turned your little sister, and there is nothing you can do about that now. Although she is a bit unhappy at the moment, she has plenty of time to get used to her new situation.”

Another cold laugh came from behind Petra’s chair.

“Oh, yeah!”

It was that damn American girl again.

Even though she had been living in New York for the past several years, or perhaps because of that, Petra had already despised Americans before this; this one certainly wasn’t doing much of anything to change her opinion either, she thought to herself.

There was a sharp twinge in her belly, and Petra could feel that she had just leaked a bit of urine from her bladder into her lacy black thong panties again. It was an unmistakable signal that she wouldn’t be able to hold on for too much longer, and she squirmed uncontrollably, straining against the ropes binding her, causing the knots down between her legs to stimulate her even more.

She gasped again, unable to prevent her involuntary reaction.

“Plenty of time… now you, on the other hand…” The American girl laughed yet again.

“Speaking of which… let me give you one!”

Petra suddenly felt an ice-cold hand against her stomach, and as it pressed hard into her bulging, swollen bladder, she gasped once more. The unimaginable cold and pressure forced her to squirt uncontrollably and release a strong hot jet of pee right through her lacy panties, soaking the rope which ran between her legs and dampening the seat of the chair as well as her thighs as she tried desperately to clamp them together to no avail.

With a massive effort, Petra managed to tighten her pelvic floor muscles once more and stop the flow, but it was clear to her that she wouldn’t be able to resist much longer. All of the hot pent-up urine trapped in her full-to-bursting bladder was going to force its way out past her tired sphincter muscles in just a few moments. She could feel it.

The young vampire girl laughed again at Petra's predicament, giving a mocking little wiggle of her own.

“Ooh, it feels so good, doesn’t it, sweetie?”

No matter how badly she wanted to, Petra couldn’t deny the truth of what the American girl was saying.

She was so turned on, her nipples fully erect beneath the thin lacy fabric of her bra, her lady parts so obviously hot, damp, and dripping with her love juices. She was only seconds away from losing control completely, her head spinning from the sensations overwhelming her.

“Look, your sister is about to wet herself!” the American said to Vicky, almost gleefully.

“Want to watch?”

Despite herself, Vicky felt compelled to observe Petra’s degrading humiliation. A mixture of horror and fascination filled her as her older sister twisted and squirmed in the chair before her, sweating despite the cold and straining against the rope ties that bound her so tightly. She could sense the arousal coming from Petra now. It was as if visible waves of heat were radiating off of her entire body, but especially centered in that one particular warm wet place between her sister’s thighs, and now Vicky was beginning to feel an answering heat coming from down inside of her own panties.

“Oh, god,“ Vicky moaned. She suddenly realized that she was getting wet with her own girl juices; she was actually excited by what was happening to her sister.

She didn’t want to watch this, but at the same time, she couldn’t bring herself to look away.

Petra was panting loudly now, struggling to retain control of her tortured bladder as she moved, causing the knots which were pressing against the swollen flesh of her womanhood to bring her ever closer to the point of climax. Her arousal was such exquisite torture and her desire for a wee so great she had no idea which would come first or feel better, the release of the urine she had been forced to hold for so long or the orgasm she was about to have.

Meanwhile, Victoria was feeling quite overwhelmed herself. She had always had something of a psychic connection with her two older siblings, but this was something else entirely. It was a truly empathetic reaction; now she was actually feeling every single thing her sister was feeling, physically, mentally, and emotionally. Petra’s excited state, her uncontrollable urge to pee, her feelings of humiliation, and her rage were mixing together to form a very potent cocktail of sensation, and it was all just about to come to a head.

To make things even more intense, she could feel the heat and arousal from the two vampire girls added to the mix, their feelings feeding off of those of her sister’s just as hers were, but now all four of them intertwined. It was almost unbearable in its intensity yet so pleasurable, the intricate complexity of what they all were feeling as it fed on itself combining with her ability to feel what others were feeling, which had been heightened to such an unimaginable level.

Petra had reached the extreme limit of what she was able to withstand. Vicky could feel her sister’s desperation as her will, no longer equal to the twin tasks of holding her pee and also keeping herself from climaxing, finally failed her.

“OHHHHH,” she gasped, as the tears of shame ran down her pretty, chiseled cheekbones.

She was wetting her panties and the knotted rope between her thighs now, the hot stream was jetting out hard and fast with a soft hissing sound and there was absolutely nothing at all she could do to prevent it from happening.

To make matters even worse, she could feel herself entering the throes of orgasm, the relief of finally letting go combining with her excited state and causing her to climax. The other three girls in the room were now having orgasms as well, and like a feedback loop, the sensations amplified each other as they all climaxed together, over and over again.

Petra was still peeing all the while as she came, her panties soaked, the chair dripping, the warm wetness pooling beneath her bare feet. She had been so full, and held for so long. Now, she moaned, she sighed, she gasped for air.

Despite the unbelievable humiliation of it all, she found herself relishing the sensations of release; both her relief at being able to pee and the thrill of her orgasmic state. It went on seemingly forever.

She had almost totally lost track of time and place when, finally, both her urine flow and the waves of multiple orgasms engulfing her began to slow, diminish, and finally stop.

Completely drained, sitting in a hot, wet puddle of her own pee, she sagged in her bonds, and collapsed.

Before she passed out again, the last thing she heard was, “Was it good for you too, sweetie?”

It was that hated American girl’s voice again.

Then the darkness swallowed her whole.

“Wow, that sister of yours is something else,” the young girl said to Vicky, who was leaning on the wall to support herself now. Her legs were weak and wobbly, having never felt anything that intense before in her entire life.

“Is it always like that?” Victoria asked softly.

“Pretty much,” was the reply.

(to be continued) \/###\/

