A night of intense gaming - A Lucky Star fanfic

Author: Kyuu

*000*2019-10-15 03:56

This is just a short piece I wrote to go along with a new artwork commission I made from @raikori

!

Nothing particularly great, but I hope some can enjoy it!

###

"Hmm, hmm~" hums a cheery Konata as she rummages through the fridge in the midst of the night, butt swaying in the air as she digs out a whole liter of soda.

"Caffeine, check!"

It's the start of the weekend for this long blue-haired otaku, and that can only mean one of two things. Games, or anime.

Today, however, was a special one. It marked the release date of an expansion to one of Konata's favorite MMO's.

"Okay! It's game time Konata!"

With a fist-pump loaded with enthusiasm and a controller in-hand, the long blue-haired girl plops her butt to the floor in-front of her bedroom TV. A full liter of caffeinated soda to keep her awake and no responsibilities to worry about over the weekend.

With just a press of her controllers power button she was off. Her outfit for this evening: a comfy panda-themed shirt and a loose pair of shorts, perfect lounging attire for a night of gaming.

"Sweet! Queue times aren't too bad." she says, quickly making her way through the in-game login menu.

With nothing else to do for the moment, she starts off by downing a respectable amount of her liter of cola to give herself a bit of a caffeinated boost, and after a few more minutes of waiting, she was finally in. The servers were, as expected, swarmed with people already playing the game.

"Guh. So many people. I can hardly see my character. I hope my internet holds out tonight."

Escaping the swarm of people around the login point, Konata picks up the first new quest of the expansion and begins the familiar, long, tedious grind.

About half an hour in, she's already progressed past the first level and half of her cola when a rumble and a chime rings out beside her.

"Hmm?" placing her controller to the side and reaching over to her phone, Konata sees a familiar face on the screen and promptly picks up. "Ah, Kagamin! What's up?"

"Hey.. Konata, are you busy? Can you help me? I'm stuck on a quest." an exasperated voice replies.

Konata, with a mischievous smirk responds. "Ufufu, stuck already? You're helpless Kagamin. I suppose I could help you, but you'll owe me."

Kagami, with a hint of annoyance. "Ugh, you'll find some excuse to cheat off my homework either way, so just come help me already!"

With that, the two companions partied up and quickly advanced through their quests together. "Ah, Kagamin, do you not have any potions? No wonder you're struggling. Open a trade with me and I'll give you some of mine."

After about an hour of questing like this, the two manage to get through two more levels together, but inevitably as the clock strikes midnight exhaustion takes its toll upon one of the two party members.

"Kona-chan, I think I'm going to call it. I still don't get how you can stay up all night doing these things."

"Kagamin, Kagamin, you have much to learn! You must come to these things prepared!" Konata says triumphantly, taking another long swig of cola to emphasize her point.

"You know if you keep pulling all-nighters like this you're going to fall asleep in school again, right?"

"Well, it's a good thing I have my trusty party member there to help me where I'm struggling."

Kagamin lets out a sigh of defeat before ending the call. "Of-course you'd say that. Just try to get some rest and take better care of yourself. I'll call you tomorrow."

With no party member left to help her, Konata continues the grind solo, progressing all the way to the first boss level of the expansion within the hour.

The blue-haired girl takes a final gulp of her cola, finishing the bottle before clenching her fists and pumping herself up. "All right! First boss! Let's do this Konata!"

It doesn't take long for her to find a party and enter the dungeon, and for the first several minutes things seem to go well enough.. until, inevitably, that liter of cola she downed over the last few hours catches up to her.

It starts with a slight tingling in the girls lower regions, which she promptly ignores, focused entirely on completing the task at hand.

Within a few minutes though, that tingling turns into a bit of uncontrollable squirming, the otaku girls thighs rubbing together subconsciously as her attention remains fiercely fixed on the dungeon at hand.

She might normally pause for a quick bathroom break at this point, but the party she was in had just arrived at the dungeons boss, and as she was playing the role of a healer, she couldn't just up and leave them.

"Okay, I'll just hold it until after this boss! No problem!" She thought to herself. She'd had plenty of close calls before like this. As a dedicated gamer, she was used to pushing her limits in more ways than one.

A few minutes into the fight, the girls butt is bouncing on the floor a bit and her legs are swaying from side to side. The boss' HP is gradually dropping, but one of the party members has just died. "Tch! Come on, stop standing in AoE's!" Konata grumbles as she swiftly revives the fallen party member.

5 more minutes in and the boss has just barely hit 50%. At this point all that cola has really taken its toll on this poor otaku's bladder.

Struggling against the feeling that she's about to burst, Konata desperately tries to stay focused on the fight at hand.

When it appears safe, she promptly, shamelessly, digs a hand down her shorts to hold herself as she positions her trembling body with her knee pressing into her girlhood forcefully hold back the flow.

"Focus! You can do this Konata!" the blue-haired girl repeats in her head as her legs tremble and sweat rolls down her forehead. A few more minutes into the fight and the boss is almost dead. Finally, all looks to be going well!

Excitement swells up in her as the boss reaches 5%. Just a bit more and she'll be one of the first players to clear this dungeon! 4%.. almost there..

Shhplurtt!

Konata's eyes go wide as a crack bursts through the dam, squirting out a sharp spurt of warm liquids that instantly soak into her anime-printed panties as her body begs for further relief, her trembling legs locking tightly in desperation and doing all they can to keep everything back.

3%.. "Come on, come on!" Konata repeats. They're so close!

2%.. Pang! Sspurt! Konata moans out in frustration. Her hand darts into her shorts, feeling the now saturated cotton material as more of the warm golden liquids desperately struggle to push through her over-filled bladder.

1%.. 0%.. "Yes!" Konata shouts in triumph, hands darting back to her controller as she hastily goes to claim her loot and exit the party, forcing her body up in an instant in formation to dart to the bathroom.

"I did it! I won! Wahaha-ah?!" Konata's look of triumph is immediately replaced with shock as a splashing, pattering sound fills her ears.

In the instant she jumped and lost focus, the dam that was barely contained inside of her exploded. The fanfare music from her TV now drowned out by an exceedingly noisy hissing as Konata looks down in complete shock to see a golden pool forming beneath her as rapid golden rivers pour down the legs of her shorts.

"Ah! Damn! Stop, stop! Not when I was so close!" Konata curses at herself as she hurriedly locks her legs simultaneously to suppress the flow, only resulting in the recognition of an increasing warmth spreading up her butt as the sizable amount of urine completely soaks through her shorts and splatters uncontrollably through the thin, drenched fabric.

Realizing she may have won the battle but lost the war, Konata just collapses back onto the floor with a resounding splash as the torrent inside her continues unhampered. Her eyes gaze down to the puddle beneath as it spreads outwards and inches to her feet before finally trickling down to a halt.

Konata, with a moan of both defeat and relief, sets the controller down out of harms way. "Hahhhh... I really did it. I peed myself. That's never happened before. I must be.. lacking in my training."

Glancing back down beneath her, a somewhat smug smile creeps on her face for a moment as she takes in the sheer size of the puddle she just produced. "Fufufu.. then again.. I actually held all that in? Maybe I'm not so bad after all. I bet Kagamin couldn't come close to competing with that." she says, carefully standing up as to avoid stepping into the golden mini-pond beneath her.

"This will be such a pain to clean though. So much for my all-night gaming session."

