9th grade girl pees herself while running to the bathroom.

Author: animepee1234

*000*2018-02-13 02:30

This actually just happened recently and I found it funny. Also for the ones who've seen my other experiences with seeing girls wet themselves, this is the same Adriana from my previous experiences. Enjoy!

3rd period

Adriana walks into the room laughing obnoxiously. I roll my eyes and start the task for the day.

Just then Adriana raised her hand and said "Can I use the bathroom".

The teacher said "After class you should of gone before hand".

Me hating her and always liking when she wets herself I kept an eye on her.

About 10 minutes passed and she started holding her crotch, crossing her legs and jiggling in her chair.

She raised her hand once more and said "Ms.W, Ms.W, can I pleeeease use the bathroom it's an emergency".

Again the teacher denied her request to relieve herself.

A few minutes before the period ended she looked desperate as hell. She was holding her crotch with both hands and crossing her legs

The bell then rang I packed my supplies up and followed Adriana out of the class room.

She ran toward the bathroom right across from our next period but the door was apparently locked. She banged on the door, shook the door knob than ran to the other bathroom down stairs.

The late bell rang

She ran down and I followed I then saw little drips of pee start coming out from her crotch, into her jeans, then on the floor. She stopped right by the bathroom and then a dark color filled her jeans as a puddle formed under her. She blushed as the piss continued to flow down her leg.

I went to class than sat down

She later walks in and said "Sorry I'm late I almost peed myself" She then walks toward her desk then she accidentally drops her bag and everyone saw her yellow tinted soaked panties and her soaked jeans.

I pulled my phone out to try and snap a picture but AS SOON AS I GO TO THE CAMERA IT DIES UUUUUUGGGGHHHHHH!

Well if it happens again I'll make sure to tell you about it because this girls has the smallest bladder ever I'm sure it'll happen again

