Ticket to Hollywood 2

Author: Pain

*000*2015-02-19 11:30

By the end of the day, Jennifer had been taking longer pees than usual. With the water therapy clearly showing its effects on her skin and figure, Jennifer had decided to continue with it even though she would get to pee only twice or thrice during the day due to her hectic schedule.

But it wasn’t problem for her. Being the owner of a titanic bladder at least saves you the trouble of needing to go to the loos every now and then.

Being a thorough professional , Jennifer Lawrence never liked to interrupt her work with a useless and unproductive task such as peeing.

She had always considered her bladder as a tank meant for storing her urine as long as she wished to keep it there.

She had only been desperate to pee once during work while shooting for one of her TV shows back in her earlier days in the industry.

After chugging down at least a couple bottles of water on the sets, she had held it for almost 6 hours before rushing into the toilet to take an incredibly long pee.

Till date Jennifer had considered this the closest she had ever been to losing control and wetting herself. But that happened way back when she was a kid. Jennifer’s bladder had grown in capacity since then and she was well aware of it.

###

Slurping down her third bottle of water ,Jennifer stepped inside the dressing room ready to get her costume and make-up done.

“Honey, you would want to go to the toilet before you put this suit on..” said her assistant , Justine ,looking at Jennifer emptying the bottle she had walked in with.

“No it’s fine…I can hold it” Jennifer said, nodding back.

“Really? ….I mean are you sure? It’s gonna be a long shoot today…I would suggest you to go to the toilets before putting this suit on….”

“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine…I don’t even clearly remember the last time I was desperate to pee anyway…the director is gonna be really mad if I don’t get to the sets on time…” 

“Well fine…” Justine breathed, accepting her defeat.

A skin tight ,dark blue costume was what Jennifer had to wear for her character in the movie. The process of just putting it on, took more than an hour.It was such a tedious task that Jennifer would require Justine’s help to just put it on. But there was another problem that came along with it. Jennifer usually had to wait either for the break time or till the shoot wrapped up before she could undo her heavy rubber molded costume ,to finally use the loos. During longer schedules , Mark ,the director of the movie would give Jennifer ample amount of loo breaks in-between, because he understood that with the amount of water actresses had these days, being stuck inside a costume with a full bladder could be a big trouble for them.

After finally being done with her costume and make up, Jennifer was ready to shoot .

She shot a glance at her mobile phone, it was 9:17 am . The shoot hadn’t even started yet and Jennifer could feel a vast amount of piss already sitting in her bladder. Maybe she should have peed before putting on the costume, but now it was too late to go back on that decision. She’d at least have to wait until lunch before she could undo her dress to be able to pee.

Sitting on a chair with her legs crossed, Jennifer read through her script, trying to memorize the lines before she gave the shot ,ignoring the signals her bladder had been sending for the past two hours. 

Considering the fact that they were already behind schedule ,the producer had asked the film’s unit to wrap up a major part of the shoot today itself .

“Guys…there will not be a 2 hour long lunch break today…just a 15 minute recess…got it?” Mark announced through the mike.

Everyone on the set was working in overdrive, trying to hurry things up since there was so much to do in such a little time span.

Even though Jennifer was feeling a considerable need to pee, she kept drinking water in between the shots , trying to keep up with her water therapy.

And before long, her bladder started ballooning rapidly. Even the tight costume she was wearing wasn’t enough to prevent her bladder from expanding significantly.

Jennifer noticed the growing bulge in her abdomen but it hardly bothered her. She was well aware that her bladder was no less than a camel’s and that she could hold her pee as long as she wished to.

She just didn’t want to interrupt the shoot with an abrupt bathroom break and she took it as a perfect opportunity to put her mighty bladder to work.

Although Jennifer hadn’t admitted this to anyone but she felt incredibly proud of herself ,being in public and talking to people while holding on to a precariously full bladder.

The thought that the people whom she is talking to are unaware of how full her bladder is , was a high for Jennifer. It made her feel far superior to other people who would dare not waste a second in finding where the nearest loo is if they had a bladder even half as loaded and full as hers. 

Jennifer was enjoying each moment of it, walking around in the sets when she had a minute or two, talking to the crew members , as she felt her bladder fill up more with each step she took and she wasn’t even desperate yet, all thanks to the walls of steel her bladder had.

By the time it was 5 in the evening, Jennifer had consumed a whooping ten liters of water topped off with a cup of coffee, despite her ever mounting need to pee.

Her need to pee had increased leaps and bounds by now. She was beginning to think of asking Mark for the permission to go use the toilet , but cancelled the idea because she knew that they didn’t have time to waste. Removing her tight costume and putting it back after peeing would have easily taken around 2 hours and Jennifer understood that was a nonnegotiable situation.

“Everything fine?” Mark asked, as he saw Jennifer standing by her vanity, waiting for the shot to be ready.

“Ya! But …..I was just wondering when the shoot is gonna end?” she asked. The first thought that she might have drank way too much for even her cast –iron bladder to hold was beginning to creep into Jennifer’s mind.

“I don’t know …it depends on how quickly we cover up the remaining portion…” 

“Well I was just wondering… if I could use the toilets... you know...it has been a while since we started shooting…” Jennifer said, trying to conceal the fact that she was beginning to feel desperate. The amount of urine being pumped into her bladder was way more than what she had calculated and now she was growing worried, thinking about when she would get to pee. “Well I know honey and I am so sorry I haven’t given you any time to relieve yourself but please could you wait a little longer…? We absolutely cannot afford any delays right now..’ Mark said, as he noticed Jennifer’s tightly pressed thighs.

“Oh no, it’s okay…I’m fine, I was just asking” Jennifer smiled, trying to hide her dilemma. She had never felt her bladder fill up so quickly. It was a warning sign that she empty her tank as soon as she possibly could or she would in big trouble.

Mark left , leaving behind Jennifer who was now fighting a rigorous battle against her dangerously full bladder .

As she continued to shoot despite her increasing need to urinate Jennifer had to make a conscious and consistent effort in keeping her sphincters shut.

All throughout the shoot ,Jennifer was consistently scissoring her thighs trying to ease the building strain in her bulbous bladder. She was praying for the shoot to wrap-up soon but it seemed like her prayers were going unheard.

Jennifer was now forced to take small , careful steps to avoid jogging her bladder .

After shooting for one of those intense emotional scenes ,Jennifer walked up to the small T.V that Mark used for running the frames they had just shot.

She bent forward a little, holding her butt with both her hands, looking into the TV screen. Jennifer observed it minutely to see if she had acted well enough.

As the scene ran, Jennifer seemed convinced with her performance but it was the director’s verdict that really mattered.

“You acted well, it doesn’t look like you needed to pee while filming these scenes” Mark reported with a smile.

“Well thanks…that’s a huge compliment” Jennifer giggled. Although she was happy to get a positive feedback for her work , the waves of urine crashing against the walls of her bladder were posing to be a big trouble.

As hours passed the load in her bladder dramatically increased. The walls of her aching bladder felt incredibly stretched and not to mention its heaviness, Jennifer was now going out of her mind to use the loos.

“When is this shoot gonna end?” she complained, as she sat on a chair with her legs crossed, rubbing her swollen abdomen gently.

“I told you to pee before you put that ridiculous costume on…” Justine barked, clearly upset with her boss for not listening to her repeated warnings.

“I can’t believe my bladder is so full already, I should have cut down on water...” Jennifer reported, squirming on her seat in an effort to ease the pressure, “… a bad day to do the water therapy I guess” she smirked. Jennifer was now regretting her decision to keep drinking more fluids even though her bladder had been revolting against it.

“Well ,looks like you’ll just have to hold it” Justine said, she was well aware of just how much water Jennifer had been drinking throughout the day and it didn’t come to her as a surprise that she was now feeling an insuppressible need to wee.

“Well it’s easy to say that…you have no idea how it feels to drink 10 liters of water and not be able to use the toilets for the entire day…” Jennifer moaned in agony.

Anyhow, Jennifer willed herself to continue shooting although she was growing less sure if she would be able to last long enough.

“Just what is that? Why is your stomach so bloated?” Mark asked, looking at the enormous bulge Jennifer was sporting.

“I told you…my bladder is really swelling up after all that water I had” Jennifer responded, as she stood with her hands on her hips.

“Oh…I am so sorry Jen , I promise , we’ll pack up the shoot as soon as possible” Mark replied, before showing her some modifications in the script.

While Jennifer discussed the changes with the director, she could feel her body pumping streams of urine into her already mammoth full bladder. If she’d been at home, she would have gone to the toilet hours ago.

She was finding it difficult to even walk straight with a bladder so distended. With each passing moment ,it was getting harder for her to focus on her lines and bring out the correct expressions while on the camera.

Jennifer was really worried, the shoot was taking longer than what she had expected and she really had to pee now. Her bladder was now bulging well out over her tight suit, making her look a few months pregnant.

“Mark …honey… do you think, we can take a small break?” Jennifer asked , as she caressed her painfully swollen bladder.

“Ya sure a 15 minute recess will be good but please not more than that…” he replied, shuffling through some pages.

“That is not what I meant…”

“Then?”

“I mean… can I take restroom break, I really need it…” Jennifer requested, her eyes begging for a positive reply.

“I can’t let you do that darling… we are already behind schedule and I don’t think we’ll be able to wait another two hours for you to go to the bathroom and come back…I am sorry honey ,I just can’t help it…” Mark stated.

“Mark…”Jennifer said, “I have to go to the bathroom, I can’t take ‘no’ for an answer. My bladder feels like it’s gonna burst inside me…you have to let me go!” she demanded.

“I told you Jennifer, it is not possible for me to stall the shoot, you’ll just have to hold it back until we pack up…” Mark replied, before he gave his actress a sympathetic look and then leaving her there.

Truly, Mark thought, he had never seen anyone fight so hard to control their pee, nor could he ever remember anyone having consumed so much liquid without using the loos, but there was nothing he could have done to help the poor girl. The producer had already invested a lot of money and any more delays meant a huge loss to him. Now all depended on how long Jennifer could manage to keep her flood back.

Jennifer felt she was gonna die , trying to hold all that water inside her, she needed to release it and soon.

Each shot she gave and each movement she made was agony. Jennifer’s bladder was so full she couldn’t even think straight.

She was now stuck in her skin tight over all suit, needing to piss like a racehorse. She had overestimated her bladder capacity and she was cursing herself over the decision to drink so much when she knew she wouldn’t be able to use the toilet. Her bladder was now converted into a urine bomb which was about to explode anytime soon.

All she could think of was how badly she wanted to use the toilets. She had never needed to pee this bad in her entire life .

Although she was trying her best do hide how desperate she was , her clenched fists and tightly pressed thighs told the truth. Her back was slightly arched, as she strained every muscle in her body to contain the bursting pressure in her bladder.

Jennifer somehow was willing herself through the shoot, each passing moment pushed her closer to losing control and wetting herself.

She just could not pee in the suit, it was way too expensive and she certainly wasn’t in the position to pay for any damages done to it.

For one of the scenes she had to perform a sword fight with Charles, who played the main antagonist in the movie. It was all going well until she accidentally stabbed him in his gut.

“WHOA!” the guy screamed, as he fell to the ground, immediately holding his wound. It was not deep but it did hurt.

Jennifer covered her mouth in horror, “I am so sorry , I didn’t mean to….” she wailed, as crew members gathered around them.

“Oh no, it’s okay don’t worry…” Charles said as he got back to his feet. Jennifer took a breath of relief when she realized that her co-star hadn’t suffered any major injuries.

As a doctor attended to the actor’s wound, Jennifer stood by him, blaming herself for this.

“I am so sorry, I couldn’t execute the moves . I really have to go to the bathroom and it is making me so distracted, I can’t concentrate on anything…” Jen said, when the doctor finally left.

“It’s okay, I said I am fine you don’t have to worry.”

She smiled at Charles before he went his way. Jennifer wrapped her hands around her chest. She was practically shaking with the effort it took to hold her piss. She crossed her legs slightly . Even this little movement gave her bladder the worst beating ever. But the biggest problem was, that a considerable part of all the water she had throughout the day was still left to go through her. Jennifer was in deep,deep trouble.

As she saw the crew members pacing around, trying to catch up with the limited amount of time that was left in their hands, Jennifer was barely able to contain herself, “Fuck...I won’t be able to hold it till the shoot ends but Mark…he won’t let me go… what to do?” she thought, there was not much time left for her either. She felt so helpless ,she was about to cry but was trying her best not to breakdown.

As the clock struck 9, Jennifer was finding it really hard to stand still as her bladder continued to fill and swell. It was getting difficult for her to even recall those thoroughly memorized lines.

While walking around the set, Jennifer grabbed her crotch from time to time when she felt sure that no one would see her doing so. It somewhat helped ease the insane amount of pressure on her tired sphincters but she knew it won’t be enough to hold back the flood, when it comes.

Five minutes to mid-night, the film’s unit decided to shoot the last scene for the day.

Jennifer was glad to know that the schedule was about to end soon but her bladder was deliriously tired of containing so much pee for so long . Neither did her bladder had the strength nor the space to hold even a drop more of urine, there was not much time left for her, she had to hurry.

Full of pee ,Jennifer geared up for the final shot . As she stepped out of the vanity she had to grab her crotch for a moment to provide some back up to her now exhausted sphincters.

Bent forward a little ,she staggered her way to the set , cupping her colossal bladder bulge. The pain was unbelievable but she had to endure it. 

Jennifer’s bladder was so stretched that each step she took left her withering in agony. She was moments away from losing control and peeing into her costume but there was no looking back now.

Stiff-legged and hunched forward, she hobbled towards the set trying her best to keep from leaking. 

“Roll camera…and…action!” the director exclaimed, giving the cue to begin filming.

Jennifer tried to speak her lines with utmost concentration but each time ,she couldn’t keep herself from stammering a bit.

“Cut it!” Mark shouted, “Jennifer what are you doing?! Focus on your lines, feel the lines, alright? Let’s go…” 

Only Jennifer knew that almost her entire focus was being consumed in trying to stop her pee from gushing out. A single moment of relaxation and she was gonna lose it.

Another shot and this time Jennifer couldn’t stop herself from shaking with pressure in addition to her stammering.

“Jen you look completely out of your character…com’mon, I know you can do better than this…”, a clearly frustrated and angry Mark stated.

Even after several retakes , Mark remained unsatisfied with Jennifer’s performance. He took her to the side and said, “Jen honey you are practically shaking while doing your lines, what’s the matter?”

Jennifer, who stood with her thighs tightly pressed together and bending forward a little while cupping her bladder , said with a look of distress on her face,“I….I…I have to use the toilets….it’s gonna come out…”. She had clearly reached the end of her rope.

Mark had completely forgotten about Jennifer’s problem and this confession from her almost made him feel guilty . He felt it was her mistake that Jennifer wasn’t getting to use the toilets.

“I am sorry Jen.. it is all because of me, I know…but we cannot stall the shoot now …there is so much stress and pressure upon us to cover the shoot today itself..we are running out of time…please this one last shot Jennifer please…” he pleaded.

At this moment , Jennifer felt as if all the pressure, tension and stress the entire cast and crew was experiencing had been transferred into her bladder. It all depended on her now, she knew she had to do it.

Mustering up her entire remaining strength she forced herself to shoot, with her pee right on the edge of shooting out uncontrollably.

But the problem was that even the smallest scenes take hours to shoot in big budget movies.

It was almost 4 in the morning by the time the shoot finally met its end. Several times during this duration, Jennifer felt drops of pee escape, leaving a wet feeling around her crotch. To her luck the rubber costume couldn’t have absorbed any of that .

Even Jennifer was amazed that she had managed to hold her pee that long. Bent forward, she made her way to the dressing room. The only thing that was standing between her and the relief she needed was her costume.

Her assistant Justine, was amazed on how this girl had somehow managed to hold her pee for this long. She was right behind Jennifer because she knew that her boss would need her help with removing the suit.

After almost 20 hours of shooting, trapped in her skin tight suit, Jennifer was now ready to unload her long held lake of pee.

She was barely able to hold it any longer, grabbing her crotch tight and holding the wall for support, Jennifer staggered her way to the dressing room.

As they both stepped inside, Jennifer broke out of her somehow held poise and calm, “Justine, get me out of this shit…fuck I’m gonna pee my pants..” she cried out, crossing her legs tight and grabbing her crotch.

“Don’t worry…you’ll be out in no time” Justine said as she flung into action. She knew Jennifer didn’t have much time left in her hands. There was a strong possibility that she would lose control and wet herself while removing the dress. 

“ had so much water…” Jennifer sighed as she sat on the chair facing the mirror. This was an impossible situation. There was no way, she would last. She squirmed in her seat, desperately trying her best to keep from wetting herself as Justine continued to undo the costume.

“Hurry up Justine…”Jennifer wailed, her hand digging deep inside her crotch.

“I told you not to drink so much water!” Justine scolded.

It took a little less than an hour to take the suit off . The moment Jennifer realized that she was free to go, she made a mad dash for the loos ,wearing just her bra and panty.

She grabbed her crotch tightly on the way, trying to hang on just a little longer.

“Wait I wanna watch you pee…” Justine exclaimed with a smile as she followed Jennifer into the toilet.

Once in there, Jennifer stripped down her panties in a fraction of a second and let out an incredible blast of pee even before she sat on the toilet.

“Ahha….” Jennifer sighed in relief at last, closing in her eyes as she experienced the best peegasm of her life, “Hufff…”

“Spread your legs, I wanna watch…” Justine requested in excitement and Jennifer obliged. 

And what Justine saw next left her awe struck, the pressure and force that Jennifer was peeing with was god like. It was like a bath tab turned full on.

She had never seen or heard anyone pee like that before. She looked on in amazement as the torrent rushing out of her friend gained even more strength . The sheer quantity of urine coming out of Jennifer was unbelievable.

Even after peeing for an entire minute, her stream didn’t look like it was gonna stop any time soon.

“That is not possible…no one can pee that much…” Justine blabbered as her eyes widened in shock.

“Told you I had to go to the bathroom..” Jennifer sighed, holding her knees and leaning forward a little, with her eyes closed, as she kept on peeing and peeing and peeing. Although a vast amount of liquid had already left her, Jennifer’s bladder hardly felt any less full.

“I can’t believe you were holding back that much… that’s impossible…!” Justine giggled in surprise and shock.

“I thought I was gonna die trying to hold back all that water…” Jennifer sighed as she finally felt the pain in her bladder begin to ease.

As Jennifer continued to empty herself she felt almost as if she was about to faint with relief. 

“You certainly did your water therapy today…”Justine quoted, looking at the awful amount of urine pouring out of her friend. Even after peeing for minutes on an end, Jennifer’s stream looked powerful enough to leave a crack on the porcelain. 

Justine gazed on as Jennifer’s bladder finally began to deflate.

After around 5 minutes of peeing, her torrent die down to a mere trickle before eventually dying out. Jennifer’s bladder finally had nothing more in store.

“That was such a good piss, I feel so relieved..” she sighed, as she stood up after wiping herself, to slide her panties back on.

Although her bladder was now empty ,it still felt incredibly strained and each step she took hurt her inner muscles.

“It feels so relieving when it comes out so good..” Jennifer moaned , rubbing her abdomen to show where it still pained.

“I bet you feel 20 pounds lighter after letting out all that…” Justine joked. 

All the way home Justine couldn’t keep herself from commenting on how impressed she was with Jennifer’s holding capacity and the kind of blast she could produce after holding it for so long.

Jennifer had barely dodged a huge accident and now all she wanted to do was get home and go to sleep.

This was indeed, the most important piss of her life.

*001*2015-02-20 07:12

Guys please comment and tell what you like or didn't like about the story. Feel free to criticize so that I can learn and write better stories in future for you all to read. Thank you. 

*006*2015-02-21 09:37
{{

}}

I've edited the story a little, just beacuse you wanted a different climax.

Here's the link, hope you like it.

https://omorashi.org/topic/24776-ticket-to-hollywood-2-alternate-end/

{{ 

Personally, I would have preferred a wetting scene, right after the shooting is done.

She realises she managed to finish the shooting. Then she just has not the strength to resist any longer - and pees herself to her great shame.

}}

I can understand what you mean to say but unfortunately since it was a rubber suit, peeing in it would have been meaningless I suppose. But please let me know if I am thinking the wrong way.

{{
I feel like things are a little rushed as you practically skip over multiple hours. In my opinion, this story would've been even better if more details were added (maybe you could split it into chapters if it becomes too long). It was a good story 'though.
}}

I agree with you, I will certainly add more details to my future stories.
{{
Personally it was a bit too unrealistic and over the top in terms of quantities drunk and hours held etc, but that's just my preferences and I think some people really like stories like that from what I've heard (although don't quote me on that). Other than that it wasn't bad I thought :)
}}

Sure , I will keep that in mind and try to write a bit more realistic stories in future.
