Eva

Author: fullbladder

*000*2015-05-19 07:23

As promised, here is a MASSIVE project I have been working on. It is simply entitled "Eva" as it revolves around the life and thoughts of a female character, from her youth to her 40's. This probably not for everyone, as it will take a while to read through and there are significant portions which don't have any pee-related stuff at all. I'd also like to warn you that I found this difficult to write, as some parts are quite dark/sad but Eva is a complex character and I wanted to include all the details to show her evolution over time. This is very different from anything I've ever written before and I'm really nervous about posting it. I probably won't be writing anything else for a while, but I'd like to thank you all for your support and feedback. This is a wonderful community and I feel so fortunate to be able to contribute to it.

Chapter 1

Dr. Eva Lopez looked over her class of forty-some freshmen. Just three more lectures to go now and the semester would be over. She wondered if any of the students ever thought about how boring the instructor may find the material she was presenting. They always seemed selfish in a sense, unafraid to express their boredom in class, on the verge of falling asleep as they played around on their phones and laptops waiting for freedom. It seemed as if she was always fighting the temptation to tell them that they didn't need to show up, that no one was forcing them to sit through lecture after lecture, pretending to learn. They'd probably heard all of this from other instructors already, but she prided herself on being as professional as possible. She was constantly battling to prove herself in a prestigious field of work dominated by older males.

She was of Mexican-Caucasian descent. Her beautiful mother Angelina, working as a maid at a resort in Puerto Vallarta, had met a successful American businessman on vacation. She was only 19 and Brock was almost twice her age, but it was a way out of poverty and into a new life. Not to mention, he was handsome, wealthy, polite, and hopelessly in love with her. He had brought her back to Chicago where they had married just three months later. It was a wedding well beyond her humble imagination, with expensive wine, the best catering in Illinois, and over 1,000 guests. She had felt uncomfortable in her wedding dress; it was worth more than her family's cumulative wealth, a few times over.

Eva was born almost exactly one year after the wedding. Before she was three, her father had been transferred to New York and everything seemed to change. He visited them once a month, if that. They had tried to visit him at his condo in New York, but he was so busy with work that he didn't really have time to show them around The Big Apple. He simply came home well after midnight and gone to sleep next to his wife. Little Eva, curled up in her favourite blanket on the couch, could hear her parents arguing every morning through the bedroom door.

Finally after a year of his wife's pestering, Eva's dad had agreed to buy them a new home in New York so they could live together once again. Eva and her mom had preferred not to leave their cozy home in Chicago, but were happy just to be a family again. Eva was enrolled to start school in a private New York institution in a few months and they'd start moving over the summer once the house sale was finalized. Suddenly, her dad stopped communicating. There were no answers when his wife or daughter called. A desperate inquiry to the realtor revealed that the sale had fallen apart, but details were confidential. They contemplated calling the police to ensure he was okay, but a letter from Brock showed up in their mailbox before they went ahead with it.

The letter stated that he had fallen in love with his secretary at work and she was pregnant with his child. He was sorry about all of this, especially that he didn't have the courage to say this to them in person. He hoped one day he would be able to see both of them, but right now he was too embarrassed at his actions to say when that might be. He hoped they would accept this for now and not take him to family court. The package contained signed divorce papers transferring the full ownership of their house to Angelina as well as custody of Eva. There was also a cheque for half a million dollars.

Eva and her mother had been devastated and shocked by the news. Angelina still lived a traditional, sustainable life full of home cooking, gardening, and sewing. The money truly meant nothing to her and she wanted nothing more than to tear up the contents of the horrible letter and take the first flight back to Mexico. She had just had her life torn apart by her so-called husband and she needed nothing from that cowardly lying asshole. However, she owed it to her daughter to do better. Despite her sorrow, she quickly got Eva enrolled into a public school in Chicago and ready for kindergarten in September. The money was wisely invested in a variety of interest and dividend yielding investments which covered all their expenses until an adult Eva could use the principal for her education and life.

Eva had stubbornly set out to become the strong independent woman her mother raised her to be. She had refused to adopt her father's name, despite Angelina never officially switching back to her maiden name. She was not only brilliant at school, but also grew up to be beautiful. She stood 5'8 with a toned structure and amazing curves. Throughout her teenage years up to her current age of 40, she caused men to stare helplessly despite being accompanied by their wives, girlfriends, or children. She truly looked young for her age, staying in shape with a strict regime of yoga, cardio, and weights training. She had naturally wavy black hair and light brown skin to complement her perfect proportions. There was no makeup, hair stylist, or spa treatment needed to seduce any man she desired.

She had been quite promiscuous in her younger years, losing her virginity at 14. Fortunately, she was smart enough to avoid the risks of unprotected sex even at the early experimental phase; she always insisted on boys showing her a condom before she even let them go to third base. She had built an impressive list of sexual partners already at the age of 20. However, things changed drastically in her second-year psychology class, taught by a handsome thirty-something African-American PhD student named James. Eva had been captivated by him, but also the course. She was fascinated by the human mind and how well he understood it. She felt like he spoke to her each lecture. She wanted to be inside in his mind, to have him think of her at all times.

For the first time in her life, she moved to the front of the class, hoping he would make some sort of acknowledgement towards her. However, he seemed focused on delivering a well-organized lecture. She began revealing more and more skin as weeks passed by, with low cut tops and short skirts. She even went bra-less, but still failing to catch his attention for more than a passing glance. She suspected that her classmates thought of her as a slut, but she hardly cared. She had never cared what people thought of her.

She was perplexed by James' refusal to even look at her every now and then. All the other boys in the class stared at her every chance they got. She knew he wasn't gay. He had spoken bluntly about his own life experiences in certain instances, offering examples which related to various brain functions and human behaviours. He might have a significant other, but that surely wouldn't be enough to stop him from admiring the scenery a little? She was gorgeous- she never went fifteen minutes without being hit on or complemented!

She finally decided to visit the man's office during office hours. She still vividly remembered what she wore and exactly how the meeting had gone. She had strode in confidently in high heels on the overcast, yet warm Spring morning, wearing a tight black leather skirt and an even tighter red blouse with no bra. She had left the top buttons of the blouse undone, showing as much cleavage as possible without her boobs popping right out. Her sultry perfume followed her down the hall and into her instructor's office.

Dr. Lopez took a break from her twenty- year-old memories to look up at the giant clock behind her. There were still a couple minutes to kill before she would tell her students to quiet down and get out their optional assignments from last Monday. She had been absent-mindedly setting things on the desk in front of the classroom, preparing for the day's lecture. As always, there were students there early with their eyes locked on her, dressed sharply in tan dress pants and white blouse. She didn't really give the attention a second thought anymore- she was used to it. She cringed slightly as her thoughts reverted once again to that historic day, March 23rd, 1995. It was certainly not a proud event in her life, but it was an important one in shaping the woman she had eventually become.

