The perfect boyfriend - a fanfic/story - Page 3

Author: Little Widow

*050*2013-06-18 21:24

Okay I don't know how many people this applies to, but I'm just the kind of person who cares enough to put a trigger warning in here. so MAJOR TRIGGER WARNING. But aside from the heavy mentioning of cutting and stuff, this is actually one of my more favored chapters. :) Enjoy!

Episode 77: PARTY PARTY TIME PARTY TIME CRASHER

(Okay so I really can't figure out how to get to the part I want, so i'm just gonna give you bare minimum up here and then get to the story. The surprise party was at that place that I can't remember the name of that has bowling and an arcade and stuff and I'm at the table checking my phone. K, story time. :)

"Well well, look who it is," Katie heard a voice from behind say. She turned to see a tall blonde with big curls and a perfect pout on her face

"Can I help you?" She asked.

"Oh no, not at this point," The girl said. "No, you've already stolen my boyfriend and corrupted him. It's all YOUR fault Kendall is broken bitch!"

"Who the hell do you think you are?! I didn't do anything to your stupid boyfriend!" Katie shouted.

"Oh, but you're the little slut who's dating Kendall Knight, aren't you?" The blonde hissed. Katie's eyes widened; This was his ex, Jo.

"What the hell do you want with me?" Katie asked. "In case you haven't noticed, he isn't here!"

"That's right, because he's in rehab for bulimia!" Jo shrieked. "He was NEVER purging when I was dating him! You ruined his life you emo little freak!"

"Jo! Can I help you?" Lucy asked, butting in.

"Oh no, don't you take her side!" Jo shouted. "He was NEVER like that when I was dating him! It's that little cutter's fault!"

"She's stopped and it's none of your fucking business Jo," Lucy said with a sugar sweet voice.

"Oh no she hasn't, just look at her arms," Jo hissed, noticing the color had drained from Katie's face. "That's right, I see those cuts! How fresh, hmm?"

"I think you should go, and DON'T make me call security," Lucy said. Jo stomped off like the diva she had become. Lucy waited until she was out of sight before she turned to Katie, who was crying.

"I-is she right? Did I break him?" Katie cried.

"Hell no, now show me your arms," She asked gently. Katie shakily rolled up her sleeves, taking off all her bracelets, revealing the gashes in her skin.

"Th-theres more farther up," Katie cried.

Lucy frowned. "What did you use?"

"Carlos' pocket knife," Katie sobbed. "P-p-please don't tell them Lucy! Carlos'll hate me!"

"No, he won't," Lucy said, looking up when Carlos came around the corner.

"Hey! guess who just won the bonus on the ticket blaster?" He asked smugly. He looked at the two girls and his smile faded instantly. "What's wrong?"

Katie took the knife out of her bag and handed it to Carlos, handing it to him. "K-K-Katie?" She threw herself on to him, sobbing. He wrapped his arms around her, breaking down into tears himself. "Why K? Why?"

"Y-y-you hated me for w-w-what I did this morning and I hated myself and I-I-I broke Kendall!" Katie sobbed. Carlos held her close, rocking her in his arms.

"Katie listen to me, I will never, EVER hate you, EVER," Carlos declared. "You could kiss girls, smoke weed, pole dance and I still wouldn't hate you. NOTHING can change that. Granted I'd be mad as hell at those choices, but I wouldn't hate you for making them." Katie looked up at him, mascara running and tears still in her eyes.

"P-pinkie promise?" Katie whimpered. Carlos offered her his pinkie. She shook it.

"Can I see how bad they are?" he asked. Katie slid the thin over shirt over her head, showing him the gashes that ran the whole length of her arm. Carlos started crying again. "Katie you can't do that again!"

"I-I won't I promise!" Katie sobbed into his chest. Carlos held her for a while before he had calmed down enough. "Alright, no more tears. Come on, we're going to go have some fun."

*052*2013-06-21 19:08

{{:

Aaaaaaaah so good ^^

In so glad I stopped to read this :D

I. Love your writing!!!

}}

I guess I have a fan. :P Kayleigh, you rock! :D

I'm uninspired on "My summer of love." :/ But hey! At least this one is rolling again! :D Although it may be really bad, I wrote it at two in the morning. :P LET'S FIND OUT SHALL WE??? :D

Episode 78: Dances with tickets

"Alright no more tears," Carlos said, pulling Katie back to look at her. "We're going to go have fun."

"H-how," She sniffled.

"You'll see," Carlos smiled. "Come on."

"C-can I at least put the shirt back on?" Katie asked softly. Carlos nodded and grabbed it for her. She slid it on quickly before taking Carlos' hand and let him lead her over to James.

"Hey guys!" James cheered, turning around.

"Hey, help us win another huge ribbon of tickets?" Carlos asked softly.

"Sure!" James smiled, noticing Katie hiding behind his friend. He figured if he needed to know he'd be told. Besides, he wanted to make Katie smile again. He worked the machine just right and got another five hundred. "And now, deal or no deal?" Katie giggled, following the two boys over to the game, the three of them winning another eight hundred tickets.

"Come on!" Carlos said, tugging Katie along.

"Ow, Carlos my wrist," Katie whined.

"Oh, sorry," He said, dropping a hold of it and slowing down.

"S'okay," Katie mumbled.

"Come on! We're gonna get you the biggest prize in here!" Carlos cheered, bouncing over to the counter. Katie decided on a jumbo Perry the Platypus that she thought would look awesome in the room.

"There you guys are!" Camille said when they walked back to the table, eyeing the giant toy wearily.

"Sorry, just having fun," Katie giggled. Camille smiled, grabbing a slice of pizza. They ate and talked happily the rest of the time.

"Oh by the way, Kendall sent you a little present," James finally said with a smirk, handing her a little box. Katie opened it, finding a bracelet with four tickets for Six Flags behind it. Tears of joy welled in her eyes, taking the bracelet in her hands. A beautiful golden chain with two little charms in the middle; both K's. Carlos smiled, helping her put it on.

"There, now you'll always have a piece of him," Carlos smiled. Katie sighed. The only thing that would make the moment absolutely perfect was if Kendall was there.

"How's he doing?" Katie asked suddenly.

"He's doing really good," James smiled. Katie beamed, leaning against Carlos with a small yawn. Camille giggled, whispering to Logan to bring the car around.

"Thanks," Katie whispered sleepily.

"For what?" Carlos asked, pulling her on to his lap.

"Everything," Katie smiled, falling asleep.

*054*2013-06-22 01:35

{{:

AWWWWWWWWWWW

WRITE MOARRRRR PLEASEEEEEEEE

I LOVE IIIITTTTT

}}

Oh trust me my friend, there will be TONS more. ;) Make sure you've read everything up to this point, cuz those backstories and events are gonna make the future sooo much better. ;D

*055*2013-06-22 03:18

OKAY! This is gonna be a goooood chapter! xD AND THIS IS WHERE THE PREVIOUS CHAPTERS ARE IMPORTANT. :P oh, and I have decided to put Jucy (Jo and Lucy) in this story. End of story. xD oh just read the story and quit listening to me. :P

Episode 79: Post-birthday pow-wow

"Thanks for everything," Katie smiled, falling asleep on Carlos' lap. He looked at the little girl and smiled, but it quickly faded. He couldn't have her. She was Kendall's girlfriend.

"I know that look," James whispered.

"I didn't mean to James," Carlos answered. "I swear I didn't. She's just... Well, she's amazing."

"She's a gem," James agreed. "Kinda crazy how the last couple of months have gone, huh?"

"Yeah," Carlos whispered. Camille noticed Logan had the car and signaled everyone to head out.

"Why was she so upset though?" James asked.

"She cut again, and diva pants (AHAHAHA! Sorry, I have a certain blonde girl in my life who I hate and I nicknamed her diva pants. :P Carry on.) convinced her she was the reason Kendall has bulimia and called her out on the cuts," Carlos explained.

"What the fuck is wrong with Jo?!" James growled as they got in the car. "Mama Knight told me that he's been doing it since he started dating JO. Katie made it stop for a while." Carlos shrugged, settling in for the hour-long car ride.

WHEN THEY REACHED THE PALMWOODS:

Carlos put Katie in bed before going downstairs to the kitchen to get food.

"Hey Carlos? Why was she crying?" Camille asked.

"Umm, she was just, uh-"

"Jo showed up and screwed with her head," Lucy said, looking at Carlos for permission to continue.

"Yeah, she was a complete bitch and told K that she broke Kendall," Carlos finished.

"God, why can she not just be a diva in her own little world and leave us the hell alone?!" Camille growled. "Katie didn't do anything!"

"Um, well...." Carlos chewed on his lip. "She... she relapsed again."

"WHAT?!" Camille shrieked.

"Chill Camille, she gave me the knife," Carlos said.

"How bad are her arms?" Logan asked.

"She wouldn't show me," Carlos fibbed. "Hey wait isn't Annie supposed to be home from clubbing soon?"

"Aw crap yeah I gotta go guys," Lucy said.

"I'll walk you down to the elevators," James said, standing up.

"Thanks," Lucy said with a small smile. She waved goodbye to everyone as she followed James out the door. "Hey, can I ask you something?"

"Shoot," James smiled.

"Why were Annie's sheets wet this morning?"

*057*2013-06-22 20:23

I'm too lazy to reread this chapter to figure out whether or not this needs a warning. so, on the side of caution, TRIGGER WARNING. And now let's torture characters because I'm upset, shall we? xD

Episode 80: Rocker girl meets bedwetting boy

"Why were Annie's sheets wet this morning?" Lucy asked. James stumbled in to a plant when he heard those words.

"Um, she was suuuper drunk when I brought her home last night," James lied, his red face giving him away.

"But her clothes weren't wet when we dragged her home," Lucy pointed out.

"Maybe she changed," James shrugged. "I mean it's not like I was the one who wet her bed. I'm nineteen!"

"Yeah, that's true," Lucy reasoned, that statement being all she needed to hear to confirm what she had originally thought. The elevator dinged then.

"You want me to come upstairs with you?" James asked.

"Nah, I'll be good," Lucy assured him. "But I'll call if I need anything though, okay?"

"Okay. Night Lucy," James said, waiting for the elevator doors to shut before losing it and stomping back to the apartment. How could he have said those things! She probably knew now and thought he was a baby. Why would she want to hang out with him? And that silly little crush he'd had on her since the day she moved in had no chance of blooming in to anything now! He stomped into the apartment and upstairs, anger still raging inside of him. He passed out in bed before he had even changed in to pajamas.

MEANWHILE DOWNSTAIRS.....

"Carlos, please, how bad was it?" Camille begged. "She's made a slip or two before when I wasn't careful enough."

"Camille this one was bad," Carlos started off.

"How bad?" She asked, tears already in her eyes.

"Carlos?" Katie mumbled from behind them. Everyone looked up at her.

"Katie, can you come here please?" Logan asked gently. "I think we need to talk."

*060*2013-06-23 19:13

Okay, THIS is the one that get's the warning. so TRIGGER WARNING. This is also a very interesting chapter.... starts setting up for most of the rest of the story for James. :P And I know it's gonna be really weird once we get into it, BUT IT'S MY STORY SO IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT DON'T READ! :P

Episode 81: Slash.

"Katie, I think we need to talk," Logan said gently. Katie nodded, slipping into the spot next to Carlos.

"What's up?" She asked.

"Can I see your arms please?" Logan asked gently. Katie shook her head.

"Come on K, they need to know," Carlos whispered.

"They'll yell at me," Katie whimpered.

"No we won't," Logan promised. "We just wanna help you Katie." Katie nodded, pulling herself off of Carlos and taking off the shirt she had over her tank top, revealing her arms. A look of pain crossed Logan's face, Camille simply sobbing. Katie buried herself in Carlos' shirt again. "Oh K..."

"I'm sorry! I'm so so so sorry!" Katie sobbed, thinking she was in trouble.

"Katie, it's okay," Logan said, sitting next to her. "No one is gonna hurt you. I promise. We just wanna help."

Katie nodded, letting Logan look at her arm again and bandage it up.

"There, all better," Logan cooed when he finished. Katie nodded, snuggling against Carlos. "But promise me you won't do that again."

"I-I-I won't," Katie mumbled sleepily. She closed her eyes. She felt Carlos carry her to bed, where she completely conked out.

THE NEXT MORNING.

James woke up late, finding himself in an empty room. He was still a little foggy, and didn't realize he had wet the bed again. He came downstairs still in wet jeans since he hadn't changed into pajams before bed. Katie saw him and stood in front of him.

"James," She said, trying to get his attention. "You're wet."

He snapped back into it then, blushing. "How the hell did I not realize that?" He whispered.

"I don't know, just come on," Katie said, leading him back upstairs to their room.

"I-I'm sorry," James said, blushing.

"James it's not the end of the world," Katie said softly, handing him some clothes, jumping at his warm skin. "You feel okay?"

"Yeah, fine," James said, going to the bathroom to clean up. Katie watched him before she turned to the sheets. She knew that wasn't true, and she had a feeling something very bad was gonna happen really soon.

*061*2013-06-24 00:31

Well the program I use to write this story in has successfully pissed me off! :P ANYWAYS. I need your help with something! oh, and SPOILER ALERT HERE. So I'm a few chapters ahead in writing this from where I am on here with posting. BUT. I am almost at a point where I explain to Lucy and Carlos how I ended up living with Camille. The thing is though, I don't know if I should spend one possibly two chapters on that, or just give a general statement with little detail. And so, who better to help me decide than the people who are gonna read it? :D So lemme know: a whole chapter of backstory, or just timeskip? :) AND NOW FOR A STORY SINCE YOU READ ALL OF THIS:

Chapter 81: Blue

Katie waited patiently at the top of the stairs for James to emerge, sighing in relief when he did. “Wanna go down to the pool?” She asked.

“Sure, lemme go change,” James slurred with a smile. Katie sighed, hoping the water would help him cool off. She nodded and grabbed a thin long sleeved shirt to pull over her tank top so no one would see her arm. James arrived then and they went down to the pool. Katie had to steady James quite a bit before she got him in to a chair.

“Take your shirt off, it’ll help you cool down,” she whispered. James nodded, fumbling with getting it over his head. Katie was getting worried and texted Lucy to come help.

“You’re sweating,” James noted. “Take your shirt off.” His words were growing increasingly slurred. Katie nodded, standing up to take her shirt off, once again wetting off the Jennifer’s.

“Oh look who it is, little miss freak,” Blonde Jennifer snapped. “What happened to your arm?”

“None of your damn business bitch!” Katie snapped, COMPLETELY not in the mood.

“Oh really? Seems pretty bad if your whole arm is wrapped up,” Curly haired Jennifer said. “Why don’t you go wash it up?”

“Are you seriously going to AH!” And they shoved her in the pool again. In that moment James passed out right as Lucy arrived.

“James! JAMES WAKE UP!” She shouted. Katie climbed out of the water and took in what was happening.

“FUCK CALL 911!” She shouted, shoving Lucy out of the way. Instincts took over as she checked James’ breathing; it was hardly there. She began CPR, everyone staring.

“Come on James, you can do this, you have to do this,” She whispered to him in tears. Carlos saw everything from the window of the apartment and gathered up a bag before running down. James was already on a stretcher and on his way to the hospital.

“I’ll meet you guys there!” Lucy shouted, going with the EMT’s.

“Come on, you can change when we get there,” Carlos said, tossing Katie a towel. She didn’t even bother drying off, racing to the car with Carlos, shaking and hoping James would still be there when she got to the hospital.

*063*2013-06-25 01:06

Let's not keep KayLeigh waiting any longer, shall we? :P AND TO CLARIFY: last chapter WAS 82, but thanks to stupid programs being stupid I had to retype it and stuff so yeah, here we goo! :D

Episode 83: Red white and done

"Katie he's gonna be okay," Carlos said, rewrapping her arm with some gauze the nurse at the front desk had given him.

"B-b-but what if he isn't Carlos?" Katie sobbed, both from fear and her arm still hurting.

"He will," Carlos answered. "You started CPR, and that has to count for something, right?"

"Y-yeah," Katie said, burying her face in Carlos' chest. Lucy was sitting on his other side, shaking from fear. She was completely freaked out and just as scared.

"Party for James Diamond?" The doctor suddenly called. Lucy ran over to him.

"Is he okay?!" She asked, almost in tears, Katie was already in tears, Carlos just as panicked, but trying to keep the girls under control.

"What's wrong with James?" Carlos asked.

"Has he been drinking more than usual?" The doctor asked calmly.

"Yeah," Carlos answered.

"And has he been urinating more frequently?"

"Yeah he's wet the bed almost every night since he started the drinking thing, a-and he's been losing weight," Katie said, realizing then what had been going on.

"James has type 1 diabetes and has gone into a diabetic coma, and developed severe ketoacidosis," The doctor explained. "You were very smart to begin CPR young lady, that saved his life."

"R-really?" Katie asked.

"Can we see him yet?" Carlos asked.

The doctor nodded his head and walked them back to James' room. "We're waiting for a bed to open up in GI, but until then, make yourselves comfortable." and with that, he left. The three of them filed in to the room, Lucy curling up against James' body and crying softly. Katie sat on the sofa next to his bed, shaking and unable to think clearly. She'd saved his life? She was just a simple person.

"Aw crap I gotta go," Lucy sniffled. "I'll be back tonight, text me if anything happens, okay?"

"Yeah, we will," Carlos said, wrapping his arms around Katie. He knew this was gonna be a loooong day and night.

*065*2013-06-25 15:53

I feel as though the last chapter disappointed in some way. :( I admit these probably weren't the best ideas, but I came up with them during a REALLY dark period in my life and I'm too lazy to go back and change it because if we get through NOW it will help with things LATER, so just bear with me. Actually you can keep reading or wait until I get to chapter 87, but I'd really like it if you kept reading! :) Oh hell the next three chapters- well, I'm not gonna waste MORE time talking up here, and to conserve update/sucky chapter time, MULTIPLE CHAPTERS IN THIS UPDATE!!! :grin:

Episode 84: GI go

When four o'clock finally rolled around, James was in a room and Carlos had left to go get things for the night, removing all sharp objects from the room and telling the nurse to keep an eye on Katie, who just sat and watched James.

"James you've gotta come out of this bud," She whispered, curled up against his limp, sleeping body. "You're the big brother I didn't have. The brother I've been missing. You're my brother. Carlos is right, you guys are the family I haven't had for so long. And if I lose my brother, what am I gonna do?"

"Katie, you doing alright?" The nurse suddenly asked.

"Yeah, fine Mary," Katie whimpered. She nodded, checking James' vitals again; heart rate, temperature, blood pressure.

"He's doing better, the doctor'll be here in half an hour to check his blood sugar," nurse Mary said. "Do you mind showing me your arms?" Katie nodded, unwrapping the bandage. "Let it air for a while, it's gonna get an infection if you keep it wrapped up."

"Thanks," Katie mumbled. "Do you think he'll be up soon?"

"Depends on his blood sugar," Mary said. "I've got to go, come find me if you need something, okay?" Katie nodded, curling back up against James. Mary left, leaving Katie to her own devices. She pulled out her phone, and started the song Kendall had made for her, falling asleep until her phone started ringing.

"Hello?" Katie answered.

"What the hell is going on?!" Logan shouted.

Episode 85: Flash

"What the hell is going on?!" Logan shouted in panic.

"Logan calm down I'm still really scared!" Katie cried, leaving the room and sobbing. "I'm at the hospital with James!"

"What.... what the hell is going on?" Logan asked, much more calm.

"We went to the pool this morning and he passed out and he's got diabetes and he's in a coma and he hasn't woken up!!" Katie said, sobbing uncontrollably at this point.

"Shh, I'm sorry for yelling K," Logan said. "Are you there by yourself?"

"Y-yeah, Carlos said he was gonna go get some stuff from the apartment," Katie sniffled. "Is Camille there?"

"Yeah, right here kiddo," she said. "Whatchya need?"

"Sissy I'm scared! I don't know what to do!" Katie said, starting to sob again.

"Shh, breathe Katie, Breathe. Carlos just left, and we're gonna come down too, okay?"

"O-okay sissy," Katie whimpered.

"Do you need me to bring anything with me?" Camille asked.

"Perry?" Katie sniffled.

"Got it," Camille said, grabbing the stuffed toy. "We'll be there in about thirty minutes, are you gonna be okay?"

"Y-yeah, the nurse is keeping an eye on me," Katie mumbled.

"Alright, we're coming, just hang tight, okay?" Camille said.

"Ok, love you sissy," Katie sniffled.

"Love you too Kiddo," Camille said, before she hung up. Katie looked at her phone for a few minutes before a voice called to her.

"Excuse me miss?"

Episode 86: Brownie bites for thought.

"Excuse me miss?" A voice said from above Katie. She looked up to see a man with a stethoscope around his neck. "Are you okay?"

"Y-yeah," Katie said, standing up and wiping her eyes. "Are you the doctor?"

"Yes ma'am, are you James' sister?" He asked.

"K-kinda," Katie said, following the man in to James' room. "You here to check his blood sugar?"

"Yep," Doc said. "They told me you had started CPR on him once he passed out. That was very smart and brave."

"I just acted on instincts," Katie mumbled. "I don't feel like this big brave hero everyone keeps telling me I am."

"It's okay if you don't feel like one," The doctor said. "Just know that you are. And it looks like James' blood sugar is almost down to five hundred. he should be waking up soon."

"O-okay," Katie mumbled, tears back in her eyes.

"Trust me miss, he'll be just fine," The doctor said. "I'll be back in the morning." Katie nodded, curling back up against James. She got a text then; It was from Carlos.

Grabbing dinner and starbucks, want anything? He asked.

Yeah, nuggets with ranch? Katie asked

Got it, anything from Sbux?

Soy cinnamon dolce latte iced please

Got it be there soon Carlos said. Katie set her phone down before it started ringing.

"What?" She grumbled at the person on the other line.

"Um, it's just me," Lucy said. "Annie is getting her stomach pumped and my aunt is here with her, so I thought I'd leave them to figure things out and come up."

"Oh, okay then," Katie said, telling her where the room was.

Lucy was up in a matter of minutes. "Any change?" She asked.

Katie shrugged. "His blood sugar is down to five hundred," she mumbled. Lucy nodded, Curling up on the other side of James.

"So... how long has he been wetting the bed?"

Episode 87: Bio.

"So how long has he been wetting the bed?" Lucy asked.

"How did you find out?" Katie asked.

"He kinda inadvertently told me last night," Lucy explained. "He denied everything when I asked why Annie's sheets were wet."

"Oh. It's been happening for a couple of weeks now," Katie answered. "How is Annie?"

"She's getting her stomach pumped and then she's going back home with my aunt to discuss where she is going to rehab," Lucy grumbled. "I don't hate her, we used to be really good friends."

"What happened?" Katie asked.

"Well, My aunt and her husband divorced when Annie was thirteen, and her friend's sister gave her a beer. She got drunk, forgot all her problems, and got hooked," Lucy sighed. "My aunt sent her to me to try and straighten her out, but you can see how well THAT'S gone. What about you and Camille? Have you always gotten along?"

"Hey Lucy!" Carlos said from the door, Camille and Logan following behind him. "Any change?"

"No, just lower blood sugar," Katie mumbled, sitting up. "So how'd it go with the adoptive parents Sissy?"

"Really well," Camille answered evenly. "I think they're the right fit for Junior here."

"Good," Katie said, smiling weakly. Carlos handed Katie her food, everyone watching her idly to make sure she ate.

"Here," Carlos said once she was finished. "I got you something." Katie hesitantly opened the little bag from Starbucks, smiling at what was inside; a brownie, the very first thing Camille ever made for her.

"Katie, you never did answer my question," Lucy said softly. "Have you and Camille always gotten along?" Katie looked up at Lucy.

"We.... We're not actually blood relatives," Katie answered. "It's... it's kind of a long story."

"I have time," Lucy said.

"Well...."

*067*2013-06-28 18:19

AW CRUD! Alright I'm re-posting Chapter 87. :)

Episode 87: Bio.

"So how long has he been wetting the bed?" Lucy asked.

"How did you find out?" Katie asked.

"He kinda inadvertently told me last night," Lucy explained. "He denied everything when I asked why Annie's sheets were wet."

"Oh. It's been happening for a couple of weeks now," Katie answered. "How is Annie?"

"She's getting her stomach pumped and then she's going back home with my aunt to discuss where she is going to rehab," Lucy grumbled. "I don't hate her, we used to be really good friends."

"What happened?" Katie asked.

"Well, My aunt and her husband divorced when Annie was thirteen, and her friend's sister gave her a beer. She got drunk, forgot all her problems, and got hooked," Lucy sighed. "My aunt sent her to me to try and straighten her out, but you can see how well THAT'S gone. What about you and Camille? Have you always gotten along?"

"Hey Lucy!" Carlos said from the door, Camille and Logan following behind him. "Any change?"

"No, just lower blood sugar," Katie mumbled, sitting up. "So how'd it go with the adoptive parents Sissy?"

"Really well," Camille answered evenly. "I think they're the right fit for Junior here."

"Good," Katie said, smiling weakly. Carlos handed Katie her food, everyone watching her idly to make sure she ate. Camille and logan left shortly after she finished eating.

"Take care of yourself, okay?" Camille asked Katie.

"I will," she answered. "We'll call you if anything happens. I love you Sissy."

"Love you too Kiddo," She said. She took Logan's hand and they left

"Here," Carlos said once Katie was finished. "I got you something." Katie hesitantly opened the little bag from Starbucks, smiling at what was inside; a brownie, the very first thing Camille ever made for her.

"Katie, you never did answer my question," Lucy said softly. "Have you and Camille always gotten along?" Katie looked up at Lucy.

"We.... We're not actually blood relatives," Katie answered. "It's... it's kind of a long story."

"I have time," Lucy said.

"Well...."

*068*2013-06-29 00:57

AND NOW FOR WHAT MAY BE ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT CHAPTERS THUS FAR IN THIS STORY! :D

Episode 88: We all fall down.

KATIE'S POV:

"Well..." I closed my eyes, and everything came back. I didn't even realize I was running away until Carlos grabbed me.

"Katie, Katie calm down, come back to me," He whispered, physically restraining me. I opened my eyes to see two nurses looking at me, but I shook my head, crying hysterically. "Katie you gotta settle down or they're gonna sedate you." I started to take deep breaths.

"That's it K, breathe," Carlos murmured. "What happened? Why did you run off?"

"M-m-my m-m-mom!" I sobbed.

"Shh, she's not here and she'll never get to you," he whispered. "What did she do?

"H-hit me, told me to get out," I sobbed. "S-she never wants me again, cuz of my fetish! She hates me!" Carlos rocked me gently while Lucy turned on the song Kendall made me. I instantly relaxed at the sound of his voice, and I quickly settled down. "S-sorry."

"Nah, it's alright K," Carlos murmured.

"I didn't mean to bring all that back," Lucy said. "I'm sorry."

"No don't be," I whispered. "It normally doesn't go like that... normally I close my eyes and I go straight past my mom..."

"Where do you go?" Carlos asked. I spent the next hour explaining how I ended up in LA: From when my mom kicked me out to when I almost died and Camille took me in, not noticing when James opened his eyes....

END KATIE'S POV

"Wow, I had no idea," Lucy said.

"Me either," James rasped from the bed. Everyone looked up, and the tears started to flow again, but this time out of joy; James was going to be okay.

*070*2013-06-30 06:44

So I GOT TO HUG KENDALL TODAY AND HE SAID I GIVE GOOD HUGS! :D His word is law. so there. :P Just read the story xD

Episode 89: Good vs. Baby

"JAMES!" Lucy shouted, throwing herself on to him. "James Matthew Diamond I have never been so scared in my life for a boy!" She sobbed in to his chest. "I thought I was gonna lose you."

"I'm James Diamond, I don't go down without a fight," James chuckled weakly, looking around. "Why am I at the hospital?"

"Y-y-you passed out, and almost stopped breathing," Katie hiccupped. "I did CPR, and you're here cuz you have diabetes."

"What? I'm not diabetic!" James argued weakly.

"Yes, unfortunately you are," The doctor at the door said. "I'm the doctor on call for tonight, I'm just here to check your blood sugar." Everyone sat silent, feeling awkward as James' finger was pricked for the fifth time that day. "You're going back up."

"Well his IV is almost empty, doesn't it have the insulin in it?" Katie asked softly. Everyone looked at her.

"Actually yes, she's right," One of the medical students said. "I'll get his nurse."

"She'll be in to check your vitals shortly," The doctor said, adding, "Nice job Miss. You know your stuff," before leaving. Everyone stared at Katie.

"Before I got kicked out my brother spent a lot of time in the hospital," She mumbled with a yawn.

"Alright, bed time," Carlos declared, laying down with Katie, pulling a blanket over them and falling asleep. James looked at Lucy, who was still curled up against him.

"Can I tell you something?" Lucy asked.

"Anything," James said, flashing his perfect smile.

"I've kind of had a crush on you for the longest time," She said.

"Hmm, funny, the same thing has been happening to me," James chuckled. "So what do you think we should do about it, hmm?"

"Hm, well I'd LIKE to go on a date with you if you'd like," Lucy giggled. "But I think this whole 'in the hospital' thing might be a bit of a problem."

"Mmm, well how about a rain check?" James suggested. "I know the PERFECT first date, but you gotta wait for me to get out of here, okay?"

"I'd wait till the end of time," Lucy yawned. "Can I sleep with you tonight? I don't think I could fit on the couch."

*072*2013-07-01 03:45

I should be either A: Asleep (Yay for three hours of sleep thanks to post-concer rush!) or B: Writing about that concert. But instead I decided I'd update this story so many people seem to love. :)

Episode 90: Wakey wakey might have a baby! :P

"Can I sleep here tonight? I don't really think I'd fit on the couch," Lucy joked. James bit his lip; what if he wet the bed again? Wetting the bed in front of Lucy's alcoholic cousin was one thing. But wetting the bed with Lucy in it was something COMPLETELY different. What if she laughed at him? or got mad? Or thought he was a baby? She'd never love him if she found out.

"James?" Lucy said, bringing him back to reality. "I can go home if you want."

"No!" James said instantly. "I mean, yeah, you can sleep with me tonight. Why would I have a problem with that?"

"I dunno, why would you?" Lucy asked, knowing perfectly well what he was afraid of.

"I wouldn't have a problem with it," James said, his nurse walking in then.

"Hi, I'm Amy, I'm just here to get your vitals and change out the IV," She said sweetly. Lucy and James remained quiet as the nurse did her work.

"James, I don't care if it happens," Lucy said once the nurse was gone. "The doctor said it was only because your blood sugar was so high."

"Can we please just go to sleep?" James mumbled, bright red from embarrassment.

Lucy nodded. "Wake me if you need anything," She mumbled, nuzzling close to James. He laid in bed, thinking about how just this morning, he was at the pool with Katie. And now he was in the hospital, diagnosed a diabetic, and if he fell asleep, he'd wet the bed in front of his almost-girlfriend. But soon enough he DID fall asleep.

2 IN THE MORNING:

"NO WE'RE NOT! GONNA WORK! THIS OUT TONIIIGHT!" Katie's phone yelled out, waking her and Carlos up.

"Why does your phone always do that?" Carlos groaned.

"Logan are you aware it is two o'clock in the God damn morning?!" Katie hissed.

"Yes, and I'm also aware Camille is two floors down from you having consistent contractions," Logan said. "And she wants you."

"Alright, where do I go?" Katie said, sliding her shoes on.

"Down to floor three, head to the maternity ward, and I'll be there waiting, okay?"

"Alright," Katie said, hanging up.

"What's going on?" Carlos asked.

"Camille might be in labor," Katie said.

*074*2013-07-01 19:33

{{:

O: O: O:

Camille's in labour?

And what if james wets the bed with lucy in it? hehehe...

}}

How cruel would fate be if James DID wet the bed with Lucy there? ;)

