Wetting - the third part of the story

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2018-01-27 16:46

AT TEACHER'S HOUSE

When finally I decided to ask my teacher, probably she will let me go to the bathroom since is her house not the school, i wasn't sure about it. So I raised my hand and asked Her:

Me: excuse me, miss!

Her: yes?

Me: can i ask you something?

Her: sure, what's the problem?

Me: can I use the bathroom?

Her: I'm sorry but you can't!

Me: please,miss! I can't hold it any longer!

Her: you don't go anywhere until you finish the exercise. Cause I need that exercise solved for today when I will go to my class.

OK. It looks like I was wrong. She doesn't let anyone to pee even at her house, that means i'm so unlucky. So i stayed there in my seat for the last remaining minutes, desperate for a wee. I tried to hold my crotch as much as I can in order to avoid an accident, I was sweating a lot, I was almost tearing because I couldn't take this torture anymore. The teacher was waiting for me to finish the exercise. But how i was supposed to do something if i was "tortured" by my urge to pee. 15 minutes left.

After that, I tried to squeeze my penis very tightly but it was worse than before. I asked her again to let me go before it's too late but again her answer was still no. Suddenly, i felt that i started to sit in a puddle, then I noticed I peed my trackpants again. I peed the same pants in two days in a row. I could feel my urine soaking my legs and also the temperature of the urine - it was very warm. I began to fear. The teacher came in the room and saw my accident. She saw i pissed myself and felt sorry about Me:

Her: you really had to go, don't you? I'm very sorry. I didn't expect that this is gonna happen!

Me: it's ok (silently)

Her: just let me take to the bathroom and bring you some clothes, ok?

Me: OK, thaks. But can i take a shower first?

Her: sure, why not?

She closed the door and let me to take a shower firstly, and then i can put the new clothes on me. I was rubbing my private parts and my legs in order to get rid of the bad smell. I stayed there for 25 minutes until I finished washing my body and the next step was to get dressed in the clothes that the teacher gave me before, and put my soaked trackpants in a bag. When i exit the bathroom, she called to have a little conversation before I can go home. She talked about herself and about her family and she said she has a husband and a 6 year old daughter.

Then she said sorry again about my pee accident and told me to wait cause she had something for me. Probably because she made me peeing myself, she wanted to give me something just to apologize her. She had two slices of apple pie and an orange juice. To be honest, the gift was good and I liked what i received. I know she was still kind and sweet to me even though she made me staying in that chair ''suffering''. She took me to the exit and i headed to my house after she wished me : ''take care". As i said, i really liked the gift. It was so sweet for her to give me this, but isn't enough for me. I wanted to see her pissing herself too, so we can be even. Don't worry it isn't over yet!

TO BE CONTINUED!!!

Did you like my stories from now?

