My Life as a Teenage Bed Wetter

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-09-03 14:40

A/N - Some people have been asking me if I've ever written anything original. The answer to that is yes, a long time ago. (I've just recently been writing again since Oct, and I started writing fanfics to get back in the habit of writing, but I do want to write something original.) Be warned I was 16 when I wrote this...it oozes with 16 year old...ness. If anyone actually likes this, I can break it out and work on it.

Chapter One: Katie Vs. the Menopausal Mother

Okay it all takes place in a town called Camarillo, California. It’s where all the rich, white kids live, excluding me, the rich part anyway; I’ve got plenty of white to go around.

I wake up to that annoying buzzing sound of my alarm clock, and of course the first thing I do is hit the snooze button, roll over, and go back to sleep. Then my mom comes in and yells at me to get my lazy butt out of bed because I’m going to make her late for work. And it’s not like she even drives me to school, no she makes me walk all the way there in the freezing cold. But, like most middle-aged women, she does not understand this concept of the word “cold” due to her persistent hot flashes.

Oh God, I’ll be so glad when this whole menopause thing will be over with, then I’ll finally be able to ride in the car in 40 degree weather with the heater on like most people instead of the AC.

My mom pops her head back in. “Why are there bottles of air fresheners in your dresser?”

I look over, and to my horror, I left my personal drawer open. Thank God I didn’t have a nightmare last night. I jump up and close it, which causes her to raise an eyebrow in my direction.

“What? You’re the one always complaining that my room smells.”

“You're right. Besides to get that stale teenager smell out, you’re going to need a lot more then that; your room still stinks. It’s probably permanently saturated in the walls. I feel terrible for the next person who has to live in here.”

I throw my pillow at her, which in turn, she thankfully gets the picture and leaves.

I drag my butt out of bed… eventually, and crept through my room into the bathroom.

After all that typical morning stuff, I stumble out, wet haired and groggy, over to my closet, while stepping over all of the clothes strewn about the floor, and open it up exhibiting my Goodwill collection of attire.

I comb through them for a split second, and examine my choices, which included: T-shirt and jeans, T-shirt and jeans, and another couple pairs of T-shirts and jeans. I quickly select a pair, it being an easy choice considering everything else currently residing on the floor, threw it on, and began the perilous journey of looking for that missing shoe. And what do you know, it was right where I left it, right under my bed along with a stapler, a Frisbee, three miss-matched socks, and of course hidden food wrappers from all those snuck up snacks from the kitchen.

I get up, drop my black and orange Vans shoe onto the ground and stick my foot in. I stand up and examine my room, making sure I haven’t forgotten anything.

My room looks like the typical teenage room, except it looks more like a guy’s room then anything. There’s a bunch of rock band posters pinned up on the walls, a floor (if you can find it) a computer sitting on a desk, (if you can find it) and a night table (something also to be on the lookout for).

Then there’s the overflowing bookcase next to my twin size bed, which is slightly raised to accommodate a good material hiding possession place. You know, those things you have that you don’t want parents to see? What better place then to hide it under the bed? It’s so obvious, parents would think you’re smarter then that and snoop around somewhere else, when in reality, it’s in that detectable place all along and un-discovered.

I take full advantage of this hiding place whenever possible. Oops, did I say that? I mean,

“Cough”…I have nothing to hide…*shifty eyes*

Alright, moving on, I finally wobble downstairs with my unfinished math homework from the night before tucked under my arm as to hide it from my mom. You know how moms get with that sort of thing, especially divorced, menopausal moms.

So while she’s in the other room I quickly jot down answers while she isn’t looking. C’mon, it’s algebra, who cares? Obviously she does since she caught me and we are yet again having this conversation. A loud, angry conversation I might add. We’ve had it so many times I think I’ve memorized it.

It usually goes a little something like this:

“Katie not again!” bellows my mom. “We’ve talked about this before!”

I watch nervously from behind my bowl of Lucky Charms as my mom paces the kitchen thinking of something to say.

I quickly begin to space out as she goes into her routine speech about how I need to be more like my brother. No thank-you. Thankfully Alex, my “should be role model” of a brother has already left for work. This gives me a computer talk free morning.

Sadly though, not everything can go my way. There’s now the fact that there is nothing to keep my mother from pestering me all morning. Not even a Hershey bar, which reminds me, I need to go to the store and stock up, because around here a bar of chocolate is like a get out of jail free card for when my mother’s in one of her moods.

I once went into Alex’s room to get a pencil and found a whole stash of them in a drawer. Being that he is male, I could only assume they’re for me and my mom.

When I asked him about it, he said it was to tame the monster of PMS.

“Katie! Are you even listening to me?” God I wish I didn’t eat all of Alex’s stash.

“Yeah mom, I’m sorry” I say in one of those “I’m-so-sorry-I’ll-never-do-it-again” tones.

I attempt to concentrate on something else. If my mom asks why I’m not paying attention, I’ll tell the orange juice told me to concentrate on it instead.

I cautiously get up from the table as I watch her go into the next room to grab her stuff for work.

“Bye mom, I’m going to school.” I say as I grab my ten pound backpack and bolt out the front door before she has a chance to reply.

Yes! Freedom is only a couple blocks away.

I drift off to school trusting my feet to get me there, for my mind was so obviously else where.

Thinking always makes a walk go by faster. Not like I was in a hurry to get to school, but only for the meager time I get to spend with my friends before setting off to prison.

When I arrive I immediately seek out my friend Allison, who is always by her locker that faces the secluded back of the school. This is also what we refer to as “make-out alley" because there is a long secluded stretch of lockers that is more hidden away from the rest of the school, and more preferably from all of the teachers.

Ewe, I know what your thinking you pervert. We don’t go over there to make-out. We only hang out there because it is the only part of the school where we can actually hear each other without screaming.

Another reason being all of the other people around here are too “busy” to care what we are doing. So we get to goof off as much as we want.

Every time I go to meet her there I always try and sneak up to see if I can scare her. I never can.

“Trying to catch me again I see.” said Allison with a sigh as she took out her earphones. “Give it up, Katie, you can never scare me more that that does" she said pointing over her shoulder to a couple swapping tongues and gum.”

Okay, I have to admit, not even I could find that attractive.

“Aright, I’ll admit that that one is a little on the nauseating side.” I said as I tried my hardest to keep down my cereal.

“That’s because they all are.”

“If you got a boyfriend who would do that with you, I’m sure you wouldn’t be complaining then.”

She just rolls her eyes at me and says “You disgust me, let’s please just change the subject.” She can be such a pain in the butt sometimes.

“Fine, what do you want to talk about?” I say as I slump to the ground with my half “finished” math homework and a pencil and I occasionally fill in an answer.

“I don’t know.” Al says as she dials in her locker combination. I see her pull something out as she openly gapes at it. She can stand there with her mouth open all she wants, but it got me onto my feet faster then you can say “chocolate”. Which was what it was; a small box of chocolate.

“Whoa, where’d you get those?” I ask eyeing it.

“I don’t know. They were in my locker.” She says, still staring dumbfounded at the heart shaped box in her hand.

“Is there a card or something?” She flips it over to reveal a small sticky note attached on the back.

To: Allison Wallts

From: A Lost Love

I know love can be exhausting, but let me take your breath away.

“What the hell?” I say staring down at the sticky note. “Who writes that on a box of chocolate? I mean, writing I love you more then a fat kid loves cake would be more romantic then THAT.

“I’m just curious who they came from.” Al says as she continues to examine the box and note.

“The more important question right now is: are you going to open it?” I ask, begging her with my eyes.

She ignores my question and continues to mutter to herself, “Isn’t it a little early for valentines, it’s still January.”

“Now isn’t the time to play Nancy Drew, open it already. We’ll figure out where it comes from later.”

“No. You’ll eat them all. Besides, someone might like me.” she says, a smile growing on her face at the thought.

“Great. Now will you please open them? You’re killing me” I beg.

“You’ll live.” She says as she tears the plastic off, opens the lid and throws one in her mouth. “MMM caramel.” she says to tease me.

“What? Are you going to make me beg?”

“It’s so chewy and chocolaty!” she continues. I’ll take that as a yes. I scrunch up my face and stick out my hand.“Don’t give me that look! It’s not going to work.” I scrunch up my face some more and look sad.“Arrgh. Fine.” She says and sticks out the box in my direction. I grab a lumpy one, hoping for nuts and stick it in my mouth.

“I wonder who likes you.” I say through a mouth full of candy.

“I don’t know, if anybody. Maybe it’s that quiet guy that sits across from me in World History; I’ve caught him staring at me a few times, but I’m pretty sure it was the answers on my test instead that interested him.”

“Maybe.” I shrug holding out my hand for another piece. She must be really lost in thought; she actually gave me another one without teasing me or objecting. A rare, beautiful moment which I plan on taking full advantage of.

I toss the whole thing into my mouth and bite down; a bitterness springing into my mouth.

“What’s with the face? You eat coconut or something?”

I swallow it down with difficulty; my first mistake.

“No.” I say scraping my tongue with my finger, making an attempt to get the taste out of my mouth. “I think I got a stale one. Whoever he is, he’s a loser. He doesn’t even have enough class to get you a fresh box. Tasted like it’s been sitting in there since last Valentines Day.”

“Weird. Mine tasted fine.” She says, looking back down at the box. “Wait. You just want me to give you another one so you can “get the taste out of your mouth.” If you thought it was that gross, you wouldn’t have swallowed it.”

“Sounds like something I’d do, but really, it tasted funky.”

“Sure, whatever.” She says as she closes the box and stuffs them back in her locker. She closes her door and then freezes.

“What?” I ask as she furrows her eyebrows.

“How did it get in my locker?” she asks, staring at it.

“I don’t know. Maybe it was from someone who previously had this locker. Ooh. An older guy possibly.” I say. “It’s not like we can trust the school to change the combination.” She seems to lighten up at this.

“Well I got to go.” I say as the bell goes off. “I’ll see you at lunch.” I pick up my back pack, and un-finished math homework and walk over to Biology.

I immediately loose interest as the teacher drones on about ameba. I pull out my cell phone and text Jaclyn as I attempt to hide it in the pocket of my jacket.

“What’s up?” I ask, punching in the digits on the keypad.

“I’m in Econ. You?” she responds.

Stupid me forgot to put it on silent mode, so I’m just sitting there pretending to be interested in the life cycles of bacteria when my cell phone rings and the classroom is filled with the sounds of Skillet. Then there’s the usual spin of heads that follows to see who was stupid enough to text during class and forget to turn off the ringer.

I quickly turn around in my seat and pretend to be looking too. I finally manage to slip my hand in my pocket and turn my cell phone off.

I try not to look embarrassed and focus on the teacher’s lecture about keeping your cell phone turned off during class.

It’s not like anyone listens to that, if you look under all the desks, there is usually a cell phone in half of the kids’ hands, I mean who seriously smiles at their crotch?

My lab partner, an awkwardly skinny boy with sandy hair and freckles, leans over and whispers

“Smooth one” in my ear as I begin to turn a bright shade of pink and sink down lower into the floor, willing for it to open up and swallow me in. But of course, to my displeasure, it doesn’t, so I’m forced to stick around and hope Mr. Lenard, the Biology teacher, doesn’t catch on as to why my face is a brighter shade of pink then his tie. Yes, he wears a pink tie, scary huh?

What happened in BED? (World History, we all call it that because we never can seem to stay awake). I have no idea, like always, I was asleep. The poor Ottoman Empire will have to be defeated without me.

Then of course there’s Algebra. We go through the usual routine, I hand in un-finished homework , get chewed out, turn my cell phone back on, get chewed out some more, get cell phone taken away, then go to sleep.

I know I need to be paying attention to this and all, but I’ve got more important issues to waste thought on. Like, how am I not going to get chewed out by my mom when I get home?

Besides there’s a bigger problem (even bigger than my menopausal mom, or the fact that my biology teacher wears pink) I need to focus on. I’ve been having nightmares. I know that doesn’t seem like a big deal, but lucky for me, it is. The side effects from them are. I’m not going to go any further than that.

Yes! Finally the lunch bell rings. I jump up to leave.

“Katie, can I have a word with you?” I look over to see Mr. Brockson, my math teacher, leaning over his desk with some papers in his hand. “I need your parents to sign these.” He hands me back my recent quizzes that I, of course, failed. “I want them on my desk when class starts tomorrow.”

I want to tell him I won’t be here tomorrow, on the account that my mom is going to kill me.

Ch Two: Katie Vs Assyla (Round One)

I’m so thirsty, I think I'd sell my soul for something to drink right now...well maybe not my soul...maybe the kid standing next to me- No, wait, he's a ginger too, he doesn't have one either. That makes two of us. Just as well though. I should really lay off the liquids.

I grab a plate of their mutant looking…… I don’t even know what it is. I look over at the beverage stand with longing and walk past to our table.

“Hey, what took you so long?” asks Allison.

“Hey, Al, sorry got held up by my math teacher.” My eyes fixate over onto her Mountain Dew sitting beside her tray un-opened. She notices and pulls it away. Then opens it and drinks in tauntingly in front of me, exaggerating ever gesture to tease me. What are friends for?

“What’s wrong, they run out or something?” Jaclyn asks poking the mysterious looking cafeteria food with her plastic fork.

“Yeah.” I try to say all casually as if it was no big deal.

“Well, it looks like they re-stocked.” She says as she points over to the beverage stand at the pyramid of Mountain Dew cans.

“Great, so you can go buy your own and stop starring at mine.” says Al as she joins in on poking the food on her tray. I swear one day, it’s going to fight back.

“So, did you tell Jaclyn about your little locker surprise this morning?” I ask in an attempt to change the subject. I glance over in Al’s direction as she turns a slight pink color, keeping her head pointed down at her tray.

“Oh. Do tell.” Jaclyn says as she musters up the courage to take a small bite of whatever four legged animal decided to run into the middle of the road today.

Al digs through her backpack and pulls out the heart-shaped box, with the sticky note attached to the bottom.

“Ooh la la. What have we here?” Jaclyn says as she closely examines the item in front of her.

“Read the note on the bottom.” I chime in. “It’s really…interesting.”

“Wow. This guy has obviously never been on a date before.” Jaclyn says as she finished reading the hand written note stuck onto it, and then hands it back it Al.

They start talking about a school trip coming up, while I sneak into my backpack, and grab my journal.

I quickly lose interest in their conversation as I start to scribble down what has been going on these last few nights.

“I really can’t keep it hidden much longer, unless I stop having these dreams. They're just so weird. In the dream I’m terrified for some reason, and so is everyone else. Then I wake up; but every time I have them, I dream a little bit more. I was almost to the point where I saw what everyone was running away from, and I remember I was looking at something, but then it’s just fuzzy and I wake up. I don’t mind the dreams so much, I actually find them interesting. The problem is that I’ve been-

“What are you writing in there?” asked Jaclyn as she tried to peek over my shoulder. I quickly shut the cover. I’d be mortified if she read what I was about to write. Even if she saw it, I know she wouldn’t tell anybody, she’d tell everybody. Because a person my age doing that, it just isn’t right.

I turn around, finish the sentence and close the book. There, I got it out off my chest and out in the open. Sort of.

The five minute bell rings.

“Oh, how cute. Still can’t get anyone to listen to your problems I see.” A tall, slender, perfectly tan girl with brown hair and green eyes says. Oh look, it's "Most Likely to Become a Porn Star," I think while rolling my eyes.

“Buzz off, Assyla!” said Jaclyn, who was staring at her tray as if she wanted nothing more then to pick it up and spill it’s contents down the front of the person in front of her, which was probably true.

That is Alyssa, one of those preppy cheerleading types who think she’s better then everyone else. We call her by her first name backwards. We find it suites her much better that way.

“Bite me.”

“Somebody ought to.” I mumble under my breath. I get up to leave, but realize a moment too late I forgot to zip my backpack back up. I stand there and watch, as does everybody else, as all of my stuff goes tumbling out onto the floor. Ignoring all the amused faces watching me, I grab my stuff, shove it back in, and sling it over my shoulder.

“Aren’t we graceful today?” she snorts. Hey! I was all proud of myself too, it’s already 12: pm and that’s the first thing I’ve spilled all day. I should get Brownie points for that or something.

“It beats being a-.” I yell, but Al cuts me off before I have a chance to finish.

“Will you two stop?” says Allison as she tugs on my arm to leave.

“Oh, nice you got yourself a body guard. Good choice, she defiantly is the biggest of all the girls.” Assyla snorts, a smirk forming across her lips, the same lips that my fist was just dying to smash into her skull. She asked for it. But I know better though. About violence never solving anything you ask? No, no, no. I know better then to hit her in the face.

Al lets go of my arm and steps back next to Jaclyn and I take that as all the go ahead I need. You just don't talk about a girl's weight like that...Especially not my friends.

I took my fist and thrust it into the side of her stomach. My defense wouldn’t be very good if she told on me with a broken nose. I leave no trace of ever having hit her. I learned that lesson the hard way once when I broke some boys’ nose, and my hand, in the 5th grade. Plus I got suspended for a week. My mom was furious, but I think my dad was proud.

“You’re… going ...to regret this.” She said, after a few choice four letter words, through gasps for air. All her clones came rushing up to help her. We walked away as the late bell was about to go off.

I couldn’t take the thirst anymore. I handed the lunch lady a dollar and bought a soda. I guzzled it down as fast as I could.

“Thirsty?” Jaclyn said sarcastically. So much for no liquids. Well I made it last night, I should be fine. I hope.

After school was over I went to Mr. Brocksons’ class to see if I could get my cell phone back. After enduring his long lectures about not using it during class, I finally got it back. Hurray!

I grabbed a snack from the schools ant infested vending machines, and sat down on a bench. I started looking through my backpack to grab my journal. Then after searching every pocket five times; I realize to my horror that I must have left it in the cafeteria when I spilled my backpack. The chance that it was still there was slim due to the fact that there were people in and out all the time.

I ran in and started looking under all the tables and to my relief it was sitting on a table. Maybe someone just found it on the floor and set it on the table and didn’t read it. I give it a quick glance and stuff it in my backpack.

When I get home the first thing I do is head up to my room and get on the computer, and begin thinking of what I’m going to say to my mom when she arrives. I shudder at the thought.

I go and dump the contents of my backpack onto my bed. The five identical F’s stare up at me and I glare right back. I throw them on my desk for later, and pull out my math book. My mom’s going to kill me.

Five minutes later, after I finish planning my funeral and guest list, I hear a ding sound coming from my computer that I instantly welcome. I’m a procrastinator, what can I say?

Chocolvr88: Hey

SocalKT178: Hey. What’s up, Al?

Chocolvr88: Thinking about that nature trip for Bio this weekend.

SocalKT178: Oh. I totally forgot about that.

Chocolvr88: Sounds fun, minus the biology part. At least we will have the nights to ourselves.

SocalKT178: Nights?

Chocolvr88: Yeah, it’s a weekend long trip at the lake to “study” the environment.

SocalKT178: Oh, right. I Forgot about that.

Chocolvr88: Oh. Did your mom tell you yet?

SocalKT178: Tell me what?

Chocolvr88: The weekend of our trip, my mom is also going away, except she is leaving a day before we do, and coming back a day after we do. So I’m staying at your house the day before and after the trip. Our mom’s already discussed the details on the phone today. So we will get a weekend together.

SocalKT178: Oh, wow. That’s cool.

No! No! No! No! No! No! No! And some more no’s! If I somehow survive my

Menopausal mothers’ wrath, I could possibly die from embarrassment.

“Katie, I’m home!” my mom yells from downstairs. I grab my quizzes, head downstairs, and prepare for the worst.

“Oh, Hi mom.” I say trying to act casual. As casual as a person can be, knowing they could soon be very well carried off to the backyard in several pieces in large, black trash bags anyway.

“What’s wrong?” she asks. I must not be very good at this. I see the insides of some Hefty bags in my future.

“Oh, nothing is wrong, per say. I just have something I need you to sign for me.” My hand, shaking slightly, slides them over across the tile counter tops towards her. I clench my teeth, and wait for the nuclear bomb to be dropped.

“Any second now, she’s probably just thinking of something to say to the police when Al notices I’m not in school anymore.” I tell myself as I peek through my tightly closed eyelids at her facial expression. And to my surprise, my GREAT surprise, did she not look as if about to kill, mutilate, or slaughter me in any form or matter.

Good-bye Hefty bags!

“Oh, are these the math quizzes I heard about?” she asked calmly, putting them back down on the counter, and digging through the refrigerator.

“Yeah…How do you know about them?” I ask, blood beginning to come back into my face. But wait!

What if she’s planning on lowering my guard, luring me into a false sense of security?

“Your math teacher called me earlier and told me to make sure that I get them from you.” She said, pulling out a bag of chicken from the freezer, and to my displeasure, a large knife.

“Oh, right.” I say, my eyes instantly following the knife that is firmly clutched in my mothers’ hand. She watches me with some amusement, as my eyes, never letting the eight inch blade out of my sight, follows her from one side of the room to the other.

“Umm…it’s for the chicken.” She says, motioning to the pieces simmering over the stove top. “How can you already be failing math? It’s not that far into the semester.”

“I don’t know it’s hard. I don’t get it.” I say, the dreaded topic rearing its ugly head into the kitchen.

“Then why don’t you just get someone to help you with it? Alyssa always had an A in it, I’m sure she would be more then happy to help you.” What is it with moms and not keeping up with the times?

“Mom, I haven’t been friends with Alyssa for three years. The only place she would help me is right over a cliff.”

“If you would just be nice for a change, I’m sure the two of you would catch up in a flash.” I don’t even answer that one. I just go into the kitchen and look for something that has chocolate in it.

I settle for a small cup of chocolate chips, grab my quizzes and head back up to my room. I can’t believe I got off so easily!

After dinner I spend the next couple of hours doing homework and talking on-line until I felt too tired to do anything but sleep.

I go to the bathroom and get ready for bed. I start to wonder if I’m going to have any more nightmares. Maybe, if I’m lucky, that was the end of it. Then I’ll have nothing to worry about this weekend or when Alison comes over.

I crawl under the covers and hope for the best.

...

It’s the next morning; I say good-bye to my mom and head out the door. The closer I get to school the more I get chills running up and down my back. Every one of my muscles tensing up; I feel scared for some reason. I get closer with every foot step, continuing my rapid heartbeat.

I start to become afraid, but I go forward anyway. The hairs on the back of my neck start to stick up, and I know that something’s seriously wrong.

My feet take me to mine and Allison’s spot behind the school. My heart is beating faster and faster the closer I get. I’m at the turn and I stop. I wipe my clammy hands on my pants. What am I so afraid of? I’ll turn the corner and see Al there smiling when she sees me, then we will hang out like we always do. There’s nothing to be afraid of.

I turn the corner and see Al, but she’s not smiling, not even close. She’s not even alone.

There beside her, a man, possibly middle aged with a hand gun squeezed tightly between his fingers. I follow his hand with my eyes to see where it’s going, straight at Al’s head. His finger rested on the trigger. My brain shuts down in hysterics; I stand there staring at the two of them.

A bead of sweat forms in my hair and slowly makes its way down my face.

Al looks up, tears and streams of sweat sliding down her pale, white face. I find my voice and scream Al’s name. The man looks up at me, his eyes bore into mine. They seem so hollow, so lifeless.

He turns his attention back to Allison, and asks her a question. A simple yes or no question. My brain does not calculate the question. The only thing I know is the desire of her to say no. A simple one syllable word will either save or take her life. Please say no, please say no.

She doesn’t hesitate with an answer.

“Yes.” She replies.

I watch as if I have no choice. A short motion of his finger seems to take an eternity. As if watching it in slow motion, he pulls the trigger. My ears explode with the sound of the gun blast.

My heart also explodes as I stand and watch my best friend fall to the ground. Eyes open gaping up at me. Her blood freely pouring from her skull onto the pavement below. A sick feeling rises up from my stomach as I watch her lying motionless on the ground. Dead.

I feel dizzy as my feet give way, and I fall, but I don’t stop. I just keep falling. I hear a voice tell me “Go to the bathroom before bed.”

“Katie!” I hear a different voice calling me, but I can’t place it. I hear it again. “Katie!?” I finally distinguish it as a women’s voice. I feel a cold hand touch my forehead. Reality starts to slowly set in as I realize I’m safe in my bed. My nice, warm, wet bed.

Not again!

Even my dreams are making fun of me.

I realize that my mother was trying to wake me up.

I try to open my eyes but they burn, so I keep them shut. I move slightly to let her know I’m awake. I try to make a noise out of my mouth, but nothing comes out. My mouth is completely dried out and my throat burns.

“Katie, are you alright?” She seems truly concerned. I must look like crap; more so then I usually do in the morning. Then I realize it wasn’t the morning. I turn my head and squint up at my alarm clock. It reads 3 AM, and my bedroom light is on. I’m covered in sweat and still feel feeble and bewildered.

I look up at her for an explanation, but instead of explaining why she’s in my room in the middle of the night, she gently places her hand on my forehead again. It feels so nice and cool on my burning face.

“You're hot.” She says. “Stay down; I’m going to go get the thermometer.”

I shift my legs to check to see if I did what I think I did.

I did.

This is completely distressing for someone my age.

My pajama bottoms were now uncomfortably wet and stuck to my legs. I reach into my personal drawer and pull out a towel and slide it under my covers. I was surprised to see that it instantly zapped all the energy out of me. I lay there and tried to catch my breath.

My mom walked in and took my temperature. 103.8 Fahrenheit. It never gets that high. Well at least if I get caught, I’ll have an excuse for this one.

She goes back down stairs and a second later reappears at my bed with glass of water and a bottle of Advil.

I struggle to sit up; as I make sure the blankets are securely around my waist. I instantly feel dizzy and take a sip of water. The cold rush of water felt so soothing on my dried out throat. I take some Advil and lay back down, fighting to stay awake.

I manage to make a half understandable question come out of my mouth.

“What happened?” I ask, a burning feeling engulfing my throat.

“I was going to ask you the same thing. I heard you screaming, and when I came to see what was wrong, you were twisted and turning in your blankets. I tried to wake you, but you were yelling something that didn’t make any sense. Something about a bathroom.” I feel relief as I realize that wasn’t my mother telling me this, but if it wasn’t her, who told me to go to the bathroom before bed? Oh, well as long as my mom doesn’t know.

“I’ll stay home with you tomorrow, we need to watch-“

I didn’t catch the rest, I fell back asleep. At least I didn’t have any more nightmares.

