The Helpful Fox Senko-san - The Pressure to Pamper

Author: MasterXploder

*000*2019-07-18 23:08

The Pressure to Pamper: Prologue

The Helpful Fox Senko-san fanfiction by MasterXploder

With thanks to Sake for editing, and Captain L for providing the idea for this story

Warning: Contains an 800-year-old loli peeing and getting into lewd shenanigans. Make sure the FBI aren’t watching.

"Be careful on your way to work today! It's gonna rain, you know?"

Kuroto Nakano sighed as he finished putting his raincoat on over his work suit. "As always," he replied.

"And make sure you don't work through your lunch break again! It's very important you get your nutrition."

"Of course." He looked at the bento box full of a lovingly-prepared meal inside his suitcase before closing it.

"And don't let them make you spend another night at the office! They've already done that to you twice this week!"

He finally turned around with a weary smile. "I'd say you're working just as hard as I am today, Senko-san."

The eight-hundred year foxgirl puffed her cheeks out. "Well, I have to! You've been run ragged these last few days.” She spoke only truth; she could already see the dark miasma regrowing around him, and he hadn’t even left his apartment yet.

Nakano sighed again. "It can't be helped. We're approaching our deadline, so we've had to crunch to get it all done." He put a hand to his face. "At least it'll be over after today."

“Hee hee…” Senko put on her determined face. “Then I’ll make sure to pamper you extra hard to celebrate when you get home tonight.”

To this, Nakano gave a warm chuckle. “I look forward to it.”

“Mm!” Senko nodded and put her hands together, returning his smile with one of her own.

Suddenly, Nakano’s phone vibrated from inside his pocket, and an alarm sounded shortly after. “Ah! I need to get going now. I’ll see you whenever I get home. Take care, Senko-san!” he hurriedly said as he stepped through the front door.

“Don’t work too hard!” Senko cheerfully replied before the door closed shut.

Only the hum of the air conditioning could be heard now, with Senko staring motionless at the front door, waiting for the possibility of Nakano coming right back in. Seconds dragged by as the entire apartment remained still, until...

“Aah, finally!”

Senko let her guard down the moment she was sure Nakano wasn’t coming back. Her hands pressed right into her groin while her legs pushed together from the knees up. Even her luxurious orange tail wrapped around her waist in an instinctive attempt to press harder. With no more eyes on her, she could finally address her biggest problem that morning, namely the pressure that was close to bursting inside her.

Despite spending months with Nakano to the point where they were comfortably taking baths together, there were still some barriers Senko was not ready to break. Openly admitting her need for a bathroom was one of them; she didn’t even like to use the toilet while he was home lest he heard noises not meant for human ears.

Naturally, this led to some difficulties. On rare occasions, Nakano would be fortunate enough to come home from work early. While she was happy he wouldn’t be suffering under a grueling job, it also meant she would have to hold her tinkle for the remainder of the evening. If she was especially unlucky like this morning, Nakano would wake before her and she would wait until he was out the door. She might have been able to hold past the normal human capacity, but even an eight-hundred-year-old goddess had her limits, and she was nearing those very limits right now.

“Gah, toilet!” Senko turned about on her sock-clad feet at once and waddled to the water closet, stepping in and locking the door behind her right away. Nakano's squat toilet looked heavenly in that moment, almost enough to make her feel excited over something so mundane and unsightly.

Senko could feel her hold slipping away just by looking at it, so she went right to work getting into position. Stepping one foot on each side of the toilet, she grabbed her ankle-length skirt on both sides and rolled it up as far as it could go. She lowered her body until her rump was exposed and hovering above the waters, her tail lifted up and out of the way already. Only one barrier remained, that being her red undergarments, which she pulled to her raised knees with a free hand, once the other hand was safely keeping her dress lifted.

Just like that, Senko was ready to let go of all that pesky pressure inside, at least physically. She still had to pause and take a couple breaths to relax enough to get the flow going. Even when she was surely by herself, just being inside his apartment added one more mental barrier she had to pass before her urine could do the same.

But luckily, it wasn't long before she felt things moving down below. Soon enough, a light dribble of gold fell from between her open legs, staining the waters below and creating a trickling sound. From there, it quickly built into a respectable stream, flying farther and higher until it struck the inside of the bowl jutting upwards. The small room filled with indecent noises that made her ears twitch, from the ringing of the bowl to the hiss from Senko's sacred shrine.

Peeing in Nakano’s bathroom was never not an embarrassing act for Senko, but she found it difficult to focus on that in the moment. Faced with the strong sense of relief radiating from her groin and the fact that she was truly alone, she felt helpless against her urge to express her satisfaction.

“Uyaaaaaannn...” Senko’s mouth fell open and eyes fell shut as she found herself relaxing into another satisfying morning pee. Lost in this bliss, it reminded her of the days long before modern civilization, where she would often be surrounded by the sights and sounds of nature as she did her business, whether it ended up on the grass or in a gently-flowing creek. There was a pleasant peacefulness to answering nature’s call in its domain, nothing like the sterile and constrictive toilets of today. Still, it wasn’t all bad here. Privacy was at least guaranteed with all these walls. There were some close calls with wandering humans almost stumbling on her in mid-pee back in the day, forcing her to cut the stream and quickly disappear with her clothes often getting lightly wet in the process.

She couldn’t help it; centuries of life had given her a capacity far greater than what her petite figure would imply. Even over a minute into her pee, the stream had not slowed in the least. The relief had tapered off at this point, leaving a sheepish Senko squatting with a hand on her blushing cheek. "I need to watch how much tea I drink at dinner," she openly thought.

Fortunately, her tinkle time didn't last much longer. The stream fell into a light trickle that lasted for maybe ten more seconds before giving out completely, leaving only the occasional drop falling straight down into the yellowed waters.

“Ah, much better!” Senko could only smile, having rid herself of all that discomforting pressure with Nakano being none the wiser. All that remained was to clean herself up and move on. First up was to make use of the toilet paper, perhaps her favorite modern human invention. It was so gentle but also thorough, leaving her feeling clean and dry after just a couple wipes. It was much more effective than using her foxfire to dry it all out, and leagues better than scrounging for rough leaves that could give her a rash.

With that taken care of, Senko pulled her smallclothes back to where they belonged and stood up, letting her skirt fall back into place. She pulled the toilet handle, sending her waste off to who-knows-where, then departed the toilet. Her next destination was the sink, where she gave her hands a good washing, lightly humming as she scrubbed until they were spotless. The best pampering could only happen with the cleanest hands, after all.

Speaking of, with her mind finally off her bathroom urges for now, Senko could return to her biggest concern of the day: how to help Nakano relax after what would surely be another grueling day at the office. It would have to be something special after the hell he had been put through recently, but just what would that be? She wasn’t entirely sure, but she needed to think of something soon.

That kind of thinking was best done in the rest of the house, however. With a smile and a swish in her tail, Senko left the bathroom ready to commit herself to serving Nakano as best as she could.

(A/N: The next part to this story will be here soon... ish. Probably. I hope.)

*010*2019-07-24 00:37

And here we are with the rest of the story! Apologies for the slight delay; I had to do some quick revisions to make sure it was up to scratch. Now without further ado...

The Pressure to Pamper: One Long Night

The Helpful Fox Senko-san fanfiction by MasterXploder

With thanks to Sake, Captain L, and Etchyfox for editing

“Mm?”

Senko’s eyes fluttered open to a dark, unfocused room. She rubbed the sleepiness out of them, and blinked a couple more times for good measure. It was still the apartment, no funny business from Shiro or Yozora here, the room now only lit up from the turned-down TV and the moonlight coming through the back patio door. She was seated at the floor-table with an empty cup of green tea and an ancient scroll with the words “Nakano’s Super Relaxing Evening Ideas” on the top.

It was the perfect evening plan, if she thought so herself: A scrumptious meal with freshly-fried tofu, then a relaxing bath containing special salts to revitalize a weary body, topped off with a tender massage and a little sake from her personal stash to wash away that last bit of stress. It was just missing one thing, that being Nakano himself.

“Oh, that’s right,” she muttered while looking around. She had been waiting for him to come home for a while now, long enough for her to drift off to a sitting sleep. Shiro probably would be teasing her about being “such an old lady” or something if she were around. More importantly, after all that time, Nakano still had not come home. That could only mean he was working late, possibly even spending the night at the office again. Neither was good; a man’s workplace was not supposed to be his home. At this rate, Nakano would be lucky if he didn’t have a heart attack right at his desk.

"Aah, stop!"

"Hmm?" Senko turned her attention to the voice coming from the TV. She had forgotten that she had been watching a marathon of Little Yoko, Inari Girl while cleaning and brainstorming. It seemed this episode was nearing its climax: Little Yoko had her back against the wall, having been cornered once again by the fiendish Don Tanukiman.

"Ah-ha-ha-ha!" cackled the Don, "There's no escape this time!"

"Noooo, you can't!" begged Little Yoko, her hands pressed between her twisted legs.

"Oh, but I can!" Don Tanukiman raised his camera. "Once I have a picture of you having an accident, you'll be finished! Now come on and let it all out. You know you want to!"

Little Yoko whimpered as her eyes darted between Tanukiman and the very unfortunate location she had been cornered in: a random part of a water park full of spritzing fountains, crashing waterfalls, and rushing rivers. A full tidal wave of suggestive sights and sounds bombarded her body and bladder, making her feel as though she could explode at any second.

“Ah… I can’t… I’m g-gonna-”

The episode suddenly paused on Little Yoko’s look of panic. Senko set the remote back down, unable to watch any further even if she was dying to find out how it would end. Unfortunately, seeing all that water coupled with Little Yoko’s desperate dance made Senko very aware of her own growing problem. Now that she thought of it, the last time she used the bathroom was that big morning pee. Even for her, that was plenty of time for her bladder to fill back up. The green tea she had to help her focus did not help, either.

"Uugh," she groaned. No way could she focus with such a bothersome pressure. Best to get up and take care of it first.

Senko rose to her feet, wincing from the shifting weight in her groin, and stepped towards the bathroom door. With one hand on her crotch, she reached for the handle.

Her ears twitched as she heard the sound of a door opening. Not the toilet; no, it was coming from the front.

Nakano was home at last. It wasn't the most ideal time for Senko, but that mattered little to her. She let go of the bathroom door and briskly walked to the front of the apartment, watching the knob turn from his key. Potty time could wait; it was pampering time.

She threw her arms out and put on a big smile right as the door opened. "Welcome home, Naka… Uyan!?"

It was like looking at a ghost. Nakano was hunched over from the weight of the world on his back, his pupils missing from his eyes and his mouth slightly open. The shroud of darkness covered him like a blanket, so much that Senko could barely see the outside world past the door frame.

“N-Nakano!? What happened!?” She reached out to him, only for him to trudge past her, slipping his shoes off and leaving the door open.

“Uugh, work… so much crunch,” he mumbled with his face cradled inside a hand. “Last-minute changes. Lots of programming errors. So much… yelling…” He dropped his suitcase on the floor-table before turning to his bed and falling onto it with a “fwomp”.

Senko, who had been shutting the door and sorting Nakano’s shoes behind him, went straight to his side. She couldn’t begin to understand exactly what he was talking about, but it was clear he had gone through hell today. This had to have been the worst he had felt since before she entered his life, and she definitely couldn’t leave him this way. But just looking at him, Senko knew he wouldn't have the energy for a late dinner or bath. In fact, he was already where he needed to be most.

“Nakano…” Senko laid a hand on his shoulder, giving him a warm smile. "You've had an awful day. Why don't you go straight to sleep? You can even cuddle with me if you want."

He looked up at her with weary eyes and muttered "R-right. Sleep. Cuddle." It seemed his normal reservations had vanished in his current state.

"Mm!" With that, Senko turned around and stepped to the wardrobe closet. She wasn't worried about Nakano sleeping in his work clothes for tonight, but she still needed to change into her sleepwear.

Pulling her sleeves down her shoulders, Senko let her kimono fall to the floor, leaving her in just her socks and panties. These would be discarded as well, and Senko bent down to do just that. It didn't matter in the least that Nakano could easily see her; they took baths together, after all.

The socks slipped off easily enough, but upon pulling her underwear down, the open air touching a certain part of her sent a signal to her bladder that the time to empty was near. Her holding muscles felt weaker, and one leg instinctively rubbed over the other.

Senko groaned at this unpleasant reminder of her need for a toilet. Again, her first thought was to make straight for the bathroom and rid herself of such a bothersome pressure, but that idea was immediately thrown out. Her reluctance to use the toilet around Nakano reared its ugly head again, but more than that, she couldn’t think about herself right now. He needed a good helping of fox-style pampering more than ever, and she was gonna give it to him if it killed her.

She sighed one more time before uncrossing her legs and returning to getting dressed. A short while later, and she was in her usual sleep attire of a pink robe and nothing else. Panties were fine for daytime wear, but when it came to sleep, Senko preferred as little fabric as possible, much like her other kitsune friends.

Turning around on bare feet, Senko approached the bed, noticing that Nakano had removed his pants and jacket, and also had a hand covering his eyes. Respectful as always, even if it wasn’t necessary. “Ready for bed?” she asked in a soft voice.

“Hmm?” Nakano removed his hand from his face. He only looked at Senko for a second before adjusting himself so that he was under the covers with enough room for her to join him.

Senko smiled as she pulled down the covers and climbed in. Snuggling right next to Nakano, she draped her tail between them, enveloping the two in its natural warmth.

“How do you feel? Better?” whispered Senko.

Nakano stared into her golden eyes for a moment, then nodded. She could already see his body starting to relax, just as she hoped. “I’m… sorry,” he finally responded.

“Hmm? For what?”

"I was forced to work late again, and I had to miss out on your plans for me." His gaze lowered to their legs, until Senko placed a hand on his cheek to bring it back up.

“You don’t have to worry about that,” she said, “I’m just happy that you still made it home safe and sound. Besides, you have the day off tomorrow, right?”

“Y-Yeah, I do.”

Senko giggled. “Then we have all day tomorrow to give you as much pampering as you want!” Her eyelids lowered. “Now, let’s go to sleep. You’ll feel so much better in the morning.”

At last, Nakano gave her a weary smile. “R-right. Thank you, Senko-san.”

“Mm!”

She watched as Nakano’s eyes slowly drifted shut, his head slightly turning into the mattress. Within minutes, he was peacefully breathing through his mouth, fast asleep. At that moment, Senko sighed and let her smile drop.

“Ugh, at least someone will sleep peacefully tonight,” she muttered to herself as she put a hand to her aching bladder. With Nakano asleep, it was practically begging her to get up and make for the toilet, but she had to wait. It was too risky; if Nakano woke as she climbed out of bed, she wouldn't have a good excuse for it. Even worse, if he didn’t wake up immediately, but instead while noises not meant to be heard by man were coming from the bathroom. She'd never be able to climb back in bed with him, and he needed all the care he could get right now.

A little bit longer, that's all she needed to wait, she told herself. Until then, she just had to not think about it. Senko closed her eyes and tried to think of more pleasant things, like how nice it was to be able to sleep next to another person. At least, someone who didn’t snore as much as Shiro did. Then again, Nakano didn’t have a tail he could drape over her to keep her warm like with the other foxes, but that’s what the blanket was for.

That was something else she had to wonder about: Little Yoko’s tail in the TV show. She knew it was only an anime, but was her tail just as fluffy as Senko’s? She doubted it; all she ever saw Little Yoko do was frolic around and get chased by Don Tanukiman. The poor girl probably never had time to properly groom her tail. She certainly didn’t have time for a potty break in that one episode.

Before Senko could stop it, that unfortunate scene played back through her mind. The helpless fox girl trapped by the cackling Don, hands buried between her legs, desperately fighting to delay the inevitable flood in the face of all that rushing water…

“Come on!” gloated the Don. “Now come on and let it all out! You know you want to, Senko!”

“Uyan!?” Senko looked around. Suddenly, she wasn’t just observing this incident anymore, but now stood where Little Yoko was, even dressed in the young girl’s outfit. She didn’t know what was happening, but was certain of one thing: she really needed the bathroom right now.

“N-No! I mustn’t!” She lifted a foot off the ground and placed a knee over the other, anything to keep it in for a few extra seconds. Unfortunately, she could feel it slipping away from her, how it would come out any moment now.

She squeezed her eyes shut, not wanting to face the Don and his maniacal photo-snapping. It was only when she felt the first little bit come out that they snapped back open. Only now, the Don and the water park were gone, and she was looking back into Nakano’s sleeping face.

“H-huh?” She blinked a couple times before realizing: A bad dream, that’s all it was, something to only leave her feeling a little gross over for a while before forgetting about it.

Until she noticed something else to feel gross about, that is.

She didn’t want to believe it, but the feeling on her leg and somewhere more sensitive couldn’t be denied: wetness. It was only a faint feeling, but frightening nonetheless. She had peed a little in her sleep, and with no underwear, there was nowhere for it to go but on her body and maybe even the mattress itself.

That she had even leaked at all was bad enough, but Senko could feel the rest of it pressing in her bladder, trying to force out more regardless of where she was, maybe even all of it. She needed to get to the bathroom right away, no more waiting.

But that’s when Senko noticed a different kind of warmth, that being the warmth of a hand across her arm. At some point in the night, Nakano had rested his arms across Senko and pulled her deeper into him. Any other time, she would have been more than happy that he was embracing her so, but not when she was about to soak the sheets. If she thought him listening to her peeing would be bad, she didn’t want to think about him waking up in a bed saturated with her urine.

But how could she get out of bed now that someone was holding her there? It wasn't an issue of strength, as Senko's demigod powers would break her out of any human grip with ease. Once again, the problem was getting out without waking him, and she didn't see any way she could manage that.

Like a fox in a cage, Senko was trapped in bed with no way out. Her heart fluttered as the panic set in, her bedwetting seeming inevitable now. Even with both hands and legs squeezing with every bit of strength she had, she knew she couldn't last the rest of the night. Not even wrapping her tail between her legs for an extra squeeze would save her, either.

Or would it? Her eyes opened and stared at her large, fluffy tail. Senko knew from her baths that it could absorb a lot of water. Could it actually…? No, her tail was special; she would never use it as some kind of diaper!

At least, not if she was in her right mind. Unfortunately, this was an emergency. If she was going to lose control in bed, it was better to be in something that wouldn’t leave an embarrassing stain and would hopefully mask the smell enough.

I can’t believe I’m about to do this… Senko gulped as she slowly slid her tail off Nakano and pulled it towards her. She paused to put a hand on it, feeling that it was especially sensitive tonight, or at least she thought it was. This was not going to be pleasant in any way, so she needed at least a second to mentally prepare for the gross feelings that would come soon.

But nothing could have prepared for what happened next.

“Uyan!?” Suddenly, hands that weren’t her own grabbed her tail, making her yelp in surprise. The firm grip on such a sensitive part of her made the strength vanish from her body, a weakness among fox demigods that they never shared for good reason.

“Fluffy… Fluffy…” A fast-asleep Nakano muttered this with a droopy smile as his fingers weaved through the hairs of her tail, burying themselves in a warm softness mankind had yet to replicate. Whatever dream he was having at that moment was at least a pleasant one.

But Senko had no time to think about that when she was being vigorously ravished. Every stroke and tickle of Nakano’s fingers sent all sorts of sensations through her entire body, many of which she was definitely not okay with right now. Within seconds, her breathing became labored and a bead of sweat formed on her brow. Her ears twitched and toes curled of their own accord. Muscles all over squeezed and relaxed in a quickening tempo, especially the ones still fighting to keep her urine bottled. Worst of all, she could feel something quickly building up inside her, getting dangerously close to being released all at once, and it wasn't her pee.

Still unaware of the havoc he was wreaking, Nakano only grew bolder with his strokes. Leaning in, he buried his face right where her tail was at its fluffiest, sending a jolt powerful enough to make another spurt of urine shoot out of her and onto the sheets.

"Aah… eeyah!" Senko couldn't take it anymore. Yanking her tail away, she scrambled out of bed, landing with one hand shoved underneath her robe and the other wrapped around her tail. Both hands squeezed as hard as possible, desperate to suppress the impending release for just a second or two longer.

Meanwhile, the sudden jerking and commotion brought Nakano out of his dream. "H-Huh? Senko-san?" He asked with bleary eyes and a groggy voice.

But Senko couldn't worry about him anymore, not with the precious few seconds she had left. On weak knees, she stumbled her way to the bathroom door, panting and begging her body to last until she could at least reach the toilet, or even the bathroom floor.

It didn’t. Right as her bare feet felt the cold tiles of the kitchen floor, Senko’s legs lost all strength, sliding out from under her as she attempted to reach for the door knob. Before she knew it, she was on the floor with her knees in front of her and feet splayed to the sides, her overly-sensitive tail draped over her lap. Whatever energy she had left was wholly devoted to holding everything in, but somewhere deep inside, she knew it was all over. With her entire body ready to blow, it would only take a single bit of stimulus to send her over the edge.

Who else would be the one to deliver that stimulus but Nakano? Having regained enough consciousness, he had watched Senko’s sudden run and fall. His mind filled only with concern, he jumped out of bed and ran to her, paying no attention to the faint wetness on the mattress.

“S-Senko-san!? What’s wrong?” he asked her, placing both hands on her shoulders.

There was a moment of silence as Senko inhaled from the impact. If anyone else were in the apartment, they would have sworn to feel a slight electrical impulse that makes one’s hair stand on end, like the calm before the storm. And then…

“Hiiiiiiyaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!”

A long scream filled with emotions of all kinds rang through the apartment complex. Dogs howled in the distance. Just next door, one Yasuko Koenji was startled awake at her computer desk, having fallen asleep while working on her manga. She groaned while adjusting her glasses and muttered, "They're just as bad as honeymooners."

Her surprise was nothing compared to Nakano’s, now wide awake. He could only stare at the foxgirl going rigid as every muscle in her body squeezed its hardest, every nerve firing off, endorphins flooding her body, and her tail lifting straight up in a series of spasms. Even a man who had never dated - such as himself - could understand what was happening, and it put a big blush on his face.

That wasn’t all, either. Right as Senko peaked, a tidal wave of gold exploded out from underneath her robe, instantly forming a puddle. Obscene noises filled the apartment, from the strong hiss between her legs to the spraying as it struck the tile. Her knees were the first thing to be tainted by her pee, but within moments, the rest of her legs and feet were surrounded in a gross, wet, smelly warmth.

It was the most intense climax Senko had ever felt, but also one of the most short-lived. The next thing she knew, she was panting and slumping forward, her body having lost all its energy. Even her tail fell limp to the floor, quickly mingling with the urine and absorbing it into its core. The euphoria disappeared just as quickly, and now she felt sweaty, gross, and definitely embarrassed to have done such a thing right in front of Nakano. It only got worse when she became aware that she was peeing herself, with no hope of stopping it without even a modicum of strength left.

“Ah… Ahh…” Senko looked in disbelief at her massive pool of pee. A shiver ran down her spine, her ears drooping from the weight of the world on her. In 800 years of life, this was officially the grossest she had ever been. Not even the faint pleasure of finally getting to pee could make up for such a humiliating accident. “Oooohhh…”

Nakano had just as many conflicting emotions from watching Senko wet herself. The strongest, however, was of worry and pity. He had never seen her at such a low moment, and looking at her fluffy tail being defiled so broke his heart in a way he didn't think possible. His only desire in that moment was to comfort and protect. Kneeling down, he gently wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into a hug.

"Huh?" Senko turned her head in his direction. It wasn’t that she didn’t appreciate the gesture, but she had other reasons to object. “Oh, p-please don’t! You’ll get it on you, too.”

“It’s fine,” he replied. “I just thought you could use this right now.”

Senko paused, having been taken aback by his stance. Even with the horrible stress he had built up, Nakano’s only concern was for her. She sighed and lowered her head, watching her puddle continue to grow around her. She was supposed to be the helpful one here, but she definitely didn’t feel that way.

“Senko-san, could I ask you something?” asked Nakano.

“Mmm…” she pondered for a moment. “What is it?”

“Did you… need to do this when I came home?”

She turned her head away. “Ugh, you’re not supposed to ask a lady about these things.”

“Please, forgive me.” He bowed his head. “If I had known about your problem, maybe I wouldn’t have been so, er, hands-on in my sleep.”

“Nakano, you have nothing to apologize for,” said Senko, shaking her head. “It’s my job to pamper you when you need it most. You’ll always come first to me.”

“But even so, you really shouldn’t push yourself so hard for me. If you really need the bathroom again, please take care of yourself first. I really don’t want to see you like this again.”

That makes two of us. Senko sighed. “I’ll try, but… it’s not easy for fox demigods to admit these things.” She looked back to her puddle, feeling the last of her pee finally leaving her. In all, it was a massive mess; she would certainly have to mop it up before she returned to bed.

But before that, it was time to get up from her pitiable posture. Nakano released his hug as she managed to stand up, him flipping the light switch to let her assess the full damage for herself. It wasn’t pretty, to say the least. Her legs, feet, and groin all glistened with her urine, and the back of her robe had a damp patch as well. Pulling her tail in front of her, she nearly cried at the amount of liquid it absorbed, the sure smell of pee emanating from it. It would take a lot of scrubbing before her tail was clean again in her eyes.

“You should take a bath before you go back to bed,” said Nakano as he stood back up. “Let me deal with the mess in here.”

“Uyan, I can’t make you do that,” sighed Senko. Her human could be so thick-headed sometimes. “It’s not fair to make you clean up my mess, after all.”

Nakano rubbed his head before an epiphany struck him. “Then how about I at least draw a bath for you? That way, it’ll be ready for you once you’re done here.”

It was too good of an offer for her to pass up, but Senko felt there was still one thing she needed to make sure of. She turned to him and said, “Okay, I’ll do that on one condition.”

“One condition?” he asked.

Senko gave him a foxy smile. “You have to join me in the bath, too! I can’t have you going back to bed with all that stress and tinkle on you.”

“Oh?” Nakano smiled. “Then if it will please you, I guess I’ll get ready for a bath too.”

“Mm!”

*014*2019-10-07 01:30

(A/N: Oof, this one took a while for me to get out there, both from writer's block and going through some personal health-related issues at the time. Oh well, it's here now, and also ToS-friendly according to Maki himself. Enjoy the first half of a new story!)

$$

The Pressure to Pamper: One Enduring Day Part 1

The Helpful Fox Senko-san fanfiction by MasterXploder

With thanks to Sake for editing, and daveshuyi and Imouto Bouquet for ideas

"Once I have a picture of you having an accident, you'll be finished! Now come on and let it all out. You know you want to!"

Over the wily Don Tanukiman’s cackling, Little Yoko could only look around in desperation, her hands firmly at her groin and legs locked together from the knees up. The water park all around her proved just as devilish as the don, assaulting her senses with all kinds of rushing, trickling, gushing, and crashing water.

The poor kitsune girl was at her absolute limit, and she knew it. Even taking a single step without her bladder bursting wide open seemed impossible. She could feel the tears welling up, ready to run down her cheeks at the same time as the urine ran down her legs.

“Ah… I can’t…” Little Yoko closed her eyes and lowered her head a touch. “I’m g-gonna… make it!”

Suddenly, she threw an arm straight out, her hand wide open as if a magical instrument was about to poof into existence. Her remaining arm and legs put everything they had into keeping her dry for just a little longer.

“Bah, be as defiant as you want!” shouted Don Tanukiman, “We both know that it’s only a matter of time before you g-oof!”

The Don’s eyes bulged out of nowhere, sending his sunglasses flying. He fell forward with a thud, a large swollen bump appearing on the back of his head accompanied by the cracking sound of his camera breaking from the impact. Just above him was Little Yoko’s flying broomstick, sailing through the air on a beeline to her hand, no matter what or who it had to knock over to get there.

Grabbing it out of the air, Little Yoko mounted the broom and took to the skies, her destination being the closest public facilities. Her legs straddled the wooden base and her free hand stayed firmly pressed between them like her life depended on it. Her clothes certainly did.

In a matter of seconds, Little Yoko found a very promising bathroom just outside the water park, uncrowded and open. Soaring straight to it, she jumped off her broom and ran inside, knowing she had mere seconds left before it all came gushing out.

This being a TV show aimed for a younger audience, all that was shown next was the restroom exterior, with the camera slowly zooming out for a couple seconds. Then, it suddenly cut to a foot clad in a sandal and white sock stepping out. The camera panned upward, showing off clean, dry legs and skirt before stopping on Little Yoko's very happy, very relieved face.

"Aaaahhh, much better!" she declared, her voice significantly more relaxed. Another crisis averted, and with her none the worse off; she had every reason to be pleased with herself.

Pulling her broom back, Little Yoko set off into the air. "Maybe now I can really have fun today! That water park actually looks like a lot of fun. Better go get my swimsuit! Wheeeeee!" she said before flying off.

The camera irised in as she disappeared with a twinkle before opening back up to Don Tanukiman sitting on a bench, nursing his big bump with one hand while holding his broken camera in the other. "I just bought this, too," he complained just as the show closed off on his sad face.

The show came back on to its ending credits, complete with a catchy outro. Sitting at the floor table, Senko put her cup down and turned off the TV. "At least one of us was able to make it," she commented with a sigh.

She rose to her feet and walked to the balcony door, staring at the bedsheets hanging up to dry after a good wash. They weren’t all that dirty to begin with, but she had to make sure every last drop of her shameful waste was out of them, even if it was hardly anything in the first place.

It had already been a couple days since her accident, but it still clung to the back of her mind. Yes, Nakano forgave her, but she still had a bit of trouble forgiving herself. She was supposed to be the one taking care of him. How could she do that when he had to console her while she’s collapsed onto a puddle of her urine? Some helpful fox she was.

“Got a lot on your mind today?”

Senko’s ears twitched at the young voice with a thinly-veiled hint of cheekiness. She turned around to find Shiro, a younger kitsune girl that she had the sort-of-pleasure of knowing. She had her hands on her hips and quite the smirk on her face, not unlike a cat about to pounce on her prey. Senko could feel a slight shiver run down her spine; whatever was about to happen next, she knew it was not going to be pleasant.

“Or you are just making extra sure the bedsheets are clean?” she added with a giggle.

Still, Senko had to be the adult in this discussion. “Morning, Shiro,” she replied. “What brings you here today?”

“Oh, nothing much,” continued Shiro in her barely-hidden amusement. “Just wanted to hang out here today for a wee bit.”

Does she…? There was a faint twitch on Senko’s eye, but her face remained stoic otherwise. “Mmm, well Kuroto has already left for work, so it would just be you and me. I wasn’t planning on doing anything too special today, either.”

“I figured as much. You are the type of girl who likes to ‘piddle’ around.” Shiro’s lips curled upward just a tad.

She does. Senko sighed and lowered her head. “Go on, get it out of your system.”

“Pfft… bahahahahaha!” From there, Shiro’s weak facade immediately crumbled. She began by pointing and laughing, but then fell onto her back, her hands clutching her heaving belly while her feet kicked in the air from the biggest fit of laughter she had enjoyed in a good while.

“I should have seen this coming,” Senko spoke to herself.

“Ahah… ahahah…” Shiro sat up, rubbing a tear out of her eye as her piercing laugh subsided. “I still can’t believe it. The Great Senko peeing herself like a toddler! I really thought I was dreaming when Yozora showed that to me!”

“Y-Yozora!?” Senko’s pupils went white. Does the entire spirit world know about that now? It’s gonna be tough showing my face there for a while…

“But seriously, what was the deal with that? Too proud to say you have to tinkle to a human?"

"I…" Senko looked away, unsure of how she could even put this. The truth seemed just as good of a reply as anything. "It was just bad judgment on my part. I put Kuroto's needs over my own for too long one night. It's really not a big deal." At least, she wished it wasn't.

“Really now? The caretaker of a human wets herself, and it's no big deal?" said Shiro, still smirking. "I'd say that's a sign, if you ask me."

"What are you getting at?"

Shiro put a hand up to her chin, a sign Senko knew all too well. “You’re getting up there in centuries, Senko, and you’re not exactly all-powerful like Yozora. Maybe by taking on the role of pampering Nakano, you might be biting off more than you can chew.”

She’s really gonna go there, huh? “I would hardly think a single mistake would mean I was incapable of taking care of Kuroto,” she said, crossing her arms.

“Maybe you think that way, but what if Yozora doesn’t? She might be thinking of replacing you as we speak.” Shiro placed a hand on her chest. “And if she just so happens to think I would be the best suitable replacement, then who would I be to refuse?”

Senko could feel something inside her snap. She knew Shiro could only be teasing her, but the mere thought of being pulled away from Nakano over a single mistake… Her cheeks grew warm and the hairs on her tail began to fray.

“Shiro, Nakano is my responsibility, and I will see my job through to the end.” she said with a noticeable firmness growing in her tone.

“But how can you do that if you can’t hold your pee-pee? I guarantee I would never have peed myself if I were in your place that night.”

"Would you, though? I was watching you the last time you played video games with Kuroto, you know."

"Yeah, I whooped him pretty good again. Almost didn't even have to read his mind!"

"You also kept bouncing your foot and had a strained look on your face the whole time. I was pretty certain I would have had to clean the floors a second time that day."

"Eh!?" Shiro lost her smug smirk and glanced away for a moment. “E-even so, I'm positive I still could have held it better than you!”

“You can say it as much as you want. There’s no real way you can prove it.”

Suddenly, Shiro’s face lit up, and her frown grew into a very mischievous grin. “Oh, I know exactly how I can prove it.”

Another chill went down Senko’s spine, but she couldn’t resist asking. “And how is that?”

Shiro dramatically flung her pointing finger at Senko. “Let’s have a holding contest, here and now!”

Senko stared agape. “A… holding contest? What on Earth are you talking about?”

“It’s easy! We drink a lot, then the first girl to pee loses. This way, we can see for sure who could have held it better!”

“Shiro, you can't be serious." Senko crossed her arms. "That's not the kind of competition ladies like us should be getting into."

"Why not? Nakano's not gonna be home until long after our contest is over. Nobody is gonna know about it."

You mean other than Yozora? thought Senko.

"Wait a minute." There was the smug look again. "Do you not want to compete because you know I'll win? Too afraid you'll be upstaged by the eager young junior with a bladder of steel?"

Senko turned her head away. "If you're trying to goad me into it, it's not going to work," she claimed, despite her rising blood pressure.

"Or are you just worried Nakano's gonna come home to you making another puddle on the floor? He definitely won't think very well of you. He might even have to put you in diapers!"

"Uyan!?" The mere thought of being forced into something so degrading left a gross feeling all over Senko.

“I’m just saying, if you wet yourself a second time in front of him, even I might look like a better pamperer, and-”

That does it! Whatever Shiro was pressing on inside Senko finally snapped. Senko looked her junior right in the eye with a newly-found fire. "Alright! If you're so insistent on proving yourself better, then you can have your chance."

"W-wait, really?" Shiro blinked. "I mean, a-ha! It's settled; a battle of bladders among the demigods! I hope you were planning on doing laundry today, because your underwear won't survive this!"

At least I have underwear to ruin, thought Senko, briefly glancing at Shiro's exposed thighs. "I don't know if I'll enjoy the win, but I don't plan on losing," she said as she walked to the kitchen.

“Heh, that makes two of us!” said Shiro following behind. “So what are we drinking? Maybe some of your special sake to really have some fun?”

Senko grabbed her tea kettle and filled it up. “It’s far too early in the day for alcohol. We’ll stick to green tea and water for this contest.”

“You’re no fun sometimes, you know that?” said a frowning Shiro. "Guess I'll just have to keep myself occupied some other way."

Meanwhile, Senko stared into the water inside the tea kettle, her reflection looking back. Was she really about to do something this improper? This couldn't be the face of a girl who would take part in a pee-holding contest. What would Nakano think if he ever got wind of this?

No, she couldn't think that way. This was about putting a mouthy junior back in her place, nothing more. Besides, she was certain she had the capacity to outlast Shiro. That girl had a tendency to use the bathroom whenever she first felt the call of nature… and announce it rather loudly, at that. The only time she didn't declare her need to pee was around certain humans like Nakano. Likely a pride thing, and Shiro was certainly full of that. A little humility might be good for the growing kitsune.

Putting her determined face back on, Senko closed the tea kettle and nodded to herself. For everyone's sake, she would win this contest.

"Oh come on, that's so unfair!"

Shiro huffed and threw her controller down, pouting at the TV screen. The computer fighter struck a victory pose while the words "You Lose!" taunted her in bold red text.

"They're obviously cheating. It’s the only way they could stand a chance against me!” said Shiro, looking over to Senko.

Sitting at the floor table, Senko did her best to hide her amusement. Not that she was any good at video games either, but she found it funny how humans and demigods alike could get worked up over these things.

Hearing no response, Shiro huffed and picked her controller back up. "Well, it can't keep it up forever. I'll beat them yet, you'll see!"

Had Shiro not said something similar about a dozen tries ago, Senko might have believed her. Regardless, she had no doubt her junior would keep at it for as long as it took to win. The girl had quite the stubborn streak when it came to competitions.

If only Senko had realized that a bit sooner, she lamented. Looking down at the empty cup of tea, Senko subtly squeezed her legs together. How long had it been since they officially began this contest? At least a few hours, it was now the early afternoon. This combined with the cups of tea they drank every hour added up to one undeniable truth.

Senko wanted to use the bathroom. Really wanted to. It was amazing how quickly tea went through a demigod’s body. Already, it was getting difficult to distract herself from the growing pain in her groin. It was always there, no matter what household chore she tried to engross herself in.

While Senko had kept her tail busy with cleaning, Shiro remained firmly on her rear playing Great Fluff Fighters Special. Senko had her eye on her whenever she could, to remind herself she wasn't the only one suffering from a call for nature.

Shiro had been trying to hide it, Senko had to give her that much. She hadn’t complained once about needing to pee, but it was the little things that gave it away. A twitch in her foot, an occasional squeeze of her crossed legs, and her white tail curled around her midsection to try and obscure it all. There was no denying it; Shiro was just as desperate for the bathroom as Senko was, no funny games here.

A chime went off on an hourly timer. “Oh, it’s already that time again?” asked Senko.

Shiro groaned and paused her game. “Alright, I could use a quick break anyway.”

The girls gathered at the floor table, with Senko pouring out two cups of green tea. They each took a cup into their hands, looking into the liquid before lifting it to their lips. In perfect sync, Senko and Shiro gulped down the soothing tea, neither one stopping until their cups were empty.

Two sighs were let out as they set their cups back down, the tea warming their bellies yet again. As much as Senko liked green tea, it worked best when enjoyed as just one cup paired with a nice meal. Pouring it down her gullet every hour wasn't that enjoyable, especially knowing it would quickly make its way to her cramped bladder.

"It's a good thing your tea is so delicious," said Shiro, "I still think this would be way more fun with your sake stash instead, though."

Senko shook her head. "Maybe, but I definitely can't have Kuroto come home to two intoxicated kitsunes. How could I properly pamper him in such a state?"

"Are you kidding? He's probably gonna be working real late again. Alcohol doesn't stick as long for us as it does humans. We'd be sober and bushy-tailed by the time he stumbles through the door." Shiro's eyes lowered. "Plus, our contest would be over quicker, I'd bet."

"Hmm?" Senko raised an eyebrow. "Why would you want this over sooner? Is it getting bad for you?"

"Eh!?" Shiro suddenly sat upright and put on a cocky grin. "What are you talking about? I barely even feel it right now! I'm more worried about you. Just making sure you have enough time to clean up the puddle you'll make before too long."

"Thank you for the concern, but I won't allow any more puddles to happen on these floors, no matter who it's from."

"So you admit you're gonna give up and run to the toilet at some point?"

Someone's getting ahead of herself again. "We'll both be using the toilet, regardless of this contest’s outcome.”

“Yeah yeah, I’m not planning on soaking the floor while you have a nice squat over the potty. I’ll be emptying my bladder in triumph right after you.” A growl from nearby wiped Shiro’s smug smirk from her face, making her clutch her stomach. “Ugh, speaking of empty, I really need something to eat with all this tea.”

Senko looked down to her own belly. Now that Shiro had brought it up, they had yet to have a proper lunch. Cooking and eating would probably make for a good distraction as well, if only for a little while. “Sounds like I had better whip up some fried tofu for us," she said.

"Awesome!" Shiro perked right up. "Your cooking will make this a lot more fun!"

Senko stood up, slowly and carefully so as not to disturb her bladder. Shiro, on the other hand, jumped straight to her feet, only to wince and stiffen up right afterwards. It was only for an instant, but long enough for Senko to notice. With any luck, this contest would be over sooner than she could hope for.

They stepped into the kitchen area, each girl thinking about filling their stomachs to the same extent as their bladders.

“Huh?”

Both girls’ ears twitched at the sound of a key turning a lock. Someone was opening the front door, way before Nakano should be coming home. Immediately, all thoughts of food and pee disappeared as Senko and Shiro watched the knob turn and door swing open.

"Senko-san, I'm home!" In stepped Nakano with a smile. "Oh, Shiro-san? You're here too?"

"K-Kuroto! Welcome home!" Senko replied, her voice holding equal amounts of happiness and confusion.

Shiro looked to Senko. "Wait, what's he doing here? He’s not supposed to be home this early!"

"Right, about that." Nakano rubbed his head. "We were working as usual when the power went out. I'm not sure exactly how, but the whole block was out of power. Anyway, we can't get any work done without electricity, so they sent everyone home for the day."

"That's… great news!" Senko forced a smile as Nakano walked past them, removing his jacket and setting down his suitcase. "Now you have the whole afternoon to relax."

"Y-yeah, relax. At home. With us in the same room," said Shiro flatly.

Senko followed behind, her heart and bladder throbbing in equal measure. “S-so, what should we do now that you’re home early? I know plenty of ways to help you wind down.”

“Well, about that,” said Nakano, “As I was walking home, I noticed how good the sunshine felt today. I was hoping I could maybe get outside for a little bit.”

“Mm, you don’t get many chances to enjoy the afternoon.” Senko put a hand to her chin, then her face lit up. "Oh! there's a park not far from here. We could have a nice picnic under the sun!"

Nakano offered a smile. "That sounds lovely, but are you sure you can put a whole picnic together so quickly?"

"Of course!" Senko put her hands on her hips and pouted. "You don't think I can handle something like that?"

“Er, no, I didn’t mean it that way!” said Nakano, putting his hands up.

Senko’s pout changed to a smile. “Mm! Now why don't you go freshen up while I get our picnic all together?"

"That sounds like a plan." Nakano returned the smile before heading into the bathroom.

The moment the bathroom door closed, Senko dropped her smile and walked to the kitchen. She had to come up with something to quickly throw together for a picnic, yet still be up to her high standards. Not that it would be a challenge normally, but thinking on a strong urge to pee was not easy, even for a demigod.

But nevermind the picnic. Once again, Senko was in the predicament of needing to relieve herself while Nakano was around, and so soon after her accident. It seemed like they had only just had that conversation about her being more open with her needs, and yet she was already betraying that. Just him being around was making her think twice about this entire contest. Maybe it would be for the best if...

“Hmph, I know what you’re thinking.”

“Uyan!?” Shiro was practically in Senko’s ear with her hand in her face, making the elder girl jump back.

“You’re probably thinking Nakano coming home early means you have an easy excuse to call this contest off, aren’t you?” said Shiro.

How is she so perceptive on such a full bladder? thought Senko.

“W-well, it’s not going to work! This contest isn't ending until one of us pees!” Shiro said with a strange amount of force and slight blush on her cheeks.

To this, Senko frowned. "Shiro, you can't seriously believe we can keep this up around Kuroto. This contest is embarrassing enough as it is."

"Then there's only way one out, and you know what it is." Shiro glanced to the bathroom door with a knowing smile.

Senko found her eyes drifting to the water closet as well. This would be her only chance to get out of this contest, with zero chance of this ending in an accident for her. Her bladder definitely wanted her to take it; she felt its subtle squeezes to make her rush in as soon as Nakano stepped out. How good it would feel to have that pressure gone from her body and mind… then she could devote her whole heart to making this picnic the best it could be.

But all it took was one look at Shiro to know that it wouldn't be worth it. She could practically hear what Shiro wanted to say with that devious smile: "Give up now, so I can lord this over you forever. Every time we’re together with Nakano, you’ll know that you might not be the best person to take care of him.” Could she really look him in the eyes if she gave up now?

Senko looked away from the toilet door despite her body's protests and smiled. "Thank you for the offer, but I must decline. I am in this contest to the very end, no matter what that end may be.”

For a moment, Shiro’s face twitched as though she were pained to hear that. However, it was just as quickly replaced with an upward head turn and a huff. “Suit yourself. It’s… just gonna be a long walk back home in wet clothes, is all.”

Is she talking more about me or her? thought Senko. She supposed it didn’t matter, for there were far more pressing issues to focus on. Their contest was about to get a lot more complicated, and possibly even more embarrassing. Even if she won and still made it to a toilet, Senko wasn’t sure if she would look back on this day in pride, let alone openly share it with others.

Still, she could not and would not give in now. This would be one of her biggest tests ever as a caregiving fox spirit, and she would give no less than her very best to surpass it. Turning to the kitchen, Senko got started on putting together the meal for their picnic. If nothing else, she would make certain they would have a scrumptious lunch to go with the endurance trial that would be the rest of this contest.
