The Helpful Fox Senko-san - The Pressure to Pamper

Author: MasterXploder

*018*2019-11-12 18:57

(A/N: At long last, the second half is finally done!)

The Pressure to Pamper: One Enduring Day Part 2

The Helpful Fox Senko-san fanfiction by MasterXploder

With thanks to Sake and the NoMaKo developer for editing

A sunny day with warm weather. A pleasant breeze gently cooling the hairs of her tail. Good food and a warm picnic cloth to sit on. Last but not least, special magic wards set up around the park so nobody would see or disturb the two fox girls out in broad daylight.

By all accounts, it should have been the perfect recipe for an ideal afternoon at the park. Unfortunately for Senko, even the best days can’t be enjoyed when you’re too busy trying not to pee yourself.

Sitting atop her legs on the picnic cloth with her knees in front, Senko kept her eyes on Nakano as he sipped from a cup of tea. There was a good reason why her hands were hidden underneath the tail curled around her torso.

"Ah…" Nakano sighed as the cup left his lips. "You always make such good tea, Senko-san." He looked over to her with a smile.

"I'm… glad to hear you like it!" Senko smiled in return. She prayed there was not a trace of tension on her face, for there was certainly a lot of it down below.

“Yeah, Senko does make the best tea in the spirit world,” Shiro said, also seated with her hands beneath her white tail. “You know, I feel that the girl who makes the tea should be the one who enjoys the most of it." She leaned in with a coy grin. "So how about you help yourself to the last cup?"

"Er…" Senko looked away, her face twitching. She and Shiro had been keeping up with drinking tea even out here with Nakano. At this point, she had enough to make her not want any tea for at least a week, her bladder proving a constant and painful reminder of such.

"Hmm? That's… strangely nice of you, Shiro-san," said Nakano.

"Hey, I can be courteous and caring and all that stuff, too!" Shiro crossed her arms and huffed. A second later, her eyes opened and hands went back under her tail.

"...R-regardless, the one who makes tea for others should never take most of it for themselves. It's very inconsiderate," said Senko. "You should have the last cup, Shiro. You are our guest for today, after all."

"No!" Shiro yelled, only to look away rather sheepishly. "I mean, I'm good. Fried tofu and sweet rice balls always fill me up like crazy."

Senko frowned. As far as lies went, that had to be the most obvious one Shiro had told yet.

"Hmm… well, I have an idea." Nakano grabbed the pitcher and poured it into his cup, helping himself to what remained of the tea.

Senko wanted to smile in the little relief this brought her, but then saw Shiro looking rather worriedly at Nakano.

"Hmm?"

Nakano stopped drinking, his face going blank.

"Kuroto? What's wrong?" asked Senko. What has Shiro done now?

"Er, it's a bit embarrassing, but…" He looked away with an awkward smile while his free hand moved to between his crossed legs. "Is there a restroom nearby? It just hit me all of a sudden."

"Restroom?" Perhaps out of sympathy, Senko felt another wave of pressure from her bladder, forcing her to suppress a wince. "Um, not to worry! I remember we passed one on the way here. I'll take you right there!"

She stood up, gritting her teeth from the sudden shift in pressure causing her more pain, and took Nakano's hand. "Come on, this way!"

"I… better come, too," said Shiro, only barely hiding her own pain as she got to her feet. "Just to… make sure he makes it to the bathroom and such."

And that I don't use it. Senko guessed that's what Shiro wanted to say. Then again, maybe she was going to call it quits and use the toilet herself. Wishful thinking, maybe, but the sooner the contest was over, the better.

No matter what, Nakano came first. Senko pulled him along, quickly but not so much that it would upset his bladder too much. That, and she couldn't walk that fast without upsetting her own. It was tough to walk without her own legs wanting to squeeze together. She wouldn't dare try that with him in plain sight, but it remained oh-so-tempting of an idea for the whole walk.

As Senko promised, they reached the park’s facilities within a minute. Upon reaching the divide between the men’s and women’s rooms, Nakano broke free of her grasp and rushed inside, muttering only a quick “Thank you, Senko-san!” along the way.

"Be sure to clean up after yourself!" she yelled before he disappeared around the walls.

Now free from his sight, Senko rubbed a knee over her other leg, a mere moment of reprieve she would gladly take.

"Pfft, I knew humans had small bladders, but I didn't think they were that small," remarked Shiro. "How do they get anything done if they're running to the toilet all the time?"

"Shiro…" Senko turned around to face her. "Kuroto is not the kind of person to wait until the last minute to use the bathroom. His need completely caught him off guard."

"Yeah, so what?"

Senko's eyes narrowed. "I saw the look you gave him when he reached for the last cup of tea. You weren't just disappointed that I didn't drink it, were you?"

"W-what do you mean? You think I had something to do with it? I… I don't have control over that!" Her eyes darted back and forth.

It only took a couple seconds of being under Senko's disapproving, unamused gaze for Shiro to cross her arms and groan. "Ugh, fine, I confess. I might have gotten impatient and wanted to get this contest over with, so I…”

“You what?”

“While you were making tofu and stuff, I grabbed some of that powder from the spirit world that makes you have to pee, and sprinkled some of it in the tea pitcher.”

“U-uyan!?” Senko was beginning to worry her face was going to be stuck in a permanent shocked expression if these surprises kept up. “Shiro, how could you be so irresponsible? No wonder Kuroto had to go all of a sudden!" Not to mention she tried to cheat!

"Hey, I made sure it wasn't poisonous to humans or anything like that. Plus, I had to drink it, too. It was all in the same pitcher." Shiro punctuated by crossing her legs and squeezing her fists. "This stuff works like crazy, gotta admit."

Seeing her rival in a desperate state was a little comforting. If only she hadn't just been told she'd been drinking diuretic-laced tea this whole time. That bit of knowledge was enough to shake her resolve a good bit. Her bloated bladder was only going to become more so, and much faster than ever.

In her moment of weakness, Senko found her eyes drifting over to the doorway leading into the ladies' room. Within seconds, she could be in there putting this problem behind her, or rather underneath her into a toilet, and very forcefully at that.

"Well, what are you waiting for?"

Senko gasped and turned to Shiro. In hindsight, she probably should have expected this.

"It's right there," she continued, motioning to the ladies room. "All you have to do is plant yourself on one of the seats inside, and your troubles will be all over. You know you want to!”

As much as she didn't want to admit, Senko didn't know if she could refuse Shiro's offer a second time. Her muscles ached so much, practically begging her to let go and relieve herself of all that pain, pressure, and pee. She already was imagining herself running in there, getting into position, and-

"Eep!"

Shiro's squeak ended her vision before it could go too far. Senko looked over and found that her junior had suddenly gone rigid, her cheeks turning a light red with her hands firmly at the sides of her closed legs.

Once again, a spark of hope lit up in Senko's mind. Was Shiro about to make herself lose? There wasn't any urine on the ground or outside her clothes, but it was unlikely that she hadn't let out a little bit just now. Maybe she just needed a little extra push in the right direction.

"Shiro, please." Senko lifted a hand in concern. "You really shouldn't hold it in any longer. Go ahead and-"

"No!" Shiro interrupted, putting on her biggest determined face yet. "I… I'm not doing anything until you go first!"

"Go where?"

"Uyan!?" Senko and Shiro stood upright with blank faces at Nakano. Even fox spirits could be startled by humans when distracted by a full bladder.

"Um, uh…" The girls' eyes darted about. "Go… back home!" Shiro declared in a forced grin.

"You… want to go back home?" asked Nakano.

"Um, Shiro was just talking about wanting to play video games with you. She's been practicing all day," said Senko.

"Really? I don't think you'd have to practice to beat me. You're already way better than I am."

"Yeah, what are you talking abou-" Shiro gasped, then immediately put on a cocky grin. "I mean, I need to remind you humans who the real gaming masters are, lest you forget!"

"Er…" Nakano rubbed the back of his head. "Alright, we can head home now if that's what you want."

"Mm! Then we better pack up our picnic and be on our way," said Senko. She smiled, but was disappointed on the inside. Bursting bladder aside, it was a pretty pleasant time. She'd have to arrange another picnic someday, preferably without any distracting contests to worry about.

Thus, all three departed from the restrooms with only one emptied bladder among them. Senko and Shiro may have been all smiles as they walked with Nakano, but they were anything but happy on the inside. The contest, and resulting agony and stress, would continue on for a while yet, and all they could do was hope the other girl would give out first.

“Mmm… Nngh… Uyan...”

These were the kinds of noises Senko and Shiro made to themselves as they walked behind Nakano. With every step and sway of their hips, their bursting bladders let off another pulse of pain, a constant reminder that release would be happening soon whether they liked it or not.

Senko knew she was approaching her very limits. This pressure felt very much like it did on that night, shortly before she jumped up to run to the bathroom and disaster struck. They weren’t even halfway back to the apartment when Senko decided she had had enough. The toilet would be her first destination whether she won this contest or not.

Speaking of, she looked at Shiro, who grit her teeth and clenched her fists as she walked with a very stilted gait. Senko wasn't sure exactly how this girl was able to hold so much in that small frame of hers, but the fact that she had managed to last so long was an accomplishment in itself. Shiro deserved to win this contest, even if she would gloat about it for the next century or so.

At least it would be over soon, either way. As they all rounded the block, Nakano's apartment finally appeared before them. With relief in sight, Senko felt a powerful urge to break into a sprint to the toilet, held back only by her dwindling self-restraint. At her side, she could have sworn Shiro muttered something under her breath. Senko didn't know if it was all that important now; her mind was only focused on one thing.

The short walk to the stairs felt like a mile, every step being agony on her overtaxed groin muscles. Slowly but surely, however, they were getting closer. She just had to keep her focus on the back of Nakano's head as he walked forward, leading the way to the stairs, where he would head up, unlock the front door, and then…

Why was he stopping in front of the steps?

"Er, Kuroto?" asked Senko, trying her hardest to not sound pained. "Is something the matter?"

"Hey, we didn't say you could stop moving!" said Shiro.

Nakano paused to take a breath before turning to face them. "Before we head up, could I ask what's been going on with you two?"

"Eep!” Both Senko and Shiro’s faces lit up in panic for just a moment. “W-what do you mean?" asked Senko.

"You've both been acting off ever since I came home early. I thought maybe I was imagining things, but even at the park, your behavior was… not normal."

"Y-you're just imagining things," said Shiro. "Trying to stall me from beating you at video games again. Now move it!"

"I just want to know if everything is okay. I didn't interrupt something important between you, did I?"

"N-no!" blurted Senko. "Not at all. The truth is… um, well…" In a rare moment, Senko had not thought out anything before she spoke. She couldn’t tell him the truth, but despised lying to him as well; even if she didn’t, there was little chance she could think up a convincing fib so quickly and with such a distracted mind. Seconds passed like hours in the ensuing awkward silence, with Senko internally begging for anything to change and get them out of there.

It was a wish she would regret making.

"Gah!"

"Uyan!"

It was like a switch suddenly flipped on both Senko and Shiro. Their facades broke in an instant as a spurt dribbled from between both sets of legs, hitting the pavement at their feet. Their hands crammed into their groins and tails stuck straight up and frayed out like startled cats.

"G-girls!? What's going on?" asked an incredulous Nakano.

"Aah, I can’t! It’s c-coming now!” Shiro whined.

“T-toilet!” said Senko.

At once, both girls rushed past Nakano, leaving him in confusion as they climbed the stairs as fast as they could. The contest didn't matter a single bit to either kitsune anymore. All they knew was they were moments from peeing and needed to get to the bathroom post-haste.

Climbing the last flight of stairs, Senko and Shiro bolted for the door to Nakano's apartment. Only now did they realize that he was the one with the key to let them in, but they simply didn't have time to wait. A more magical approach would have to do.

Not even breaking stride, Senko and Shiro ran at full speed towards the locked door. Rather than smack right into it, they passed straight through with a glow of light, the portals closing behind them just as their tails pulled through.

Nakano's dark and quiet front room greeted both of them. The bathroom door was just a few meters away. With true relief only a little further, neither of them wasted any time in taking a step forward.

"Aah!" It seemed the strain of utilizing magic proved a little too much for their bladders. Another dribble escaped from them, going into Senko's undergarments and onto Shiro's leg. Worse still, it wouldn’t stop for either of them, continuing to slowly leak out. It was coming whether they liked it or not, and all they could control was where it happened.

Senko was the first to rush forward, slipping out of her sandals with ease. Shiro followed just behind, leaving a faint trail of piddle as she ran. Despite the pain and extra spurt into her undergarments, Senko lifted a hand from her groin and pulled the toilet door open, throwing herself inside.

"W-wait, Senko!" She saw Shiro's beet-red and desperate face mere inches from her before slamming the door shut.

"Sorry, one at a time!" Senko yelled.

"No, you can't!" Shiro pounded on the door, feeling the hand in her crotch growing wetter by the second. "Senkooooo, please! I can't… I, I'm gonna…"

She never finished the sentence. Instead, her voice petered into a squeak, for that was the exact moment that what little hold she had left finally gave out.

Without any undergarments, there was nothing to absorb any of the tidal wave of gold that burst forth. A loud hiss immediately formed as her skirt and hand became drenched with warm, staining urine. Streams and drops fell from everywhere they could, running down her legs clenched from the knees up, and then raining onto the floor with a thunderous volume. Her purple thigh-high socks grew dark from several streaks of pee running all the way to her feet. A large puddle quickly formed on the tile underneath her, ensuring the bottoms of her feet were thoroughly soaked.

Despite the gross warmth, strong smell, and distinct sounds all over her lower half, Shiro could not believe what was happening at first. A demigod fox peeing herself? Impossible! Even with all her close calls before, the last time she had an accident was centuries ago as a little kid. But she wasn't a kid anymore, she was the Great Shiro! How could this plan of hers ever go so wrong?

But, as her bladder continued to empty and tarnish everything below the belt, Shiro felt the weight of her failure sap away the strength in her legs. Her hand slid down the door as she slowly collapsed onto her knees, the fronts of her socks becoming saturated in the puddle. Even worse, her tail drooped to the floor, where it proceeded to absorb some of the puddle into its white fur. Her vision became blurred with tears forming in the corners of her eyes.

She would remain here for the rest of her accident, panting and whimpering while her hand firmly remained on her groin, as though there was any chance she could regain control of herself. "Ha… ah… ooohhhhh…."

On the other side of the door, Senko felt her hold slipping away further, the urine now seeping through her panties and falling onto the floor. She was out of time, and turning her head to look at the squat toilet, the promise of relief only made her leak widen that much more.

With all the strength she could muster, Senko waddled over to the heavenly waters, every step feeling like wet agony as she had to push herself to keep it in for just that little bit longer. By the time she reached the last step before the toilet, she could feel a drop running down the side of each leg, giving her more reason than ever to whimper and worry.

Even with pee dribbling out of her, Senko paused for just a moment at the toilet, gathering up the last of her energy for the proper maneuver she needed to execute. At the same time, she set her left foot to the side of the toilet, then the right, so she stood directly over the bowl.

Her next step was to quickly lift her dress and grab at her underwear, bringing them down as she squatted in one fluid motion. She pulled her hands away from her groin, the front of her skirt having a faint wet spot, and reached for the sides to do just that.

"Eh!?"

Perhaps it was the result of holding on for far too long, or the stress of the last few days, or simply knowing it wouldn't have mattered all that much. No matter the reason, the moment Senko was over the toilet, her body seemingly felt this was good enough. The strength in her legs fell away to the bare minimum, just enough to keep her standing, but not enough to lower into a squat. Her arms locked in place as well, keeping her long skirt somewhat lifted and pulled to the sides.

At the same time, what little hold her groin was still managing finally gave out, Senko's long-awaited pee began in earnest.

The little dribble that had been leaking out of her panties bloomed into a strong and chaotic spray, golden water all but flying out in every downward direction possible. An impressive splatter of drops and streams crashed into the waters below, replacing the transparent blue with murky yellow within seconds. A cacophony of splashing and hissing hit her ears, nearly drowning out her own panting.

Alas, the bowl was not the only thing to be graced by the divine waters of a demigod. For as much pee was going into the water, just as much splattered against the sides, forming small puddles on each end. This included the rivulets running down Senko's legs, coating bare skin with a pungent warmth that especially offended her honed sense of smell. Her white socks became damp and stained, clinging to the bottoms of her feet as they pooled around. Even her skirt, lifted and pulled away, was not fully spared from wayward drops.

Looking down and watching it all from above, Senko couldn’t escape it; this “barely made it” pee of hers was just as much of an accident. Despite her very best, she was still defiling herself and the floor beneath her, the gross sensations of her unfortunate night back in full force. That some of it happened to hit its target offered only a slight amount of comfort. The sole silver lining she could really see was that Nakano was not here to witness it this time. This moment of shame was happening in private, at least for the time being.

Senko lowered her head and closed her eyes, letting out a moan expressing equal amounts of relief and disgrace. That awful pressure was finally leaving her, but not in a way that was even slightly acceptable for her. Once again, she was gonna have to clean up an embarrassing liquid, and she had no one to blame but herself. Well, maybe Shiro was a little at fault, but Senko was still the one who had agreed to this ridiculous idea. In a way, this was exactly the punishment she deserved for taking part in such a crude, undignified contest.

Her eyes did not open again until she felt the last of her pee being pushed out, the spray below dying away like a faucet being turned off. The bathroom became quiet, with only the sounds of the occasional drop falling into the bowl and Senko’s labored breath breaking the silence. It was hard to judge, but if Senko had to guess, this pee would have dwarfed her other accident had it all been on the floor.

But that was hardly important. All Senko knew was she felt gross, humiliated, exhausted, and ashamed, wanting to run and hide away forever. She couldn't do that, though; she was a pampering fox, and would complete her duties no matter how awful she felt.

First, she would have to clean herself, just enough to track as little pee as possible. Senko pulled off her socks and panties, shook her skirt loose of any drops, and wiped her legs and crotch as dry as she could. She was still far from presentable, especially now that she was going commando, but it would do until she got this mess cleaned up. At least my tail didn't get wet this time…

Something else got wet, though: her bare foot, as it stepped on the tile just before the door. A shiver went from her foot up her spine, but it wasn't until she looked down that the shock really hit.

Below her was a puddle of yellow, pooling in from under the door. Suddenly, Senko remembered the other girl bursting for the bathroom. She pulled the door open, knowing what to expect, but being horrified all the same.

There was Shiro, kneeling in a massive puddle of her own making and looking as though she could cry at the drop of a hat. If Senko needed more reason to feel bad about today, looking into her junior’s broken eyes would accomplish just that.

It only got worse. The sound of a door opening pulled her attention again. There was Nakano, looking as confused as ever, even more so when his eyes drifted to the fox sitting in her pee that practically touched both opposing walls, such was its spread.

Senko could only look like a kid being caught by their parents after making a big mess. She hadn't thought at all about how she was going to explain this to him. It was hard to even think straight with the smell and cling of waste on her. She needed more time, if only for the shock to settle.

"K-Kuroto," she said with a shaky voice.

"Senko-san, what happened here?" He asked, walking up to them.

"Wait." She held up a hand, bringing him to a stop. "I promise I will explain everything, but I need to get everything cleaned up first."

Nakano looked between the two girls, seeing not just Shiro's obvious mess, but Senko's lack of socks and wet patch on her skirt, along with the shame in her eyes. He nodded and said, "Okay. Do what you need to. I'll be out here if you need me."

Still so understanding, even when faced with a big mess. There was a reason why Senko chose to look after him. "Thank you," she said and bowed, then turned and gently grabbed Shiro by the shoulders. "Come on, you should head straight to the bath. I'll join you once I've mopped up our messes."

"S-so wet. So gross…" Shiro mumbled as she was pulled up to her shaky legs. It was only now that she noticed her tail feeling a bit heavier and leaving a trail of drips behind her on the way to the bath. There would be a lot of scrubbing to make sure her white tail remained that way.

Meanwhile, Senko tried her best to stay strong, even when she only wanted to break down like her friend. Save it for the bath, she told herself. She would need this time to get clean and think of how she would find the courage to explain this to Nakano.

“A… holding contest?”

Nakano looked rather bewildered at the two foxgirls kneeling on the floor before him. Now that both cleanup and bathtime were over, Senko was dressed in her sleep robe while Shiro only had a towel wrapped around her torso for modesty. Neither girl looked him in the eyes.

“I still like to think I won it… somehow,” said Shiro.

“I think we’re way past the point of that mattering,” said Senko in a deflated tone.

“I admit I don’t understand the first thing about the nature of demigods, but I’m still at a loss here,” said Nakano. “What exactly led to this? This isn’t a game that spirits normally play, is it?”

“Kuroto, do you really take me for that kind of girl?” A crushed Senko slouched in shame, feeling a large weight dragging her down.

Nakano blushed at his words. "Er, let me try that again. Did this have anything to do with your, uh, incident a few nights ago?"

“You know, you should be thanking me,” said Shiro. “Senko was still hung up about her accident, so I wanted to show her that she could still be a good housekeeper and stuff!"

"Really?" He looked to Senko, who had been giving Shiro her version of the stink eye. "Is this true?"

"Uyan…" Senko's ears dropped. "It's true. The first part, at least. I was worried you might have thought less of me after what happened, and then I let Shiro talk me into this contest. I knew it wasn't a good idea, but…" she glanced away.

"Senko-san…"

"I had to prove it to myself." She looked him in the eyes. "Prove that my accident didn't mean I was unworthy of being a caretaker… of being your caretaker. Instead, I just made another mess to clean up. Some helpful fox I am, aren't I?"

Senko lowered her head, unworthy to look at him any further. Her fate was in his hands now, and she would accept whatever his judgment would be.

"Hmm… it's true that this makes your second mishap in only a few days' time," said Nakano, rubbing his chin. "And the same incident, no less. If this was a maid service, you would certainly be up for a long review, perhaps even a cut to your salary.”

"Wait, humans pay to be served?" asked Shiro, "Jazzko never brought that up with me. I could've made a fortune by now!"

What would you do with money in the first place? Senko thought.

"But…" Nakano knelt down to their eye level. "Senko-san, this isn't like a job. You don't have to worry about losing your position or anything like that. You've been wonderful to me ever since you showed up. I wouldn't dream of replacing someone as caring and hard-working as you, especially not for a little mistake like this."

"K-Kuroto…"

"Please promise me that you won't do another stunt like this just to prove something. You have nothing to prove to yourself, or to me."

Some days, Senko wondered if she truly deserved someone like Nakano. She slowly looked back at him, a faint smile forming on her lips. “Mm, I promise. No more silliness with my bladder anymore.”

Nakano returned her smile. “I’m happy to hear that. Do you feel a little better now?”

“A little bit, but…” Senko frowned. “It doesn’t feel right somehow.”

“What do you mean?”

“I know it’s not a proper job, but I don’t think I should be let off so easily for making the same mistake twice.”

“Wait, so you’re… asking to be punished?” said Nakano.

Senko bowed and said, “I will accept whatever punishment you deem fit for Shiro and me.”

“Wait, me too!?” Shiro balked, ready to voice her objection more until a stern look from Senko convinced her otherwise. “Ugh, fine. I guess I deserve it.”

“Hmm…” Nakano stood up, placing a hand to his chin. For a moment, Senko wondered if he would actually punish them for anything. He wasn’t the kind of person who would hurt a fly.

"Alright, I've decided!"

Senko and Shiro looked up with worry. "Y-you have?" asked Senko.

"This ought to be fun," groaned Shiro.

"For your punishment tonight…" Nakano paused for dramatic effect, then raised his hands as though he was about to grab something. A wry smile formed that made goosebumps grow on each girl. "Extra fluffy-fluffy time!" he declared with childish glee.

"Uyan!?"

"W-whaaaaaat!?"

The perfectly-kept tails of Senko and Shiro flared up as horrified stares came over them.

"I need to make sure your tails are properly clean and dry. Now then, should we sit here or on the bed?"

"No!" Shiro jumped up and before Nakano could move an inch, mouth agape in panic. "I'll never let a human touch my tail!"

Nakano dropped his smile and hands. "Shiro, I-"

"Stay away from me, you creep!" Shiro leapt back again, making both Nakano and Senko gasp, but for a very different reason.

As Shiro didn't wear towels often, the knot she tied was a bit too loose to handle sudden movements. It slipped and fell to the ground, leaving the fox girl in all her natural glory in the living room. Both Senko and Nakano felt a red heat growing on their faces, having been exposed to a view neither were prepared for.

It only took Shiro a second to notice how drafty she suddenly felt. Glancing down, her face burned bright to match the other two’s blushes. There was a fine line between exposing herself willingly and accidentally giving a human a view they weren’t worthy of.

“Eeeeyaaaaahhhhh!” Shiro immediately turned and bolted towards the wall behind the bed. Nakano and Senko were treated to a second of bare kitsune bottom before she vanished through the wall in a flash of light, not to be seen again for the rest of the day.

The room fell quiet for a few seconds before anyone spoke. “I… was joking about the tail-petting,” said Nakano.

"That was mean, you know," said Senko. Even if she might have brought it on herself today.

"Mmm, I'll have to apologize to her next time we meet." Nakano looked around and scratched his chin. "So, uh, what do we do now? It feels like I’ve been through an entire day, but it’s not even sundown yet."

Senko sighed and moved to the bed. "Guess I better get my punishment over with."

"Wait, what?" asked Nakano.

He got his answer when Senko sat down and raised her tail, perfectly fluffed and dried, in his direction. "Go on, you know you want to."

"Are you sure about this? You've had a rough day. I wouldn't want to force you to do something like this."

"It's fine. Having my tail touched will be the least embarrassing thing that happens to me today."

Nakano's eyes followed the tip of Senko's tail as it flicked back and forth. "Uh, well, if you insist," he said, sitting down. He lifted a hand and gingerly placed it on the bushiest part.

Senko stifled a squeak as Nakano, incorrigible as always, worked his fingers through her fur. It seemed that her massive hold today had once more left her tail particularly sensitive. This was likely going to be a short petting session, as she doubted she would last long before… well, it wouldn’t end with her peeing herself this time, thankfully.

Speaking of embarrassing, Senko couldn’t help but think of Shiro. The poor girl ended up stark naked in front of good friends, but she still had to wonder who really had it worse off today. Shiro didn't have to have such a sacred part of her handled by a human, even if Nakano's ministrations weren't exactly unpleasant. Either way, Senko hoped Shiro had learned something today just like she did. Neither of them would be piddling around again anytime soon, that was for sure.

“Gah!”

Shiro’s feet landed on cold tile as the portal closed behind her. She knew humans couldn't follow her through walls, but ran through two sets of them just to be sure she was safe from the grabby hands of the lecherous Nakano. Pulling her tail to her chest like a child with a stuffed animal, Shiro groaned. “The nerve of some humans,” she griped to herself.

With that out of the way, Shiro could refocus on the main reason for her sour mood. She’d never admit it out loud, but today had backfired on her spectacularly. She wanted nothing more than to stay here and keep hugging her tail in solitude, hoping that she would wake up to find it was just a bad dream.

“Sh-Shiro!?”

“Eh!?” Shiro’s eyes snapped open. She was definitely not dreaming, and certainly not alone. Turning her head, she quickly realized where she was and who was with her.

Sitting next to her in the cramped room was Koenji, who looked upon Shiro with wide-open, sleep-deprived eyes. More than that, she was sitting on her custom-installed Western-style toilet with her shorts and panties pulled past her knees, her legs closed together for modesty.

"Jazzko!?" Only now did Shiro realize exactly where she had warped into.

"H-how did you get in my toilet!?" said Koenji. "And why are you naked!?"

“Um… uh…” Shiro’s eyes darted about. She had remembered Nakano and Senko asking her to avoid using any of her powers around other humans. Not that she cared normally, but this was another mistake on top of her big screw-up today, a real blow to her ego. Plus, she really didn’t want to explain exactly what led her to be in the buff in someone else’s water closet.

Without a response, Koenji looked downwards. “And yet your ears and tail are still on you, plus my door was locked. It’s like you’re… you’re… ah!”

Koenji’s face lit up as though she had reached an epiphany. The words “Oh crap!” went through Shiro’s mind; had she just blown a big secret, at least one that other people cared about?

But then Koenji’s open mouth lifted into a smile, and her eyes drooped to a half-lid. A sigh left her lips as the sound of water trickling into water filled the cramped room, coupled with a faint hiss as it grew stronger.

“Yep, I'm definitely seeing things again. Need some shut-eye after this,” mumbled Koenji, letting her eyes fall shut as she enjoyed her tinkle, even if she had an audience.

Meanwhile, Shiro groaned and turned her head away, not wanting to watch someone else on the throne. "Am I the only one who didn't get the toilet today?"

"Hmm-hmm-hmm, that worked much better than I expected."

Far above in the sacred realm, the great fox spirit Yozora chuckled as she reclined in her luxurious lounging chair, lightly swirling a cup of sake in her hand. She had been watching over Senko and Shiro’s misadventures all day with a knowing smile. Of course Shiro would pull a stunt like this after learning about Senko’s accident, inevitably leading to a lesson of humility for the brash girl. However, for Senko to end up learning another lesson as well… even Yozora had to admit, she sometimes surprised herself with how well her plans worked.

Pleased with her work, Yozora was content to lie down and enjoy some pleasant sleep. However, her smile drooped as she finally took notice of something that would keep her from getting that sleep: a pesky pressure within her groin. After watching her two understudies hold it all day, it was finally time for Yozora to relieve herself as well, if she was to get any good rest.

Sitting back up, she swung her legs to the side and spread them wide. With her free hand, she lifted up the little bit of robe keeping her modest down there and parted the gates of her most sacred shrine, baring a most magnificent sight if anyone were around to see.

In this position, Yozora couldn’t and didn’t want to hold back the coming flood. She pushed out a powerful, robust, golden spray, arcing it up into the air before raining down onto the cloud floor a few feet away. A strong hiss akin to the spray of a fire hose filled the surrounding air, further conveying the power of her relief.

Yozora smiled and sighed as she watched her pee flying out of her and absorbing into the clouds with a muffled noise. Even something as crude and basic as emptying her bladder gave her a little sense of satisfaction, especially when it left such a pleasant feeling in its wake.

She would remain here, taking in the pleasure of a good pee for the next several minutes, for the bladder of a demigod was nothing to make light of. Even as the cloud below turned darker and more golden, no doubt ready to empty its contents onto the earth before much longer, Yozora smiled without a care in the world, even pausing to take a sip of sake every now and then. She had earned this relief, and would enjoy every second of it like a true goddess would.

(A/N: And that's it, likely the last Senko-san story I will write, barring any potential second anime seasons. With this, I am going to be stepping back from writing for a while, not just for health-related reasons, but also because this holiday season is shaping up to be a very chaotic one, and I doubt I'd be able to get anything substantial out with the little free time I'll have. I'll still hang around the site, so feel free to send me messages and stuff. Until next time!)
