Hunger Games

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-04-21 08:30

Let's be honest, this was inevitable, but I'll keep this post short so I don't bore you too long if this doesn't fly also Katniss will be replaced with the identical in appearance and talent, Kalyne to keep myself from ruining her character, just in case. Also fair warning, this contains messing and slight changes from the storyline.

I found myself shaking from nerves as I sat in the launch room with Cinna, my bladder bulged slightly behind my green t-shirt. My wardrobe would be significantly less amazing than the other uniforms I had worn since I volunteered in place of Prim. I donned a dark brown jacket, brown pants and brown boots. The only thing that reminded me of the past few days, and not the inevitable gloom that would soon appear was my golden mocking jay pin and the flame designs on my finger nails.

I took my place on the silver platform and waited for the 74th annual hunger games to begin. I felt sick to my stomach. My bladder was aching and my bowels needed to be emptied, but I didn't want to risk missing my cue, much to the displeasure of the concerned Cinna.

"Are you ready?" He asked me slowly. I shook my head, tears threatening to burst from my eyes, but I had to remain strong if there was any chance of me surviving. I bit my lower lip softly and balled my hands into fists, my knuckles turning white. Get a bow and use the bathroom, get a bow and use the bathroom. The words repeated in my head, like a recording on a loop, only it seemed as time progressed the phrase use the bathroom. was repeated more frequently and frequently until it was my only thought and the platform began to rise.

I knew I'd have to journey far into the forest to manage to find a bush to relieve myself in, but I was desperate, beside my "mentor" instructed me to get far enough into the woods to escape the blood brawl. Haymitch's other advice repeated in my head. Get water. The thought of water only increased my urge to go and I was so wrapped up in my thoughts I almost didn't hear the games begin, or see the sexy Glimmer retrieve the silver bow and arrow. Almost, but I did. envy panged almost as harshly as my bladder, but survival instincts took over. I forced my self forward, clumsily pulling a square piece of plastic from the ground and running towards the woods.

I noticed an orange back pack a few yards to my right, and I risked it. I couldn't bear to go without something half way decent. I sprinted over to the bright pack, contemplating how I would keep it from giving me away. I snatched it up by one strap just as another tribute snapped it up from the other. I looked him dead in the eye, just as he fell over dead in front of me. My stomach lurched as i tore the back pack from his dead grasp and took off running, a knife plunging itself into my pack as I entered the woods. I forced myself to sprint through the thick foliage, disoriented and desperate as ever. I needed to put distance between myself and the other tributes if I intended to survive the first day.

I kept rushing forward till I moved with a mixture of exhausted jogging and large strides of walking. It wasn't until dusk that I gave my sore feet a break. My calves were sore and my feet felt agonized, I felt my panties damp from dribbles of urine. I need a bathroom. I thought as I felt my butt cheeks clench tightly in an attempt to keep myself from soiling myself further. My urethra burned as urine threatened to flow into my pants. My eyes surveyed my surroundings only to find that cameras littered every angle. There was absolutely no place to use the bathroom without it being shown on live television, they never actually showed tributes use the bathroom, but I knew the game makers would see, and that was enough for me to find a more secluded area.

I kept walking only now my lower abdomen felt like it was on fire. The girl who's bowels were on fire. I thought with bitter sarcasm. My butt burned as badly as my urethra and I walked with my knees pressed tightly together and my thighs quivering. I was hunchbacked from constant doubling over in pain. Beads of sweat ran down my brow as I bit my lip so hard it began to bled. Finally I found myself immobilized from the need to relieve myself.

I was frozen with drops of urine dribbling into my panties and feces forcing its way out. I tried to control my needs, but I felt more urine drops run down my thighs, a feces pressing against my panties and I doubled over as the need became so intense I bit down on my tongue to keep from crying out. Then my bowels burst, I felt myself defecate violently into my panties as hot pee gushed from my crotch, a heart shaped stain quickly forming on my front as the pee streamed down my thighs speedily. I felt the butt of my pants grow heavy as it filled with scat and my legs grow warm as urine soaked my inner thighs and the back of my calves before pooling around my boots where the ground greedily swallowed it up. The scat slithered down the back of my thighs, leaving a smelly brown trails as it smeared against my brown pants, leaving a darker shade of brown whereas the urine turned the pants almost black as it continued to run down my legs.

Finally when I finished soiling my pants maybe five minutes later I nearly fainted from the pain of holding it all in. I fell to the ground my face red with mortification. I could only imagine what Gale would say about this, and Perry (Peeta is also an OC) the boy who supposedly loved me. I sobbed softly. I grabbed my pack and unzipped it and hoped for a change of clothes, knowing I'd have to wait till tomorrow when all the tributes would gain new clothes. (Also my own idea)

Inside was toilet paper, iodine an empty flask of water and a sleeping bag. I groaned and new what I had to do. I set up the sleeping bag to keep me buckled up in the tree before I stripped naked, most likely on camera and then wiped myself up with the toilet paper before expelling them away further from my camp, risking the plight entirely nude. Then I clambered into my sleeping back naked and cold. However the sleeping bag kept me warm and I fell asleep, knowing the anthem would wake me up.

*005*2012-04-22 01:52

Wow, thanks for all the positive feedback. I intend to post an update to the story no later than tomorrow:)

*006*2012-04-22 04:57

I know, I know its short but i intend to keep the uploads frequent. I hope you enjoy it and please post your feedback.

I woke up to the sound of another cannon, another tribute dead. I felt sick to my stomach, wondering who died. Please don't be Perry. Where had that thought come from? I didn't have much time to think before I heard voices nearby.

"I say we just leave lover boy now. He hasn't managed to find the girl and we will obviously run into her sooner or later." A male voice said, I recognized it as the career tribute Cato.

"relax, its only been a day, we have plenty of time before we have to slaughter the bread boy." Glimmer's voice rang out, even her voice was sexy. Must be great, being the favorite among the boys, not worrying about keeping your family alive. I thought harshly as they gathered beneath my tree. I held my breath and hoped my back pack wouldn't be noticed from behind the bush. I found my bladder growing full again, I knew with all the urine I was losing I'd need to refill my body soon. I already felt a slight dryness at the back of my throat, but for now I focused on the four tributes beneath me.

"Here he comes, shut up." One of the other tributes I didn't recognize spoke. Soon I saw Perry approach the group and I wished so desperately I could cry out, tell him to run the other way. I don't want to watch him die. I thought sadly. But what happened next sent me through a loop."

"I finished her off." He said solemnly to the group. Suddenly it all clicked, he was lover boy and they wanted to kill me. Suddenly I was angry. He had said he loved me, now he was leading a blood thirsty group straight to me? I felt my face grow hot with anger, I reflexively reached for arrows I didn't have. More anger boiled up as I stared down at Glimmer's quiver and bow.

"The anthem should play soon." Cato spoke, "let's make sure you actually killed her and didn't just get hit with timely luck." He said. with more intelligence I expected coming from the tank of a kid.

I felt my bladder grow fuller and fuller still and I was biting my lip to keep from fidgeting. My flame encrusted nails of my finger plunged into my clitoris, attempting to pinch shut my urethra. I stared down at them, willing them to move with desperate hope. No such luck, and soon the anthem played. They all focused their eyes at the sky, only yards from my position, I attempted to burrow deeper into my sleeping bag. I found myself squirming still after I concealed myself nearly completely, my eyes peered outwards to the sky. I shifted my weight side to side for a moment, the bag rustled slightly and I forced myself to stop. My thighs were clenched as tight as possible, my urethra quivered from beneath my finger tips as my eyes felt with tears.

I slowly wrapped my calves around each other and tried not to squirm but as the need progressed I realized the futility of it and I suppressed a sob as I knew what I had to do. I felt the urine slowly slip past my finger tips as I drew my hand away and unwrapped my legs. The urine ran down my bear legs and began to pool in the bag. there was a faint hiss as the end of the anthem played and suddenly all my bladder burst into the bag and I found myself laying in a warm puddle. The tributes below stood up and slowly walked away while I was left hanging there in a soaked sleeping bag, completely naked. Once they were long gone I dropped down to the ground naked and dumped out my sleeping bag and wasted the entire roll of toilet paper wiping it up, finally when it was damp enough to sleep in, I flashed a knowing smile at the camera, my mortified blush hidden in the darkness and set up camp once again and fell asleep instantly, preparing for tomorrow.

I woke up early the next morning with the scent of ammonia practically suffocating me. I leaped down from the tree, taking the bag with me and dropped some iodine into it, hoping some how it would clean the bag somewhat. I squat to the ground still naked and emptied my bladder, the urine to fell out was a golden brown and I knew I was in trouble. I looked forward to find a silver parachute covering a box, obviously containing new clothes. I quickly opened it up to fine dark green tights, a black t-shirt and a diaper. I stared at the diaper in shock for a moment before turning to the camera.

"I don't find this funny." I practically growled. "Haymitch if this is a joke..." I stopped, I knew I could potentially lose sponsors besides my throat was dry and extremely sore. I sighed and tossed the diaper into my bag and before slipping the tights on with a little difficulty. They hugged my legs tightly, but gave me plenty of flexibility, I slipped my boots on and set off. I hadn't made it far, before I began to find myself growing fatigued. My legs were still sore and my body begged to be hydrated. I felt every fiber of my being grow weak.

"Haymitch!" I cried to the sky, hoping he was watching his protege die. "I'm sorry!, I need water!" It was stupid to cry out but I needed the water, besides the shout was barely more than a muffled sob. I collapsed to the ground for a moment, waiting, hoping for a parcel to arrive with water. It never came. I'm sure if I had water in my body, tears would flow, but instead I was left with a choking noise as I forced myself to my feet. I practically dragged myself forward. If I was near water, he wouldn't send me anything. I acknowledged the fact. I chose to over look the possibility that he was too drunk to care, or even that his hatred over came his sympathy for my pathetic plight. I continued forward till the sun began to set.

I hadn't actually gained much ground but I began to worry. Had I been wrong, or taken a wrong turn. I speculated as I felt a new pain grow, or rather grew from earlier where is slowly rose from a dull ache in my bowels. It felt like the first evening of the hunger games, only this time more intense some how. I tried to move forward but the pain in my stomach and my fatigue was too much. I collapsed completely in mud and waited to die. The cool mud formed around my body as I relaxed, suddenly I heard a loud, rude noise as my bowels exploded into my pants once again.

All at once, unusually solid feces piled onto the butt of my pants as a large lump formed. I felt the slimy waste smear across my butt and slowly stain my pants as I rolled into the mud, when realization struck. My eyes went wide as adrenaline pumped into my veins. Sure I just messed myself again, but water! I leaped to my feet and practically threw my face into the pond. I drank the unpurified water in gulps, trying to at least hydrate my body before I filled my flask and dripped Iodine into it, for purification. I laid onto my back and I felt the scat smear further as the dark stain covered me from a few inches above my butt to the curve of my groin.

The waste stained my pants and my shirt as it slipped out my tights into the open air. I groaned and a just laid there, filthy until the water purified before drinking a flask and refilling and purifying another one. Still exhausted I could only lay there as I fell asleep, knowing how disgusted I would be to wake up in a pile of feces the next morning.

*012*2012-04-24 01:59

It might be a while before I post the next update but till then here ya go.

Sure enough when I woke up in a pile of filth I gagged at the smell. The slimy trail of scat burned my legs as it had mostly dried. It took all my effort to keep my lunch down as I stripped off my clothes and the scent only strengthened. I had to pinch my nose tightly as I tried to wash my legs off with the stream as I noticed another gift had landed. It was obvious it was a simple change of clothes though I hoped it wouldn't contain another diaper. Kalyne, the girl who can't control her bodily needs.

What a great title for a tribute, and potential victor. Of course there's no chance of me being a victor, my own "love" abandoned me. By the time I was clean and dressed in black pants and a black shirt, time with clean panties, it was early afternoon and I knew I'd have to move if there was any chance of me living. Leaving the pond was hard, but at least I also left the scent of scat. I took of in a slow run my legs slightly sore from sleeping on the rocky shore of the pond. I wasn't quite sure how long it would take to stumble upon another tribute but I wasn't sure I had wanted to.

The thought of killing another tribute was next to unbearable but I willed myself forward. I trudged through to forest looking for some imaginary tribute to burst through some shrubbery at any given moment. The knife that had lodged itself in my pack was now in my fist as I moved silently across the forest, looking for an enemy or some sort of game. I knew I could easily kill something as soon as I found something, but the mockingjays in the tree were somehow off limits to me. It seemed like a sin to kill a mockingjay so I ignored them and looked for something else, hopefully larger game.

Unfortunately the next thing I stumbled upon wasn’t an animal, but a large tribute from district five that I didn’t doubt could easily kill me, especially with my feeble knife offering a small margin of defense. I tried to duck out of sight, but as I passed behind a tree, there was a moment when our eyes made clear contact and we both froze. His brown eyes met mine and I saw him pull out a spear. I took off in a run just as a spear plunged itself into a tree behind me.

I took off in a run towards some unknown destination, I risked a glance backwards too see another javelin coming towards my head. I dove to the ground in a clumsy summersault as the javelin passed over. I staggered to my feet and charged forward again. He was relentless as he came after me, pulling his spear from a tree quickly and quickly gaining on me. I risked throwing my knife back at him, I watched as it buried itself into his shoulder, perfect, it wasn’t deep but throwing the heavy javelins would be harder to throw.

Unfortunately he had a knife now, he threw it with expert precision and I realized knives were easier for him than javelins. I watched as it sliced through the air towards a fatal point in my leg. For a second I found myself numb with fear before I felt warmth run down my legs. He got me. I knew, only it didn’t hurt, however the warm liquid continued to gush down my legs. I glanced at my leg to see my black pants glisten as urine spilled into it and down my legs.

The knife didn’t lodge itself in an artery like I assumed it would. However it did slice open a hole in the leg of my pants, where urine streamed out. Part of my wished that he would have stuck me, it would be less embarrassing. Now he was in a hysterical fit, as urine formed a puddle beneath me. But the yellow puddle didn’t attract my attention totally, however the gleam of the knife did, in an instant it was in my hand, in the next it was hurtling towards the boy’s chest and I was on the run once again, looking for more game, and more importantly trying to survive.

As I got twenty feet away from the kid I heard a cannon sound and I knew the boy from district five was dead. My first kill, and rather than being proud, my face was white. I fell, guilty. He had a family at home obviously, who would miss him and hate me. It all hurt slightly, but I couldn’t afford to feel this way so I just ran, hoping to find some sort of sustenance. But I was now weaponless I realized at once, so I did what I had to and sprinted back just as a hover craft came in view. I threw myself on his body as I groped the knife and tore it from his chest, not wanting to stare at the blood. Then I ran.

It didn’t take too long till I found a turkey like bird running towards a body of water, a single arrow took it out, not exactly one of my best shots but it worked. I cautiously started a fire, and began to cook the bird cautiously hoping not to attract any other tributes. Funny thing is, sometimes being cautious isn't enough. I finished eating a decent portion and emptied my flask into my body before the career tributes broke through the foliage. I gasped out as I quickly picked up my bag filled with my essentials and drew the knife that had nearly killed me, and had instead taken another’s life in my right hand as I sprinted to the trees opposite of them.

Finding a thick one with plenty of good branches I began to scale the tree. I was halfway up when a weak shot of an arrow buried itself a few branches above me. I scaled higher as the tributes gathered beneath me.

“Guys, it’s late, besides, there’s no way we’re getting up that tree, we can just wait them out.” Perry said simply, though with more charisma than I could ever muster. Instantly I knew how he convinced them to let him join. He had a way of being so convincing when he spoke with his silken tongue. I managed to buckle myself in to the tree as I lay in my sleeping bag hoping to get comfortable. I was in for a long night.

Eventually I noticed a small child in the tree nearest to me, though it was only from squirming in an attempt to keep from peeing in the sleeping bag again. At first I assumed it was foxface but then I made out the Prim like resemblance. Rue. What’s she doing? I wonder as I saw her motioning to something above my head. I looked up to see the trail of smoke billowing into the top of the tree, at first I didn’t understand the I noticed the nest of tracker jackers, I suppressed a yelp and realized my escape. I waited until the anthem began then I climbed up and began sawing, the knife made sloppy gashes in the branch as most of my motions were squirming.

Unfortunately before I finished sawing through the branch the anthem ended and I knew I’d have to wait, only I didn’t. I was about to climb down when my bladder exploded into my pants once again. I watched as urine spilled out from around my ankles and cascaded down, directly on top of Glimmer’s head. Most of the urine splattered around her, but a decent amount soaked her hair and drizzled on her shirt. I hear her cry out in shrill anger, and I quickly cut down the branch where it fell down on the other tributes, however Glimmer ran out in the distance.

The swarm billowed on the ground and around me, I leaped from the tree and took off in a run, receiving three stings without really noticing until the hallucinations set it. The trees became pillars of blood which crashed to the earth and swallowed me up. I watched as orange bubbles floated around me as I began to drown and passed out in a ditch, which wasn’t filled with blood in reality but my mind didn’t know that and I succumbed to nightmares.

*016*2012-04-29 04:56

I awoke after what must have been two days later at the least. My body ached as I sat up, my head buzzed as light-headedness set in. I glanced down to find myself in disgustingly soiled clothing with slight welts on my arms from where the tracker jackers stung me. I groaned softly as I struggled to my weak feet. I grit my teeth and forced my body to move. I noticed to parcels a few feet away, I retrieved the first to find some sort of medicine. I applied the ointment to my welts and felt instant relief.

The next package was new clothes, tight fitting grey pants and a black t-shirt and once again no panties. Looking at the rough material of the pants I knew I didn’t want this rubbing my crotch raw. I gingerly touched the butt of my pants and felt feces squish against my butt. I bit my lip softly before I felt my cheeks redden and I retrieved the diaper from my bag. I slipped it on with slight mortification knowing the game makers would love to show this too the audience, now that I wiped off all my waste from my skin.

I threw on the new clothes before deciding to go get the rest of my gear at the base of the tree. Halfway there I felt my mind flash up a memory. Perry saved me from Cato. I barely noticed it, but the moment I started to pass out, Perry squared off against Cato with awkward swordsmanship before I fell into the short chasm, hiding my presence. Was that a memory or a hallucination? I wondered to myself before heading out to the tree. It was abandoned and empty except for my sleeping bag and jacket within the branches and Glimmer’s bow and quiver of arrows at the bottom of the tree.

I rushed over to the tree and quickly grasped up the arrows gleefully. I was excited to have my weapon of choice, especially one so beautiful like the silver one I now held within my hands. I quickly nocked an arrow and shot a turkey creature a twenty yards away. I strolled over and quickly cleaned, cooked and ate a meal. I head off in one direction, wondering what I would find, who I would find. “So I guess the question is, whose still alive.” I muttered under my breath and pressed forward looking for some sort of excitement. I came up disappointed, or maybe fortunate. Can I really kill again? I shrugged it off and jogged through the forest as dusk set in, I decided on a particular tree when suddenly a raging wall of inferno raged fifty yards to my right. Balls of fire launched through the air, consuming the trees around me, I panicked and ran off.

I dodged balls of flame landing around me, I felt one burn my leg, I screamed as I attempted to extinguish the pant leg as I ran from the wave of fire. I gave up and sliced off my pants and through it to the ground. There I was, running in a shirt and a diaper from a wall of fire. Katniss, the baby who was previously on fire. I struggled to keep going, but eventually the fire died out and I fell into a clearing. I gasped up clean air hungrily, as I laid on my back staring at the stars. My view was obscured by the beautiful face of Glimmer.

I gasped as I clammberd backwards to see her full, sexy body. I could tell that all the boys from her district would be dying to have her back, to get her for their one. Now she was dressed in nothing but green panties and bras. I was about to scream when I felt her force her lips onto mine. As pathetic as it seemed, I gave into the kiss. My eyes fluttered shut at the surprisingly amazing kiss as her tongue darted into my mouth and so did the tart juice. My eyes went wide. Nightlock berries. I tried to break her hold but she was strong.

I kneed her in the lower abdomen, keeping my knee in her belly, I realized it was slightly swollen. I kept my knee in her abdomen as I tried to break free, tried to keep from swallowing the liquid, but it was difficult as time went on and my nose was snuffed up. She continued to kiss me as I wrestled to get free when I felt the warmth drizzle from her onto my torso. She was peeing herself! I felt the urine fall from her urethra and onto me. The warm urine flowing onto my body, the passionate kiss, it was all so much.

I found it harder and harder to fight it all, as the urine soaked my shirt and my own diaper I began to lose the will to fight, until and image of Prim flit before my fading vision. I spewed the berry juice back into her mouth and shoved Glimmer off of me. I stumbled backwards as she died all most instantly, I took off in a run when I felt my body ripped off the ground and suspended from a rope. I was caught in a trap. Probably one of Glimmer’s before I killed her. I groaned as the blood rushed to my head and I fainted.

A little shorter than usual, but the days are getting away from me and I just wanted to give you something. Hope you enjoy it:)

*018*2012-04-30 18:17

{{: 

I am Really enjoying this! its great, keep it up

}}

Thank you for your support:)

*019*2012-05-02 23:57

I guess this is long overdue, I just got so caught up in my harry potter story that no one comments on:/ but here we go:)

I found myself hanging from my feet when I regained consciousness and instantly realized the feces sagging downwards in my diaper. Some slithered out and smeared against my back and urine soaked my diaper, with some drips slithering down my chest. My shirt hung over my face and I found myself struggling when the rope was cut. I fell onto my hands and knees and stood up quickly to face Rue.

"Hey what are you doing?" I asked backing up towards the silver bow and arrow.

"Its just me, you a couple careers and that perry kid." She said. I nodded my head.

"So what are you doing?" I asked.

"We can make an alliance." She said simply.

"Ok..." I said. "Sure." I grinned once I realized she was sincere.

"The careers have a camp near the lake where they have a boat load of surprise." She said as she led the way.

"With the supplies we will never win. We could destroy it... or eat it." I grinned as she led me to a hiding spot. I took up the position and we spent the day watching them, I observed as one tribute moved with complicated precision just to get an apple. "What's that about?" I asked.

"Kid from district three placed land mines around the supplies." She said.

"Landmines?" I asked. I took a moment to think. "Ok, I got an idea."

The next day Rue set up three camp fires too lure the tributes away. Once they all left I took aim with my arrow. I paused for a moment. How was I gonna go about this? What if one landmine wouldn't set them all off? Then I remembered the apples. "well something good always happens when I fire at apples." I muttered. I sent out three quick arrows. two to make a large hole, a third to spill them out. The effect was immediate. They set off nearly every landmine and I felt myself lurch through the air as the explosion erupted. I found myself disoriented and in severe pain. i tried to stand up but found myself falling straight to the ground. I kept stumbling around and knew it was futile. I was stranded. I buried myself beneath leaves and pine needles until I was mostly out of sight and passed out.

When I came too, there was an eerie silence, in only my left ear. My right ear picked up sound perfect. My fingers felt the ear to find it bleeding. I felt stunned. I was deaf, how would I hunt now? However I head perfectly out of my right ear and heard the shrill scream of Rue pierce the air.

I took off in a clumsy run after the sound and found her thrashing beneath a net.

"Help!" She called, I was about to help her out, when a spear stuck itself in her chest. My eyes went wide when I saw the killer. A career tribute. I sent an arrow into his chest, instantly killing him. I fell to Rue's side.

"Don't die." I said softly.

"Sing for me." She said weakly. I obliged. and placed flowers around her as I did. It was mournful but she smiled as she died. As tears brimmed in my eyes, I took my left hand, using my middle three fingers I touched my lip and then pointed them at her as she was lifted away by a hover craft. I cried myself to sleep that night. The next morning I dressed in black pants and a black shirt. I found it fitting. This time Haymitch left me with black panties. I sighed and left the area when I heard the best news in the world.

"attention all tributes. If both tributes from a district are still alive, they can both win the hunger games." The game maker said quickly before the sound dying out. My heart leaped. Was this a joke? I didn't care it meant I could I could win as well as Perry. I was about to run off to look for him when a loaf of bread from district eleven fell before me with a silver parachute. I knew it was for what I did for rue.

"Thank you district eleven." I called before leaving.

*024*2012-06-26 23:52

Hey! Remember this dinosaur? Well if I get at least three comments by august twenty first convincing me so I will finish up this story.

