One big happy comic omorashi story

Author: omofan77

*000*2013-09-07 20:55

After reading MKFan200's posts of One Big Happy's comics, I felt inspired to write this story, so thank you MKFan200 for the inspiration. I made it a bit humorous and heartwarming with Ruthie's mother accepts the fact she can't keep Ruthie and Joe from going to the bathroom in more ways than one, trying to be less of a strict mother, and keep them from holding it in too long, which is not healthy.

Ruthie and Joe were playing in the backyard. Ruthie suddenly felt a pressure in her bladder. "I really need to go the bathroom," she exclaimed, jumping up and down. "It's your fault, for drinking so much before we came out," sneered Joe. "So did you," Ruthie said, noticing Joe beginning to squirm. Suddenly she felt a leak. "Oh no! I'm not going to make it."

"Relax, Ruthie," said Joe. "We're by a tree. We can all go there."

"I can't go outside, and in front of other people," said Ruthie, as drops of pee came out. "Then it looks like you'll be going in your pants," said Joe. Ruthie hesitated. Her pants or the tree. She walked to the tree, where Joe was standing and aiming. She tried to take no notice as she pulled her pants down and sat down. The sound of the boys' peeing increased her need and she finally let go. It was an oddly pleasant feeling, the sound of her pee hitting the grass and the feeling of release.

Later, feeling guilty, Ruthie admitted to her mother her desperate situation. "It's okay," Ellen said. "I understand how you needed to go, and you and your brother will likely be in places without working bathrooms. In those situations, it's better you and your brother go outside when you really need to. It's better if you don't hold it more than you have to." Ruthie gave a mischievous smile. Ellen thought she knew what Ruthie was thinking and said, "I guess I can't stop you and your brother from going outside when you want to, so I'll only say as long as it's only in our backyard, and I or no one knows then there's nothing I can do." It might also save water, she thought.

Since then, Ellen suspected Ruthie and Joe went outside even when they weren't that desperate, but she never found out. There was one case where the 3 of them were stuck in traffic and after a while of Ruthie in need of a bathroom, took pity on her and said, "If you'll help clean up later, you can just go. You've held it quite a while and it looks like it's getting painful." She tried not to mind as Ruthie nodded and gratefully wet her pants. Joe also said he'll clean up and wet himself as well. When they got home, they cleaned up and didn't mention it again. There was also a time when Ellen saw Joe and Ruthie smiling and a look of relief on them in the pool. "I don't want to know," said Ellen.

So ends my first fanfic. I think I'll reuse the theme of a less strict and more understanding parent/guardian in my next story with Lilo and Nani in Lilo and Stitch. Anyone who can good of more omorashi stories for this comic strip can use this thread.

