Ginny's Predicament

Author: Dragon

*000*2015-10-24 03:16

Author's Note: Hi everyone, it's been quite a while since I contributed anything and I recently was struck with a bit of inspiration for a quick story. As a warning, this is my first ever attempt at a Harry Potter fanfiction and it's been a few years since I've read the books, so I fear some dialogue may be out of character. In addition, this was written in one sitting rather late at night, so I hope you'll forgive any spelling or grammatical errors. Please feel free to comment with constructive criticism and I hope you all enjoy it!

Ginny’s Predicament

Nearly three years had passed since the downfall of Lord Voldemort and the end of the second wizarding war. Though the scars and grief from war still lingered, peace and joy had at long last returned to the wizarding world.

Ginny gave a sidelong glance as yet another group of people stopped and gaped as she and Harry walked past.

“You would think that after these last few years I’d have gotten used to the attention you attract, but it still never ceases to amaze me.” Ginny said in a low voice so that only Harry would hear her. “Dunno why you would think it’s just me who attracts attention, you’re a former member of Dumbledore’s Army and a famous witch yourself you know.” He replied with a grin. Ginny rolled her eyes at him. “Yes I’m sure it’s quite a contest between me and the famous Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived, and the one who defeated the most powerful dark wizard in history.” Harry gave her an apologetic look. “I’m afraid it’ll only get worse once the Daily Prophet gets word that you are soon to be Mrs. Ginevra Potter.” Ginny beamed at him and squeezed his hand tighter. “I knew quite well what I was signing up for when I fell in love with you and not for a single moment have I regretted it.”

It had only been a week ago when Harry had proposed and Ginny felt as if she had been living in a dream ever since.

“I swear, if I see a single headline using Ginevra instead of Ginny, each and every writer down at the Daily Prophet will be on the receiving end of one of my Bat-Bogey hexes.” Ginny said with a scowl. Harry chuckled knowing quite well that she would eagerly carry out her threat.

Harry had long since gotten used to the gaping mouths and pointed fingers, but on this particular day nothing would be dampening his mood. The couple continued their walk through town, hand in hand, eager to meet up with their good friends and fellow couple Ron and Hermione for lunch.

Half an hour later found each couple together on opposite sides of a picnic table at a nearby park. After hearing about Harry and Ginny’s engagement Hermione had insisted they celebrate. With the beautiful spring weather and a delicious picnic Hermione had made, it was a wonderful celebration. In addition, they had found a rather secluded area of the park to ensure they were left to enjoy one another’s company in peace without a gaggle of onlookers.

“Honestly mate I really am happy for you and Ginny, There’s no one else I’d rather see my sister with.” Ron was saying with a somewhat serious look at Harry. “But blimey Harry you have no idea what you’ve started. She won’t admit it, but now you’ve gone and gotten Hermione jealous, been giving me the cold shoulder all week. You’ve gone and put the bloody idea in her head now.” Ron muttered in a low voice so only Harry would hear him. Fortunately Ginny and Hermione were paying the two of them no mind, as they eagerly gossiped and discussed wedding planning.

Harry grinned and gave a small laugh as he listened to his friend’s complaints. He was only half paying attention however, as his attention was focused on his girlfriend sitting beside him. She looked particularly pretty today. Her long, straight red hair reaching the middle of her back was shining brilliantly in the spring sunshine. Today she wore a casual attire of faded light blue jeans and a green and gold t-shirt featuring a logo of her favorite Quidditch team; the Holyhead Harpies.

Harry took one more careful glance at his friends. Ron was oblivious as he was rambling on about a recent adventure involving his older brother Charlie, while Ginny and Hermione were paying him no mind whatsoever as they were excitedly discussing guest lists and other various wedding plans.

With only the slightest of movements Harry carefully slipped his wand into his hand. Keeping his wand out of sight under the picnic table, he gave a slight flourish and whispered, “Omo rashirio”. As soon as his spell was cast he had instantly snuck his wand back into his pocket and was nodding and laughing as he pretended to be listening to Ron’s story.

Ginny was eagerly listening to Hermione talk about a wedding article she had read in Witches Weekly when an all too familiar feeling suddenly hit her. Her entire body tensed and she stole a quick glance over at her boyfriend. Though he appeared to be laughing and talking with her brother, she had known him long enough to catch the slightly mischievous glint in his eyes, confirming her suspicions.

Though life as the girlfriend of the famous Harry Potter was always full of surprises, there had been one surprise that nothing could have prepared her for.

After the end of the war against Voldemort, Harry and Ginny had wasted little time in reuniting and rekindling their relationship. Unsurprisingly their love had grown stronger and stronger and before long they had started living together. With things being so crowded in the Burrow it only took a little persuading for Mr. and Mrs. Weasley to give them their blessing. Living together in the house Harry had bought in Godric’s Hollow made them not only grow closer, but also discover a number of new things about one another. One of the many things Ginny had learned was a certain strange interest of Harry’s.

For Ginny’s last birthday her friend Luna Lovegood had given her a rather raunchy book titled “The Seductive Witch’s Guide to Spicing up Your Love Life”. She and Harry had been involved sexually with one another for quite some time so she had been skeptical of how much use she could really find in the book. However, after an afternoon of reading she found a number of things that had piqued her curiosity. So later that night, after a few hours of cuddling on the couch drinking Firewhiskey a very tipsy Ginny had been flirting and teasing a drunk Harry for a while.

After a while she had managed to steer the conversation towards certain “kinks” they had. She had been surprised when Harry had stiffened and almost immediately sobered up. He had a nervousness that she rarely saw in him and he had quickly tried to change the subject. However, Ginny was immensely curious then and refused to let the matter drop. Finally after several minutes of begging and pleading she managed to get him to give an exasperated sigh.

“You just won’t let this go will you?” Harry said in an anxious voice.

“Harry I have no idea what you’re being so secretive about. I just want to know something you might like to spice things up a little, like a fantasy you’ve always wanted to play out.” Ginny said trying to reassure him.

Harry gave her a sidelong glance full of apprehension.

“Come on Harry I can tell there’s something you’re hiding. Just tell me what this big secret is, you know I don’t scare that easily.”

“Fine, but if I tell you and you think it’s weird or disgusting don’t think you’ll upset me. I would never make you do anything that you didn’t like.” Harry said.

Red-faced, he had proceeded to grudgingly explain that for as long as he could remember he’d had a certain strange fetish involving girls peeing. It wasn’t just any normal interest in peeing though, more specifically, he had an interest in girls being really desperate to pee and wetting their clothes.

After reading Luna’s book she knew about some of the common fetishes and kinks. This however was certainly not one she had read about.

“So you’re saying you want me to have a wee in my pants?” Ginny asked as Harry’s face flushed even more. “Well that isn’t nearly as bad as what you had me imagining after how long it took to drag it out of you.” Ginny said with a thoughtful look on her face as she pondered this new discovery.

“Really? You don’t think it’s weird or disgusting?” Harry said in bewilderment.

“Well it’s certainly different and not quite what I was expecting, but I don’t see a problem with it. I wouldn’t mind trying it for you.” Ginny said with a grin.

From then onwards the two began experimenting and though Ginny did find it rather embarrassing, she was happy that she could do something so simple for Harry to enjoy. She quickly found that “enjoyment” was a major understatement for Harry. The look of utter fascination and the sexual hunger in his eyes whenever she indulged in his kink was unlike anything she had seen from him, and the more desperate she got, the greater his enjoyment.

Recently, Harry had discovered and begun using a certain spell on her quite frequently when she wasn’t expecting it. The spell was designed to act like the most powerful diuretic imaginable, speeding up the process of her bladder immensely. Growing up in a crowded house with several older brothers had given her remarkable bladder strength, which frustrated Harry to no end when he had tried to cause her to have a real accident. However, this spell was able to push even her bladder to its limits with remarkable speed.

“Ginny?”

Ginny pulled herself away from her thoughts as she realized Hermione had asked her a question. She forced herself to put up a relaxed appearance as she focused on talking to Hermione, despite the slight sense of panic she was feeling. While Harry had cast this spell on her before, this was the first time he had done it in public, and in front of her brother and her best friend no less! She could already feel Harry’s spell going to work on her bladder and she immediately regretted drinking so much of the lemonade Hermione had brought for the picnic.

Harry gleefully talked and ate with his friends, all the while keeping an eye on his girlfriend. Though Ron and Hermione seemed oblivious, Harry was familiar enough with Ginny to notice the signs of her growing discomfort. She was sitting rather stiffly now and had a tense look hidden behind her seemingly relaxed expression. Though he did feel slightly guilty putting her in this situation without her permission, he couldn’t help but feel eager to see how his fiery girlfriend would deal with this. He knew that there weren’t any loos nearby and he knew his fiery girlfriend had far too much pride to relieve herself behind a bush or tree. Besides, even if she wanted to, Hermione and Ron’s presence completely negated that option.

Suddenly as Ron and Hermione began one of their frequent bouts of bickering, Ginny took the opportunity to lean over and whisper in his ear.

“Merlin’s beard, Harry, you’re downright evil.” Ginny said with a glare.

“Oh, is something wrong Gin’?” Harry asked with a small smirk.

“You know damn well what's bloody wrong. Im absolutely bursting, I’m gonna get you back for this and don’t think for a second this is going to work on me.” She hissed. Despite her words, Harry could see evidence of the contrary. Ginny was now pressing her thighs together and couldn’t help shifting in her seat occasionally as the pressure began to mount.

The picnic dragged on for what seemed like ages for Ginny. Things were getting progressively more difficult for the young witch with each minute that passed. Her bladder felt like a swollen balloon in her midsection and the tight jeans she was wearing did nothing to aid her struggle. At this point she was having trouble focusing on the conversation as her situation grew more urgent. Unfortunately for Ginny, Hermione was sharp and had taken notice of Ginny’s discomfort.

“Are you feeling well Ginny? You look sort of pale.” Hermione asked in concern.

“N-no I’m fine Hermione.” Ginny said and quickly changed the subject as she tried not to groan when Hermione suddenly picked up the pitcher of lemonade and refilled her glass.

Meanwhile, from his side of the table Harry had been watching eagerly as the signs of Ginny’s desperation became more obvious. Beneath the table her legs were twisted tightly and one of her slender hands was pressed between her thighs. Seeing his normally strong and willful girlfriend losing composure like this was a rare sight.

Ginny was getting nervous now. This was different from when she was alone with Harry. She was in public and right in front of Ron and Hermione! She absolutely couldn’t have an accident here, but she had no idea how she could get out of this situation. She had no idea where the nearest loos were and at this point even if she did, she wasn’t entirely sure that she would make it there with dry jeans.

She tried to shoot Harry a pleading look when she didn’t think Ron and Hermione were looking. However, he remained seemingly oblivious, though she could feel his eyes watching her every move. Suddenly, Ginny felt the tendrils of icy cold fear surge through her. A small spurt of liquid warmth had escaped her control and soaked into her pink cotton knickers. Ginny forced both hands against her crotch fighting to keep control as her body fought to release the torrent of pee in her bladder. Thankfully she managed to keep the loss of control limited to the one spurt. However, now the urge for relief was far more powerful due to her now warm and wet knickers pressing against her womanhood. There was more than that though, for some odd reason the unintentional loss of control and warm wetness was creating another much more pleasant feeling. Was she actually getting turned on when she was the closest she’d been to having an accident in public since she was a first year at Hogwarts?

“Sis are you sure you feel ok? You look like you ate a batch of fever fudge or something.” Ron said, now noticing her flushed face and squirming himself.

“Yes, Ronald I’m fine, it’s just a little warm out is all.” Ginny snapped, flustered that even her thickheaded brother was catching on to her predicament.

“I dunno Gin, maybe you sh-“

Suddenly Ron was cut off as Hermione jumped up from the picnic table.

“Ron! It’s half past three, we have the meeting with the head of Department of Magical Law Enforcement in fifteen minutes. You promised to help me with my pitch about S.P.E.W. to her to raise awareness for house elves!” Hermione said in a panic as she whipped out her wand. In seconds all the items from the picnic were sent flying haphazardly into her magically expanded bag.

“Sorry for the rush Harry, Ginny, see you later!” Hermione said in a rush, spinning on the spot and disapparating with a loud pop.

“Oh lovely an afternoon at the ministry arguing for house elf rights, wouldn’t miss it for the world.” Ron groaned with a roll of his eyes.

“Cya later you two.”

With another loud pop, Ron had disapparated leaving Harry and Ginny alone at the picnic table.

Harry turned with a cautious grin to his girlfriend expecting an earful of her fiery temper. However, she was simply sitting staring at the top of the picnic table, both hands wedged between her thighs.

“Ginny are you-“

Suddenly whatever Harry was about to say was lost as a loud hissing noise filled the air. Ginny’s face was flushed as red as her hair and she was trembling all over as she lost complete control. Her jeans immediately grew several shades darker and urine pooled around her bottom and trickled off the edge of her seat. Harry sat speechless and gaped at her in awe as he watched her have a full blown wetting accident. A telltale pitter patter sound joined the loud hissing, as pee splashed on to the dry hard ground below, forming a sizable puddle.

For two and a half minutes the young witch was lost in her own world as she remained frozen in place. Finally the torrent of pee slowed, and then at long last tapered off as Ginny Weasley finished wetting her pants in public for the first time in years.

Suddenly both of their heads shot up as they heard voices and footsteps approaching from the distance. Acting fast, Harry quickly pulled his invisibility cloak out and draped it over himself and Ginny.

For a long moment they sat huddled together under the cloak as the voices and footsteps got closer. As they waited Harry became acutely aware of the fragrant and distinctly feminine scent of Ginny’s pee which was still dripping from her jeans.

“Here they come Ginny, it’s just a few joggers. Once they leave we can apparate home and get you chang-“ Harry was cut off as suddenly Ginny’s soft lips collided with his in a passion filled kiss. The two sat hidden from the world under the invisibility cloak the only sign of their presence being a large and quite fresh puddle of urine below them. Finally after what felt like an eternity they broke apart. Harry could only stare in bewilderment at his future wife who he had just forcibly made pee her pants. Her long red hair was disheveled, her face was flushed a deep crimson, and inexplicably, undeniably, lust was clear in her eyes.

“I think I may be beginning to enjoy this interest of yours Harry Potter.”

“Well I suppose we’ll be needing to do this more often then Ginny Potter.”

*002*2015-10-24 04:12

{{:

That was very good

}}

Thanks, glad you enjoyed and I appreciate the feedback!

*005*2015-10-26 04:22

{{:

This certainly was good. I loved reading this. Is this story gonna be a sequel?

}}

I was really just intending on a single short story. I suppose if people really enjoy reading it I could try my hand at writing another chapter when I have the free time. Not going to promise anything though.

*008*2015-11-04 05:59

{{:

I'm leaving lurker mode for a moment to compliment your story. I very much enjoyed it, even for fanfiction.

}}

Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!

