Secretary

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2020-10-20 15:49

Jane stood in front of her boss, legs tightly locked together; the fabric of her tights rubbing, as she felt a wet-spot grow on her black cotton underwear.

"S-sir, p-please, I-".

"-Don't interrupt me!" he bellowed. "You were meant to have those files sent off by 2:00PM. It's now 4:30 and they're still only half-done! What's wrong with you?".

Her boss; Andrew, was furious with her for messing up an assignment deadline. The CEO of a major corporation, he was incredibly passionate, driven and had a fierce temper. Jane didn't like to admit it but every-time she heard someone be screamed at in his office through the walls; she felt turned on. More than once, she'd had to slip into the company bathrooms and tear off soaking underwear; drenched in her arousal, as her fingers gave her desperately needed relief from the arousal she felt around him. Now however; on the receiving end, she felt terrified and could feel her bladder control loosening in fear.

"I'm sorry sir, I'll get it done by 7:00, I swear".

"That's not good enough Jane, do you even want to work here?".

"Y-yes sir!" she said; her voice full of fear, as she felt an awful pain in her stomach.

"Then act like it! Are you a woman or a child?".

As if in response, a loud hissing sound filled the air as Jane covered her mouth in horror; while Andrew watched in shock. Streaks of pee burst through her tight black skirt and were racing down her legs; splintered into a hundred streams by the fabric of her tights. Her whole body shook with fear and release as her black cotton underwear become soaked with urine and her grey heeled shoes overflowed; a puddle forming around her. Jane couldn't believe she was wetting herself in front of her boss and felt tears run from her eyes, as she turned red with embarrassment.

"Jane" said Andrew, her boss's voice a shocked whisper.

Jane turned around; sobbing, moving to flee his office in shame. She knew she was fired, she just hoped she could escape before he threatened to have her barred from every job in the city. Her hand reached the office's door, yet she felt herself be torn away from it and pushed against the wall. She looked in fear as she saw Andrew had grabbed her, only to moan in shock as his lips crashed against hers, his tongue forcing its way down her throat and his body pressing against her.

She moaned in pleasure. She didn't understand why this was happening and didn't care. She just wanted to enjoy this feeling, as the tent in his tight black business trousers grinded against her soaking wet skirt and she felt her hands instinctively race to unbutton his trousers. She looked down as his cock came free and almost came on the spot, nine inches of throbbing goodness and a moment later, her eyes rolled back in her skull as she felt her skirt be lifted and his throbbing erection driven against her soaking wet black knickers.

She kissed his neck, biting his shoulders; as his hands tore open her white blouse, breaking six buttons. The black bra underneath was gone almost as fast and she felt his strong hands grope her breasts: Rolling her nipples, pushing them together and using her body in every way he wanted. Every single thing he was doing was making her moan without a care in the world; she was lost to the feelings she was having, uncaring of the consequences.

Pulling her from the wall, he swept everything; including a sixty-thousand dollar computer, off onto the floor and bent Jane over it. Her soaking tights, skirt and heels were now all she was wearing, as Jane saw Andrew strip off; revealing a gorgeously toned body: Six-pack abs, muscular arms and a confident swagger as he moved towards her that made her not move a muscle until his hand grabbed onto her bum; making her gasp in pleasure.

"You're a dirty little bitch, aren't you Jane? A dirty little bitch who couldn't control herself".

Jane was shocked as she realised her accident had turned him on and was even more shocked at what she said next:

"Yes sir, i'm a dirty little bitch. I couldn't help it. I need you to punish me".

In response, Andrew's hand slammed against her bum; over and over, each whack making her whole body shake with arousal and pain. The combination was driving her crazy and she felt like she was going to cum from just this alone, yet he had barely even started. Flipping her over, he lay on top of her; the desk large enough to comfortably fit them both on top, as his cock slid effortlessly into her drenched, dripping wet pussy.

Jane couldn't hold back. She began to scream with excitement, lust and relief; as the first orgasm hit her like a wave and the walls of her pussy clenched around his tight, throbbing hard cock...

EIGHTEEN MONTHS LATER

Jane stood, staring out the window of an enormous house; which rested at the top of a mountain forest. Below her, a town of twenty-thousand people; who all knew her by name. She gazed at the buildings and shops, knowing she could walk into any one of them and buy anything she wanted; or the shop itself if she preferred. She was wearing a tight red-dress, displaying her cleavage confidently and her legs had been waxed to a soft perfection. She looked out, drinking a hot chocolate; made with 100% Peruvian Cocoa beans, as the people below went about their daily lives.

She smiled.

And she remembered...

