Hilde's tough day

Author: Guest Delete me

*000*2013-12-04 20:54

Hilde sat on the back of the car with her father, who hadn’t uttered a word in hours, on the front seat. With persistent hours on the road, they were now utterly isolated from all human life, and the oppresive darkness of that night reinforced a strange feeling of loneliness and withdrawal from the world. After such a long time, even her boredom seemed to have grown tired and gone away, as Hilde concentrated more and more on the state of her bladder.

Every long road trip was the same; she would take every possible measure to avoid needing to pee at an inappropriate time, and the thought of being forced to either hold it or nag the driver with demands for a pee stop until he conceded worried her the whole time. Driving made her father extremely irritable, and he particularly hated being asked to stop just because his daughter was being too much of an immature little brat to hold it in. In fact, he would do just the opposite and avoid stopping at all cost out of spite whenever the subject of urination was brought up.

So whenever Hilde would feel any pressure at all in her bladder, as was the case, she would become extremely anxious, to the point of not being able to think about anything else. Her mind raced with thoughts of accidents, as the feeling coming from her bladder was in fact quite distressing. She hadn’t relieved herself since lunch, and by now was already fidgeting and pressing her thighs against each other. She thought repeatedly of the unbearable humiliation of losing the battle against her bladder and soaking the seat, or of finally finding a bathroom, but not making it quite in time. Either way, she didn’t even dare imagine what her father would do to her.

Each time she watched her loss of control in her mind, the resulting relief sounded more tempting.The thought of the pure bliss of giving up and releasing her river of golden pollution into her panties and having her ass and thighs carressed by the delicious wet warmth seduced her, and soon Hilde found herself in a battle against her own body, fending off the temptation of just letting go with her waning willpower. By now, her whole body was tensing up with the effort of holding it in; her delicate face had put on a look of anxiety, and her upper teeth chewed on her lower lip. Her hands were tightly clenched into fists, and moved everywhere in search of a comfortable position, only daring not approach the crotch. Her torso was hunching forward, her legs were awkwardly entangled, her cute little toes were curled, and her whole body was rapidly bouncing up and down.

Soon, even the father apparently heard her fidgetting and bouncing, as he indifferently asked what she was doing back there.

“ N-nothing! A-I was just, umm...”

Her frantic search for an excuse was mercifully interrupted:

“OK, just try not to distract me. I’m trying to concentrate here”

He was already getting nervous with the anticipation of the daughter’s complaints about her bladder. As much as she would love to know, the poor girl dared not ask how far they were from the destination. Regardless of that, she was already losing hope of making it to a bathroom completely dry. Her weak, swollen, tormented bladder felt like it was holding boiling water, and could crack open at any moment. The cruel, unrelenting pressure of the lake of wee in her tummy was much more than her young delicate body could take, and her trembling pelvic muscles were ready to quit the battle with or without her permission. The mind was a chaotic mess of nightmarish images of full-blown accidents, with many little rivulets of the warm yellow liquid trickling down her legs and into her shoes. It would also occasionally stop to look for somewhere to release herself into. A cup, a towel, a plastic bag, anything would be better than soaking her shorts with her golden juices!

Her overtaxed willpower was beginning to give in to to the bladder’s urgent demands, as the idea of letting a little out to help relieve the pressure finally managed to seduce the tormented little girl, the anticipation of sweet relief overwhelming what was left of her rational mind. A thick jet of hot urine soaked her panties. This was accompanied by a brief moment of clarity, where she came to the stark realization that her accident was beginning. Her hands flew into the crotch, managing to stop the stream barely a second in. The volume of pee was nevertheless enough to leave a considerable spot in her panties and even show on her shorts. In fact, the stream had been so strong that even the father apparently heard the hissing sound, as he glanced at his daughter and made a terrible look of disgust at what he saw.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing? ”

Hilde immediately hid her hands behind her, as if she had committed a crime, and answered in a shaky, whimpering voice,

“N-noth... I-it’s just that I...”

“God, is it too much to ask you to behave like a grown-up lady? Do I really have to keep reminding you that it’s not acceptable to hold yourself like you’re five? “

“But I really...”

“Stop bullshitting me, ok? You’re not a child anymore, and you’re going to hold it as long as necessary. And sit properly too!”

She tried to reply, but the words simply wouldn’t come out of her mouth. A lump was forming in her throat, and she was afraid she was going to start crying if she tried to say anything. She looked down with an expression of utter shame, looking even more helpless than before. Her face was completely red, both with embarrassment and the effort of holding the gallons of wee inside, with heavy tears streaming down it and landing on her lap. Her body, covered with a layer of sweat, was almost bending over now, and her legs, now forcibly uncrossed, were pressed against each other as tightly as her muscles would allow. There was nothing the tormented little girl could do to ease the pain now, with the father’s menacing eyes on her.

Her only thing that comforted her was thinking of the sweet feeling of that one intentional spurt. At that moment, she could think of no greater pleasure in the world than the one she felt as she allowed herself to let it go, and her liquid waste naturally flowed out. The feeling was comparable to that of an intense orgasm, if not better. Oh, how she longed to feel it again!

With this thought, many unintentional spurts came, and formed a clear wet patch on her shorts. Even the seat must have been damp by now, but Hilde dared not think look at it. With each spurt, the warm, damp feeling between her legs became more teasing, making her even more desperate. Her breathing was little more than a panicked pant, as her bloated bladder left barely enough room for it, and one would think looking at her face she was doing some vigorous kind of exercize.

Hilde was repeatedly thinking “This can’t be happening!” when she felt the car begin to slow down. She initially thought it was a product of her wishful imagination, like a mirage, but decided to look out of the window to make sure. She almost jumped in joy as at what she saw: they were approaching a gas station that clearly had two bathrooms! A more reassuring sight she had never had. She was franticly removing her seatbelt and trying to open the door even before the car had properly stopped, but was interrupted by the father.

“I don’t want you going in there alone. You’ll stay here with me until I finish filling up the tank.”

Her heart sank, but the sight of the bathroom had given her the motivation she needed to hold on. Never had she felt so excited in her life; her heart was racing as if she had just had her first kiss, and time seemed to pass in slow motion. When she was finally given permission to go, she struggled with the temptation of just dashing to the bathroom as fast as she could, and instead hobbled awkwardly, her hands massaging her tummy and her legs crossed, sometimes stopping and bending her knees. After what felt like a marathon, the girl almost passed out when she saw the only toilet in the ladies’ room was out of order, and the men’s room only had a large urinal. She couldn’t believe her eyes, and stayed on the spot, bobbing up and down and hunching forward, as she waited for a miracle.

The father came closer and told her to ask if there were any other bathrooms, which her troubled mind hadn’t even considered. She approached one of the employees with careful baby steps, making a pitiful attempt at hiding her desperation. Her whole body was visibly contorted and sweaty, and she seemed to be on the verge of crying. The employee, trying to look like he didn’t notice her desperation, said those were the only ones and recommended that she go in the woods behind the station. She glanced at the father with pleading eyes, but all he said was:

“Don’t even think of it. You will wait until the next stop. Now, if you excuse me, I’ve got to take a piss.”

She was so everwhelmed by rage, she couldn’t help shedding a few tears, but still couldn’t muster up the courage to say anything.

“Do you have a problem with that? Tell me, what’s wrong?”

With this, her inhibitions were overcome by anger, and she replied in a rispid, yet whiny voice

“This is unfair! I’ve been absolutely dying for the toilet all afternoon!”

“Now tell me, what the hell am I supposed to do about it if you’re still too much of a baby to hold it in? I remember very well having to potty train you; it was a bitch, I’ll tell you that! Yet after everything I’ve done for you, all I get is this whining, from you and your mother. Would it hurt you to show some gratitude, just once? When we get home, let’s see how this mentality of yours that if I don’t get what I want, then nobody does, applies to you. I’m sure you’re going to love having to pay your own damn bills.”

With this, went into the men’s room and pissed loudly into the urinal. The sound of the jet of urine hitting the wall was the most agonizing thing she’d ever heard in her entire life. Poor, helpless Hilde squatted down with her legs pressed against each other, holding her arms around them and against her chest, pressing her heel against her weehole, rocking vigorously back and forth, and making a loud, shaky, high-pitched moan of pain that made all people around feel compassion for her. The father finally finished and went back to the car, as she reluctantly followed him. She’d love nothing more than to climb on the urinal with her father’s help, completely remove her shorts and panties, spread her legs and just LET GO! Unfortunately, he would never allow it.

The moment she got back in, it was obvious she wasn’t going to prevent the flood if she didn’t get to a toilet VERY soon.

“Dad, the next stop isn’t too far, is it?”

“Are you kidding me? After all of that whiny bullshit back at the station? You’re going to suck it up like a grown lady until we arrive.”

With her blood boiling, she answered in a distorted voice,

“I swear I’m going to completely soak myself if you don’t stop right now!

“Are you actually threatening to ruin my car?”

“YES! I can’t stand it anymore! I’m going to burst!”

He abruptly pulled the brakes and pulled over.

“Get out of the car. We have to talk.”

She got out, barely managing to stand up, and tried to pull her panties down. By this point, though, she was little more than a distorted little ball of panic. Her mind had drowned in a vast, merciless ocean of wee, and her arms refused to obey her. They shook around violently, and her hands barely managed to locate the zipper. Then came the father, yelling at her at the top of his lungs. This was too much stress for the poor girl to take; she tried to hide her face with her hands, and whimpered in an almost inaudible voice

“I’m so sorry”

Then, as she cried her eyes out, the dam burst. A ferocious gusher of golden smoking-hot wee came flying out of her pussy, completely soaking her inner legs , socks, and shoes. Her legs gave in to the stress too, and she fell down on her own puddle, further soaking her clothes. Not a single dry spot was left in the shorts, but the unstoppable golden river was still coming out with full force. The puddle grew to such an unbelievable size, even the father felt uncomfortable.

*002*2013-12-05 02:10

Aww, thank you so much! I was really worried the writing would sound weird to a native speaker.

Now, as for what comes later, I have to admit I'm out of ideas for the moment, but I'm definitely willing to write another chapter if I this gets more attention.

